 chapter 1 fresh havoc there were rumors . 
 of terrible things , of wonderful things , of events too immense to keep to oneself , and so they were quietly shared from soul to soul , one afterlight to another , until every afterlight in everlost had heard them . 
 there was the rumor of a beautiful sky witch , who soared across the heavens in a great silver balloon . 
 and there were whispers of a terrible ogre made entirely of chocolate , who lured unsuspecting souls with that rich promising smell , only to cast them down a bottomless pit from which there was no return . 
 in a world where memories bleach clean from the fabric of time , rumors become more important than that which is actually known . 
 they are the life 's blood of the bloodless world that lies between life and death . 
 on a day much like any other in everlost , one boy was about to find out if those rumors were true . 
 his name is unimportant -- so unimportant that he himself had forgotten it -- and less important still , because in a brief time he will be gone forever . 
 he had died about two years earlier , and , having lost his way to the light , he slept for nine months , then had woken up in everlost . 
 the boy was a wanderer , solitary and silent , hiding from others who crossed his path , for fear of what they might do to him . 
 without camaraderie and friendship to remind him who he was , he forgot his identity more quickly than most . 
 on the occasions that he did come across packs of other afterlight kids , he would listen to them from his hiding spot as they shared with each other the rumors of monsters , so he knew as well as any other afterlight what lay in store for the unwary . 
 when the boy had first crossed into everlost , his wanderings had a purpose . 
 he had begun in search of answers , but now he had even forgotten the questions . 
 all that remained was an urge to keep moving , resting only when he came across a deadspot -- a solid , bright patch of earth that had , like him , crossed into everlost . 
 he had learned very quickly that deadspots were unlike the faded , unfocused world of the living , where every footfall pulled you ankle-deep , and threatened to take you all the way down to the center of the earth if you stood still for too long . 
 on this day , his wanderings had brought him to a field full of deadspots -- he had never seen so many in one place ... but what really caught his attention was the bucket of popcorn . 
 it just sat there on a deadspot , beside a huge everlost tree , like it had no better place to be . 
 somehow , the popcorn had crossed over ! 
 the dead boy had not had the luxury of food since arriving in everlost -- and just because he did n't need to eat anymore , it did n't mean the cravings ended -- so how could he resist that popcorn ? 
 it was the largest size , too -- the kind you order with big eyes in the movie theater , but can never finish . 
 even now the corn inside glistened with butter . 
 it seemed too good to be true ! 
 turns out , it was . 
 as he stepped onto the deadspot and reached for the tub , he felt a trip wire against his ankle , and in an instant a net pulled up around him , lifting him off the ground . 
 only after he was fully snared within the net did he realize his mistake . 
 he had heard of the monster that called itself the mcgill , and his soul traps -- but he had also heard that the mcgill had traveled far away , and was now wreaking fresh havoc across the atlantic ocean . 
 so then , who had set this trap ? 
 and why ? 
 he struggled to free himself , but it was no use -- his only consolation was that the bucket of popcorn was trapped in the net with him , and although half of its contents had spilled onto the ground , half still remained . 
 he savored every single kernel , and when he was done , he waited , and he waited . 
 day became night , became day over and over , until he lost track of time , and he began to fear that his eternity would be spent strung up in this net ... . 
 until he finally heard a faint droning sound -- some sort of engine approaching from the north . 
 the sound was echoed from the south -- but then , as both sounds grew louder , he realized it was n't an echo at all . 
 the sounds were different . 
 he was being approached on two sides . 
 were these other afterlights coming for him , or were they monsters ? 
 would he be freed , or would he become the victim of fresh havoc himself ? 
 the faint memory of a heart pounded in his ghostly chest , and as the whine of engines grew louder , he waited to see who would reach him first . 
 chapter 2 the view on high miss mary , one of our lookouts spotted a trap that 's sprung . '' 
 `` excellent news ! 
 tell speedo to bring us down close , but not too close -- we do n't want to frighten our new friend . '' 
 mary hightower was in her element this far from the ground . 
 not so high as the living flew , where even the clouds were so far below , they seemed painted on the earth , but here , in that gap between earth and the heavens , is where she felt at home . 
 she was queen of the hindenburg , and she liked that just fine . 
 the massive silver airship -- the largest zeppelin ever built -- had gone up in a ball of flames way back in 1937 , leaving the living world and crossing into everlost . 
 mary , who believed all things happened for a reason , knew why it had exploded : it had crossed into everlost for her . 
 the starboard promenade , which ran the full length of the passenger compartment , was her plush personal retreat , and her center of operations . 
 its downward-slanted windows gave her a dramatic view of the ground below : the washed-out hues of the living world , speckled with features both man-made and natural that stood out more boldly than the rest . 
 those were the places that had crossed into everlost . 
 trees and fields , buildings and roads . 
 while afterlights could still see the living world , it was blurred and faded . 
 only things and places that had crossed into everlost appeared bright and in sharp focus . 
 mary estimated that one in a hundred things that died or were destroyed crossed into everlost . 
 the universe was very selective in what it chose to keep . 
 only now , as she spent her days riding the skies , did she realize she had stayed put for way too long . 
 she had missed so much up in her towers -- but then the towers were a citadel against her brother , mikey -- the monster who called himself the mcgill . 
 mikey had been defeated . 
 he was harmless now . 
 and now mary no longer had to wait for afterlights to find her . 
 she could go out and find them herself . 
 `` why are you always looking out of those windows ? '' 
 speedo would ask her , when he took a break from piloting the airship . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 `` a world of ghosts , '' she would tell him . 
 speedo had no idea that the ghosts she spoke of were the so-called living . 
 how insubstantial that world was . 
 nothing in it lasted , not places , not people . 
 it was a world full of pointless pursuits that always ended the same way . 
 a tunnel , and surrender . 
 well , not always , she thought happily . 
 not for everyone . 
 `` i 'd still rather be alive , '' speedo would say whenever she spoke of how blessed they were to be here in everlost . 
 `` if i had lived , '' mary would remind him , `` i 'd be long dead by now ... and you 'd probably be a fat , bald accountant . '' 
 then speedo would look at his slight physique , dripping wet -- always dripping wet in the bathing suit he died in -- to reassure himself that he 'd never have grown fat and bald , had he lived . 
 but mary knew better . 
 adulthood can do the most horrific things to the best of people . 
 mary much preferred being fifteen forever . 
 mary took a moment to gather herself and prepare to greet the new arrival . 
 she would do it personally . 
 it was her way , and it was the least she could do . 
 she would be the first out of the ship -- a slender figure in a plush green velvet dress , and with a perfect fall of copper hair , descending the ramp from the impossibly huge hydrogen airship . 
 this is how it was done . 
 with class , with style . 
 the personal touch . 
 all new arrivals would know from the first moment they met her that she loved each and every child in her care and they were safe under her capable protection . 
 as she left the starboard promenade , she passed other children in the common areas of the ship . 
 she had collected forty-seven of them . 
 in her days at the towers , there had been many , many more -- but nick had taken them from her . 
 he had betrayed her , handing each of her children the key to their own undoing . 
 he had placed a coin in each of their hands . 
 the coins ! 
 those horrid little reminders that a true death did await all of them if they were foolish enough to seek it -- and just because there was a light at the end of the tunnel , it did n't mean it was something to be desired . 
 not the way mary saw it . 
 heaven might shine bright , but so do flames . 
 as the ship descended , mary went to the control car -- the ship 's bridge which hung from the belly of the giant craft . 
 from there she would have the best view as they descended . 
 `` we should touch down in a few minutes , '' speedo told her , as he intently piloted the sleek silver beast . 
 he was one of the few afterlights to refuse to take a coin on the day nick betrayed her . 
 that had earned him a special place . 
 a position of trust and responsibility . 
 `` look at that field . '' 
 speedo pointed it out . 
 `` do you see all those deadspots ? '' 
 from the air it looked like a hundred random polka dots on the ground . 
 `` there must have been a battle here once , '' mary suggested . 
 `` perhaps the revolutionary war . '' 
 there was one everlost tree , standing on its own deadspot . 
 `` the trap is in that tree , '' speedo told her as they neared the ground . 
 it was a grand tree , its leaves full of rich reds and yellows , set apart from the greener summertime trees of the living world . 
 for this tree it would always be the early days of fall , but the leaves would never drop from its branches . 
 mary wondered what had caused it to cross over . 
 perhaps lovers had carved their initials in it , and then it was struck by lightning . 
 perhaps it was planted in someone 's memory , but was then cut down . 
 or maybe it simply soaked up the blood of a fallen soldier , and died years later in a drought . 
 for whatever reason , the tree did n't die entirely . 
 instead it crossed into everlost , like so many things that the universe saw fit to preserve . 
 the foliage of the tree was so dense , they could n't see the trap , even after they had touched down . 
 `` i 'll go first , '' mary said . 
 `` but i 'd like you to come too . 
 i 'll need you to free our new friend from the net . '' 
 `` of course , miss mary . '' 
 speedo smiled a smile that was slightly too large for his face . 
 the ramp was lowered , and mary stepped from the airship to the earth , keeping the grace of her stride even as her feet sank almost to her ankles in the living world with each step . 
 but as she got closer to the tree , she saw that something was terribly , terribly wrong . 
 the net had been taken down , and there was no afterlight inside . 
 all that remained was the empty popcorn tub on the ground -- the bait she had left , just as her brother used to -- but while the mcgill offered his captives slavery , mary offered them freedom . 
 or at least her definition of it . 
 but there was no afterlight in the net to receive her gift today . 
 `` musta gotten out , '' speedo said as he came up behind her . 
 mary shook her head . 
 `` no one gets out of these nets . '' 
 and then a scent came to her from the tree . 
 it was a sweet , heady aroma that filled her with a rich blend of love , swirled with loathing . 
 the aroma was coming from a brown handprint on the trunk of the tree . 
 a handprint left there to mock her . 
 `` is that dried blood ? '' 
 speedo asked . 
 `` no , '' she told him , maintaining her poise in spite of the fury that raged within her . 
 `` it 's chocolate . '' 
 in her book caution , this means you , mary hightower says the following about the `` evils '' of the chocolate one : `` wise afterlights would do well to heed the many warnings relating to the creature known as the chocolate ogre . 
 he is a force of chaos and distress in this world . 
 indeed , everlost itself shakes in fury at his terrible misdeeds . 
 if there is justice in this world -- and i believe there most certainly is -- he will be held accountable when he meets his maker . 
 should the ogre be seen anywhere near your vicinity , it is best to seek shelter , and immediately report his presence to an authority . '' 
 by `` authority , '' one can only assume that mary means herself . 
 chapter 3 audience with an ogre it was an old steam engine , forged and destroyed in the nineteenth century , but so well-loved by its conductor that it earned a place in everlost . 
 of course it could travel only on tracks that no longer existed . 
 such were the inconveniences of life after life . 
 a kid with hands much too large for his body , and with a cigarette that never went out dangling from his lip , had freed the boy from mary 's net . 
 now he gripped the kid 's arm a little too hard as he moved him through fields and woods toward the waiting train . 
 `` whose train is it ? '' 
 the boy asked in a panic , `` what 's gon na happen to me ? '' 
 `` do n't ask stupid questions , '' said the kid with big hands , `` or i 'll send you down soon as look at you , i swear i will . '' 
 then he pushed the boy up the steps and into a parlor car . 
 the smell hit him right away . 
 `` oh , no ! 
 no ! '' 
 as wonderful as that chocolate smell was , it could only mean one thing . 
 the rumors were true , and he was doomed . 
 at the other end of the car sat a figure wearing a tie and a white shirt , although the shirt had become stained with countless brown smudges . 
 so was the rich red carpet . 
 so were the red velvet chairs . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' the chocolate ogre said -- which was always what monsters said when you really should be afraid . 
 light poured in from the windows into the frightened boy 's eyes , so he could n't see the face of the ogre clearly , but then the ogre stood and came into the light . 
 all at once everything became clear . 
 it was as if someone had dipped the entire left half of his face in a fudge bucket . 
 it seemed to ooze right out of his pores -- even the color of his left eye had gone chocolate-brown . 
 it was the other half of his face that was the more surprising , for that half did not look monstrous at all . 
 in fact the right side of his face looked like that of an ordinary fifteen-year-old boy . 
 `` let me go , '' the terrified afterlight begged . 
 `` i 'll do anything you want , just let me go . '' 
 `` i will , '' said the chocolate ogre . 
 `` even better than letting you go , i 'll send you on your way . '' 
 that did not sound good , and the boy waited for the bottomless pit to open beneath his feet . 
 but that did n't happen . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the ogre asked . 
 it was something the boy had not thought about for a long time . 
 `` i 'm ... me . '' 
 the chocolate ogre nodded . 
 `` you ca n't remember . 
 that 's okay . '' 
 then the ogre held out his hand to shake . 
 `` i 'm nick . '' 
 the boy looked at the ogre 's hand , and did n't know how to respond . 
 it was much cleaner than the other one , which was totally covered in chocolate -- but still even his `` clean '' hand had plenty of stains , probably from touching all the other chocolate-splattered things on the train . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 you did n't expect the ` chocolate ogre , ' to actually have a name ? '' 
 his smile made chocolate drip from his cheek and to the darkly stained carpet . 
 then the big-handed kid , still standing behind the boy , nudged his shoulder hard . 
 `` shake his hand -- you 're being rude ! '' 
 the boy did as he was told -- he shook the ogre 's hand , and when he brought his hand back , there was chocolate on it . 
 even in his fear , that chocolate on his hand looked better to him than the popcorn had . 
 as if reading his mind , the ogre said , `` go ahead -- it 's real , and it 's just as good as when you were alive . '' 
 and although the boy sensed this was a trick -- that maybe it was somehow poisoned , or worse -- he raised his fingers to his lips , and licked the chocolate off . 
 the ogre was right -- it was real and it was good . 
 the ogre pointed to his face . 
 `` the only good thing about it is that i get to share . '' 
 `` and it 's milk chocolate today , '' said the kid with big hands . 
 `` you must be in a good mood . '' 
 the chocolate ogre shrugged . 
 `` any day i save someone from mary is a good day . '' 
 this monster was being far too friendly . 
 the boy would have much preferred a fiery temper . 
 at least then he would have known exactly where he stood . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm not going to do anything . 
 the question is , what are you going to do ? '' 
 he folded his arms . 
 `` you crossed over with a coin . 
 do you remember what happened to it ? '' 
 the boy shrugged . 
 `` it was just a slug , '' he said . 
 `` i threw it away . '' 
 then the chocolate ogre reached into a rusty gray bucket . 
 `` hmm ... looks like i found it . '' 
 he pulled a coin out of the bucket and held it out to the boy . 
 `` take it . '' 
 and when he hesitated , the big-handed kid behind him nudged him again . 
 the boy took the coin . 
 it did look much like the slug he had tossed when he first arrived . 
 `` tell me how it feels in your hand , '' the ogre said . 
 `` it feels warm . '' 
 the ogre smiled . 
 `` good . 
 very good . 
 now you have a choice . 
 you can keep holding it in your hand ... or you can put it into your pocket , and save it for another time . '' 
 `` what happens if i hold it ? '' 
 `` i really do n't know . 
 maybe you can tell me . '' 
 and although the boy had not been this frightened since his first days in everlost , there was a certain comfort coming from the coin itself . 
 it filled his hand with a relaxing warmth -- a sense of peace that was already radiating from his hand to his arm , to his entire spirit . 
 his afterglow -- the faint aura of light that every afterlight radiated -- seemed to grow brighter . 
 before he could change his mind , he closed his fist on the coin which grew ever warmer in his hand , and in a moment , space itself seemed to split before him , revealing a tunnel . 
 its walls were blacker than black , but at some impossible distance ahead was a light , as bright as the walls were dark . 
 why , this was n't a bottomless pit at all ! 
 he had seen this before ! 
 yes ! 
 he had seen it the very moment he -- '' -- jason ! '' 
 he shouted joyfully . 
 `` my name is jason ! '' 
 the ogre nodded . 
 `` have a safe trip , jason . '' 
 he wanted to thank the chocolate ogre , but he found he was already too far away , shooting down the tunnel , finally on his way to where he was going . 
 a rainbow sparkling of light , a shimmer in the air like heat on a summer road , and the boy was gone . 
 `` they never tell what they see , '' complained johnnie-o , cracking his oversized knuckles . 
 `` you 'd think at least one of them would . '' 
 `` if you really want to know what they see , '' said nick , `` then take a coin yourself . '' 
 johnnie-o shifted his shoulders uncomfortably . 
 `` naah , '' he said , `` i 'm not done makin ' your life miserable . '' 
 nick had to laugh . 
 with all of johnnie-o 's tough-guy attitude , he had turned out to be a solid friend . 
 of course it had n't started that way . 
 johnnie-o was none too happy when nick showed up with his magic bucket of coins . 
 that bucket , like the fortune cookies , like the coins themselves , were a gift from the unknown places beyond the tunnel -- because the bucket was never empty as long as there was a soul who needed a coin . 
 nick thought he 'd have to search far and wide for those coins , and the fact that the bucket would refill itself the moment no one was looking was a sign to nick that he was doing the right thing . 
 johnnie-o had watched as every member of his gang took a coin , and completed their journey out of everlost . 
 why johnnie-o did n't use his own coin is something only he could know -- nick never asked him why -- such a decision was too personal to ever question . 
 `` i 'll send you down ! '' 
 johnnie-o had screamed the day his gang took their coins and disappeared . 
 `` even if i got ta go down to the center of the earth with you , i 'll send you down ! '' 
 and he had almost done it too . 
 he and nick had fought and struggled until both were chest deep in the earth . 
 but when johnnie-o realized he really would go down along with nick , he backed off , pulled himself out , and let nick pull himself out as well . 
 nick liked to think that , in the end , johnnie-o realized that giving those kids a ticket out of everlost was the right thing to do . 
 nick liked to think johnnie-o respected him for it . 
 of course johnnie-o would never admit that aloud , but the fact that he stayed with nick , and helped him in his own intimidating way , was proof enough for nick . 
 with the boy dispatched to his destination , nick went up to the train 's engine , where a nine-year-old who called himself choo-choo charlie stoked the boiler and studied a map that he had drawn himself . 
 aside from charlie 's map , no one had ever made a record of everlost 's rail lines . 
 `` d'ya think mary would put my map in one of her books ? '' 
 charlie asked . 
 `` mary wo n't put anything in her books that does n't help mary , '' nick told him . 
 `` you 'd probably have to draw a map where all roads lead to her . '' 
 charlie laughed . 
 `` most of 'em kinda do , '' he said . 
 `` she 's got her fingers in everything . '' 
 then he got a little quiet . 
 a little scared , maybe . 
 `` d'ya think she knows i 'm helping you ? '' 
 `` she 'll forgive you , '' nick said . 
 `` she prides herself on how forgiving she is . 
 she 'd even forgive me if i gave up my ` evil ways . ' 
 anyway , you 're not ` helping me ' -- i 've hired you , and business is business , right ? '' 
 then nick handed charlie a mug full of chocolate . 
 payment for his services . 
 `` someday i 'm gon na get tired of this stuff , '' charlie warned . 
 `` well , '' said nick , `` it 's all i 've got to give . '' 
 charlie shrugged it off . 
 `` no worries . 
 i can always trade it for something else . '' 
 he was right about that . 
 as awful as nick 's affliction was , in everlost dripping chocolate was like dripping gold . 
 it was his bad luck to die at fourteen with a chocolate smudge on his face , and as he forgot more and more of his life on earth , that little smudge spread . 
 in everlost , we are what we remember , mary had once told him . 
 so why did he have to remember that stupid chocolate stain ? 
 allie -- who had died in the same accident as nick -- had never laughed at nick because of it . 
 and when other kids in mary 's domain had taken to calling him `` hershey , '' she helped him fight to keep his memories and his name . 
 the thought of allie saddened him . 
 they had arrived here together , and had journeyed through everlost together . 
 he had always felt that their fates were somehow intertwined , but they had both gone their separate ways , and nick never even had the chance to say good-bye . 
 no doubt allie finally made her way home to find what became of her family . 
 he wondered if she ever took hold of her coin , and completed her journey . 
 he hoped she had , but another , more selfish side of himself hoped that she remained here in everlost , so he might see her again someday . 
 `` look , '' said charlie , `` mary 's already leaving . '' 
 sure enough , nick could see the hindenburg in the distance , rising up to the sky . 
 `` i should have stayed there by that tree , '' nick said . 
 `` then she 'd have to face me . '' 
 `` would n't work , '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` if she saw you there , she 'd never get out of that ship . '' 
 johnnie-o was , right , of course . 
 still , nick longed for the moment they came face-to-face . 
 it was n't just about seeing her frustration -- it was about seeing her . 
 being close to her again . 
 in spite of everything , he still loved her . 
 it made no sense to charlie or johnnie-o , but it made perfect sense to nick , because he understood mary more than she understood herself . 
 she was a victim of her own righteous nature -- a slave to the order she tried to impose on everlost . 
 if he could , nick would open her eyes to the truth of it , making her see that she was creating far more harm than good . 
 then , he would be there to comfort her in that moment of revelation , when all she believed about herself crumbled before her . 
 once she understood what was truly right , nick had to believe she would embrace it , and together they would free as many souls from everlost as they could . 
 this was the mary he loved . 
 the mary that could be . 
 each time nick arrived at one of her traps , and freed one of her snagged souls , he hoped for that moment of confrontation , where her anger would be undermined by the love he knew she felt for him . 
 but she never came forward to face him . 
 instead , mary always left without affording him the dignity of a proper slap in the face . 
 `` she 's heading northwest , '' charlie said . 
 `` d'ya want to follow her again ? '' 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 nick asked . 
 charlie looked at his map . 
 `` somewhere in virginia . 
 east of richmond . '' 
 this was the farthest south they 'd ever been -- but there were afterlights who nick had come across , who spoke of things even farther south than this . 
 rumors . 
 things that could not be believed in the living world , but in everlost , anything was possible . 
 so mary would not face him -- and now he suspected she never would without a full-out war . 
 there was no question her soul traps were all about gathering up an army . 
 fine , mary , thought nick . 
 if that 's what you want , then i 'll play . 
 `` head south . '' 
 charlie shook his head . 
 `` ca n't . 
 i have n't charted any tracks south of virginia . 
 why d'ya wan na go south anyway ? 
 nothing there but the everwild . '' 
 nick grunted in frustration at the mention of it . 
 `` that 's all i ever hear ! 
 everwild to the north , everwild to the west , everwild to the south -- '' `` hey , it 's not my fault no one knows what 's out there ! '' 
 `` and to the afterlights there , we 're in the everwild . '' 
 perhaps the living world had finally connected coast-to-coast and around the world , but everlost was a new frontier . 
 it was just like the days when america was still the new world , and no one knew what breathtaking vistas and unforeseen dangers lay over the next ridge . 
 perhaps the unknown would n't have been so daunting if they had an entire crew -- but unlike mary , nick had n't been interested in collecting followers . 
 his job was to get rid of them , which made it hard to maintain more than just the barest of skeleton crews -- namely , himself , charlie , and johnnie-o . 
 it was time to change all that . 
 `` come on , charlie -- let 's tame the everwild ! 
 we 'll chart the rails , and mark the deadspots on the way ! '' 
 and although charlie was reluctant to travel to places unknown , nick knew he was tempted . 
 there was a certain excitement in breaking away from the familiar , and shattering old routines . 
 `` we 'll need to look for a finder who can trade us the paper we 'll need to make a new map , '' said charlie , `` but until then i can scratch the map into the engine bulkhead . '' 
 nick slapped him on the back , leaving an accidental chocolate stain . 
 `` let 's get started , then . 
 we 'll get to the southern afterlights before mary can ! '' 
 with the furnace blazing on the memory of coal , the steam engine headed south into a vast unknowable wild . 
 chapter 4 the outcast on a warm june afternoon , two finders came to a small-town diner that had burned down many years before . 
 the living world had paved over the spot , and turned it into a parking lot for the bank next door , but in everlost , the diner remained , its chrome siding shining in the afternoon sun . 
 it was the only building in town that had crossed , and so had become a home to about a dozen afterlights . 
 the finders , a boy and a girl , arrived riding a horse . 
 this was unheard of . 
 well , not entirely unheard of . 
 there were stories about one finder in particular who traveled on the only horse ever known to have crossed into everlost -- and it was said she did travel with a companion , although he never played into the stories much . 
 as the kids stepped out of the diner , they kept their distance , wanting to , but also afraid to believe that this could be the finder of legend . 
 the cluster of afterlights were young -- and the oldest girl from the diner -lrb- who , not surprisingly called herself `` dinah '' -rrb- was their leader . 
 she was ten when she had died , and the thing she remembered about herself more than anything else was that she had long , luxurious hair -- so now it trailed behind her like a smooth amber bridal train . 
 it had been a while since finders had come to town , and their arrival always began with hope , and ended with disappointment . 
 finders were endlessly searching out objects that crossed into everlost , bartering and trading the items they found for things of greater value . 
 but nothing much crossed here . 
 the finders usually left with a sneer and did n't come back . 
 `` sorry , '' dinah said to the two , as they got off their horse . 
 `` we do n't have much to trade . 
 just this . '' 
 and she held out a shoelace . 
 the boy laughed . 
 `` the lace crossed , but not the shoe that went with it ? '' 
 dinah shrugged . 
 she expected this reaction . 
 `` it 's what we 've got . 
 if you want it , then give us something in return . 
 if not , then leave . '' 
 she looked over at the girl , daring to ask what the younger kids in her care were too afraid to ask . 
 `` you have a name ? '' 
 the girl smiled . 
 `` if you want my name , it 'll cost you a shoelace . '' 
 dinah pulled the shoelace back , shoving it in her pocket . 
 `` a name 's not even worth that much here . 
 it 's probably made up anyway , like everyone else 's . '' 
 the girl finder grinned again . 
 `` i think i have something to trade for the lace . '' 
 then she reached into a saddlebag and pulled out a shimmering ornament that said baby 's first christmas . 
 all the younger kids oohed and ahhed , but dinah kept her stony expression . 
 `` that 's worth more than a shoelace . 
 and finders do n't just give things away . '' 
 `` consider it a gift of good will , '' the girl said , `` from allie the outcast . '' 
 this was the moment allie loved most . 
 the gasps , and the expressions on their faces . 
 some would believe she was who she claimed to be , others would have their doubts , but by the time she left , they would all believe -- because it was true , and she liked to believe that truth did make itself clear in the end . 
 the young afterlights , who had been so standoffish just a moment ago , now crowded around her , bombarding her with questions . 
 `` you 're allie the outcast ? '' 
 `` is it true you can skinjack ? '' 
 `` is it true you spit in the face of the sky witch ? '' 
 `` is it true you charmed the mcgill like a snake ? '' 
 she glanced at mikey , who was not at all amused . 
 `` i admit nothing , '' allie said with a smirk , which just made them believe it all the more . 
 dinah , however was only partially convinced . 
 `` all right , if you are who you say you are , then let 's see you skinjack . '' 
 the kids all voiced their nervous approval of the suggestion . 
 `` go on -- there 's plenty of fleshies around . '' 
 allie looked around them , and sure enough the moving blurs of the living swept by them on the street , so easy to tune out when one was n't looking . 
 `` i 'm not a circus act , '' allie said sternly . 
 `` i do n't perform on command . '' 
 dinah backed off , then turned her eyes to the other half of the team . 
 `` so if she 's allie the outcast , who are you ? '' 
 `` my name 's mikey . '' 
 dinah laughed . 
 `` not much of a name for a finder . '' 
 `` fine , '' he said , clenching his fists by his side . 
 `` then i 'm the mcgill . '' 
 but that just made all the other kids laugh too , and mikey , who had a low threshold when it came to being mocked , stormed away . 
 allie still held the ornament out to dinah , but she did n't accept it . 
 a small boy that had been hiding in dinah 's long trailing hair peered out . 
 `` please , dinah ... ca n't we keep it ? '' 
 but dinah shushed him . 
 `` do other finders come this way ? '' 
 allie asked . 
 dinah paused purposefully before answering , perhaps to make it clear that she was in control of the conversation . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 `` well , i 'll give you this ornament , '' allie said , `` if you promise to save all your really good finds for me . '' 
 `` we promise , allie , '' all the little kids said . 
 `` we promise . '' 
 dinah nodded , reluctantly giving in to the wishes of the others , and took the ornament from allie . 
 `` you also have to promise one more thing . '' 
 dinah 's face hardened . 
 allie could tell by that look on her face that although she appeared to be no older than ten , she was an old , old soul . 
 `` what do i have to promise ? '' 
 `` that if mary the sky witch ever darkens the sky with her great balloon , you 'll hide , and you wo n't let her take you away . '' 
 the kids all looked to dinah for guidance . 
 `` then who will protect us from the chocolate ogre ? '' 
 dinah asked . 
 `` who will protect us from the mcgill ? '' 
 `` it looks like you 've done a pretty good job yourself , '' allie told her . 
 `` and besides , there 's no reason to fear the mcgill or the chocolate ogre . 
 mary 's the one you need to worry about . '' 
 they all nodded but seemed unconvinced -- after all she was the outcast . 
 no matter how starstruck they might be , allie 's advice was suspect . 
 dinah gave the ornament to one of the other children . 
 `` hang it on the coatrack , '' she told him . 
 `` it 's the closest thing we have to a christmas tree . '' 
 then she turned back to allie . 
 `` we 'll keep our promise ; we 'll save the best finds for you . '' 
 it was a satisfactory business deal . 
 she had won the loyalty of many groups of afterlights . 
 no -- not groups -- vapors , she thought , with a bitter little shake of the head . 
 in one of mary 's annoying little etiquette books , she had insisted that a gathering of afterlights was properly referred to as `` a vapor . '' 
 a flock of birds , a gaggle of geese , and a vapor of afterlights . 
 it irritated allie no end that mary so effectively determined the language they all used . 
 allie would n't have been surprised if mary herself had coined the name `` everlost . '' 
 allie found mikey a street away , stomping on a huge lawn , watching the ripples it created in the living world . 
 he seemed embarrassed to be caught doing something so childlike . 
 allie tried to hide her smile , because she knew it would embarrass him even more . 
 `` are we done here ? '' 
 mikey asked . 
 `` yes . 
 where to next ? '' 
 allie made room for him on the horse -- letting him ride in front of her , holding the reins . 
 in so many other ways he had taken a backseat to her , the least she could do was allow him the dignity of deciding where their travels would take them . 
 `` i have an idea where we should go , '' mikey said . 
 `` it 's not too far from here . '' 
 allie had learned that being a finder was mostly about luck , and keen skills of observation . 
 some finders were hearse-chasers . 
 that is to say , they lingered around the dying , hoping they might drop something in everlost while crossing to the other side . 
 but the best finds were always made quite by accident , and the best trades were made by being shrewd but honest . 
 even now the horse 's makeshift saddlebag was full of crossed items -- a crystal doorknob , an empty picture frame , a well-worn teddy bear . 
 in everlost all these things were treasures . 
 but locating and trading crossed objects was only part of a finder 's job . 
 their real mystique came from their stories -- because while most afterlights stayed put , finders traveled . 
 they saw more , heard more than others , and spread the tales wherever they went . 
 this is exactly the reason why allie had decided to become one . 
 when allie first arrived in everlost , she had heard tales of monsters and miracles , terror and salvation -- but now she had some measure of control over the tales being told . 
 she could spread the word that mary was the real monster of everlost and try to set people straight about nick . 
 a chocolate ogre ? 
 hah ! 
 nick did n't have an ogreish bone in his body , so to speak . 
 the problem was , mary was far better at spreading her misinformation . 
 it was much easier for other afterlights to believe that beauty and virtue went hand in hand . 
 however , tales of allie the outcast were being spread far and wide too . 
 not all of them were true , of course , but she was developing quite a reputation as everlost 's loose cannon . 
 that got her a certain amount of respect . 
 she could grow used to that . 
 in fact , she already had . 
 cape may : population 4034 in winter , and at least ten times that in the summer . 
 it 's the farthest south you can go in new jersey . 
 everything after that is water . 
 allie stood in front of the town 's quaint welcome sign , frozen by the sight of it . 
 `` you 're sinking , '' said mikey , who was still on the horse . 
 shiloh the horse , having grown accustomed to the strange texture of the living world , kept pulling its hooves out of the ground with a sucking sound , as if it were slowly prancing in place . 
 allie on the other hand , was already in the ground to her knees . 
 she reached up , and mikey helped her out of the ground . 
 `` that 's it , is n't it ? '' 
 mikey asked . 
 `` cape may ? 
 i remember you said you lived in cape may . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 with all their wanderings , allie had lost her sense of direction . 
 she had no idea they were this close to her home . 
 `` it 's what you wanted , is n't it ? 
 to go home ? '' 
 `` yes ... from the very beginning . '' 
 mikey hopped off the horse and stood beside her . 
 `` back on my ship , i used to watch you look out to shore . 
 you had such a longing to go home . 
 you do n't know how close i came to taking you there , even then . '' 
 allie smirked . 
 `` and you called yourself a monster . '' 
 mikey was suitably insulted . 
 `` i was an excellent monster ! 
 the one true monster of everlost ! '' '' 
 ` hear your name and tremble . ' '' 
 mikey looked away . 
 `` no one trembles anymore . '' 
 allie was mad at herself for mocking him . 
 he did n't deserve that . 
 she touched his face gently . 
 to look at him now , you 'd never guess that the fair skinned , blue-eyed boy was once the terrifying mcgill , but every once in a while allie could still see a bit of the beast in him . 
 it was there in the shortness of his temper , and the clumsiness of his hands , as if they were still claws . 
 it was there in the way he approached the world -- as if it still owed him something . 
 yes , the monster still lingered there inside him , but his face was that of a boy , attractive by any standards , if somewhat doleful . 
 `` i like you much better this way . '' 
 `` why should i care ? '' 
 but he smiled , because he did care and they both knew it . 
 `` you must teach me to be human again , '' he had told her , when he first lost his monstrous form . 
 since then , she had done everything in her power to do so . 
 it was in small moments like these that she caught glimpses of his successful steps back from being a monster . 
 how long ago had that been ? 
 as is the way in everlost , the days had blended until there was no telling . 
 weeks ? 
 months ? 
 years ? 
 certainly not years ! 
 `` so , '' he asked , `` does bringing you home make me more human ? '' 
 `` yes , it does . '' 
 even his selflessness was wrapped in self-interest . 
 it would have bothered her , but she knew that he would have done this for her anyway , even if it had no benefit for him . 
 it made him different from his sister , for while mary pretended to serve others , deep down she was serving no one but herself . 
 `` just remember -- i ca n't help you if you sink , '' mikey said . 
 `` you know how it is when you go home -- you 'll be sinking too fast for me to ever catch you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she was well aware of the dangers of going home -- not just because of mary 's everlost-for-idiots warnings , but because of mikey 's firsthand account . 
 home , he had told her , had a certain gravity to an afterlight . 
 the ground becomes more and more like quicksand the closer to home one gets . 
 mikey had told allie how he and his sister had gone home more than a hundred years ago , shortly after they died . 
 the moment he saw how life had gone on without them , mikey sunk into the ground in a matter of seconds . 
 mary had been lucky -- somehow she had avoided his fate . 
 she never had to endure that long , slow journey down to the center of the earth . 
 mikey , however , had discovered a skill -- perhaps the rarest of all everlost skills . 
 his will was so great that he could force change upon himself -- his hands turned to claws , tugging at the earth around him . 
 his memory of flesh was replaced by a full body scar , thick as leather and as pocked as the surface of the moon . 
 he made himself a monster , and as a monster he could rise , fighting the relentless pull of gravity year after year , until the day he broke surface . 
 but that was all over now . 
 he was mikey again , and he was slowly growing used to his old self , just as allie was growing accustomed to everlost . 
 yet through all of their travels , in the back of her mind , allie knew she had business left undone . 
 going home had been so important to her when she had first arrived here . 
 but somewhere along the line , it became something best saved for tomorrow , and then the tomorrow after that -- but unlike other afterlights , she did not forget her life on earth . 
 she did not forget her family , she did not forget her name . 
 she did n't know why she should be different from others . 
 not even mary wrote about such things in her books of questionable information . 
 but then , allie had powers that other afterlights did n't possess . 
 why she and no one else should have these powers was a mystery to her as well . 
 allie could skinjack . 
 the living might call it `` possession , '' but she much preferred the everlost term -- for she was not a demon taking control of a human being for evil purposes . 
 she merely `` borrowed '' people , wearing their bodies for a short time -- and only when absolutely necessary . 
 they made their way down the quaint main street of cape may . 
 the living went about their blurred , muffled business . 
 cars passed through allie and mikey , but they had grown accustomed to the flow of the living world through and around them so they barely noticed it anymore . 
 not even their horse did . 
 `` turn left here , '' allie told mikey at the next corner , and as they turned onto the street where she once lived , a sense of dread began to fill that place that ought to be filled with great joy and anticipation ... . 
 ... for what if her father had n't survived the crash after all ? 
 what if he went down that tunnel into the light in that terrible head-on collision , leaving her mother and sister to mourn for both of them ? 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 mikey knew something was wrong . 
 perhaps it was the way she sat so stiffly on the horse behind him , or perhaps their spirits had become so in tune , he could sense the things she felt . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 she also had another reason for her reluctance , and her mind was drawn to her coin . 
 it had been cold in her hand , which meant she was not ready to leave everlost . 
 she was not ready to move on . 
 now , as she thought about it , she realized why . 
 she would never be ready for that final journey until she went home , and saw the truth with her own eyes . 
 her whole everlost existence had been leading to this -- and yet she had stalled for as long as she could . 
 because going home meant completion . 
 once she learned what had become of her parents , there would be nothing holding her to everlost . 
 her coin would grow warm , and although she could resist it at first , she knew she would n't be able to resist it for long . 
 she would hold it in her hand , she would make the journey . 
 and she would lose mikey . 
 for this reason , her return to cape may was both something she longed for , and something she dreaded -- but she would not share such private feelings with mikey . 
 when they stood on her street , a pang came to her chest . 
 she knew she should n't be able to feel pain , but sometimes emotions could coalesce into phantom aches when they were strong enough . 
 `` there it is , '' she said . 
 `` the third house on the right . '' 
 home . 
 even in the faded tones of everlost , it looked just the same as she remembered . 
 an unassuming victorian house , white with blue trim . 
 her parents had moved to cape may to capture some rustic charm in a modern world , so they bought an old house with plumbing that rattled , and thin wiring that could never quite grasp the concept of computers and high-voltage appliances . 
 circuit breakers were constantly popping , and allie had complained endlessly about it when she was alive . 
 now she longed for the simple act of turning on a hair drier and plunging the house into darkness . 
 `` wait here , '' she told mikey . 
 `` i need to do this alone . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 she hopped down from the horse , already feeling an uncertainty in the ground beneath her . 
 it felt less like tar , and more like jell-o just before it sets . 
 she had to move fast . 
 `` good luck , '' mikey said . 
 she crossed the street toward her home , not looking back at mikey for fear that she might change her mind -- but rushing headlong to her front door was not wise either . 
 with the threat of sinking so very real , she needed someone who could carry her home safely . 
 someone like the ups man . 
 the brown truck turned onto the street , and stopped at a neighbor 's house . 
 the deliveryman pulled a package from the back of the truck , and carried it toward the neighbor 's front door . 
 allie followed him , preparing to make her move before he rang the neighbor 's bell . 
 skinjacking was not a pleasant sensation . 
 it was like diving into water that was too cold , or stepping into a tub that was too hot . 
 even though allie had gotten much better at it , the sudden sensation of flesh , and all that went with it , was always a shock . 
 she took a moment to brace herself , then she stepped inside the ups man -- -- three more hours -- i should just quit -- i ca n't quit but i wish i could -- three more hours -- ca n't quit -- wife would be furious -- but there 's got to be more work out there -- i never should have taken this job -- three more hours to go -- the chill of the air , the pumping of a heart , the sudden brightness -- solidness -- of the living world around her . 
 she was in ! 
 the volume of his thoughts was painful -- like they were being blasted through a megaphone . 
 -- three more hours -- but wait -- wait -- i do n't feel right -- what 's this ? 
 who -- huh -- what -- ? 
 allie quickly clamped her spirit down , taking control of his flesh , and at the same instant she forced his unsuspecting consciousness deep down into the limbic system -- that primordial part of the human brain where consciousness retreated during the deepest of sleeps . 
 it was easy to put him to sleep ; he was n't all that conscious to begin with . 
 she turned back to mikey , but he was invisible now , as she knew he would be . 
 she was seeing through living eyes now , seeing only the things that living eyes could see . 
 as long as she stayed inside the delivery man , everlost would be hidden from her . 
 once the initial shock of the skinjack had faded , she took a moment to enjoy it , luxuriating in the warmth of the sun on this warm june day . 
 even the heaviness of the package in her arms was a fine thing ; yet another memory of the wonderful limitations of being alive . 
 she lingered at the neighbor 's door a moment more , then left , taking the package with her to the front door of her own home . 
 then she stood at her own front door , frozen , just as she had been frozen at the city sign . 
 this was the moment she had waited for . 
 all she had to do was ring the bell . 
 all she had to do was lift her finger -- his finger -- and do it . 
 never had a living hand felt so heavy . 
 then , to her surprise , the door opened without her ever ringing the bell . 
 `` hi , is that package for us ? '' 
 the woman who opened the door was not her mother . 
 she was a total stranger . 
 she was in her twenties , and had a baby on her hip , who was very excited by the prospect of a large box . 
 `` just bring it in , and put it by the stairs , '' the woman said . 
 `` do i have to sign for it ? '' 
 `` uh ... uh ... it 's not for you . '' 
 allie cleared her throat , startled by the way she sounded . 
 she could never get used to the masculine timbre of her voice when she cross-jacked . 
 it was one of several troubling things that came with being temporarily male . 
 `` well , if it 's not for us , then who is it for ? '' 
 `` the johnson family . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asked , then realized . 
 `` oh , right . 
 we got things for them every once in a while , once the forwarding order expired . '' 
 they had moved -- but that could just be her mother and sister , who were n't in the car . 
 she still had no way of knowing if her father had survived . 
 `` any idea where they went ? '' 
 `` no , '' the woman said . 
 `` was n't there an accident ? '' 
 allie asked . 
 `` i heard about it -- they lost a daughter . '' 
 `` i would n't know about that . 
 sorry . '' 
 and then allie asked the big question . 
 `` how long have you been living here ? '' 
 `` almost three years now . '' 
 allie closed her eyes , and tried to take that in . 
 she had been in everlost for three years . 
 unchanged , never aging . 
 still fourteen . 
 how could so much time have passed ? 
 `` wait a second , '' the woman said . 
 `` of course , i ca n't be sure , but i seem to recall something about memphis . 
 i think that 's where they went . '' 
 it made sense -- her mother had family there ... but did that mean her father had died in the crash , and her mother had sold the house ? 
 there were so many questions still unanswered . 
 the woman shifted the baby to her other hip , getting impatient . 
 `` the neighbors might know more , but then a lot of them are just summer renters . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 sorry to have bothered you . '' 
 then the woman closed the door , to the protests of the baby , who began to wail over the fact that the box was not for him . 
 allie went to other homes on the street , but few neighbors were home , and the ones who did come to the door were clueless . 
 allie returned to the ups truck , took one last breath of the flavorful june air , then pulled herself out of the delivery man . 
 ending a skinjacking was as unpleasant as beginning one , and sometimes a fleshie who fit too well was hard to escape from -- especially when she 'd stayed inside for a while . 
 fortunately the ups man was not one of those . 
 she was able to extricate herself without too much effort , peeling him off like a loose-fitting robe . 
 she suffered a moment of vertigo , and the instinctive panic of spirit separating from flesh . 
 she endured the transition , and when she opened her eyes , the living world had faded to blurred , washed-out hues . 
 she was back in everlost . 
 beside her , the deliveryman stumbled for a moment , quickly shook off his confusion , and went to deliver his package to the proper house , never knowing that he had been skinjacked . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 mikey asked , coming up to her . 
 `` were they there ? 
 did you talk to them ? '' 
 `` they moved to memphis , '' she told him , still a bit dazed by it all . 
 mikey sighed . 
 `` so ... i suppose that means we 're going to tennessee . '' 
 she offered him an apologetic grin that was n't all that apologetic . 
 it was disheartening to know that her home was no longer hers , and troubling to have so far to go until she could find out the truth . 
 yet there was relief in it as well ... because memphis was far , far away , and that meant she would n't be losing mikey so quickly ! 
 looking at him now , he seemed taller . 
 majestic . 
 there was a reason for that . 
 `` you 're sinking , '' mikey said . 
 laughing , allie reached out to him . 
 he took her hand gently but firmly , and eased her out of the ground . 
 they left , but as they did , allie could n't help but look back toward the deliveryman , who was now heading back to his truck . 
 she could n't deny how much she enjoyed the lingering sensation of flesh . 
 each time she skinjacked , it felt more and more seductive . 
 in her book caution , this means you , mary hightower has this to say about the everwild : `` finders who survive excursions into the untamed corners of everlost tell stories of things strange , mystical , and dangerous . 
 whether or not these stories of the everwild are true do not matter to the sensible afterlight , for all sensible afterlights know that it 's best to leave the wild wild , and the unknown unknown . 
 venturing beyond one 's personal zone of safety is always ill-advised , and can only end in profound unpleasantness . '' 
 it is important to note that mary wrote this before she , herself , took to the skies . 
 chapter 5 southern discomfort nick had never seen a city with so many deadspots . 
 they were so numerous that they could hardly be called deadspots at all . 
 the city of atlanta belonged as much to everlost as it did to the living world . 
 the streets were part cobblestone , part asphalt , part dirt . 
 the night was lit by just as many gas lamps as modern street-lights . 
 buildings from multiple time periods seemed to occupy the same space , fighting to claim `` dominant reality . '' 
 it made it very clear to nick that as much as he thought he knew and understood everlost , he barely knew anything at all . 
 their train slowly , cautiously rolled forward on tracks that once carried the civil war dead . 
 then , as the train neared the center of atlanta , the living world road began to fill the train like an asphalt river . 
 `` we 're sinking ! '' 
 shouted johnnie-o . 
 `` we 're sinking into the earth ! 
 stop the train ! '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's it , '' said charlie . 
 `` it 's more like the street 's rising . 
 we 're still riding on tracks . '' 
 `` i have a feeling we 're in for a few more surprises , '' said nick . 
 * * * long ago , when the battle between locomotive and automobile came to atlanta , the city was caught in a dilemma . 
 atlanta , being the chief railroad city of the south , had so many trains , there was simply no room for cars . 
 then the city planners had a brilliant idea . 
 the words `` brilliant '' and `` city planning '' usually do n't go together . 
 however , in this instance , the solution was not only brilliant , it was elegant . 
 why not build roads above the train tracks ? 
 and so by building automobile viaducts above the central railroad gulch , the city of atlanta was effectively raised almost twenty feet . 
 the first floor of every building was now underground -- and second floors became the new ground floors . 
 then , as cars took over , and rail lines closed down , those old subterranean storefronts were forgotten . 
 thus was born underground atlanta -- and although modern business interests have turned parts of it into a mall , the real atlanta underground belongs to everlost . 
 the train rolled down the underground street in near darkness , but then the faint , pale blue glow of afterlights began to fill the street around them . 
 afterlights were quite literally coming out of the woodwork -- not dozens , but hundreds , and , like the buildings around them , these kids were from every era in history . 
 some held bricks , others metal pipes or bats -- but one thing was clear -- every single one of them was armed and prepared for a fight . 
 `` sticks and stones ca n't break my bones , '' said johnnie-o , reciting the familiar everlost rhyme . 
 `` but names can always hurt me , '' finished nick . 
 true enough , because an everlost name can define you , and not always for the better . 
 `` it 's not the sticks and stones i 'm worried about , '' nick said . 
 `` it 's that look in their eyes . '' 
 nick could see the intensity of their stares . 
 it was a look that spoke of first strikes against intruders . 
 these kids had a communal instinct for self-preservation that left no room for compassion . 
 `` if they want a fight , they 'll get one , '' said johnnie-o . 
 charlie looked at him , worried , and nick gripped charlie 's shoulder to ease his mind , leaving behind a brown handprint . 
 johnnie-o might think with his fists , but nick knew better than to provoke a fight here . 
 more and more kids flooded the street around them . 
 then , when it seemed that every afterlight in atlanta had come out of hiding , nick said , `` stop the train . '' 
 charlie turned to him , and nick swore that his afterglow grew a little pale . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` dead serious . '' 
 charlie gripped the brake lever , but made no move to stop the train , for his fear would not allow it . 
 `` but look -- they 're keeping out of our way . 
 if we just keep moving , we 'll make it through , doncha think ? '' 
 `` who says i want to make it through ? '' 
 charlie shook his head , as if trying to shake off the thought . 
 `` you ca n't be thinking of giving them all coins ! 
 there 's not enough in the world ! '' 
 but that was n't true ; the bucket was never empty . 
 still , it would n't be a good idea to start making kids disappear . 
 the mob would get confused and frightened . 
 the mob would attack . 
 nick , however , had another reason for making a pit stop here . 
 `` trust me , '' nick said , although he was n't really sure he trusted himself . 
 still , charlie sighed and pulled on the brake . 
 the steam engine came to a wheezing , shuddering halt . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 asked johnnie-o . 
 nick reached for the door . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 johnnie-o stepped in front of him . 
 `` i 'm going with you . '' 
 `` no ... . 
 your hands might scare them . '' 
 johnnie-o smirked . 
 `` and your face wo n't ? '' 
 he had a point . 
 `` okay , '' said nick , `` but you 've got to lose that scowl . 
 i want you to smile like an idiot . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 johnnie-o took a deep breath and smiled like the best of idiots . 
 he did it so well , it was scary . 
 probably scary enough for the kids outside to throw bricks . 
 so nick pulled johnnie-o aside and whispered to him . 
 `` actually , i 'm more worried about charlie panicking . 
 it might be a good idea to keep an eye on him . '' 
 the grin left johnnie-o 's face , and he nodded , accepting this new security detail . 
 `` on second thought , '' he said loudly , `` maybe i 'll stay here and keep my buddy charlie company . '' 
 charlie seemed relieved to know he was n't being left alone . 
 nick opened the door and stepped down from the engine . 
 around him the afterlights of atlanta backed away , cautious and guarded . 
 he did n't know whether they had heard of the so-called chocolate ogre , but even if they had n't , seeing a face such as his gave him a psychological advantage . 
 a kind of authority of the uncanny . 
 `` who 's in charge here ? '' 
 nick asked them . 
 no one answered right away . 
 `` c'mon -- a group this big has to have someone in charge . '' 
 there were murmurs in the crowd , and then someone spoke , nick could n't be sure who it was . 
 `` you mean in charge of us , or all atlanta ? '' 
 interesting , thought nick . 
 that meant that there was some sort of structure here . 
 maybe even a government . 
 `` when i say in charge , i mean in charge , '' he answered . 
 the crowd murmured again , and once the murmurs had died down , nick said , `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 then he strode back to the train , and prepared for a meeting with the eminent ruler of atlanta . 
 they kept nick waiting in the parlor car for more than an hour . 
 it could have been intentional , or it simply could have taken that long to retrieve the kid in charge . 
 nick gave them the benefit of the doubt . 
 the kid who finally climbed into the parlor car was a tall and gangly african-american afterlight , about sixteen or so . 
 the torn , shabby clothes he wore made nick wonder if perhaps he had been a slave when he was alive , and yet there was a confidence to his stride that bristled with powerful independence . 
 whatever this boy had been forced to endure in life , he had certainly risen above it here . 
 he looked nick over and said , `` what 's wrong with your face ? '' 
 apparently stories of the chocolate ogre had not reached atlanta after all . 
 he did n't know whether to be grateful or annoyed . 
 either way , he did n't feel like answering the question . 
 `` please sit down , '' he said . 
 `` let 's talk . '' 
 the afterlight introduced himself as isaiah . 
 he did n't offer to shake nick 's hand . 
 `` tell me about atlanta , '' nick said . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 apparently nick was n't the only one reluctant to give answers . 
 isaiah crossed his arms . 
 `` first tell me about your train , '' he said . 
 `` i 've never seen an everlost train before . '' 
 `` my train is my business . '' 
 `` well , maybe it wo n't be your train anymore . '' 
 nick was n't sure whether this was an actual threat , or just a show of force . 
 he decided to match isaiah 's confidence measure for measure . 
 `` you wo n't take my train . '' 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 `` because , '' said nick , `` if you meant to steal it from me , you would have done it already . 
 besides , you do n't strike me as the type . 
 i think you 're honorable . 
 i think that 's how you got to be in charge here . 
 you probably overthrew some bully , and had everyone 's support , because the kids here trusted you . '' 
 isaiah smiled . 
 `` i took down a whole lot of bullies , actually . '' 
 he did n't let the smile linger for long . 
 `` honorable or not , you 're trespassing . '' 
 `` it 's not trespassing if we stop the train , and ask for permission to pass . '' 
 isaiah was not impressed , so nick added . 
 `` besides , i have something you need . '' 
 `` and what might that be ? '' 
 `` news of the world , '' nick told him . 
 `` news from the north . '' 
 `` i did n't think there was a north in everlost , '' isaiah said . 
 `` and anyway , whatever happens there do n't matter to us . '' 
 nick kept silent , waiting for isaiah 's curiosity to kick in . 
 finally isaiah said , `` what kind of news . '' 
 `` have you heard of mary , the sky witch ? '' 
 isaiah shrugged . 
 `` sure i have -- but it 's just a story , everyone knows it 's not true . '' 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong . '' 
 then nick told him everything he knew about mary . 
 how she had kept hundreds of younger kids from finding the light , and leaving everlost . 
 how nick had freed them himself , right under her nose ... and how she was now gathering more afterlights to mother , to pamper , to trap . 
 this time , however , he had reason to believe that mary was building herself an army . 
 `` did you give them coins ? '' 
 isaiah asked . 
 `` is that how you freed them ? '' 
 `` you know about the coins ? '' 
 isaiah nodded . 
 `` we all had them once , but lost them , or tossed them . 
 most of the kids here do n't know what they 're for , but some of us do . '' 
 he became thoughtful for a moment . 
 `` i 'd like to think we 'll find them again . 
 when we 're truly ready to move on . '' 
 `` maybe there 's a whole bucketful waiting for you . '' 
 and that 's all nick said about it . 
 something told him that freeing the kids of atlanta was best left for another day . 
 `` there may come a time when everyone in everlost will have to take sides , '' nick told isaiah . 
 `` can i count on you if i need you ? '' 
 `` if there 's a side to choose , i 'll choose it when the time comes , '' isaiah said , keeping a stern poker face . 
 `` but right now , you can count on me to let you pass through atlanta safely . '' 
 nick nodded respectfully . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 isaiah prepared to rise , thinking their meeting of the minds was over -- but nick was n't quite done . 
 `` one more thing , '' nick said . 
 `` because i 've heard rumors ... maybe you could tell me if they 're true . '' 
 isaiah smiled . 
 it was unguarded , uncalculated . 
 it was genuine . 
 `` so what would you like to know ? '' 
 nick cleared his throat , and tried to figure the best way to word the question . 
 in the end he decided to just be direct . 
 `` what do you know about ` the ripper ' ? '' 
 isaiah 's expression was stony . 
 he took a moment before answering as if he had to control some emotion before allowing himself to speak . 
 `` i know what they say about him . 
 not sure if i believe it all , but i do n't want to find out . '' 
 `` tell me what they say . '' 
 isaiah gripped the arms of his chair as he spoke . 
 `` they call him zach the ripper . 
 they say he was a bad seed when he was alive , and even worse afterward . 
 evil to the core , and dumb as a post . 
 they say he hates the living so much , he reaches into the living world and pulls their hearts right out of their bodies . '' 
 `` ecto-ripping ! '' 
 nick said , not sure whether he was more amazed or horrified . 
 `` they say he can pull anything out of the living world and into everlost ... but that kind of ability , it can make a person crazy . '' 
 nick nodded . 
 he had known a spirit called the haunter . 
 ecto-ripping was just one of his powers . 
 he might have been insane , or simply corrupted by his power from the inside out . 
 regardless , he was darkly evil , and had imprisoned nick in a brine-filled barrel , where he might have stayed until the end of time , had things been different . 
 the thought of facing another afterlight like the haunter made him shiver . 
 `` there 's more , '' isaiah said , but then he hesitated , as if he was afraid to even speak it aloud . 
 `` people say the ripper can also reach right inside an afterlight , and pull stuff out , too . 
 and when he does , the wound does n't heal ... and whatever he takes ... it do n't grow back . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 nick knew enough about everlost to know afterlight `` flesh '' was n't like living flesh at all . 
 wounds were bloodless , and zipped closed instantly . 
 `` you ca n't hurt an afterlight . '' 
 `` maybe it 's just a story , '' said isaiah . 
 `` but maybe not . '' 
 was nick crazy to be searching for a spirit such as this ? 
 probably . 
 but on the other hand , mary was building herself an army , and what did he have ? 
 johnnie-o and charlie ? 
 if he were ever to face mary again , he would need powerful allies by his side to help balance the odds . 
 allies ... and allie . 
 he wondered where allie was now . 
 of course he wanted to see her again -- but he had also spent a lot of time thinking about her skinjacking skill . 
 what an amazing power that was ! 
 and terrifying , too . 
 or at least it would be , in the wrong hands . 
 thank goodness allie was a decent girl with a conscience -- because her skill could really make a difference in a battle against mary . 
 but nick had to admit , with a heavy heart , that there was no guarantee he 'd ever see allie again . 
 which meant he had to find other kids with unique powers to stand against mary . 
 `` tell me where to find the ripper , '' nick said to isaiah . 
 isaiah sighed , and told nick where the ripper was rumored to be . 
 `` like i said , it may just be a story -- no guarantee he 'll be there . '' 
 then they shook hands . 
 `` i hope to see you again , '' nick said . 
 isaiah could n't look him in the eye . 
 `` you wo n't , '' he said . 
 `` because if you find the ripper , you 're never coming back . '' 
 chapter 6 shuttle diplomacy the tracks ended . 
 they did n't end at the ghost of some grand terminal -- they just stopped . 
 whoever built them must have ripped them out of the living world even before the rail line was completed . 
 charlie pulled on the brake just in time , and the train squealed to a reluctant stop , just a dozen yards before the tracks vanished . 
 `` lucky i saw it ! '' 
 charlie said . 
 `` if we went off the end , this whole train woulda sunk , with us still in it . '' 
 charlie etched the end of the line on the map he was making on the engine bulkhead . 
 `` there was a spur that went off west , maybe twenty , thirty miles back . 
 we could back her up and see where that track goes ... . '' 
 `` maybe later , '' nick told him , and turned to johnnie-o . 
 `` we 'll walk the rest of the way . '' 
 johnnie-o did not seem pleased . 
 `` rest of the way where ? '' 
 nick did n't answer him . 
 `` charlie , you stay with the train . '' 
 he thought for a moment , then added , `` you 'll wait for us , right ? '' 
 `` sure ... unless those atlanta kids show up . '' 
 nick nodded his understanding , and he and johnnie-o went south , pushing through dense living-world brush that tickled their insides as they walked . 
 in time they came to a two-lane highway that ran east and west , cutting through the flat , forested florida terrain . 
 nick turned east , and they followed the road , which was easier to walk on than the marshy earth . 
 `` are you ever gon na tell me where we 're going ? '' 
 johnnie-o finally asked . 
 nick did n't look at him . 
 `` we follow this road east until we reach the shore . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked johnnie-o . 
 `` you want me to be your bodyguard and all , then i got a right to know why we 're doing this . '' 
 `` i never said you were my bodyguard . 
 if you do n't want to come you do n't have to . '' 
 `` why ca n't you just answer the question ? '' 
 nick stopped and turned to him , thinking about how much he should say , if anything . 
 `` when did you die ? '' 
 nick asked him . 
 `` what 's that got to do with anything ? '' 
 `` it just does . '' 
 johnnie-o looked down , shuffling his feet . 
 `` i ca n't exactly remember . '' 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 johnnie took some time to rustle up what memories he could . 
 `` when i died , the whistler was my favorite radio show , '' he said . 
 radio , thought nick . 
 that would probably place johnnie-o in the 1930s , maybe '40s . 
 `` the place we 're going is part of my history , but part of your future -- and anything i tell you will just make you ask more questions that i do n't want to answer . '' 
 nick turned and continued walking . 
 `` i 'm really starting not to like you , '' johnnie-o said . 
 `` not that i ever liked you to begin with . '' 
 but still he followed nick east . 
 great tragedies have great consequences . 
 they ripple through the fabric of this world and the next . 
 when the loss is too great for either world to bear , everlost absorbs the shock , like a cushion between the two . 
 on a sunny tuesday -- for it seems so many awful things happen on a tuesday -- six astronauts and one schoolteacher attempted to pierce the sky . 
 instead they touched the stars . 
 ask anyone who was alive at the time , and they will still remember where they were the moment they heard that the shuttle challenger blew up just seventy-three seconds after lifting off from cape canaveral . 
 the shape of that terrible explosion became burned into human consciousness like the shape of the mushroom cloud over hiroshima . 
 the world mourned the lives lost , as well as mourning the loss of an idea , for although space flight had always been , and would always be a dangerous endeavor , there was a certain unspoken faith that human ingenuity , and the grace of god , would keep our ascent to the heavens safe . 
 but the universe is nothing if not balanced . 
 for every apollo thirteen , there would be a challenger . 
 for every miracle , a tragedy . 
 but look away now from that fiery forked cloud in the sky , for history can not be undone . 
 instead look to the cape , where you will see a spacecraft pointed eternally heavenward , preserved in everlost , in that perfect moment of glorious anticipation . 
 its countdown is forever frozen at one second before liftoff , for that is the last moment a launch can be aborted . 
 it is the moment that stands on the edge of hope and doom . 
 seven valiant souls got where they were going that morning , and while eternity opened its gates to welcome them , everlost opened its gates to welcome the majestic vessel that took them where all men have gone before . 
 `` what is that , some kind of castle ? '' 
 asked johnnie-o , looking across the lagoon to the towering marvel . 
 nick forgave him his ignorance . 
 what would have been the point in trying to explain this earlier ? 
 it was best to let him see it for himself . 
 `` it 's a spaceship . '' 
 `` do you think i 'm an idiot ? '' 
 nick did n't push the issue ; instead he led them both across the narrow causeway to the cape -- a much longer journey than it looked , and as the massive craft loomed before them , johnnie-o could no longer deny the truth of what it was . 
 `` so it is a spaceship ! '' 
 and then he looked to nick , both hopefully and doubtfully . 
 `` can we make it go ? '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea , '' nick told him . 
 `` anyway , that 's not why we 're here . '' 
 and before johnnie-o could ask any more questions , nick said , `` what do you know about zach the ripper ? '' 
 johnnie-o stopped walking and instantly began to sink , but he did n't seem to care . 
 `` you 're crazy ! 
 you 're crazier than mary and the mcgill put together ! '' 
 `` you 're probably right . '' 
 `` if zach the ripper is here , then this is the one place in everlost i do n't want to be ! '' 
 `` so go back , '' nick told him simply , and kept moving forward . 
 johnnie-o pulled his feet out of the ground and followed , grumbling all the way . 
 like any other everlost legend , nick knew there was no telling how much , if anything , about zach the ripper was true , but he knew that dealing with a ripper was dangerous business . 
 isaiah was n't the first one to speak of zach the ripper 's ability to inflict permanent damage on an afterlight . 
 if you were decapitated by zach the ripper , you stayed decapitated , and you 'd be stuck having to carry your head around in a backpack , or under your arm , or dangling from the end of your hand by your hair . 
 whether or not you 'd feel the pain of it was unknown -- for although afterlights were n't supposed to feel physical pain , all bets were off when it came to an ecto-ripper . 
 for this reason , nick was terrified as he approached the great spacecraft , but he did n't show his fear to johnnie-o . 
 johnnie-o was scared enough already . 
 somewhere in the distance , a stray dog in the living world began to bark , but they both ignored it . 
 `` look at that thing ! '' 
 johnnie-o said , staring at the massive craft . 
 `` it 's just standing there in midair ! '' 
 the orbiter and its rocket assembly were indeed floating about a hundred and fifty feet in the air . 
 nick knew there had once been a launchpad beneath it , but the shuttle launchpad was on tractor treads , and had long since been rolled away . 
 `` it 's resting on the memory of a launchpad , '' nick told him . 
 `` wonder what mary would have to say about that . '' 
 nick put on his best mary voice . 
 `` in all things postmortem , the stubbornness of memory outweighs the so-called laws of physics . 
 best to report any antigravitational sightings to an authority . '' 
 johnnie-o stared at him . 
 `` you 're scary . '' 
 a closer inspection of the suspended spacecraft revealed that there was a rickety scaffold right beside it , just a few feet wide , and randomly pieced together . 
 it looked more like a vertical beaver dam , stretching up to the engines , and clinging to the craft itself , all the way up to the orbiter 's hatch . 
 there was also something else on the huge deadspot beneath the suspended craft . 
 something that should n't be there at all . 
 `` that 's ... a dog ... . '' 
 said nick . 
 `` well , i can see that . '' 
 but johnnie-o did n't quite get it . 
 the dog had been barking nonstop for the past few minutes . 
 nick was used to tuning out barking dogs , just like most other sounds of the living world . 
 but this dog was n't part of that world . 
 it was here in everlost . 
 it was barking at them . 
 the dog was some kind of unholy mismatched genetic mutt . 
 something like rottweiler , crossed with pomeranian . 
 it was both huge and annoying at the same time . 
 `` wait a second ! '' 
 said johnnie-o , one beat behind . 
 `` that dog 's in everlost ! '' 
 the pomerrott mutt was chained to a spike in the middle of the deadspot . 
 which meant someone had to put it there . 
 johnnie-o still could n't wrap his mind around it . 
 `` but ... but , there are no dogs here . 
 you know what they say , ` all dogs go to heaven , ' right ? 
 right ? '' 
 `` not this one . 
 maybe dog heaven took one look at it and sent it back . '' 
 just then another sound cut between the pomerrott 's barks . 
 it sounded like a loud snapping twig . 
 nick realized it was a gunshot the same instant the bullet caught him in the eye . 
 it spun him around and knocked him to the ground . 
 chocolate splattered the underbrush and the pomerrott barked like there was no tomorrow . 
 johnnie-o screamed and ducked for cover . 
 so much for him being a bodyguard . 
 not that nick needed protection from bullets . 
 he pushed himself up on all fours , blinked a few times , and the painless `` wound '' healed itself closed . 
 in a few moments , his eye returned to normal . 
 he had been caught off guard , that 's all -- in everlost , a sniper is little more than a nuisance . 
 still there 's nothing fun about being shot in the eye . 
 he looked at the chocolate splattered around him , and wondered whether it had just splattered off of his face or come from inside when the bullet hit him ? 
 were his insides turning to chocolate as well ? 
 he tried not to think about it , because thinking about it too much would make it so . 
 johnnie-o , quickly remembering his own relative invulnerability , stood up and looked toward the spacecraft looming before them . 
 `` whoever it is , he 's going down ! '' 
 nick stood up , hearing the crack of a second shot . 
 this one caught him square in the chest , but since he was ready , he did n't let it throw him off balance . 
 this time he could hear where the shot had come from . 
 up high . 
 there was a rifle barrel poking out of the ship 's hatch , taking aim for a third shot . 
 nick waited until the fabric of his tie healed closed before he spoke . 
 `` if you 're going to shoot at me , '' nick shouted , `` at least have the guts to come out where i can see you ! '' 
 no response but the barking of the dog . 
 nick strode forward with johnnie-o right behind , clenching his fists , ready to pound their assailant into pork and beans . 
 a third shot rang out , but missed both of them . 
 clearly the shooter was losing focus -- maybe getting worried that they might reach the scaffold and climb up -- which is exactly what nick planned to do . 
 finally a voice called down to them -- the voice of a kid -- their age , maybe younger . 
 `` get outta here ! 
 go on ! 
 nobody wants you here ! '' 
 `` nobody ? '' 
 said nick . 
 `` you mean you 're not alone ? '' 
 `` they 's a whole buncha us up here . 
 yeah ! 
 a dozen at least . 
 so go on , get lost a ` fore we come down and make ya sorry y ' got yerselfs kilt in the first place ! '' 
 `` prove it , '' said nick . 
 `` if it 's more than just you , let 's hear from one of the others . '' 
 the kid was quiet for a moment , then said , `` i do n't got ta prove nuthin ' ! 
 i gots the gun and you do n't ! '' 
 he shot again , and the bullet caught johnnie-o in the shoulder . 
 quickly , johnnie-o reached in and pulled out the bullet before the wound zipped closed , then , holding the bullet between his fingers , yelled up at the unseen sniper . 
 `` when i get up there , i 'm gon na make you eat this ! '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 well i 'm gon na make kudzu eat you ! 
 go on , kudzu . 
 eat 'em up an ' spit their chewed-up pieces down there where the sun do n't shine ` cept on sunday . '' 
 the second they reached the deadspot beneath the hanging ship , however , the wild pomerrott pooch whimpered and retreated as far as its chain would allow . 
 so much for kudzu . 
 nick grabbed the scaffold and shook it . 
 it rattled like it might fall apart at any second . 
 the thing was made mostly of chair legs , bicycle tires , and balcony railings -- basically anything this kid could tie together with bits of string . 
 `` we 'll climb up the left side , '' nick said . 
 `` he wo n't be able to get a good angle on us that way . 
 climbing was rough at first , but they quickly got the hang of it . 
 as they passed the orbiter 's massive engines , the kid tried to shoot again , but his bullet ricocheted off a rusty bed frame in the scaffold 's infrastructure . 
 the bullet 's shell casing dropped from above , bouncing off of johnnie-o 's head . 
 `` i 've never seen bullets come through into everlost , '' johnnie-o said . 
 `` at least not on their own . 
 do you suppose they were ripped ? '' 
 nick decided to keep his opinion to himself -- although he was pretty sure that they had found zach the ripper . 
 one more missed shot , and the ripper closed the hatch , shutting himself in . 
 nick and johnnie-o continued to climb , trying not to look down . 
 `` if we fall , we 'll just land on the deadspot . 
 we 'll be okay , '' said nick . 
 `` yeah ... unless we miss . '' 
 `` maybe we can land on kudzu , '' suggested nick , since the dog had begun barking again . 
 as they neared the top , the scaffold became thinner and harder to climb , until they finally reached the closed cockpit door . 
 the ripper showed no signs of coming out . 
 `` we 'll force our way in ! '' 
 said johnnie-o . 
 `` no . 
 it 's an airtight hatch -- there 's no way to get in from the outside . '' 
 `` so what are we gon na do ? '' 
 grunted johnnie-o . 
 `` just let him sit in there ? 
 he 'll never come out . '' 
 nick looked up toward the orbiter 's viewport , but it was out of view . 
 there was no window on the shuttle that could give the ripper a view of them . 
 `` ever watch a turtle that has pulled into its shell ? '' 
 nick asked johnnie-o . 
 `` how do you get it to come out again ? '' 
 johnnie-o considered it , and understood what nick was suggesting . 
 the question was how long could the two of them wait right outside that door ? 
 how long could they quietly cling to the scaffold ? 
 while afterlights tended to develop an unnatural patience for the passage of time , it usually accompanied some pleasurable activity . 
 it could be something as simple as jumping rope , or as complex as a chess marathon ; it all depended on the person . 
 however , sitting in absolute silence on the top of a scrap-metal scaffold was enough to drive even the most patient afterlight stir-crazy . 
 johnnie-o would occasionally open his mouth to ask a question , or just to complain , but nick always shushed him before the words were spoken . 
 eventually kudzu either forgot they were there , or had decided they were a part of the scaffold . 
 either way , he finally stopped barking . 
 the sun set . 
 the sun rose . 
 the sun slowly crossed the sky , and by noon the next day , the rifle-toting turtle had not come out of his shell . 
 nick lost none of his resolve , but johnnie-o was beginning to suspect that the ripper had either found a coin and evaporated into the next world , or he had decided he was never coming out of his spaceship again . 
 then , late in the afternoon , they heard the clunk of metal on metal , and the small , circular hatch began to open . 
 it only opened an inch -- just enough for the ripper to peer out -- but an inch was all they needed . 
 nick wedged his fingers in the opening . 
 `` grab it ! 
 hurry ! '' 
 the ripper tried to pull the door closed , but nick 's fingers blocked the way . 
 johnnie-o gripped the edge of the door and pulled with all his might . 
 the hatch swung wide , and they both dove in , tackling the ripper , who would n't stop cursing . 
 the shuttle 's flight deck was cramped , and filled with hard metallic surfaces . 
 it was all very disorienting in vertical liftoff position , with chairs bolted to the `` wall '' instead of the floor . 
 dim light spilled in from the darkly tinted viewport , directly overhead , like a skylight . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 screamed the ripper , `` this here is my place ! 
 mine ! '' 
 he struggled with them , but when he saw the size of johnnie-o 's hands , his eyes went wide , and he scrambled away . 
 in that cramped space , however , there was n't far he could go . 
 `` we 're not going to hurt you ! '' 
 nick told him . 
 `` speak for yourself ! '' 
 said johnnie-o , trying to reach around a chair for the ripper , who continued to shift out of reach . 
 while johnnie-o and the ripper played their little cat and mouse , nick took a moment to gauge the situation . 
 the ripper seemed about thirteen . 
 he wore a gray confederate army uniform , complete with that odd little hat . 
 there were weapons strewn around the flight deck that the ripper kept reaching for , but johnnie-o kept kicking them out of reach . 
 none of those weapons were civil war issue . 
 there were very modern , very efficient automatic rifles , pistols , and even a submachine gun , along with countless bullets and loaded magazines . 
 this kid may have died during the civil war , but now he had an entire arsenal of modern military ordinance . 
 `` leave me be ! '' 
 the kid shouted , `` or i 'll ecto-rip yer arms right outta their sockets ! '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try ! '' 
 yelled johnnie-o , finally getting a grip on him . 
 the ripper tried to pull on johnnie-o 's arms , but they were too muscular . 
 so instead the ripper did something else -- something nick would not have believed if he had n't seen it with his own eyes . 
 the ripper reached right through johnnie-o 's face ... and pulled out his brain . 
 johnnie-o froze with the sudden shock of it , and nick could only stare in disbelief . 
 a brain . 
 right there in the ripper 's hands . 
 it was just like isaiah had said . 
 it did n't look like a real brain ; it looked more like a plastic model , with the various lobes labeled in bold lettering -- perhaps something johnnie-o once saw in a classroom somewhere . 
 this was johnnie-o 's memory of a brain , and the ripper now held it in his hand like an oversize walnut . 
 `` aaaaaaah ! '' 
 wailed johnnie-o in the kind of abject terror that can only come from seeing your brain held out before you . 
 `` give it back ! 
 give it back ! '' 
 painless though it was , there was something fundamentally disturbing about this -- not just the fact of seeing one 's own brain held up for observation , but to suddenly have one 's very consciousness separate and apart from one 's body , and yet still tethered as if by some weird wireless connection . 
 for johnnie-o , the sensation was far worse than pain . 
 `` aaaaah ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` put it back in ! 
 i swear i wo n't touch you , just put it back in ! '' 
 `` maybe i 'll just squish it beneath my feet ! 
 squish , squish ! '' 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 it infuriated nick to see johnnie-o helpless and humiliated , so nick reached for something that might give them a brief balance of power . 
 he found a hand grenade , and held it up to the ripper . 
 `` give him back his brain , or i 'll pull the pin , and shove this thing in your mouth . '' 
 the ripper laughed at that . 
 `` wo n't matter ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` if i gets blowed up , i 'll just pull back together again , like it was nuthin ' ! '' 
 `` yes , '' nick said with a grin . 
 `` in theory ... '' the wider nick 's grin got , the more worried the ripper became . 
 `` whadaya mean , theory ? '' 
 `` i mean that bullets and cuts are one thing . 
 they heal in seconds , sure ... but if you 're blown to smithereens , how do you know all those smithereens are gon na find one another again ? '' 
 clearly the ripper had never thought of this . 
 `` you have till the count of three . '' 
 nick reached for the pin , ready to pull it . 
 `` one ... two ... '' `` fine ! '' 
 the ripper went over to johnnie-o , who was now whimpering in a corner , clutching his intensely empty head . 
 `` who needs it ? '' 
 said the ripper . 
 `` probably got worms anyway . '' 
 then he pushed johnnie-o 's brain right back inside him . 
 the ripper then scrambled over the vertically mounted chairs and reached up toward the spacecraft 's control panel -- then hit a button . 
 a hatch popped open like a trapdoor right beneath poor johnnie-o , who was still just recovering from his brain-ripping ordeal , and he plunged through the open hatch into darkness . 
 nick could hear him tumbling down a tunnel , and crashing into whatever filled the cargo hold of the shuttle . 
 `` was that really necessary ? '' 
 shouted nick . 
 `` you 're next ! '' 
 threatened the ripper . 
 nick was angry enough to pull the pin on the grenade and blow them both to smithereens , but he fought the urge , found a foothold , and climbed toward the ripper . 
 `` we 're just here to talk ! 
 why ca n't you calm down long enough to listen ! '' 
 `` i warned you ! '' 
 said the ripper , and he reached in through nick 's chest , gripped his grubby hands around nick 's memory of a heart , and tugged . 
 to the amazement of them both , the ripper did not get nick 's heart at all . 
 instead his hand came out covered in chocolate . 
 it surprised nick as much as the ripper , but he tried not to show it . 
 the ripper stared at his hand , then at nick , and for the first time the cranky confederate afterlight was truly frightened . 
 `` what ... are you ... ? '' 
 and although nick never , ever used the words himself , seeing the ripper 's cocoa-coated hand brought home a growing reality he could no longer deny . 
 `` i am the chocolate ogre , '' nick said . 
 `` and you 've made me very ... very ... mad ! '' 
 the look of terror on the ripper 's face was the most satisfying thing nick had seen for a very long time . 
 the ripper 's eyes were locked by nick 's angry gaze , and all the fight drained out of him . 
 there was something about the ripper 's eyes -- something about his face that was n't quite right . 
 nick was n't sure what it was , so he filed it away in his mind . 
 `` what are you going to do to me ? '' 
 the ripper asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 if you let my friend go . '' 
 despite his fear of the chocolate ogre , the ripper hesitated ... but he did quickly glance to a particular green button on the console -- a button covered by a clear plastic flap to prevent it from being pressed accidentally . 
 this , nick knew , was a `` tell . '' 
 the ripper 's eyes had just given away exactly which button to push that would free johnnie-o . 
 all nick had to do was press it . 
 nick reached up and flipped open the clear plastic cover . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 nick savored the look of terrified helplessness on the ripper 's face for a moment . 
 then he pressed the green button . 
 upon taking up residence in the shuttle many years ago , the afterlight known as zach the ripper had gotten rid of the craft 's original payload -- a bunch of satellites and experiments that were n't doing anyone in everlost any good . 
 besides , the massive cargo hold was the perfect place for the ripper to store everlost 's finest weapon collection . 
 the ripper had weapons and artillery of all kinds . 
 having developed an intimate knowledge of every military base within a hundred miles , the ripper knew exactly where to find the best arms , and was highly skilled at ripping items -- even heavy , awkward ones -- from the living world , and into everlost . 
 living-world news reports regularly told of weapons disappearing . 
 `` military mismanagement , '' the reports would say , because the rational world demanded rational explanations . 
 the one time an unlucky marine dared to tell the truth of what he saw -lrb- a hand that reached in through a hole in space , waved to him , then disappeared with an ak-47 rifle -rrb- , nobody believed it . 
 the man was sent for psychological evaluation , and then promptly discharged from military service . 
 the ripper did not know or care about such consequences . 
 all that mattered was the collection , which filled two thirds of the cargo hold ... until the day nick opened the cargo hold doors . 
 to johnnie-o , it began as a loud mechanical grinding , echoing in the massive hold around him . 
 he had come down on the piles of weapons , but , still reeling from his brief empty-headed ordeal , he had n't yet realized the nature of the ripper 's `` collection . '' 
 the cargo hold door opened like a parting curtain , revealing a million-dollar view of the atlantic ocean . 
 then the pile beneath him began to shift , and that 's when he realized he was sitting atop a nasty rats ' nest of guns and explosives . 
 in the flight deck , nick had , for one crazy instant , thought the cargo door motor was the boosters igniting , and that by hitting the button , he had just blasted them all off into orbit . 
 `` now you done it ! '' 
 said the ripper , hitting the button again and again , but the opening sequence could n't stop once it started . 
 `` those doors 'll swing open wide -- and it 's all your stupid fault ! '' 
 he peeked down into the hold , groaning , then ran for the entry hatch . 
 nick followed . 
 they scurried down the unwieldy scaffold as the craft 's huge cargo doors slowly , slowly opened . 
 once they reached the bottom , and nick had a view of the cargo hold , he could see that it held a tottering haystack in shades of khaki and gunmetal gray . 
 gun muzzles and rifle butts stuck out every which way , but far worse than those were the rounded tips and tail fins randomly poking out of the weapon pile . 
 `` are those ... bombs ? '' 
 `` mortar shells , surface-to-air missiles , smart bombs , '' the ripper said , with a hint of pride . 
 `` you know -- the good stuff . '' 
 the pile shifted as the doors continued to swing open . 
 several rifles fell out and toppled to the earth hundreds of feet below . 
 kudzu jumped out of the way , barking madly . 
 and on top of the pile of weapons sat johnnie-o , looking a little bit worried . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 screamed nick . 
 `` kudzu ! '' 
 screamed the ripper . 
 `` c'mere , boy ! '' 
 the dog came running to the ripper , its chain clanking on the deadspot tarmac . 
 the ripper knelt down and tried to unhook the dog from his chain , while up above , the pile swayed precariously in the wide-open cargo bay of the mystically suspended spacecraft . 
 `` it 's okay , '' johnnie-o shouted down to nick . 
 `` it 's okay , it 's not gon na fall . '' 
 but he did n't have the view nick did . 
 nick could see the shifting of gun muzzles and rifle butts . 
 everything was starting to slide . 
 then nick thought of something . 
 `` your coin ! '' 
 nick shouted . 
 johnnie-o should have had it in his back pocket . 
 so it would be there when he finally felt the urge to move on . 
 right now would be a good moment to feel that urge -- because just as nick told the ripper , everlost physics was not an exact science , and not even mary had written about what happens to an afterlight that gets blown up . 
 `` take your coin ! '' 
 nick said . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 `` i do n't got it ! 
 i put it back in the bucket . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why did you do that ? '' 
 `` for safekeeping ! '' 
 meanwhile the ripper was in a panic as he struggled to free kudzu . 
 nick went up to him , and the ripper looked at nick wild-eyed . 
 `` you stay away from my dog ! '' 
 nick ignored him , knelt down , and quickly unhooked the chain from the dog 's collar . 
 `` now run ! '' 
 ordered nick . 
 the ripper did n't need a second invitation . 
 he took off sprinting , putting distance between himself and the tottering stockpile of artillery , with kudzu at his heels . 
 `` just jump ! '' 
 nick called up to johnnie-o , but instead of jumping johnnie-o leaped from the stockpile to the wall of the cargo hold , and found a metal ridge to cling to -- but the force of his jump set the mound of guns and explosives toppling . 
 it all began a long cascade , out of the shuttle , to the ground below . 
 now nick was the one in danger , and he ran for cover -- afraid to dive into the underbrush of the living world , for fear that diving would take him into the ground , where he 'd begin the long , slow sink to the center of the earth . 
 and so he ran as fast as his legs could carry him . 
 he was barely twenty yards away when the first bomb hit the ground . 
 one of the basic natural laws that one learns early in everlost is that things that cross over always do what they were meant to do . 
 boats float , airships fly , and appliances run even if they 're not plugged in . 
 unfortunately the same thing goes for bombs . 
 they explode -- especially bombs that were ecto-ripped , and had no good reason to be in everlost in the first place . 
 if anyone had been watching they would have thought the shuttle was lifting off . 
 flame and smoke blasted from the ground beneath the great spacecraft , expanding as the explosions multiplied and merged into a single massive blast . 
 nick was blown off his feet , and sent soaring through the air . 
 shrapnel tore through him -- jagged , burning pieces of metal that left huge swiss-cheese holes all over his body -- and still the explosions grew louder behind him . 
 he landed , embedding in the living world so deep that he almost went under . 
 with little more than his head aboveground , it took all his will to push himself out of the earth . 
 had he been in any deeper , it would have been hopeless , and all his thrashing about would have done nothing but take him farther down . 
 but bit by bit he hauled his shrapnel-blasted body upward . 
 perhaps the holes helped . 
 perhaps they made him lighter . 
 the explosions had stopped by the time he pulled himself out of the ground , and he looked at his own damage . 
 as always the wounds were painless , but that did n't mean the sensation was pleasant . 
 he watched as the wounds healed themselves closed . 
 even though they were gone , they left a haunting memory of their presence , like the lingering feeling of nightmares . 
 nick turned back to the spacecraft to see what was left of it -- and of johnnie-o . 
 to his surprise , the shuttle , the fuel tank , and boosters were all still there suspended in midair , completely undamaged . 
 perhaps the ship had been designed to withstand such explosions or perhaps its memory was too proud and permanent to ever be troubled by an attempt to take it down , whether intentional or accidental . 
 of course the same could not be said for the ripper 's rickety scaffold . 
 it was completely gone , which was no surprise . 
 nick suspected the thing would have fallen if someone had blown on it too hard . 
 up in the now-empty cargo hold , johnnie-o still clung to the inside of the hold , the structure of the shuttle having shielded him from the worst of the blast . 
 unable to hold on anymore , he slipped and fell , yelling all the way down . 
 he hit the lip of the cargo hold , and bounced off it , tumbling down the tail and careening off the shuttle engines , until landing face-first on the all-too-solid deadspot tarmac , a hundred and fifty feet below the spaceship . 
 `` johnnie ! '' 
 yelled nick , racing to him . 
 johnnie-o sat up , dazed . 
 `` am i blown up ? '' 
 `` no , '' said nick , `` you 're okay . '' 
 he looked no worse off than the shuttle itself , except for one thing -- the cigarette that had perpetually hung from his lip since the moment he died was now gone -- the only part of him incinerated by the explosion . 
 nick helped him to his feet and decided it was best not to point that out ; best to let him discover it for himself once he was in a state of mind to notice . 
 then from behind them came a wail of absolute and utter despair . 
 `` my collection ! '' 
 screamed the ripper . 
 `` look whatcha done to my collection ! '' 
 nick looked around him ; twisted gun barrels and unrecognizable pieces of tortured metal littered the deadspot -- and beyond the deadspot even more destroyed weaponry was sinking into the ground of the living world . 
 `` look whatcha done ! 
 look whatcha done ! 
 it 's all gone ! '' 
 nick had no sympathy , and stormed up to him . 
 `` what kind of idiot keeps a collection of live ammunition and armed bombs ? '' 
 `` i ai n't no idjit , '' screamed the ripper . 
 `` you 're the idjit ! 
 i got nuthin ' now , thanks to you ! '' 
 and that 's when nick realized something . 
 in truth he had realized it before , only it had n't fully registered . 
 it was there in the ripper 's eyes , in the shape of the face , and in the lilt of the voice . 
 nick reached for the ripper 's confederate cap , trying to pull it off , but of course it did n't come . 
 just like nick 's own tie , it was a permanent part of the ripper . 
 `` get yer hands off ! '' 
 zach the ripper said , slapping nick 's hand away . 
 but nick knew this was no `` zach '' at all . 
 `` you 're a girl ! '' 
 the ripper 's eyes narrowed , boldly staring right at him . 
 `` you got a problem with that ? '' 
 chapter 7 a fistful of forever it was not uncommon once war was declared between the north and south for boys to lie about their age so they could serve . 
 nor was it uncommon for battle-ambitious girls to cut their hair and lie about their gender . 
 few got away with it , though . 
 fourteen year-old zinnia kitner was one of those few . 
 named after her mother 's favorite flower , she had always hated her name -- hated the fact that so many southern girls of their day were named for such passive things as flowers : violet . 
 rose . 
 magnolia . 
 she shortened it to zin , and allowed only her father to call her zinnia . 
 she was not a girl of privilege -- no southern belle . 
 she knew little of fancy things and delicate education . 
 in fact , she had no schooling , and hated the prissy girls of the south 's high society . 
 she had no love of slavery , either , but she did love her father and brothers who all hated the north . 
 then the south seceded from the union , and war was declared . 
 with her mother long dead , she knew she would be the only kitner left at home ; a confederate war orphan left in the care of weepy neighbor women who wrung their hands raw in vain attempts to worry their men home . 
 zinnia would have none of that . 
 so she cut her hair , and practiced jutting her jaw and shifting her stance so she would look more like her brothers and less like herself . 
 she became zachariah kitner . 
 then , through a combination of the exhaustion and nearsightedness of her recruitment and training officers , she somehow passed for male . 
 little did she know she would be stuck passing for a boy for a very , very long time . 
 she was killed in her first battle , as so many inexperienced soldiers were . 
 a single cannon blast . 
 it was mercifully quick and painless . 
 zin 's trip down the tunnel into the light should have been quick and simple ; however , halfway there , she was struck by the sudden realization that her father and brothers would have no idea what had happened to her . 
 there are few things that can cause a person to resist the gravity of the light . 
 thinking about one 's self ca n't do it , because self-centered thoughts are weak when compared to the call of eternity . 
 thinking of others , however , can be a very powerful thing indeed , and can give a strong-willed person the strength to resist just about anything . 
 zin knew what the light was . 
 she knew she had died , and knew there was nothing she could do about that . 
 going straight into that light would be the easiest thing to do . 
 but she could n't stop thinking about her family , tormented by her mysterious absence . 
 and so she stopped falling forward , and found herself lingering at the threshold between the here and hereafter . 
 then she did something of such incredible audacity , the very universe was both insulted and impressed at the same time . 
 zinnia kitner reached into the light , grabbed the tiniest bit of it in her fist , and pulled her hand back again , taking a fraction of the light with her . 
 then she turned and ran from the light , thus entering everlost . 
 what she did n't know was that taking a bit of eternity in her hand would give her a very special power . 
 like most afterlights , the details of her life on earth became hazy , but she did remember the war . 
 for more than a hundred and fifty years she served her part . 
 collecting weapons gave her a sense of purpose -- and woe be to any afterlight who tried to tell her the war was over -- for then what purpose would her existence serve ? 
 in spite of her uniform , she never forgot that she was a girl , for she never had a desire to be a boy , only to be treated as one . 
 she still cursed the fact that the hat would not come off and that her hair would not grow -- and she hated that they called her `` zach the ripper . '' 
 like the uniform , however , it served a purpose for her , so she lived with it . 
 that is , until the day the chocolate ogre came and stripped everything away . 
 zinnia fell to her knees in mourning . 
 there was nothing left , nothing at all . 
 all those years of collecting , and now what was there for her ? 
 kudzu nuzzled up to her , trying to comfort her , but she would not be comforted . 
 `` you 've ruined everything ... . '' 
 she would have reached into the fudge-faced kid right then , and ripped him good , if she thought she 'd get anything more than chocolate . 
 nick chose to keep his distance . 
 he knew any chance for an easy alliance with the ripper was gone ... but that did n't mean there could n't be a reluctant alliance , if he played this right . 
 `` come on , '' he said to johnnie-o , loudly enough for the ripper to hear . 
 `` we came here for nothing . 
 she could n't be any use in the war . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' snapped the ripper . 
 `` get lost ! '' 
 nick turned to go then did a little mental countdown . 
 one ... two ... three ... `` what war ? '' 
 asked the ripper . 
 nick grinned -- it was like waiting for thunder after lightning . 
 he turned back to her and looked her over , shaking his head . 
 `` not the one you 're fighting . '' 
 the ripper looked away , her face betraying an odd mixture of shame and fury . 
 there was a definite sense of craziness in her , but perhaps that could be dealt with . 
 perhaps it could be refined and directed . 
 johnnie-o pulled nick aside , and spoke to him quietly . 
 `` i got this really bad feeling about her , '' johnnie-o whispered . 
 `` that 's just because she ripped you . '' 
 `` what if she does it again ? '' 
 `` i 'll make sure she wo n't . '' 
 all the while , zin kept watching them , trying to hear what they were whispering about . 
 nick went back over to her . 
 `` after careful consideration , '' nick said , `` we 've decided you 're army material . '' 
 she looked at nick warily . 
 `` what 's my rank ? '' 
 `` private first class , in charge of tactical field operations . '' 
 nick had made it up on the spot , of course , but it sounded sufficiently impressive to make her consider it . 
 `` do i get to rip weapons ? '' 
 `` you 'll rip what your superior officers tell you to rip , or you can go back up in that spaceship and launch yourself into orbit for all i care . '' 
 the ripper scowled at him , but her scowl faded . 
 she turned and looked up at the shuttle . 
 `` i tried that once , but it did n't work , '' she said . 
 `` i think they launch it from somewhere else . 
 someplace that ai n't in everlost yet . '' 
 she considered the massive ship for a moment more , then turned back to nick . 
 `` so do i gots to call you ` sir ' ? '' 
 `` yes , '' nick said , figuring it might help keep her in line . 
 `` as i am your general , you will address me as sir . 
 this is mr. johnnie-o . 
 he 's a sir too . '' 
 `` i 'm zinnia , '' said the ripper , `` but people call me zin . '' 
 johnnie-o folded his arms . 
 `` i wo n't shake her hand . '' 
 zin curled her lip in disgust . 
 `` i would n't shake your hand anyway . 
 your hands are ugly . '' 
 in response johnnie-o made two even uglier fists . 
 nick got between them before it could escalate . 
 `` your first order is to rip something for us . '' 
 `` she already did rip something , '' said johnnie-o . 
 disgusted , he put his hand to his head , maybe to make sure that his brain was still there . 
 `` i mean something from the living world , '' nick said . 
 zin chuckled . 
 `` i thought you 'd ask me to do sumpin ' hard . '' 
 she looked around , then saw a tattered tissue tumbling in the living-world wind . 
 casually she reached out with her right hand . 
 with a faint shimmering of light , her hand poked a hole into the living world , she grabbed the tissue in midair , and pulled it back through the hole into everlost . 
 the portal into the living world closed almost instantly . 
 `` whoa , '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` abra-freaking-cadabra ! '' 
 she handed the tissue to nick . 
 `` there , '' she said . 
 `` maybe you can use it to wipe off all that chocolate ailing your face . '' 
 then she added , `` sir . '' 
 nick looked at the tissue in his hand , thinking it would take a lot more than a tattered kleenex to get rid of his particular skin condition . 
 `` i 'm impressed . '' 
 `` so you gon na tell me about your war ? '' 
 nick considered how to answer her . 
 `` what do you know about mary , the sky witch ? '' 
 zin looked at nick , then to johnnie-o , then back to nick again . 
 `` who ? '' 
 she looked to kudzu , as if the dog might know the answer , but kudzu just wagged his tail . 
 nick sighed , pretending to be exasperated , but in truth he was relieved that she had never heard of mary . 
 it would make educating zin the ripper easier . 
 `` let 's go , '' nick said . 
 `` i 'll tell you all about mary on the way . '' 
 just then , johnnie-o finally touched his lip and said , `` hey , where 's my camel ? 
 what happened to my camel ? '' 
 `` what 's he talkin ' about ? 
 i do n't see no stinkin ' camel . '' 
 `` my cig , you half-wit tomboy freak ! '' 
 nick ignored their bickering , turning to take one last look at the challenger . 
 without the rickety scaffold , there was nothing at all to mask the bald-faced fact that the shuttle was fixed in midair , resting on the invisible memory of its launchpad . 
 memory in everlost was a far greater force than gravity . 
 it could hold a thousand-ton spacecraft in the air , and could slowly turn a kid to chocolate . 
 `` what 'll i do without my camel ? '' 
 whined johnnie-o . 
 `` maybe zin can rip you a nicotine patch , '' said nick . 
 he had already begun to consider quite a few other things zin might do with her powers as well -- but they were things he was n't ready to share with anyone -- at least not yet . 
 `` i would n't rip you the time of day , '' zin said to johnnie-o , and added `` sir , '' as snidely as she could . 
 `` prob ` ly because you ca n't tell time , '' johnnie-o spat back . 
 nick tried to keep his laughter to himself . 
 clearly johnnie-o and zin were a match made in heaven , so he let them squawk freely at each another as they set off , leaving behind the great spacecraft that stood in patient anticipation , forever pointing toward the stars . 
 part two dancing with the deadlie in her book everything mary says is wrong , allie the outcast has this to say about the criminal arts : `` skinjacking , and ecto-ripping , along with all the other so-called ` criminal arts , ' are not criminal at all when in the hands of someone with a brain and a conscience . 
 calling them criminal arts is just one more way mary hightower puts a negative spin on things beyond her control . '' 
 chapter 8 treasures of the flesh the living world was habit-forming to a skinjacker . 
 there was no question about that . 
 allie tried to limit her skinjacking to the times she absolutely had to , but she only had so much self-control . 
 the pull of the living world was hard to resist , and got harder each time she jumped into a fleshie . 
 the girl she now skinjacked was about her age , maybe a year older , with drab clothes , tight shoes , bad teeth , and acne . 
 she was not someone you 'd particularly notice if she suddenly became possessed by a different girl . 
 allie had skinjacked her in a music store , and now stood a block away at a newsstand , on the small main street of abingdon , virginia . 
 allie 's purpose was research . 
 with all the time that had passed since she had left the living world , she had lost track of things . 
 who had won the last two world series ? 
 what was the state of global warming ? 
 what movies had she missed and what bands were at the top of the charts ? 
 this was the reason for today 's skinjacking . 
 that 's what she told mikey . 
 that 's what she told herself . 
 so she stood at the newsstand , scouring various newspapers and magazines , but as she did , she found herself completely uninterested in news of the living world . 
 what interested her more were all the things she could feel in this borrowed body . 
 the consciousness of the girl who owned it had been easily pushed down into mental steerage , leaving allie to luxuriate in her senses . 
 an unexpected heat wave had rolled into western virginia , and the humidity that might have been oppressive to the living , was wonderful to allie . 
 feeling the warmth , feeling herself sweat , feeling uncomfortable in a very human way -- these were just a few of the many things that everlost denied her . 
 and hunger ! 
 allie had no idea how long it had been since this girl had eaten , but she was certainly hungry -- her stomach was even growling . 
 she caught the dizzying , yeasty aroma of a bakery a few doors down . 
 a bell jingled as a customer opened the door , and the smell became so intense for a moment , it could have lifted allie off her feet . 
 she did n't dare go in ; how completely wrong would that be to indulge in cookies and pastries ? 
 for all she knew the girl was diabetic or had a deathly allergy to nuts . 
 she had to remind herself that skinjacking was a privilege , not a right . 
 `` are you buying that magazine , miss ? '' 
 asked the newsstand clerk , `` or are you just going to read them all for free ? '' 
 embarrassed , allie reached into the girl 's purse , pulled out a couple of dollars , and bought the tabloid in her hand . 
 only after she opened the purse did she realize she had opened her own personal treasure box . 
 she gazed in at the trappings of this girl 's life . 
 there was a set of keys with a heart-shaped key chain that said `` i love va. '' there was lip balm -- the kind that smelled like strawberry . 
 there was a pack of tissues to blow her wonderfully stuffy nose -- and nestled in the midst of it all : a snickers bar . 
 it had always been allie 's favorite ... and after all the girl was hungry . 
 besides , the candy bar was in her purse already -- which meant she must not have some unknown medical issue that would prevent her from eating it . 
 what harm would it do to take a single bite ? 
 `` i should n't ... '' `` should n't what ? '' 
 asked the news clerk . 
 allie had n't even realized she had spoken aloud . 
 `` i 'm not talking to you . '' 
 the clerk gave her a funny look and allie walked away . 
 crossing the street , she found a bus stop bench in the shade , and sat down . 
 i 've been in this girl for at least fifteen minutes , she thought . 
 the girl would be frightened once allie let her have her body back . 
 she 'd never know that allie had been there , but she would certainly miss the time . 
 on the other hand it was only fifteen minutes -- and it had n't been like the girl was doing anything important . 
 she was browsing in a music store , and seemed to be in no great hurry . 
 what was a few more minutes ? 
 allie pulled out the snickers bar and slowly ripped the edge then peeled back the paper . 
 the outside layer of chocolate had melted from the heat . 
 it was already getting on her hands and that immediately made her think of nick -- which made her need comfort food all the more . 
 she raised the snickers bar to her lips and took that single small bite , feeling her teeth sink into it , feeling the flavor rush over her taste buds . 
 life is wasted on the living , she thought . 
 they take all this for granted . 
 the feel of the weather , the taste of a candy bar , the inconvenience of time , and the nuisance of uncomfortable shoes . 
 to allie all of these things were wonderful . 
 once she had started the snickers bar , there simply was no way to stop . 
 one bite became two , became three , and soon the entire bar was gone . 
 now that the deed was done , she felt guilt that almost , but not quite , outweighed the pleasure . 
 she would go back to that newsstand and buy another candy bar for the girl and put it in her purse . 
 that 's what she would do . 
 `` was it good ? '' 
 said the high-pitched voice of a child . 
 she turned to see a very young boy and a very old man standing beside her . 
 the boy , who could n't be any older than three , stared at her with an expression that seemed a little too cold for such a small child . 
 the old man held his cane with a palsy shake and leered at her with a twisted kind of grin . 
 there was something about the two of them that gave her the creeps . 
 `` he asked you a question , '' said the old man . 
 `` are n't you going to answer him , huh ? 
 huh ? '' 
 `` yes , '' allie said . 
 `` it was good . 
 it was very good . '' 
 `` next time , '' said the little boy , `` you should get some milk to wash it down . '' 
 he held his cold stare for a moment more , then suddenly he burst out laughing and so did the old man . 
 the moment was too odd , too unsettling . 
 allie could feel gooseflesh bristling on her borrowed body . 
 she excused herself and crossed back to the newsstand , where she bought another snickers bar , and dropped it in the purse before returning to the music shop . 
 she would leave the girl exactly where she had found her , browsing in the alternative rock section . 
 only this time the girl would have to make sense of the twenty minutes missing from her life . 
 mikey waited . 
 he waited because he had no choice . 
 he could n't skinjack , and although he could follow allie , and watch what she did in the living world , he did n't want to . 
 there was something unpleasant about seeing her disappear into someone else 's body . 
 what made it even worse was her choice of hosts . 
 mikey could n't understand why she always chose the sorriest-looking fleshies to skinjack . 
 if you could jump into anyone , why not choose someone you 'd want to see in the mirror ? 
 unless of course you were a monster , as he had been , and took pride in an unpleasant appearance . 
 allie , however , was anything but a monster , so her choice of homely hosts baffled him . 
 perhaps i 'd understand it if i were more human , mikey thought . 
 he had spent so many years as a monster , he was still trying to get the hang of thinking the way humans think again . 
 considering the feelings of others , holding his temper , digging down to the deepest part of himself to find patience . 
 he had very little patience when allie skinjacked . 
 he paced and grumbled , he complained to their sad-eyed horse . 
 he steamed and stewed , and wished he were the mcgill again , because it was so much more satisfying to be discontent when he was physically repulsive . 
 now , according to allie , he was somewhat cute . 
 he often wondered if she said that to punish him . 
 `` i am not cute ! '' 
 he shouted to the horse . 
 the horse tossed its head and whinnied like it had just been shown some sort of great kindness . 
 it just irritated mikey even more . 
 although he did n't wish to be a monster again , neither did he want a condemnation of cuteness . 
 he looked to his right hand . 
 it had once been a deformed claw , covered in growths too unpleasant to mention . 
 he had made it that way himself , for he had the power of change . 
 of course that was before mary showed him that blasted picture of himself -- the memory-in-a-locket that forced him to remember who he was . 
 he turned his hand over , looking at his palm , his fingertips . 
 they glowed with his faint afterglow , but otherwise , they were plain and human , and they had n't changed since that day he violently and unexpectedly transformed back to his human self . 
 forcing change , however , had always been a different matter . 
 it did n't happen in an explosive burst of memory , it was slow , imperceptible . 
 it took weeks to make the smallest of physical changes stick -- but no one else he had ever met could do it . 
 sure , everyone changed over time as they forgot their lives on earth , but mikey could choose how he changed . 
 he could make himself into whatever he wanted . 
 but not anymore . 
 ever since becoming his former self , he had n't physically changed in the least . 
 `` it 's your fault ! '' 
 he had told allie in one of his weaker moments , but allie had just shrugged it off . 
 `` do n't blame me for your morphing issues , '' she had said -- but it was her fault in a way ... because for mikey to change , he had to truly want it . 
 and since allie liked him just the way he was , he simply did n't want it enough . 
 but allie was off skinjacking , was n't she ? 
 she was practicing her unique talent , so why should n't mikey practice his ? 
 and if he changed just a little , at least it would prove that he still could do it ! 
 it would prove that being mikey mcgill , the all-american afterlight , was a choice , and not a sentence . 
 so as he waited for allie at the edge of the small town , he concentrated on his hand , training his thoughts on forcing some new reality upon himself . 
 it did n't matter what the change was , as long as it happened . 
 he concentrated so hard he could swear the sun dimmed slightly in the sky . 
 and something happened ! 
 as he stared at his fingers , the skin between them began to grow . 
 he watched in building excitement , as the fingers of his right hand became webbed ! 
 true , it was only down at the lowest knuckle , but it had happened -- and much faster than ever before . 
 this kind of change would take days to cultivate , when he was the mcgill . 
 and it occurred to him that perhaps having been nonhuman for so long , had made him more elastic . 
 all it took was half an hour away from allie ! 
 it was that thought that brought his euphoria to a sudden end , because as illuminating as the moment was , it also cast a chilling shadow . 
 does this mean i 'll turn back into a monster if i 'm not with her ? 
 through the space still left between his fingers , he saw allie , hurrying across the street toward him . 
 the second he saw her , he reflexively hid his hand behind his back . 
 he could have cursed himself for not being more subtle about it . 
 `` we 're done here , '' she said . 
 `` you took way too long ! '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` lots of articles to read . '' 
 mikey thought he had gotten off easy , until she asked , `` why are you hiding your hand ? '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 still he held it behind his back . 
 then she got a troubled look in her eye , perhaps thinking about something she had seen or read during her little skinjacking expedition . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't like this place . '' 
 mikey glanced at the horse -- and that 's when she grabbed his wrist , pulling his right hand into full view . 
 he grimaced , realizing he had been caught red-handed -- or web-handed , as it were ... but to his surprise the flaps of skin linking his knuckles were gone . 
 `` hmmm , '' said allie . 
 `` nothing . 
 i guess you were telling the truth . '' 
 he folded his fingers over hers , interlocking them . 
 `` what reason would i have to lie to you ? '' 
 allie squeezed his fingers tighter and smiled . 
 `` you 're human now ; lying is a favorite human pastime . '' 
 as they climbed onto the horse , mikey decided he must be more human than he thought -- because not only had he lied , but he had gotten away with it . 
 the town soon gave way to countryside , and they came across an old rural route that was no longer a part of the living world . 
 here , mikey dug his heels into the horse and the horse took off in a cantor that was so much more efficient , something it could n't do while plodding through that soft stuff that made up the living world . 
 with allie so close to him on the horse , mikey wished he could read her mind , for even with her so close behind him , she felt miles away . 
 he was still frustrated by the time she spent skinjacking , but he knew better than to make an argument of it . 
 allie was the sharpest , most argument-winning girl he had ever met . 
 he knew she would make a convincing case for why she had every right to skinjack whenever she felt like it , and leave him waiting . 
 after all , it was n't her fault he could n't do it . 
 `` if i understood how it worked , '' she had once told him , `` do n't you think i would teach you ? '' 
 well , maybe she would , and maybe she would n't . 
 after all , he had been a monster and who knew if such power in his hands would be a good thing ? 
 now as he rode up and down the hills of virginia and into tennessee , he had to admit to himself something he had been avoiding for all their time together . 
 he was very good at being a monster -- but as a boy he was mediocre at best . 
 as it happens , mikey 's sense that allie was a bit distant was right on target . 
 at that moment , her thoughts were wandering far from the horse they rode . 
 her mind kept being drawn back to the town they had just left , and the one before that , and the one before that . 
 she was relieved to be away from civilization , and yet in her thoughts , she could n't leave it all behind , because the taste of the living was becoming too tempting -- and it was a taste -- an inner hunger that was powerful and all-consuming . 
 she felt herself becoming like a vampire , feasting not on blood , but on experience . 
 the silky smooth sensation of flesh . 
 the flavor of other people 's lives . 
 even now she longed to be wrapped in the living -- but she could share none of this with mikey . 
 he would n't understand . 
 empathy was not his strongest point -- even the nature of his own feelings were still a mystery to him , so how could allie expect him to understand hers ? 
 and so even though she sat in a close saddleback embrace , a wall had fallen between them . 
 allie kept her yearning for flesh a secret , certain that she could control it ... but then it started to rain . 
 in life , allie had always loved the rain . 
 when other people would bundle up and pull out their umbrellas , allie would revel in the feel of the rain against her hair , against her face . 
 `` you 'll catch your death of cold ! '' 
 her mother would always tell her , never imagining that allie would soon catch her death in an entirely different way . 
 in everlost , however , rain was different . 
 it washed through you instead of over you , tickling your insides like an itch you could n't scratch . 
 it was an unpleasant sensation that allie had never gotten used to . 
 as a drizzle became a shower , and the shower became a downpour , allie longed for the feel of it on her instead of in her . 
 she longed to be wet -- not just wet but so completely drenched that the only remedy was a warm fire . 
 on their travels , they stuck more to rural routes than highways , but the route they now traveled ended at a large lake , with a road continuing to the left and right . 
 they paused for a few moments , and the rain became heavier . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 mikey asked . 
 it was part of allie 's job to check maps when she skinjacked , and navigate their course . 
 she already knew that they needed to go to the left , and yet she said , `` i do n't know , i 'll have to check . '' 
 mikey grunted his disapproval , but allie ignored him as she dismounted . 
 there was a small boat dock in front of them , and a few hundred yards away , a convenience store and gas station . 
 needless to say , she had no intention of checking a map . 
 this skinjacking would serve an entirely different purpose , and as allie made her way toward the convenience store , she hoped she had n't missed the worst of the rain . 
 in the store was a tattooed man buying beer . 
 he was a skinjacking possibility , but only as a last resort . 
 the cashier was a tired-looking old woman , whose joints were probably already aching from the weather , and would n't appreciate being thrust out into the rain . 
 allie was beginning to fear she 'd have to settle for the tattooed guy , but then a woman hurried inside , wearing one of those hideous plastic rain ponchos the color of a traffic cone . 
 `` wet enough for ya , wanda ? '' 
 said the old woman behind the counter . 
 `` do n't mind it ; seen worse , '' wanda said . 
 `` i hear ya ! '' 
 allie had no idea what had brought wanda to a convenience store in this weather , but frankly she did n't care . 
 allie stepped inside her without a second thought , sliding in smooth and easy . 
 -- rolling rolling -- how long them dogs been rolling -- long enough to give me gas -- or worse -- i should n't go near those things , no sir -- she experienced the usual moment of disorientation , filled with the static of wanda 's thoughts , and then allie flipped that mental switch that sent wanda off to dreamland . 
 instantly allie knew why wanda was here . 
 she was hungry -- famished -- it seemed fleshies were always hungry , and allie liked it that way ! 
 now in complete control of the woman , allie looked toward the hot dogs rolling on the stainless steel poles of the industrial cooker . 
 she had already been thinking about them , had n't she ? 
 `` i 'll have a cheese dog , please , '' allie said . 
 the old woman was happy to oblige . 
 `` how 's sam these days ? '' 
 `` fine , fine , '' said allie -- and getting bold , she added , `` you know sam -- i ca n't pry him away from the tv . '' 
 the old woman laughed . 
 `` so he watches television now ? '' 
 `` uh ... yeah . 
 well , weekends mostly . 
 you know -- the games . '' 
 the old woman laughed . 
 `` do n't that beat all , a dog that watches sports ! '' 
 allie felt her borrowed face flush , and she decided that less is more when it came to living-world conversation . 
 she thanked the woman for the hot dog , paid with some cash from her purse , and downed the hot dog in three bites . 
 then she headed outside to the main event . 
 the rain ! 
 it drummed against her poncho , teasing her , daring her to pull back her hood , and she did , closing her eyes and turning up her face to receive it . 
 in an instant her hair was drenched , and rivers of rain ran down her cheeks . 
 it was all she remembered it was ! 
 she opened her mouth and felt the drops on her tongue , but it still was n't enough , so she grabbed the poncho , and pulled it off , exposing her flower-print blouse to the rain . 
 she was drenched , she was chilled , and it was wonderful ! 
 all caution had been lost in this glorious moment -- she did n't care who saw her , or how wet she got . 
 wanda would not catch her death of cold . 
 she 'd be soaked and confused , but in the end , wanda would have the benefit of that warm fire to dry her off , as she sat beside sam , the tv-watching dog . 
 allie twirled in the rain , laughing , and dizzy ... . 
 but then , as the rain began to let up , the guilt began to set in . 
 she had used wanda to satisfy her own selfish desire . 
 how could she have done that ? 
 she had to end this now , and get back to mikey . 
 somewhere in her rain dance , she had dropped the poncho , and it had blown to the feet of the gas station attendant , a dozen yards away , who picked it up , and came toward her . 
 `` looks like you dropped this , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' allie said . 
 `` i got a little carried away . '' 
 `` nothing wrong with that . 
 not at all , not at all . '' 
 he handed her back the poncho , smiling a lopsided smile that allie could swear she 'd seen before . 
 `` not from around here , are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 only now did allie notice that he was just as wet as she , and did n't seem to care . 
 `` yes , i am , '' allie said , figuring that wanda must live nearby . 
 his smile got wider . 
 more crooked . 
 `` right , right , but i 'm not talking about the fleshie , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm talking about you . '' 
 then his hand thrust out and grabbed allie 's wrist -- grabbed it hard . 
 it hurt -- maybe more than it should have because it was the first time in a very long time allie had felt pain . 
 fleshie ? 
 did he say fleshie ? 
 then that must mean ... she ripped herself from his grasp , and turned to run , but then found herself running right into a drenched man in a business suit -- a man with beady eyes colder than the rain . 
 `` first a candy bar , then a hot dog , '' he said . 
 `` always hungry , are n't you ! '' 
 all at once allie knew where she had seen these two before . 
 it was n't their faces she recognized -- because the faces were different -- but their presence was the same . 
 this was the old man and the little boy she had run into in the last town . 
 but they had never been a little boy or an old man , any more than she had been the chubby girl eating a snickers bar . 
 they were skinjackers ! 
 the `` businessman '' pushed her painfully back against the gas pump , jarring loose the nozzle , which clattered to the ground . 
 `` looks like we 've finally caught up with jackin ' jill ! '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about ! '' 
 `` do n't lie to us ! '' 
 and his grip on her shoulders got tighter . 
 well , they were n't the only ones who could use flesh to their advantage . 
 pain was a two-way street . 
 she lifted her knee sharply , nailing the `` businessman '' where it counts . 
 his cold eyes went wide , and he doubled over in pain , yowling . 
 then , as the `` gas station attendant '' reached for her , she grabbed the gas hose , and swung the nozzle at his head . 
 it connected with his jaw , spinning him around . 
 wasting no time , she peeled herself out of wanda , returning to everlost . 
 the two men were on the ground now , and allie could see the skinjackers inside them beginning to squirm their way out . 
 they must have been spying on her the other day when she jumped into the snickers girl . 
 if they had been there to watch her skinjack , and saw her peel out , too , it would be easy to follow allie all the way here , jacking these two men as soon as she took over wanda . 
 well , wanda and those poor men would have to sort this out for themselves , because allie was n't about to stand there and wait to be attacked again . 
 she turned and ran to the dock , where mikey was waiting . 
 mikey , however , was having his own problems . 
 he had hopped off the horse right after allie had left , and as soon as she was out of view , he began to practice changing again . 
 it took a minute or two to gain enough focus to do it -- especially with the rain , which was an unpleasant distraction . 
 just as before , he trained all of his attention on his right hand -- this time trying to force the growth of a sixth finger . 
 it worked ! 
 the finger sprouted right between his thumb and index finger , growing to be just as long as his pinky -- but then kept on growing . 
 soon it was as long as his index finger -- and still it did n't stop . 
 no big deal , he thought . 
 he just needed to regain his focus . 
 he started this , so he could stop it . 
 but then a seventh finger began to grow next to his pinky -- and an eighth sprouted from his palm . 
 changing himself , it seemed , was becoming easier and easier . 
 the problem was stopping the process of mutation , and reversing it . 
 now the knuckles of his fingers were growing fingers of their own , like branches of a tree . 
 there were too many to count . 
 beginning to panic , he put all of his focus into reining it in . 
 he looked at his hand , imagining his will to be a relentless wave washing across his many misbegotten fingers . 
 the growth finally slowed and stopped . 
 he sent forth his will in a second wave , hoping -- praying -- that the extra fingers would shrivel and disappear , for how could he face allie like this ? 
 slowly the many fingers began to shrink . 
 so focused was mikey on his current plight that he never noticed the sudden absence of the horse . 
 shiloh the famous diving horse was a loyal , if not entirely intelligent , animal . 
 only one thing was stronger than its loyalty : its desire to perform the death-defying , crowd-pleasing high dive . 
 this was the creature 's grand purpose . 
 it had performed this feat before cheering crowds for most of its life on atlantic city 's steel pier , and had continued to do so in everlost , until the day mikey mcgill climbed on its back to escape a marauding mob . 
 the steel pier was far away now ... however , the dock that extended into the lake looked very much like a pier . 
 the sight of it filled the horse 's spirit . 
 true , there was no highdive platform . 
 true , there was no tank to land in -- but there certainly was water ! 
 although shiloh 's time with allie and mikey had been somewhat entertaining , when the chance to perform one final leap presented itself , how could any self-respecting high-diving horse resist ? 
 and so , by the time mikey had gotten his hand back down to the usual number of fingers , the horse was already barreling at full gallop down the dock . 
 mikey ran after it the moment he saw it , but it was no use . 
 by the time he reached the dock , the horse was already nearing the end , and showed no signs of slowing down . 
 still , mikey raced after it , hoping that the creature would come to its senses before hurling itself into oblivion . 
 the horse , however , was of a single mind . 
 it reached the end of the dock , released a whinny of pure joy , and launched itself gleefully off the end . 
 it hit the water , passed into the lake , and kept plummeting downward . 
 in a moment it hit lake bottom , and passed into the earth , where it began its long journey toward the center of the earth . 
 deep down in its equine mind , the horse knew that there was no return , but that was all right , for it also knew that this was the greatest high dive of all ! 
 far above , mikey mcgill finally reached the end of the dock , stomping and cursing like a child having a tantrum , nearly sinking through the wood of the pier . 
 the horse was gone without leaving as much as a ripple in the living-world water to mark its passage . 
 `` mikey ! '' 
 and of course this would be the moment allie would choose to return ! 
 mikey knew she had seen the whole thing -- it was there in the panicked look on her face . 
 `` i 'll go after it ! '' 
 mikey told her . 
 `` i 'll dive down after it and bring it back ! '' 
 but even as he said it , he knew it would n't work . 
 yes , he had ridden the horse out of the earth once before , but such a feat required a certain passion he no longer had . 
 the monster within him had been tamed , but domestication came with a cost . 
 surely he still had the power to pull himself out of the depths , but he doubted he could do it on horseback . 
 mikey had no way of knowing that allie 's troubled look had little to do with the horse . 
 she had run from the gas station so quickly , she actually felt out of breath -- a sensation that was technically impossible for an afterlight , and yet still she felt it . 
 when she saw the horse go off the dock , her heart sank . 
 first for the loss of shiloh , and second , because with him went their only chance for a quick escape . 
 she tried to get mikey 's attention , but he still blustered like the storm clouds above . 
 `` stupid horse ! '' 
 `` forget about that ! 
 we 've got a bigger problem . '' 
 she grabbed him and forced him to look at her . 
 `` skinjackers . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` two of them ! 
 they 've been following us -- we 've got to get out of here ! '' 
 but as she turned , she realized it was too late . 
 the two skinjackers were at the foot of the dock , stalking toward them . 
 allie had not seen them in their true form -- she had only seen the hosts they had inhabited . 
 in a way it was easier to face them in the living world , where everything was limited by the simple rules of flesh and bone . 
 even though she had never actually seen their faces , she knew which was which . 
 the skinjacker to the right was tall and thin , with a puffy , rodentlike face . 
 he had knobby knees and elbows -- too knobby , actually -- exaggerated like his skewed grin , which practically stretched all the way to his right ear . 
 `` well , well , '' he said . 
 `` jackin ' jill has a friend ! '' 
 the other skinjacker was in a blue and white football uniform , and his face was little more than a pair of unpleasant eyes in a football helmet . 
 he was big -- the kind of kid who was destined to be a linebacker whether he was good at the sport or not . 
 now , after what must have been a very bad game for him , he was stuck as a permanent linebacker in everlost . 
 when he spoke , his words came out slurred and slobbery , due to the fact that he also had a mouth guard stuck perpetually between his teeth . 
 `` wait a shecond , '' he said . 
 `` that ` sh not jackin ' jill ! '' 
 `` it is ! 
 it is ! '' 
 said the skinny one . 
 `` she just made herself look different , that 's all ! '' 
 `` she ca n't do shumthing like that , can she ? '' 
 allie leaned over to mikey and whispered in his ear . 
 `` we 'll run on the count of three . '' 
 to which mikey responded , `` i do n't run . 
 and neither do you . '' 
 he was right about that . 
 but seeing other skinjackers -- it had shaken her even more than she realized . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll fight them . '' 
 then she thought about how she had been pushed against the gas pump . 
 `` but the football player 's mine . '' 
 both allie and mikey prepared themselves for the battle , but before it could begin , someone else showed up on the scene . 
 a fleshie came running onto the dock . 
 a teenaged , leather-clad punk with spiky hair that defied the rain . 
 but in an instant the wet spikes resolved into dry curls , and the face became a little less angular . 
 it took a moment for allie to realize what was happening . 
 a third skinjacker had arrived , and he had just peeled out of his host . 
 he wore a striped t-shirt that was a little too tight for his muscular frame , and he was old by everlost standards . 
 seventeen maybe . 
 while the punk-fleshie toddled off in confusion , the third skinjacker grabbed the gangly kid and the football player . 
 `` what do you think you are doing ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 he had an accent that allie could n't quite place at first . 
 `` it 's jackin ' jill ! '' 
 said the gangly one , weakly . 
 `` does she look like jackin ' jill to you ? '' 
 the third skinjacker said . 
 the accent was definitely eastern european . 
 if allie had to guess , she would say it was russian . 
 the football player was n't sure whether to shake his head or to nod , so he did a little bit of both . 
 it made him look like a bobblehead doll . 
 `` when we shaw her jack the fat girl back in virginia , we were n't closhe enough to shee her faish . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said the other one , `` and when she peeled out we had to hang way back , so we still did n't see her face then , either . '' 
 the russian kid heaved a heavy , resigned sigh , then he turned to allie and mikey , apologetically . 
 `` this is my fault , '' he said . 
 `` when they told me they found a skinjacker , i told them to keep their eyes on you . 
 now i realize i should have done it myself . '' 
 he let go of the other two , and took a step forward . 
 `` i am milos -- and you have already met moose and squirrel . '' 
 he threw an angry look at his cohorts , and moose pushed squirrel , nearly launching him off the side of the dock . 
 `` it was hish fault ! '' 
 squirrel pushed him back , but it was n't nearly as effective . 
 `` you have some nerve spying on us at all ! '' 
 mikey said . 
 `` please , forgive me , '' milos said calmly , `` but we have had some ... bad experiences , and they thought you were someone else . '' 
 `` they attacked me , '' allie said . 
 `` i had to hurt a couple of fleshies because of them . '' 
 mikey looked at them , furious , and clenched his fists . 
 `` they attacked you ? '' 
 `` i assure you this will not happen again . '' 
 the third skinjacker turned to moose and squirrel . 
 `` your behavior was unacceptable . 
 apologize ! '' 
 the two looked down like kids in the principal 's office . 
 `` sorry , '' said squirrel . 
 `` yeah , shorry , '' said moose . 
 allie shook her head . 
 `` sometimes sorry 's not enough . '' 
 `` then , '' said milos with a slight bow , `` allow me to make it up to you . '' 
 he held his hand out in an open-palmed gesture , as if he expected allie to place her hand in his . 
 she did n't . 
 `` you can make it up to us , '' said mikey , `` by getting lost . '' 
 milos remained calm and smooth . 
 `` but have you not longed for the company of other skinjackers ? '' 
 he asked mikey . 
 `` surely we can put all this behind us and start again . '' 
 apparently milos just assumed that mikey was also a skinjacker . 
 mikey did n't say anything to correct him , so allie kept quiet about it as well . 
 `` we 're fine on our own , '' mikey said . 
 although allie knew they did n't need milos 's help , and certainly had no desire to spend quality time with moose and squirrel , there was something enticing about milos . 
 he was civilized and sane -- she could see it in his eyes -- curious eyes that were blue , speckled with white , like a sky dotted with clouds . 
 it would be a relief having another skinjacker to talk to -- someone who could understand what it was like . 
 `` we 're on our way to memphis , '' allie told him , and mikey looked at her , incredulous . 
 milos smiled . 
 `` then allow us to accompany you . 
 at least part of the way . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 said mikey . 
 allie gently took mikey 's hand , holding it to reassure him -- and also to make it clear to milos that the two of them were together in every way that mattered . 
 `` you can travel with us for a little while , '' allie said . 
 `` i 'm allie . 
 this is mikey . '' 
 moose gasped . 
 `` allie the outcasht ? '' 
 mikey grabbed him by his face guard , pulled him close and growled in his face . 
 `` that 's right . 
 touch her again and you 'll wish you never died . '' 
 `` yesh shir , '' said moose . 
 `` now , '' said milos , `` i suggest we get off this dock before we sink right through it . '' 
 he gestured for allie to take the lead , which she did -- and although she never let go of mikey 's hand , she could n't help but appreciate milos 's suave manner . 
 most of the boys she had met in everlost were wild to the point of being feral . 
 allie never considered herself a lady , but for once it was nice to be treated like one . 
 in her book further reasons for caution , mary hightower has this to say about roving bands of skinjackers : `` while a single skinjacker is trouble enough , a group of wild skinjackers is a frightening prospect , indeed . 
 these afterlights caught between two worlds are to be pitied and feared , for the madness of flesh has infected their minds . 
 if word reaches you of skinjackers in your area , it is best for all involved to steer clear of them , and report the sighting to an authority . '' 
 chapter 9 good stewards while moose and squirrel might have been the poster children illustrating mary 's point about `` wild skinjackers , '' they were marginally civilized under milos 's guidance . 
 `` they are not so bad , '' milos told mikey and allie . 
 `` or should i say , i have seen much worse . '' 
 the rain had given way to broken clouds , and they continued to follow the road around the lake . 
 mikey was sullen , and did n't talk much , and moose and squirrel , always lingering a dozen paces behind , snickered over their own private jokes . 
 milos , however was full of conversation for the newcomers . 
 allie supposed that , having had no one but moose and squirrel to talk to , he was starved for intelligent conversation . 
 milos told them that they had traveled as a group for several years . 
 the `` deadlies '' they called themselves . 
 there were four -- milos , moose , squirrel , and a girl they called jackin ' jill . 
 jill , however , was gone , and milos did n't say any more about it . 
 allie found it all interesting , but mikey kept making exasperated sounds , as if listening to milos was like torture . 
 `` mikey , you 're being rude , '' allie told him after a particularly loud groan . 
 `` sorry , '' said mikey , although it sounded more like a curse than an apology . 
 milos continued the tale of his afterlife , unoffended . 
 as allie suspected , milos had come from russia . 
 `` russian-born , but american-dead , '' as he put it . 
 his family had moved to america from st. petersburg . 
 milos had been hanging out with friends on the roof of his apartment building , and had fallen off . 
 `` it was a stupid way to go , '' milos said . 
 mikey scoffed . 
 `` my sister and i got hit by a train , '' he said . 
 `` we all die in stupid ways , and this is a stupid conversation . '' 
 he picked up his pace , leaving them , and the conversation , behind . 
 allie thought to apologize to milos for mikey 's behavior , but she was tired of making excuses for him . 
 anyway , milos was a good sport about it . 
 `` i would have gone into the light if i could , '' milos told allie . 
 `` but the light would not take me . 
 it would just keep throwing me back . '' 
 this surprised allie . 
 not even mary , in her various volumes on everlost lore , never mentioned anyone reaching the end of the tunnel , only to be denied admittance . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 allie asked . 
 `` maybe you just never reached the light . '' 
 `` i suppose your friend would say the light did n't like me and spit me out . '' 
 allie laughed . 
 `` well , i suppose you 're an acquired taste . '' 
 she looked toward mikey . 
 he was twenty yards ahead of them , striding with an impatient pace . 
 his hands were in his pockets , his shoulders high , and he looked to the ground . 
 even when they were together he seemed to be alone in some fundamental way . 
 it saddened her . 
 `` it 's because we are skinjackers , '' milos said . 
 `` the light wo n't take us . 
 it would have been the same for you and your friend , had you made it as far as the light . '' 
 allie cast her gaze down , wondering how long they could keep secret the fact that mikey could not skinjack . 
 then it suddenly struck her what milos had just said . 
 how major it was -- how important it was . 
 `` milos ... if skinjackers ca n't go into the light , then that explains why my coin never gets hot , does n't it ? '' 
 milos nodded . 
 `` i have seen others find passage into the next place , but never skinjackers , '' he said . 
 `` you could say our money is no good . '' 
 `` so are you saying ... we 'll never leave everlost ? '' 
 `` of coursh we 'll leave , '' said moose , eavesdropping with squirrel , right behind them . 
 `` we 'll leave when we ca n't shkinjack anymore . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said squirrel . 
 `` so we got ta jack when the jackin ' is good ! '' 
 it had never occurred to allie that skinjacking could be temporary . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` as long as it takes , '' milos said . 
 `` as long as what takes ? '' 
 moose and squirrel looked to each other and laughed , but milos threw them an angry glance , and they fell silent . 
 `` the length of your natural life span , '' milos said . 
 `` that is how long you can skinjack . '' 
 for allie this was a revelation . 
 it cast everything in a new light . 
 she had been so worried that she would feel compelled to take her coin and move on after finding her family , but if she was stuck in everlost for the length of her natural life , then her coin would n't work . 
 she was n't going anywhere . 
 she thought about telling mikey , but decided to keep it to herself . 
 if he was going to act all antisocial , then there were things he deserved not to know . 
 `` what do you mean by ` the length of our natural lives ? ' '' 
 she asked milos . 
 `` do you mean the time we would have died if we had died of natural causes ? '' 
 milos gave the slightest of shrugs . 
 `` something like that , yes . '' 
 allie sensed there was more to it , but that was all milos said on the matter . 
 she would have pushed further , but at that moment , they had come around a bend in the road , and saw the interstate in the distance . 
 `` excellent , '' milos said . 
 `` from here it will be easy . '' 
 he picked up the pace with moose and squirrel . 
 as they passed mikey , milos gave him a friendly clap on the back , which just made mikey pull his shoulders in even tighter . 
 allie caught up with mikey . 
 `` you could make the best of this , '' allie said , `` instead of being so unpleasant . '' 
 `` i do n't like this , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i do n't like him . 
 he 's much too friendly . '' 
 `` you lost the right to be a judge of character when you became the mcgill . '' 
 `` so when do i get it back ? '' 
 `` you do n't , '' allie told him , intentionally flip . 
 `` i do all the judging , and i say milos 's character is acceptable . '' 
 mikey grumbled something under his breath , and allie nudged him . 
 `` you 're just mad because he 's handsome and charming . '' 
 mikey would n't look her in the eye . 
 `` really ? 
 i had n't noticed . '' 
 the interstate exit was the only one for miles , and around it were clustered fast food chains , gas stations , and uninviting motels . 
 cars from dozens of states flowed on and off the interstate in an endless stream . 
 milos surveyed the scene , then turned to moose and squirrel . 
 `` you check the south side of the highway ; we shall check the north . '' 
 moose and squirrel obediently trotted across the highway , ignoring the traffic whooshing through them . 
 `` would you mind telling us what we 're looking for ? '' 
 asked mikey . 
 `` family of five , '' milos said , as if it was obvious , `` or , if not a family , then five people traveling together . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' said allie . 
 milos looked at her and shook his head . 
 `` you have much to learn about skinjacking . '' 
 he turned to look at the burger king parking lot in front of them . 
 `` we shall skinjack five people in the same car , '' he explained . 
 `` then we drive to memphis . '' 
 allie was appalled , and did n't try to hide it . 
 `` is that how you travel ? 
 by ripping people out of their lives ? '' 
 `` this is one way we travel , yes , '' said milos , matter-offactly . 
 `` that 's terrible ! '' 
 milos looked at her , a bit stunned by her response . 
 `` we do not harm them -- and they get their bodies back when we are done . '' 
 `` yes , but hundreds of miles away from where they started , never knowing how or why . '' 
 allie looked at a family leaving the burger king . 
 she wondered where they might be going . 
 she wondered what it would be like to be traveling to one place , only to find yourself somewhere else entirely . 
 `` people have plans ! '' 
 allie insisted . 
 `` it 's one thing to borrow , it 's another to steal . '' 
 milos smiled at her , and crossed his arms . 
 `` so allie the outcast has a conscience . '' 
 allie could n't tell whether he was impressed or mocking her . 
 mikey , who had been happy to watch them argue , now stepped between them . 
 `` forget it , allie , let him skinjack whoever he wants -- we do n't need to go with him . '' 
 and then mikey added , quietly so only allie could hear , `` it 's not going to work for us anyway , if you know what i mean ... . '' 
 but allie found herself too irritated by milos 's smug expression to back down now . 
 `` all i 'm saying is we have a responsibility . 
 we have to be ... good stewards . '' 
 this time mikey stepped right in front of her , eclipsing her view of milos completely . 
 `` let 's just go , okay ? '' 
 milos took a step around mikey , back into her view . 
 `` perhaps my time in everlost has made me callous , '' he said . 
 `` maybe we should give more care to those we skinjack . 
 so then , as a good steward , how would you suggest we proceed ? '' 
 allie looked to the interstate . 
 `` let 's take the time to find a family of five that 's already going to memphis . '' 
 mikey threw up his hands . 
 `` you 're forgetting one thing ! '' 
 he said angrily . 
 `` i ca n't skinjack ! '' 
 allie found herself speechless -- in her frustration she had ignored the single fact that made their skinjacking jaunt an impossibility . 
 when she turned , she saw moose and squirrel standing there dumbstruck as well . 
 `` did he jusht shay he ca n't shkinjack ? '' 
 asked moose , pointing at mikey . 
 mikey turned on moose as bitterly as the mcgill would have . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 shouted mikey . 
 `` ca n't hear through that stinking helmet ? 
 maybe i 'll rip it off along with your head and shout down your neck ! '' 
 allie grabbed mikey 's arm and held him firmly . 
 it was enough to ratchet him down to a simmer . 
 milos did n't say anything , he just stroked his chin , pondering the change in circumstance . 
 squirrel looked at allie , confused . 
 `` so why are you even with him if he ca n't skinjack , huh , huh ? '' 
 `` there are more important things than skinjacking , '' mikey snapped . 
 squirrel shook his head . 
 `` no there 's not . '' 
 allie was about to launch into a hundred defenses of her relationship with mikey , but milos cut her off by saying , `` then we shall walk . '' 
 squirrel looked at him slack-jawed . 
 `` but-but -- '' `` did he jusht say we 're walking ? '' 
 asked moose . 
 `` is there a hurry ? 
 no ! '' 
 said milos . 
 `` and it is a beautiful time of year . 
 i see no problem in walking . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , but what about jackin ' jill ? '' 
 said squirrel . 
 `` we still got ta find her and teach her a lesson . '' 
 `` we will find her when we find her , '' milos said . 
 `` a few days wo n't make a difference . '' 
 allie could n't help but notice how he bristled at the mention of her name . 
 milos then looked to the highway . 
 `` we shall travel on the interstate -- it will take us straight there . '' 
 squirrel shuffled his feet , and moose just looked down , slowly shaking his head . 
 `` if you have a problem with this , then leave , '' milos said to them sternly . 
 he looked around , then pointed at a car just arriving in the burger king lot . 
 `` there -- a man and a woman in a miata . 
 be my guest . '' 
 he gave them an elaborate but annoyed gesture . 
 moose and squirrel did n't move . 
 `` no ? '' 
 said milos . 
 `` then you will both kindly close your mouths , and accompany our friends to memphis . '' 
 he turned his back on them and strode off toward the interstate . 
 moose looked at squirrel , and squirrel hit him on the helmet . 
 `` what are you looking at , huh , huh ? '' 
 he followed milos , and moose lumbered off behind him , all shoulder pads and shame . 
 allie turned to mikey . 
 `` are you coming , or are you just going to stand there and sink ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm coming . '' 
 mikey pulled his feet out of the ground , and the two of them headed off after the others . 
 `` you should thank milos , '' allie said . 
 `` he just stood up for you . '' 
 but mikey clearly was n't in a thanking mood . 
 mikey mcgill had been in everlost for a very long time , and had experienced a great many things . 
 he had captained a ship , he had sunk to the center of the earth , and climbed back again , he had been a boy , a monster , and a boy once again . 
 he had amassed a fortune of crossed objects , and had lost that fortune as well . 
 he had endured . 
 yet through all of it , no experience was as confusing and unreasonable as the experience of love . 
 he had denied for the longest time that he loved allie . 
 he had told himself their relationship was of no great consequence -- that he was merely grateful to her for having saved him from being a monster . 
 he had told himself that their companionship was merely a useful arrangement , while he considered what to do next . 
 all of these were lies . 
 the fact was , he loved allie so intensely it frightened him . 
 there were times when he looked at her that his own afterglow mellowed from pale blue to almost lavender . 
 he realized that love must have its own spectral shade , and wondered if allie ever noticed it . 
 his own reaction to milos caught mikey off guard . 
 when he was the mcgill no one dared challenge mikey 's authority . 
 he ruled supreme . 
 although things were different since teaming up with allie , in all this time , no one had penetrated the little circle he and allie had made . 
 the two of them were always on the move -- other afterlights they met passed in and out of view like the scenery . 
 now , however , their circle had become an unpleasant fellowship of five . 
 it was n't moose and squirrel that troubled mikey . 
 milos was the threat . 
 milos , and his easy smile , and his exotic accent , and the wispy hint of facial hair that might have been a beard had he lived a year longer . 
 allie called him charming -- and although mikey knew she had said it just to tease him , it did more than that . 
 it goaded him . 
 it taunted him . 
 mikey had no idea whether or not milos was a good spirit , or bad , all he knew was that he hated milos for simply existing . 
 for two days as they walked along interstate 81 , and then interstate 40 , nobody skinjacked . 
 this was by milos 's decree -- out of respect for mikey , so he said . 
 by twilight of the second day , moose and squirrel were itching for it . 
 mikey could tell that allie was too . 
 as they rested on a set of deadspots , beneath what must have been a particularly lethal overpass , mikey could see allie 's restlessness . 
 `` you were n't like this before , '' mikey said to allie as they sat on a spot a dozen yards away from the others . 
 `` you never needed to skinjack . '' 
 allie did n't answer right away , but she did n't shrug it off either . 
 `` i 've been skinjacking more lately , '' she finally said , `` and the more you skinjack , the more you need to . 
 do n't ask me to explain it , because i ca n't . '' 
 `` do you want to be like them ? '' 
 he asked her , pointing to moose and squirrel , who were twitchy and irritable , like drug addicts needing a fix . 
 `` i 'll never be like them , '' allie said , although she did n't seem too confident . 
 `` and anyway , once we get to memphis , they 'll go their way , and we 'll go ours . '' 
 `` and which way is that ? '' 
 again , allie did n't have an answer for him . 
 this was n't like her -- allie tended to have an answer for everything , even if it was wrong . 
 `` everything 's changed now , '' allie said , although she did n't say why . 
 `` i know what 'll happen , '' mikey said . 
 `` you 'll see your family , and you 'll take your coin and go . 
 i know you will . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` trust me , i wo n't . 
 and anyway , you were the one who brought me to cape may to find my family , were n't you ? '' 
 she was right about that . 
 mikey shrugged . 
 `` so ? 
 i was trying to do the right thing . 
 the human thing . 
 but maybe i do n't want to do the right thing anymore . '' 
 he could n't look at her as he said it , and he thought she 'd be mad at him and launch into a long speech about the virtues of human compassion and thinking of others before yourself . 
 but instead she smiled and said , `` i 'll make you a promise , mikey . 
 i promise that i 'll always be here for you ... and i promise not to move on ... until you do . '' 
 then she leaned over and gave him a gentle kiss on the cheek . 
 he hoped she did n't notice the slight lavender blush of his afterglow . 
 allie had , in fact , noticed the faint color shift in mikey 's afterglow several times before , and although she was usually quite smart about things , she missed all the cues on this one . 
 she simply assumed it was some sort of remnant from his life as the mcgill -- the equivalent of a living-world scar that ached with changes in the weather . 
 after all they 'd been through , she cared for mikey deeply -- not as a boyfriend , though , because that was a living-world concept , and in the living world , boyfriends come and go . 
 a hand held today would be slapping a face tomorrow . 
 mikey was n't like a brother to her either . 
 nick was the one she saw as a brother ; connected forever , born into everlost at the same moment , like ghostly twins . 
 what was mikey , then ? 
 a soul mate ? 
 perhaps . 
 she could n't deny there was a sense of comfort in their relationship . 
 they were perfect companions -- a good fit for each other . 
 just being with him gave her a feeling of peace and belonging , but it lacked ... excitement . 
 sure , from time to time , when the moment called for it , she would kiss him , but an everlost kiss was not the same as a living kiss . 
 there was no heat to it , no beating heart , no adrenaline rush . 
 there can be no way to find oneself breathless when one does n't really need to breathe . 
 in the end , companions are all two afterlights can ever be . 
 and now there was milos . 
 allie could understand why mikey saw milos as a threat -- and she had to admit she enjoyed teasing mikey about it -- but only because she knew mikey had nothing to worry about . 
 she had no desire to abandon mikey for someone else , and certainly not for milos . 
 so she entered into her friendship with milos fully believing she had her eyes open and her mind set . 
 she was very wrong . 
 chapter 10 skinjacking for fun and profit the following morning , milos suggested a skinjacking expedition to a nearby roadside caf茅 . 
 `` no disrespect is meant to you , my friend , '' he said to mikey apologetically , `` but like it or not , we skinjackers do have needs . '' 
 mikey could see how much allie perked up at the suggestion . 
 he could also see how much she tried to hide it . 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said squirrel . 
 `` needs . 
 like we need to sit inside a nice , juicy fleshie , and enjoy their nice juicy bacon cheeseburger . '' 
 `` why should i care if you skinjack ? '' 
 mikey said . 
 `` do whatever you want . '' 
 then milos turned to allie . 
 `` you should join us , '' he said . 
 `` i can see you are in need . '' 
 `` she does n't need anything , '' said mikey . 
 but allie said , `` i can speak for myself , mikey . '' 
 then she looked at milos , and said , `` thank you for the invitation , but i 'd prefer not to . '' 
 this , mikey knew was a lie -- he knew she really did want to go , but instead she stayed with mikey as the other three left . 
 it was a good feeling to know she chose to say with him , but that was tempered by how bad he felt to know he was making her suffer . 
 `` tell ush about mary the shky witsch . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , tell us . '' 
 milos , moose , and squirrel had come back from the diner in good spirits . 
 it was dark now and all five of them rested on a deadspot on the highway shoulder . 
 like allie , these three other skinjackers enjoyed the act of sleeping -- a totally unnecessary thing for an afterlight . 
 mikey much preferred nonstop wakefulness -- but he had been willing to adhere to a living sleep cycle because that 's what allie preferred . 
 now he realized it must be a common desire among skinjackers . 
 it was just one more thing making mikey feel like the odd man out . 
 `` iz it true the shky witsch iz beautiful ? '' 
 `` is it true she rides in a giant balloon ? 
 huh , huh ? '' 
 apparently moose and squirrel wanted bedtime stories as they sat there in a small circle . 
 there was no campfire , only the gentle light of their afterglows . 
 `` do we really need to talk about this ? '' 
 said mikey . 
 `` of course not , '' said milos . 
 `` if you would rather not . '' 
 but then he added , `` i am curious , though . 
 i have never met anyone who knows the sky witch or the chocolate ogre -- and you know both ! '' 
 well , allie was the one who dropped their names , mikey decided to let her field the questions . 
 `` so , so you 're friends with them ? '' 
 asked squirrel . 
 `` the chocolate ogre -- nick , i mean -- is my friend , '' allie said . 
 moose shook his helmeted head . 
 `` thatsh a bad name for an ogre . '' 
 `` nick 's not an ogre . 
 or at least i do n't think he is -- i have n't seen him for a long time , '' allie said . 
 `` we died in the same car accident . '' 
 both moose and squirrel looked over at milos when she said that . 
 mikey wondered why , and wondered if allie noticed . 
 `` sho what about the shky witch ? '' 
 asked moose . 
 `` her name is mary hightower , '' allie said . 
 `` i know , i know , '' said squirrel excitedly . 
 `` i seen her books ! '' 
 `` her real name is megan , '' said mikey , feeling further and further out of the loop . 
 `` mary 's just her middle name . '' 
 but the others ignored him . 
 `` do n't believe everything you read in those books , '' allie said . 
 `` she lies and makes stuff up when it suits her . '' 
 `` she does not have nice things to say about skinjackers , '' milos said . 
 `` still , i would like to meet her one day . 
 she seems very ... intriguing . '' 
 `` that 's not the word i would use , '' allie said . 
 `` she lures souls in , and traps them in an endless rut , doing the same thing day after day , forever . '' 
 `` and , '' added mikey , `` she 's my sister . '' 
 the others looked at him for a moment , and broke out laughing . 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' squirrel scoffed , `` and the mcgill is my cousin . '' 
 now allie burst out laughing , which just made mikey more annoyed . 
 `` if the mcgill was your cousin , '' mikey said , `` i can guarantee he 'd disown you . '' 
 allie reached over and secretly squeezed mikey 's hand , leaving him to wonder what the squeeze meant . 
 was it a show of affection , or was she trying to tell him he was revealing too much information ? 
 `` now it 's your turn , '' said allie , changing the subject . 
 `` tell us about jackin ' jill . '' 
 clearly this was a sore spot with the other skinjackers , because they all looked away . 
 finally milos spoke up . 
 `` she and i were very close , '' he said . 
 `` how close ? '' 
 mikey asked , realizing milos had a nice wound worthy of being prodded and poked . 
 `` close , '' was the only answer he gave . 
 `` we traveled together , doing jobs for other afterlights , in exchange for crossed objects . '' 
 `` jobs ? '' 
 asked allie . 
 `` what kinds of jobs ? '' 
 `` jobs that could only be accomplished by skinjackers , '' milos said . 
 `` we would tell family members that their loved one in everlost was all right . 
 we would pass on some information that they otherwise would have taken to the grave . 
 we would finish their unfinished business in the living world . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said squirrel . 
 `` there was one kid who was obsessed with finishing his model airplane . 
 so moose and i skinjacked a couple of neighbor kids and finished it for him . '' 
 `` and do n't forget the time we got hired by that kid in philly to beat up the fleshie that got him killed . '' 
 milos sighed . 
 `` some tasks were more appropriate for moose and squirrel than others . '' 
 `` impressive , '' said mikey , in spite of himself . 
 the idea of using skinjacking as a profitable skill tickled mikey where he lived . 
 `` yeah , yeah -- we were very impressive -- and we were rich , too , '' said squirrel . 
 milos nodded . 
 `` by everlost standards . 
 we had quite a collection of crossed objects -- and these were not just ordinary items . 
 we had gold and diamonds -- our customers would trade us their prized possessions in return for what we could offer . 
 we even had a porsche . '' 
 `` no way ! '' 
 said allie . 
 `` it 's true , it 's true , '' said squirrel , `` but it was a pain in the neck , 'cause it could only drive on roads that do n't exist no more . '' 
 `` jill would be the one to pass on messages to the living . 
 she was best at convincing the living that the message was real . '' 
 milos looked off , caught in the memory . 
 `` then , one day we woke up , and jill was gone , along with the car and all of our finest things -- and she even stole things from the vapor of afterlights that had taken us in . 
 there were many , and they were all furious . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah -- they thought we had done it . 
 we had to skinjack our way to safety . 
 lucky there were some fleshies around . '' 
 `` jackin ' jill took everything worth taking , '' said moose . 
 `` everything ! 
 but we 're gon na find her . 
 and when we do ... `` he smashed his fist into his palm . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' allie said to milos , with a level of compassion that made mikey sick . 
 `` serves them right ! '' 
 mikey said . 
 `` it 's what you get for being greedy . '' 
 allie threw him a disapproving glare . 
 `` you of all people should n't talk about greed ! '' 
 when she turned her eyes back to milos they were all sympathetic again , and mikey just could n't stand it . 
 he stood up and strode away . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 allie asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` maybe i 'll catch up with jackin ' jill . '' 
 allie started after mikey , but snared herself on a barbed wire fence that , for reasons unknown , had crossed into everlost . 
 a sharp steel barb tore a deep gash on her arm that felt momentarily weird before it zipped itself closed . 
 by the time she looked up , mikey was gone . 
 `` let him go , '' said milos , coming up behind her . 
 `` clearly he has ... what is that expression ? 
 ` skeletons in his closet . ' '' 
 `` yeah , and bats in his belfry , '' allie said . 
 milos looked at her , puzzled . 
 `` this expression i do not know . '' 
 `` never mind , '' she said , not wanting to get into it . 
 mikey 's temper tantrums had gotten fewer and further between , but they never went away completely . 
 his moodiness always surfaced in the company of other afterlights . 
 social skills were never his strong point . 
 as for `` skeletons in his closet , '' that implied he had secrets allie did n't know -- but she knew all his secrets , did n't she ? 
 `` whatever bee he 's got in his bonnet , he 'll get over it , '' allie said . 
 milos smiled . 
 `` bats in belfries , bees in bonnets -- this is why i love english . '' 
 allie turned to return to their campsite on the highway , but then milos said something that stopped her . 
 `` you know ... i could teach you things . '' 
 she slowly turned back to him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 milos sauntered closer to her , hands in his pockets . 
 `` if you came skinjacking with us , there are many things i could teach you . 
 skinjacking is more than just climbing inside fleshies and putting them to sleep . '' 
 `` if you 're talking about your little business of delivering messages to the living , no thank you . 
 i do n't want to be a part of ... of deadex . '' 
 `` this is not what i mean , '' said milos , his voice brimming with hushed excitement . 
 `` i am talking about the joy of it ! '' 
 allie immediately thought to the time she had gone out into the rain . 
 she understood the joy he was talking about , but it was always overshadowed by the guilt she felt stealing moments that were n't hers . 
 `` have you never dreamed of being someone else ? '' 
 milos asked . 
 `` someone rich , or beautiful , or powerful . 
 have you never longed , if only for a few minutes , to live someone else 's life ? '' 
 `` of course i have ... . '' 
 `` and yet you do not do it ? 
 why is this ? '' 
 `` because it 's wrong ! '' 
 `` who told you it was wrong ? 
 was it mikey ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 said allie . 
 `` i do n't need him to tell me the difference between right and wrong . '' 
 milos took a long look at allie . 
 `` skinjackers are not like other afterlights , allie , and we all must learn to accept this . 
 because not only are we given this power , but also a powerful hunger to use it . '' 
 `` a hunger that we should resist ! '' 
 insisted allie . 
 `` resist our nature ? 
 do you not think that would be wrong ? '' 
 allie found that milos was standing just a bit too close , and she took a step back . 
 he was making far too much sense , and it troubled her . 
 she had wanted another skinjacker to talk to -- someone who could understand the things she felt . 
 she thought it would be a case of misery-loves-company . 
 she never expected to find a skinjacker who reveled in possessing the living , turning it into an art form . 
 a way of life . 
 what if he was right , and resisting that powerful pull to flesh was the wrong thing for her to do ? 
 `` flesh and bone deserves to be appreciated , '' milos said . 
 `` those who have it take it for granted , but not us ! 
 we appreciate every breath , every breeze , every beat of the heart . 
 and so , by borrowing their flesh , we are the ones who give their bodies the dignity they have lost . '' 
 all the reservations that held allie back -- that slapped her down every time she skinjacked -- were beginning to feel insignificant , and she was torn . 
 if skinjacking truly was her nature , should n't she embrace it ? 
 `` please , '' said milos , `` let me teach you . 
 let me show you some of the things i know . 
 i promise you will not be disappointed ! '' 
 allie shook her head , then nodded , but then shook her head again . 
 finally she settled on telling him , `` i 'll think about it . '' 
 then she turned and hurried back to the others , for once glad to be in the company of moose and squirrel . 
 it was hard for afterlights to hide at night . 
 their afterglow always gave them away . 
 mikey just wanted some time alone , to brood , maybe sit on a rock , look at the moon , and let all those unpleasant feelings work themselves out , if indeed they ever would . 
 the problem was , the only rock large enough to sit on was living-world , and mikey had to continually pull himself up out from it . 
 it was annoying . 
 then , the last person he wanted to see emerged through a tree trunk , easily finding him by his glow . 
 mikey was n't sure whether to stare milos down or just ignore him . 
 so he did one , then the other . 
 `` allie is worried about you , '' milos said . 
 `` i really do n't care , '' grumbled mikey . 
 `` this does not surprise me . '' 
 `` why is it your business anyway ? '' 
 mikey snapped . 
 when milos had no response to that , mikey said , `` tell her i 'm fine , and i 'll come back when i feel like it . '' 
 milos lifted his feet to keep himself from sinking , but did n't leave . 
 he just regarded mikey with a detached kind of curiosity . 
 `` why do you hold her back ? '' 
 milos asked . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 milos took a step closer . 
 `` she could go so much further . 
 she could be so much more . 
 but you -- you keep her from using her skills . 
 you are very much an anchor around her neck . 
 this is very selfish . '' 
 mikey came off of his rock to face him . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're talking about ! '' 
 but milos remained calm , and sure of himself . 
 `` is it my words that anger you , '' he asked , `` or is it because you know i speak the truth ? '' 
 if there was any hope that mikey might warm to milos -- maybe even become a reluctant friend , that hope was now gone . 
 `` allie and i ... allie and i care for each other . 
 we 've been through a lot together -- you have no idea ! '' 
 `` you are right , '' said milos , `` but i do know that she bears a certain sadness . 
 you must see it . '' 
 yes , of course mikey had seen it , but he was n't about to admit it to this skinjacking outsider . 
 `` like i said , you do n't know anything . '' 
 `` you claim to care for her , but i do not see this . 
 if you cared for her , perhaps you would see that your destinies now lie on different paths . '' 
 `` do not anger me ! '' 
 mikey roared . 
 `` i am not to be trifled with ! 
 `` and he heard in his own voice a roughness and a rawness he had n't heard in a long time . 
 overtones of the mcgill . 
 milos put his hands up in surrender , as if he were backing down -- but mikey knew this was just another calculated move . 
 `` then pardon me . '' 
 milos said , `` i meant no disrespect . '' 
 `` you say that a lot , '' mikey pointed out , looking him right in those weirdly distracting speckled eyes . 
 `` but i think disrespect is exactly what you mean . '' 
 `` i am only thinking of what is best for allie , '' said milos with a gaze that penetrated uncomfortably deep . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 then he left mikey alone with his rock , his thoughts , and the moon . 
 * * * the next day , they came to the town of lebanon , tennessee , and again milos asked allie if she wanted to come skinjacking with him . 
 she broached the topic as gently as she could with mikey . 
 `` there are things he can teach me about skinjacking , '' allie told him . 
 `` things that could probably help us . '' 
 `` why are you telling me ? '' 
 mikey snapped . 
 `` if you want to go , then go . 
 why should i care ? '' 
 `` i 'd feel much better about it if you were n't acting so childish . '' 
 `` maybe i do n't want you to feel better about it . '' 
 allie clenched her fists and growled in frustration . 
 `` i swear , mikey , sometimes ... '' `` sometimes what ? 
 sometimes you wonder why you put up with me ? '' 
 allie took a moment to calm herself down . 
 `` i know why i put up with you . 
 what i do n't understand is why you do n't trust me . '' 
 mikey looked down and aimlessly kicked the ground . 
 the living world rippled like waves in a pond . 
 `` i trust you , '' he said , his voice a low grumble . 
 `` go learn something useful . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she gave him a gentle peck on the cheek , then went off to join milos . 
 once they were gone , moose and squirrel approached him . 
 `` why do n't you come with ush , mikey ? '' 
 moose asked . 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said squirrel . 
 `` skinjacking can be fun to watch , too . 
 especially the way we do it . '' 
 and although tagging along with the two of them was the last thing he wanted to do , he went along , because it was better than spending the day thinking of allie in the company of milos . 
 mikey had to admit , watching moose and squirrel skinjack that day was entertaining , in a blood-sport sort of way . 
 the were both ingeniously inventive , and decidedly deranged . 
 first they skinjacked two older teens who were on their way to summer school , but instead used them to get into an r-rated movie . 
 then , when they got bored with the movie , they skinjacked two policemen and took their squad car for a joyride , leaving the policemen and the car in a ditch , to wonder how they had gotten there . 
 each time they skinjacked , they left their fleshies stuck with whatever bad situation they had created , and walked away scott-free . 
 hit-and-run jackers , he dubbed them . 
 `` we 're just having fun , '' they complained , when mikey suggested that their activities were depraved . 
 but then , who was he to talk ? 
 he had been the mcgill -- yet even though he had perpetrated a good many mean-spirited , spiteful things , his depravity had a little more class . 
 next , moose and squirrel went into a bar , got two middle-aged fleshies exceptionally drunk , then peeled out of them just before they were ready to puke . 
 `` no harm , no foul ! '' 
 said squirrel . 
 `` right ? 
 right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' added moose , `` they were gon na do it anyway . '' 
 mikey concluded that these two were the lowest bottom-feeders he 'd ever had the misfortune to know . 
 `` does milos know you 're abusing fleshies ? '' 
 `` milosh and ush got a ` do n't ashk do n't tell ' polishy , '' said moose . 
 `` yeah , yeah -- and anyway , we do n't abuse no one -- we just play hard , that 's all . '' 
 mikey only hoped that when it was finally their turn to go into the light , their pit would be deeper than his . 
 when moose and squirrel skinjacked a couple of nuns , and took them on a shoplifting spree , mikey decided it was time to call it a day . 
 he crossed through a forest that he hoped would take him back to their makeshift campsite by the highway . 
 the forest had quite a few trees that had crossed into everlost , and so provided him with spots to rejuvenate , and maybe regain some self-respect . 
 his spirit felt greasy after the way he had spent the day . 
 there was a house in the woods -- a shack , really , but sturdy and cared for . 
 evidence of ash in the living world suggested it had burned down , but whoever lived there must have loved the place , because it had crossed into everlost . 
 the sight of it filled mikey with sorrow . 
 a ghost house with no ghost . 
 what could be sadder ? 
 then he realized why the house bothered him . 
 this shack was him without allie . 
 solitary and unvisited . 
 an unknown artifact waiting for eternity to free it from its vigil . 
 it was at that moment he realized that his spirit was truly human once more . 
 for he no longer remembered how to be alone without being lonely . 
 in her groundbreaking book on skinjacking you do n't know jack , allie the outcast writes : `` forget all you 've heard about skinjackers ; forget the idiotic ramblings of other so-called sources of everlost information . 
 skinjackers are just like any other afterlights . 
 they can be honorable or dishonorable , smart or stupid -- it all depends on the individual . 
 there are two things that hold true for all skinjackers , though . 
 the first is a driving , almost instinctive need to skinjack . 
 the second is the overwhelming burden that such a power puts on us . 
 with such a power , the potential exists for incredibly good deeds , and for acts of unthinkable evil . 
 i think it 's fortunate for both the living and the dead that most skinjackers are too clueless to do much of either . '' 
 chapter 11 surfing tennessee in her days on the sulphur queen , allie had pretended to teach the mcgill how to skinjack . 
 of course her lessons were bogus -- skinjacking ca n't be taught -- but it can be perfected , and milos was a master . 
 he could do things allie had never even thought to do . 
 things she never dared to do ! 
 at first , he just showed off . 
 they came across a basketball court where a choose-up game was in full swing . 
 he skinjacked the player with the ball , then passed to another player -- but milos got to the other player before the ball did , skinjacked him , and caught his own pass . 
 allie watched , laughing in spite of herself , as he bounced himself around the court , becoming one player , then another , then another , passing the ball to himself , stealing the ball from himself , shooting and scoring . 
 allie got dizzy trying to keep track of where and who he was . 
 by the time he was done , the players were all a bit dazed and confused , not quite sure what had just occurred . 
 `` jill and i would play many sports together , '' milos told her . 
 `` we would jump from player to player -- that was always part of the game . '' 
 the memory brought a smile , but a measure of pain to milos 's expression . 
 `` did you love her ? '' 
 allie dared to ask . 
 milos took a few moments before answering . 
 `` we came upon a wedding once , '' he told her . 
 `` we skinjacked the bride and groom . '' 
 `` you did n't ! '' 
 `` well , i skinjacked the groom , but jill 's legs were cold . '' 
 allie looped that back through her mind . 
 `` do you mean she got cold feet ? '' 
 `` yes , she got cold feet . 
 instead of the bride , she went to hide in the flower girl . 
 that should have told me something , you think ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , milos . '' 
 then a silence fell between them that was decidedly awkward . 
 they made their way to the heart of the town , and found a street fair in full swing taking up all three blocks of lebanon , tennessee 's main street . 
 `` for your first lesson , i think i will teach you to surf . '' 
 allie laughed . 
 `` well , as the nearest beach is hundreds of miles away , i sincerely doubt that . '' 
 `` not that kind of surfing , '' he told her . 
 then in a flash he was gone . 
 allie thought she saw him leaping into a kid eating ice cream , but the kid just continued on . 
 `` milos ? '' 
 `` over here ! '' 
 his voice was coming from somewhere far away . 
 she looked down the street , and finally caught sight of him -- he was n't skinjacking now , he was just standing in the middle of the street fair , two whole blocks away , waving at her . 
 how on earth had he done that ? 
 then he vanished again , and a few seconds later , there he was standing right beside her . 
 `` boo ! '' 
 he said , and she jumped in spite of herself . 
 `` did you just ... teleport ? '' 
 `` more like tele-phoned , '' milos answered . 
 `` wires conduct electrical impulses , yes ? 
 well , the living conduct us . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` i call it soul-surfing . 
 it is a very good way to travel , when there are many people nearby . '' 
 when allie first learned to skinjack -- before she knew what it was called -- she had called it body-surfing . 
 but this feat of relaying oneself across a crowd in seconds -- this truly deserved to be called surfing . 
 she wondered if it felt as invigorating as riding a wave . 
 milos looked around at the modest crowd of the little street fair . 
 `` okay , your turn . '' 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 allie sputtered . 
 `` i ca n't do that ! 
 i would n't know where to start . '' 
 `` start with her . '' 
 milos pointed to a woman sitting on a bench , reading a newspaper . 
 `` make as if you mean to skinjack her , but do n't take full control . 
 instead , you must use her to slingshot to the next person , then the next , then the next . 
 once you get a rhythm , you can work your way to the end of any crowd in seconds . '' 
 he climbed into a passing pedestrian , vanished , then a few seconds later appeared across the street . 
 `` try it ! '' 
 he called . 
 `` from there to here . 
 short hop . '' 
 allie leaped into the woman on the bench , but lingered too long , and had to peel herself out , which never happened quickly -- it was like peeling off a glove . 
 since allie did n't immediately put her to sleep , the woman knew something funny was going on . 
 she stood up , looked around , and walked away , unnerved . 
 milos had already surfed back and was beside her . 
 `` well , that did n't work , '' said allie . 
 `` because you took hold . 
 do not stay long enough to hear the thoughts -- just long enough to get a small glimpse through the eyes , then push off . '' 
 allie tried it again with a different person , but still stayed an instant too long , and got drawn in . 
 milos was patient with her , and encouraging . 
 `` think of tarzan , '' he said . 
 `` it is like tarzan swinging on ropes . '' 
 then he beat his chest and made a tarzan yell that made allie laugh . 
 she tried it again , and the third time was the charm . 
 she began to jump out before she was done jumping in , and it worked ! 
 she pushed off from one person to another . 
 images passed before her like snapshots , but all unrelated and random . 
 every fleshie was looking in a slightly different direction , and saw things differently . 
 colors changed , eyesight changed . 
 each person she surfed was focusing on something different within their field of vision -- but now that allie had the rhythm she could keep herself moving . 
 she began to feel dizzy , and finally took root in a fleshie to stop herself , and -- -- nagging nagging nagging -- if she does n't stop nagging i 'll go crazy -- nagging nagging nagging -- she found herself sitting in a restaurant , holding a spoon and looking across the table at a very old woman . 
 `` harold ? 
 harold ? 
 how 's the soup , harold ? '' 
 the old woman said to her . 
 allie , in the body of the woman 's elderly husband , tried to speak , but could only burp . 
 `` too spicy . 
 i knew it ! '' 
 then the old woman called for the waitress . 
 allie peeled herself out of harold the henpecked husband , and when she was back in everlost she made her way out into the street . 
 once outside , she got her bearings , and realized she had crossed the avenue , turned a corner , and had unexpectedly bounced herself into a delicatessen . 
 milos found her a few moments later . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i guess i got lost . '' 
 milos laughed . 
 `` it happens . 
 it is hard to keep a sense of direction , yes ? 
 you will get better , it just takes practice . '' 
 and so they practiced . 
 it got a bit harder once the crowd thinned , but it just served as a challenge to her . 
 she found that if she pushed off hard enough , she could leap from one person to another who was about ten feet away . 
 `` moose and squirrel have been doing this for years , and they can not jump that far , '' milos told her . 
 `` you are , as they say , a natural ! '' 
 after a couple of hours allie was exhausted . 
 she had surfed her way through hundreds of people -- some of them several times , and she had begun to recognize the `` signature '' of their bodies . 
 `` do they know we 're here ? '' 
 allie asked milos . 
 `` we 're only in them for an instant , but still ... can they sense us the way we sense them ? '' 
 milos raised his eyebrows . 
 `` do you remember when you were alive , '' he asked , `` and you suddenly forgot what you were about to say ? '' 
 `` yes ... '' milos smiled . 
 `` perhaps someone was surfing through you . '' 
 the thought gave allie a shiver . 
 even though she was no longer in flesh , having surfed through so much of it , her spirit held onto some phantom physical feelings . 
 one of those phantom feelings echoed within her when she looked at milos , and she shivered again . 
 she resisted the urge to move closer to him , and feel his afterglow mingle with hers . 
 it was , after all , just a phantom feeling , easy to dismiss , was n't it ? 
 `` congratulations , '' he said gently . 
 `` you are one of the deadlies now . 
 you are one of us . '' 
 his smile became wider , and that made her all the more uncomfortable . 
 she turned away . 
 `` in any case , soul-surfing is good for crowded places , and big cities , '' he said . 
 `` i can get through a city faster than anything . '' 
 then , with a gentle toss of his head , he said , `` although sometimes i prefer to drive if i can skinjack a good-looking man , with a ferrari . '' 
 allie shook her head , warding off an unpleasant memory . 
 `` i tried to jack and drive once . 
 it did n't end well . '' 
 milos puffed out his chest . 
 `` so then i do the driving . 
 you ride shot put . '' 
 `` shotgun , '' allie corrected . 
 his butchered expressions always made her smile , but the smile faded quickly . 
 `` i still think it 's wrong to skinjack people just for fun . '' 
 `` what makes fun wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 and when she did n't have an answer for him , milos said , `` what we do is right . 
 it is natural -- or else why would we be able to do it ? 
 if we are skinjackers , we are meant to skinjack . '' 
 `` we provide a link between everlost and the living world -- perhaps the most important one , '' allie insisted . 
 `` maybe we were meant to use it for something important . '' 
 `` maybe we were meant to simply enjoy it . '' 
 she wanted to argue , but between his easy logic , and his easier smile , she found her argument had no teeth . 
 she looked down to see that , while milos had continued to shift his feet to keep from sinking , allie had not , and had sunken into the sidewalk to her ankles . 
 she pulled her feet out , feeling embarrassed that he had caught her ankle-deep . 
 `` in life did you ever do something just for fun ? '' 
 asked milos . 
 `` yes ... '' `` so why not be as you were in life ? 
 and if it hurts no one , why is it wrong to enjoy skinjacking ? 
 this is what we are . '' 
 `` no , it 's what we do ! '' 
 `` no , allie , it is what we are . '' 
 milos gently put his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` it is what you are . '' 
 `` so was it fun ? '' 
 mikey asked . 
 allie shrugged , trying , for his sake , to hide how much she had enjoyed the soul-surfing lesson . 
 `` it was tiring . 
 i prefer being me , rather than the crowd . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` i took a walk . '' 
 `` through town ? '' 
 she wondered if he had been downtown , and had seen her with milos . 
 if she were a fleshie she would have flushed at the thought , then she got mad at herself . 
 she had nothing to feel guilty for . 
 `` i went into the woods , '' he told her . 
 `` there 's an oak grove where half the trees have crossed over . 
 and in the middle of it i found a house that crossed over too . 
 it would be a nice place to live . 
 that is ... if you wanted to . '' 
 `` we ca n't ` live , ' `` she reminded him . 
 `` no , but we could enjoy our existence here . 
 i 'm tired of being a finder . 
 i 'm tired of moving around . 
 i 'm tired of everything . '' 
 allie considered this , noting the slight lavender tinge to his afterglow . 
 perhaps there was a different meaning for it . 
 `` then maybe you 're ready , '' she said . 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 `` to move on . '' 
 what allie meant as a simple observation hit mikey like a fist on flesh . 
 he took a step back , reeling from the blow , but tried not to show how deeply it hurt him . 
 `` maybe i am , '' he said . 
 she turned from him . 
 `` if you 're ready , mikey , then i wo n't stop you . '' 
 no , of course you wo n't , he wanted to say . 
 because then i would n't be an anchor around your neck anymore . 
 but instead he said , `` tell me to stay , and i will ... '' but allie shook her head . 
 `` that would be selfish of me . '' 
 * * * once upon a time , mikey mcgill had a bucket of coins . 
 he collected them from every afterlight he brought to his ship -- whether they became a part of his crew , or went to the chiming chamber to hang upside down from their ankles . 
 why did he take their coins ? 
 because everyone and everything he captured was his property . 
 that 's the way he saw things back then . 
 but why did he keep the coins in a bucket , locked safely away ? 
 the answer was simple , although he could n't admit it to himself . 
 he kept them because he knew . 
 he knew what the coins were for , just like every afterlight knows , without ever knowing that they know . 
 it 's the memory of a dream lost on waking ; it 's a name on the tip of your tongue . 
 but if you 're an afterlight , the truth will someday come to you , and you 'll realize that you 've always known . 
 sure , for the longest time , the coin was simply standing on its edge in your mind , just a dull metallic sliver , so very hard to see ... but look again -- now it 's full and round and shining in your palm . 
 it is your proof of something beyond the everlost , and your fare to get you there . 
 once upon a time , mikey had a bucket of stolen coins , but now he only had one , and since the moment he admitted to himself what the coin was for -- the same moment that allie made the choice to join him -- he was always conscious of that coin in his pocket . 
 now it felt heavy , like an entire purse full of coins . 
 all he had to do was pull it out and hold it in his hand . 
 would it be hot for him now ? 
 would it cause space to part before him , revealing the tunnel to the great beyond , which would suck him out of everlost , sending him to wherever he was going ? 
 and where was he going ? 
 what if he still had n't redeemed himself ? 
 what if he 'd been a monster for so long , he had n't been able to undo all the dastardly deeds of the mcgill ? 
 well , so what if he had n't ! 
 if that tunnel drew him in , then dropped him into a pit , so be it ! 
 he had endured the center of the earth , had n't he ? 
 he could endure that place as well . 
 but he 'd be lying if said he was n't scared . 
 he did n't fear anguish -- there had been enough of that in his afterlife to last an eternity . 
 he feared ... nothingness . 
 he feared being nothing . 
 and yet , that 's exactly how he felt now . 
 here , among skinjackers , he felt inferior , and that was a feeling he could not abide . 
 no ! 
 he would not go down the tunnel with his head hung low . 
 he was once great -- he had to remember that . 
 he once inspired fear and respect , but he gave that up for allie . 
 because he loved her . 
 and although he still loved her deeply , it was n't the same as it had been , and he marveled at how love could have so many hidden textures ... for the feeling that once cushioned his heart now chafed at it . 
 the five of them walked through most of the night to make up for lost time , then early the next morning , milos took allie out for more skinjacking lessons . 
 today milos taught her the skills of `` justicing , '' and `` terminizing . '' 
 justicing involved skinjacking the incarcerated . 
 there was a penitentiary halfway between lebanon and nashville , and that 's where milos took her . 
 `` i know it is not a romantic place for a date , '' he had joked . 
 `` good thing it 's not a date , '' she reminded him . 
 while the electrified gate of a high-security prison kept the living from escaping , it was little more than an annoyance for an afterlight . 
 allie felt the current as she passed through the gate , and it left her with a passing feeling that resembled indigestion , if one could feel indigestion throughout one 's entire body . 
 once inside the prison , they proceeded to skinjack various prisoners , with the specific goal of determining if they were guilty of the crime they were imprisoned for . 
 `` that 's impossible , '' allie had told him before they began . 
 `` sure , we can hear their thoughts , but only the things they happen to be thinking about -- and if we get too close , they know we 're there , and they freak out . '' 
 `` ah , but we can control the direction of their thoughts , '' milos had told her , `` without them ever knowing we are there . '' 
 then he told her to skinjack one of the milder looking prisoners , and at the same time , think of something that made her feel guilty . 
 her thoughts immediately went to mikey , and how bad she felt that he was left alone while the rest of them were out skinjacking -- and as those thoughts filled her , she suddenly got flashes from the prisoner . 
 his own guilty conscience told her that , yes , he did steal all those social-security checks from helpless elderly men and women . 
 the moment the confession hit her , allie peeled herself out , stunned . 
 it took her a few minutes until she was willing to try it again . 
 she tried four more times before it became too much for her . 
 the last prisoner was either innocent , or too hard to read , she was n't sure . 
 `` yes , '' milos told her . 
 `` guilt is easy , innocence is hard . '' 
 `` but what 's the point of it ? '' 
 allie asked . 
 `` they 're already in prison -- what 's the point in us knowing they 're guilty ? '' 
 milos grinned . 
 `` what if the ones we justice are not in prison ? '' 
 allie thought about it , and found the idea both compelling and disturbing . 
 `` do you mean diving into random people , and searching their thoughts for crimes ? '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' said milos . 
 `` we could search the minds of people awaiting trial , or perhaps people who are suspected of getting away with the perfect crime . 
 we can find the truth within them , and then make them confess . 
 have you ever seen a criminal confess to something they might have otherwise gotten away with ? 
 well , maybe they were justiced by a skinjacker . '' 
 `` but is n't that ... invasion of privacy ? '' 
 milos shrugged . 
 `` no more so than a search warrant , and that is perfectly legal . 
 we just search a little deeper . '' 
 although allie felt conflicted , she had to admit that it could be ethical , if there were strict guidelines -- such as only searching those who are already under official suspicion . 
 but then , who would decide what the guidelines should be ? 
 every skinjacker would make up their own rules , and not all of them would be as honorable as her . 
 `` this is a good skill to know , '' milos explained . 
 `` you see , there are those here in everlost who will pay well to have their killers brought to justice . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be paid . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' milos said . 
 `` sometimes a good deed is payment enough . '' 
 which led them to the second lesson of the day . 
 terminizing . 
 for this he took her to a hospital in the outskirts of nashville . 
 once there , they found several terminally ill patients . 
 milos amazed allie by skinjacking one of them -- not to take over the patient 's body , but simply to make himself known . 
 by the time milos peeled away , the man had a look on his face like he had been visited by an angel . 
 `` we tell them the truth , '' milos explained . 
 `` we tell them that there is something more . 
 that after their last heartbeat , the tunnel and the light will come . '' 
 `` but we do n't know what 's in the light . '' 
 `` it does not matter , '' said milos . 
 `` most people just want to know that there is something , whatever that something is . '' 
 as they went searching for another patient , allie dared to ask , `` so , what 's in it for you ? '' 
 milos looked down . 
 `` i see , '' he said sadly . 
 `` everything milos does must serve milos . '' 
 allie immediately felt bad she had said anything . 
 milos held his pout for a moment more , then it became a mischievous grin . 
 `` i ask them to put in a good word for me when they reach the light . '' 
 allie slapped his arm , and he laughed . 
 `` shut up ! 
 you do not ! '' 
 but she was never quite sure if he was joking or serious . 
 following milos 's lead , allie entered a patient , and revealed her presence slowly , so as not to frighten the woman . 
 then she spoke of the tunnel and the light . 
 milos was right -- that was all it took to give the woman an overwhelming feeling of peace and comfort . 
 thank you ! 
 the woman said in her thoughts . 
 oh , thank you ! 
 she did n't know who allie was , but that did n't matter . 
 it was the message that mattered , not the messenger , and once allie had peeled away , the feeling of utter peace lingered with her . 
 this was definitely more rewarding than justicing . 
 it was the kind of bedside comfort the living simply could not give . 
 perhaps this is the reason we can skinjack , thought allie . 
 to do things like this . 
 allie must have communed with a dozen patients before she felt so exhausted by it , and filled with their gratitude , that she had to stop . 
 it was getting dark as they left the hospital , and as her mind ran through the miraculous things they did today , she could n't help but reel from the sheer awe of it . 
 since the first day she discovered she could skinjack , she had lived in fear of the idea -- she had treated it like a nasty little secret , to be used only when absolutely necessary . 
 it kept her from seeing the possibilities ! 
 `` do you realize what we could do ? '' 
 she told milos . 
 `` solve the world 's greatest crimes , bring peace to the most troubled places on earth . 
 why , through skinjacking , we could actually change the world ! '' 
 milos found this very amusing . 
 `` you wag a finger at me for playing with fleshies , and here you want to change the world ! '' 
 `` i did n't say i wanted to , just that we could . '' 
 then his gaze changed . 
 he was no longer laughing . 
 now he looked a bit bemused , instead of amused -- as if looking at allie was like looking at a wonder . 
 the gaze made her feel awkward and she had to look away . 
 `` perhaps i am too small-minded , '' milos said . 
 `` this has always been my problem -- but now , thanks to you , i will change . 
 i will try to think more ... globally . '' 
 at the time allie thought he was just humoring her . 
 skinjacking can change the world . 
 only much later would her own words come back to haunt her . 
 in her book you do n't know jack , allie the outlaw makes the following observations : `` unlike other afterlights , we have an unfailing memory , and we do n't change , since we do n't forget who we were . 
 what 's more important to remember is that we are more like other afterlights than we are different -- and we must help nonjackers to see this . 
 we straddle two worlds -- everlost and the world of the living . 
 if we wish to be respected and not feared , we must be good ambassadors to both . '' 
 chapter 12 of monsters and mullets there was no question that nashville slowed them down , what with so many skinjacking opportunities . 
 mikey was the only one annoyed by how few miles they were covering . 
 `` i thought you wanted to find your family , '' he reminded allie . 
 `` i do , but i 've waited this long -- a couple of days wo n't make a difference . '' 
 she could have told him then about how she 'd be stuck in everlost for a long , long time , so there was no hurry to do anything -- but she knew mikey would ask her a million questions she had no answers to . 
 like what it meant to be consigned to everlost for her `` natural life , '' as if the universe knew when she would have died if she had n't been in the accident . 
 how can a date be assigned to something that will never happen ? 
 an exploration of nashville had turned up a sizeable vapor of afterlights in an old burned-out factory that had crossed over . 
 they were friendly but guarded , not trusting of outsiders -- least of all a foreigner like milos . 
 the nashville afterlights made room for them in their sizeable deadspot though , and were happy to listen to all their stories of faraway places -- and to them , every place was far away . 
 `` so you 've all been into the everwild ? '' 
 their leader asked -- a kid who had blue hair for no reason anyone could fathom . 
 `` where i come from , this is the everwild , '' allie told him , and that made the other kids laugh , thinking she was making a joke . 
 one kid did n't laugh , though . 
 a bone-thin , sad-eyed kid who was so hunched the other kids just called him igor . 
 `` it 's all wild , '' he said . 
 `` no one knows anything about anywhere -- ` cept of course for the sky witch . '' 
 both allie and mikey shifted uncomfortably at mary 's mention , but neither of them said anything . 
 neither of them felt like sharing tales of mary hightower . 
 `` but the real wild places are to the west , '' said igor , and the other kids murmured their agreement . 
 then he whispered , `` have you felt the wind ? '' 
 `` what wind ? '' 
 asked mikey . 
 `` we do n't feel wind in everlost , '' allie pointed out . 
 `` you 'll feel this wind , '' said igor . 
 `` if you 're goin ' to memphis you 'll feel it sure enough . '' 
 allie looked to milos , but he just shrugged . 
 `` this is as far west as i 've ever been . '' 
 `` great , '' grumbled mikey . 
 `` another problem . '' 
 `` it 's not a problem , '' said allie . 
 `` it 's just wind . '' 
 but the looks on the nashville kids ' faces said otherwise . 
 * * * while moose and squirrel bargained with the nashville afterlights , hoping to provide various skinjacking services , milos invited allie for another lesson . 
 `` enough talk of winds and worries , '' milos said . 
 `` tonight we have fun . '' 
 `` if it 's an evening of fun , then we should invite mikey , '' she said , more of a reprimand than a suggestion -- a little jab to remind him that their lessons were serious business . 
 milos shrugged . 
 `` of course , of course , '' he said , sounding a little like squirrel , `` but even if mikey could skinjack , somehow i do not think he is one to appreciate country music . '' 
 allie studied him , trying to read the mildly mischievous look on milos 's face . 
 `` what does country music have to do with skinjacking ? '' 
 but milos only smiled . 
 allie went to look for mikey among the nashville afterlights , but he was nowhere to be found . 
 `` lasht time i shaw him , '' moose said , `` he wuz leaving the factory by himshelf . '' 
 lately mikey had been spending more and more time alone . 
 it troubled allie , but only slightly . 
 mikey was very good at taking care of himself . 
 that night , milos took allie to nashville 's grand ole opry , where travis dix was in concert . 
 there was some country music that allie loved , and some that she hated -- but whether you were a fan of country music or not , everybody loved travis dix . 
 allie 's only problem with it was that this felt like a date , and that made her uncomfortable . 
 alive , she had always been too busy with sports , student government , and the yearbook to date . 
 besides , the boys she liked were always out of reach , and the ones who did give her attention always lacked a certain something -- such as common sense , or deodorant . 
 she always assumed there would come a time for her to make boys a priority ... but death had put a damper on that . 
 well , she had n't dated in life , and she was n't about to start now . 
 she had mikey as an afterlife companion , and that was enough for her . 
 `` so why are we here ? '' 
 allie asked milos as they passed through the front entrance and into the crowded lobby of the ornate theater . 
 `` i hope it 's not just to see a concert . '' 
 `` this way , '' said milos . 
 `` come . '' 
 she followed him from the lobby into the theater , where , in a few minutes , the show would be starting . 
 then he led her right up onto the stage . 
 even though allie knew that no one could see her , she still felt uncomfortable on a stage , facing an audience of thousands . 
 `` you have practiced soul-surfing , and have gotten better at it , '' said milos , `` but now , with so many people packed into one place , you can really use it ! '' 
 milos turned to face the audience , and looked up to the highest seats way up in the back of the balcony . 
 the nosebleed seats , allie always called them . 
 `` tell me , '' said milos , `` how fast can you surf from here to the balcony and back ? '' 
 allie smiled . 
 `` faster than you ! '' 
 although she knew it probably was n't true . 
 `` then you can try to beat me . '' 
 milos squinted up at the balcony , then pointed . 
 `` do you see the usher at very back ? '' 
 allie looked up to the center aisle between the highest seats . 
 the soft focus and muted colors of the living world made it difficult to see , but she did pick out an usher guiding people to their seats up there . 
 `` so he 's our target ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the first one to surf all the way up there , tap the usher on the shoulder , and come back to the stage , wins . '' 
 `` and no cheating ! '' 
 said allie . 
 `` how could i cheat ? '' 
 `` you 're not allowed to jump from the orchestra up to the mezzanine -- we both have to go out the back of the theater , into the lobby , and surf our way up the stairs . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' said milos . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 `` ready , set , go ! '' 
 allie took off , making a calculated move , by jumping into a security guard that was a little closer to milos than to her , figuring that milos would start with him . 
 sure enough , allie felt milos trying to push his way into the guard , but could n't because allie was already there . 
 it put allie in an early lead . 
 she went from the guard , to a tall old man , to a short woman with big hair , to a baby , to some guy who allie could sense did n't want to be there . 
 she was already out in the lobby , and lingered in the aggravated man just long enough to locate the stairs , before bounding out to the next person . 
 up the staircase to the mezzanine , person to person , body to body until she reached the balcony . 
 she had no idea where milos was , and she did n't even know who her host was now -- all she could sense was that this person needed to use the bathroom . 
 she had to get her bearings before she hopped to the next person -- she had to spot the usher . 
 now that she was back in the theater , she was right in front of the steep aisle leading all the way up to the seats that nearly touched the roof . 
 the usher was halfway up that aisle , leading a man to his seat . 
 allie launched herself out of the full-bladdered fleshie , and surfed through two more people , and right to the man the usher was escorting -- -- but she could n't get in because milos was already there ! 
 he had used her own trick against her ! 
 allie bounced off the man like rubber , and by the time she had skinjacked the next closest person , milos 's fleshie had already tapped the usher on the shoulder . 
 `` beat you ! '' 
 `` not yet ! '' 
 said allie , tapping the usher as well . 
 they left the two bewildered fans and the usher behind . 
 in a moment allie had surfed herself down the aisle , and out the back doors of the theater again , finding herself on the stairs . 
 going down , she discovered , was a little trickier than coming up , because everyone was hurrying up the stairs to get to their seats . 
 it was like running down an `` up '' escalator . 
 she surfed through dozens of people , fighting the current , not lingering for more than an instant in any one person until she was back on the ground floor , and in the theater 's main aisle again . 
 she pushed off in a smooth regular rhythm , relaying herself through various people trying to find their seats , then she surged up onto the stage -- and milos was right beside her , reaching the stage the same moment she did . 
 `` i win ! '' 
 allie said . 
 `` no , i win ! '' 
 said milos . 
 `` all right , a tie , then . '' 
 milos laughed . 
 `` very good ! 
 we both win ! '' 
 allie could not believe how exhilarating this had been . 
 she wanted to do it again and again . 
 milos must have read the excitement in her face , because he said , `` you see ? 
 there are many , many joys to being a skinjacker . '' 
 around them , the house lights began to dim . 
 the audience roared in anticipation , and allie looked out to the darkening theater , pretending that they were all cheering for her . 
 `` another game ! '' 
 she said to milos . 
 `` hide-and-seek ! 
 i 'll hide in a fleshie , and you have to find me ! '' 
 milos crossed his arms . 
 `` how could i do that ? 
 -- there are thousands of fleshies here ! '' 
 she grinned mischievously . 
 `` i 'll be the one thumbing my nose at travis dix ! '' 
 and before he could respond , she was off , surfing her way through the theater . 
 travis dix took the stage with his band , and the audience cheered . 
 in a moment he was singing his big hit , `` stomp my heart and shave my mullet , '' and most of the audience was singing along . 
 stomp my heart and shave my mullet all your lies stick in my gullet no more cash is in my wullet baby , we 're through but now i 've got a better ` do ' allie chose to inhabit a college-age girl in the left mezzanine who was standing and dancing to the song with her friends . 
 allie carefully balanced herself within the girl , taking physical control of most of her body , but not putting her to sleep . 
 it would be more interesting this way ! 
 keeping her awake would be tricky , but allie successfully hid in a blind spot of the girl 's consciousness , so her presence would n't be detected . 
 as soon as allie took over , the girl 's body stopped gyrating , and allie raised her right hand , putting the tip of her thumb to her nose , and spread out her fingers . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 asked one of the girl 's friends . 
 the girl , fully awake , and still in control of her mouth said , `` i ... do n't know . 
 my thumb is stuck to my nose ! '' 
 `` suzie , honestly ! '' 
 said the friend . 
 `` travis might see you , and then we 'll never get backstage ! '' 
 allie silently giggled , and began to waggle her fingers . 
 `` suzie ! '' 
 `` i know ! 
 i 'm trying to stop ! '' 
 clearly suzie had no idea what had possessed her to behave like this . 
 it probably never occurred to her that she actually was possessed . 
 travis dix continued to sing . 
 then , toward the end of the song , a beefy security guard came down the aisle and pointed a flashlight right at suzie . 
 great , thought allie , now i got the girl into trouble . 
 but the guard smiled . 
 `` got you ! '' 
 the guard yelled , over the blasting music . 
 `` now it 's my turn ! '' 
 it was milos ! 
 allie peeled herself out of suzie , who shook her head , looked at her hands , and in a few moments , had put the weird incident aside and was dancing to the music again . 
 milos was gone , off to find someone to hide in , and allie counted to ten , then went looking for him . 
 she found that this game required more than just surfing . 
 she had to jump from person to person to get around , but also had to linger every now and then to get a good view of the different sections of the audience , because in everlost the crowd was pretty much a blur . 
 she started with the upper balcony , then worked her way across , then down . 
 there was no sign of milos , and allie began to wonder if maybe he was n't playing fair . 
 meanwhile , travis dix finished his song , and the crowd roared . 
 `` hello , nashville ! '' 
 he said , and the crowd roared even louder . 
 he waited until the cheers died down before he spoke again . 
 `` this song goes out to a very special girl , '' he announced . 
 `` this song is for ... allie the outcast . '' 
 allie snapped her eyes to the stage and watched in disbelief as travis dix -- the travis dix -- lifted his thumb to his nose , and wiggled his fingers at the audience . 
 to allie 's amazement , the entire audience responded by doing it right back to him ! 
 allie laughed out loud -- a big , booming belly laugh , because now she was in a huge man with a voice that echoed like a bass drum . 
 she skipped out of him and surfed her way back to the stage . 
 when she got there , milos was peeling himself out of travis , who now looked strangely at the audience thumbing their noses at him . 
 then he looked to his band , shrugged , and began the next song . 
 allie could n't stop laughing . 
 `` you win ! '' 
 she told milos . 
 `` that was great ! 
 no one 's ever dedicated a song to me before ! '' 
 `` now we shall enjoy the concert , '' milos said . 
 `` after all , we can have front-row seats , '' and he gestured to any number of fleshies in the front row , but allie shook her head . 
 she did n't feel right stealing the concert from fans by putting them to sleep for the entire performance -- and keeping a fleshie conscious was bound to be problematic . 
 from where they stood on the stage , allie could see off into the wings , where a couple of roadies stood , not doing much of anything . 
 `` those roadies probably travel with the band , '' allie said . 
 `` they wo n't care if they sleep through a performance . '' 
 `` excellent -- but we should switch places a few times -- it is never a good idea to stay in the same fleshie for too long . '' 
 so they jacked the two roadies , and watched the whole concert from backstage . 
 then , when it was done , to make their concertgoing experience complete , they jacked a couple of fans in the audience , so they could flow out with the crowd , and enjoy , if only for a few minutes , the charged excitement of the audience around them . 
 allie almost gasped as they left the warmth of the theater , and stepped out into the cool night . 
 it was a subtle change , but powerful to an afterlight , because temperature change meant nothing without flesh to feel it . 
 a gentle breeze blew through the parking lot , and it felt soft and feathery on her arms . 
 she swore she could feel each and every goose bump , and it was wonderful ! 
 `` i think you liked this , yes ? '' 
 said milos . 
 she turned , and his fleshie was right next to hers , bringing up a hand , to gently caress allie 's cheek . 
 allie was caught off guard . 
 `` do n't , '' she said , taking a step away from him . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` well , for one , your fleshie 's a girl ! '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` so what ? 
 yours is a boy . '' 
 allie looked at herself . 
 her arms were covered with hair . 
 no wonder the breeze felt so feathery . 
 `` this is just too weird , '' she said , and peeled herself out . 
 the living world shifted into soft focus , and the breeze now passed through her , so easy to ignore . 
 milos peeled out of his fleshie . 
 `` i never thought to play hide-and-seek before , '' he told allie . 
 `` i came here to teach you , and it is you who teaches me ! '' 
 `` so what 's tomorrow 's lesson ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` ah , '' said milos . 
 `` tomorrow 's is the best lesson of all ! '' 
 as they left to rejoin the others , milos held his hand out to her as always , and as always allie did n't take it , but she could n't deny that she felt more and more tempted . 
 while allie spent her days being tutored by milos , mikey spent his time practicing his own skills as well , although he practiced alone . 
 each day he went off to some secret and solitary deadspot , and there he would spend the day focusing on the one thing he could do better than anyone else . 
 change . 
 it was the one aspect of his existence that he still had control over -- or at least he could have control if he practiced enough . 
 allie was off with milos . 
 fine . 
 he could n't change that . 
 he could n't control what they did or said to each other . 
 but he could grow feathers and scales . 
 he could sprout extra arms and legs . 
 he could even grow a rhino horn and moose antlers . 
 and just like skinjacking , changing himself was irresistible -- for who can resist their nature ? 
 the transformations were becoming easier and easier to achieve . 
 the hard part was changing back ... but just as allie was beginning to master the finer points of skinjacking , mikey was mastering the art of bringing himself back to normal . 
 it was all a matter of wanting to be mikey mcgill more than he wanted to be all those other tweaked and twisted creations . 
 what made it difficult was that , with all the things he could be , he found it harder and harder to want to be mikey mcgill . 
 on the night that allie and milos played games at the grand ole opry , mikey was caught in the act . 
 he had found a nice sized deadspot -- a street that had been torn down to build a freeway overpass . 
 none of the buildings had crossed into everlost , but someone must have had fond feelings for the street itself , because it had crossed over , along with all the streetlights , which still cast a pale glow all around him . 
 it was careless of him to be practicing his transformations in such a wide-open , brightly lit space . 
 considering the transformation he was working , he should n't have been caught at all , because he quite literally had eyes in the back of his head , among other places . 
 he had been trying to see how many eyeballs he could sprout . 
 he had gotten up to fifty-three -- they were popping up all over his body like large blue-eyed chicken pox , and each of them had a unique perspective on the world around him . 
 when he heard a gasp behind him , every available eye turned toward it , and he saw squirrel trying to run away . 
 wasting no time , mikey took off after him , turning his arms and legs into tentacles that he used to fling himself from one lamppost to another , flying right over squirrel 's head , and landing directly in front of him . 
 mikey gave himself a set of fangs as he snarled , just to addle squirrel 's acorn-size brain even more . 
 `` please , please do n't hurt me , '' squirrel whined , which was stupid , because mikey could n't hurt him . 
 that was the blasted problem with being an afterlight . 
 he turned one of his tentacles into a jagged green insect claw , and thrust it forward , wedging squirrel 's neck against a lamppost with a clang . 
 `` you did n't see this , '' mikey said , pleased at the slithery , inhuman sound of his own voice . 
 `` and if you tell anyone you did , i 'll use this claw to snap off your useless little head . '' 
 whether or not he could follow through on the threat did n't matter ; it was enough to scare squirrel into absolute obedience . 
 `` yes , sir , '' squeaked squirrel . 
 `` i did n't see nothing ! 
 i did n't see nothing ! '' 
 mikey forced his claw and tentacles back into arms and legs , then sucked all his eyeballs back into his body , leaving only the standard two to glare at squirrel . 
 his voice returned to normal . 
 `` now , we 'll go back to the others , pretend this never happened , and everyone will be happy . '' 
 squirrel gave a few fast , brain-rattling nods . 
 `` sure , sure , everyone will be happy , '' and squirrel ran off , stumbling over his own feet . 
 mikey laughed and laughed . 
 the choice to become terrifying -- if only for a moment -- ensured squirrel 's silence , so it served its purpose . 
 but mikey could not deny how good it had felt to be a monster once more . 
 chapter 13 bye-bye , miss american pie allie could n't say she particularly enjoyed the company of the nashville afterlights . 
 every vapor of afterlights was different , and this group was so standoffish -- even while attempting to be hospitable -- that the time spent with them was awkward at best . 
 it was a relief to leave them behind . 
 `` nobody trusts skinjackers , '' milos commented as they hit the road once more . 
 `` mary hightower 's books make it difficult for us . '' 
 `` someday , '' said allie , `` i 'll set everyone straight . '' 
 `` someday , '' said milos , `` i would like to set mary hightower straight , personally . '' 
 mikey was silent on the matter . 
 allie found mikey to be silent about everything . 
 he had always been somewhat inscrutable , but now he seemed so distant that allie found walking beside him had become almost painful . 
 `` talk to me , mikey , '' she begged him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 've got nothing to say . '' 
 `` say anything ! 
 it 'll make the day go faster . '' 
 `` no , it wo n't , '' he said , glancing ahead of them at milos , moose , and squirrel . 
 and that was that . 
 silence returned -- and although allie was tempted to catch up with the others , where at least there was laughter and conversation , she resisted , and hung back with mikey , but resented it . 
 at dusk they rested , and both mikey and milos disappeared . 
 allie asked moose and squirrel about it . 
 moose , who had limited peripheral vision out of his helmet , had n't seen much of anything , but squirrel had . 
 `` milos went off that way , '' he told her , pointing to a neighborhood off the side of the road . 
 `` he said he was looking for something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did n't say , did n't say -- but whatever it was , he said he 'd be back soon . '' 
 `` did mikey go with him ? '' 
 at the mention of mikey , squirrel got even more squirrelly . 
 `` nope , nope -- mikey do n't go places with milos , '' squirrel said . 
 `` i saw him go off the other way . 
 do n't know what he 's doing either -- and i do n't want to know . '' 
 squirrel looked to moose with a gaze of dread that even moose did n't understand . 
 `` whatsh up with you ? '' 
 moose asked . 
 `` nuthin ' , '' said squirrel . 
 `` why should anything be up with me ? 
 huh , huh ? '' 
 this should have been a further indication to allie that something was wrong , but her thinking had been confused by so many things lately , denial was the easier path to take . 
 when milos returned later that evening , he was all smiles . 
 `` i promised you the best lesson of all tonight , '' he told allie . 
 `` are you ready to begin ? '' 
 allie could n't imagine an evening of skinjacking better than what they had done at the grand ole opry , but she was willing to take a leap of faith . 
 milos had taught her so much already -- not just technique , but acceptance of herself , and what she could do . 
 she was truly learning how to enjoy skinjacking . 
 for better or for worse , it was something she needed to learn . 
 `` lead the way , '' she said , and realized she had put out her hand for milos to take . 
 milos gave her the biggest smirk she had ever seen him give -- and he refused to take her hand . 
 she laughed to mask her own embarrassment that even that little gesture had , for the two of them , become a game -- and milos now had , so to speak , the upper hand . 
 he took her to a nearby neighborhood -- a wealthy western suburb of nashville , where tract mansions rose from what was once farmland . 
 everything was winding streets and culde-sacs . 
 allie lost all sense of direction in the moonlight but milos seemed to know exactly where he was going . 
 he stopped at a huge house with a rounded driveway that was full of cars . 
 there was music inside , and the sound of a crowd . 
 `` a party ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 and we are about to crash it ! '' 
 `` interesting , '' she said , giving him a dubious look . 
 `` so is there a name for tonight 's lesson ? '' 
 milos thought about it . 
 `` i have no name for what we do tonight . 
 perhaps after the lesson is over , you can tell me what to call it . '' 
 they walked right in through the side wall , having no need for the front door , and in an instant , they were in the midst of dozens of teenaged fleshies , doing all those things allie 's parents would have grounded her for when she was alive : drinking , smoking , dancing much too close in clothes that were far too revealing . 
 and , of course , not a single adult was in sight . 
 `` we were all so stupid when we were alive , '' allie noted . 
 `` ah , to be that stupid again . '' 
 milos looked around , and pointed to the kitchen . 
 `` that way . '' 
 the crowd thinned out in the kitchen ; there were only about half a dozen kids in there . 
 `` there they are ! '' 
 he said , pointing to a boy , maybe seventeen , talking to a girl about the same age . 
 he wore a shirt that effectively showed off a body in ripped , varsity shape . 
 he was also amazingly easy on the eye . 
 `` best-looking boy here , yes ? '' 
 allie forced a shrug . 
 `` i had n't noticed . '' 
 `` and her . '' 
 he pointed to the girl the boy was talking to . 
 `` miss american pie . '' 
 allie laughed . 
 the girl was too pretty for her own good . 
 a blond cheerleader type that allie instantly invented a halfdozen negative fictions about : she must be an airhead , she must be a drunk , she must cheat on tests , she must backstab her friends , and that ridiculous rack ca n't be real . 
 `` why do n't you skinjack her ? '' 
 `` what possible point could that serve ? '' 
 `` listen to teacher , '' said milos . 
 allie sighed . 
 `` fine , but i 'm not going to like it . '' 
 but to her surprise , she was wrong . 
 about everything . 
 she did n't put the girl to sleep . 
 not at first anyway . 
 first allie hid behind her consciousness , to get a good sense of her mental landscape . 
 this girl was not any of the things allie had imagined . 
 she was smart and honest , never held a pom-pom in her life , and the mug of beer on the counter beside her was n't even hers . 
 allie found it annoying that this girl did n't fit any of her preconceived notions . 
 `` so , are you going to take the ut-memphis scholarship ? '' 
 asked the good-looking boy , `` because i think you should . 
 that way you 'll be closer to home , right ? 
 and -- '' suddenly he stopped , and something about him changed . 
 it was very slight -- the way he held his shoulders , the angle of his head -- and although his eyes were brown , it was as if they were also blue with white speckles at the same time . 
 now allie gently put the girl to sleep , and took full control of her body . 
 `` she looks good on you , '' milos said . 
 `` thanks , i think . '' 
 allie looked around . 
 the girl had clear vision , and saw everything in colors a little too vibrant . 
 it figured . 
 `` so am i cinderella at the ball now ? '' 
 `` that depends . 
 am i the prince of charming ? '' 
 `` prince charming , '' allie corrected , then she looked at him sternly . 
 `` do you think i do n't know what this is all about ? '' 
 he did n't deny it . 
 `` indulge me , '' he said . 
 `` one dance is all i ask . '' 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 `` out of simple gratitude for all i have taught you . '' 
 `` no -- you lied to me ! 
 you said tonight would be a lesson , not a free dance ticket . '' 
 `` it is a lesson , '' milos insisted . 
 `` come , look here . '' 
 he led her to a mirror in a nearby hallway . 
 `` look at yourself , '' he said . 
 `` before i met you , you would never dare to skinjack someone this beautiful . '' 
 the girl in the mirror certainly was stunning . 
 `` i never felt i had the right ... . '' 
 `` why ? 
 do you think so little of yourself that you should only skinjack people less attractive than you are ? 
 why not a girl as beautiful as you ? '' 
 allie could n't look away from the reflection . 
 `` i 'm not beautiful ... . '' 
 `` then i think you do n't see yourself clearly . 
 you are on the inside what she is on the outside . 
 and your outside is pretty good too . '' 
 finally she broke away from her reflection and turned to him . 
 `` we should give these people back their bodies . '' 
 `` yes , '' agreed milos , `` but first the dance . '' 
 he held out his hand to her . 
 she looked at it for the longest time , then she put her hand in his , ending their little cat-and-mouse game . 
 but now a new game had begun . 
 milos , in the body of the beautiful young man , led her to the living room , where all the furniture had been pushed aside to create a dance floor . 
 a dozen couples were dancing , and people without partners danced as well to the steady beat . 
 allie was never much of a dancer , but this girl came furnished with extensive muscle memory when it came to dancing . 
 allie found herself dancing better than she ever had before , and sweat soon began to bead on her forehead . 
 she had almost forgotten the curious sensation of perspiration ! 
 the song segued into another , and they kept on dancing through two songs , three , and then the pace slowed . 
 the fourth song was a slow dance , and allie found herself moving right into it . 
 milos 's arms swept around her , drawing her in , the space between them vanished , and she could smell cologne on his neck . 
 she had to remind herself it was neither his cologne , nor his neck . 
 it was halfway through the song that allie realized this girl was in love with this boy . 
 and while the girl 's mind and soul might have been asleep , her body was not . 
 suddenly the room felt like a sauna , and allie had to get out . 
 pulling away from milos , she hurried , pushing past the minefield of dancing couples , and out the back door , to an expansive pool deck . 
 it was cool out here , but there was no escape from the party . 
 people were clowning around in and around the pool . 
 people sat on lounge chairs . 
 one couple sat on the edge of the jacuzzi , making out . 
 `` get a room , '' someone griped . 
 although allie looked away , the lip-locked couple stayed in the corner of her eye , and her gaze kept being drawn to them . 
 she felt hands slip around her waist . 
 milos 's fleshie . 
 she turned to him , and once more the space between them compressed until they were in that close-dance position again . 
 milos brushed his hand down her arm , raising gooseflesh all over her borrowed body , until his hand reached hers , and he clasped it . 
 `` look at me , allie , '' he said gently , and so she did . 
 `` we break no rules , '' he said . 
 `` these two are already dating . 
 they arrived at the party holding hands . '' 
 he touched her face and although she knew it would be wise to back away , she did n't . 
 `` some feelings are lost to us in everlost , '' milos said . 
 `` some feelings can only be felt in living bodies . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she did understand , and she was unprepared for it . 
 in life she had never experienced how overwhelming , how strong those feelings could be . 
 how they could confound the most rational of minds . 
 `` and , '' said milos , his voice barely a whisper in her ear , `` there are things we can not do in everlost ... but we can do them here , in these bodies . '' 
 then he leaned in and kissed her . 
 it was profoundly different from an everlost kiss . 
 an everlost kiss was about connection , not passion . 
 an everlost kiss lacked this rudeness , this rawness of flesh , and the insane breathlessness of two hearts pounding faster and faster . 
 in that instant , allie forgot who she was , and who she was in . 
 she forgot this was not her body at all . 
 she let the mind of the girl surface , and it began to swim and blend with her own thoughts , until she did n't know whether she was the girl or the intruder . 
 and for a moment , just for a moment , it felt right . 
 it felt perfect . 
 how could it not be ? 
 their lips separated , and both of them stole a quick breath . 
 `` we could be for each other ... whatever we need , '' milos said . 
 this time it was allie moving forward , pressing her lips against his , not wanting this feverish , dizzying sensation to ever end . 
 this body she was in -- it shivered with the thrill of it . 
 `` get a room , '' shouted the same heckler , but the voice sounded part of another universe . 
 if milos had , in that moment , lifted her in those strong , borrowed arms , and carried her off to a quiet place , she would have allowed him to do it , letting herself be swallowed by passion . 
 but the moment passed , her senses returned , and she pushed him away . 
 `` milos , no ! '' 
 he looked at her , out of breath , eyes barely in control . 
 `` why no ? '' 
 she had trouble answering him , and so he kissed her again . 
 she knew if she gave herself over to the kiss one more time , all would be lost . 
 she would gladly be consumed by it . 
 this is what we are meant to do , milos had said . 
 this is what we are meant tobe . 
 it took every ounce of her will to say -- `` lesson over . '' 
 she could n't bear to pull out of his arms , so instead she peeled out of the beautiful girl , and back into everlost . 
 milos peeled away a moment later , once he realized that allie was gone . 
 allie stood there knowing she had done the right thing , but was still unable to turn and leave . 
 they stood there for the most awkward of moments . 
 `` now you will say you hated that , '' milos said , sheepishly . 
 allie shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 no , i did n't hate it . '' 
 and that was the problem . 
 beside them , the couple who , after all , really were dating , went back to kissing each other , probably thinking their odd supernatural experience was solely the product of love and hormones . 
 allie watched them , part of her wishing it could still be her -- but realizing that the other half of her wished that the boy could be mikey . 
 only now did she realize that the boy milos had chosen did look just a little bit like mikey . 
 she wondered if milos had chosen him for that very reason . 
 what was it he had said ? 
 we could be for each other whatever we need . 
 she wondered if the girl looked like jackin ' jill . 
 `` next time , maybe ? '' 
 said milos with an apologetic grin . 
 `` no , '' said allie , and took his hands , no longer in passion but in sympathy . 
 `` there wo n't be a next time , milos . '' 
 she could not hate him for this . 
 he had n't forced her -- he had n't taken advantage . 
 he was just doing what boys do -- and he was very good at it . 
 `` too bad , '' said milos . 
 `` i could have walked you down the red carpet at the oscars . 
 i could have danced with you in the white house . '' 
 `` now who 's thinking too big ? '' 
 milos sighed . 
 `` will you now walk back alone , or may i escort you ? '' 
 `` well , since we 're both going in the same direction , it would be silly to walk alone . '' 
 they returned to the highway together , yet apart . 
 it was a long and painfully awkward walk . 
 `` i 'm sorry , milos , '' allie told him , when they were halfway there . 
 but milos shook his head . 
 `` please , '' he said . 
 `` i posed a question , and your answer was no . 
 never be afraid to tell anyone ` no ' , '' he said . 
 `` and that includes me . '' 
 it did n't make it any easier that he was charming even in defeat . 
 she knew she could have fallen for milos had mikey not already been a part of her life , and milos knew it too . 
 never before had allie been put in a position of chosing between two boys . 
 some girls might like such a game -- toying with them , playing one against the other . 
 allie thought to the times she teased mikey about milos , and realized that maybe she had done a little bit of that herself . 
 it made her want to see mikey all the more . 
 the one comfort allie could take from the evening 's festivities was that her momentous lapse of reason would go unnoticed and unrecorded . 
 mikey would never know . 
 except that he did . 
 in fact , he was standing right beside them when they kissed . 
 chapter 14 strange winds when allie and milos returned to the interstate , moose and squirrel were there , but mikey was nowhere to be seen . 
 now that milos 's advances had hit a brick wall , he was itching to move on , and did n't appreciate waiting for mikey . 
 `` it is just like him to make the rest of us wait , '' milos said . 
 `` how do you know what he 's like ? '' 
 allie said , defensively . 
 `` you barely even know him . '' 
 milos knew better than to argue the point . 
 allie looked around -- to the fields across the interstate , and behind her , to the neighborhood they had just come from . 
 she tried to catch a glimpse of mikey 's afterglow , but the moon was too bright ; everything seemed to be glowing . 
 `` wherever he 's gone , he could n't have gone far , '' allie told the others . 
 but when mikey was n't back by midnight , allie began to worry . 
 `` what if something happened to him ? '' 
 squirrel stayed silent about it , but moose -- probably following milos 's earlier cue -- was annoyed . 
 `` let him catch up with ush . '' 
 milos , on the other hand , had moved past his irritation , and recognized that mikey 's absence was something out of the ordinary . 
 `` there will be a sensible explanation , '' milos reasoned , `` and when he does come back , we can all be suitably angry at him . 
 but for now we will wait . '' 
 allie kept a vigil all night , her mind filling with all the things that could have happened to him . 
 what if the nashville afterlights kidnapped him ? 
 what if he got caught in one of mary 's stupid soul traps ? 
 yet she knew she was grasping at straws . 
 those nashville afterlights were timid things -- and as for soul traps , there was no evidence that mary had ever been this far west . 
 when dawn came , and mikey still had n't returned , allie was beside herself . 
 the others kept their distance -- not even milos knew how to handle this . 
 it was in that early morning light that she took special notice of squirrel . 
 he had nothing to say about the matter all night long -- yet he was even more antsy than usual . 
 he kept bouncing his knee and shifting his weight from leg to leg . 
 he would n't meet allie 's gaze , and that clinched it . 
 in an instant she had him tried , convicted , and sentenced . 
 `` it was you ! '' 
 she stormed up to him and pointed an accusing finger . 
 `` you did something to him ! '' 
 squirrel 's jaw dropped open and he shook his head . 
 `` not me ! 
 not me ! 
 i would n't do anything to him ! '' 
 he looked to moose , who backed away , hoping this plague of guilt would n't spread to him , but he was too late . 
 `` it was both of you ! '' 
 yelled allie . 
 `` i know it just by looking at you ! '' 
 moose 's beady eyes seemed to widen within his helmet , like a cornered opossum . 
 she half expected him to suddenly play dead . 
 `` we did n't do anything ! 
 milosh tell her it waz n't ush ! '' 
 but milos was not taking sides . 
 `` you 're both lying ! ' 
 allie screamed at them . 
 `` tell me what you did , or i 'll tear you apart with my bare hands ! '' 
 in that moment , she believed she could do it , and they believed it too . 
 `` we did n't do anything ! 
 i swear , i swear ! '' 
 pleaded squirrel . 
 `` cross my heart and hope to fry ! 
 i 'd be afraid to do anything to him , honest ! '' 
 and that , coming from squirrel , just sounded odd . 
 it was just a further indication to allie that he must be lying . 
 finally milos stepped in . 
 `` afraid of him ? 
 why afraid ? '' 
 squirrel looked to milos then to moose , and finally to allie . 
 `` i think ... i think your friend is some kinda monster . '' 
 and the expression of horror and hatred that allie gave him made squirrel back away . 
 `` it 's true , it 's true ! 
 he 's got all these eyes -- and tentacles . 
 he hides 'em real good , but i know he 's got 'em . '' 
 `` you 're lying ! '' 
 screamed allie , and she rushed him . 
 `` take it back ! 
 you 're lying , take it back ! '' 
 she began pushing him , shaking him , hitting him . 
 it was milos who pulled her away from squirrel , and she collapsed , sobbing like she never had in life . 
 milos tried to comfort her , but she just pushed him away . 
 `` he 's lying , '' she said over and over , her voice getting weaker each time she said it . 
 `` he 's lying ... . '' 
 `` maybe squirrel saw something else , and thought it was mikey , '' milos suggested . 
 `` yeah , '' said moose , butting squirrel in the head with his helmet . 
 `` you alwayz shee things that are n't there ! '' 
 `` but ... but -- '' milos put his hand up and silenced him , then he knelt down to allie , who still wept . 
 `` i think ... we need ... to consider ... `` he spoke slowly , measuring each word like the tick of a metronome , '' ... that maybe ... mikey took his coin ... and got where he was going . '' 
 `` he would n't do that , '' said allie . 
 `` no . 
 he would n't just leave without saying good-bye . '' 
 `` maybe he did not mean to , '' suggested milos . 
 `` yeah , yeah -- maybe he took the coin out just to look at it , '' said squirrel , `` but once that tunnel opens , there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 allie still was n't ready to believe it . 
 `` there 's got to be another explanation . '' 
 then , after a long silence , milos said , `` then we will wait . '' 
 and so they waited till noon . 
 they waited till sunset . 
 they waited through a second night . 
 mikey still had n't returned , and allie had to face the very real possibility that he never would . 
 when the sun peeked over the eastern horizon the next morning , milos finally said , `` come ; i said i would get you to memphis and i will . '' 
 allie shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not going . 
 i 'm staying here . '' 
 `` let her stay , '' said squirrel . 
 `` it 's not our problem . '' 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 snapped milos . 
 allie closed her eyes . 
 things had not gone the way she had planned . 
 in that way everlost was no different than the living world . 
 `` you must let it go , '' milos pleaded with her . 
 `` you must get to memphis . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why does it matter ? '' 
 milos sighed . 
 `` because ... there are things i have not told you . '' 
 allie looked at him , a bit disgusted . 
 `` more lessons ? '' 
 he shook his head , and spoke in a calm , resigned voice . 
 `` no lessons . 
 because there are some things every skinjacker must learn for themselves . 
 in this i ca n't help you . 
 i can only point you in the right direction . '' 
 allie wondered if he was just being enigmatic to distract her from thoughts of mikey or if there was something he was truly hinting at . 
 either way , milos was right -- she had to move on , because if she stayed here , she would surely let herself sink to the center of the earth . 
 `` all right , '' she said calmly . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 she stood , and gathered what fortitude she could . 
 `` without mikey , we do n't have to walk . '' 
 she looked at the cars whizzing past on the highway . 
 `` we can skinjack a family already driving to memphis , and be there in two hours . '' 
 and she hoped that the farther away from here she got , the less it would hurt . 
 getting to memphis took a bit longer than two hours -- but not much . 
 first they had to find a car with four passengers at a nearby rest stop , making sure they were heading to or at least passing through memphis . 
 then there was the argument with moose and squirrel about how to do it -- fully jack the fleshies , or merely hide within them , behind their consciousness , hitching a ride . 
 `` hiding is for girls , '' said squirrel , which just ticked allie off . 
 the problem was solved when moose confessed , `` i do n't know how to hide -- with me itsh all or nothing . '' 
 apparently the finer points of skinjacking were beyond moose . 
 in the end , it was agreed that they would all just skinjack a family in one fell swoop , put them to sleep , and then wake them up again once they had pulled off the interstate and were safe in some parking lot somewhere . 
 the family would have to deal with inexplicably losing a few hours of their lives , but at least they would be closer to wherever they were going . 
 milos drove , while allie avoided looking in any mirrors , because she really did n't want to be reminded of what she was doing . 
 in the backseat moose and squirrel inhabited a pair of six-year-old twins , and would n't stop bickering and picking their noses . 
 they were clearly in their element . 
 they stopped just east of the city , and woke the family after they had parked , peeling out of them , and leaving them to make sense of the sudden time lapse . 
 allie , however lingered long enough to make her presence known in the woman 's mind , telling her that all was well , and not to worry . 
 it was the least she could do . 
 immediately upon peeling into everlost , they felt the wind that the nashville afterlights had spoken of . 
 it was a stiff breeze coming from the west . 
 while living-world wind passed through them , barely noticed , this wind did not . 
 `` they said it gets worse the closer we get to the river , '' squirrel said . 
 `` i do n't like it , '' said moose . 
 even milos looked unsettled . 
 `` i have heard people say that everlost ends at the mississippi river , but i never believed this . 
 now i think maybe it is true , and this wind is a barrier keeping us back . '' 
 `` good thing memphis is on this side of the river , then , '' said allie curtly . 
 she did n't care about the wind . 
 she did n't care about much of anything right now . 
 mikey 's departure had left her numb . 
 so she was here . 
 she had no address to go by , but she was resourceful . 
 finding her family might take some time , but she 'd be able to do it . 
 she wished that she did n't have to do it alone , but it was n't milos 's help she wanted . 
 milos must have know that , because here is where he said his good-bye . 
 `` we 'll be heading north , '' he told her , his voice raised against the whistling wind . 
 `` the afterlights in nashville heard rumors of a skinjacking girl up in illinois . '' 
 `` jackin ' jill ? '' 
 `` one can only hope . '' 
 behind them , moose and squirrel milled around impatiently , but milos took his time . 
 `` i hope you find your family , '' he told allie . 
 `` and once you do , you will see things in a whole different light . '' 
 then he kissed her hand , and turned to go . 
 moose and squirrel both gave her quick , obligatory waves good-bye . 
 then the three of them skinjacked some random fleshies , and they were gone . 
 later that day , in a memphis church , kevin david barnes , twenty-four , married rebecca lynn danbury , twenty-two . 
 the groom , a bit scruffy in real life , was quite handsome in his tuxedo , and everyone agreed the bride was the most perfect vision of a bride that anyone had ever seen . 
 when the minister said those momentous words to conclude the glorious ceremony , kevin barnes lifted his new wife 's veil to give her that long-awaited kiss . 
 he had no way of knowing that allie was secretly hiding behind the bride 's wild , racing thoughts -- not stealing the moment , but lurking within it , hoping to claim the tiniest fraction of it for herself . 
 when the kiss ended , allie found her spirit bursting into tears . 
 she cried for mikey , the boy she had lost , for milos , the boy she had shunned , and she cried because she knew that this moment was someone else 's , and she 'd never grow to be twenty-two like rebecca lynn danbury . 
 she 'd never go to a prom , or walk down the aisle , or be a mother . 
 she was an afterlight , and afterlights knew no such things . 
 although allie tried to contain herself , her emotions touched the bride , making her cry as well . 
 and the crowd applauded , so very pleased to see the bride 's tears of joy . 
 in her book tips for taps , mary attempts to shed some of her own personal light on afterlights who suffer from negative emotions . 
 `` surely sorrow will accompany any afterlight when they cross from the so-called living world into everlost -- much the way a baby will cry upon being born . 
 this is only natural . 
 however , the healthy afterlight will quickly put such negative emotions aside , lest they fester into anger or bitterness . 
 i have seen the ravages of bitterness , and it is not pretty . 
 in everlost , we have a responsibility to find happiness , and relive that same happiness day after day until eternity finds us filled with joy , and void of anything else whatsoever . '' 
 chapter 15 the flight of mikey mcgill mikey mcgill remembered the fateful day he first awoke in everlost , more than a hundred years ago , when he arrived home with his sister , and realized that they were ghosts . 
 he remembered sinking through the wooden floor , while his sister clung to a bedpost screaming . 
 neither of them yet understood anything about everlost , and both were terrified . 
 but nothing he ever experienced in life , or in death , half compared to what he felt when he saw milos and allie kiss . 
 he had followed them to the party . 
 until that night , mikey had resisted the urge to spy on the two of them , but there was only so long he could fight his own curiosity . 
 he kept far behind them , out of view , until seeing them skinjack that disgustingly beautiful couple . 
 once the two were ensconced in flesh , their eyes would see only the living world , and so mikey could come right up to them , just inches away , and see it all , without them ever knowing he was there . 
 to mikey , they now just looked like a living teenage couple , but he knew milos and allie were inside them . 
 he could tell by the way they walked and the things they said to each other . 
 he was there when milos asked her to dance , and he witnessed allie 's initial reluctance -- which gave him a brief moment of hope ... but she gave in far too easily , as if her refusal was nothing more than her being coy . 
 he watched them dance . 
 he watched them dance close , and then he followed them outside to the pool , where it seemed everyone was a couple . 
 and then they kissed . 
 the first kiss was horrifying , and the second was devastating -- because it was n't milos shoving his lips against allie anymore -- the second kiss was allie kissing him back . 
 this confirmed everything he suspected , everything he feared -- and what made mikey even more furious was that he had trusted her . 
 how could he have been so stupid ? 
 he screamed at them , a primal wordless howl , but they could n't hear him . 
 mikey knew what he would do to milos once he was back in everlost -- he would push milos right through that pool deck so hard , he would have made an express trip to the center of the earth , but mikey knew if he let his fury loose , once he was done with milos , he would turn his wrath on allie , and do the same to her . 
 he could n't let that happen , and so he ran . 
 he never saw allie pushing milos away . 
 he never heard her tell him `` no . '' 
 mikey 's grief and rage was unbearable , and yet familiar -- so much like the rage that filled him when he commanded the sulphur queen . 
 and as he ran , he let his fury transform him . 
 his rage became red-hot spikes erupting from his skin . 
 his frustration became jagged shark teeth , multiplying row after row , and when his mouth could n't fit them anymore , it stretched . 
 his jealousy pulled his eyes into narrow glaring slits , and his sorrow hardened his afterlight skin into a shell as hard as steel . 
 spiked armor encased him now , his whole body was like the surface of a medieval mace -- but it did n't slow him down . 
 his armored shell thundered with each footfall , setting off seismic ripples in the living world that no one could account for . 
 and , fully encased in that armored exoskeleton , he stormed all the way back to nashville , right into the factory , and the den of nashville afterlights . 
 when they saw this thing , this horrible miscreation before them , they did n't know what to do . 
 some scattered , others froze in place , others fell to the ground and covered their heads like the world was ending . 
 mikey opened his mouth to speak , but no words came out . 
 instead , he vomited his entire being out through that gaping mouth , completely turning himself inside out . 
 the armor folded in behind him , and into him , becoming a jagged skeleton within a veiny , sinewy inner self -- a mockery of ruined flesh . 
 his whole body was now an open wound . 
 `` i am the mcgill ! '' 
 he roared in a ghastly , earthshaking voice . 
 `` i am the mcgill ! 
 look upon me and tremble ! '' 
 and they did . 
 184 185 part three the great white city in her book everything mary says is wrong , allie the outcast takes a moment to ponder the hereafter : `` i do n't know whether we come to everlost by accident or by design . 
 some will say we are abandoned here -- lost between the cracks of an unfeeling universe . 
 others will say we have been selected to be here by an almighty hand , and then they will use that to justify everything they do as god 's will . 
 whether my ability to skinjack is an accident or intentional , i do know this : i 've seen the light at the end of the tunnel , so i know the universe is not cold . 
 i 've read the fortunes ; they are evidence that we are not alone . 
 and i 've seen afterlights hold their coins , remember who they once were , and finally get where they were going . 
 i have seen enough to know that there is something beyond everlost , but the nature of it is just as mysterious here as it is to the living . 
 so beware those in everlost who say they know god 's will , because they are no different from those who say the universe is soulless and cold . 
 both are two sides of the same coin , and it 's not a coin that will get you anywhere you want to go . '' 
 chapter 16 mary 's master plan it would be untrue to say that mary hightower had , from the very beginning , planned the various things she would soon accomplish , and the many things she would soon attempt . 
 ideas take root , plans blossom , and old ones wither and die -- in everlost , just as in the living world . 
 back in her days at the towers , mary had dedicated herself to taking stray afterlights under her wing , and finding for them the one activity that would occupy them until the end of time . 
 she believed this to be a noble calling . 
 nick , however , had dazzled her children with those abominable coins , then dispatched them all into that mysterious light at the end of the tunnel , from which there is no return . 
 she could not blame the children , for what child could resist such a mystery ? 
 it was all nick 's pigheaded wrongmindedness , and she marveled at how much damage a single individual could do to her controlled , perfect little universe . 
 she hated him with a ferocity and passion that was only matched by how much she also loved him -- and the endless conflict of those two emotions made it impossible to go back to the way things were before . 
 she supposed in some ways , she owed nick a debt of gratitude , because if he had n't freed her children from everlost , mary would never have been rousted out of her own pattern ; she never would have seen the larger picture , and she never would have cultivated grander plans . 
 certainly she would still gather and protect as many afterlights as she could , but that would soon become a small part of a master blueprint so massive , it would make mary light-headed every time she was to think of it . 
 when she came to chicago , however , the plan was still merely an inkling -- a seedling just beginning to sprout something green . 
 she had yet to realize how deep the roots would take , and how large the limbs would grow . 
 chapter 17 the death boss mary allowed her reputation to precede her . 
 in fact , she pushed it ahead of her with a mighty hand . 
 as the hindenburg cut a slow path across the sky , she would send out emissaries ahead of her , with copies of her various books . 
 then those emissaries would strategically spread stories about her to any afterlights who would listen -- which was just about everyone , for afterlights all love the telling of stories . 
 mary 's disciples would spread tales of wonder , and proudly tell the stories of mary 's many good deeds . 
 if the stories themselves did n't leave kids gaping in awe , the sight of the massive airship descending from the sky certainly would . 
 because mary had a high regard for honesty , she insisted that they be told only that which was true . 
 of course she handchose her emissaries of good will , selecting loyal afterlights who would portray her in the most favorable light . 
 mary 's emissaries arrived in chicago several weeks before she did , and so , by the time the hindenburg came in over lake michigan , there was not an afterlight in all of chicago who had not heard her name and did n't wonder if the stories were true . 
 mary had speedo circle the city three times so every afterlight below would have a clear view of it . 
 speedo was clearly apprehensive . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 speedo asked her . 
 he had asked this over and over again , as if asking might get her to change her mind . 
 `` there 's got to be a reason why the kids we sent out never came back . '' 
 `` we 'll discover the reason soon enough . '' 
 on the second loop above the city , mary decided where they 'd set down . 
 it was a city full of deadspots , thanks to the great chicago fire -- but one place stood out . 
 mary recognized it as the grounds of the 1893 columbian exhibition -- a giant world 's fair . 
 it was more than a mile across -- the largest deadspot mary had ever seen -- and even from this height , mary could see it was quite literally swarming with afterlights . 
 `` there , '' said mary , pointing at the largest square , in the center of the fairgrounds . 
 `` that 's where we 'll set down . '' 
 speedo quaked in his wet bathing suit . 
 `` but should n't we land somewhere away from the city ? 
 far , far away ? '' 
 `` no , speedo , '' mary said calmly . 
 `` this time , i want to be right in the thick of it . '' 
 their standard operating procedure had always been to settle in less populated areas , set up their various soul traps , then return sometime later to see if the traps had sprung . 
 then , as the population within the hindenburg grew , she became slightly more daring , setting down in small towns and villages that might have some rudimentary organization to their afterlight population . 
 she would address the small gatherings of afterlights in these towns . 
 sometimes they would join her , and climb aboard , sometimes not . 
 if they chose not to join her , she would leave them with whatever gifts she could spare , and the nagging feeling that they missed out on something wonderful . 
 by the time she came to chicago , she had ninety-three afterlights in her protective care . 
 `` the city 's run by a death boss ! '' 
 said speedo . 
 `` that 's what he calls himself ! 
 a death boss ! '' 
 `` just a rumor , '' mary said , although she suspected that the rumor was true . 
 she had heard that he even named himself after the city 's most notorious gangster . 
 `` last month you were telling me that chicago did n't even exist ! '' 
 `` i did n't say that , '' said speedo . 
 `` i said that it did n't exist in everlost . '' 
 `` and yet now we know that it does , '' mary pointed out . 
 `` illumination defeats ignorance every time . '' 
 `` what if he captures us and turns us into slaves ? '' 
 pleaded speedo . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` dictators who rule with an iron fist are motivated by self-interest , '' mary lectured , `` and if pugsy capone does rule like a dictator , it would not serve his interests to enslave us . '' 
 `` are you sure of that ? '' 
 mary sighed . 
 `` no , '' she admitted . 
 `` but we 're going anyway . '' 
 they circled the city a final time , then descended toward the grounds of the columbian exhibition . 
 * * * the world columbian exhibition of 1893 was perhaps the greatest world 's fair there had ever been . 
 it filled a full square-mile along the shore of lake michigan , and looked more like ancient rome than chicago . 
 magnificent domed buildings , column-lined courtyards , and glorious fountains stood at the heart of the fair , all of it so alabaster white it became known as the great white city -- blinding in the sun , and glowing mystically by moonlight . 
 these towering colonnades and hallowed halls of industry stood as monuments to the power and permanence of man 's creations . 
 unfortunately it was all made of cheap plaster , and crumbled like a sandcastle once the fair was over . 
 however , the loss to the living world was a gift to everlost . 
 here in everlost , the great white city still claimed the shoreline of lake michigan . 
 the gilded statue of the republic forever towered resolutely at its heart , and george ferris 's great wheel -- the original ferris wheel -- continued to turn relentless circles -- still the tallest piece of chicago to cross into everlost . 
 in short , the place was larger than life , but then , so was mary hightower , and she orchestrated her arrival with royal style . 
 the hindenburg settled in the `` court of honor , '' the great courtyard at the heart of the white city , touching down in the reflecting pool that so eerily matched the giant zeppelin in size and shape , it appeared to belong there , fitting like a key in a lock . 
 all around the court of honor , hundreds upon hundreds of chicago afterlights gathered to gawk as a ramp descended , and mary 's afterlights marched out two by two , into the shallow reflecting pool in size order . 
 they then parted , and faced inward , creating a gauntlet ; a pathway of afterlights for mary to walk between . 
 they stood at attention , and all waited in silent anticipation . 
 then mary emerged , walking slowly , regally , her green velvet dress just brushing the surface of the ankle-deep pool , making her appear to walk on water . 
 she strode to the edge of the reflecting pool and then stopped , waiting patiently for the chicago afterlights to dredge up the nerve to approach her . 
 they all looked downtrodden and scared , with circles under their wide eyes that gave them the disconcerting look of zombies -- but those eyes were n't empty and mindless , they were full of dread -- the first indication that all the rumors about pugsy capone were true . 
 finally , a young girl , the bravest of these timid afterlights , approached her and asked , `` are you here to send the death boss to hell ? '' 
 the question challenged mary 's balance , but only for an instant . 
 she smiled at the girl warmly . 
 `` i 'm here to help , '' she said . 
 `` please tell mr. capone that mary hightower has come to see him . '' 
 the girl ran off , and mary waited patiently , refusing to engage any of the other afterlights in conversation , because she knew that would challenge pugsy 's power , and she did n't want to do that . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 ten minutes later the girl came back , running as quickly as she had run off . 
 `` his eminence will see you now . '' 
 `` his eminence ! '' 
 said mary . 
 `` is n't that a title reserved for the pope , and other holy men ? '' 
 the girl looked down modestly . 
 `` i would n't know , your highness . '' 
 `` you do n't have to call me that , '' mary said . 
 `` you can just call me miss mary . '' 
 `` yes , miss mary , '' the girl said dutifully , and when she looked up at mary , she had the slightest hint of a smile -- perhaps the first smile she 'd had in ages . 
 she led mary from the court of honor to a huge building labeled transportation . 
 the doorway stood beneath a high golden arch . 
 apparently the boss of chicago was receiving her with royal treatment . 
 `` they said to bring you here , '' said the girl , but she would n't step over the threshold into the building . 
 `` they ? '' 
 asked mary . 
 `` whom do you mean ? '' 
 suddenly figures emerged from the dark doorway , and hands grabbed her arms more forcefully than she was accustomed to . 
 `` she means us . '' 
 they pulled her inside , shut the door in the little girl 's face , and mary was pulled forward into a huge , dimly lit space the size of an airplane hangar by a trio of beefy thugs . 
 the hall of transportation had been stripped of any transportation whatsoever . 
 the towering space was empty except for a single wing-footed statue of mercury in the center , to which the three thugs chained mary , and as they closed the shackles around her wrists and ankles , she felt all her hopes fizzle . 
 `` which one of you buffoons is pugsy capone ? '' 
 mary snarled , disturbed not only by her situation , but by the viciousness of her own voice . 
 she thought she could find poise in every circumstance . 
 apparently not . 
 `` the death boss has better things to do than deal with prisoners , '' said the largest of the thugs . 
 it appeared the `` death boss '' chose his personal foot soldiers for their strength , their intimidating faces , and for the clothes they had been wearing when they died . 
 all three of them wore suits . 
 from different time periods , of course , but suits nonetheless . 
 they were all fifteen or so , although they looked older in their suits . 
 the gray-suited thug to her right stepped forward , and recited for her the same thing he probably recited to every afterlight unlucky enough to stumble into this miserable enclave . 
 `` you are now a subject of pugsy capone , and as such , you have no rights beyond the ones mr. capone gives you , if any . 
 you will speak only when spoken to , you will perform all tasks given to you . 
 you will cast your eyes to the ground when mr. capone or any of us pass . 
 should you disobey any of these orders , you will be gagged , tied to a cinder block , and hurled out into the living world , where you will sink quickly to the center of the earth . 
 do you understand these things as they 've been explained to you ? 
 do you need anything repeated ? '' 
 they waited for mary 's response , but she said nothing , just glared at them , refusing to cast her eyes the slightest bit downward . 
 the gray-suited thug got right in her face and shouted , `` i said , do you need anything repeated ? '' 
 `` no , '' she finally said . 
 `` how long will i be imprisoned here ? '' 
 `` no questions ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 then he said , `` you 'll stay like this as long as he wants you to . 
 maybe a month , maybe a year , maybe forever . '' 
 speedo had been right -- if only she had listened to him . 
 she could only hope that pugsy capone would be curious enough to come see her himself -- if only to gloat over his victory . 
 a face-to-face encounter could only help her situation . 
 mary finally cast her eyes down , and , satisfied , the gray-suited thug stepped back . 
 `` your blimp is now the property of the death boss , '' he said , `` and so are all your afterlights . '' 
 mary tugged at her chains but it did no good . 
 her miscalculation had not only cost mary her own freedom , but her children as well . 
 the anguish stabbed as deep as a blade in living flesh , but she would not let it show . 
 instead , she said with all the defiance she could muster , `` it 's not a blimp . 
 any imbecile can tell you it 's a rigid airship . '' 
 to which the largest of the thugs calmly replied , `` it is whatever pugsy capone says it is . '' 
 then they left her there to stew in her own intentions , chained to a flying statue that could n't fly . 
 pugsy capone , death boss of chicago , lord of the white city , was a very shrewd afterlight . 
 shrewd enough to have trapped almost a thousand afterlights under his `` protection . '' 
 he was a spirit who not only saw afterlife as a competition , but as a competition where points were scored by creating the greatest amount of misery . 
 the thought of dethroning the infamous `` mary queen of snots , '' was the stuff of dreams for him , and had a very high point value , indeed . 
 however , as mary had hoped , the thrill of capturing her eventually gave way to his curiosity . 
 it took a while -- mainly because he had a new toy : the hindenburg , which he insisted on calling a blimp , and no one dared to correct him -- not even speedo , who was told he 'd be sleeping with the magma if he did n't pilot pugsy anywhere he wanted to go . 
 it took a week for him to tire of tooling around the airspace above chicago , and then his thoughts turned to the legendary girl sealed away in the hall of transportation . 
 he would not lower himself to go to her ; however , he had his three favored foot soldiers bring her to him . 
 after a week , mary 's spirit had not been broken . 
 it would take more than shackles and solitude to humble mary hightower -- although there were a few times that she became a bit delirious , and fantasized about nick putting their battle aside , and barreling into chicago on his train to rescue her . 
 her own fantasy infuriated her , because mary was not , nor would ever be , a damsel in distress . 
 finally pugsy 's boys arrived , unshackled her , and led her out into daylight , toward the giant ferris wheel . 
 she held herself high all the way there . 
 her presence there drew crowds that were quickly dispersed when the thugs gave them the evil eye . 
 the ferris wheel was more than a mere amusement park ride . 
 its long rectangular gondolas were the size of railroad cars , each one capable of carrying dozens of people to vertigo-inducing heights . 
 the door to the lowermost gondola was open , and mary was led inside to what must have been the death boss 's throne room . 
 the throne was a red leather armchair , and the boy who sat in it was not at all what mary expected . 
 pugsy capone was a chubby thirteen-year-old in a pinstriped double-breasted suit that was noticeably tight . 
 mary wondered whether pugsy immediately decided that since he was stuck wearing the clothes of a gangster , he ought to be one , or if he had simply forgotten who he was , and so defined himself by his attire . 
 mary suspected he had been in everlost at least fifty years , by the style of his suit . 
 it was easy to see how pugsy had gotten his name . 
 he had unpleasantly bulging eyes , and his nose was pushed up and back , exposing his nostrils , as if he had died while pressing his face up against a window . 
 he looked so much like a pug dog , mary half expected him to bark . 
 his thugs took their place behind him , and folded their arms , taking on a posture of invulnerability and arrogance . 
 there was also someone else present -- a girl who lurked in a corner , looking on with mild interest . 
 she had waves of unkempt blond hair filled with nettles and thorns , skin so tan it was difficult to determine her race , and a gaudy pendant with a sky-blue gem hanging around her neck . 
 mary found the girl 's cool gaze more disconcerting than pugsy 's bug-eyed glare . 
 `` i 'm willing to listen to your pleas of mercy , '' pugsy said in a voice that would forever crack between octaves , having not finished changing while he was alive . 
 `` i 'm sorry to disappoint you , '' said mary , `` but you 'll be hearing no pleas of mercy from me . '' 
 pugsy shifted uncomfortably in his big armchair . 
 `` what have you done with my children ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 the thug in the gray suit spoke up . 
 `` who said you could ask questions ? '' 
 but pugsy put up his hand to silence him . 
 `` i 've put them in storage until i decide what to do with them . 
 as for you , i was thinking it might be fun to chain you to the center of the ferris wheel and watch you go round and round . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 mary fought back her urge to scold him for being such a thoroughly vile little urchin , and instead offered him her kindest smile . 
 `` come now , '' she said , `` surely the death boss of chicago is above such pettiness . 
 you must realize i 'm far more useful as an ally than an ornament . '' 
 that gave him pause for thought . 
 if he had n't realized it before , he was ready to consider it now . 
 here was the chance mary had hoped for ! 
 `` you 've built quite a civilization here in chicago , '' mary told him . 
 `` you are to be congratulated . '' 
 `` flattery from the sky witch ! 
 you really must want something from me ! '' 
 he chuckled softly , and his henchmen took it as their cue to chuckle loudly . 
 `` do not call me that , '' she said , forcefully but respectfully . 
 `` my name is mary hightower , and it is the only name i answer to , '' `` i know your name , '' said pugsy , with an air of disgust in his voice . 
 `` so are you gon na tell me why you trespassed on my property ? '' 
 `` i believe it 's best if we discuss matters of importance alone , '' mary said . 
 his thugs looked ready to stand their ground , and mary noticed the girl in the corner smile , perhaps impressed with mary 's boldness . 
 pugsy looked to his thugs . 
 `` send us up to the top , and wait for me on the ground , '' he told them . 
 `` yes , boss , '' they said , ever obedient . 
 then he turned to the girl . 
 `` why do n't you go skinjack someone , and get today 's sports scores . '' 
 it was the first thing that pugsy said that really caught mary by surprise . 
 `` whatever you say , '' said the girl with a toss of her crazy , nettle-nested hair , then she sauntered out behind the three thugs , eyeing mary all the way . 
 in a moment the ferris wheel grinded into motion , and the large car began a long , slow arc up and away . 
 `` you trust a skinjacker ? '' 
 mary asked him . 
 `` sure , '' said pugsy , `` she comes in very useful -- no matter what you say in your books . '' 
 `` so , you 've read my books , then ? '' 
 `` only what i could stomach . '' 
 `` you should attempt to ` stomach ' more , '' mary suggested . 
 `` i 've shared all the things i 've discovered here -- all the things i know . '' 
 `` yeah , well i know things too . '' 
 pugsy stood up and went to a window to admire the view . 
 mary knew he was n't very tall , but she did n't realize how short and stocky he was until he stood up . 
 `` so now that we 're alone , are you gon na tell me why you 're here ? '' 
 mary decided to take the direct approach . 
 `` i propose an alliance between you and me . 
 a partnership between equals . '' 
 that made him laugh . 
 `` equals ? 
 how do you figure that ? '' 
 and he gestured out the window at his vast land holdings . 
 `` i have no need to look , '' she said . 
 `` my view from the hindenburg is just as grand as yours . '' 
 `` oh , '' said pugsy , `` but this view is priceless . '' 
 finally mary looked . 
 they had just crested the peak of the ferris wheel , and as they began the journey downward , the car next to them came into view . 
 to mary 's horror , it was packed with children -- mary 's children -- every last one of them . 
 they had been packed into that car like sardines . 
 this is what pugsy meant by `` storage . '' 
 `` it 's amazing , '' said pugsy . 
 `` afterlights can fit into whatever space you want them to . 
 all ninety-three of yours are in there . '' 
 mary could n't find words to express her disgust . 
 `` so you see , '' said pugsy . 
 `` i hold all the chips . 
 you got ta do whatever i say , or they 're the ones that 'll suffer . '' 
 mary swallowed her urge to slap him silly , and spoke slowly , making sure all her words had time to sink in through his thick skull . 
 `` treating me as an equal will elevate you far more than you can imagine . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he sneered . 
 `` yes , it is . '' 
 then she put aside all modesty , false or otherwise . 
 `` in everlost i am seen as a queen , an angel , a witch , an enchantress . 
 i did not chose this , of course , but the fact remains that i am the stuff of legend . 
 if you imprison me , you are a mere jail keeper . 
 but ... if you rise to be my equal , you will become legendary as well . '' 
 `` i already am legendary . '' 
 mary laughed dismissively . 
 `` your infamy does not spread as far as you 'd like to believe , '' she told him . 
 `` east of pittsburgh , and south of indianapolis , i doubt anyone has ever heard of you . 
 and those who have heard of you , consider you ... well ... a gangster . 
 but an alliance with me would legitimize what you 've done here . '' 
 `` and what 's in it for you ? '' 
 pugsy asked . 
 mary had anticipated the question . 
 in this , she chose to be direct as well . 
 `` no doubt you 've heard of the chocolate ogre , '' mary said . 
 `` i thought he was made-up . '' 
 `` no , he 's very real . 
 in a single day he could empty chicago , so that not a single afterlight remained under your ` protection . ' '' 
 `` i 'd like to see him try , '' said pugsy . 
 `` do n't underestimate him ; he 's very cunning , '' mary warned . 
 `` but with enough afterlights , i can defeat him . '' 
 she crossed to the other side of the car , giving him time to think about it . 
 as she did , her velvet dress brushed against the back of the red leather armchair . 
 she wondered if it was as comfortable as it looked . 
 `` so ... `` said pugsy , `` you intend to build an army , is that it ? '' 
 `` oh , please ! '' 
 mary waved away the suggestion . 
 `` an army implies a war . 
 i will not have a war ... but i will protect everlost from those who might wreak havoc on the order that you and i try to create . 
 no , we wo n't have an army , but we will have freedom fighters . '' 
 they reached the bottom of the wheel , and began to circle up once more . 
 `` agree to help me bring down the chocolate ogre , '' said mary , `` and i will give my heartfelt , personal blessing to you , as ruler of chicago , and -- dare i say it -- with my stamp of approval , you could conceivably spread your reign to the rest of everlost . '' 
 pugsy was dazzled by the concept . 
 `` i 'd be the everboss ! '' 
 he said . 
 mary tried not to cringe . 
 `` if you wish . '' 
 as they crested the peak again , they both looked to the next car , where mary 's children peered out , hopelessly cramped and tangled in their rotating cell . 
 `` so , '' asked mary , `` which will it be ? 
 jailer ... or emperor ? '' 
 chapter 18 the interlight incubator a pronouncement was made the following day . 
 all of pugsy 's afterlights were called out to the court of honor to hear it , as were all of mary 's children , who were released from their revolving prison without as much as an apology . 
 mary and pugsy stood side by side at the podium , although he stood on a box so he would appear as tall as her . 
 `` i 'm pleased to announce a new alliance between myself and mary hightower , governess of the east , '' pugsy told the masses . 
 `` this will usher in a new age in everlost . '' 
 then he ordered everyone to celebrate . 
 there was a feast of crossed food -- not all that much to eat , for even in chicago edible pickings were slim , but it was the idea that counted , and everyone was in good spirits -- even the chicago kids , who , for once , had reason to cheer rather than to despair . 
 mary allowed her children to mingle with the chicago afterlights , knowing that at the end of the celebration they would happily return to the comfort and routine of the hindenburg . 
 pugsy 's three henchmen now treated mary with the utmost respect , and would attempt to stand behind her and fold their arms as they did for pugsy . 
 mary would have none of it . 
 she did n't need bodyguards . 
 `` go practice your intimidation elsewhere , '' she told them . 
 `` of course , miss mary , '' they would obsequiously reply , as if being irritatingly polite would win her favor . 
 the skinjacking girl was a different matter . 
 she moved in pugsy 's inner circle , but seemed immune to his rules . 
 in fact , mary noticed that pugsy rarely ordered her to do anything , probably for fear that she would say `` no . '' 
 the girl was like a cat , doing as she pleased , knowing she could get away with it . 
 it was toward the end of the celebration that she sidled up to mary , to engage her in conversation for the first time . 
 `` it took only two revolutions of the wheel for you to get pugsy in your pocket , '' she said . 
 `` you must be a witch after all . '' 
 `` i could say the same about you , '' said mary . 
 `` you certainly look the part . '' 
 the skinjacker fluffed her tangled hair , but not a single nettle fell from it . 
 `` did n't you write ` it 's patently wrong to hold an afterlight responsible for the circumstance of their demise , and one should never make fun of unfortunate clothing and unexpected accessories ' ? '' 
 mary was not pleased to have her own words used against her , but the skinjacker was right . 
 mary was breaking one of her own rules of etiquette . 
 she took a moment to compose herself . 
 `` i 'm sorry if we got off on the wrong foot , '' mary said . 
 `` you know who i am , but i 'm afraid we 've never been properly introduced . 
 may i ask your name ? '' 
 `` i 'm jill , '' she said . 
 `` my friends call me jackin ' jill . '' 
 `` well , jill , '' said mary , `` i suspect things will be changing around here . 
 i sincerely hope you do well with change . '' 
 jackin ' jill nodded , but said nothing . 
 even so , mary felt that they were both on better ground than when they started . 
 of course it did n't change her opinion of skinjackers , but if there was to be a shining new world order , everyone would have a part to play . 
 mary found that she had free run of the fair . 
 she could explore all places , interact with all of pugsy 's afterlights -- but one place was off-limits . 
 the glass-domed agricultural building . 
 all entrances were perpetually guarded , and when mary questioned pugsy about it , he merely said , `` it 's my business . 
 if you got a problem with it , too bad . '' 
 on her third night of freedom , mary decided it was time to rid chicago of its secrets . 
 she went to the agricultural building alone , circling it , counting the entrances -- five in all -- and searching out the guard who looked the least intelligent , and most unhappy in his situation . 
 she found the perfect specimen at the northeast entry . 
 `` good evening , '' she said , as she approached . 
 she tried to get past him and through the door without slowing down , but the guard put out his hand and she intentionally bumped into it . 
 it had the desired effect -- he looked embarrassed at having touched her . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 she demanded , as indignantly as she could . 
 `` i 'm sorry , miss mary , '' he said , `` but no one 's allowed to come in here . '' 
 `` but have n't you heard ? 
 your boss and i have a partnership , which means i have no secrets from him , and he has none from me . 
 now could you please open the door and let me pass ? '' 
 the guard looked uncertain , like this might be a trick question . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but without a direct order from the death boss -- '' `` just a few days into our partnership , and our agreement is already being broken , '' said mary in an exaggerated huff . 
 `` i 'll have to take this up with mr. capone . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 what began as mild awkwardness now turned into sheer terror . 
 `` why do you need to know my name ? '' 
 `` never mind , '' she said , looking him up and down . 
 `` i 'm sure i can describe you well enough to mr. capone . '' 
 `` but ... but we 're not allowed to let anyone in without a direct order ... . '' 
 his voice had become whiny and pleading . 
 all it took was a silent glare and he caved , not only letting her in , but opening the door , with a bow , and closing it behind her . 
 she was n't quite sure what she was expecting to see , but mary , who had seen just about everything was rarely caught off guard . 
 this was one of those times . 
 beneath the crystal dome that once housed a vast variety of plant life , were children -- hundreds of them , all asleep and curled up in fetal positions . 
 they were dead , yet not dead . 
 they were n't quite afterlights , for they did n't have any afterglow . 
 `` what is this place ... ? '' 
 she said , not even realizing she said it aloud . 
 `` we call it the incubator . '' 
 she spun to see jackin ' jill coming up slowly behind her . 
 `` i knew you 'd find your way in here eventually . '' 
 jill looked out over the sleeping children , all lined up in neat little rows . 
 `` these are all kids who did n't make it to the light . '' 
 mary found herself stunned into silence . 
 these children were afterlights still in transition . 
 they were interlights . 
 `` it takes nine months to pass from the living world into everlost , '' said jill . 
 `` i thought you 'd know that . '' 
 `` of course i know that , '' mary was finally able to say , `` but i 've never seen ... i mean , i 've never actually found any in this state . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 said jackin ' jill with a wry grin . 
 `` well , i find them all the time . '' 
 she wandered among the dead-not-dead interlight children , and mary followed . 
 `` i find them , then i bring them here . 
 how do you think pugsy wound up with so many loyal subjects ? '' 
 mary found her quick-mindedness slowed to a crawl by this revelation . 
 pugsy did n't need soul traps to catch afterlights -- he got them even before they were born into everlost . 
 mary knelt to one of the silent children , a boy no older than ten , in a state of perfect peace . 
 there was a number written in chalk on the ground next to him . 
 a date . 
 in fact , each of them had dates written beside them . 
 `` the dates each of them died ? '' 
 asked mary . 
 `` how could they be , '' asked jill , `` when all the dates are in the future ? '' 
 mary glanced at several of the dates , but they meant little to her . 
 she did n't keep track of time in the living world . 
 `` those are the dates that each of them will ripen , '' jill said , and mary realized that was her crude way of saying that these were the dates the children would awaken in everlost . 
 `` how is it that you can find so many , when i 've never found one before they 've woken up ? '' 
 `` maybe you do n't know where to look . '' 
 mary gave her a cold glare . 
 `` if you 're going to toy with me , then we have nothing more to talk about . '' 
 then she turned her back on jill and wove through the evenly spaced grid of hibernating children . 
 `` it 's the amulet , '' jill finally admitted . 
 `` it glows when something devastating is about to happen . 
 something like a fatal accident ... '' mary turned to jill , glancing at the blue-gemmed pendant she wore around her neck . 
 it looked like cheap costume jewelry -- but mary was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt . 
 certainly accidents , and untimely deaths , must set off ripples -- not only in the living world , but through all levels of creation . 
 it was possible that an object could resonate with such events -- but how could jill know specifically which accidents would result in a child falling short of the light , and into everlost ? 
 when the truth struck mary , it struck deeply , as only the truth could . 
 `` you stop them from reaching the light ! '' 
 mary said , with a 210gasp . 
 `` you know when and where the accidents will happen -- then you wait for them to cross , and you stand in their way ! '' 
 she looked at the kids on the floor , now caught in an invisible cocoon of transition . 
 `` these children were n't coming to everlost -- you guided them here ! '' 
 she only had to look at jackin ' jill to know it was true . 
 now things truly began to heave and buckle within mary 's soul -- a shifting of purpose and design that went down to the core of her being . 
 finally mary said : `` what a wonderful thing you 've done here ! '' 
 jill , who never seemed fazed by anything , was startled by that . 
 `` wonderful ? '' 
 said jill . 
 `` i would n't call it wonderful , but it does make me very useful to pugsy . '' 
 as mary looked over at the sleeping interlights , waiting to be born into eternity , she realized that this was only a beginning , and what seemed so overwhelming just a few moments ago , now seemed like a tiny drop in a giant bucket . 
 `` but do n't you see , '' said mary . 
 `` it is wonderful . '' 
 mary spread her arms out wide , and spun in a slow circle , feeling as if she was at the center of a gloriously expanding universe . 
 `` look at all these children , jill ! 
 you 've saved them all ! '' 
 everything changed for mary after discovering jackin ' jill 's mysterious ability to keep children from the light . 
 in the right hands , it was a power that was more awe-inspiring than any in everlost . 
 mary could not help but feel that it 211 was some kind of divine will that had brought this power to her . 
 now she saw everything as if refracted through the multifaceted blue topaz in the center of jill 's amulet . 
 the future was sparkling and bright , and as her dreams sailed higher and higher , her sights became more firmly fixed on the western horizon . 
 she shared all this with speedo , but he seemed more likely to shove his head in the earth rather than see mary 's big picture . 
 `` if chicago 's not enough for you , we could go south to new orleans , or north to canada , '' speedo said , pacing the starboard promenade . 
 as the ship was moored and grounded -- at least temporarily , speedo had little to occupy his time beyond worrying . 
 `` we could even go back to new york . '' 
 `` you 're missing the point ! '' 
 mary said , with the most patient exasperation she could muster . 
 `` we must challenge the unknown , and the west is everlost 's greatest mystery . '' 
 `` this is n't like you , '' speedo whined . 
 `` stability -- routine -- that 's the mary hightower i know . '' 
 `` i will find a peaceful routine for every child in my care , '' she assured him , `` but to build a better everlost , i must be willing to sacrifice my own routine for the sake of others . '' 
 `` build a better everlost ? 
 everlost is already here -- you ca n't build what 's already here . '' 
 mary thought about jill 's incubator , and smiled . 
 `` i beg to differ . '' 
 speedo just threw up his hands . 
 it was no use -- true , he was the closest mary had to a confidant , but his thinking was numbingly limited in scope . 
 she longed for someone she could share her revelations with -- someone who could not only understand , but see the same vast horizon that she now saw . 
 the future -- her future -- in fact the entire future of everlost was spread out before her like a frontier . 
 it was n't merely her hope to subdue it -- she had come to realize it was her destiny . 
 why else would jill have come to her ? 
 why else would she have such an urge to move beyond the bounds of the known afterworld ? 
 `` with jill 's help , and my guidance , we will save all the children we can , both here and in the west , '' mary told speedo . 
 `` and in so doing we will unite everlost . '' 
 `` there might not even be a ` west , ' '' he pointed out . 
 `` yes , i 've heard the stories too , '' mary said with a dramatic wave . 
 `` a giant cliff that falls off into nowhere . 
 an ocean that pours off the edge of the earth . 
 a wall of fire through which nothing can pass . '' 
 `` what if one of those things is true ? 
 what if they 're all true ? '' 
 `` did n't you tell me the hindenburg made regular trips to roswell , new mexico , before it came into your possession -- does n't that prove there is something west of the mississippi ? '' 
 `` that 's according to the finder who sold it to me -- but finders ca n't be trusted -- i know because i was one . 
 he would have said anything to unload this thing ! '' 
 mary sighed . 
 `` let 's not put the cart before the horse , shall we ? 
 chicago first , and then we 'll see where providence leads us from there . 
 and of course we must not forget the threat of the chocolate ogre . '' 
 `` nick ? 
 he 's probably forgotten all about you by now . '' 
 mary bristled at that . 
 `` i 'm sure he has n't ! 
 and i would prefer that you not call him by his living name . 
 he is the chocolate ogre now . '' 
 `` he was never an ogre , and you know it . '' 
 `` after what he did , he deserves to be demonized . '' 
 speedo backed down , not up for the battle . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 mary studied him closely . 
 `` after all this time , are you regretting the choice you made to stay with me ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' speedo said . 
 `` it 's just that sometimes ... sometimes you scare me . '' 
 in her book order now , question later , mary hightower has this to say about her enemies : `` in everlost , just as in the living world , there are those who put their own selfish desires ahead of that which is clearly and obviously right . 
 in these cases i have always found such enemies of virtue will eventually destroy themselves if left to their own devices . 
 although occasionally some assistance might be required . '' 
 chapter 19 eminence green had there been any outside observers -- biographers to mark the afterlife of megan mary mcgill , better known as mary hightower -- they would have marveled at how thoroughly she infiltrated pugsy capone 's rule . 
 how brilliantly , how slyly it was done ! 
 mary , however , would never call herself sly , or even cunning . 
 ascendant , she would call herself . 
 the way cream rises to the top . 
 the way the wise are naturally elevated above the masses . 
 mary was the eminence gris -- the shadow power -- behind pugsy 's very short-lived `` golden era , '' and while pugsy had always been very good at tooling people to his own purposes , he himself was not the sharpest tool in the shed . 
 so he never knew that his power was slowly being usurped . 
 `` your organization needs structure , '' mary told him in confidence . 
 `` it works fine the way it is , '' pugsy insisted . 
 `` oh , yes , it does , '' mary admitted , but she pointed out how very afraid of him his own subjects were . 
 it was something pugsy took great pride in , in fact . 
 and so mary proposed a little test . 
 she asked pugsy to call in one of his loyal subjects , and order him to perform a simple but time-consuming task . 
 curious as to where this was going , pugsy called in a kid whose name he did not remember , and told him to do a head count of the hundred or so afterlights living in the administration building , and then create a graph , plotting how each of them had died . 
 `` i want it before sunset , '' pugsy demanded . 
 `` or else ! '' 
 the boy obediently ran off , took the entire day , and returned just as the day settled into twilight . 
 he presented pugsy with a list and a competent graph , and he cowered until pugsy nodded his acceptance . 
 then mary asked the same of one of her own children -- a boy known as bedhair -- to graph the demise of all ninety-three in her care . 
 the boy took only two hours , and he returned with a list , and not just one graph , but three : a coordinate graph , a bar graph , and a pie chart . 
 `` you cheated ! '' 
 pugsy insisted . 
 `` he already knew the answers . '' 
 `` do you really believe that ? '' 
 mary asked in a calm and condescending way . 
 `` my children obey my requests because they want to , not because they fear what will happen if they fail . 
 consequently , they perform their tasks better . '' 
 it did n't occur to pugsy that mary never actually denied that bedhair already knew the answers . 
 mary also discovered that pugsy did not personally attend to the transitioning interlights that jill continued to bring to the agricultural building . 
 he found it beneath him , and left their assimilation to his flunkies . 
 this provided mary with a great opportunity . 
 she marked her personal calendar with the date that every sleeping interlight would awaken , and made sure she was there to greet them when they did . 
 `` welcome to everlost , '' she would tell the confused , and often frightened , children . 
 `` my name is miss mary , and you are among friends . '' 
 then she would present each of them with a volume of tipsfor taps , her definitive book for new arrivals to everlost -- each book painstakingly handwritten by her children on paper scavenged from pugsy 's troves . 
 grateful for her kindness , these new children would imprint on her like ducklings , ensuring their allegiance , while pugsy became little more than a distant figure in their minds , a footnote in their world at best . 
 from pugsy 's point of view , high atop his regal ferris wheel , nothing had really changed . 
 his subjects still feared him and obeyed his every whim . 
 but now it was merely because mary allowed it . 
 only when mary made it clear that her ambitions stretched beyond chicago , did he begin to worry about her intentions . 
 `` tell me what you know about the west , '' she asked pugsy one day . 
 `` not what you 've heard , but what you know . '' 
 `` there is no west , '' he answered curtly . 
 `` everlost ends at the mississippi river . '' 
 `` have you been there ? '' 
 `` what 's it to you ? '' 
 `` i just assumed that a leader of your stature would want to see it with his own eyes . '' 
 pugsy took the flattery at face value and said , `` i did . 
 once . 
 there 's a wind that blows from the other side . 
 a crazy wind . 
 i ordered a dozen afterlights , one after the other , to cross the centennial bridge , but the wind would n't let them , and each one of them sunk right through the bridge , into the river . '' 
 the thought that he 'd order so many afterlights to their doom did n't sit well with mary , but she tried not to show it . 
 `` perhaps if you found a bridge that had crossed into everlost ... '' `` there are no everlost bridges that cross the mississippi , because there 's no everlost there to cross into , so stop asking stupid questions . '' 
 he eyed her with suspicion , and mary realized she had pushed too far . 
 `` perhaps my next book should be a collaboration , '' mary suggested . 
 `` i 'm sure there are other things you know that i do n't . '' 
 `` and it 'll stay that way , '' said pugsy , closing the door to further conversation . 
 but , as they say , when god closes a door he opens a window , and in mary 's mind , it was a window facing west . 
 jackin ' jill took a close interest in the gradual shift of power . 
 pugsy was far too busy luxuriating in extravagance to notice it , and although jill could have sown the seeds of his suspicion , she did n't . 
 pugsy 's life before mary 's arrival had been one of decadent excess , but mary 's superior administrative abilities had made life better for all the afterlights of chicago -- especially pugsy . 
 even the leather armchair that served as his throne was gone , replaced by a gold embroidered settee that a pharaoh might have once used . 
 it was a gift presented to him by mary as a show of her loyalty to their partnership . 
 mary had traded the finest baubles of her own collection for the settee , and yet she had given it away to pugsy , claiming his armchair for herself . 
 jill found this very impressive , because she knew exactly what mary was doing . 
 pugsy 's comfort was worth any cost , because the more comfortable he was , the less he 'd be looking in mary 's direction . 
 jill dreamed that the next partnership would be between her and mary -- that together they would become the most powerful force in everlost . 
 on this particular day , jill carried two fresh sleeping interlights to the incubator , both thrown over her shoulder like a hunter 's kills . 
 the incubator was n't kept under tight guard anymore . 
 mary had declared that all afterlights should be able to see this glorious place , as if it were a hospital nursery . 
 after depositing the sleeping interlights , jill went to tell mary that the incubator was now brimming with almost a hundred and seventy hibernating souls . 
 she found mary in the hindenburg 's starboard promenade , talking to another afterlight -- but not just any afterlight . 
 this one was a handsome skinjacker . 
 a skinjacker by the name of milos . 
 jill tried to hide her shock , but could n't . 
 she had left milos and his two miserable cohorts at the hands of an angry mob , and had assumed the mob had sent them on a long , slow trip to the center of the earth . 
 she should have realized that milos would have found a way out of it . 
 he was so smooth -- too smooth . 
 even now he looked at jill with the suave hint of a gloat , and a grin that hid what must have been hatred , for how could he not hate her after what she had done to him ? 
 `` jill ! '' 
 said mary . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 she was either oblivious or pretending to be . 
 she was smooth too . 
 `` he 's a liar ! '' 
 jill blurted out . 
 `` do n't listen to a word milos says . 
 if you have any sense you 'll get him off your ship right now ! '' 
 mary showed no signs of heeding her . 
 `` what an odd thing to say -- i thought you two were friends . 
 at least that 's what milos said . '' 
 jill looked to milos . 
 the grin never left his face . 
 `` we parted under ... uncertain circumstances , '' he said . 
 `` but jill , i must say , i am surprised by your ... how do you say it ? 
 ` unprovoked hostility ' . '' 
 `` whatever happened between you and milos , i 'm sure you 're sensible and mature enough to put it behind you , '' mary said . 
 `` just as i 've been able to admit how wrong i 've been in my assessment of skinjackers , you should be able to resolve your differences . 
 after all , we 're all working for the greater good . '' 
 jill was truly speechless , but she tried to salvage the moment . 
 she turned to milos . 
 `` milos , i 'm sorry , let 's start fresh . '' 
 she reached out to shake milos 's hand and he took it , clasping it a bit too hard , making it clear that bygones were not bygones , and that he would have his revenge . 
 jill squeezed his hand just as hard . 
 let him try to get back at her . 
 let him try ! 
 `` i really have missed you , milos . 
 how 've you been ? '' 
 `` oh , moose , squirrel , and i have had some fine adventures , but now we 're here . 
 we must spend some time catching up . '' 
 jill glanced to mary . 
 if she picked up the tension between jill and milos , she did n't care . 
 or perhaps the tension suited her needs . 
 `` now , then , '' said mary , `` i 've been bringing milos up to speed on your amulet , and how you 've been using it to rescue children from the light . 
 we now have four skinjackers instead of just one -- is n't that splendid ? 
 it 's been amazing all the things you 've been able to accomplish all by yourself , jill -- think of how much more effective you 'll be as a team ! '' 
 `` i can only imagine , '' said milos . 
 if jill had a stomach , she would have been sick to it . 
 for milos , finding jackin ' jill was nothing compared to finding mary hightower . 
 the fact that jill was unable to ruin things for him was a good sign , and boded well for his future . 
 if success was the best revenge , then his success with mary would be sweet indeed -- and a very bitter pill for jackin ' jill , who had used him and discarded him . 
 moose and squirrel were still off paying tribute to pugsy capone , giving milos time to follow jill to the incubator , once his first audience with mary was done . 
 `` i wanted to see your new scam with my own eyes , '' he told her the moment he knew they were alone . 
 he looked out over the sleeping interlights . 
 `` you 've been busy . '' 
 `` this is no scam , '' said jill , practically spewing venom . 
 `` and whatever you think you 're doing here , it 's not going to happen . 
 you 'd better leave now if you know what 's good for you . '' 
 milos was not troubled in the least . 
 her threat was empty . 
 he sauntered closer to her , then suddenly thrust his hand forward , grabbing the amulet , pulling it toward him . 
 the chain did n't break , and instead it pulled jill right to him , by the neck . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 demanded jill . 
 `` i remember when i gave you this necklace , '' he said . 
 `` i traded a whole box of twinkies for it . 
 do you know what those twinkies were worth ? '' 
 `` i said let go ! '' 
 this time milos did , and jill took a healthy step back from him . 
 `` does mary know that your ` magical amulet ' is nothing more than blue glass on a fake gold chain ? '' 
 now jill began to look scared . 
 `` are you going to tell her ? '' 
 milos chose to ignore the question . 
 `` what i want to know is how you do it . 
 you obviously can not see the future , so then how do you know when these deadly accidents will occur ? '' 
 jill looked at him with fuming hatred . 
 `` figure it out for yourself . '' 
 `` oh , '' said milos , `` but i already have . '' 
 the hatred in jill 's eyes peaked into desperation , and finally faded to defeat . 
 `` what do you want , milos ? '' 
 good , thought milos . 
 now for the bargain . 
 few things were more rewarding than blackmailing a criminal . 
 `` i will keep your secret , '' milos told her , `` and in return , you will step back , and allow me to take first position among mary 's skinjackers . '' 
 `` mary chooses who she puts in charge . '' 
 `` mary will choose me , '' milos said with confidence . 
 `` and when she does , you will support it , and accept my leadership . '' 
 then he smiled . 
 `` just like old times . '' 
 `` and if i do n't ? '' 
 `` then i will tell mary exactly how you find all these ` new arrivals . ' '' 
 jill looked away , her lips pursing into an angry slit . 
 `` fine . 
 but do n't expect me to follow your orders , '' she said , but milos knew she would . 
 milos left jill to stew in her own afterglow , returning immediately to mary , who wanted to brief him on the state of affairs in chicago . 
 at first she was guarded , but milos could sense she needed someone to talk to -- a new and sympathetic ear . 
 and so he listened , and found everything she had to say fascinating . 
 perhaps she sensed that , because soon she opened up , sharing things beyond her dealings in chicago . 
 as stiff as she was , she seemed to relax just the slightest bit . 
 `` it 's good to have someone to talk to about these things , '' she said . 
 `` someone with whom i can see eye to eye . '' 
 milos looked around the promenade . 
 it said so much about mary . 
 it was pristine , and spotless . 
 it was full of works of art and furniture that were clearly added by her . 
 the place was as elegant and evolved as mary herself . 
 there was also a sizeable collection of books in the promenade . 
 not just the ones mary had written , but dozens of others that mary had acquired . 
 one of those books was out , and sitting on mary 's chair . 
 milos picked it up , curious . 
 it featured a picture of a suspension bridge under construction . 
 the title was a history of civil engineering . 
 `` a hobby of yours ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mary took the book from him and set it down . 
 `` every book has something to teach us , '' she said , `` and crucial knowledge at the right time can be a very powerful thing . 
 `` mary gestured for milos to sit , and so he did , stretching out comfortably on a plush sofa . 
 mary sat across from him . 
 `` now , if you do n't mind , i 'd like to know a little bit about your travels . '' 
 `` what would you like to know ? '' 
 `` your friend moose mentioned that you had an encounter with allie the outcast . 
 i would very much like to know about it . '' 
 `` allie is of no concern , '' he told her . 
 `` when i last saw her , she was on her way home . 
 it is a serious thing when a skinjacker goes home -- you will be the last thing on her mind . 
 trust me , she is no threat . '' 
 mary shifted her shoulders , the suggestion unnerving her . 
 `` did i say she was a threat ? '' 
 `` no , '' admitted milos , `` but she is a friend of the chocolate ogre . 
 and he is a threat , yes ? '' 
 mary leaned forward , a little too interested . 
 `` did she say anything about him ? 
 anything at all ? '' 
 milos shrugged . 
 `` a bit . 
 very little . 
 she had not seen him for years -- since the day on the pier . 
 i understand you were there too . '' 
 `` i hope you realize that the ogre must be stopped . '' 
 `` from doing what ? '' 
 `` from doing anything ! 
 he must be brought to justice ! '' 
 `` and you , '' asked milos , `` are the judge ? '' 
 and then she quoted from one of her own writings . 
 `` in a lawless world , we must illuminate truth with our glow , and create justice by the convictions of our souls . '' 
 `` so then , you are his judge . '' 
 `` i have seen firsthand the acts of cruelty he 's capable of , '' mary said . 
 `` he sent hundreds of helpless children into the light . 
 he 'd send us all there if he had his way . '' 
 milos found he could read her just as easily as one of her books . 
 at least when it came to the subject of the chocolate ogre . 
 he tried not to smile as he spoke . 
 `` does he know you 're in love with him ? '' 
 she snapped him a burning glare , as if the question itself was an attack . 
 `` i see you 've been listening to smears made against me . 
 probably from allie the outcast . '' 
 milos knew he had to play this very , very carefully . 
 `` no , it was only a guess . 
 but believe me , '' he said earnestly , `` i know what it 's like to love someone who has betrayed you . 
 and i know how hard it is to move on . 
 but in the end , we must . '' 
 they held each other 's gazes , and what was n't spoken at that moment was more important than anything else that was . 
 mary was the first to break the gaze . 
 her eyes drifted to the book sitting on the table beside her . 
 the engineering textbook . 
 she picked it up , and pondered it , rubbing her hand across the surface as if it might sprout forth a genie . 
 `` i will be needing the services of skinjackers , for various missions . 
 important missions . 
 i 'll need someone i can trust in charge . '' 
 `` in that case , '' said milos , `` i hope i can be of service . '' 
 * * * it was long after dark when he left that night , after hours in mary 's company . 
 there was no question he was dazzled by her . 
 mary was everything milos imagined she might be . 
 she had jill 's shrewdness , without the sociopathic streak . 
 she had allie 's high moral integrity , without the naivety that kept allie devoted to that miserable mikey mcgill . 
 milos knew his weakness was that he fell in love too easily , which blinded him to the character flaws of the girls he fell for -- but finally here was a girl worthy of his attention ! 
 he had already softened her defenses , but truly winning her affections would require a different kind of dance than he was used to . 
 one where all his moves were clear , and his motives transparent . 
 she valued honesty and directness . 
 this he could deliver . 
 milos knew he had no choice but to win her over -- it was a matter of necessity for him now , because he had already fallen for her -- and the only way to survive a force of nature such as mary hightower was to make sure that the feeling was mutual . 
 if only mary were a skinjacker , he thought . 
 ah well , one ca n't have everything . 
 besides , if mary were a skinjacker , she would n't have any need for milos , so perhaps it was better this way . 
 and she did need him -- she said so herself -- but there were many levels of need . 
 milos had had his heart broken one too many times . 
 this time would be different . 
 somehow he would find a way to be everything mary needed , as indispensable as air to the living . 
 as permanent as everlost itself . 
 part four way of the chocolate warrior in her most recent book , what you do n't know can most certainly hurt you , mary hightower writes : `` it would be untrue to say everlost is entirely free from illness and disease . 
 our flesh is gone , but in our beings , seeds of our own doom remain . 
 that which was small will grow . 
 that which was once insignificant can devour us . 
 there are cancers beyond those of our mortal bodies . 
 i consider them punishments for unwholesome deeds and wrongful thinking . 
 the chocolate ogre serves as a perfect example , for whose thinking can be more wrong than his , and whose affliction could be more unpleasant ? '' 
 chapter 20 the great train robbery a large vapor of afterlights gathered to watch the festivities in the old train yards of chattanooga , tennessee . 
 it was the most exciting thing to happen here in recent memory . 
 it began with the arrival of the chocolate ogre , and rumor was that he was going to perform some sort of magic trick . 
 a team of ten afterlights , supervised by the ogre himself , took a rope , and tied it around the waist of a kid in a confederate army uniform . 
 it was , of course , zinnia . 
 `` let 's not make this a show , '' nick told her . 
 `` let 's just get this done . '' 
 `` s'already a show , '' zin pointed out , `` best milk it for all it 's worth . '' 
 zin concentrated and thrust her ripping-hand out of everlost , and into the living world just as easily as if she were shoving her hand into water . 
 `` ooh '' and `` ahh '' went the crowd . 
 then , through the tiny portal into the living world , zin grabbed the rusted coupling of a living-world train car , springing it closed on her forearm , like a bear trap . 
 they had chosen an amtrak passenger car -- an older one , because it was the only uncoupled passenger car they could find . 
 once she was sure her arm was firmly snagged in the coupler , she turned to her team . 
 `` all right , y ' all know the drill . 
 one , two , three , pull ! '' 
 the other ten afterlights behind her began to pull on the rope which was still tied around her waist . 
 nick watched , but could n't participate , because these days everything he touched became too slippery to hold on to . 
 the team of ten strained as they pulled on zin with all their strength , and with her arm still firmly caught in the coupler , her body lifted off the ground . 
 a living body might have been torn in half by such a thing , but not an afterlight . 
 instead , zin withstood the force , and the solitary train car began to move . 
 getting it moving was the hard part . 
 once it was moving , the small hole in space which at first had been just large enough for zin 's hand , now stretched like elastic , until the entire passenger car was moving through the portal , out of the living world , and into everlost . 
 the crowd could not contain their excitement as they watched the blurry , faded train car resolve bit by bit into sharp focus , and fill with the bright hues of chrome , rust , and colorful graffiti . 
 once the train car was through , the portal collapsed , sealing closed with a pop . 
 the team of haulers dropped their rope , and scattered as the car rolled off onto a side track that no longer existed , rolling toward the last car of the everlost train . 
 `` tha 's right , '' complained zin , as the amtrak car continued to roll . 
 `` just leave me stuck here to get smashed in the coupler again ! '' 
 nick grinned , and yelled , `` that 's half the fun , zin ! '' 
 still , he went to free her . 
 he could n't move as quickly as he used to -- chocolate dripping onto his feet had made them heavy -- but fortunately the train was n't rolling all that fast . 
 he caught up with the rolling car , jumped on the coupler , and used his chocolate-covered left hand to grease the coupler . 
 zin wriggled her arm free just in time , and they both hopped off just as the amtrak car hit , and coupled with the last car of the everlost train , sending a shudder through every coupling down to the engine . 
 the newborn passenger car was now a part of their train , and in the engine , charlie tooted the whistle to mark their success . 
 the crowd of gawking afterlights cheered . 
 `` how does it feel to be everyone 's hero ? '' 
 nick asked zin . 
 `` i still miss my rocket ship , sir . '' 
 but nick could tell she was enjoying the adoration far more than the isolation she had lived in for so many years . 
 their train , which had started with just three cars , now had nine -- each added by zin one at a time over the past few weeks . 
 this did not go unnoticed in the living world -- although nick found out quite by accident . 
 johnnie-o , who was attempting to teach zin how to read , made zin rip various newspapers and magazines from the living world . 
 johnnie-o , who was now in perpetual nicotine withdrawal , was the world 's most impatient teacher , and zin was the world 's most ungrateful student . 
 every day they would verbally abuse each other for an hour , not much of anything would be learned , and yet the next day , both of them would come back for more . 
 one day johnnie-o came to nick with a copy of the world weekly herald -- a tabloid with questionable news . 
 `` i think you 'd better read this , '' johnnie-o told him . 
 on page two , a headline read southern pacific railroad sues parallel universe . 
 the article spoke of train cars gone missing from southern train yards with no explanation -- and a promise by one railroad line to take matters into its own hands ... but since the headline right next to it read a lien baby devours area 51 , nick really was n't concerned . 
 besides , the living world had bigger things to worry about than missing train cars , anyway . 
 and so did everlost . 
 nick had not heard news of mary hightower for quite a while , and he could n't help but worry what kind of mischief she was up to . 
 if mary had her way , all the world 's afterlights would be trapped in her smothering embrace , and no doubt she was still working toward that end . 
 she had to be stopped at all costs , and nick had a plan to do it . 
 that plan depended on zinnia . 
 it had been more than a month since wrangling her in at cape canaveral . 
 `` i gots no use for you ! '' 
 she had told nick and johnnie-o that first day , as they made their way back through the florida forests to the train . 
 `` but now that ya blowed up my artillery , i gots no use for myself , neither . '' 
 charlie had been waiting with the train , and was more than happy to stay in the conductor 's booth rather than have any dealings whatsoever with an ecto-ripper . 
 johnnie-o , on the other hand , would keep taunting her , until she would rip out some random part of his anatomy , threatening to feed it to kudzu , and he 'd have to chase her to get it back . 
 johnnie-o did this so often , nick was convinced that he actually liked it . 
 their first challenge was atlanta -- and nick knew if he failed there , there 'd be little hope after that . 
 when they rolled back into the atlanta underground many weeks ago , the crowd of afterlights that had been so threatening the first time still came out with their bats and their bricks , but this time it was just for show . 
 they were more curious than anything . 
 word had gotten around that the chocolate ogre was looking for zach the ripper , which meant he probably would n't be coming back . 
 the fact that he had actually returned elevated him to monster supreme in their eyes . 
 everybody wanted to know what he had found in the florida everwilds . 
 nick had not planned to reveal zin right away . 
 he knew the atlanta afterlights needed to be prepared . 
 but zin -- to whom common sense was a limp afterthought -- made herself known even before the train rolled to a stop . 
 she took one look at the atlanta kids , then poked her head out of a window , and shouted at them , `` if you throw them bricks at me , i swear i 'll rip out parts a ' ya y ` did n't even know ya had ! 
 see if i do n't ! '' 
 and then to prove it , she reached over to johnnie-o and ripped his memory of a spleen , holding it out the window . 
 `` do n't you drop that , ya stupid inbred freak ! '' 
 yelled johnnie-o . 
 since johnnie-o had no idea what a spleen looked like , his memory of it more closely resembled a polish sausage than anything else . 
 even so , it inspired terror in the crowd . 
 they all dropped their weapons , scattering in abject fear , and yelling , `` it 's zach the ripper ! 
 it 's zach the ripper ! '' 
 johnnie-o pulled her away from the window , retrieving his polish spleen , but it was too late to stop panic from spreading through the mob . 
 `` great , '' nick groaned . 
 `` why do n't you rip out your own brain and give yourself one that works ? '' 
 zin was unfazed . 
 `` yer just mad cuz your chocolate do n't scare 'em as much as i do ! '' 
 `` you had better start listening to me ! '' 
 nick put his finger in her face , and , of course , she bit it . 
 `` sorry , sir , '' she said , all nasty grin , `` but i thought yer hand was one a ' them chocolate easter bunnies . '' 
 johnnie-o let out a guffaw , and nick glared at him . 
 `` sorry , '' johnnie-o said . 
 `` it does kinda look like that sometimes . '' 
 nick decided to use a different tack . 
 `` soldier ! 
 your behavior is disgraceful for a sergeant of the chocolate brigade . '' 
 `` sergeant ? '' 
 said zin . 
 `` i thought you said i was a private . '' 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 he reached over and painted a chocolate chevron on her sleeve . 
 `` you 're a sergeant now , and i expect you to act like one . '' 
 zin was overjoyed . 
 `` yes , sir ! '' 
 `` and if you follow orders and do your job to the best of your ability , you might even make lieutenant . '' 
 `` yes , sir ! 
 what are my orders , sir ? '' 
 nick had suspected she might be more motivated by responsibility than by threats . 
 `` your orders are not to do anything unless i tell you to , '' he said . 
 `` good luck , '' grunted johnnie-o . 
 then he asked what rank he got to be . 
 nick told him he was special ops , which suited johnnie-o just fine . 
 five minutes later , isaiah , the kid who ran atlanta , showed up , just as nick knew he would . 
 he barged right onto the train . 
 `` what in the hell do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 his sudden appearance and threatening tone of voice set kudzu barking , and hiding behind zin . 
 nick thought about sending zin away , but decided it was best if she stayed in his sight . 
 instead he told johnnie-o to check on charlie . 
 `` he might be in need of some special ops right about now . '' 
 johnnie-o left , but not before matching isaiah 's glare . 
 with johnnie-o gone , it was no longer three against one , but the tension did n't drop in the slightest . 
 isaiah looked at zin , then back to nick again . 
 nick could tell he was afraid , but he hid his fear behind anger . 
 `` you take that thing and you get it out of atlanta . 
 now . '' 
 `` who 's he calling a thing ? '' 
 growled zin . 
 nick firmly clasped zin 's shoulder with his chocolate-free hand . 
 `` remember your orders , '' he said under his breath . 
 zin bit her lip -- literally -- as if the only way for her to shut her mouth was to clamp her bottom lip between her teeth . 
 it was then that nick realized that zin was a double whammy . 
 not only had he brought `` zach the ripper , '' but he had brought a confederate soldier into a city run by a kid who may very well have suffered the life of a slave when he was alive . 
 `` her name is zinnia , '' nick told him , `` and she means you no harm . '' 
 `` you mean to tell me that thing is a girl ? '' 
 zinnia bristled , but kept her mouth shut . 
 `` she 's a ripper and she 's here to help all of us . '' 
 `` i do n't care what she can do -- i do n't need help from someone wearin ' the gray . '' 
 then zinnia took a few steps forward . 
 nick tried to stop her , but she shrugged him off . 
 so much for obeying orders . 
 `` i do n't recollect all that much ` bout my life , '' she said , `` but i do know i did n't join the war to protect slavery . 
 i did it to protect my family -- and i 'd take off this here uniform if i could , but i ca n't any more than you can take off those torn pants and rope belt . 
 we 's all stuck with what we wore , but not with what we were . '' 
 isaiah still looked angry , but he did n't respond . 
 he just waited to see if there was any more to her defense . 
 to nick 's surprise , there was . 
 `` the way i sees it , '' said zin , `` there ought not to be problems with skin color in everlost , cuz afterlights ai n't got no skin , technically speakin ' , right ? '' 
 isaiah nodded . 
 `` i 'll do you one better than that , '' he said . 
 `` hold out your arm . '' 
 zinnia held her arm out , and isaiah held out his right beside hers . 
 `` see that ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` our glow is exactly the same . '' 
 `` yeah , how ` bout that ! '' 
 `` you remember that , '' said isaiah , `` and maybe i wo n't have to run you out of town . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' said zin . 
 now that their peace had been made , isaiah turned to nick . 
 `` so are you just passing through again , or is there something you want from us ? '' 
 and that 's when the real work began . 
 chapter 21 let ` er rip winning over the atlanta afterlights was a delicate matter , as painstaking , as ... well ... the making of chocolate . 
 too hot and it would burn , too cool , and it would lump . 
 with isaiah 's reluctant permission , nick introduced zin to all the atlanta afterlights . 
 there were almost four hundred of them . 
 once more they filled the streets of the atlanta underground -- this time without weapons . 
 as they gathered , nick stood patiently with an impatient zin . 
 johnnie-o and charlie provided security , keeping space between them and the curious crowd . 
 `` if things get out of hand , do i got permission to knock some heads ? '' 
 johnnie-o asked . 
 `` absolutely not , '' nick told him . 
 `` you 're no fun , '' he grumbled . 
 when all of atlanta was there , isaiah came up to nick . 
 `` do i introduce you as nick , nicholas , or the chocolate ogre ? '' 
 nick 's instinct was to simply go by nick , plain and simple -- but if mary was the sky witch , how could he hope to be taken seriously if he was just `` nick '' ? 
 `` go with the ogre , '' he told isaiah . 
 mary had invented the name as a smear tactic . 
 well , it was time he used it to his advantage . 
 isaiah raised his hand to get everyone 's attention , and in a few moments the murmuring crowd quieted down . 
 `` hey y ' all , everybody , '' he said , in an informal , yet commanding voice . 
 `` this here is the chocolate ogre , as i 'm sure you already know . 
 i 've checked him out , and he 's okay . 
 he wants to talk to you , so listen up -- and do n't make him mad , or he 'll turn you into chocolate chips or something . '' 
 nick cleared his throat twice . 
 he was nervous , and whenever he was nervous his throat clogged with chocolate . 
 `` afterlights of atlanta , '' nick began . 
 `` i come in friendship ... and to prove it , i would like to present to you zinnia the ripper ! '' 
 `` zinnia ? '' 
 said some kid in the crowd . 
 `` like the flower ? '' 
 `` shut yer trap ! '' 
 said zin . 
 nick pushed on . 
 `` i know you 've all heard bad things about the ripper -- just like you 've heard bad things about me . 
 well , i 'm here to set you straight . 
 the ripper 's not going to rip anyone 's guts out -- '' `` i could if i wanted to , '' said zin , and kudzu seconded it with a bark and growl . 
 `` right , '' nick said , throwing her a secret scowl . 
 `` but the ripper uses her powers for good . '' 
 nick took a moment to let that sink in , then he continued . 
 `` we all know that there are n't many things that cross into everlost -- and when things do cross , they get picked up by finders , who charge an arm and a leg for everything . 
 well , forget about finders -- because if there 's something you want , the ripper can get it for you ! '' 
 nick knew he was sounding like an infomercial , but at least he had their undivided attention . 
 he glanced to isaiah , whose arms were folded , not yet impressed by the show . 
 `` i need a volunteer ! '' 
 nick said . 
 no one came forward at first , then a young girl was pushed out in front by her friends . 
 she looked terrified . 
 johnnie-o escorted her the rest of the way , and she stared bug-eyed at his huge hand which was gripping her elbow . 
 `` do n't worry , '' nick said to the girl quietly , `` this is a good thing . '' 
 then he spoke loudly enough for the crowd to hear . 
 `` tell me something you 're longing for . 
 something you truly feel you deserve , that you 've never had here in everlost . '' 
 the girl looked up at him with wide , hopeful eyes . 
 `` a hot fudge sundae ? '' 
 zin laughed . 
 `` y ' already got one ! 
 he 's standing right in front a ' ya ! '' 
 only charlie and johnnie-o laughed . 
 everyone else was waiting for nick to turn zin into a pile of chocolate chips . 
 nick turned to isaiah . 
 `` where in living atlanta could we find a hot fudge sundae ? '' 
 `` i know just the place . '' 
 isaiah led them to the world of coca-cola , one of atlanta 's biggest tourist attractions -- a veritable cathedral of carbonated caffeination . 
 inside was a restaurant that featured all things coca-cola -- such as ice-cream floats made with coke instead of root beer , and coke syrup sundaes . 
 the crowd of afterlights followed isaiah , nick , and zin right through the outer wall , and into the caf茅 . 
 the place was packed with the living -- there was a field trip of students all in neon yellow shirts laying siege to the counter , and ice cream was being dished up by four soda jerks who could n't move fast enough . 
 `` the ripper will now ecto-rip a sundae right before your very eyes ! '' 
 said nick , sounding like a carnival barker , and enjoying it . 
 the crowd of afterlights all craned their necks to see , and shifted their feet to keep from sinking . 
 the effect was a weird bobbing of several hundred heads . 
 nick zeroed in on a silver bowl that had just been filled with three scoops of strawberry ice cream . 
 the soda-jerk was about to douse it in coke syrup , proving that some combinations really ought to be illegal . 
 `` quick , '' he said to zin , `` rip it before it 's too late . '' 
 zin shoved her ripping-hand forward into the living world , and the crowd of afterlights buzzed with excitement . 
 in one smooth move , zin grabbed the ice-cream bowl , and tugged it out of the living world into everlost . 
 the soda jerk never saw it happen -- and when he emptied his syrup ladle , coke syrup spilled all over the marble counter . 
 he looked at the counter for a moment in dumb confusion , then he glanced at the other soda jerks and said , `` okay , who 's the joker ? '' 
 `` it just disappeared ! '' 
 said a living redheaded kid sitting at the counter in front of him . 
 `` it disappeared right into thin air ! 
 a hand reached out of nowhere and took it ! '' 
 `` shut up , ralphy , '' said the kid next to him , and that was that . 
 the soda jerk sighed , and made another sundae , not caring enough about the mystery to unravel it . 
 zin , with the ripped bowl of ice cream in her hands , held it out to the girl , who was already licking her lips . 
 `` no , '' said nick . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 then he held his hand over the ice cream , squeezed his hand into a fist , and dribbled a hefty amount of chocolate over the ice cream . 
 `` ew ! '' 
 shouted several voices in the crowd , sounding both delighted and disgusted at the same time . 
 `` there , '' nick said . 
 `` a hot fudge sundae . '' 
 the girl and her friends did n't wait for spoons to be ripped -- they devoured it with their hands . 
 `` so , '' said isaiah , `` the chocolate ogre is n't a monster ... he 's a thief . '' 
 nick did n't deny it . 
 he had thought long and hard about what it meant to rip things from the living world , but he ultimately decided that the needs of everlost outweighed the needs of the living . 
 `` ever hear of robin hood ? '' 
 he said to the crowd , as much as to isaiah . 
 `` sure -- he robbed from the rich and gave to the poor . '' 
 `` well , '' said nick , `` the living are rich , whether they know it or not . 
 the way i see it , we deserve a small share of the world that was stolen from us . '' 
 isaiah did n't say he agreed , but he did n't disagree , either . 
 `` okay , '' said nick . 
 `` who 's next ? '' 
 almost every hand went up , with shouts of `` me ! 
 me ! 
 me ! '' 
 nick turned to isaiah . 
 `` get me a list of ten reasonable requests , and we 'll see what we can do . '' 
 * * * nick counted on isaiah to weed out the needy from the greedy , and nick was n't disappointed . 
 `` about half of them wanted you to rip them a pet , '' isaiah said , when he brought the list of requests to the parlor car . 
 he glanced at kudzu , who had busied himself licking the chocolate off everything in sight -- poison for a living dog , but not a problem for an afterlight canine . 
 `` i was worried that might happen , '' nick said . 
 `` what did you tell them ? '' 
 `` i told them that ripping dogs and cats right out of their lives would n't be right . '' 
 `` i only done it once , '' zin told him , glancing at nick a little sheepishly . 
 `` kudzu here was bein ' beaten by his owner . 
 had to save him from that , and rippin ' him was the only way . '' 
 hearing his name , the dog came over , and rolled onto his back , waiting for a belly rub . 
 isaiah obliged . 
 `` beatin ' a dog ! 
 you shoulda ripped his owner 's heart clear out while you were at it . '' 
 `` i did ! '' 
 said zin . 
 then she waffled . 
 `` well , i almost did . 
 i mean , i woulda done it , but the dog was watchin ' . 
 could n't let him see that , could i ? '' 
 kudzu purred like a kitten as isaiah rubbed his belly . 
 `` sure is one funny-lookin ' pooch . '' 
 then he stood up and handed nick the list . 
 `` here you go -- ten reasonable requests . 
 let 's see what the girl can do . '' 
 the requests that isaiah passed along were all well-chosen , and although it took some time , they were doable . 
 a saxophone and a guitar for two kids who had n't played since the day they each crossed over . 
 the sixth harry potter book , which , for some reason , was the only one that never crossed into everlost . 
 a bible -- which often did cross -- but the request was for one in portugese . 
 zin ripped an art set for a girl who had brushes , but no paint , a big sixty-four box of crayolas for the younger kids , and a pair of glasses for a kid whose eyesight was as bad in everlost as it was in life . 
 the remaining requests were for desperately needed sports equipment . 
 nick was surprised that isaiah did n't pass along any more food orders , but as it turned out , isaiah had his reasons . 
 once all ten requests had been fulfilled , isaiah called nick in for a private meeting . 
 isaiah 's quarters were comfortable but modest , behind an unassuming storefront in underground atlanta . 
 he lived no better than any of the kids in his care , although he did have a bit more room . 
 there was a bed that was probably just for show , since most afterlights -- especially leaders -- did n't sleep . 
 there was a formica table from the 1950s , an orange leather sofa probably from the seventies , and several fragile-looking round-backed chairs that looked like something nick 's grandmother might have owned . 
 nick made a mental note to have zin rip isaiah a respectable furniture set . 
 nick sat on the sofa , figuring it would be the least likely to be left with permanent chocolate stains , and isaiah sat across from him in one of the grandma chairs . 
 `` i 've let you have your fun , '' isaiah said . 
 `` now i want to know what you want from us . '' 
 nick knew there was a fine line between a gift and a bribe . 
 he could only hope that he was still on the right side of that line . 
 `` i would have ripped all those things for your afterlights , without getting anything in return , '' he told isaiah . 
 `` but you 're right -- there are a couple of things i 'd like to ask you for . '' 
 `` you can ask , '' said isaiah , `` but it does n't mean i 'm gon na give . '' 
 nick cleared his throat so that his speech lost that thick chocolatey tone . 
 `` first i need information . 
 i need to know about other afterlights in other towns and cities in the south . 
 i need numbers if you have them , and what those afterlights are like -- are they friends or enemies ? 
 are they easy to deal with , or should they be avoided ? 
 you know -- that kind of thing . '' 
 `` fine , '' said isaiah . 
 `` i 'll tell you what i know about the south . '' 
 the chair creaked as isaiah leaned back in it . 
 `` but that 's not all you want , is it ? '' 
 nick took a moment . 
 this one would n't be as easy . 
 he tried to sit up as straight as he could in the low-slung sofa , and looked isaiah in the eye . 
 `` i 'd like fifty of your afterlights . '' 
 isaiah 's expression became so stony , the features of his face actually seemed changed . 
 `` they 're not for sale , '' he growled . 
 `` no -- that 's not what i mean . '' 
 nick said . 
 `` mary hightower is a threat to all of us , and i can guarantee you that she 's building an army . 
 which means i need to build one too . 
 so i 'm asking you for fifty volunteers . 
 only those who want to go -- i do n't want to force anyone . '' 
 isaiah took his time to think about it . 
 `` i do n't like it , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't like it one bit ... but i do get the feeling that living under the sky witch would be a whole lot worse . '' 
 nick leaned forward . 
 `` will you do it , then ? 
 will you ask for volunteers ? '' 
 `` if i give it my blessing , you 'll get your volunteers , '' isaiah said . 
 `` but it 's gon na take more than ` ten reasonable requests , ' from the ripper to get my blessing . '' 
 `` all right , then -- what ? '' 
 what isaiah asked for was a feast . 
 a christmas feast for his entire vapor , regardless of the fact that it was the summer . 
 nick supposed that in a timeless world , each day could be whatever day you wanted it to be . 
 `` everyone knows how hard it is to find food that 's crossed over , '' isaiah pointed out . 
 `` you saw how they acted when they saw that ice cream . 
 coulda had a riot if i was n't there to keep the peace . '' 
 isaiah indicated a little jar in the corner that held just one unbroken fortune cookie . 
 `` mostly we get those damn fortune cookies -- and when it 's a bad fortune , no one 'll even eat the crumbs . '' 
 `` so , '' asked nick , who knew more than anyone that every everlost fortune was true , `` was your last fortune a good one , or a bad one ? '' 
 isaiah raised his eyebrows . 
 `` at first i thought it was bad , but maybe it 's turning halfway decent . '' 
 `` what did it say ? '' 
 isaiah gave him the slightest hint of a grin . 
 `` it said 'em brace the bittersweet ' . '' 
 the feast took some time to arrange , and since all the ripping effort was zin 's , it exhausted her -- but she was a trooper . 
 nick had her rip a smorgasbord of edible items from dozens upon dozens of restaurants , markets , and homes . 
 `` why cai n't i go to some big ole ' banquet hall , '' zin asked , `` and rip all the food from there ? '' 
 `` that would be easier , '' nick admitted , `` but it would also be obnoxious . 
 if we have to steal hundreds of meals from the living , we should spread it out -- so that no one feels the cost of what they 've lost . '' 
 it was obvious that zin cared little for the living and their loss . 
 the concept of `` responsible ripping '' was foreign to her . 
 fortunately , in her many years in everlost , her designs were never so grand that her ripping created major problems for the living . 
 unless you count all the missing artillery . 
 in the end , zin did what she was told , and asked if this earned her a raise in her military rank . 
 nick told her a good soldier never asks . 
 it took three days , working round the clock , to rip enough food to feed the afterlights of atlanta , but it was worth the effort . 
 nick had to admit , when they gathered for the meal , he 'd never seen a group of afterlights so joyful and so content . 
 whether he got his militia or not , he was glad to have done this . 
 when all was said and done , and everyone had eaten until they were satisfied , isaiah asked for volunteers for nick 's army . 
 `` someone 's got ta stand up to the sky witch , '' isaiah told them . 
 `` and we got ta do our share . '' 
 nick had asked for fifty -- and he ended up with almost eighty -- which posed a logistical problem , since the train had only an engine , a parlor car , and a single passenger car . 
 that 's when zin , to everyone 's amazement , had ripped her first train car from the living world . 
 isaiah was true to his word , and just before they left , he gave them pretty good intelligence as to where they could find friendly afterlights , and which ones should probably be avoided . 
 he also gave nick a word of friendly , heartfelt advice . 
 `` you need to remember who you were , '' isaiah told him . 
 `` because more and more you got that mud-pie look about you . 
 there 's more chocolate on your shirt -- it 's even getting into your hair now . 
 i got ta say , it worries me . '' 
 `` we ca n't choose what we remember , '' nick said , repeating what mary had once told him , `` but i 'll try . '' 
 `` well , i wish you all the luck in both worlds , '' isaiah said . 
 then , as a gesture of friendship , they put their hands together , and crushed isaiah 's one unbroken fortune cookie between their palms . 
 their fortune read , `` luck is the poorest of strategies . '' 
 while isaiah might have felt insulted , nick took this as evidence that he was doing the right thing -- preparing for his confrontation with mary as best he could . 
 that was more than a month ago . 
 since leaving atlanta , nick and his train had zigzagged from town to town , city to city , on any dead rails that would get them there . 
 `` i 'd rip us fresh train tracks , '' zin said , `` but i can only rip things i can actually move . '' 
 the `` mud-pie '' look that isaiah had spoken of was even more pronounced than before -- so much so that nick had taken the mirror in the parlor car , and spread his chocolate hand back and forth across it until it was too thick with the stuff to show his reflection . 
 he had work to do , and thinking about himself , well , it was just a distraction . 
 based on what isaiah had told him , they traveled to more than a dozen towns and cities in georgia and the carolinas , bringing in volunteers everywhere they went . 
 zin had become a whiz at dazzling audiences with the items she ripped right before their eyes , and once they were wide-eyed with wonder , nick offered them a feast without being asked , because if there was one thing that was universal in everlost , it was the absence of , and the craving for , a good meal . 
 by the time they reached chattanooga , tennessee , and added that ninth train car , nick 's anti-mary fighting force numbered nearly four hundred . 
 `` it 's good to be part of an army again , '' zin told nick , as they headed south toward birmingham , alabama . 
 `` i 've been waitin ' halfway to forever for someone to fight . '' 
 `` we fight because we have to , '' nick told her . 
 `` we fight because it 's the right thing to do , not because we want to . '' 
 `` speak for yourself , '' zin said . 
 `` everybody 's gots their own reasons for the things they do . 
 alls that matters is that your reasons and mine carry the same flag . '' 
 `` we do n't have a flag , '' nick pointed out . 
 `` i could make one . '' 
 `` just as long as it 's not confederate . '' 
 zin thought about it . 
 `` whacha say i rip some fabric into everlost , and come up with sumpin ' brand spankin ' new ? '' 
 `` great -- you could be our own betsy ross . '' 
 to which she replied , `` betsy ross was a yankee . '' 
 it was a strange thing to build an army when they had no idea where to find the enemy . 
 `` i 've heard rumors that mary 's gone west , '' johnnie-o told nick . 
 `` maybe even across the mississippi -- but i also hear there 's no way to cross the mississippi , so who knows ? '' 
 `` d'ya think she 's afraid to come this far south ? '' 
 charlie asked . 
 `` mary 's not afraid , '' nick told him . 
 `` but she is cautious -- which means she 'll only come after us when she feels she ca n't lose . '' 
 he wondered if she knew where he was right now , and what he was doing . 
 `` what d'ya think 's gon na happen when you finally come face-to-face with her ? '' 
 charlie asked . 
 it was n't the first time nick had been asked that question , and his answer was always the same . 
 `` i do n't try to guess at things that have n't happened yet . '' 
 but that was a lie . 
 nick could n't deny that he had fantasies about their destined meeting . 
 in one fantasy , he would defeat her -- but he would show such mercy that mary would break down in his arms , admit she was wrong about everything -- and that admission would heal him , sending every last ounce of chocolate into remission . 
 then , hand in hand , they would hold their coins and step into the light . 
 in another version , mary would win the battle , but be so moved by nick 's valor , and by his passion for freeing the souls she had trapped , that she would finally listen to reason , and allow afterlights to choose their destinies for themselves . 
 then together they would lead everlost into a new age . 
 all his fantasies ended with him and mary together one way or another . 
 this was something he could n't share with anyone , for how could they trust a leader who was in love with the enemy ? 
 the hundreds of kids who were now under nick 's leadership certainly did n't love mary . 
 while some of her many writings had dribbled down to the south , fear and awe of the sky witch and her magic was much more compelling than the written word . 
 it was their fear of her that made it easier for them to align with the chocolate ogre , who , in their eyes , was certainly frightening , but not terrifying . 
 it was a case of the monster you know being better than the monster you do n't know . 
 the problem was , their fear of mary was quick to turn soldiers into army deserters . 
 in a world where ecto-ripping and skinjacking were possible , there was no way to make these kids believe that mary hightower had no such powers . 
 `` i only know of two ecto-rippers , '' nick tried to point out to a fearful group of enlistees . 
 `` there 's one called ` the haunter , ' who 's inside a barrel at the center of the earth , and then there 's zin , who 's one of us . 
 as for skinjackers , i 've only ever met one . 
 her name is allie , and she 's on our side too . '' 
 it was the first time nick had said allie 's name aloud for quite a while . 
 it made him long to see her -- to know what had become of her . 
 and as if to answer that longing , one of the kids they had picked up in north carolina said , `` yeah -- allie the outcast hates the sky witch -- she told us so herself . '' 
 nick turned so fast , chocolate flung into the kid 's eye . 
 `` what do you mean she told you ? 
 you saw her ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` a couple of months ago , in greensboro , '' he said . 
 `` she came with this other kid who did n't talk much . 
 i liked her , but the other kid scared us a little . '' 
 nick could n't contain his excitement . 
 `` tell me everything ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` how was she -- how did she look ? 
 what was she even doing there ? '' 
 nick sent for the dozen or so kids they picked up in greensboro , and , pleased to be on the chocolate ogre 's good side , they were thrilled to give all the information they could . 
 they told nick all about allie -- how she had become a finder ; how she and a boy that nick could only assume was mikey mcgill rode into town on a horse covered with saddlebags that were packed with crossed items . 
 `` they had good stuff , '' the greensboro kids told him , `` not junk like most other finders have -- and they traded fair . 
 we asked her to show us some skinjacking , but she would n't do it . '' 
 then everyone flinched at a loud popping sound , followed by another , then another . 
 nick already knew that sound . 
 it was johnnie-o cracking his knuckles . 
 it was always a sign that he was either very anxious , or very excited . 
 `` y ' know ... '' said johnnie-o , `` if we find allie , we 'll have a ripper and a skinjacker . 
 with a combination like that , there 's a whole lot of things we could do . '' 
 but nick was already miles ahead of him . 
 `` where was she headed ? '' 
 nick asked the greensboro kids . 
 he did n't expect much of an answer -- after all , finders rarely gave away their trade routes . 
 but the boy said quite simply : `` memphis . '' 
 * * * `` how well do you know the rail system west of here ? '' 
 nick asked charlie . 
 he thought charlie would balk at the question , but choo-choo charlie was a tried and true conductor , and seemed ready for a new challenge . 
 by now charlie had gotten himself enough paper to copy the rail map he had been scratching into the engine bulkhead , and mapping the everwild rails had become a personal mission for him . 
 `` i know what cities should have a lot of tracks that have crossed over -- but there 's no way to know till we get there . 
 d'ya mean we 're not going to birmingham ? '' 
 `` change of plans , '' nick told him . 
 `` we 're going to memphis . '' 
 `` i hear that 's where everlost ends , '' charlie pointed out . 
 `` the mississippi river , i mean . '' 
 `` well , i guess we 'll find out , wo n't we ? '' 
 then , just before nick left the engine cab , charlie pointed to his cheek and said , a little awkwardly , `` uh ... you got a little spot there . '' 
 nick sighed . 
 `` that was n't even funny the first time , charlie . '' 
 `` no , '' charlie said , `` i mean the other side of your face . '' 
 nick reached up and touched his good cheek . 
 his finger came away with a tiny spot of chocolate . 
 he wiped it between his thumb and forefinger until it was smudged away . 
 `` just get us to memphis . '' 
 nick knew that time was running out for him . 
 there was no way he could deny it now . 
 it was n't just the spot on his cheek -- little eruptions had begun to pop up all over nick 's body , rising like pimples , oozing chocolate through the fabric of his clothes when they popped . 
 those tiny brown patches were everywhere , and were beginning to connect like raindrops on concrete , spreading like a relentless rash , to his back , his scalp , and places he did n't even want to think about . 
 his chocolate hand was weak and getting weaker , the fingers almost fusing together . 
 his left eye was always clouded , and losing more and more sight each day . 
 his shirt , which used to look like a white shirt covered with brown stains , was now more brown than white , and the original color of his tie had long since been forgotten . 
 even his dark pants , which had always hidden the stains , could no longer resist the umber onslaught , and his shoes looked like two piles of brown candle-drippings giving rise to the rest of his body . 
 nick knew it was his own memory that was poisoning him -- or lack of memory . 
 he had forgotten so much of who he had been in the living world , there was barely anything left of him . 
 his family , his friends , they were all gone from his mind . 
 all he knew for sure was that he had been eating a chocolate bar when he died , and it had smeared on his face . 
 soon his only memory would be the chocolate , and then what ? 
 what would happen when there was nothing else left of him ? 
 he did n't want to think about it . 
 he did n't have time to think about it . 
 all that mattered was the task at hand -- and only part of that task was building a fighting force . 
 the rest of his plan he kept to himself , because if he told the others what madness he had in mind , he 'd have a whole lot more deserters . 
 before they left chattanooga , zin presented nick with the flag she had made , and nick told charlie to fly it from the front of the train , for everyone to see . 
 the design was a series of silver stars , in the pattern of the big dipper , sewn on a rich brown fabric . 
 `` my papa always said the big dipper was there to catch falling stars , '' zin said . 
 `` kinda like the way you 're here to catch falling souls . '' 
 nick was all choked up , and it was n't just the chocolate . 
 `` you have no idea what this means to me , zin . '' 
 `` does that mean i get to be a lieutenant ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' nick told her . 
 `` but soon . 
 very soon . '' 
 nick would have hugged her if he thought he could do it without covering her in stains . 
 chapter 22 cram that sucker zin was a good soldier , and proud of it . 
 being a ripper did n't leave a person with much self-respect , so zin squeezed all the self-respect she could out of her military service . 
 the chocolate ogre was now her general , and she would do her job to the best of her ability . 
 a good soldier follows orders . 
 a good soldier does n't ask questions . 
 but she could n't help but wonder about some of the requests the chocolate ogre made of her . 
 particularly the secret ones he called `` special projects . '' 
 the first request involved an all-day sucker . 
 the kind as big as your face , all colorful and sticky , that gets stuck in your teeth when you bite it , and makes your molars hurt . 
 this sucker had crossed over with a little kid who had probably been working on it since the day he crossed over . 
 the thing was half-eaten , and would stay half-eaten no matter how much the kid licked it . 
 the ogre took zin and the sucker-boy to a candy shop -- not an everlost one , but a living-world shop , where fleshies went about their business buying and selling sweets . 
 `` i want you to rip him a new sucker , '' the ogre ordered . 
 zin could n't see why , as this sucker was n't going anywhere , but she followed orders . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 a ' course , sir . '' 
 there was a stand that held suckers like a little metal tree . 
 zin reached into the living world , and ripped the kid a brand new sucker that was bigger and better than the one he started with . 
 then she proceeded to rip the old sucker from the boy 's hand -- something only she could accomplish -- and replaced it with the new one . 
 the boy acted like a kid in a candy shop , which , in fact , he was . 
 but then things started to get weird . 
 after the boy ran off hopping and skipping with his new sucker , the ogre pointed to the old one in zin 's hand and said , `` now that he 's got a better one , i want you to put this one back . '' 
 zin was confused . 
 `` what do you mean ` put it back ' ? '' 
 `` i mean exactly what i said . 
 rip a hole , and put the sucker back into the living world . '' 
 the suggestion just made zin mad . 
 what , was he stupid ? 
 ripping stuff out was one thing , but putting something back ? 
 whenever zin ripped , she always kind of felt like a midwife , helping someone give birth . 
 to her , the living world was truly that -- a living thing , that could feel everything that happened to it . 
 you do n't put back stuff that gets born . 
 `` sir , you ca n't take sumpin ' that crossed into everlost and shove it back into the living world -- that ai n't the way it 's done . '' 
 and then the ogre asked , `` have you ever tried ? '' 
 zin was about to explain to him just how ripping worked , but her words caught in her throat , because she realized that she never had tried . 
 the idea of putting something back had never occurred to her . 
 why should it ? 
 it was all about taking . 
 `` no , i ai n't never tried that , '' said zin . 
 `` but what if puttin ' sumpin ' back is one of them weird scientifical things that blows up the world ? '' 
 `` if you blow up the world , '' the ogre said , `` you can blame it on me . '' 
 which was good enough for zin . 
 he was , after all , her superior officer . 
 if and when she got to the pearly gates , she could always claim she was following orders . 
 `` well , all right , then . '' 
 she steeled herself , then held the sucker in her ripping hand , and tried to shove it through , into the living world . 
 it was not an easy thing . 
 just opening a hole into the living world was different now that her intentions were different . 
 it was like picking a lock . 
 then when the portal finally began to open , the living world resisted . 
 `` it wo n't work , sir , '' zin insisted . 
 `` i think the livin ' world 's got all the stuff it can stand , and do n't want no more . '' 
 `` keep trying . '' 
 zin gritted her teeth and doubled her efforts . 
 as she tried to force that sucker through , she felt a powerful battle of wills between her and the living world . 
 the question was , did the world want to keep the sucker out more than zin wanted to put it in ? 
 to zin 's surprise , she won the battle : the living world relented , and took the sucker back . 
 when zin was done , it sat on a counter in the candy shop , its bright colors faded and slightly out of focus , just like everything else in the living world . 
 zin pulled her hand back , and shivered . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 `` yeah , '' said zin , pleased , yet troubled by this newly discovered power . 
 `` i felt like i done something wrong , though ... '' `` it 's only wrong if you use it for the wrong things , '' the ogre said . 
 `` but the world do n't like it , sir . '' 
 `` did the world like you ripping when you first started ? '' 
 zin thought back to her earliest days in everlost . 
 ripping was n't easy when she first began . 
 the world held on to stuff like a kid holds on to toys . 
 `` no , '' zin had to admit . 
 `` it was hard at first . '' 
 `` but the world got used to it , right ? '' 
 `` i guess ... '' `` it got used to ripping , so it 'll get used to ... cramming ... as well . '' 
 they both looked at the half-eaten sucker on the living world counter until the candy store cashier noticed it and eyed it with disgust . 
 he then picked it up , and dropped it into the trash . 
 `` i want you to practice this , '' the ogre told zin . 
 `` practice cramming every chance you get , until you can do it as quickly and as smoothly as ripping . '' 
 then zin asked the million dollar question . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` does there have to be a ` why ' ? '' 
 asked the ogre . 
 `` is n't knowing the full extent of your powers reason enough ? '' 
 but if there was one thing zin had come to learn and respect about the ogre , it was his strategy as a general ... and the fact that everything he did was always a single move in a much larger campaign . 
 chapter 23 severance and blithe doris meltzer had led a long and productive life . 
 at the age of eighty-three , she knew she did n't have much time left , but she was satisfied with the life she had lived . 
 for her entire adult life , she wore her wristwatch on her left wrist , but would always glance at her right . 
 she would gently rub it , and convinced herself it was just a nervous habit . 
 the truth of it lay below the threshold of her understanding . 
 at times she touched upon the true meaning of it -- at the moment of waking , or the instant before sleep set in -- the two places where one 's spirit comes closest to everlost . 
 never close enough to actually see it , but close enough to sense its existence . 
 it all began the night of her high school prom . 
 it was a momentous occasion , but not in the way anyone had expected . 
 her date was a boy named billy , and she 'd had a crush on him since grade school . 
 she had dreams they might be married -- and in those days marrying your high school sweetheart was more the norm than the exception . 
 billy had just learned to drive and was proud to be doing it , taking her to the prom under the capable control of his own hands and feet , even if he was driving his father 's clunky old desoto . 
 he gave her a wrist corsage of yellow roses . 
 it was a beautiful thing that matched her lemon chiffon dress . 
 she wore it on her right wrist , and lifted it to her face , inhaling its rich aroma all night long . 
 even then she knew that , for the rest of her life , when she smelled roses , she would think of this night . 
 she would think of billy . 
 the prom was spectacular , as a prom should be . 
 it was after they left that everything went wrong . 
 it was n't billy 's fault . 
 he had obeyed all the traffic laws , but sometimes none of that matters when someone else has been drinking . 
 such was the case when a car full of drunken classmates ran a red light at the corner of severance and blithe . 
 billy never felt a thing . 
 he was gone before the car stopped flipping . 
 he had sailed instantly down the tunnel and into the light . 
 there were no pit stops in everlost for him -- for at the age of eighteen , the walls of his tunnel were already too thick to allow an unexpected detour . 
 for him , his exit from the living world went exactly as it should . 
 doris , however , had a harder time of it , for although she also saw the tunnel , it was n't her time to make the journey . 
 she was merely an observer , watching him go . 
 she awoke in the hospital days later with her family by her side , all of them thanking god for a million answered prayers . 
 she was alive , and would recover . 
 as for the corsage , it perished in the crash along with the boy she might have married . 
 doris 's spine was severed at the l-4 vertebrae , and she never walked again -- but in all other aspects she lived a full and exceptionally happy life . 
 she married , had children , and had her own antique business in a time when a woman 's place was still considered to be the home . 
 she had no way of knowing that the corsage of yellow roses did n't entirely perish . 
 because of what it meant to the boy who gave it to her , and because of what it meant to doris , the corsage crossed into everlost unscathed . 
 sixty-five years later , it was still as fresh and bright as the evening she wore it . 
 in fact , it was still right there on her wrist . 
 it moved with her , unknown and invisible , holding her right wrist in a gentle grasp , secretly giving her comfort when she needed it . 
 this was the cause of that strange urge to look at her wrist , and to caress it , yet she never made the connection . 
 then one day , a boy who had half turned to chocolate noticed the corsage . 
 he was merely passing by when he spotted it . 
 he was out searching for afterlights to gather , but instead he found the cluster of yellow roses and baby 's breath . 
 so vibrant , so bright -- it was clearly an artifact of everlost , and yet it clung to the arm of an old woman in a wheelchair sitting on a porch . 
 nick had never seen anything like it . 
 he had always assumed that when items crossed , they fell free from the living world , but here was a corsage that still clung to the hand of its living wearer , even though it existed only in everlost . 
 nick remembered reading about a sort of spirit that becomes attached to the living . 
 an incubus it was called . 
 he had never met or even heard of a spirit like that in everlost -- but this corsage -- it was a floral incubus , refusing to leave its beloved host behind . 
 refusing , that is , until nick reached out , and plucked it right off the woman 's arm -- an easy thing to do , as it was part of everlost . 
 doris knew something had changed the moment it happened , but she could n't tell what . 
 she wheeled around the porch searching every corner . 
 surely she had lost something , but what could it be ? 
 that 's how it was with so many things these days . 
 half-finished thoughts , forgetting even what she 'd forgotten . 
 it was no picnic getting old . 
 she looked to her right wrist , rubbing it , scratching it , wishing the uncanny feeling of loss would just go away . 
 meanwhile , in everlost , nick went to fetch zin . 
 `` this corsage crossed into everlost , '' he told her . 
 `` i think it happened a very long time ago . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 said zin . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` i 'd like you to put it back into the living world . '' 
 zin had been practicing the art of `` cramming , '' as the ogre had called it , but she sensed that this was a little bit different . 
 she could n't say why . 
 she turned the corsage in her hand , put it on her own wrist for a moment , inhaled its rich fragrance -- and then it finally struck her why this was different than any of the other things she had crammed back into the living world . 
 `` these flowers are alive ... . '' 
 she thought she caught a hint of a smile on the clear side of the ogre 's face . 
 `` so they are , '' he said . 
 `` or as alive as anything can be in everlost . 
 now i 'm ordering you to put that corsage back into the living world . '' 
 she instinctively knew that dealing with something `` alive '' would be a whole new level of cramming . 
 `` i do n't know if i can do that , sir . '' 
 she did n't always remember to call him `` sir , '' but she did whenever she was basically telling him `` no . '' 
 `` you wo n't know until you try , '' he told her , because the ogre never took no for an answer . 
 they returned to the porch where nick had seen the woman , but she was no longer there , because the living are rarely so convenient as to remain where you found them . 
 nick , however , would n't rest until he had tracked her down . 
 although the living appeared blurry to those in everlost , a woman in a wheelchair would n't be too difficult to spot . 
 doris was not at home because she had called her teenage grandson , and asked him to come take her for a walk . 
 she was feeling unsettled . 
 not quite panicked , but very unsettled . 
 `` something 's missing , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll find it , '' he said , not for an instant believing that anything was missing at all . 
 doris 's children and grandchildren all thought she was far more senile than she really was , treating everything she said as if it were coming from someplace hopelessly foggy . 
 it annoyed her no end , and they took her crankiness as further evidence of dementia . 
 her grandson rolled her through the streets of the town , and when they came to a corner , she chanced to look up at the street signs . 
 they were at the corner of severance and blithe . 
 although she had passed this intersection a thousand times since the accident , the spot was only painful when she paused to think about it , which she rarely did anymore . 
 but today she felt a strange need to pay her respects , and so she had her grandson pause at the corner before crossing . 
 it was as she sat there , tallying the cost of a single tragic moment , that she felt a strange gripping sensation on her right wrist . 
 she looked down to see that a yellow rose corsage had been slipped onto her hand . 
 not any corsage , but the corsage . 
 she knew nothing of everlost , or of zin , who had just successfully crammed it into the living world , and had slipped it onto her hand -- but doris did n't need to know . 
 there was no question in her mind that this was the same corsage . 
 in a sudden moment of intuition , doris came to realize that the corsage had always been with her , then was briefly taken away , only to be presented back to her fully and completely . 
 all these years it had been unable to live , but unable to die . 
 now it would do both . 
 her grandson did n't notice its appearance -- his attention had drifted to two girls his own age farther down the street . 
 he only noticed the corsage once the girls had turned the corner . 
 `` where did that come from ? '' 
 he asked once he saw it . 
 `` billy gave it to me , '' doris said honestly . 
 `` he gave it to me the night of the prom . '' 
 her grandson glanced momentarily at the trash can on the corner beside them . 
 `` of course he did , grandma , '' and he left it at that , making a mental note to keep her wheelchair a little farther away from trash cans . 
 by nightfall the corsage had begun to wilt , but that was fine . 
 doris knew it was the way of all things , and each falling petal was a gentle reminder that soon -- maybe tomorrow , maybe next week , maybe next year -- her time would come too . 
 the tunnel would open for her , and she would make her journey into the light with a mind as crystal clear as the star-filled evening . 
 chapter 24 it 's a dog 's life nick could tell there was something wrong in nashville . 
 a city this big should have had afterlights , but there was not a single one to be found . 
 they did find an abandoned afterlight den -- a crossed factory , filled with evidence of afterlight activity , but not one soul remained . 
 `` maybe they all found their coins , and got where they were going , '' johnnie-o suggested . 
 `` or maybe they were captured by mary , '' charlie said . 
 `` or maybe sumpin ' worse , '' said zin -- and by kudzu 's reaction , everyone suspected she might be right . 
 the dog was n't exactly a bloodhound , but his senses were more acute than human ones -- and the second he and zin got close to the factory , kudzu began to back off and howl . 
 he would n't get near the place . 
 there was definitely a strange feeling in the air -- the residue of some bitter circumstance . 
 it called for a visit from the sniffer . 
 the sniffer was a kid they picked up in chattanooga , whose sense of smell was so good , he could smell things that did n't actually have an odor . 
 like the scent of someone thinking too hard -lrb- smells like a burning lampshade -rrb- or the aroma of confusion -lrb- smells like rotisserie chicken -rrb- . 
 one might think he 'd have a monumentally distorted nose , and yet he did n't . 
 it was a dainty little upturned thing . 
 `` it 's not the size of your nose that matters , '' the sniffer often said , `` it 's how deep your nasal cavity goes , '' and this kid was nasal cavity all the way down to his toes . 
 in fact , when he sneezed , he could splatter an entire room in ectomucus -- which was like living mucus , except that it never dried . 
 they brought him to the factory and , just like kudzu , he would n't even go through the door -- but at least he was able to tell them why . 
 `` i smell misery , '' he said . 
 `` the place reeks of it . '' 
 then he pointed southwest , roughly in the direction of memphis . 
 `` that 's the direction the misery went . '' 
 `` just our luck , '' said zin , still trying to calm down kudzu , who had gone from howling to whimpering . 
 `` whatever it was , '' nick said , `` let 's hope we do n't run into it on the way . '' 
 and whatever it was , it was apparently strong enough to scare the sniffer off . 
 he deserted nick 's army , having no desire to follow the misery to memphis . 
 zin just wanted to leave nashville . 
 kudzu 's reaction spooked her , and the sooner they were on their way , the better . 
 the ogre , however , had his own agenda . 
 they lingered in the city . 
 he said it was because they were still looking for stray afterlights , but that was a lie . 
 they stayed because the ogre had another secret task for zin . 
 this was the big one , and looking back , zin realized this was the task he had been leading up to all along . 
 they were back at the train , and zin could n't find kudzu . 
 it was n't unusual for him to explore on his own , but maybe she was smelling a bit of something now too . 
 something a little skunky . 
 something that reeked of bad intentions . 
 she finally found kudzu in the parlor car -- the chocolate ogre 's private retreat . 
 the dog was licking chocolate from the ogre 's hand . 
 `` kudzu ! 
 come ! '' 
 zin said . 
 the dog reluctantly turned and strolled over to its master . 
 `` kudzu 's been a good companion to you , has n't he ? '' 
 the ogre said . 
 `` the best , '' answered zin . 
 `` i know you really care about him ... and i guess i can understand why you did what you did . 
 ripping him from an abusive owner , and all . '' 
 zin knelt down and scratched kudzu 's neck . 
 `` had to do it . 
 i saved him from a fate worse than death . '' 
 `` maybe you did ... but that does n't change the fact that you ripped a living thing out of the living world . '' 
 she looked up at the ogre , who sat in his stained chair . 
 was it her imagination , or was there more of the brown stuff on him than yesterday ? 
 `` let me ask you something , zin , because it 's important . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` when you ripped kudzu , did you just rip his spirit , or did you rip the whole dog into everlost ? '' 
 `` i guess i ripped everything , sir , '' zin said . 
 `` i mean it were n't like i ripped his little doggy spirit out of his body or nothin ' ; i grabbed him , pulled him into everlost , and there he was . 
 it 's not like there was a dead dog left behind when i ripped him here -- i ripped him body and soul . '' 
 kudzu lay down and rolled over , wanting a tummy rub . 
 zin obliged , and the dog purred like a kitten . 
 `` he did n't sleep for nine months , neither , on accounta he never officially died . '' 
 `` so ... '' said the ogre , `` somehow , he was flesh until you pulled him here ... and now he 's not . '' 
 `` that 's right -- he 's an afterlight just like any of us . 
 he do n't grow old , he do n't get sick , he do n't change , and he got the glow . '' 
 `` still , by taking him you did something very wrong . '' 
 zin did n't like the direction this conversation was going . 
 `` no more wrong than anything else i done , '' she said defensively . 
 `` no worse than any of the things you made me to do , '' and then she added `` sir , '' a little snidely . 
 `` it is worse , and i think you know that . '' 
 `` well , that there 's water under the bridge . 
 nuthin ' i can do about that now . '' 
 and the ogre quietly said , `` yes , there is . '' 
 zin did n't want to hear this . 
 `` c'mon , kudzu , let 's go . '' 
 she practically lifted the dog to his feet and headed for the door . 
 `` come back here , '' said the ogre . 
 and when she did n't , he said , `` that 's an order ! '' 
 she stopped just short of the door , and spun back to him . 
 `` you can order me around all you want , but you ca n't do nuthin ' to kudzu -- he 's my dog , not yours ! '' 
 `` if you want to set things straight in the hereafter , '' the ogre said calmly , `` then you need to put kudzu back in the living world -- just like you did to those flowers the other day . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she did n't even bother saying `` sir , '' this time . 
 `` it 's the right thing to do , and you know it . '' 
 `` if i put him back , he 'll have no place to go ! '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` he will if you find him a good family . '' 
 `` if i put him back , he 'll die ! '' 
 `` but not until he lives the full length of a dog 's life . '' 
 zin found herself screaming into the ogre 's face , but he stayed calm , which just made her even madder . 
 `` why 're you asking me to do this ? '' 
 he did n't answer her . 
 instead he said , sternly , `` i am your commanding officer , and your orders are to find a good home for kudzu ... and then you are to use your powers to put him in it . '' 
 `` you can ask me from here till doomsday , i wo n't do it ! '' 
 he was quiet for a second . 
 then he said , `` if you do it , i 'll put you in charge of an entire regiment of soldiers . '' 
 the ogre had just put his nasty , sticky little finger on her button , and zin was disgusted with herself to know how easily her buttons could be pushed . 
 `` how many 's in a regiment ? '' 
 she asked . 
 zin hated this more than anything , but she could n't deny that the ogre , curse his hershey 's hide , was absolutely right . 
 she had no business ripping a living dog into everlost . 
 and the story she gave -- the one about saving him from an owner who beat him ? 
 it was a flat-out lie . 
 kudzu had a good life with a family that was so sweet and caring , it had made zin sick . 
 this was before she went off to be a hermit , when she still believed she could linger with the living , and pretend she could be one of them , even though they never knew she was there . 
 she stayed with that family for more than a month , sitting with them at the dinner table , ripping bits of food off their plates . 
 she sat in their playroom , ripping toys and watching the brother and sister fight , blaming each other for the missing playthings . 
 the dog sensed her presence . 
 not entirely , but just enough for it to act edgy whenever zin was in the room . 
 then the dog warmed to her . 
 it would come near to where she was standing , and roll over , waiting to be scratched on the belly . 
 so zin would use her ripping hand to reach in and do it . 
 when her hand came back with dog hair on it , she got the idea . 
 if dog hair could come through , then why not the whole dog ? 
 that family never knew what happened to their beloved pet . 
 probably figured coyotes got him or something . 
 and now zin had herself a much needed friend . 
 she even changed his name . 
 since she was named after a flower , she named him after another plant . 
 she chose the fast-growing kudzu , because of the way the dog had grown on her . 
 she did n't even remember his real name anymore . 
 but that was a story she could n't tell , because she knew in her heart how shameful it was . 
 well , what goes around comes around to bite you in the butt , and now it was time to make things right . 
 but she did n't have to like it . 
 she did what the ogre told her to do : she found a family . 
 not just any family , but one that was like the one kudzu had come from . 
 she found a wealthy family with two little kids , and zin watched them long enough to know they were good people . 
 she sat with them at dinner , ripping herself some corn on the cob when no one was looking . 
 then , when she was absolutely sure this was the right home , she went to get kudzu and the ogre . 
 distant thunder rolled , low and ominous as they approached the house . 
 dark clouds filled the eastern horizon . 
 zin felt much the same on the inside . 
 `` looks like they already have a dog , '' the ogre said , as they stepped into the family 's backyard . 
 there was a doghouse in the yard , and two big bags of dried dog food leaned up against it . 
 `` i put that there , '' zin told him . 
 she had ripped the doghouse and the food from a nearby pet store , and had crammed it all into the backyard earlier in the day . 
 the family had seen it and was understandably confused . 
 the children were convinced that this was all some sort of surprise -- that somebody was about to give them a dog , and the parents tried to figure which friend or relative might do something like this . 
 `` i hadda prepare them , '' zin told the ogre . 
 `` because , if a dog just showed up in their yard , they 'd probably just take him to the pound . 
 but if he shows up along with all this other stuff , they 'll know he 's not just a stray . 
 they 'll know that someone meant to put him here , even if they do n't know who . '' 
 `` good thinking , '' said the ogre . 
 the family was inside now , maybe making calls to see who was playing pooch games with them . 
 zin held kudzu for the longest time . 
 he might have been a smart dog , but he had no idea what was coming . 
 `` maybe it wo n't work , '' zin said . 
 `` a dog 's not like a bunch of stupid flowers . 
 maybe something this big -- this alive -- ca n't get through . '' 
 `` maybe not , but there 's only one way to know for sure . '' 
 she knew the ogre would say that . 
 zin spoke to kudzu in hushed tones , saying all the things you say to someone when you know you 're never going to see him again . 
 then finally the ogre said , `` it 's time . '' 
 zin grabbed kudzu by the scruff of his neck with her ripping hand . 
 `` sorry , boy , '' and she began to push him forward . 
 cramming , which had been so hard at first , had become easier , just as the ogre had said it would -- but nothing could make this easy . 
 it was n't like picking a lock , it was like breaking into fort knox . 
 and to make it even worse , kudzu began to whine and resist the second the portal began to open . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 zin said , straining to force kudzu forward . 
 now the ogre pushed along with her , both of them straining with all their might . 
 his snout was through , then his head , then his front legs . 
 kudzu let loose a mournful howl , the portal stretched around his haunches , and with a final push he was through , the portal healed closed , and zin and the ogre fell back , knocked down by the shock wave of the sealing portal . 
 kudzu darted back and forth on the grass in front of them , confused and confounded by the change . 
 `` look ! '' 
 the ogre said . 
 `` he has no afterglow ! 
 do you see ? 
 do you see ? '' 
 kudzu was back in the living world ! 
 the browns of his fur were paler and out of focus , and his body was true flesh and bone . 
 he leaped this way and that , searching for zin , barking frantically . 
 some faint sense must have told him she was still there , but he could n't find her and never would . 
 `` he 's alive ! '' 
 the ogre said , like some mad scientist . 
 `` he 's alive ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , boy , '' zin whimpered , `` i 'm so , so sorry ... . '' 
 but she knew kudzu could n't hear her . 
 the family , hearing the barking dog , came out to the yard , and although it took a few minutes , it was the kids who won kudzu over . 
 they put their arms around his frightened neck . 
 `` what 's your name , boy ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` it 's kudzu ! '' 
 shouted zin , but no one heard . 
 thunder rolled , a little closer than before . 
 the parents looked up at the threatening sky , and the boy said , `` let 's call him storm ! '' 
 and that finally closed the circle -- because zin suddenly remembered that storm was his real name . 
 in a few moments , the dog 's barks became whimpers , which soon gave way to nervous panting . 
 it was n't long until kudzu/storm lay down and rolled over , angling for a belly rub , which his new family was more than happy to provide . 
 zin turned to the ogre . 
 `` i hate you , '' she said , and she meant it with every bit of her being . 
 `` you can hate me all you want , '' he told her . 
 `` but you 've just shown your loyalty by putting your orders ahead of your personal feelings . 
 that kind of loyalty is rewarded ... lieutenant . '' 
 then he reached forward with his chocolate-covered hand , and painted a fresh brown chevron on the sleeve of her uniform . 
 then he said something that put it all into focus for zin , making her admire him almost as much as she hated him . 
 `` i want you to remember what it took to push kudzu into the living world , '' the chocolate ogre told her , `` because very soon , that 's exactly what you 'll be doing to mary hightower . '' 
 276 277 part five the skinjacker revelations in tips for taps , chapter 5 , entitled `` what you do n't remember ca n't hurt you , '' mary hightower writes : `` memory is a strange thing in everlost . 
 the afterlight mind is like a toy box in a toddler 's room . 
 if a precious memory is taken out of the box to be pawed and fondled , chances are it wo n't get back into the box . 
 consequently the only way to hold on to a memory in everlost is never to think about it . '' 
 chapter 25 lair of the cat woman when it came to memory , mary 's observations did n't hold true for skinjackers . 
 unlike nick , allie never forgot her last name . 
 it was johnson . 
 with such a common last name , however , locating her parents in memphis was not an easy matter . 
 her parents names were adam and andrea , so naturally they chose a names for their daughters . 
 there were ten adams , two andreas , and more than a hundred a. johnsons in the memphis phone book . 
 she had already determined that both their cell phone numbers had been disconnected , so allie would have to skinjack someone , and start making cold calls . 
 it had to be done by skinjacking -- she already knew that . 
 she did n't know whether or not the `` gravity '' of home would apply here , but she did n't want to take the chance . 
 showing up at her family 's new house and witnessing their lives moving forward without her might turn the ground to quicksand just as standing on her old doorstep had . 
 besides , she had another compelling reason to skinjack . 
 the everlost wind . 
 it was uncanny , and maddening -- a gale force that only afterlights could feel blasting off the mississippi river . 
 five miles east of memphis , where she and milos had parted company , the wind was just a breeze , but the closer one came to the river , the more powerful the wind grew -- and since memphis rested right on the river 's east bank , there was no way to escape it . 
 allie skinjacked a tourist walking toward the river to see what this was all about . 
 from within a fleshie , there seemed to be nothing unusual at all . 
 the river appeared normal ... but then she made the mistake of peeling out of the tourist right by the riverbank . 
 the wind caught her like a hurricane , whistling in her ears , scrambling her thoughts . 
 she struggled against it , but in the end it lifted her off her feet , and tumbled her head over heels through building after building , until she was far enough away to find her balance again . 
 in this city -- and presumably anyplace on the east bank of the mississippi -- the only way to resist the wind was to skinjack . 
 therefore negotiating memphis required her to skinjack on a regular basis . 
 it was a challenge , because allie had never stayed fleshbound for long periods of time . 
 the longest had been the recent drive with milos , moose , and squirrel as they drove to memphis in the bodies of a family . 
 that had taken just a few hours , and allie found that peeling out had been like trying to take off a wetsuit that was two sizes two small . 
 the task of finding and approaching her family would require a very specific kind of host , but who to choose ? 
 there were so many variables , allie had to create herself a checklist of all the things that her host should , and should not be . 
 1 -rrb- it had to be someone her parents would invite inside . 
 if she skinjacked a deliveryman , as she had done when she approached her old house in new jersey , it would n't be good enough . 
 with a deliveryman as her host , any encounter would be brief , and only over the threshold of the front door . 
 what she needed was not just a way to get the door open , but a way to get through it . 
 2 -rrb- it had to be someone they would feel comfortable talking with about the accident . 
 when she finally got inside their new home , she did n't want to talk about the weather and current events , she wanted to know how it all played out , and somehow give her parents , her sister , and maybe herself , some comfort and closure . 
 3 -rrb- it had to be someone who would not be missed for multiple skinjackings . 
 if allie was to use someone 's body as a base of operations , it would be a nuisance if that person had a demanding job or a whole lot of personal responsibilities . 
 4 -rrb- it had to be someone who would not notice the lost time themselves . 
 a suspicious fleshie was the worst kind of host . 
 best to choose someone who would n't be aware that something unusual was going on -- or at least could come up with a logical explanation for the missing time . 
 with all these things to consider , allie was undecided for days , shuttling from person to person , hiding within them , observing them , thinking she had the perfect host , but then changing her mind . 
 allie finally settled on a woman who lived alone , except for a multitude of cats that came and went through a pet door . 
 by allie 's observations , the woman 's life was simple , and predictable . 
 tending to the cats , watching tv , crocheting , taking an afternoon nap . 
 no one bothered her , and she bothered no one else . 
 she was the perfect host for a long-term project . 
 when the woman lay down for her nap at two o'clock the following afternoon , allie skinjacked her , and her detective work began . 
 the first few phone calls determined that none of the adams and andreas listed were her parents , so she went on to the countless a. johnsons . 
 the idea that one of her parents ' live voices could be at the other end of any phone call made her borrowed heart race , but mostly she got answering machines , which was a relief each time . 
 that first day all she did was make calls , but not a single a. johnson had been her mother or her father , and what few memphis relatives she knew by name must have been unlisted too . 
 after three hours of unsuccessful phone calls , allie began to doubt everything . 
 what if the people in new jersey were wrong , and her parents did n't come to memphis ? 
 what if her father died in the accident after all ? 
 allie began to despair , and her own emotional turmoil began to wake the woman . 
 losing control of a fleshie was like slipping on wet ice -- once you lost control , it was hard to get it back , and allie was slip-sliding like crazy . 
 the woman awoke , took over her own body , and allie quickly hid behind the woman 's thoughts -- which , without proper preparation , was like hiding behind window curtains . 
 now there was only a slim veil between her consciousness and allie 's -- any powerful thought would reveal her presence , so she tried not to think at all . 
 -- my my my -- half past five long nap -- my my my -- how did i get into the kitchen -- my my my -- i did n't leave that phone book out did i -- my my my -- allie knew peeling out of the woman would n't be easy , having been in her for more than three hours , but she did n't want to linger inside her either . 
 she peeled out while the woman was distracted , tending to the cats -- but after three whole hours , this was n't like peeling off a wet suit , it was more like ripping off a band-aid . 
 it was sharp and shocking . 
 the woman gasped and fell back into a chair , her hand on her chest . 
 then , when the woman caught her breath , she went around the house checking that all the locks were secure , as if she sensed an intruder . 
 so much for not raising suspicion . 
 now allie was back in the wind -- not strong enough to knock her off her feet , but disorienting nonetheless . 
 she skinjacked someone driving through the neighborhood , then when she got to a more crowded street , she soul-surfed from car to car , until she was far enough away from the river that the wind was bearable . 
 she spent the night knees-to-chest on a roadside deadspot the size of a basketball , considering what her next move should be . 
 it was somewhere around midnight that it struck allie how amazingly stupid she had been ! 
 her investigative technique was stuck in `` nancy drew '' mode , which might have been fine when the cat woman was her age , but not in this day and age . 
 allie should have been much more forward-thinking . 
 this , after all , was the age of information . 
 why would anyone need a phone book when you had e-mail addresses ? 
 allie returned the following day to discover that the cat woman was cutting-edge . 
 in her spare room , she had a laptop that picked up a neighbor 's wireless network . 
 of course her internet favorites list contained things like the crocheting club of america , but it was good to know that even the hopelessly old-fashioned and questionably batty could still be web-savvy . 
 now allie had a plan . 
 she waited until the woman took her afternoon nap , jacked her the instant the woman 's head hit the pillow , and went straight for the laptop . 
 first allie created a new e-mail address : mr. and mrs. johnson : i 'm not sure if you 'll remember me -- my name is sarah wintuck , i was your daughter allie 's fourth-grade teacher . 
 having left new jersey myself several years ago , i never heard about what happened to her until recently . 
 i 'm so terribly sorry . 
 my heart goes out to you . 
 i will be visiting memphis all this week , and would love the opportunity to meet with you . 
 allie thought for a moment , then added : i have some fond memories of your daughter that i know she would have wanted me to share with you . 
 sincerely , sarah wintuck now there was nothing to do but wait . 
 within five minutes the mailer-daemon sent back her father 's e-mail as `` undeliverable '' and `` nonexistent . '' 
 allie 's heart sank in the old woman 's chest as she stared numbly at the screen . 
 it was her mother who had relatives in memphis . 
 could it be that her father died in the crash ? 
 she tried to dismiss the notion and see the glass as half-full . 
 her mother 's e-mail was not bounced back . 
 that was a positive sign . 
 she waited for a response from her mother , filling her time by tending to all those mewling cats who kept jumping up on the table , competing for her attention . 
 by six o'clock no response had come , and allie knew she could n't stay much longer . 
 she lay down on the bed , peeled out of the woman , and the shock of it jarred the woman awake . 
 the cat woman bolted up in bed , then once more chastised herself for sleeping the day away , and checked all the locks again . 
 * * * the next day when the cat woman lay down for her nap , she set her alarm clock for one hour . 
 it did no good , because the moment allie skinjacked her , she turned the alarm off . 
 there was a single e-mail waiting for this was n't the way it was supposed to happen . 
 she was supposed to bring comfort to her parents , not anguish . 
 -- let me go ! 
 -- screamed the cat woman , and allie refused , taking out all her anger on her . 
 if the woman had only stayed asleep -- if she had only stayed quiet , allie would have talked her way out of this . 
 things would have gone differently if she did n't have to fight the cat woman for control . 
 this is your fault!allie screamed in her thoughts as she ran . 
 you could n't just let me do this ! 
 you could n't just let it be ! 
 they were on a busy street now -- a commercial street full of shops restaurants and cars . 
 plenty of people to skinjack . 
 allie tried to peel out , disgusted with the cat woman and her body -- but she could n't do it . 
 she tugged and twisted , but it was as if she was glued to the cat woman 's frame . 
 she had stayed inside her too long ! 
 -- get out of me ! 
 -- i 'm trying ! 
 the pain in her back was moving to her chest . 
 it was intense , and it was hard to breathe . 
 she should n't have run so fast . 
 not in this body . 
 it suddenly dawned on her that the cat woman was having a heart attack -- allie had given her a heart attack , and now she was stuck with her in this feeble failing body ! 
 -- what have you done to me ? 
 -- the cat woman wailed . 
 it was n't supposed to happen this way . 
 she stumbled in the front door of a restaurant . 
 -- what have you done ? 
 -- shut up ! 
 i 'll get us out of this , allie told her . 
 the ma卯tre d' looked at her in alarm . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 she said . 
 it was all she could do to get the words out . 
 `` heart . '' 
 restaurants did have emergency kits , did n't they ? 
 the maitre d' looked like a deer in headlights , then he glanced down at his reservation book as if the solution might be written there . 
 he was useless . 
 allie , with pain getting worse by the second , and darkness closing in around her , spied an electrical outlet on the wall . 
 they used electricity to restart a failing heart , right ? 
 she grabbed a knife from a table , crumbled to her knees , and shoved the tip of the knife into the socket . 
 the electric shock sent allie flying . 
 she seemed to burst apart in all directions , and pull back together a dozen yards away . 
 she fell to the ground and began to sink into the living world . 
 she was herself again , and back in everlost ! 
 she stood , and turned to the cat woman being helped up to a sitting position . 
 she looked bad , but not as bad as allie thought she would . 
 a waiter took her pulse , and seemed satisfied . 
 silverware in a socket was n't the best way to jumpstart a heart , but at least it had worked . 
 `` she stole me , '' the cat woman muttered . 
 `` she stole me ... . '' 
 `` just relax , '' the waiter said . 
 `` you 're going to be fine . '' 
 half the people in the restaurant had already dialed 911 , and the wail of an approaching ambulance could already be heard . 
 it was out of her hands now , so she soul-surfed out of the restaurant , into a passing car , then another , then another , and did n't stop until she was miles away . 
 * * * the joy of seeing her mother should have been enough to take away the sting of her reaction . 
 after all , how could her mother react any other way ? 
 how could she trust a strange woman who had not only lied to her about her identity , but seemed to know secrets that no one but allie could have known ? 
 of course she would have been horrified ! 
 but that did n't make it hurt any less . 
 the fact that she had nearly killed a woman barely even registered in allie 's mind . 
 all that mattered to her was home . 
 she still had n't seen her father -- but she knew this craving for home was even deeper than that , because , like skinjacking itself , a little taste of home was not enough . 
 against all reason , she hungered for it . 
 she needed more than just closure , she needed connection . 
 coming here was a mistake , but now that she had opened this pandora 's box , it could n't be closed . 
 the only way to close the lid was to step inside and pull the lid down like the lid of a coffin . 
 chapter 27 skinjacker 's lullaby that night , allie fell to what may have been the lowest point of her afterlife when she skinjacked a seven-year-old boy at one in the morning . 
 it had to be someone lighter and more nimble than her , because the only way into her parents ' new home was to climb in through an upstairs window . 
 she did n't know what she would do once she got in , all she knew was that she had to get in , and keep getting in until she could make her parents understand that she was not gone , she was right here , and would n't be going anywhere anytime soon . 
 there was a tree in the front yard , and open windows upstairs . 
 her parents always kept the upstairs windows open on summer nights . 
 the tree was a live oak -- a knobby thing , with a double trunk full of random twisting limbs . 
 it was a climbing tree -- and although the limb leaning closest to the house was a slim one , allie reasoned that a child who weighed less than fifty pounds would n't break the limb . 
 she trespassed in neighborhood homes , and finally found the perfect specimen a few blocks away . 
 she did n't have to put the boy to sleep , because he was already in the deep kind of slumber that only young children can reach . 
 she easily seized control , slipped on a pair of velcro spiderman shoes , and went downstairs and out into the night . 
 the moon was a scant sliver in the sky , a scimitar edge that seemed to slice the clouds that crossed its path . 
 the streets were deserted , and no lights were on in allie 's parents ' house . 
 this boy was no stranger to climbing trees . 
 allie knew it the second she scuttled up the trunk . 
 she relied on the boy 's muscle memory to take her higher until she was on the branch that stretched toward the house and the open upstairs window . 
 she climbed out toward the edge of the branch , and just as she reached toward the window the branch began to break . 
 allie gripped on to the window ledge for all she was worth , and the boy hit the side of the house with a thunk . 
 had she been in her own body , she would not have been able to cling to the ledge , but there 's a reason why small children can climb to high places . 
 his body was so light , she was able to pull herself up , then , holding on with one hand , she thrust the other through the window screen , and tore the screen loose . 
 it tumbled down into the yard , and allie hauled herself through the window , into a bedroom . 
 by now a light had come on in the hallway -- she could see it underneath the closed door -- and she heard footsteps moving hurriedly toward the room , so she scrambled underneath the bed just as the door opened . 
 from under the bed , she could see two bare feet entering the room . 
 the feet of a man . 
 her father . 
 he flicked on a light and the room around the bed became much too bright for comfort . 
 allie pulled herself as deep under the bed as she could get . 
 although allie was wildly out of breath , and spiked with adrenaline , she slowed her breathing to make it as quiet as possible , and she watched her father 's feet as he moved around the bed to the window . 
 allie could feel the boy 's heart beating as far up as her eyeballs now , making her vision blurred and veiny with each beat . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 said her mother , who was now standing at the threshold . 
 `` nothing , '' her father said . 
 `` the tree knocked down a window screen , that 's all . '' 
 `` i told you we should have had it trimmed . '' 
 then she added , `` are you sure that 's all it was ? '' 
 `` come look for yourself . '' 
 her mother crossed to the window . 
 allie heard the window being pulled closed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' her mother said . 
 `` after that woman today , i 'm a little spooked . '' 
 `` there are crazies everywhere . 
 but if it 'll make you feel better , i 'll see about getting that alarm system . '' 
 her parents left the room , turning off the lights and closing the door . 
 in a few moments allie heard the complaint of springs as they climbed back into bed . 
 allie remained frozen for ten minutes , just in case they decided to come back in . 
 then finally she came out from under the bed and looked around . 
 with nothing but a distant streetlight shining through the curtains , everything was cast in shades of gray . 
 even so , allie recognized exactly what this room was . 
 this was her bedroom . 
 or at least the memphis version of it . 
 it had been her bed she was hiding under , with her covers spread across it . 
 there was the desk where she had once labored over homework , and on the walls were posters of bands whose music she had n't heard for three years . 
 it was like a museum . 
 a shrine to her memory . 
 what on earth had possessed her parents to do this ? 
 it would be one thing to keep her room in the old house , but to recreate it here ? 
 she did n't know what to think . 
 she reached out and took a teddy bear from a shelf . 
 allie secretly loved fluffy things , but being a nonfluffy girl , she never kept her stuffed animals the way nature intended ; she always tweaked them somehow . 
 this one was `` winnie the punk , '' with sharpie-drawn tattoos on his fur , and a safety pin through his eyebrow . 
 the bear seemed larger than she remembered , but then she realized that it was n't larger , she was just in a smaller body . 
 allie clutched the bear to her chest , and felt herself becoming emotional . 
 she blamed it on the boy 's physiology -- after all , little kids are quick to turn on the waterworks -- but who was she kidding ? 
 these tears were all hers . 
 she sat down , and let the tears flow gently and quietly . 
 why had she come back here ? 
 did she really think she could just walk into her parents house in the body of this boy , and talk to them ? 
 and yet she was already angling on ways to return tomorrow -- perhaps in the body of someone selling alarm systems . 
 would that be her life now ? 
 returning each day in a different body , pretending to be someone else , just so she could be near her parents ? 
 she curled up on the bed clutching the bear -- a remnant of a life that was lost . 
 then something happened that she was n't expecting . 
 she should have realized it could happen , because , after all , it was the middle of the night , and she was in the body of a small , exhausted child . 
 as she held tightly on to the bear , her thoughts began to swim together , and in an instant , without warning , allie fell asleep . 
 allie awoke at 7:45 in the morning . 
 unfortunately the boy she was skinjacking had woken up at 7:41 . 
 it 's amazing what can happen within the span of four minutes . 
 `` it 's all right , do n't worry -- it will all be all right . 
 we 'll get you back home . '' 
 it was her mother 's voice . 
 she was in her mother 's arms . 
 they were rocking back and forth . 
 she was out of breath , her vision was blurry , her chest was heaving , and a god-awful wailing sound was coming out of her . 
 allie 's whole body was shivering with the force of her own sobs . 
 what was going on here ? 
 where was she ? 
 who was she ? 
 `` i wan na go home , '' she heard a child 's voice say . 
 it was all nasal and stuffy so it came out `` i wadda go hobe . '' 
 then she realized it was her own mouth speaking those words . 
 all at once it came back to her -- she was in the body of a boy she had skinjacked . 
 she was in her parents ' home , in her own room . 
 her mother was holding her , her father was standing nearby , phone in hand . 
 `` i wadda go hobe ! '' 
 the boy wailed again -- he had no idea how he had gotten here . 
 then allie realized a moment too late that she was n't hiding behind his consciousness -- she was out there in the open , right in the middle of his mind . 
 now that she was awake , the boy knew she was there , and he screamed in terror . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the boy wailed . 
 `` go away ! 
 go away ! 
 get out of here ! '' 
 allie 's mother backed off , thinking he was talking to her . 
 `` i do n't want you here ! 
 get out of me ! '' 
 this was a bad situation that was only getting worse . 
 the best allie could hope for now was damage control . 
 she struggled to seize the boy 's body , and send him back to dreamland , but now that he knew she was there , he did n't go easily . 
 he went kicking and screaming all the way , until finally his thoughts fell in upon themselves and he was unconscious . 
 allie was in control , but the boy 's body was still full of fear and heaving with sobs . 
 she looked to her father who was holding the phone in one hand , and in his other hand ... in his other hand ... ... he had no other hand . 
 his left arm now ended just past the elbow . 
 as allie tried to process this , she saw that his left hand was shifting the phone in his palm , preparing to dial with his thumb . 
 he was poised over the 9 button . 
 calling 911 was definitely not part of allie 's damage control . 
 `` you 're calling the police ? '' 
 allie screeched , using the boy 's wild state to her advantage . 
 `` i do n't want the police ! 
 i do n't i do n't i do n't ! '' 
 she screamed as loudly as she could , and her father looked helpless . 
 `` put down the phone , adam ! '' 
 her mother ordered . 
 `` all right , all right ! '' 
 he dropped it on the desk like it was about to explode . 
 `` there , i 've put it down . '' 
 allie stopped screaming , and took a minute to calm the boy 's body down , allowing her mother to hold her . 
 allie hugged her back , and took more comfort from it than her mother could possibly know . 
 the convulsive sobs eased until they were nothing more than shallow sniffles . 
 `` can you tell us your name ? '' 
 allie 's father asked . 
 allie did know his name , because if there 's one thing that little kids fill every thought with , it 's their identity . 
 `` danny , '' she said . 
 `` danny rozelli . '' 
 `` well , danny , '' said allie 's mom , `` i think you did a little bit of sleepwalking last night . '' 
 `` yeah , '' said allie , `` sleepwalking , yeah . '' 
 she was always impressed by her mother 's ability to be logical against all reason . 
 `` could you tell us where you live ? '' 
 allie 's father asked . 
 she knew where danny rozelli lived , but was n't ready to share that information , so she shook her head , and said , `` something street . '' 
 her parents sighed in unison . 
 allie looked at the stump of her father 's arm . 
 there were indentations in the skin that must have been from a prosthetic arm , but of course he had n't had time to put it on before finding little danny rozelli screaming in their dead daughter 's bed . 
 `` how 'd that happen ? '' 
 allie asked , realizing that a seven-year-old 's lack of tact was an asset now . 
 her father hesitated for a moment , then he said , `` car accident . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 ouch . '' 
 her father also had a scar on his forehead and cheek . 
 so the accident had taken his right arm , and left him with scars . 
 none of it was pleasant , but it could have been a whole lot worse . 
 then again , it was worse , because they had also lost a daughter . 
 allie longed to tell them that they had n't lost her at all -- that she was right here in front of them , but she could n't find a way to do that as the cat woman , and she could n't as danny rozelli , either . 
 `` do you know your phone number , at least ? '' 
 her mother asked . 
 `` we really should let someone know you 're here -- your parents must be worried sick . '' 
 allie did n't have much sympathy for parents who would eventually get their child back . 
 she did n't know the number anyway , and that was fine . 
 she was finally here with her own parents , and they were treating her with love and kindness . 
 this was the closest thing she might ever have to true family time with them . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' she said . 
 `` can i have something to eat ? '' 
 her parents glanced to each other , her mother threw her gaze to the phone , her father nodded and he left the room . 
 it did n't take a genius to figure out that he was going to call the police from another room . 
 allie thought of throwing another hissy fit , but realized she could n't stall the inevitable much longer . 
 she would make the best of the time she had . 
 `` can i have apple jacks ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` apple jacks in strawberry milk ? '' 
 she could have sworn her mother turned a previously unknown shade of pale . 
 `` never mind , '' said allie . 
 `` you probably do n't have that . '' 
 `` actually , '' said her mother , `` we do . '' 
 her father rejoined them in the kitchen , giving a secret nod to his wife . 
 he must have made the call . 
 allie figured they had about five minutes before the police arrived . 
 allie savored every spoonful of her cereal while her parents sat with her at the kitchen table . 
 she tried to trick herself into believing this was just a regular family breakfast . 
 `` sorry if they 're a little stale , '' her mother said . 
 `` no , '' said allie , `` they 're fine . '' 
 `` our daughter liked apple jacks , '' her father said . 
 `` she liked them with strawberry milk , too . '' 
 `` a lot of kids do , '' allie told him -- although she did n't know anyone else who ate them that way . 
 she dipped the spoon into the pink milk and let the last applejack float in like a lone life preserver . 
 `` more , please . '' 
 her mother poured a second bowl . 
 allie pushed down the orange cereal circles with the back of her spoon , coating them with milk . 
 `` i guess that was your daughter 's room i was in , huh ? '' 
 her mother nodded , but did n't meet her eyes . 
 `` something happened to her , did n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , danny , something did , '' her father answered . 
 `` you do n't have to talk about it , '' allie said , realizing this was going too far . 
 `` no , that 's okay -- it was a long time ago , '' he said . 
 not that long , allie wanted to say , but instead she said , `` i 'll bet she loved you very much . '' 
 she should have left it there , but she could see a police cruiser pulling up to the curb outside , and then a second one . 
 if she was going to do this , she had to do it now . 
 `` sometimes people go away , '' allie told them . 
 `` they do n't mean to , but they ca n't help it . 
 it 's nobody 's fault . 
 i 'll bet if she could , she 'd want to tell you that it 's okay -- that she 's okay . 
 i mean , people die , but that does n't always mean they 're gone . '' 
 then her mother and father looked to each other , then back to danny rozelli with moist eyes , and her mother said , `` allie 's not dead . '' 
 allie grinned . 
 it was so like her parents to see things that way . 
 `` of course she 's not . 
 as long as you remember her , i guess she 'll never really be dead . '' 
 `` no , '' her father said . 
 `` we mean that she 's still alive . '' 
 allie slowly lowered her spoon into the bowl , staring at them . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` she 's just asleep , danny , '' her father said . 
 `` she 's been asleep for a long , long time . '' 
 chapter 28 the sleep of the dead comatose . 
 nonresponsive . 
 persistent vegetative state . 
 all complicated words used by medical specialists to label a patient who remains unconscious . 
 you would think that the labels mean something -- that doctors know exactly what 's going on in the brain of a comatose patient . 
 but the truth is , nobody really knows anything . 
 a coma can actually mean a whole range of things , but at its heart , all it really means is that someone simply wo n't wake up . 
 allie johnson had suffered internal injuries and severe head trauma in a head-on collision . 
 she flew through the windshield , into another boy who was on his way through his own windshield . 
 nick was , of course , killed instantly , but allie was quite a fighter . 
 her heart continued to beat . 
 it was beating as they rushed her to an emergency room . 
 it was beating as they hooked her to a dozen different life-support machines . 
 it was beating as they worked on her on an operating table for five hours to repair her massive wounds , and it was still beating after all the operations were done . 
 thanks to medical science , and a body that simply would not give up , allie did not die . 
 although her wounds were severe , her damaged body eventually healed , and her brain still showed a hint of basic brainwave pattern , proving that she was not entirely brain-dead . 
 brain-dead would have been easy . 
 it would have given everyone a reason to just throw in the towel . 
 but now allie 's parents were both blessed , and cursed , with the smallest fraction of hope . 
 `` i wo n't try to sugarcoat this for you , '' the doctor had told her parents several weeks into allie 's coma . 
 `` she could wake up tomorrow , she could wake up next month , next year , or she might never wake up at all -- and even if she does , there 's a good chance she wo n't be the girl you remember . 
 her brain might be too damaged for higher cognitive functions -- right now we just do n't know . '' 
 then , in that compassionate yet heartless way that doctors have , he told allie 's distraught parents this : `` for your sake , i hope she either wakes up the same girl you knew , or dies very quickly . '' 
 but neither of those two things happened . 
 and now in a hospital somewhere , in a room somewhere , in a bed somewhere , allie johnson lies asleep unable to wake up ... ... because her soul is in everlost . 
 in her book , you do n't know jack , allie the outcast gives this as her final word on skinjacking : `` there is a truth about skinjacking that i ca n't tell you , because it 's not my place . 
 i do n't have the right . 
 it 's the reason why we can skinjack , why we do n't forget things , and why we 're different from every other afterlight in everlost . 
 it 's a truth that all skinjackers must learn for themselves -- and if you are a skinjacker , then you will learn it , because the more you skinjack , the more you are driven toward it , like a salmon fighting a current to the head of a stream . 
 i can only hope that once you do know the truth , you find the courage to face it . '' 
 chapter 29 teed for two little danny rozelli was having a bad day . 
 it began with waking up in a strange house , and now many hours later , things were n't getting any better . 
 he was talking to himself , twisting and turning in bed -- everything short of spinning his head around and vomiting pea soup . 
 in the olden days , people would have said the boy was possessed , but modern science knew better . 
 danny was just sick . 
 very , very sick . 
 `` get out of me ! '' 
 -- i ca n't ! 
 -- `` get out of me ! '' 
 -- just calm down ! 
 -- `` mom ! 
 make her get out of me ! '' 
 -- will you stop saying things like that out loud ! 
 they already think you 've gone crazy ! 
 -- danny rozelli was a willful little kid , who was still too teed off to be reasonable . 
 he had already discovered the trick of thinking out loud . 
 it gave him more power over his own body -- it helped him to stay in control . 
 unfortunately , when you think out loud , people can hear you . 
 `` danny , honey , it 's all right -- everything 's going to be all right . '' 
 but clearly danny 's mother did n't believe this , because she turned to her husband and cried , `` what do we do ? 
 what do we do ? '' 
 allie fought against the boy , and regained control of his body long enough to say , `` nothing 's wrong with me . 
 everything 's fine , '' but danny fought back , his body went into convulsions , and he wailed , `` make her leave ! '' 
 it was all allie 's fault . 
 if she had n't fallen asleep in his body , and skinjacked him for seven whole hours , none of this would have happened . 
 she should have tried to peel out of him the second she woke up that morning in her parents ' house , but no , instead she asked her parents to feed her , and over a bowl of apple jacks they told her that she was still alive . 
 alive ! 
 the news was such a sudden shock that it not only echoed in her own mind , it also woke danny up , and he began fighting his way to the surface . 
 she tried to run , but when she opened the front door , she ran right into the policeman standing there . 
 in a second even more police cruisers were showing up -- one of them bearing a distraught couple , who had woken up two blocks away to find their son missing . 
 when allie 's father had called 911 , the police had apparently put two and two together , and raced danny 's parents over for a family reunion . 
 at the time , allie was still reeling from her own revelation . 
 she was alive . 
 did that mean she could live again ? 
 could she -- dare she even think it -- could she skinjack herself ? 
 oblivious to what was going on , danny 's parents had smothered him with kisses , and the police had questioned allie 's parents as to how on earth the boy had turned up there . 
 allie did n't want to fight danny , and once they were in the police cruiser , driving away , she tried over and over again to peel herself out of the boy . 
 his body stiffened , his back arched , his eyes bulged , but allie could not get out of his body , and his parents became more and more concerned with their son 's strange behavior . 
 as the police car pulled into the rozelli 's driveway , allie finally realized the true cost of skinjacking someone for too long . 
 she was now a permanent resident in danny rozelli 's body . 
 but the worst was yet to come . 
 it was the element of surprise that gave a skinjacker the advantage . 
 a person did n't know how to defend themselves against a skinjacking , or how to fight to retain control of his or her own body -- especially against a seasoned skinjacker like allie . 
 but fleshies learn quickly . 
 each time danny 's spirit surfaced , he was stronger , more able to fight allie from the inside out , and now , half a day later , the two of them were still battling at sunset , with neither one getting the upper hand . 
 they were two evenly-matched spirits sealed into a single body , and it looked like they were going to stay that way for good . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 allie insisted , in control of danny 's mouth . 
 `` i 'm fine , really . '' 
 unfortunately danny had control of the rest of his head , and began banging it against the wall . 
 his mother began to wail , his father grabbed him and restrained him , and allie withdrew , trying to figure out a new approach to this unhappy situation . 
 she pulled way back , allowing danny to have full control of himself , but not so far back that he could force her to sleep -- for he had figured out that trick too . 
 she waited as his body relaxed , his breathing slowed , and his father , who was still restraining him , loosened his grip . 
 `` it 's all right , danny , '' he said . 
 `` we 're going to get you help . 
 i promise . '' 
 danny , tears in his eyes , nodded . 
 allie waited a minute more , then pushed her thoughts forward in a faint whisper . 
 -- danny , please listen to me -- no ! 
 he thought back to her . 
 no , no , no ! 
 but at least now he was n't shouting it out loud . 
 -- bad things will happen if you do n't listen to me -- he did n't answer her right away . 
 then he thought , what kind of bad things ? 
 -- they 'll take you away from your parents and put you in a hospital -- no ! 
 my parents wo n't let anyone do that ! 
 -- what do you think they mean when they said they 'll get you help ? 
 -- danny did n't respond to that . 
 good . 
 he was finally seeing reason . 
 -- i did n't mean to get stuck in here , danny , but i did , and we have to make the best of it . 
 now we have to be friends until i can figure out how to get out -- i do n't want to be your friend ! 
 you 're a girl ! 
 i do n't want a girl in my head ! 
 great , thought allie , that 's what i get for skinjacking a seven-year-old . 
 i heard that ! 
 and now not even her thoughts were private . 
 this was going to take a lot of getting used to . 
 -- think of me as your guardian angel , danny -- you 're an angel ? 
 -- yes , i am -- she told him , seizing onto the one idea that might make this whole thing work , -- and if you want things to be okay , you have to pretend like it already is okay . 
 you have to pretend like i 'm not here -- and then she made a decision . 
 -- i promise not to take over your body without your permission ... if you promise to calm down and act normal -- okay , thought danny , but if you start making me do girly things ... `` danny , honey , talk to me , '' said his mother . 
 `` tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 danny took a deep breath , and said , `` nothing , mom . 
 i 'm okay now . 
 i was ... i was having a bad dream , but it went away . '' 
 his mother hugged him . 
 allie was impressed that he pulled it off . 
 -- very good -- thought allie . 
 -- they 'll probably still take you to see doctors , but if you act normal , everything will be okay -- will they give me shots ? 
 -- i do n't think so -- good , thought danny , and then he asked her , will you help me with my homework sometimes ? 
 sure , thought allie . 
 why not . 
 she tried to tell herself that she 'd be okay with this -- being a backseat driver to a second-grader , but the reality of it filled her with despair . 
 everlost was gone -- she could n't see it anymore , could n't feel it . 
 it was invisible to her , just as it was to danny , or any 314other fleshie . 
 she knew her body was out there somewhere , but she had no idea where to find it -- and even if she did , she was still stuck inside this kid . 
 good going , allie . 
 do n't be sad , allie . 
 and so , for danny 's sake , she tried not to be . 
 chapter 30 a place on the mantel five hundred miles northeast of memphis , another skinjacker paced in the hindenburg 's starboard promenade . 
 `` patience , milos , '' mary said . 
 `` patience is what we need right now . '' 
 `` but why must i spend my days running petty skinjacking errands for pugsy capone ? 
 that is work for moose and squirrel , not for me ! '' 
 mary took his hand . 
 `` you 're doing it as a favor for me . '' 
 `` yes , but there is so much more i could do for you , if you let me ! 
 please ! 
 give me a task -- something you think is impossible , and i will do it . 
 i wish to show you how useful i can be for you . '' 
 more than useful , milos knew he needed to be indispensable -- otherwise how would she ever see him as an equal ? 
 `` by serving , and keeping an eye on pugsy , it frees jill to catch crossing souls . 
 she 's bringing in two and three a day , thanks to you ! '' 
 `` i could bring you more ! 
 and i do not need an amulet to do it ! '' 
 milos held her gaze for a moment , then paced away , realizing he had just opened a can of ants . 
 or was it worms ? 
 he could never get these english expressions correct . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 said mary , slowly sauntering up to him . 
 `` and how might you accomplish that ? '' 
 he was so tempted to tell mary the truth -- he owed no loyalty to jill after what she had done to him . 
 he could tell mary that jill was n't just catching souls as they crossed -- no , her role was much more active than that -- much more `` hands-on . '' 
 he wondered how jill did the deed . 
 did she use a weapon , or did she do it with her fleshie 's bare hands ? 
 the more milos thought about it , the less he wanted to know . 
 `` how would you save the children with no amulet to guide you ? '' 
 mary pressed . 
 `` tell me , i 'd like to know . '' 
 if he told mary , he suspected it would n't just turn her against jill -- it would poison her against all skinjackers . 
 if he brought down jill , he 'd bring down himself as well . 
 it was n't for jill 's sake that he kept her secret . 
 `` never mind , '' said milos , deflating . 
 `` but i do wish you would let me do something special for you . 
 something that might truly earn your trust . '' 
 `` i trust everyone until i 'm given a reason not to , '' mary told him , which was nice in theory , but ridiculous in practice -- so milos gave her a teasing grin . 
 `` and how many reasons do i give you so far ? '' 
 mary tried to suppress a smile , but failed miserably . 
 `` i 've lost count . '' 
 `` well , '' said milos , `` maybe i am after something more than trust . '' 
 he let the thought linger for a moment , then gave a slight , but courteous bow . 
 `` now if you will excuse me , i have to get pugsy some sports scores . '' 
 he turned to go , but mary was n't quite done with him yet . 
 `` you asked for an impossible task , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps i can give you one . '' 
 milos turned back to her , watching as she strode across the promenade , peering down out of the angled windows , looking at the afterlights in the court of honor . 
 the children here now played games . 
 the same games , day after day after day . 
 `` things have certainly gotten better here since my arrival , '' she told milos , `` but pugsy is really more of a hindrance than a help , do n't you agree ? '' 
 milos , who had no love of the death boss , said , `` of course i do . '' 
 `` well then , i want you to ... talk ... to pugsy . 
 i want you to persuade him to leave chicago . 
 forever . '' 
 `` i do not think this is possible , '' milos told her . 
 `` he will never leave chicago of his own free will . '' 
 mary shrugged and raised her eyebrows . 
 `` well , you said you wanted an impossible task ; there it is . '' 
 milos considered it . 
 `` persuade him , you say ... '' `` i 'm certainly not suggesting anything unseemly ... . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 you would never do such a thing . '' 
 milos came to the window beside her , `` and if i succeed ? '' 
 `` if you succeed , '' said mary , `` and pugsy ceases to be a problem , you 'll have better things to do than fetch his sports scores . '' 
 then she smiled . 
 it was n't her usual warm , welcoming smile . 
 this time it seemed steeped in intrigue and design . 
 `` tell me , have you ever been to the west , milos ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered . 
 `` i have heard stories of skinjackers who jacked their way across the mississippi , but they never returned . 
 are you planning an expedition ? '' 
 `` if you accomplish the impossible , '' mary told him . 
 `` perhaps i will too . '' 
 milos gently took her hand . 
 `` it is a pleasure to be in your service , miss hightower , governess of the east , and soon to be west . '' 
 then he raised her hand to his lips and gently kissed the silken , glowing back of her hand . 
 he knew he was being too bold , and if ever there was a moment she would throw him out , this would be it , but instead she slowly withdrew her hand , and said , `` you , milos , could be very dangerous . '' 
 to which he replied , `` is that an observation , or a request ? '' 
 that brought forth a laugh , but no answer . 
 perhaps because she was still undecided . 
 that night pugsy capone dined on lobster . 
 there was always lobster , or steak , or good old chicago pizza since mary became a part of his establishment . 
 her children diligently ventured out into the living world in search of crossed food , and her relationships with some fairly wellknown finders resulted in a trade surplus that kept pugsy in the pink . 
 whatever he wanted , it was available . 
 even his own chicago afterlights were following suit , becoming busy bees , instead of lazy oafs . 
 `` i 've been thinking of declaring myself boss over indianapolis , and then spreading east to ohio , '' he had told mary . 
 `` whadaya think ? '' 
 319 `` it sounds visionary , '' mary had told him . 
 `` stretch as far east as you like . '' 
 while he had been reluctant to join with her at first , he had to admit that they were an unstoppable team . 
 the future was looking brighter than ever before . 
 so when he was approached by moose , who told him that a truck had arrived full of tributes and gifts from the indianapolis afterlights , foul play was the last thing he suspected . 
 as he crossed the midway with moose , it did n't trouble him that his trio of bodyguards were nowhere to be found . 
 he had come to rely on them less and less since security , and a need for six-fisted intimidation , had become less of a priority . 
 he was caught off guard by the sack that was thrust over his head , and before he knew what was happening , his hands and feet were tied , and he was carried off . 
 he was dumped some time later on a wooden floor that creaked beneath him , and when the bag was ripped from his face , he was looking up at three afterlights glowing in the dark night : it was the new skinjackers . 
 all three of them . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 pugsy shouted . 
 milos was way too calm . 
 `` we are having a meeting . 
 i am so glad you could come . '' 
 as milos was a ruskie , pugsy hated him on principal . 
 it was mary who had convinced him that milos could be trusted . 
 well , mary would get an earful for this ! 
 he tried to stand but his legs were tied too tightly . 
 `` all three of you have just bought yourself a place on the mantel . '' 
 which was one of pugsy 's pet expressions for a trip to the center of the earth -- along with `` earning core time '' and `` sleeping with the magma . '' 
 `` look around you , and think again , '' said milos . 
 pugsy glanced around , and instantly knew exactly where he was . 
 this was what he affectionately called `` the submarine terminal . '' 
 it was an everlost dock on lake michigan where he would dispatch unwanted afterlights into the `` dirty deep , '' yet another pet name for the center of the earth . 
 in fact , right now , there were three others bound and gagged , with cinder blocks tied to their ankles . 
 he would have thought the work was done by his bodyguards . 
 except that they were his bodyguards . 
 now pugsy began to worry . 
 `` tell me , '' said milos , `` how many are the afterlights you have thrown from this dock ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said pugsy nervously . 
 `` i do n't keep count . '' 
 `` guess . '' 
 `` throw him off ! 
 throw him off ! '' 
 shrieked squirrel , but milos threw him a gaze that shut him up . 
 `` i said guess . '' 
 `` uh , maybe , a hundred ? 
 two hundred ? '' 
 `` just as i thought . '' 
 milos nodded to the other two , and they lifted up one of pugsy 's boys , then tossed him off the dock . 
 `` no ! '' 
 screamed pugsy . 
 then milos knelt down to him . 
 `` i have grown tired of you , '' he said . 
 `` so i am now inviting you to leave chicago . 
 i am inviting you to leave alone , and to leave now . '' 
 `` what are you , nuts ? '' 
 milos nodded to the others again , and they sent the second of pugsy 's bodyguards off to the dirty deep . 
 `` you have thirty seconds to accept my invitation . '' 
 `` mary ! '' 
 said pugsy . 
 `` go get mary ! 
 she 'll negotiate for me . 
 she 'll give you whatever you want ! '' 
 the other two laughed , and milos whispered to him , `` mary is the reason we are all here on this fine evening . '' 
 he signaled the other two , and they hurled pugsy 's last bodyguard off for serious core time . 
 then they dragged a cinder block to pugsy , and tied it around his ankles . 
 `` okay , okay , okay , i see you mean business ! 
 so i 'll tell you what . 
 you can untie me , and i 'll leave , just like you asked . 
 i 'll leave right now and i 'll never come back . 
 okay ? 
 just like you asked , okay ? '' 
 milos gave pugsy a satisfied smile . 
 then he said , `` i 'm sorry , but i can not hear you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you have ten seconds . '' 
 `` i said i 'll leave ! 
 i 'll leave ! '' 
 `` sorry , your answer must be in russian . '' 
 `` i do n't speak russian ! '' 
 `` five seconds . '' 
 `` i 'll leave-ski chicago-ski ! '' 
 `` time 's up . '' 
 he nodded to moose and squirrel . 
 `` goodbye , pugsy . '' 
 `` nooooooo ! '' 
 pugsy was lighter than the other three , so he flew much farther before hitting the lake . 
 he quickly plunged through the living-world water , as thin to him as air , and then passed into the lake bed , toward his place on -- or rather in -- the mantel . 
 as he sunk deeper and deeper into the earth , he could only hope that when he reached the center , he would n't come across anyone he sent there himself . 
 the following day , all the afterlights of chicago were called for a town meeting -- the first such meeting since pugsy announced his partnership with mary some weeks ago . 
 now mary stood on the same balcony , looking out over the crowd . 
 this time , however , pugsy was absent . 
 instead she stood with speedo beside her . 
 milos was there , too , but he lingered in the background , along with a silently aggravated jackin ' jill . 
 `` you should n't be up here at all , '' jill told milos . 
 `` i earned the right to be here , but what have you done ? '' 
 `` not much , '' milos told her . 
 `` just what was necessary . '' 
 she was unimpressed . 
 `` where 's pugsy ? '' 
 asked jill , glancing around . 
 `` he 's never late when he calls a town meeting . '' 
 `` pugsy did not call it , '' milos said casually . 
 at the front of the balcony mary looked down on the crowd . 
 speedo , having been a finder , was still intimidated by large vapors of afterlights . 
 finders were usually hunted down by such mobs , accused of unfair trading . 
 it did n't help that he was eternally in a wet bathing suit , displaying a bare belly in a pasty shade of pale . 
 he could never get used to being mary 's right-hand man -- and he suspected she was now grooming milos for the position . 
 speedo , who had no desire for power beyond the horsepower of an airship engine , would be more than happy to slip into the background when the time came -- and he hoped it came soon . 
 `` look at all of them , '' said mary . 
 `` it hardly seems appropriate to call them a ` vapor of afterlights ' anymore . '' 
 `` more like an entire cloud , '' suggested speedo . 
 `` a cumulus ! '' 
 said mary , delighted with herself . 
 `` a cumulus of afterlights ! '' 
 their numbers had indeed grown . 
 a census upon mary 's arrival revealed there to be 783 afterlights in chicago , including the ones she brought with her . 
 but once word got out that mary had settled in for an extended stay , stray afterlights began to wander in to the columbian exhibition grounds -- more each day . 
 those , plus the new arrivals waking into everlost for the first time , brought their numbers close to a thousand now . 
 nick had stolen from her more than a thousand souls . 
 now she had them back , and with pugsy gone , she did n't have to share them with anyone . 
 this was truly a day for celebration . 
 `` afterlights of chicago , '' she announced to the crowd . 
 `` it is with the utmost of mixed feelings that i must announce that pugsy capone has chosen to leave us . '' 
 the crowd murmured in excitement , mingled with doubt . 
 `` he has decided to travel , and has taken a permanent leave of absence . 
 i 'm sure you all join me in wishing him everything he deserves , wherever his journey takes him . '' 
 it began as a smattering of applause , that grew into cheers , as the crowd realized exactly what mary was telling them . 
 `` as pugsy will not be coming back , i am pleased to accept the position as governess of chicago . '' 
 the cheers reached a fever pitch . 
 `` listen to them , speedo ! '' 
 mary whispered . 
 `` do you see how happy they are to finally be freed ! '' 
 `` where did pugsy go ? '' 
 speedo asked her . 
 `` milos was so kind as to convince him to leave . '' 
 she turned back to give milos a much-earned smile . 
 `` it 's probably best if we do n't know the details , do n't you agree ? '' 
 mary turned back to the crowd and resumed addressing them . 
 `` since my arrival , there have been many changes here , and there will be many more to come . 
 my goal is to bring your quality of death to the highest possible level . 
 many of you have found your own `` special activity '' to make each and every day your personal perfect day . 
 for those of you still searching , my door is always open . 
 i pledge to help you in every way i can . '' 
 the crowd seemed a bit less enthusiastic at the prospect of a gloriously repetitive eternity , but that was all right . 
 they would come to see the wisdom of mary 's way . 
 they always did . 
 milos was called for an audience with mary in her promenade . 
 he assumed it was a private audience . 
 milos already knew she spoke to no one else as candidly as she spoke to him . 
 he had to believe that it meant something . 
 that he meant something . 
 he came with a chilled bottle of champagne that he found in pugsy 's wine cellar mixed in with all the bottles of root beer , and two champagne flutes . 
 when he arrived , however , he found the audience was anything but private . 
 `` milos , i 'm glad you 're here , '' mary said , not even noticing the champagne . 
 speedo was there , and there was another afterlight as well -- one who milos had never seen before . 
 he sat in the red leather armchair -- the one that used to be pugsy 's -- and mary was offering him candy from her private stash . 
 `` he 's one of mary 's long-distance scouts , '' speedo explained , `` and he just got back . '' 
 apparently he was an important player in mary 's war against `` the forces of dark chocolate , '' as she liked to call it . 
 the boy then tilted his head back , opened his mouth , and closed his eyes . 
 the others , who knew what was coming , ducked , just as the boy released an earth-shaking sneeze . 
 milos was the only one caught unawares , and was splattered with more unspeakable ecto-stuff than ought to be allowed in any universe . 
 `` i 'm sorry , milos , '' said mary . 
 `` i should have warned you . 
 but every talent comes with its own stumbling block , and the sniffer is no exception . '' 
 she turned to the boy . 
 `` you really should cover your mouth when you sneeze . '' 
 `` i know , but i always forget . '' 
 speedo rose from the chair he had hidden behind , and threw a rag to milos to clean himself , but it was much too small to do the job . 
 mary was not bothered by the deluge -- she would have someone clean it later . 
 what mattered was the news the sniffer brought back with him . 
 and what news it was ! 
 `` how marvelous ! 
 how absolutely marvelous ! '' 
 she said after he told her what he had learned . 
 it was exactly the information she needed . 
 she now knew not only nick 's location , but the size of his vapor , and where he was going . 
 and as for this `` ripper '' he seemed to have acquired , how much damage could she do , really ? 
 the ripper was just one against a thousand . 
 mary stood up , her plan already taking shape in her mind . 
 she would see nick again , and she would see him soon ... but it would be on her terms . 
 `` well , if the chocolate ogre has gone to memphis to find allie the outcast , i think we should meet him there . 
 a thousand of ours -- against four hundred of his ! '' 
 milos just stood there , a little shell-shocked by the sudden shift of direction . 
 it was the first time she noticed he held a bottle of ... was that champagne ? 
 speedo , as always , was wary . 
 `` you had a thousand last time ... and you know what happened . '' 
 the memory only made mary more determined . 
 `` last time he went behind my back . 
 so this time , we 'll sneak behind his ! '' 
 `` there 's one more thing , '' the sniffer said . 
 `` i smelled something ... nasty ... that was also moving toward memphis . 
 i 'm not sure what it was , but if i did n't know better , i 'd think it was the mcgill . '' 
 it caught mary off guard . 
 she felt her afterglow sputter liked a burner low on gas . 
 she hoped no one saw it . 
 `` the mcgill no longer exists , '' she proclaimed . 
 `` in fact , he never did . 
 speedo ! 
 make a note that i should point out the nonexistence of the mcgill in my next book . '' 
 `` yes , miss mary . '' 
 and then she turned to milos . 
 he still stood there dripping with the sniffer 's unpleasantness . 
 even so , she found she wanted to embrace him , but restrained herself . 
 `` milos , i asked you to be patient , and now your patience will be rewarded . '' 
 then she went to her bookshelf . 
 `` we will defeat the ogre in memphis , and from there we will begin our crusade to unite the east and the west . '' 
 mary ran her finger over the book spines , then pulled out the heavy volume on civil engineering . 
 milos was amused . 
 `` do n't tell me -- you wish me to build a bridge in your honor ! '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 she held it out to him . 
 `` i want you to study this -- because in this book are the blueprints for every bridge that crosses the mississippi river . '' 
 `` yes , but these are all living-world bridges , '' milos pointed out . 
 `` they are of no use to us . '' 
 mary put the book firmly into his hands . 
 `` come now , milos , '' she said with a smile that , on anyone else but mary hightower , might be called wicked , `` i think you 're much smarter than that . '' 
 she sent milos to clean up , and requested she meet him in the non-slimed portside promenade , on the opposite side of the ship , when he was done . 
 milos was still reeling from this change in circumstance . 
 all of them leaving chicago , a war with the chocolate ogre , and the possibility of allie being brought into the mix . 
 but then this might not be a bad thing . 
 this battle could provide him an opportunity to make himself truly indispensable to mary . 
 and what if milos could bring allie in -- even if only as a prisoner ? 
 that would certainly win him huge points . 
 the portside promenade was a mirror image of the starboard promenade , except that it still had the airship 's original furniture . 
 mary told him she was planning to gut it , and turn it into a playroom for the younger children , but had n't gotten around to it yet . 
 when milos arrived , all squeaky-clean , mary had already opened the champagne , and poured two glasses . 
 `` i never usually consume spirits , '' mary told him , `` but i suppose we have a lot to celebrate . '' 
 milos hesitated . 
 `` consume spirits ? '' 
 `` drink alcohol , '' mary explained . 
 `` what on earth did you think i meant ? '' 
 milos just chuckled in his own embarrassment , which seemed to please her . 
 `` let 's toast , '' she said . 
 `` what shall we toast to ? '' 
 `` to the governess of the east , and soon to be west , '' suggested milos . 
 `` the beautiful catcher of lost souls . '' 
 mary 's thoughts seemed to darken when he said it , but she clinked glasses anyway . 
 she took a sip , put her glass down , and strode away from him . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 she paused , looking out of the window . 
 `` saving the children of the world is not always an easy thing , '' she said . 
 `` but the end does justify the means , would n't you agree ? '' 
 `` sometimes , yes . '' 
 milos cautiously moved closer to her . 
 she still looked out of the window , a convenient way to avoid his gaze . 
 `` there 's much work to do , but before we begin , there 's something you need to know , and something i need to find out . '' 
 then she offered him a confession . 
 `` as much as i despise stepping out into the course of living events , there are times it must be done , '' she told him . 
 `` there is an appliance store not too far from here . 
 in it are many of those television machines , and they often display the news of the day . '' 
 she began to rub her arms as if she was cold . 
 `` i was there , in search of something in particular , and i found it . 
 there was a report of a dreadful car accident -- a terrible thing . 
 witnesses claimed that the driver actually swerved to hit pedestrians , but the driver claims to have no memory of it whatsoever . 
 imagine that . '' 
 milos took a nervous sip of his champagne . 
 `` strange things do happen in the living world . '' 
 `` yes , they do , '' agreed mary . 
 `` but i do n't think it was an accident at all . 
 and i do n't think the driver was himself that day . '' 
 milos withheld his opinion . 
 `` and ... were any lives lost ? '' 
 `` what a curious expression . 
 how can a life be lost when you know exactly where it is ? '' 
 mary said . 
 `` two children did leave the world of the living , if that 's what you mean . 
 the news was kind enough to show their photographs , but i had already seen their faces . 
 jill had brought them both into the incubator earlier that day . 
 of course they were asleep , but i still recognized them . '' 
 finally she turned to him . 
 `` you knew , did n't you ? 
 do n't lie to me , milos . '' 
 `` i am truly sorry , '' was all milos dared to say . 
 `` sorry that i found out , or sorry you did n't tell me that jill 's amulet was fake ? '' 
 he looked at the bubbles in his champagne , feeling all his hope begin to extinguish . 
 milos had no idea what mary would do now . 
 would she throw him out ? 
 would she have both him and jill hurled off the pier to join pugsy ? 
 directness and honesty , thought milos . 
 that 's what mary respects . 
 and so rather than wasting his breath trying to spin things to his favor , he simply told her the truth . 
 `` i was afraid to tell you . 
 i thought you might blame all skinjackers for what jill was doing . 
 i feared that you might send us away . 
 that you might send me away . 
 but i 'm not like jill ... . '' 
 and instead of throwing him out , mary tapped her champagne glass very gently to his and said , `` do you really think i am so shortsighted as to let you go , milos ? '' 
 he did n't think he was supposed to answer , so he did n't . 
 `` it does change things , though , '' she said . 
 `` since we do n't have to wait for accidents , i can increase jill 's quota . '' 
 `` increase ... jill 's quota ? '' 
 milos was stunned . 
 `` the more opportunities we have to save innocent children from the living world , the better , do n't you agree ? '' 
 as mary 's words tumbled through milos 's mind , he knew there were two sides to which they could fall . 
 the side of terror , or the side of wonder . 
 he also instinctively knew that the choice he made now would define his entire afterlife -- it was , in fact , the very focal point of his existence . 
 milos had always considered himself a good person at heart . 
 admittedly , he leaned toward serving his own best interests , but in an enlightened way -- always in a way that helped others even as it helped himself . 
 `` milos , are you all right ? 
 did you hear me ? '' 
 terror or wonder ? 
 to which side would it fall ? 
 he still was n't sure , yet he forced a smile , and took a step closer . 
 `` you never cease to amaze me , '' he said , which was true . 
 `` i understand that skinjackers ca n't skinjack forever , '' mary said , `` and that jill has been skinjacking much longer than you . '' 
 `` jill has been in everlost for more than twenty years , i have been here for four , '' he told her . 
 `` i do not think she will be able to skinjack for much longer . '' 
 she looked at him a bit differently than before , as if she were searching his eyes , and milos held the gaze , hoping she would find whatever she was looking for . 
 `` i know you 're not like jill , '' she said , `` but there may come a time that i will need you to do what she does ... . '' 
 they were standing close now . 
 close enough to be deep within each other 's afterglow . 
 `` if i asked you to , milos , would you do it for me ? '' 
 he knew the question was coming , but he did n't want to believe she would ask it . 
 there was no more hiding behind a gentle gaze and inscrutable eyes . 
 he needed to make a choice . 
 what mary called `` saving innocent children , '' would be called something very different in the living world . 
 it would be called murder . 
 would he do that for mary ? 
 should he ? 
 his own words came back to him . 
 `` you should never be afraid to tell anyone ` no ' , '' he had once told allie -- but if he said no to mary , he would lose everything . 
 he would lose her . 
 losing mary was not an option for milos , and once he realized that -- once he realized what he truly wanted , the choice became clear . 
 `` would you do it , milos ? 
 would you do it if i asked ? '' 
 he took mary 's hand , and his afterglow blushed lavender . 
 `` yes , '' he told her . 
 `` i would do anything for you . '' 
 332 333 part six city of the dead in her book order first , question later , mary hightower offers us her personal insights on the art of war : `` to bring about order in a chaotic world , one must , on occasion , resort to large-scale conflict . 
 weaponry and the size of one 's army are certainly factors -- but far more important are brains and righteous convictions . 
 in the living world it seems right-thinking people are often trampled beneath the filthy boots of impure ideas . 
 however , i like to believe that , at least in everlost , good will triumph over evil . '' 
 chapter 31 on the banks of eternity the city of memphis is gone . 
 this once great river city -- the very center of civilization -- now lies in ruins , eternally buried by time and river silt . 
 that is to say , the egyptian city of memphis , capital of ancient egypt when that kingdom was at its height , over 3,000 years ago . 
 the great palaces have crumbled , and the towering stone obelisks , once wonders of the upper and lower nile , have fallen like trees , and now lay hidden beneath farmland . 
 across the nile river from memphis , on its western bank , was the necropolis : the city of the dead , containing the tombs and burial chambers of egypt . 
 it seems all cultures respect the awesome and mystical nature of a great river -- how it can divide life from death , here from there , known from unknown . 
 no one has ever accused memphis , tennessee , of being the center of civilization , although it does have its moments . 
 it , too , lies on a great dividing river -- a gateway to the west . 
 at least it 's a gateway in the living world . 
 in everlost , however , it is a city of relentless wind , and marks an inexplicable barrier to the west ... which makes it interesting to note that memphis , egypt , was also known as ineb-hedj or `` the white wall . '' 
 to the living world , the kingdoms of egypt are ancient history -- because in the living world , even that which is considered permanent is always proven to be temporary . 
 to the living , eternity is a concept , not a reality -- and yet they know it exists . 
 the living do not see eternity , just as they do n't see everlost , but they sense both in ways that they do n't even know . 
 they do n't feel the everlost barrier set across the mississippi river , and yet no one had ever dared to draw city boundaries that straddle both sides of its waters . 
 the living do not see afterlights , and yet everyone has had times when they 've felt a presence near them -- sometimes comforting , sometimes not -- but always strong enough to make one turn around and look over one 's shoulder . 
 look behind you now . 
 do you feel in your heart a slight hastening of its beat , and a powerful sense that something momentous is about to happen ? 
 ... perhaps , then , this is the hour that mary hightower takes to the sky with a thousand afterlights heading toward memphis . 
 ... perhaps this is the moment that nick , the chocolate ogre , arrives in that same city in search of allie , only to find that he has no idea where to look . 
 ... perhaps this is the very instant that a monster called the mcgill arrives there as well , aching to ease his pain by sharing his misery -- not only with his new minions , but with anyone he can . 
 ... and perhaps you can sense , in some small twisting loop of your gut , the convergence of the wrong , of the right , and of the woefully misguided . 
 if you do , then pay sharp attention to the moment you wake , and the moment you fall asleep ... . 
 for maybe then you will know , without a shadow of a doubt , which is which . 
 chapter 32 the low approach nick had no idea that this day would lead him right into a vortex -- and not just any vortex , but one of the most dangerous ones everlost had to offer . 
 all he knew was that nothing was going according to plan . 
 the moment nick had heard allie was in memphis , he was convinced that he was destined to find her . 
 he was certain that he would arrive , and there she would be . 
 how foolish . 
 did he expect her to be standing there in the middle of beale street waiting for him ? 
 he had teams search the city for days , battling that soulnumbing wind , but they did n't find a single afterlight in memphis , or a single clue as to allie 's whereabouts . 
 a scout had returned from st. louis , claiming the mississippi wind was no better in that city . 
 he spoke of rumors that mary hightower was farther north . 
 michigan , perhaps , or illinois . 
 charlie , who wanted to map more of the midwest rails , was urging him to head north , but nick would n't have it . 
 they could face mary without allie , but having allie there simply felt ... right . 
 the sum of the parts would be greater than the whole . 
 it would make them complete . 
 it would make him complete . 
 `` allie the outcast is here ! '' 
 he told his restless troops . 
 `` i can feel it . '' 
 and he could . 
 that connection , forged the moment they were born into everlost , told him that she was right under his nose , if only he knew where to look . 
 `` keep searching ! '' 
 he told them , sounding more like an ogre by the minute . 
 then , on their sixth day in memphis , johnnie-o approached him with some news . 
 `` she 's coming , '' johnnie-o said . 
 by the tone of his voice , and the look on his face , and the way he cracked his knuckles , nick knew he did n't mean allie . 
 `` somehow mary knew we were here ! '' 
 nick stood from his chair . 
 it was getting increasingly harder for him to rise , and as he walked forward , he dragged his feet , leaving chocolate skid marks on the ground . 
 `` how close is she ? '' 
 nick asked . 
 johnnie-o cracked a knuckle , the sound as penetrating as a sonar ping . 
 `` stop that , '' nick said . 
 `` for all we know she has a kid with big enough ears to hear that a hundred miles away . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 johnnie-o looked deeply worried , and he was not an afterlight who was easily intimidated . 
 `` how close is she ? '' 
 nick asked again . 
 `` you 're not gon na like it , '' johnnie-o said . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 johnnie-o let his large hands fall limp by his side . 
 `` she 's already in the city . 
 less than two miles away . '' 
 nick stared at him incredulously . 
 how could that be ? 
 everywhere they went , they sent scouts out for ten miles in all directions , searching the skies for the hindenburg . 
 if there was one thing mary hightower could not do in an airship , it was sneak up on them . 
 `` how could she get so close ? '' 
 `` i think maybe we were all looking too high , '' said johnnie-o , nervously cracking his knuckles again . 
 two miles away , a hundred afterlights holding ropes heaved themselves forward , dragging behind them a giant airship . 
 inch by inch it moved , its belly practically crawling across the ground . 
 mary had been unconvinced that the western wind was the obstacle others claimed it was . 
 still , she had speedo conduct the airship due south from chicago , and did n't turn west until they were over tennessee airspace . 
 as memphis had begun to loom in the distance , their airspeed slowed , and the airship 's rudder strained hopelessly to keep them on a western course . 
 when it became clear they would get no closer by air , mary had speedo set the ship down , and arranged for an alternate method of propulsion . 
 a hundred afterlights were chosen for the team that would pull the hindenburg forward toward memphis , straining against an increasingly powerful wind . 
 it was amazing how a ship that was supposed to be lighter than air could feel heavier to drag than a stone obelisk . 
 fortunately , obstacles in the living world were not obstacles at all , for the airship passed through living forests and buildings -- and although it was difficult for the team of pullers to struggle for traction in the bog of the living world , mary 's children always did what they were told . 
 within the airship , the rest of mary 's kids filled the rigid aluminum frame , resting on catwalks , finding space between the huge hydrogen bladders . 
 mary had briefed them personally on their part in the upcoming mission , and now an air of excitement filled the hollow spaces of the giant craft , like the static electricity that brought the airship to everlost in the first place . 
 she had left behind a dozen of her most well-trained followers in chicago to tend to the sleeping interlights -- more than two hundred of them when she left . 
 she did n't know when she would return to chicago , but when she did , there would be a fine community of afterlights , all brought up with the benefit of her teachings . 
 as the grounded airship crawled toward memphis , mary tried to quell her own anticipation by taking the most frightened of her children to her in the starboard promenade , and telling them whatever comforting stories she could remember from the living world . 
 fairy tales with endings she tweaked toward the positive . 
 happily-ever-afters fabricated where none existed before . 
 still , the children were on edge . 
 `` what if the ogre attacks us before we get there ? '' 
 one of her children asked . 
 `` he wo n't , '' mary told him , for as much as mary wanted the world to think that nick was a ruthless monster , she knew he was not . 
 he would try diplomacy before waging an all-out war . 
 in fact her whole strategy counted on it . 
 at noon , she could see from her windows that the airship was no longer laboring forward , for the many afterlights straining to drag it had reached an impasse against the wind . 
 this was as far as they would go ... which meant the time had come to finally make an opening gesture to nick . 
 a letter -- which she wrote and rewrote until she was sure it was just right . 
 she crafted it to make sure he could read nothing between the lines . 
 it would not reveal the feelings she still had for him -- mainly because she could n't be sure he still felt the same way for her . 
 and besides , after today , those feelings would no longer matter . 
 once the letter was ready , she sealed it with old-fashioned sealing wax stamped with an m , then she called for one of her fastest runners . 
 `` i need a brave messenger , '' mary told her . 
 `` can i count on you ? '' 
 the girl nodded enthusiastically , thrilled to be able to please her . 
 `` i need you to go to the ogre 's train as quickly as you can -- speedo will tell you the way -- and bring the ogre this letter . 
 you must hand it to the ogre personally , and to no one else . '' 
 the girl no longer looked enthusiastic but terrified , so mary put a gentle hand on her shoulder . 
 `` the ogre is a terrible creature to be sure -- but this letter will keep you under my protection . 
 as long as you are brave and true , and do not accept anything the ogre offers , i promise you will remain safe . '' 
 `` yes , miss mary . '' 
 after the girl was gone , mary took some time to revel in her plan , and to mourn over it as well , because much would be lost today . 
 milos and the skinjackers were already out in the world , using their talents , and manifesting their own destinies on her behalf . 
 the trap had been set for nick , and all that remained was to spring it . 
 `` i 'll set out on foot , '' mary told speedo . 
 `` you know what to do while i 'm gone . '' 
 speedo did n't look pleased . 
 `` why do you have to go alone ? '' 
 `` an entourage will invite suspicion , '' mary answered . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` do you ? 
 i agree it 's a good idea to meet with him on neutral ground -- but why meet him at a vortex ? 
 are n't vortexes dangerous ? '' 
 `` vortices , '' corrected mary , `` are only dangerous if one does n't understand the danger , and i do . 
 we have reliable information on the memphis vortex , and it is exactly what we need . '' 
 she turned away from speedo then , for she knew her face gave away certain emotions she preferred to keep to herself . 
 she comforted herself with thoughts of her larger purpose in everlost . 
 all those chosen to lead were asked to make painful sacrifices to prove themselves worthy . 
 and today mary would sacrifice her love . 
 in her book caution , this means you , mary hightower devotes the following bullet point to vortices . 
 `` vortices are both the bane and blessing of everlost . 
 on the positive side , unexpected objects have been known to cross into everlost through one vortex or another . 
 however , on a less pleasant note , vortices will affect afterlights in very undesirable ways . 
 if you suspect that you 've come across a vortex , it is best to steer clear of it , and report it to an authority . '' 
 chapter 33 suspicious minds in the varied and multilayered quilt of creation , one might say that vortices are the points where the surface is attached to the lining . 
 in other words , a vortex is a spot that exists both in everlost and the living world simultaneously . 
 who can say what creates them ? 
 perhaps it is the constant attention of the living that does it -- for all vortices exist in spots that are the focus of human scrutiny . 
 the living , of course , have only the slightest clue about the supernatural nature of these black holes of consciousness . 
 rare sightings of afterlights , visible only in infrared light , perhaps -- or recorded afterlight voices that can only be heard at twenty times the normal volume . 
 odd smells , or unexpected chills -- but nothing more than that . 
 in everlost , however , the effect of a vortex can be immense . 
 any afterlight that steps on the pitcher 's mound in old yankee stadium will be sent flying toward home plate at 107 miles per hour -- the speed at which billy wagner threw the world 's fastest pitch on that very spot . 
 any afterlight that stands directly beneath the capital dome in washington , dc , will suffer the simultaneous bombardment of every speech ever delivered in congress and the house of representatives , causing instant and irreversible insanity . 
 and any afterlight that enters any department of motor vehicles in the western world will discover that time does n't just stop , it ceases to exist entirely . 
 the memphis vortex is a unique one , because it affects every afterlight differently . 
 one boy , for instance , had walked in on a dare . 
 his most prominent feature was a sizeable afro that was his pride and joy -- even larger in everlost than it had been when he was alive . 
 he stepped into the vortex , and ten minutes later rolled out as a six-foot furball with eyes . 
 an afterlight girl so self-conscious about her braces that they had already doubled in size in her mouth , stumbled into the vortex to satisfy her own curiosity . 
 when she left , she found her entire head encased in wires , brackets , and gum-bands . 
 and then there was the afterlight who was somewhat sensitive to odors . 
 he passed through the vortex , and emerged with a supernaturally acute sense of smell , along with highly irritable sinuses . 
 the memphis vortex is a place of excess . 
 that is to say , whatever you bring in with you , you leave with tenfold . 
 while in everlost it is known as the intolerable nexus of extremes , the living have a different name for it . 
 the living call it graceland . 
 the mississippi wind kept most afterlights away from memphis , so only a few afterlights knew of the strange and curious properties of graceland , and the rumors faded the farther one got from the place . 
 mary hightower , however , was now privy to firsthand information . 
 after hearing the sniffer 's account of his own personal experience there , mary concluded , with both excitement and remorse , that this was the place she must meet nick . 
 in fact , she believed it was the destined place for their meeting , chosen , perhaps , by the almighty himself . 
 mary had no fear of the vortex , because the way she saw it , she could not be any more right than she already was . 
 dearest nick , it appears our paths cross again . 
 while i detest the very idea of putting my children at risk , i will defend what i know to be true . 
 it would be foolish of you to battle us , however . 
 i have more than two hundred loyal afterlights -- certainly we outnumber you . 
 i propose a meeting at a neutral location . 
 i have been advised that the mansion at graceland is a comfortable place for such a meeting . 
 i will be there waiting for you today at five o'clock pm . 
 i feel confident we will be able to either resolve our differences , or reach an acceptable compromise . 
 most humbly yours , miss mary hightower the girl who had brought the note looked terrified . 
 nick smiled to ease her fear , but he knew his smile no longer appeared comforting . 
 most of it flowed into a dark dripping frown which made the girl back away into johnnie-o , who stood behind her . 
 used to be kids were more frightened by johnnie-o and his power-knuckles than they were of nick . 
 `` thank you , '' nick told her . 
 then he reached for the bucket , which he still kept close , and with his good hand he pulled out a coin . 
 `` as payment for bringing me this message , i 'm going to offer you a reward . '' 
 he turned the coin in his fingers . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 `` mary says it 's evil . '' 
 `` do you believe that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said the girl quickly . 
 then after a moment . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' she regarded it for a moment more , clearly tempted . 
 then she asked , `` what will you do to me if i do n't take it ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' said nick . 
 `` just because i 'm offering it to you does n't mean you have to take it . '' 
 he was surprised by the question , but he supposed he should n't be . 
 the lies that mary must have told her children about him were woven so deeply into their minds , it would take more than a chocolate smile to win them over . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to take anything from you , sir . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 go back to mary and tell her the chocolate ogre says yes . 
 i 'll meet her . '' 
 the girl left as quickly as she could , and nick showed the note to johnnie-o . 
 `` two hundred afterlights ? '' 
 said johnnie-o . 
 `` if all she has are two hundred , we outnumber her two to one ! 
 we could take them on right now ! '' 
 he pounded his fist into his palm . 
 `` sneak attack ! '' 
 `` we could , but we wo n't . 
 this is about freeing , not fighting -- never forget that . '' 
 `` yeah , but you got an army back there waiting to bust some heads . '' 
 `` we 're in everlost , '' nick reminded him . 
 `` heads do n't bust . '' 
 but johnnie-o still was n't satisfied . 
 nick sighed . 
 `` you 'll have your fight , '' nick admitted -- as much to himself as to johnnie-o . 
 `` mary 's got them so brainwashed , they 'll fight us rather than take their coins . '' 
 `` then we 'll force 'em '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` we 'll make 'em take their coins , and if they do n't , we 'll push 'em down into the dirt . 
 good riddance ! '' 
 a surge of anger raged through nick , and for a moment his chocolate ran as dark as licorice . 
 he grabbed johnnie-o by the shirt , and his voice became a deep liquid roar . 
 `` that 's not the way we do things around here ! '' 
 johnnie-o was not intimidated . 
 `` you 're the one who wanted an army , '' he said . 
 `` what did you think an army was for ? '' 
 johnnie-o 's point struck deep . 
 the idea of gathering a fighting force was one thing -- but actually using it was another . 
 nick might have been a good leader , but he was no warlord . 
 his anger faded , and he let his chocolate arm slip from johnnie-o 's shirt , leaving behind a nasty brown stain in the middle of his chest . 
 `` once mary 's defeated , we 'll free the ones we can , '' nick said . 
 `` and if they wo n't take their coins ? '' 
 johnnie-o asked . 
 `` then we take them as prisoners of war , '' nick told him . 
 johnnie-o nodded , but his expression was still one of worry . 
 `` y ' know ... you ca n't fight her if you love her . '' 
 all this time it had been an unspoken rule that they never spoke of nick 's feelings toward mary . 
 but maybe johnnie-o was right to bring it up . 
 `` i fought her before , and i won , '' nick reminded him . 
 `` yes , but this time , she 'll be ready . '' 
 nick closed his eyes , and searched for something in himself more sturdy than chocolate . 
 `` so will i. '' the note from mary had come shortly after noon , but it was more than an hour before nick called for zin . 
 he wanted some solitude , some silence so he could find a sense of resolve , but the mississippi wind whistled over the train , making it difficult to feel anything but uneasy . 
 his good intentions had become like the chocolate devouring him -- sweet and rich , but also muddy and debilitating . 
 he had become too much of a good thing . 
 now he sat with a full bucket of coins that could free countless afterlights , but how many had he freed since he began to build his army ? 
 none . 
 he began to wonder how much different he was from mary after all . 
 `` so , is this it , then ? '' 
 zin asked , as she stepped up into the parlor car . 
 `` do we got our date with the devil today ? '' 
 `` sit down , '' nick told her . 
 `` i prefer not to , sir , '' she said . 
 `` ai n't no chair clean enough in this train car . '' 
 and she was right , so he did n't force her . 
 `` mary has called for a meeting . 
 we 'll take a team with us , but once we get there , you and i will go in alone , '' he told her . 
 `` bring paper -- i 'll tell her you 're there to write up a treaty . '' 
 `` johnnie-o 's been teachin ' me readin ' but we have n't got to writin ' yet . '' 
 `` that does n't matter -- because when i give the word , you 're going to drop everything , and cram mary like there 's no tomorrow . '' 
 nick had played it out dozens of different ways until he saw the whole thing clearly in his mind . 
 he would be there with mary , engaged in a polite , but guarded conversation of diplomacy . 
 he would string her along until he felt the moment was right , then he would make his move . 
 i have a gift for you , he would tell her . 
 the finest gift in the universe , and it 's all for you . 
 he would step forward , and he would kiss her . 
 a final kiss . 
 then zin would grab her , and begin to push , until mary was thrust through to the other side , into the living world , just as zin had done to kudzu . 
 mary would be alive , with nothing but the clothes on her back , and the sweet taste of chocolate on her lips . 
 i will not only save everlost from you , but i will save you from yourself . 
 i will give you the precious gift of life , mary . 
 because i love you . 
 `` what if i ca n't do it , sir ? '' 
 said zin . 
 `` crammin ' kudzu was near impossible , and a person 's bigger than a dog . '' 
 he put his good hand on her shoulder . 
 `` your whole afterlife has been leading to this , '' he told her . 
 `` i have every faith in you , zin . '' 
 chapter 34 poolside rendezvous several of nick 's scouts had gone down danny rozelli 's street , and one even walked right through the boy , but they were looking for a teenage afterlight girl , not a live seven-year-old boy . 
 a needle in a haystack did n't come close . 
 within danny rozelli were two sets of thoughts , two minds , two histories , and with each day it was getting harder and harder for danny and allie to recall whose memories were whose . 
 now they both fell asleep at the same moment , awoke at the same moment , and when they dreamed , they dreamed as one . 
 it was late august , and the school year had just started . 
 life was slipping into a regular routine . 
 allie tried to imagine growing up , and growing old as a lifelong tenant in someone else 's body . 
 would there come a time when she could accept life as the other half of danny rozelli ? 
 in these two weeks they had learned each other 's rhythms and patterns like siamese twins , and were quickly adapting to a life for two in a single body . 
 and what of her own body ? 
 it was lying somewhere in any one of a dozen hospitals -- and that was just if she was in memphis . 
 she tried calling a few , but never got very far . 
 `` honey , why do n't you put your mama on the phone ? '' 
 the receptionists would invariably say . 
 it was hard to get respect as a seven-year-old . 
 -- this is not who i wanted to be -- allie thought . 
 -- me neither -- danny thought right back at her , but both of their protests were getting weaker every day . 
 they were becoming resigned to a shared existence . 
 then the pool cleaners came . 
 they came the same day that mary arrived in memphis and sent her letter to nick , but allie had no way of knowing that , or anything else that went on in everlost . 
 as long as she was stuck in a living body , all she could see was the living world . 
 late that afternoon , allie and danny were out in the yard playing handball against a side wall . 
 it was one of the benefits of their particular condition ; there was always someone to play with . 
 allie would hit the ball , then pull back , letting danny take his turn . 
 they had become skilled at switching back and forth at will . 
 neither fought for control anymore . 
 it was like riding a tandem bike . 
 allie scored a point . 
 `` aw ! 
 no fair ! '' 
 danny said . 
 -- quiet -- allie thought to him -- your mother will hear you talking to yourself -- but when they looked up , it was n't his mother standing there , instead it was a man holding a blue pole with a net on the end , and a second man a few feet behind him . 
 -- it 's okay -- danny told allie -- it 's just the pool guys -- the head pool guy was a middle-aged man with a frayed baseball cap and beard stubble . 
 his assistant was a punk with skull tattoos and a limp mohawk on the verge of surrender . 
 `` hi , curtis ! 
 hi , chainsaw , '' said danny , brightly . 
 `` pool 's real dirty . 
 s'got lots of leaves and bugs today . '' 
 `` guess we 'll have to see about that , '' said curtis , but neither man moved . 
 chainsaw glanced at the house , where danny 's mom could be heard talking on the phone , completely engrossed in her conversation . 
 `` c'mon , i 'll show you , '' danny said . 
 he led them to the pool , and pointed at one of the drains . 
 `` see -- it 's all clogged . '' 
 but the pool guys were n't here for a service call today . 
 `` i wish to talk to allie now , '' curtis said . 
 danny recoiled out of shock , pulling far back inside himself like a kid finding strangers at the front door . 
 allie pushed forward to fill the void . 
 she could feel danny 's heartbeat instantly begin to race . 
 he wanted to run -- he wanted to tear into the house , but allie did n't let him . 
 maybe she should have , but she did n't let him go . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 curtis smiled , and allie instantly knew . 
 it was hard to see him behind the beer belly and beard stubble , but she knew . 
 `` milos ? '' 
 `` so you are in there ! '' 
 he looked down at her with a furrowed unibrow . 
 `` i thought you went home . 
 is this ... home for you ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? 
 does it look like i 'm back in my own body ? '' 
 and she could n't help but add , `` this might not have happened if you would have told me that skinjackers ' bodies are all still alive ! '' 
 -- who is that , allie ? 
 that 's not curtis ! 
 i do n't like this ! 
 -- -- just let me handle this , danny -- allie looked over at chainsaw , noticing the way he shifted from one foot to the other , looking around like ninjas might leap out and attack him at any moment . 
 `` and that 's squirrel , i presume . '' 
 `` c'mon , c'mon , '' squirrel said . 
 `` we found her , now let 's just get out of here . '' 
 `` how did you even find me ? '' 
 `` a friend of ours . 
 he was able to sniff you out . '' 
 milos took a good look her , and shook curtis 's head . 
 `` so much you did not know about skinjacking . 
 if you had just stayed with us ... '' `` fine ! 
 tell me ' i told you so ' all you want -- but if you know a way out of this , tell me ! '' 
 `` shhh . '' 
 milos glanced to the house , where danny 's mother threw occasional glances out of the window . 
 `` do not look suspicious , '' he said . 
 `` act like you 're playing . '' 
 allie found a rusted toy car in the nearby grass , then knelt down and began to run it along the concrete edge of the pool deck , while milos moved the net back and forth in the water , pretending to clean it . 
 `` as it happens , i do know a way to free you . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 her excitement made the boy 's body jump with joy . 
 `` thank you , milos , thank you ! 
 i 'll owe you for this . '' 
 to which milos said calmly , `` yes ... you will . '' 
 allie 's excitement took a slightly sour turn . 
 she became guarded , and a little worried . 
 yes , she would owe him , and she already knew that milos did n't do anything for free . 
 `` i have come a long way , and at great peril , '' he told her . 
 `` if i free you , there is something i want in return . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` if i free you , '' he said slowly , `` then you will owe me your loyalty and your commitment . 
 you must , therefore , follow my orders . 
 you must do whatever i ask you to do , for as long as i ask you to do it . '' 
 allie was speechless . 
 she did n't know whether to be horrified or amused . 
 `` have you lost your mind ? '' 
 she told him . 
 `` i wo n't be your slave ! 
 the answer is no ! '' 
 `` do not misunderstand , '' said milos , still moving the pool net in a pointless figure eight . 
 `` i have a higher purpose now , and i am giving you this opportunity to be a part of it . 
 you should not throw it away so lightly . '' 
 allie looked toward squirrel , who nervously brushed his hand over his bad mohawk . 
 `` c'mon , milos , '' he whined . 
 `` we ca n't stay here -- she wo n't like it ! 
 she wo n't like it ! '' 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 growled milos . 
 `` what do you mean ` she ' ? '' 
 allie asked squirrel . 
 `` what ` she ' are you talking about ? '' 
 milos fumed at squirrel , and squirrel seemed to shrivel . 
 even the skull tattoos on his fleshie appeared to cringe . 
 milos sighed , then gave her the full story . 
 she almost wished he had n't . 
 `` there is only one force in everlost worth aligning with , '' milos told her . 
 `` you know of whom i speak . 
 she has ideas ... she has vision ... and so do i. '' allie was shocked , but not entirely surprised . 
 milos was all about jockeying for higher position . 
 it made perfect sense that he would set his sights on mary . 
 `` you once told me that skinjacking can change the world , '' milos said . 
 `` well , mary hightower has envisioned a way to do that , and i am a part of her plan . 
 you should be too . '' 
 `` i wo n't have anything to do with mary hightower , '' she told him . 
 `` how can you be so naive ? '' 
 milos said , a little too loudly . 
 `` who do you think can help you ? 
 your friend the ogre ? 
 i can assure you that mary will defeat him , if she has not done so already . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah ! '' 
 said squirrel , chuckling as he imagined it . 
 `` i 'll bet she 's gettin ' him real good there at graceland . '' 
 allie snapped her eyes to squirrel . 
 nick was here in memphis ? 
 now ? 
 milos was even more angry at squirrel than before . 
 `` go clean the pool ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 squirrel grabbed the equipment clumsily , and moved down to the other end of the pool , looking guilty . 
 so nick was here in memphis , and mary had planned some sort of ambush . 
 allie had to warn him , but how ? 
 she could n't even see everlost as long as she was stuck in the boy -- how could she warn nick if she could n't even see him ? 
 `` danny ? '' 
 called his mother . 
 `` danny , are you okay out there ? '' 
 she peered out of the screen door , the phone still to her ear . 
 `` s'all right , mom , '' allie said , just as danny would . 
 `` i was just telling curtis about all the bugs in the drain . '' 
 `` you let them work , danny . 
 do n't be a pest ! '' 
 then she retreated back into the house , satisfied that everything was under control . 
 `` one year , '' said milos . 
 `` one year with us , and then you will be free to go . 
 that is my offer . '' 
 allie was about to tell him exactly where he could go , with or without a coin to get him there , but then she thought about danny . 
 even now he was hiding behind her , listening to everything , but not understanding any of it . 
 -- there 's an ogre ? 
 what kind of ogre ? 
 is he bad ? 
 -- it had only taken two weeks for her to know this boy better than any other human being , and she could n't help but care about him . 
 in any other situation , her refusal to give in to milos 's demands would mark her integrity and self-respect , but here it would mark nothing but selfishness ... because by refusing milos , she 'd be condemning danny to share his life with an uninvited spirit . 
 the only way to free danny was to accept milos ' offer . 
 `` c'mon , c'mon -- we got ta go ! '' 
 nagged squirrel . 
 `` jill and moose are waiting at the bridge ! '' 
 milos ignored him . 
 `` this is the last time i ask you . 
 do you wish to be free or not ? '' 
 allie took a deep breath and closed her eyes . 
 but they were n't her eyes to close , were they ? 
 as much as she hated it , there was only one answer she could give . 
 `` yes , '' she told him . 
 `` if you can get me out of here , then the answer is yes . 
 i 'll do whatever you want . '' 
 milos smiled . 
 `` very good . 
 now tell the boy to come out . '' 
 danny retreated even further behind allie 's thoughts . 
 it 's all right , danny , allie told him . 
 he wo n't hurt you . 
 i promise . 
 danny timidly came forward , taking control of himself once more . 
 milos must have recognized the transition , because his own expression changed -- no longer the sharp , piercing gaze he had shown allie , but the inviting , disarming gaze meant for a child . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 danny asked , his voice shaky . 
 `` i just want to help . '' 
 milos looked at the pool , then back to danny , kneeling down to his level . 
 `` tell me , do you know how to swim ? '' 
 danny shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 my daddy tried to teach me , but i did n't learn good . 
 next summer for sure ! '' 
 `` very good , '' said milos . 
 `` then this will be easy . '' 
 and without warning he reached out , grabbed danny with both hands , and threw him into the deep end of the pool . 
 mary hightower 's warnings against skinjackers were all so much hot air -- nothing but empty worries -- that is , until she had skinjackers in her own employ . 
 that 's when she realized how powerful and dangerous skinjackers could be . 
 such power in the wrong hands could be devastating -- which was the reason why she desperately needed allie the outcast either reformed or neutralized . 
 milos had offered to find allie in memphis , and take care of it personally . 
 `` if you can do it , then do it , '' mary had told milos , `` but do n't let it distract you from your mission . 
 there is no margin for error . '' 
 `` we shall find her quickly , and get back to the river in time to help jill and moose , '' he had said . 
 `` i promise i will not disappoint you . '' 
 it was his idea to have the sniffer seek allie out . 
 mary was impressed by his quick thinking and resourcefulness . 
 she had once told pugsy capone that they were a team , but that was just a means to an end . 
 this partnership with milos was very different , and he kept proving himself time and time again to be a worthy counterpart . 
 in time , mary dared to hope that someday he might even take nick 's place in her heart . 
 `` i know you wo n't disappoint me , '' she had told milos . 
 `` in fact , i expect i 'll be pleasantly surprised by you again . '' 
 -- swim , danny ! 
 -- -- i ca n't ! 
 -- -- just move your arms and legs ! 
 -- -- but it 's not working ! 
 -- -- it 's not that hard -- -- i do n't know how ! 
 -- as they floundered in the pool , allie seized control , but the same muscle memory that had worked in her favor before now failed her miserably . 
 the same body that was so adept at climbing trees could not perform the motions that would keep it afloat . 
 danny could n't swim ... which meant allie could n't swim either . 
 panicked , danny drew water deep into his lungs as he went down . 
 they looked up to see through the shimmering water , milos and moose just standing there in the bodies of the pool men , watching . 
 waiting for them to drown . 
 this was milos 's plan ! 
 allie should have realized it . 
 there was only one way to separate a soul that 's bound to a body . 
 she should have known ! 
 -- i 'm scared -- cried danny . 
 -- i 'll save you ! 
 -- allie told him -- somehow i 'll save you ! 
 -- she had promised that milos would n't hurt him , and he did . 
 she was an accomplice to this , whether she liked it or not . 
 another gasp of water . 
 their arms thrashed as their body sank . 
 angry squirms of darkness bore in from the edge of their vision . 
 danny 's heart pounded , screaming for oxygen to power it . 
 their chest felt like it would explode . 
 allie could not remember such awful pain . 
 -- help us ! 
 somebody help us ! 
 -- the living world closed in ... then it went away ... the pain faded ... and for the second time , allie johnson died . 
 she felt herself leaving danny 's body -- not peeling out , but more like evaporating . 
 she was herself again , back in everlost , and sinking quickly through the bottom of the pool , into the earth , while danny 's body settled against the blue-painted steel of the pool floor . 
 the moment danny came to rest , a circular patch spread out beneath his body , bright and solid . 
 a deadspot was born . 
 quickly allie grabbed for it , pulling herself onto it . 
 she reached for danny 's body , but now that she was an afterlight again , her hand passed right through . 
 suddenly there was commotion in the water . 
 bubbles , and a billowing flowered blouse . 
 a woman in the water , frantically diving down , grabbing at the boy 's body . 
 danny 's mother ! 
 allie reached her hand toward the woman , and was immediately swept up , drawn inside her , skinjacking her . 
 the woman was crazed beyond belief , her body in a full panic state -- which is exactly what was needed , for although she was not a strong woman , she could swim , and with all that adrenaline in her , she could swim for two . 
 allie took over her body completely , and set herself to the task of saving danny . 
 she fought her way to the surface , pulling danny with her . 
 he was sandbag-heavy , a limp , dead weight . 
 she broke surface to find that all hell had broken loose . 
 allie could instantly tell that milos and moose had left their hosts , because curtis was on his knees screaming at the top of his lungs , and ripping his hair out of his head . 
 chainsaw was in enough control of his senses to leap into the pool to help her . 
 `` i got him , mrs. rozelli ! '' 
 with one hand he hurled danny out of the pool , and climbed out after him . 
 `` i can do this ! 
 i know cpr ! '' 
 chainsaw began chest compressions on the boy as allie , still within mrs. rozelli , climbed out of the water . 
 chainsaw valiantly fought to resuscitate the little boy , but it was no use . 
 danny was dead . 
 his soul was long gone . 
 or was it ? 
 allie peeled out of mrs. rozelli , and back into everlost , where she could see milos and moose still standing there , observing everything . 
 `` welcome back to everlost ! '' 
 milos said cheerfully . 
 `` i knew it would work ! '' 
 allie could not believe he could be so casual about the terrible thing he had just done . 
 somehow mary had changed him . 
 like everything else she touched , mary had turned him rancid . 
 in the living world , mrs. rozelli fell to her knees , dazed and terrified . 
 she wailed so loudly , it rang out as clearly in everlost as in the living world . 
 `` c'mon , kid ! '' 
 cried chainsaw , struggling to revive the boy , knowing he was dead , but not willing to stop , for he could n't face the woman 's anguish . 
 and behind him the other poolman dug his nails into his scalp and tore himself apart , his mind shattered from the awful thing milos had made him do . 
 but in everlost , there was a sight that none of the living could see . 
 allie turned to the pool , and saw danny 's spirit ! 
 he was floating in midair just above the surface of the water . 
 he was staring in wonder at something that allie could n't see , and a bright , unearthly light painted his face . 
 he reached out toward the source of that light . 
 `` no , danny ! '' 
 screamed allie . 
 `` it 's so bright ... . '' 
 `` do n't go down the tunnel ! '' 
 allie shouted to him . 
 `` do n't go to the light ! '' 
 `` but it wants me to , '' danny said , confused . 
 `` i think i 'm supposed to ... . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you 're not ! 
 none of this is supposed to happen ! '' 
 finally chainsaw gave up trying to resuscitate the boy , and buried his face in his hands , sobbing . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so , so sorry ... . '' 
 allie summoned her most commanding voice . 
 `` danny , look at me ! '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` look at me now ! '' 
 finally danny 's spirit turned to her . 
 `` allie ? '' 
 and the moment he saw her , the light on his face vanished and he dropped into the pool . 
 allie was close enough to grab him . 
 she pulled him out , and into her arms . 
 he looked at her with lazy eyes . 
 `` so that 's what you look like , '' he said and yawned . 
 behind them , above the cries of the living , came a voice far more pleased with this heart-rending moment than he should be . 
 `` well done ! '' 
 said milos , practically beaming . 
 `` very well done , allie ! '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' said squirrel , `` i 'll bet she did that even better than jackin ' jill . '' 
 `` congratulations , '' milos said . 
 `` you have just brought a new soul into everlost . 
 whatever you did to mary in the past , she will forgive you now . '' 
 `` i do n't want her forgiveness . '' 
 `` you may not want it , but you will need it , '' milos said , very seriously . 
 `` otherwise she will destroy you , and i do not wish to see that . '' 
 danny 's eyes rolled as he looked at allie . 
 `` i 'm so tired , '' danny said . 
 allie realized what would happen next . 
 `` stay awake , danny ! '' 
 `` but i 'm so sleepy . 
 just let me rest . '' 
 `` whatever you do , do n't fall asleep ! '' 
 because she knew the moment he did , he would lapse into nine months of hibernation . 
 if he fell asleep , he would become an afterlight . 
 but he was n't one yet -- he had no afterglow -- which meant he was not entirely gone from the living world ... . 
 allie knew what she had to do . 
 without wasting an instant , she took danny 's soul and thrust him forward , plunging him back into his own lifeless body . 
 the effect was instantaneous . 
 the moment danny was plunged back into himself , his body heaved , and he coughed up an explosion of water . 
 the dead boy came back to life . 
 allie 's scream of joy and relief could only be matched by his mother 's . 
 she tried to grab him , but chainsaw held her back with a strong arm . 
 `` give him time . '' 
 chainsaw rolled him over on his side , and danny coughed up more water , as if he had the entire pool in his lungs . 
 he coughed , coughed some more , then his eyes opened . 
 his mother took him into her arms against chainsaw 's warnings . 
 `` i 'm tired , mom . '' 
 but that was okay . 
 it was all right for him to be tired now . 
 chainsaw went over to curtis , shaking him , screaming at him in fury for what he had done , but curtis 's mind was entirely gone . 
 he would be the victim of all this , but allie could not save him . 
 she had saved danny ; she could n't save everyone . 
 she turned to milos , who was surprised , and maybe a little impressed , by what she had done for danny . 
 `` always the good somalian , '' he said . 
 `` that 's ` good samaritan . ' '' 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 then he held out his hand to her . 
 `` now we go . '' 
 allie did n't move . 
 `` do you think i would ever come with you after what you just did ? '' 
 `` you gave me your word . '' 
 `` then call me a liar . '' 
 milos signaled to squirrel who began to circle behind her . 
 `` i do not wish to take you by force , '' milos said , `` but if i have to , i will . '' 
 `` you 'll have to catch me first . '' 
 allie ran , while behind her mrs. rozelli said a quiet , thankful prayer as she carried her little boy into their home , and the deadspot at the bottom of the pool faded away into nothing . 
 chapter 35 allie-allie-oxen-free the union avenue bridge was narrow , always crowded , and nowhere near as efficient as the two interstate bridges that carried the bulk of the city 's traffic over the mississippi into arkansas . 
 it was the oldest bridge in memphis , first built for the transcontinental railroad , but it had been modified years ago to add lanes for automobile traffic on either side of the train trestle . 
 reports of its crumbling structure were occasionally seen on the inner pages of the memphis daily news , but there were always more immediate things for the living to worry about -- like who killed the beauty queen , and who fathered the rock diva 's baby . 
 still , the union avenue bridge was an accident waiting to happen . 
 of course some accidents need to be helped along . 
 while milos was `` freeing '' allie from danny rozelli 's body , jackin ' jill waited with moose on the bridge -- an impossible feat for most other afterlights , who would be blown into the river by the everlost wind -- but jill and moose were safely packed into two fleshies . 
 they might have looked suspicious just standing around on the bridge , but their fleshies were road workers , and road workers have been known to just stand around on a regular basis . 
 `` what if milos and squirrel do n't come ? '' 
 moose asked . 
 `` we can do this without them , '' jill told him , annoyed by milos 's absence , and further irritated by her own fleshie 's bad teeth and chewing tobacco breath . 
 a freight train blared its horn , and rattled down the bridge 's central trestle between the east - and westbound lanes of snarled traffic . 
 it startled jill , and she gagged on her fleshie 's chew . 
 she had half a mind just to hurl him off the bridge , and find another fleshie -- but that would definitely draw unwanted attention . 
 a police car stopped on the bridge beside them , and the officer lowered his window . 
 moose looked panicked , and jill told him to go fiddle with some traffic cones . 
 `` everything okay here ? '' 
 the officer asked . 
 `` need us to divert traffic ? '' 
 jill adjusted her hard hat . 
 `` naah , just filling in a pothole . 
 we 'll be done soon enough . '' 
 once he was gone , jill glanced down at the gym bag at her feet . 
 moose , idiot that he was , had left the zipper open . 
 it was just luck that the cop had n't seen the explosives . 
 all that effort to skinjack a demolition engineer just to get them -- how stupid would it be if their fleshies got busted here on the bridge ? 
 they could n't afford a slipup , and every minute they waited made it more likely they 'd get caught . 
 `` forget about milos and squirrel , '' jill finally said . 
 `` we 'll do this without them . '' 
 jill would take care of the bridge , and mary would know that milos was a no-show . 
 maybe then jill could squirm her way out from underneath milos 's thumb . 
 a few miles away , allie raced from the rozelli backyard . 
 there was no one in range for her to skinjack , so she had to rely on her own speed , hoping that her will was strong enough to propel her faster than milos . 
 twice she felt him grab at her , and twice she shook him off . 
 then she finally reached a crowded rush hour street , filled with plenty of people and plenty of cars . 
 she could jack to her heart 's content . 
 this would be the grand ole opry all over again , soul-surfing as quickly as she could , playing hide-and-seek in fleshies , hoping she had learned enough from milos 's lessons to beat him at his own game . 
 she leaped blindly into a car moving through the intersection , grabbing the driver , swinging off of him , and hurling herself into a car moving in the other direction . 
 she grabbed hold of a passenger in that car , then pushed off again , leaping into the air , this time catching a passing truck driver . 
 she bounced from one vehicle to another , playing a human shell game . 
 she was sure squirrel could n't keep up , but milos was another matter . 
 she knew he was surfing just as deftly as her , so allie surfed random and wild , until landing in the passenger seat of an suv , diving deep inside a fleshie . 
 -- late -- late -- we 're always late -- it 's not my fault -- it 's his fault -- it 's always his fault -- why do we always have to be late - allie wedged herself behind the woman 's thoughts , digging in , certain that she had lost milos three or four fleshies ago . 
 she could hide here until she was far enough away to peel out and not be noticed . 
 then the driver , a bald man with bad skin , turned to her and said , `` be sensible , allie . 
 all this fuss is getting you nowhere . '' 
 he let go of the wheel and grabbed allie with both hands . 
 allie struggled , and the car veered off the road . 
 `` watch out ! '' 
 horns blared , the car jumped the curb , flattened a mailbox , and rammed into the corner of a restaurant . 
 airbags blossomed from almost every angle , cushioning the two fleshies , but milos and allie were hurled out of their hosts , and into the crowded restaurant they had crashed into . 
 now everything depended on how quick allie 's reflexes were . 
 before she even hit the ground she reached out and grabbed someone -- a waiter , still shielding his face from the crashing plate glass window . 
 his thoughts were loud and panicked . 
 -- what the -- who the -- how the -- whoa is that a car -- am i alive -- yes -- am i hurt -- no -- okay keep calm -- keep calm -- keep calm -- allie hid within him , silent and still.everyone jumped up and scurried deeper into the restaurant to get away from the accident -- everyone except for a single woman who stood there scanning the room with eagle eyes . 
 it was milos . 
 `` come out , come out whoever you are , '' said the eagle-eye woman . 
 `` ollie-ollie-axen-flee . '' 
 how stupid , thought allie , if she gave herself away by correcting milos 's english . 
 she lingered in the waiter , not taking him over , otherwise milos might notice . 
 she just hid inside him as he tried to herd diners out the door . 
 `` this way , c'mon , everything 's going to be fine . 
 is anyone hurt ? '' 
 milos walked right past , and the second his eagle-eye fleshie was looking the other way , allie left the waiter , hitched a ride in an exiting diner , then raced down the back alley . 
 finding herself on another street , she hopped into a man in a mustang who was fiddling with his radio -- -- hate this song -- hate that song even more -- there 's never a good station -- and this song 's even worse -- she took control , floored the accelerator , and headed toward the highway . 
 once she was sure she had lost milos , she took a moment to consider her next move . 
 there was really only one place she could go . 
 nick was here in memphis and he was in danger . 
 she had to help him . 
 she let the driver surface just long enough to scan his mind for directions to graceland . 
 -- what 's happening -- what 's going on -- who -- who are you -- -- oh shut up ! 
 -- allie found what she needed , and put him back to sleep . 
 she was already heading in the right direction . 
 traffic was moving , and the graceland exit came up in just a few minutes . 
 once she was on elvis presley boulevard , traffic slowed , and it was faster to surf than drive . 
 she launched out of mr. mustang , to another driver , and another , jumping two and three cars at a time when she could . 
 milos would know where she was going -- but if she was lucky , maybe she could get there first . 
 she surfed her way down the boulevard , until there , between convenience stores and gas stations , stood a mansion on a hill , completely out of place on the ugly urban street . 
 allie could tell there was something very odd about the place . 
 it seemed to shift in and out of phase . 
 it shimmered like a mirage in unsteady double vision , as if she were seeing two gracelands -- one in everlost , and one in the living world , both competing for dominance . 
 was this a vortex ? 
 she had heard about them , but had never actually seen one . 
 all at once she realized that there were afterlights standing in front of the graceland mansion . 
 if they were mary 's children , then she was already too late ! 
 there was no way in without alerting those afterlights to her presence , which meant she would have to skinjack her way in . 
 she hurried into the nearby visitor 's center , looking for a suitable fleshie . 
 tourists meandered around , fingering gift-shop trinkets . 
 it was a quarter to five , and the last tourist tram of the day was about to ride up the short path to the mansion . 
 she launched forward , surfing every fleshie in her path , building momentum . 
 the tour bus door had closed , but that did n't matter , she could launch right through the door , into the driver . 
 she reached the last person between her and the bus , then bounded forward in a high arc toward it -- but halfway there she smashed into another afterlight , and he brought her down to the ground . 
 she was sure it was milos -- it had to be ! 
 yet it was n't . 
 it was someone else -- something else . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 it said . 
 this kid was all wrong in every way . 
 he had an ear where an eye should be , and an eye instead of a nose . 
 his cheeks were at different heights , and his mouth was entirely upside down . 
 it was as if someone had been playing evil mr. potato head with his face . 
 `` who are you ? 
 let me go ! '' 
 there were more of them now . 
 a dozen of them , and they were still coming out of the woodwork , grabbing her , keeping her from moving . 
 every one of them had skewed features , but no two were exactly alike . 
 picassoids , allie decided to call them , because they looked like something pablo picasso might have painted on a very , very bad day . 
 `` do n't let her skinjack ! '' 
 shouted the picassoid in charge , who had blue hair that was somehow familiar . 
 `` you have to let me go ! '' 
 she shouted , while behind her , the tour bus left for the mansion . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' their leader said . 
 `` we 've been looking everywhere for you , miss allie . '' 
 she had to talk her way out of this , and she thought she knew just the thing . 
 `` are you mary 's children ? 
 i 'm here to help her , '' allie said . 
 `` i 've seen the error of my ways , and i 'm here to beg for forgiveness -- now let me go ! '' 
 the picassoids looked to one another , then back to allie . 
 `` we do n't work for the sky witch , '' the blue-haired picassoid said . 
 `` we serve a monster . 
 the one true monster of everlost . '' 
 allie did not like the sound of that . 
 `` what monster do you mean ? '' 
 then he gave her an unpleasant upside-down smile . 
 `` we serve the mcgill . '' 
 *** mikey mcgill was not blessed with good timing . 
 in life he would get his knuckles rapped repeatedly for looking at his neighbor 's paper at precisely the moment the schoolmaster would look at him . 
 he jumped in front of a speeding train at precisely the wrong moment , sending him and his sister to everlost -- and even in everlost , he had chosen to spy on allie at precisely the moment she had kissed milos . 
 naturally it would follow that he would capture allie at the worst possible moment in this , or any other , universe . 
 his new minions -- the afterlights he had picked up in nashville -- feared him , and obeyed his commands , but that was n't enough . 
 he made them pledge themselves to him , but that still was n't enough . 
 he twisted and tweaked their faces using his talent of change to change them , but none of this could fill the hole inside him . 
 allie was the only one who could fill it , and so he followed her to memphis . 
 since he was convinced he would never win allie back , he decided the next best thing was to steal her away . 
 the picassoids brought allie to mikey in an old-fashioned paddy wagon -- a cell on wheels that had crossed into everlost , god knows when . 
 when mikey saw them approaching with allie in the cage , he felt a heart begin to swell in his chest , threatening to transform his entire body into a bloody beating thing . 
 he allowed his bad emotions to overwhelm the good , forced his heart back down his throat , and he strode forward encased in the same armor that had grown the day he ran away . 
 every step shook the ground as he approached her . 
 then , when he was right in front of her , he spilled himself through his open mouth , turning inside out , revealing the horrible thing he had become . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 although he did n't have to say it , because she was already looking . 
 he wanted her to scream , he wanted her to cry , he wanted her to feel the misery of what she had done to him ... but she did not react the way he expected . 
 he sprouted himself an extra eye so he could read her more clearly . 
 `` mikey ! '' 
 she grabbed the bars , peering through at him , not repulsed , not averting her eyes in the least . 
 `` mikey ! 
 you did n't leave ! 
 you 're still here ! '' 
 there was a good reason why mikey , even with an extra eye , could n't read allie . 
 that was because allie found her emotions were such a strange mix , they all blended together into something unidentifiable . 
 there was incredible joy in knowing that mikey had n't left everlost , but confusion as to why he had turned into this nasty-looking thing . 
 rather than being horrified , she found herself impressed by it and deeply saddened at the same time . 
 she knew him well enough now to know that his shell was merely that : a mask that he used to express the things he could n't put into words . 
 was this , then , the manifestation of what he had been feeling ? 
 she could n't deny that mikey had been sullen and subdued while he was locked into simple human form -- and although she never wanted to see him as a monster again , there were parts of the monster she missed . 
 the truth was , mikey was boring when he was beautiful . 
 but what was she thinking ? 
 none of this mattered at the moment . 
 nick was in danger ! 
 she had to save nick ! 
 `` mikey , listen to me ! '' 
 `` no , you listen to me ! '' 
 he did n't care what she had to say . 
 she would not rob him of this moment ! 
 he reached into a fold in his awful body that had once been a pocket , and he pulled out a coin . 
 `` you chose milos over me ! '' 
 then he grabbed allie 's hand . 
 `` if i ca n't have you , then no one will ! '' 
 and he placed the coin firmly in her palm , closing her fingers around it . 
 he was determined to stay silent as she vanished into the light , but he could n't stop himself from saying the words he could never before say out loud . 
 `` i love you , allie ... . '' 
 then he waited for her to get where she was going . 
 he waited . 
 and he waited . 
 but allie 's eyes did not grow wide with cosmic wonder . 
 the light of infinity did not shine on her face . 
 she did not disappear in a rainbow twinkling of light . 
 she stood there mesmerized -- dazzled by his heartfelt confession , but she did not vanish . 
 then , she squeezed his hand firmly , but lovingly , and said : `` mikey , we need to talk . '' 
 he let go of her hand , not knowing what to do , because he had not seen anything beyond this moment . 
 the way he imagined it , allie would be gone , he would wallow forever in the misery of it , and that would be that . 
 but instead , allie gave the coin back to him . 
 `` it does n't work for skinjackers , '' she said . 
 `` there 's a lot i have to tell you , but now 's not the time . 
 you have to let me go now . 
 i have to help nick . '' 
 mikey turned his transformed hand back to the hand of a boy and gently took the coin . 
 `` it does n't work for me , either . 
 so neither of us is ready . '' 
 allie looked at his humanized hand , surprised . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 `` i can do a lot of things , '' mikey said , and to prove it , he took on his normal boyish face once more , on the body of the monster . 
 allie was amazed . 
 `` you can change at will ? '' 
 `` you have a power , '' said mikey , `` and so do i. '' `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` i thought you hated the monster . '' 
 `` you were never the monster you pretend to be , mikey . 
 not then , and not now . '' 
 `` i am if i want to be . 
 i am whatever i want to be . '' 
 allie shook her head and smiled . 
 `` then i love all the things you choose to be , because beneath it all , you 're still mikey mcgill . '' 
 mikey took a step back . 
 was she trying to trick him into freeing her ? 
 `` but ... but you love milos ... . '' 
 allie laughed . 
 `` is that what you think ? 
 is that why you left ? '' 
 `` i saw you kiss him ... . '' 
 she gasped at the realization that he had seen the kiss . 
 but then she said , `` mikey , you are such an idiot . '' 
 then she looked him in the eye and said , `` you 're the one i love . '' 
 mikey found his ears starting to grow larger all by themselves -- as if by doubling his hearing it would help him to understand . 
 `` prove it . '' 
 `` okay , fine ! '' 
 allie said . 
 `` give me your worst . 
 the most horrible thing you can imagine -- but do it quickly ! '' 
 and so mikey dug inside himself to find the worst of all his feelings , the worst of all his fears , the very worst of himself . 
 then he pushed forth a face so hideous his followers turned their eyes away in terror . 
 a face that could melt the living , or at the very least turn them to stone . 
 a face so god-awful it defied the ability of any language to describe . 
 and yet allie not only looked at him , but she reached out through the bars , pulled the horrible head to hers , and she kissed him . 
 the kiss was the definition of perfect . 
 true , it lacked the heat , the passion , the breathlessness of the living-world kiss she had given milos , but this had something greater . 
 more than a flash of fire , it had an unbreakable , perhaps eternal bond of connection . 
 mikey had transformed back into himself by the end of the kiss , and the moment their lips parted he knew , as he should have known long , long ago , that no one -- not milos , not another afterlight , not anyone in any world -- could ever come between him and allie , from now until the day they met their maker . 
 `` now please , mikey . 
 please let me go help nick . '' 
 suddenly mikey felt nak * d and exposed before her , so he stepped back and pulled himself in , folding into his armor shell . 
 then he bore down and forced his armor to dissolve . 
 it was harder than changing his features , harder than growing an arm or an eye or a tentacle , but he did it , and promised himself he would never grow the armor again . 
 he turned to his followers who looked at him with shock and surprise . 
 `` hey -- you 're not the mcgill , '' said one of them . 
 mikey considered turning himself horrible just to scare the kid into line , but he decided he did n't want to . 
 he could be whatever he wanted to be , but there were many more parts he wanted to play beyond that of a monster . 
 so instead of fangs , he sprouted himself a pair of tall white ears . 
 `` no , i 'm the easter bunny , '' he told them . 
 `` now free allie from that cage ! '' 
 and they were all so bewildered that they hopped right to it . 
 chapter 36 the intolerable nexus of extremes graceland had a faint but perpetual smell of peanut butter and bananas . 
 `` even better now with chocolate , '' offered zin , as she and nick stepped inside . 
 from the moment nick arrived , he knew there was something odd about the world-famous tourist attraction . 
 the floors were both soft and solid at the same time , and everywhere he looked nick saw double . 
 he wanted to chalk it up to his own failing vision , but he knew it was more than that . 
 `` what is this , some sorta funhouse ? '' 
 asked zin , but nick suspected there was no fun to be had for anyone but the tourists . 
 this is a vortex , nick realized . 
 he sensed it would be wise to leave , but he said he would meet mary here , and he would n't go back on his word . 
 he had come with a team of afterlights , but told them to wait outside , as he went in with zin . 
 they moved through rooms that alternated between elegant and absurd , and the air was filled with the faint echoes of a thousand parties . 
 of course , all the living heard was `` love me tender '' pumped in through the speaker system , but they were beginning to notice an uncanny aroma of chocolate . 
 toward the back of the mansion , nick and zin found the infamous jungle room , full of leopard - and zebra-skin furniture and green shag carpeting -- not just on the floor , but on the ceiling , too . 
 there they waited for mary . 
 nick did n't feel well at all , and this was troubling , because you could n't feel sick in everlost . 
 yet there was a fever burning within him , rising from the deepest part of his soul , radiating out . 
 zin nervously doodled on her prop notepad to pass the time . 
 `` what if she do n't come ? '' 
 `` she 'll come , '' said nick . 
 when all the clocks in the house struck five , and mary had n't arrived , nick began to worry . 
 mary was never late , and with each passing minute nick felt worse . 
 `` she 's not comin ' '' said zin . 
 `` let 's get outta this place , it gives me the creeps . '' 
 `` she 'll be here . '' 
 nick 's fever peaked , and then it finally broke . 
 he began to sweat , but as he tried to wipe it away , he realized it was n't perspiration he was sweating . 
 it was chocolate . 
 please let her come soon , he thought . 
 nick had arrived twenty minutes early . 
 mary arrived ten minutes late . 
 she approached graceland alone with no outward fear , but she could not deny that inwardly she was terrified . 
 not fear of graceland , but fear of her own reaction when she saw nick . 
 the plan , she thought , stick to the plan . 
 speedo had his part , milos and the skinjackers had theirs , and so did she . 
 mary comforted herself in knowing that she had the moral high ground over nick , which meant that if there was any justice in the universe , she would be properly rewarded for her efforts today . 
 twenty of nick 's afterlights stood outside the graceland mansion , looking at the troublesome way it shifted in and out of focus . 
 as mary approached , they parted , staring at her in awe and in fear , but she only smiled at them . 
 `` take heart , '' she told them . 
 `` whatever your worries , i promise things will be better for you from now on . '' 
 then she walked into the vortex . 
 the overall decor of the mansion did not suit mary 's tastes . 
 the last dwindling groups of tourists moved about the place on guided tours . 
 mary ignored them , and followed the scent of chocolate to a garish african-themed room , where she found nick waiting . 
 she had to fight the urge to run to him , shake him , hug him , hit him . 
 no ! 
 she had to maintain a cool distance , or she would never be able to bear the burden of this critical hour . 
 then she realized nick was n't alone . 
 a grungy afterlight in a confederate uniform stood beside him , notepad in hand , holding the pencil the way a monkey might hold a spoon . 
 mary was n't fooled . 
 she knew about the ripper . 
 in fact , this was one of the reasons mary had come alone . 
 nick 's sense of honor would put him at a distinct disadvantage , for he would never have the ripper attack a lone , defenseless girl . 
 she hoped . 
 nick stood when he saw her , and she took a good look at him . 
 it was as she suspected : the chocolate had spread , consuming his thoughts , and thus his body . 
 calling him `` the chocolate ogre '' had done its damage , and now it had become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
 most of him was covered in it now . 
 only an arm and a third of his face remained clear , but the skin was already turning moist and darkening . 
 it was the effect of the vortex . 
 all she had to do was stall and she would defeat him without lifting a finger . 
 you brought this on yourself , nick , she wanted to say , but could n't bring herself to do it . 
 `` hello , mary . '' 
 `` hello , nick . '' 
 she still loved him deeply , but as she looked at him now , she recoiled , feeling her love curdle into pity . 
 seeing him this decrepit state allowed her to tell herself that nick was gone , and all that remained was the chocolate ogre -- a creature that needed to be put out of its misery . 
 it was easier now to keep her distance . 
 `` what shall we say to each other , nick ? '' 
 `` how about ` good to see you ' ? '' 
 he said , his voice raspy and thick . 
 barely human . 
 he coughed a thick , liquid rattle . 
 `` yes , '' said mary . 
 `` and it is good to see you . 
 truly . '' 
 mary could feel the effect of the vortex herself , but she knew she would not have to endure it as long as nick . 
 that 's why she came late . 
 yet its effect was different on her . 
 she did not feel weighed down , but enlightened . 
 she actually felt stronger . 
 `` i 've missed you , '' nick said . 
 `` have you ? 
 is that why you continue to be a thorn in my side ? 
 are you a little boy with a crush , seeking attention ? '' 
 his chocolate oozed a little darker . 
 mary sighed . 
 `` i 've missed you , too , '' she admitted . 
 nick shrugged , a little bit awkward in the moment . 
 `` i 'd reach out and hold you , but i might dirty your perfect dress . '' 
 mary sadly shook her head . 
 `` it should n't be this way between us , nick . 
 why must you rally against me so ? '' 
 `` the same reason you fight me . 
 just like you , i have to do what i believe is right , and freeing kids from this place is the right thing to do . '' 
 `` we are here to build everlost , not to empty it ! '' 
 `` how can you be so smart , and so wrong ? '' 
 mary closed her eyes , resigned that there would be no last-minute salvation for nick . 
 he would never see things her way . 
 `` coming here tonight , '' she said , `` was the first ` right thing ' you 've done in a long time . '' 
 nick shifted , and she could see his left shoulder sag , beginning to lose human shape . 
 she wanted to look away , but instead she watched it happen , because she knew witnessing this was part of her personal penance for having trusted nick in the first place . 
 `` if you have a peace proposal , let 's hear it , '' said nick , his voice sounding less human by the moment . 
 mary shook her head . 
 `` there is no proposal , '' she told him . 
 `` i will not compromise my integrity for you . 
 every afterlight in everlost deserves the peace and comfort that i have to give . 
 i will not sacrifice a single one for a treaty with you . '' 
 `` then why are we here ? '' 
 mary smiled in grim triumph . 
 `` to accept your unconditional surrender , of course . 
 right now my children are storming your train , and taking your army prisoner . 
 there will be no one for you to return to , nick . 
 i 've already won . '' 
 from where nick stood , mary was just as beautiful , just as powerful as she ever was -- perhaps even more so -- for it seemed this place magnified both her beauty and her powerful presence . 
 but in a moment she would deflate . 
 a little boy with a crush -- is that what she thought ? 
 now he took guilty pleasure in the look of despair that would soon be filling that beautiful face . 
 `` your children are going to have a surprise , '' he told her . 
 `` you have two hundred afterlights , i have four hundred . 
 my army will capture them , hand them coins , and for a second time ` your children ' will be set free -- but thank you for sending them to the train . 
 it makes it easier that way . '' 
 mary 's reaction was not what nick expected . 
 she tossed back her hair , and shifted her shoulders in proud defiance . 
 `` oh , but nick , i think you misunderstood . 
 as i said , i have more than two hundred afterlights , and i did n't lie . '' 
 then she smiled a terrible smile . 
 `` i have a thousand . 
 that 's certainly more than two hundred , is n't it ? '' 
 as the words hit him , and he realized what it meant , his own will began to collapse . 
 she had a thousand souls . 
 she would handily defeat his army . 
 now the pressure inside of him -- the pressure he had been holding back since stepping into the vortex -- could no longer be held . 
 he felt a dam inside him rupture . 
 his vision blurred and went dark . 
 he felt everything begin to dissolve as the last bit of him gave in to the sickly-sweet cancer . 
 what began as a small stain on his face was now all that remained of him . 
 `` now , sir ? '' 
 asked zin . 
 `` should i do it now ? '' 
 yes , that was it ! 
 although he might not have his victory against her children , maybe he could still have his victory against her . 
 i give you a gift , mary , he tried to say , just as he did in his fantasy , but he could no longer speak the words , for his mouth could only make a moaning sound like a cave in the wind . 
 before his thoughts could become too muddled , he sent zin forward . 
 `` now , '' he tried to say -- and she must have understood , because zin lunged toward mary , grabbed her by the shoulders , and began to push . 
 mary had thought she had a contingency for everything . 
 in her mind the ripper was a minor threat . 
 a nuisance at best . 
 let the ripper steal whatever she wants from me , mary thought . 
 i 'll survive . 
 but the moment the ripper began to push , mary realized that she had miscalculated . 
 there was a tingling in the back of her head unlike anything she had ever felt before . 
 it moved down across her face to her shoulders as the ripper pushed her backward . 
 what was happening to her ? 
 the ripper was n't ripping at all ! 
 mary opened her mouth and gasped -- she actually gasped , drawing in a breath of air like a living , breathing person would , and then it finally dawned on her exactly what the ripper was doing . 
 she was pushing mary into the living world ! 
 how could that be ? 
 was such a thing possible ? 
 she did n't want to find out -- so she fought back . 
 grabbing this horrible child , mary tried to pull herself back into everlost . 
 zin had never felt so strong . 
 she knew it was the vortex helping her -- the vortex had made opening a portal into the living world as easy as slicing butter , and mary was sliding on through ... until mary began to fight back . 
 as strong as graceland made zin , its effect on mary was even more intense . 
 mary 's greatest asset had always been the sheer force of her will . 
 now her will was horribly amplified -- and mary did not want to be alive ! 
 `` this will not happen , '' mary asserted , her voice loud and echoing in both worlds . 
 `` i will not be forced out . '' 
 the commanding sound of mary 's voice sucked away zin 's strength . 
 mary was halfway into the real world , but she dug her heels in , and each time she spoke , zin felt weaker . 
 `` i will not be forced out of everlost ! '' 
 inch by inch mary pulled herself back through the portal . ' 
 i will not be beaten by a by a sniveling , illiterate fool ! '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 zin cried to nick . 
 `` sir ! 
 i need your help ! '' 
 but nick was not himself . 
 he was barely anything at all . 
 he was a lumbering boneless mass . 
 his fingers were dissolving until there was not enough of him to reach out , until there was not enough of him to know why he 'd even want to . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 zin cried . 
 what is this all about ? 
 thought nick . 
 why am i here ? 
 what 's happening ? 
 i have to stop and think . 
 so he crawled away into a corner , leaving bits of him behind as he went . 
 `` i ca n't do this alone ! '' 
 yelled zin what is that commotion over there?it has to stop so i can think . 
 if only i can clear my mind , i 'll know why i 'm here . 
 i 'll know who i am . 
 and so the dissolving spirit closed its eyes , and melted into a corner , spiraling down into the bittersweet darkness of its own thoughts , trying to find something to grasp on to that was n't chocolate . 
 in a moment he was gone , and a layer of chocolate slowly spilled out across the floor like a lava flow , burying the green shag carpet . 
 nick had lost . 
 and now zin was losing , too . 
 mary had pulled herself back through the portal into everlost , and although zin still grabbed at her , trying to push , it was useless . 
 there was no way she could fight against the monumental force of mary hightower 's overwhelming presence . 
 mary pulled the last of her head through , and behind her the portal began to close . 
 she grabbed zin by the front of her uniform . 
 `` you will be rehabilitated , '' mary bellowed , her will still magnified . 
 `` you will learn to use your powers for good . 
 you will learn to use them for me . '' 
 mary took a step forward , but something snagged in her hair . 
 she tried to pull free , but whatever it was pulled back -- hard enough make her chin jut upward -- and all of a sudden she felt that tingling sensation in her head again . 
 she began to lose her balance , falling backward , and in front of her , the ripper lunged at her once more . 
 allie had soul-surfed her way back to graceland as quickly as she could , but it was n't fast enough . 
 she arrived too late to save nick , but she could not let herself mourn what had happened to him . 
 the only way she could help him now was to finish the job he 'd begun . 
 she did n't understand what was going on until mary had pulled herself back into everlost from the living world . 
 had mary been alive ? 
 as in flesh-and-blood alive ? 
 well , at least the top half of her had been . 
 this kid in the gray uniform had done it somehow -- but now the hole into the living world was closing . 
 neither of them had seen allie lurking there . 
 good . 
 quickly she skinjacked a female security guard coming into the room . 
 from a living world point of view , the jungle room seemed perfectly normal -- except for an overpowering smell of chocolate , and a shrinking hole in midair the size of a grapefruit . 
 through that hole allie could see the back of mary 's head . 
 so allie took her fleshie and reached through the hole into everlost , grabbing mary 's hair , and she began to tug with all her might . 
 as she pulled , mary fought like a shark on the end of a line , but she had lost her balance . 
 allie pulled again . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 mary demanded . 
 her will was almost strong enough to send allie flying away from her , so allie twisted her hand , making sure her fingers were snagged and knotted in mary 's long copper hair , unable to be freed no matter how mary worked against her . 
 then allie added her other hand as well , pulling on her hair like it was a tug-ofwar . 
 there were two of them working against mary now , allie pulling , and zin pushing , but it still was n't enough . 
 then suddenly there was a third hand in mary 's hair , and a hand pulling on her chin , and two hands grabbed her by the armpits -- yet somehow all those hands were allie 's . 
 she had skinjacked a guard -- but two tourists had come into the room as well , and allie was now seeing things through three different sets of eyes . 
 the intolerable nexus of extremes had a different effect on every afterlight , and now allie was n't just skinjacking a single person , she was skinjacking three at the same time -- and all three of them had a single purpose : to pull mary hightower out of everlost , and into the world of the living ! 
 `` this will not happen ! '' 
 but for all her will , for all her fury , mary could not fight that many foes . 
 as the tingling passed through her chest , her waist , and down her legs , she knew that there was no stopping this . 
 but if she was going , she was not going alone ! 
 she grabbed onto the ripper , with hands as tight as claws , and pulled on her . 
 both of them slid through into the living world . 
 zin was so focused on pushing mary , she had no idea what had happened to her until she finally let go and looked around . 
 the strange double-vision view of graceland was gone . 
 the chocolate flood was gone . 
 mary stood across the room in shock . 
 one tourist suddenly fainted , and the other tourist screamed at the top of her lungs and ran up the stairs . 
 the guard who had first helped zin , now stared at mary in disbelief . 
 zin turned around to see the portal shrink down to nothing and vanish . 
 she reached out a hand and tried to create a fresh portal back to everlost , but the living have no such powers . 
 she was no longer a ripper , she was just a living human girl . 
 she knew , not just because of what she saw -- and not just because it hurt when she pinched herself . 
 she knew , because , for the first time in a hundred and fifty years , her cap fell off her head , and tumbled to the ground . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 mary glared at her with such raw hatred , it chilled zin 's newly formed blood . 
 so zin ran , and did n't stop running until she was far from graceland . 
 allie had released two of her fleshies , one fainting in shock , the other screaming as she ran , but allie held on to the guard , keeping a close eye on mary . 
 mary 's hair was wild , her green dress wrinkled , and she was out of breath from the ordeal . 
 mary hightower , out of breath ! 
 what a wonderful concept ! 
 allie could n't contain her smile . 
 a tour guide raced down , responding to all the commotion . 
 he did n't even see the tourist who had passed out behind a zebra-skin couch . 
 `` what 's going on here , candace ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' said allie , feeling authoritative in her guard uniform . 
 `` i 'll take care of this . 
 go find out what that woman was screaming about . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 mary demanded once the tour guide was gone . 
 `` do n't you recognize me , mary ? 
 it 's your good friend allie the outcast -- although it looks like you 're the one who 's out-cast now . '' 
 then allie realized something with far too much glee . 
 `` now that you 're here -- alive and all -- there 's something i 've wanted to do for a very long time . '' 
 then allie reached back , curled her fleshie 's right hand into a fist , and swung it toward mary with all her might . 
 this was one strong fleshie ! 
 the punch connected with mary 's eye so hard , that mary 's entire body spun around , and she collapsed into a leopard chair . 
 allie 's knuckles hurt , but it was a good kind of pain . 
 `` my eye ! '' 
 wailed mary . 
 `` oh ! 
 my eye . '' 
 it was the first pain megan mary mcgill had felt in more than a hundred years . 
 she brought her hands to her face , but it hurt to even touch it . 
 she felt she would die from the pain , and she wished that she would , so she could be free from this horribly limited body . 
 i 'm alive , mary thought . 
 heaven help me , i 'm alive ! 
 there was no greater hell for mary than to be bound to a flesh-filled hell on earth . 
 allie prepared to peel back into everlost , but before she could , a man grabbed her by the throat , and pushed her against the wall . 
 it was the tourist who had fainted . 
 `` i should never have freed you ! 
 so much trouble you have become ! '' 
 milos ! 
 he had found her , but he was too late . 
 `` before you strangle this poor fleshie , '' allie said , `` why do n't you have a look at your fearless leader . '' 
 milos turned to see mary , and he was stunned . 
 `` milos ? 
 milos , is that you in there ? '' 
 mary , her eye already starting to swell , stood and gathered what composure she could . 
 `` this is only a small setback . 
 you have to go through with the plan -- nothing has changed . '' 
 milos just stared at her , still trying to take it in . 
 `` but ... but look at you ... everything has changed ... . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 insisted mary . 
 `` you 'll have to take care of my children for a while , but i 'll work this out ! 
 i will ! 
 i 'll work it out ! '' 
 allie knew she should have taken this moment to escape , but watching mary hightower sink into absolute desperation was mesmerizing . 
 `` i can still work from this side ! '' 
 mary insisted . 
 `` i think you fool yourself , '' said milos . 
 `` no ! 
 i can make this work , i know i can . 
 please , milos , '' and mary fell to her knees -- a gesture so foreign for her , allie could only stare . 
 `` please do n't leave me like this ! 
 i 'm begging you , milos ! 
 please do n't leave me ! '' 
 there were tears on her face now -- real human tears . 
 milos reached out his fleshie 's hand , and wiped away her tears . 
 `` your children do need you , '' milos said thoughtfully . 
 `` we will see ... . '' 
 then he whispered something in mary 's ear that allie could n't hear . 
 whatever he said , it calmed mary down . 
 she nodded a glum acceptance . 
 then milos turned to allie and she realized she had waited too long . 
 allie could leap to another fleshie , and run , but there were none in the room other than the ones she and milos had already skinjacked . 
 then suddenly something occurred to allie . 
 mary was now a fleshie ... . 
 did she dare do it ? 
 did she dare skinjack mary hightower , the self-appointed queen of everlost ? 
 of course ! 
 in fact she could n't resist ! 
 as milos came at her , she leaped from the guard , and directly into the flesh of mary hightower . 
 mary knew the instant it happened . 
 she could feel allie picking through her brain . 
 she felt herself infected by this filthy , filthy girl . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 mary demanded -- and even though she was no longer an afterlight , the force of her will was still strong enough to hit allie like a mortar blast . 
 allie recoiled , and was ejected out of her -- but not before seeing the depths of mary 's mind -- and what she saw there , the plans , the schemes , the terrible things that would happen if mary had her way -- it was like witnessing armageddon itself . 
 and what made it all the more horrifying was that mary truly believed it was all in the service of good . 
 more than ever , allie knew that mary must be stopped ! 
 but the force of her expulsion from mary 's body had rattled her and made her weak -- weak enough for milos to grab her . 
 they were both back in everlost now . 
 she was looking at him -- not a fleshie , but milos himself -- and his expression was stone . 
 `` you have made life very interesting , have n't you ? '' 
 allie tried to pull free , but she was too weak now . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere but with me , '' milos told her . 
 `` in case you forgot , you made me a promise , and you 're going to keep it . '' 
 then he pulled her out of graceland , and she did n't have the strength to resist . 
 chapter 37 sky refugees johnnie-o sat facing charlie in the starboard promenade of the hindenburg , a bucket of coins between them . 
 `` you go first , '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` no , you go first , '' echoed charlie . 
 `` no , you go first ! '' 
 `` no , you ! '' 
 how they got here was a mixture of failure , triumph , and luck . 
 while mary hightower had made her way to graceland for her momentous meeting with the chocolate ogre , her children attacked the train . 
 johnnie-o took charge , ready for the fight . 
 `` bring 'em down or push 'em down , '' he told the army . 
 any enemy that could n't be captured would be sent to the center of the earth . 
 then he went out into the battle swinging his heavy fists . 
 charlie , who was not much of a fighter , followed behind him , carrying the bucket of coins , and wearing a gardening glove on his hand to protect himself from the coins ' power . 
 maybe nick wanted to give these kids a choice , but johnnie-o and charlie were determined to send as many of them as possible into the light , whether they liked it or not . 
 johnnie-o grabbed one afterlight after another , dragging them to charlie , who would put a coin into their palms , and force their fists closed around it . 
 they all had the same reaction , a look of terrified surprise that was quickly replaced by an expression of utter peace before they disappeared in a twinkling of light . 
 johnnie-o did n't like the peace part of it . 
 there was no satisfaction for him in making his enemies content , but as long as they vanished from his sight , he did n't complain . 
 ten minutes into the battle , however , johnnie-o began to worry . 
 mary 's children just kept coming and soon it became clear to johnnie-o what their objective was . 
 the train . 
 `` keep them back ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 `` do n't let them near the train . '' 
 but there were simply too many of them . 
 johnnie-o and charlie had dispatched at least fifty or sixty with coins , but there were hundreds more . 
 the sky witch had tricked them ! 
 `` take coins , '' he told the others . 
 `` everyone , take coins and put them into their hands . 
 do it ! '' 
 but that backfired miserably , because every kid who grabbed a coin from the bucket could n't resist the urge to grasp the coin themselves , and vanish . 
 they were losing more of their own than the enemy . 
 it was over in less than twenty minutes . 
 their entire fighting force was backed up against the train , hands in the air , and the train itself had been captured . 
 it took four afterlights to hold johnnie-o down . 
 then , as he struggled to break free , he felt a drop of water on his forehead , then another , then another and when he looked up , he saw a wet kid in a wetter bathing suit looking down at him . 
 water dripped into johnnie-o 's eye from a little silver key dangling around the kid 's neck . 
 `` the sniffer told us all about you , johnnie-o , '' the wet kid said . 
 `` mary was even looking for a punching bag , to give you something to do until the end of time , but she never did find one . 
 guess you 'll just have to shadowbox , '' which was a nasty thing to say , since afterlights did n't cast shadows . 
 johnnie-o was n't about to be defeated by a kid in a bathing suit , so he fought himself free from the afterlights holding him . 
 `` dry up ! '' 
 he told the wet kid , which was an equally nasty thing to say , because he could n't . 
 then johnnie-o pushed him out of the way , and ran to charlie , who was sitting on the bucket of coins , hands behind his head and surrounded by a cluster of mary 's kids . 
 johnnie-o pushed his way in , pulled charlie up , and grabbed the bucket , swinging it like a weapon . 
 `` c'mon ! '' 
 he said to charlie , and they both ran . 
 mary 's forces had captured the chocolate ogre 's army and they had taken his train -- but there was still one more means of transportation available for someone with the nerve to take it . 
 the hindenburg was not too difficult to find , as it was taller than anything around it . 
 there were still dozens of mary 's afterlights holding it down with ropes , keeping it from being torn away by the brutal wind . 
 `` there 's a whole bunch of them , and only two of us , '' charlie said . 
 `` i do n't like those odds . '' 
 but johnnie-o realized something charlie did n't . 
 these afterlights could n't fight , because they already had their hands full . 
 if it took this many of them to hold the airship down , how many would have to be taken off the job until the ship would tear free ? 
 they wasted no time . 
 johnnie-o pulled them from the ropes , and charlie slapped coins into their hands one after another . 
 they had dispatched more than ten of them by the time the others figured out what was happening . 
 they all panicked , and began to let go of the ropes . 
 the airship began to lurch . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 johnnie-o said . 
 they raced toward the hindenburg . 
 the ramp was dragging across the ground , beginning to rise into the air . 
 they leaped on , and pulled themselves inside . 
 the airship 's nose lifted higher as it caught more of the everlost wind . 
 some afterlights still dangled from the ropes , but they had the good sense to let go , and the zeppelin took to the sky , twisting and turning out of control , at the mercy of the wind . 
 it was just the two of them in the giant craft . 
 they had n't been able to save the train , or nick 's army , but at least they saved the bucket of coins . 
 `` can you fly this thing ? '' 
 johnnie-o asked charlie . 
 `` no , '' he answered , `` but i got plenty of time to learn , doncha think ? '' 
 they fumbled their way through corridors until finally finding the bridge , and that 's when they realized there was a problem . 
 there was a bar across the door , and that bar was held in place by a huge padlock . 
 `` where 's the key ? '' 
 asked charlie . 
 `` there 's got to be a key . '' 
 johnnie-o knew exactly where the key was , because he had seen it dangling above his face dripping water into his eye . 
 `` d'ya think we could break it ? '' 
 asked charlie . 
 `` those fists of yours can do it , right ? '' 
 and although johnnie-o tried , he knew it was no use . 
 this was an everlost door , and an everlost padlock . 
 once something crossed into everlost , it did n't break . 
 ever . 
 the airship rose into the clouds , slowly spinning like a weather vane as it blew eastward . 
 `` this was a bad idea , '' said charlie . 
 `` shut up , '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` just shut up . '' 
 so now johnnie-o sat facing charlie in the starboard promenade of the hindenburg , a bucket of coins between them . 
 `` you go first , '' said johnnie-o . 
 `` no , you go first , '' echoed charlie . 
 `` no , you go first ! '' 
 `` no , you ! '' 
 but neither one was willing to take a coin . 
 instead they both stared at each other as the hindenburg drifted across the sky , each wondering who would be the first to blink . 
 chapter 38 last train out of memphis milos raced as fast as he could with allie , staying away from the living , just in case allie found strength enough to skinjack and escape . 
 he had no idea whether mary 's force had captured the train . 
 if they had n't , allie would be a bargaining chip . 
 if they had , allie would be a valuable prisoner . 
 `` i saw her thoughts , milos , '' allie said weakly , as he pulled her along . 
 `` you ca n't go through with this ! 
 mary has n't told you everything ! 
 you do n't know what she plans to do ! '' 
 but he was already overwhelmed with things to think about , and did n't need this . 
 he was confused , and more than a little bit scared about what would happen now -- and that just made him angry . 
 `` quiet , '' he told her , `` or i might just have to push you into the ground myself to silence you . '' 
 `` do it , '' said allie . 
 `` i 'd rather be there than have any part of mary 's plan . '' 
 `` it 's not her plan anymore , '' he told her . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 they came through into a clearing , where the train rested on dead rails . 
 milos spotted speedo right away , shouting frantic orders . 
 the airship 's ground team had just arrived , which meant the hindenburg had been cast off . 
 they had captured the train , and mary 's plan had proceeded without her . 
 the entirety of the ogre 's army had been squeezed into the last train car . 
 it had been mary 's idea -- something she learned from pugsy . 
 `` afterlights can fit wherever you put them , '' she had said , and she was right -- there were hundreds of them in that car : faces , hands , feet , and elbows pressed against the windows . 
 it was a kind of purgatory until they came around to mary 's way of thinking . 
 when speedo saw milos , he looked worried . 
 `` why are n't you with jill at the bridge ? '' 
 then , when he saw allie , his afterglow began to falter . 
 `` something went wrong , did n't it ? 
 what went wrong ? '' 
 `` lock this one up somewhere special , '' milos told speedo , `` but be careful -- she 's clever , '' and regaining some of his suave composure , he winked at allie . 
 `` a little too clever for her own good -- but maybe she can be , as mary says , ` rehabilitated . ' '' 
 `` mary 's not back yet , '' speedo said . 
 `` we ca n't go till she gets here . '' 
 milos hesitated for a moment . 
 there was no easy way to tell speedo the truth . 
 `` mary will not be coming back , '' milos said . 
 `` i am sorry . '' 
 `` you mean ... the ogre defeated her ? '' 
 `` the ogre is gone , '' said milos . 
 `` they are both gone . '' 
 speedo was shell-shocked . 
 he wanted to know everything , but there was no time , and milos was n't quite ready to share . 
 `` all we can do now , '' said milos , `` is to finish what she started . '' 
 `` but how are we supposed to go on without her ? '' 
 `` oh , i think mary will always be with us , '' milos told him . 
 `` we can be certain of that . '' 
 speedo had allie strapped to the very front of the train , facing forward , and milos allowed it . 
 `` i was thinking something a little more comfortable , '' milos said . 
 `` but this will do just fine . '' 
 `` i am not a figurehead on a ship ! '' 
 insisted allie . 
 `` today you are , '' milos told her calmly . 
 `` you took away mary from her children . 
 they would prefer that you were tied in a bag , and sent to the center of the earth , but i told them no . 
 i told them that we must show you compassion , the way mary would . 
 hate me all you want , but i just saved you . '' 
 `` forgive me if i do n't thank you , '' allie snapped . 
 then milos got close to her , and said , `` i can forgive you for everything ... except for taking her away from me . 
 i will not forgive you for that . '' 
 then he went to tend to mary 's masses , leaving allie lashed to the front of the train , with a better view than anyone else of the path ahead . 
 the train had come to the end of its tracks as it reached the river . 
 it could go no farther , for the trestle that ran down the center of the union avenue bridge was very much a part of the living world . 
 there were no everlost bridges that crossed the mighty mississippi . 
 the train waited as moose , squirrel , and jackin ' jill arrived and came on board . 
 `` you must be allie the outcast , '' jill said , as she passed the front of the train . 
 then , glancing casually at the way allie was all trussed up , she said , `` cute . '' 
 allie suspected what was about to happen , but wanted to believe that it would n't . 
 she held on to that hope until she saw and heard the explosions . 
 the first detonations took out the bridge 's eastern tower , then its western tower blew just a few seconds later . 
 girders tore apart like confetti and flew in all directions . 
 the rail trestle gave way , the traffic lanes collapsed , and the entire bridge plunged into the river , taking dozens of cars with it . 
 as allie watched , wailing in the anguish of this terrible scene , the thoughts that she had dug out of mary 's mind came back to her . 
 some will be sent into the light before this day is done , but their sacrifice will pave the way for the many thousands we will save . 
 thousands , mary had thought . 
 and even then , that 's only a start . 
 and so the bridge came down , killing all those who were on it ... but out of the smoke of its destruction , a memory of the bridge materialized , as solid and as real as anything else in everlost . 
 the union avenue bridge had crossed into their world . 
 although the wind would not allow anyone to cross the mississippi by foot , by boat , or even by airship , a steam engine could beat that wind . 
 all it needed were tracks . 
 allie , still strapped to the front of the train , was the first to inch out over the bridge as the train pulled forward , challenging the everlost wind with the brute force of its engine . 
 it roared at full steam , and although the wind struggled to hold it back , it was no match for such a powerful machine . 
 in just a few minutes the train crossed the river , rolled onto a dead rail line on the river 's far side , and chugged forward with allie unwillingly leading the way into the vast western unknown . 
 chapter 39 at the moment of madness everyone living in memphis remembers where they were when the union avenue bridge was taken down . 
 the evidence pointed to unlikely suspects -- a few road workers seen on the bridge , and a demolitions expert with no history of violent crime . 
 a half dozen radical groups tried to take credit , making the truth even more difficult to ferret out . 
 all that was known for sure was that somebody intentionally brought the beloved landmark down , taking the lives of close to fifty people . 
 at the moment of the disaster , a redheaded girl in a green velvet dress was seen watching the bridge collapse from martyr park , which overlooked the river . 
 witnesses noted something strange in her demeanor . 
 she showed no sign of surprise , nor concern for the many people losing their lives before her eyes . 
 rumors had already begun to spread that she was a terrorist , or that she was a ghost , or that she never really existed at all . 
 mysterious sightings of the girl in green were being reported everywhere , and she was quickly becoming a local legend . 
 a green velvet dress would be a popular halloween costume for redheaded girls in memphis this year . 
 at the moment of the disaster , another girl several miles away , wearing a very authentic confederate uniform , was caught trying to steal a chicken right off a supermarket rotisserie . 
 in the commotion of the blast , as shoppers ran out into the street to find out what had happened , the girl had thought no one would be looking , so she could take what she pleased . 
 however , the store 's manager was more concerned with criminal activity in his market than with death and destruction elsewhere . 
 the girl made a big fuss about being caught , but became respectful when a uniformed police officer arrived on the scene . 
 as it turned out , the girl was a strange case . 
 she claimed to have no family , no home , and she did n't match any children in the national database of kids reported missing . 
 `` you have to have some family somewhere , '' the officer insisted as he let her eat the stolen chicken . 
 `` nope , ai n't got no family a-tall , '' she said , in an accent from a place so southern-deep , you could get the bends coming up from it . 
 `` nope , no family , '' she said . '' 
 ... a ` course i do got a dog ... . '' 
 the officer concluded that , under the circumstances , finding that dog was as good a place as any to start . 
 at the moment of the disaster , mikey mcgill finally arrived at graceland to find a handful of afterlights in distress , not knowing what they should do . 
 they had come with the chocolate ogre -- but the ogre had gone into the vortex , never came out , and no one was brave enough to go in after him . 
 `` what about allie ? '' 
 mikey asked . 
 `` what happened to allie ? '' 
 they told him that a girl fitting her description was taken hostage by another afterlight -- a tall , dark-haired boy with strange speckled eyes . 
 by the time word came down that the bridge had been blown , and that an everlost train had taken mary 's followers across the river , mikey knew he was too late . 
 allie would be a prisoner on that train , and the train was long gone . 
 mikey raced to the bridge , and although it was solid beneath his feet , he was not a steam engine . 
 no matter what form he changed himself into , he could not overcome the wind . 
 he could n't cross that bridge to rescue allie . 
 and at the moment of the disaster , a bubble surfaced on the chocolate-covered floor of the jungle room , jarred into being by the rumble of the blast . 
 the bubble rose to the surface , searching for consciousness , and settled back down again , unable to find it . 
 chapter 40 the changeling and the golem mikey mcgill had certain realities to face . 
 allie was gone , the bridge was uncrossable , and nick had disappeared into a vortex . 
 were it not for his own selfish intervention , allie might have arrived in time to save nick -- and maybe she would n't have been taken hostage . 
 had mikey not been so captivated by his own misery , perhaps she would have been here with him right now , instead of on a train heading west . 
 now he had a choice . 
 he could rage in fury at his own pigheaded stupidity , and wallow in self-loathing -- that would certainly be the easy , familiar thing to do -- or , he could , for once , choose to do something useful . 
 later that night , he returned to his minions , and called them to him one by one . 
 he then carefully rearranged their distorted , twisted faces , bringing them back to normal , and , when he could , made them a little better-looking than when they started . 
 `` i release you from my service , now and forever , '' he told them . 
 `` now go home . '' 
 they lingered just long enough to be sure he really meant it , then they headed back for nashville . 
 once they were gone , mikey made his way back to graceland , where the dozen or so of nick 's afterlights still kept a vigil , not knowing what to do . 
 mikey told them to go as well . 
 `` we ca n't just leave , '' they said . 
 `` yes , you can , '' mikey told them . 
 `` go back to wherever you came from . 
 tell stories to your friends about the ogre , only do n't call him that . 
 call him by his name . 
 nick . '' 
 reluctantly they left . 
 then , after they had all gone , mikey turned and strode straight into the vortex . 
 mikey began to feel the effects of it right away -- a shifting inside of himself like the rumbling stomach of the living , but this feeling was all over his body . 
 he followed the overpowering smell of chocolate to the jungle room where a layer of the stuff , about an inch thick , covered the entire floor . 
 even before he stepped into the room , he began to change . 
 he grew fingers from his knees , and nostrils in his armpits . 
 the fingers turned to flowers and his eyes slid down to his elbows . 
 he had no control over what graceland was doing to him and he could see what it had already done to nick . 
 he had no idea whether a vortex was a living thing , or just a thing , but he knew he could n't fight it , and so he did n't try . 
 he gave in , letting it turn him into a creature in constant flux . 
 he had a mission here , and as long as he could remember that mission , the vortex could not destroy him . 
 he got down on his knees and began to work . 
 when his arms turned to tentacles , he used them . 
 when they turned to flippers he used them . 
 when he had no appendages at all , he waited until he sprouted something new . 
 he worked , training his mind entirely on his task . 
 it took more than an hour , and when he emerged , he was wholly unrecognizable . 
 changes came so quickly now , he did not become any one thing entirely before changing to something else . 
 yet somehow he made it out the front door rolling , squirming , crawling -- and he pulled with him a very heavy trash can -- since the vortex existed in both worlds , he was able to pull it like any other everlost artifact . 
 it said `` recyclables only , '' but he had removed the cans and bottles it had held , and now it was full of rich , creamy fudge -- the kind that melts in your mouth -- but he had no intentions of eating it . 
 now that he was out on the porch , beyond the outer edge of the vortex , he sat down trying to slow the changes that swept through his body . 
 he was changing once each second , but he concentrated , trying to make each form last , until the changes were coming once every five seconds . 
 then he took control , defining the changes as they came , choosing the forms he would assume . 
 only one problem remained now . 
 he could no longer remember his original form . 
 was he a creature with arms or with wings ? 
 did he walk on all fours or did he have eight legs ? 
 was he a creature more at home in water than land ? 
 did he have a tail ? 
 he found that trying to remember himself was impossible , so he tried to remember someone else . 
 her . 
 allie . 
 allie ... he could see her face clearly in his mind , then tried to see himself through her eyes . 
 it was by finding her that mikey found himself . 
 one by one he pushed forth arms and legs , drew in any stray horns , and made his unsightly spider spinneret shrink into standard human hind-quarters . 
 by and by he became who he was the irascible , short-tempered , imperfect , but occasionally heroic mikey mcgill . 
 once he was done , and he was sure his form would stick , he dragged the trash can from graceland , and found a deadspot on the stone path of a nearby park . 
 it was late now -- long past midnight , but he did not care about the time . 
 he webbed his fingers , effectively turning his hands into shovels , and began to scoop out the fudge , creating a pile on the ground . 
 the stuff had hardened in the cool night to be the consistency of clay . 
 that made it easier to work with . 
 from the lump before him , he began to fashion a figure . 
 a head , shoulders , a torso , arms , and legs . 
 if he could rearrange the features of other afterlights , surely he could shape an entire being from scratch as long as he had the raw materials . 
 there is an ancient story about a rabbi who , desperate to protect his village from destroyers , created a man out of earthen clay . 
 he put into it all the care , all the hope , all the faith that he could muster . 
 he danced around it , called on the secret name of god , and thus willed his clay creation to life , and it walked the earth . 
 a golem . 
 a creature not quite alive , but not quite dead . 
 mikey was no rabbi , did absolutely no dancing , and rather than mud , he worked in a mixture of sugar , butter , and the brown ground powder of a rainforest bean -- but like his sister , mikey had a will that could move the universe . 
 when he was done , the chocolate golem was not much to look at . 
 its shape was roughly human , but it was little more than a mound on the ground . 
 its face had no features , but mikey hoped that would n't matter . 
 it was early dawn now . 
 the sun was threatening the eastern horizon . 
 newsboys in the living world were hurling papers featuring headlines about the destruction of the union avenue bridge . 
 mikey put the finishing touches on the golem . 
 he scraped a line for its mouth ; and above it , pressed his thumbs in , creating indentations for its eyes ; then beneath the eyes , he shaped a small bump of a nose . 
 he poked two holes for ears , and then put his lips close to one of the holes and whispered `` wake up ... '' a moment passed . 
 then a moment more . 
 and then two eyelids rose , revealing a pair of eyes that were the same shade of brown . 
 the golem blinked , then blinked again . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 said the golem . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 `` are you what ? '' 
 `` am i ... here ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said mikey , `` you are . 
 do you know your name ? '' 
 the golem looked at him blankly . 
 `` do i have a name ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 your name is nick . '' 
 `` my name is ... nick . '' 
 `` say it again , '' urged mikey . 
 `` my name is nick ! '' 
 the holes on the side of the golem 's head grew into actual ears . 
 the slit that was its mouth became a pair of lips . 
 `` my name is nick ! '' 
 the golem said again , and sat itself up . 
 `` is your name nick ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm mikey . '' 
 `` mikey mcgill ! '' 
 said the golem , pleased with itself . 
 its shapeless body took on human curves . 
 its lump of a nose spread with two nostrils . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' said the golem . 
 he looked around , then said . 
 `` allie ! '' 
 and suddenly his mittenlike hand divided into fingers and a thumb . 
 he looked at them curiously . 
 `` yes ! 
 yes , allie ! '' 
 said mikey . 
 `` but ... but what 's an allie ? '' 
 asked the golem . 
 mikey sighed . 
 this was n't going to be easy , this was n't going to be quick , but in everlost , time was a plentiful thing . 
 `` allie 's a friend , '' mikey told him , `` and you and i have to help her . '' 
 the golem stood , then walked , and when mikey felt confident that the golem was sure-footed enough , he led them both west , toward the mississippi , until they could no longer fight the wind . 
 there was no way they could cross the bridge , there was no way they could forge the river ... . 
 ... but there was another way to get to the other side . 
 now , as they stood in place , they both began to sink into the living world . 
 the golem looked down , to see his brown ankles had already disappeared into the earth . 
 `` we sink if we do n't keep moving ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` i remember now ! '' 
 `` good , '' said mikey . 
 `` keep on remembering . '' 
 they were up to their knees now , but mikey made no move to pull himself out , and so neither did the chocolate golem . 
 `` hold on to me , '' mikey told him . 
 `` hold on to me tight , and whatever you do , do n't let go . '' 
 the golem did as he was told , but as they sunk to their waists , he said , `` i do n't think this is a good idea . '' 
 `` it 's all right , '' said mikey . 
 `` we 're just taking a trip . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` we 're going under the river , coming up on the other side . 
 and then we 're heading west to find allie . '' 
 mikey forced his feet and his hands to grow into long , jagged claws , just perfect for moving through the earth . 
 he had once clawed his way back from the center of the earth , he had to believe he could do this ! 
 the wind still blew strong and relentless , but it did not penetrate the earth . 
 soon they had sunk to their chests . 
 `` i 'm scared , '' said the golem . 
 `` so am i , nick . '' 
 but then mikey thought about allie , and came to understand that there was another feeling in him far more powerful than fear . 
 a feeling that made his afterglow turn lavender . 
 he held on to that feeling as he sank to his shoulders , and kept on going . 
 then , in spite of everything , he began to smile . 
 so much of his existence in everlost had been full of despair . 
 despair , and a fear of losing what he had . 
 but allie was not lost , she was just there across the river , waiting for him to find her . 
 nick was not lost either -- not entirely . 
 it was then that mikey mcgill realized something . 
 it must have been his sister who first called this place everlost , because by naming it so , it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her , and the `` safety '' she could provide . 
 well , mary was wrong on all counts , because nothing in everlost was lost forever , if one had the courage to search for it . 
 mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth . 
 then with all the force of his heart , his mind , and his soul , mikey mcgill began to dig . 
 epilogueepilogue requiem for the living on a bench in a train station in the city of little rock , arkansas , sat a girl who made the ticket agent nervous . 
 she had arrived early in the morning , presumably to wait for someone to arrive on the train , but few passenger trains came through little rock 's union station -- in fact it was more of an office building now than anything else . 
 the ticket agent called security , and the two security guards on duty eyed her from a distance . 
 `` a nut job , '' concluded the older man , but the younger guard was not so jaded . 
 he had just turned twenty , and was new to the job . 
 he still saw the best in people . 
 `` maybe she 's just waiting for the texas eagle . '' 
 `` that train 's not due for hours , '' said the older guard . 
 `` i 'm tellin ' ya -- she 's a wacko . 
 sooner or later there 'll be a ` tell ' that gives it away -- you watch ! '' 
 the girl did not have the look of the various and sundry crazies that frequented the nation 's train stations . 
 she was well-dressed -- in fact , overdressed in a emerald-green satin gown . 
 true , her red hair looked a bit disheveled , but she was neither talking to herself or engaging in questionable activities -- although sitting for hours in a train station was , in and of itself , questionable . 
 she was hard not to notice . 
 what with that shimmering gown , she was the only bright spot in the dreary station , and it drew the younger guard 's attention all morning long , until he finally approached her . 
 she was as beautiful up close as she was from a distance , although some discoloration around one eye attested to some sort of trouble . 
 `` are you all right , miss ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` can i help you with anything ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said cheerily . 
 `` i 'm just waiting for a friend . '' 
 `` the train is n't due to arrive for another six hours -- and with that bridge down in memphis , everything 's been rerouted , so it 's bound to be late . 
 would n't you rather come back later ? '' 
 `` my friend is not necessarily arriving by train , '' she informed him . 
 `` oh . '' 
 since he did n't quite know how to respond to that , he just let her be , convincing the other guard not to evict her for loitering . 
 it occurred to him that this girl fit the description of a woman wanted for questioning in the bridge disaster , but there was no way it could have been her . 
 this girl was far too young and innocent to be involved in that kind of thing . 
 she was still there at noon , and was beginning to get fidgety . 
 the young guard had realized she had not eaten -- in fact , she did n't even have a purse or wallet of any kind , so he bought her a bagel at the station caf茅 , and gave it to her . 
 `` on the house , '' he said . 
 `` why , thank you ! '' 
 `` are you sure i ca n't help you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe we could call your friend . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid he has no telephone . '' 
 and clearly neither did she . 
 she ate her bagel slowly , with a grace rarely seen in these days of fast food and stuffed faces . 
 if she was still here when his shift ended , he thought he might offer to buy her dinner -- if only to watch the graceful way she dined . 
 as the day wore on , she became more and more unsettled , and her behavior became such that the older guard crossed his arms and said , `` see , i told you so ! '' 
 but again , the younger guard convinced him to leave the poor girl alone . 
 `` she 's all yours , '' the older man said as he left at the end of his shift . 
 at about four in the afternoon , the girl began to walk around the station with increasing impatience , zeroing in on anyone who lingered alone for too long , and the guard began to truly feel for her . 
 `` is it you ? '' 
 she asked a man who stood reading a newspaper . 
 `` pardon me , i thought you were someone else , '' she said to a worker fixing a vending machine . 
 `` are you someone else ? '' 
 these were all `` tells '' to be sure , and now that she was up and about , there was one more thing to give away the fact that things were n't quite right . 
 it was her dress . 
 it was beautiful , it was elegant , and it still had a price tag hanging from the back . 
 *** the living world had not been kind to mary hightower in the week she had been in it . 
 resilient and adaptive though she was , there were simply some situations she was unprepared for . 
 it was n't only that her sensibilities were suited to a kinder , more genteel time , but she had also forgotten the endless inconveniences of the human body . 
 first there was the weakness brought on by hunger and thirst , which nearly caused her to faint several times during her first few days alive . 
 the need for nourishment was an ever-present nuisance . 
 she abhorred theft of any kind , so she hoped simple human compassion might sustain her . 
 she was appalled at how few people were willing to share their food with her when asked politely . 
 in the end she had to resort to taking food from abandoned plates after the diners had left -- and even then she was constantly shoed away by heartless restauranteurs . 
 she quickly became disgusted with bodily functions as well , but discovered that ignoring them was not a good idea -- and then there was this awful business of body odor . 
 in everlost she always smelled faintly of lilacs and wildflowers -- just like the fields around her on the day she died . 
 well , the living body did not smell at all floral , and although she had worn the same green velvet dress for more than a hundred years , in just a few days it had become so dirty and so foulsmelling that people would keep their distance from her . 
 over the week , as she traveled west , she had come across several men who appeared gallant , and willing to help her -- such as the man who purchased for her the lovely dress she now wore . 
 however there was nothing gentlemanly about them at all . 
 in fact , they turned mean when she did n't return their affection , and left her . 
 well , she thought , at least i have my self-respect , and a new dress . 
 on the night before her arrival in little rock , she bathed herself in a fountain to wash off the stench of living , and groomed her hair with a brush she had found in a drainage ditch . 
 `` meet me in one week 's time , '' milos had whispered to her on that terrible day in graceland . 
 `` one week 's time , at the train station in little rock . '' 
 no matter what she was forced to endure during this terrible week , she was determined to look her best for milos . 
 she knew he would be skinjacking , so there 'd be no way to spot him in advance . 
 all she could do was wait . 
 so that 's what she did . 
 she waited all morning , and all afternoon . 
 but as the day wore on , and the sun began to set , she became increasingly worried . 
 what if milos was n't coming ? 
 what if he had changed his mind ? 
 what if she was now truly stuck in the living world ? 
 and what if this nightmare of a week became her whole future ? 
 she imagined herself aging , her body corrupting with decay . 
 what had she done to deserve such an unspeakable punishment ? 
 a train came , people boarded , people left , and it moved on . 
 it was long after dark now , and milos had not come . 
 she buried her head in her hands and wept . 
 `` listen , miss ... i 'm sorry your friend did n't show ... . '' 
 she looked up to see that nosy young security guard again . 
 she gathered what little poise she could , and pulled a few stray strands of hair back from her face . 
 `` it 's fine , '' she said . 
 `` really it is . '' 
 she looked at the large station clock , which showed half-past nine . 
 they were the only ones left in the station now . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , `` but the building 's closing . '' 
 mary blotted her eyes , as he sat down beside her . 
 `` you must work very long hours , '' she said . 
 `` you 've been here since this morning . '' 
 he offered her an apologetic shrug . 
 `` actually my shift ended a while ago . 
 but i was worried about you , so i stayed . '' 
 then he reached around to the back of her neck . 
 `` you know you left the price tag on . '' 
 `` did i ? 
 i had n't noticed . '' 
 `` might as well be a ` kick me ' sign . 
 may i ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 he reached into his pocket . 
 `` i got this off a troublemaker the other day . 
 he was trying to shoplift cigarettes . '' 
 and he produced a large switchblade . 
 he reached behind her and cut off the tag . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 then he offered her his hand . 
 `` my name is roberto , but my friends call me beto . '' 
 `` a pleasure to meet you , beto . 
 my name is -- '' she hesitated , then said , `` my name is megan . 
 megan mcgill . '' 
 `` listen , '' said beto , `` since we 're closing and all , maybe you might like to go get something to eat . '' 
 mary sighed . 
 so here it was again ; a young man pretending to be a gentleman . 
 was it too much to hope that he could be sincere ? 
 `` yes , '' mary said . 
 `` i would like that . 
 i would like that very much . '' 
 she wiped away the last of her tears and they left -- but before they reached the door , he stopped , as if perhaps he had changed his mind . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said beto . 
 `` i thought i had forgotten my keys , but they 're right here . '' 
 he jingled them in his pocket . 
 `` oh -- so we 're taking your car ... . '' 
 `` got to , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` already missed the train . '' 
 mary wondered how wise it was to get into a stranger 's car , but decided unless she wanted to walk these empty downtown streets alone , she had little choice . 
 `` a city can be a scary place at night , '' said beto , as they stepped out into the cool night . 
 `` but this neighborhood looks worse than it is . '' 
 then he added , `` besides , you have your own personal security guard . '' 
 mary laughed at that , if only to make the moment less awkward . 
 `` this way , '' he said , leading her down an alley . 
 `` the parking lot is in the back . '' 
 he took her hand , and she chose not to resist . 
 `` so what are you hungry for , mary ? 
 chinese food , maybe ? 
 a burger ? '' 
 `` food is food , '' she said . 
 `` anything is fine . '' 
 it was n't until they were halfway down the alley that she realized , and stopped cold . 
 she had told him her name was megan ... not mary . 
 a distant streetlight at the end of the alley lit half of his face , but from this angle his eyes were in shadow , so she could n't be sure . 
 `` milos ? '' 
 then he smiled . 
 `` i was wondering how long it would take for you to figure it out ! '' 
 `` but ... how long ? '' 
 `` do you remember when he stopped to check his keys ? '' 
 milos laughed , and mary launched herself into his arms . 
 she simply could n't stop herself , and in return , he held on to her with arms strong and unfailing . 
 `` you came back for me ! 
 you came back ! '' 
 `` how could i not ? 
 your children need you , '' he said . 
 `` i need you too . '' 
 milos went on to tell her about their week west of the mississippi . 
 the train traveled slowly , stopping at every town they came across , but they had n't found a single afterlight . 
 there were dubious sightings of creatures that seemed part animal , part human , but that may just have been the over-active imaginations of the younger children . 
 `` i 've been thinking about what you said , '' milos told her . 
 `` how you might be able to work from this side . 
 it will be difficult , but it might work . 
 even alive , you can give comfort to your children . 
 of course you wo n't be able to see them , but they can see you . '' 
 `` is anyone with you right now ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 milos shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 we 're all alone in both worlds . '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 and then she did something she never had done in everlost . 
 she kissed him . 
 she kissed him so long and so hard that he had to back away to catch his breath . 
 she knew it was partially the weakness of her flesh that made her do it , but she also knew it was necessary to seal the bond between them . 
 he had come back for her . 
 he did n't have to , he did n't need to -- he could have chosen to rule her children alone , yet he did n't . 
 mary knew what he wanted ; he wanted to take nick 's place in her heart . 
 the least she could do was make him think that he had achieved that goal -- and who knows , maybe someday he would . 
 but for now , she would do him the service of telling him what he wanted to hear . 
 `` you are very special to me , milos , '' she told him . 
 `` you are every bit my equal , and i 'm glad we found each other . '' 
 even in the stark slanted light , she could see that he was blushing . 
 `` so then ... shall i spend some time with you in this body ? '' 
 `` no , '' mary told him . 
 `` i 've spent enough time in this body . '' 
 in fact , she realized , it had been more than enough . 
 she did not want to endure another day in the dread place called the living world . 
 this week had been horrible -- but in a way , it had been a gift to her . 
 it made her realize just how desperately all the people who suffered from life needed to be freed from it . 
 she would free every single one of them if she could -- and maybe someday soon she 'd be in a position to do it . 
 not just a hundred , or a thousand , but all of them ! 
 she would not rest until no one on earth was left alive . 
 of course , just as with bringing down the bridge , it would take planning and precision to bring an end to the world of flesh once and for all , and allow everlost to take its place ... but if it was ever to happen , then it had to start today . 
 not with a thousand souls , but with one . 
 `` i want you to do something for me , milos , '' mary said . 
 `` there 's a switchblade in your pocket ... . '' 
 milos reached into beto 's pocket , pulled it out , and opened it . 
 the blade caught the glare of the streetlight at the end of the alley , casting a long , sharp shadow against the brick wall . 
 `` i do n't belong in the living world , milos . 
 i belong in everlost . 
 i belong with you . '' 
 when milos realized what she was suggesting , his hand began to shake , and she gently touched it to steady it . 
 `` are you ... sure about this ? '' 
 `` more sure than anything . '' 
 `` but you will go into the light . '' 
 `` no -- because you 'll catch me , and stop me . '' 
 `` but then you will fall asleep . 
 you will sleep and you wo n't wake up for nine months ... . '' 
 `` and you 'll protect me while i 'm sleeping , wo n't you , milos ? '' 
 milos took a slow , deep breath , then he nodded . 
 `` yes , i will , '' he finally told her . 
 `` and i promise i will be waiting for you when you awake . '' 
 `` i believe you , '' mary told him . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 but then something troubling occurred to her . 
 milos must have read it in her eyes , because he said , `` do not worry about this fleshie . 
 he was kind to you , and so i will make certain that your body of flesh is never found , and he will never know what he has done . '' 
 mary smiled . 
 `` you think of everything , do n't you ? '' 
 `` it is something i learned from you . '' 
 milos looked to both ends of the alley to make sure they were unobserved , before lowering the blade to her chest . 
 it still quivered in his hand , so he tightened his grip until the blade was still . 
 then in that lonely alley in the living world , megan mary mcgill put her arms over milos 's shoulders , feeling the steel tip of the blade lightly pierce her new satin gown , just barely touching the skin above her heart . 
 she looked into his eyes until she could see milos behind the face of the security guard , and then she commanded in a powerful , impassioned whisper : '' ... bring me home , my love ... . '' 
