 chapter one `` i 'm leaving in a few minutes , mom , '' hannah called out . 
 dressed in her favorite outfit for luck , dark skinny jeans , worn brown leather boots , and a light blue chenille sweater with navy and white stars , she peered out the small oval window that faced the street of the old cottage she was born in . 
 the full moon hung large and low in the sky , lighting the road . 
 she was almost ready to leave and her palms began feeling a little moist as she thought about it , but she was running out of time if she wanted to see pea . 
 as she finished braiding her long auburn hair , hannah crane wrapped an elastic around the end hoping that if her hair was neat , her grandmother would n't give her such a hard time about cutting it . 
 normally she wore it loose and wild to lengthen her round face . 
 she loved feeling her hair sway against the middle of her back , but pea had a hatred for long hair and hannah desperately needed her focused on this short visit . 
 `` here , wear this , '' eliza crane , hannah 's mother said as she handed her a navy and red hooded cloak . 
 `` i just finished it and it 's going to get chilly tonight . '' 
 `` its just going to slow me down , '' hannah said as she slipped her arms into the hidden sleeves . 
 `` i do n't want you to catch cold . 
 plus maybe you can hide your hair in it . 
 i know she 's been on you to cut it . 
 she did the same thing to me when i was your age . '' 
 `` did you do it ? 
 did you give in to her ? 
 i 'm only twenty-two . 
 short hair is better when you 're older , '' she said as she admired her mother 's jet black shoulder length hair . 
 `` besides , i ca n't pull off short hair . '' 
 hannah was pretty sure her mother had been one of those girls she grew up envying . 
 she thought of the women who could do anything to their hair and still look gorgeous , and knew her mother fit in with them perfectly . 
 eliza 's beauty was a regular topic in the town of leeds point , nj and hannah grew up hearing about it often . 
 the only time her mother 's appearance bothered her was when people speculated about her father . 
 they loved pointing out she looked nothing like her mom . 
 with eliza 's warm smile and delicate features , hannah understood everyone 's infatuation with her mother . 
 even dressed in an old t-shirt and sweatpants like she wore now , her mother still looked stunning . 
 `` i did give in , '' eliza said quietly . 
 `` it did n't make her happy though . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` she said it was too late , the damage had been done . '' 
 `` what did she mean by that ? '' 
 `` oh you know pea , she 's always dramatic . 
 i was pregnant with you when i cut my hair . 
 she thinks no one will look at us if we have short hair , '' eliza said laughing nervously as she looked at her watch . 
 `` hmm that sounds about right , '' hannah said , letting the subject drop . 
 she did n't have the time to ask and she knew from experience that eliza would n't say anything more . 
 `` are you going to tell her about school ? '' 
 eliza asked . 
 hannah groaned and rolled her eyes . 
 `` college is the last thing i want to talk about , but you know how it is , mom . 
 i 'm ... i guess i 'm feeling lost . 
 and pea has always been the one to point me in the right direction . '' 
 `` then maybe you should 've spoken to her before you started cutting classes . '' 
 `` please do n't start , mom , '' hannah said as she looked out the window . 
 `` just be glad i graduated . 
 i do n't have the time to talk about this right now . 
 unless you want to come with me . 
 you know pea would be thrilled to see you . '' 
 `` no , it 's alright , honey . 
 you go ahead . 
 i 'm not in the right frame of mind to see pea anyway . 
 send her my love though . '' 
 hannah nodded at her mother but did n't say anything . 
 she could n't remember the last time eliza joined her on a visit to pea . 
 now was n't the time to bring that up though . 
 she could see just the mention of when she was pregnant made her mother shut down . 
 hannah had a lot of questions about her father , but she never drummed up the courage to ask . 
 hearing her mom say she cut her hair was the closest she 'd come to talking about him in years . 
 `` do n't wait up , '' hannah said . 
 after kissing her mother on the cheek , hannah stepped outside and leaned against the heavy , white-washed wooden door of their cottage . 
 the tiny home had been in their family since the days of the pilgrims . 
 it barely had enough space for the two women , but hannah loved it . 
 the full moon made the grassy path curving between the tall pine trees easier to see , but hannah did n't need it . 
 she followed it like she did every full moon , exactly like her mother taught her years ago . 
 she enjoyed these visits with pea , even if they were short . 
 hannah breathed the cool air in deeply , happy for fall to finally arrive in south jersey . 
 it had been a very humid summer and running through the woods made her easy prey for blood thirsty mosquitos . 
 she did n't have to worry about them tonight though , and she never gave any thought to the other creatures in the forest . 
 granted , the last thing she wanted was to run into a `` damned wolf '' , as her mother and pea always referred to them , but that was only because they were rude , dirty , uneducated creatures . 
 at least that 's what they always told her . 
 when her mother and grandmother decided it was better for her to stay home , than go away to college , hannah simply obeyed . 
 it never occurred to her to ask why they were so protective because they always had been . 
 staying home cost her a social life but kept them happy . 
 that 's all she really cared about anyway . 
 but now she was stuck trying to figure out what to do with her life . 
 as she approached the clearing , she slowed down to gather stones . 
 thankful for the unusually bright moon , she found more stones than she usually did . 
 she was grateful for that . 
 there were times when she only had a enough stones for a small circle and she had to stand the entire time . 
 she preferred sitting , especially since it sometimes took pea a long time to arrive . 
 placing the stones in the center of the clearing , directly in the moon 's path , hannah waited for it to reach the right height . 
 spotting a frog , she remembered how much pea hated them and quickly carried it to the base of a tree . 
 with the moon clearly above , she completed the circle with her seated cross-legged inside . 
 hannah closed her eyes . 
 next she breathed in deeply and slowly let it out , letting everything on her mind go as she focused on a memory of her grandmother . 
 she laughed to herself remembering the winking game they played from the time she was a child , until pea 's deathbed six years ago . 
 even with the monthly visits hannah missed her grandmother more than she 'd ever admit . 
 the small house she and her mother shared was n't the same without her . 
 `` i see you still have n't cut your hair . '' 
 hannah smiled hearing pea 's voice before opening her eyes . 
 pea wore the same yellow housecoat she always wore since her death . 
 it was one of her favorites during her life so it did n't surprise hannah at all . 
 pea 's hair was still died black and cut short with curls like elizabeth taylor 's in the fifties . 
 hannah knew her grandmother would be pleased if she cut her hair that short as well . 
 might as well get this over with , she thought . 
 it was 3am , the witching hour as superstitious folk liked to call it , but it was always a favorite time of night for hannah and her family . 
 unfortunately it meant she did n't have a lot of time before the sun began to rise and pea had to go back . 
 `` come on , pea , '' hannah groaned . 
 `` you know how much i hate short hair . 
 maybe i 'll cut it when i 'm older like mom . '' 
 `` you 're stubborn just like her . '' 
 `` and she 's stubborn just like you . '' 
 pea laughed , her full figure jiggling just like hannah remembered and she suddenly longed to be held by her and feel pea 's warmth and softness . 
 `` do n't you dare do that , young lady ! 
 do n't you dare cry . 
 we 're lucky . 
 most people do n't get time like this after their loved one has gone to the other side . '' 
 `` i know , pea , '' hannah said swallowing hard . 
 `` i just ... miss you . '' 
 `` i miss you too , doll . 
 you still need to cut your hair though . 
 let people see that beautiful face . 
 you have my eyes and i like to think mine glow like emeralds , '' pea said as she blinked dramatically , her hands clasped by her cheek . 
 laughing , hannah 's tears still spilled onto her cheeks anyway . 
 pea had a way of feigning vanity that always cheered hannah up . 
 pushing aside her sadness , she figured she should get to what she wanted to talk to pea about before their time ran out . 
 `` pea , '' hannah said hesitantly . 
 `` i finished college - '' `` that 's wonderful ! 
 i wish i could go to your graduation . '' 
 `` i know , but please just let me talk . 
 i really need you right now . '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 you 've worked so hard . 
 i 'm sure - '' `` grandmother , please ! '' 
 she interrupted . 
 `` i did n't work hard . 
 i hardly went to class . 
 i just did n't care . 
 now i 'm supposed to get a job and i have no idea what i want to do . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you used to do so well in school , '' pea 's voice drifted off as if it was time for her to go . 
 she looked up at the moon still brightly lighting the clearing , then back at hannah with a confused look on her face . 
 `` they would n't come here , they know better than to leave their territory . '' 
 hannah looked around . 
 `` they ? 
 there 's no one here . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` hannah ! '' 
 pea said before fading briefly . 
 `` please , stop being so damned stubborn and cut your hair . '' 
 she appeared solid for a moment . 
 `` it 's for your own good ! '' 
 as pea faded a look of concern then anger crossed her features . 
 she glared at a point in the trees as hannah leapt to her feet , staying within the circle . 
 `` pea ! 
 wait ! '' 
 hannah called after her . 
 but it was too late , she was gone . 
 turning towards the area pea stared at as she disappeared , hannah realized it was where she placed the frog . 
 geez , i know she hates frogs but they never bothered her this much before . 
 she broke the circle and began walking over to the tree she set the frog by , when she stopped . 
 something was in the woods . 
 squinting , she tried to get a better look figuring it was just a deer , a raccoon , or even a skunk . 
 slowly , she took a step closer hoping to not scare it away . 
 large yellow eyes suddenly flashed at her from within the trees . 
 stunned , she gasped and stepped back . 
 accidentally stepping onto one of the stones she collected , she twisted her ankle and fell fast to the ground . 
 unsure what the eyes belonged to , she struggled to get up , thinking she should run , and ignoring the shooting pain in her leg as a large grey wolf emerged from the forest , baring its teeth . 
 chapter two the moonlight reflected on his fangs and the silver sheen of his coat . 
 it was enough to paralyze her for a moment . 
 she had never seen such an enormous animal before . 
 unsure if she could n't move out of fear or amazement , she willed herself to stand despite the pain in her right ankle . 
 `` no , sit . 
 you 're hurt . '' 
 the sound was something between an animal 's and a man 's growl . 
 whipping her head around towards the wolf , she saw it was gone . 
 in his place was a part wolf , part man creature in mid-transformation . 
 she watched in amazement as he stood on two legs , his snout shortening into a nose , his ears shifted along his head as they rounded into a human 's ears , and lastly his fur faded . 
 left in the wolf 's place was a man . 
 a nak * d man . 
 one so handsome and muscular she could n't help but stare . 
 he was the hottest man she 'd ever seen . 
 as her eyes slowly traveled up his long legs , she shyly glanced over his impressive manhood before continuing over his chiseled torso , broad shoulders , then finally his lightly bearded face . 
 his eyes were no longer yellow but a dark blue the color of the night sky . 
 his dirty blond hair was wavy , cropped close around his ears , but longer on the top . 
 lastly she noticed the reflection of the moon against his perfect teeth as he grimaced at her . 
 this was the first werewolf she had ever seen and she realized she had missed out on a lot . 
 `` the forest is a dangerous place for a human , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you 're the only danger in these woods , '' she snapped at him . 
 the man stood shamelessly , as if his nudity did n't matter . 
 hannah tried but could n't keep herself from looking at him , especially there . 
 `` you should n't be here . 
 where 's your friend ? 
 i followed one scent but heard two voices . 
 stupid humans , '' he muttered . 
 `` you heard pea ? '' 
 hannah asked surprised . 
 her entire life she had been ridiculed for the voices and people she saw that others could n't . 
 it was n't until she was older that her mother and pea taught her how to control it and how to protect herself in case others responded when she summoned . 
 that 's why she used the circle . 
 but no one other than her family had ever been able to hear the voices she heard before . 
 `` pea ? 
 whatever . 
 the older woman . 
 of course i heard her . 
 i hear lots of things , '' he grinned and flashed yellow wolf eyes at her . 
 `` but she 's ... '' dead . 
 hannah could n't bring herself to say the word . 
 she hoped this rude a ** hole of a gorgeous man would magically read her mind and leave her alone . 
 then she would hobble home once the throbbing in her ankle stopped . 
 `` i do n't have time for this . 
 i should leave you here to learn your fate , '' he said huskily as his gaze briefly softened . 
 `` many wolves would n't be as honorable towards a lost beautiful human such as yourself . '' 
 `` i 'm not lost ! '' 
 hannah replied , trying to stand again . 
 `` i know exactly how to get home . '' 
 `` but you ca n't , can you ? '' 
 he said slowly as he stepped closer . 
 pulling his eyes from her , he looked at the ground and the stones beside her . 
 `` witch , '' he whispered . 
 `` i should 've known . 
 the most arrogant and careless of all humans . '' 
 `` i 'm not careless . 
 i would n't have tripped if you did n't sneak up on me . '' 
 `` you do n't know what exists in these woods . 
 if you know what 's good for you , you wo n't return . '' 
 he helped her onto her feet as if she weighed nothing . 
 his touch sent a shock through her body that ended with a throbbing between her legs . 
 hannah did n't know what came over her , but she felt a yearning for him , like hunger or worse . 
 as if she did n't have him she would starve . 
 he inhaled deeply , still supporting her . 
 his eyes flashed yellow and he let out a low growl . 
 `` how ? 
 what witchcraft have you done ? '' 
 he demanded as he breathed her in again . 
 `` i. . . 
 i just talked to my grandmother , '' she said confused , her head swimming . 
 `` i 'll help you home . 
 this is no place for you . '' 
 he stepped back as hannah struggled to keep her balance . 
 before her eyes his torso lengthened , fur sprouted , and his angelic face transformed into that of a wolf . 
 almost the size of a horse , hannah realized how enormous he really was now that he was standing beside her . 
 amazed , she did n't know what to do next . 
 the wolf grunted , then lowered his head as he pushed between her legs , forcing her to slide onto his back . 
 understanding he planned to carry her home , she wrapped her hands into the thick fur of his wide neck and held on tight . 
 `` the small house at the edge of the woods . 
 by the path , '' she whispered into his pointed , black and white fuzzy ear . 
 he sprung forward , leaping into the air , then raced along the grassy path she followed earlier . 
 the cool air rushed past her , her heart beat wildly , and she felt like she could n't breathe . 
 she wanted to pinch herself to make sure this was n't a dream , but she was too afraid to let go of him . 
 in the back of her mind she thought about him as the man , helping her up , and all her lust came back to her . 
 pressing her face against his neck , she felt the wolf 's muscles working beneath her as he made short work of the long path . 
 thinking about his muscles flexing and stretching when he walked earlier as a man , she let out a soft sigh . 
 as if in reply , he growled ferociously , bringing her back to the trees racing past . 
 slowing down they reached the edge of the forest . 
 with her hands still clinging to the thick fur around his neck , hannah sat up , her hair loosened from the ride , and pointed to the aqua clapboard cottage in the middle of the quiet street . 
 the house was dark except for an electric candle in the oval window that faced the street . 
 hannah knew her mother had gone to bed long ago . 
 she never stayed up the nights hannah visited pea . 
 as she slid off the wolf 's back in front of her porch , she used the white wooden railing to steady herself , putting her weight on her good leg . 
 the wolf shifted back to its human form and grabbed hannah by the arm as he lowered his face to her level . 
 `` never again , you understand ? 
 stay out of the forest , '' he growled . 
 she wanted to speak , to tell him she 'd keep visiting pea no matter what , but his intense gaze made her speechless . 
 the warmth of his breath on her skin made her want to feel the heat of his nak * d body against her . 
 she felt wanton and lustful , two words she 'd never use to describe herself , at least not until tonight . 
 his dark blue eyes flashed yellow . 
 quickly pulling her closer , his lips were on hers , his head tilted . 
 as his tongue pushed into her mouth , she reached up to slip her fingers into his hair , hoping he would n't stop kissing her . 
 as his silky scruff gently scratched her chin , she attempted to press herself against him . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he barked before turning away , his eyes still glowing . 
 `` damn human temptress . 
 stay out of the woods ! '' 
 before hannah could say anything , he was gone . 
 she stared at the forest , disappointed in his leaving so quickly . 
 wondering if he was watching her from the shadows , she silently cursed her ankle for keeping her homebound . 
 she waited in the moonlight for a sign , some proof he was really there but none came . 
 giving up , she entered her home and hobbled over to the kitchen table where she removed her boots . 
 a lock of her hair fell into her face and she pushed it aside and over her ear like she always did . 
 wait a second , she thought . 
 moving her hand in front of her face again , she realized she smelled like him , a combination of the woods and fresh air mixed with his natural musk . 
 as she thought about him , she smiled . 
 she could n't explain it , but there was something about this man she found irresistible . 
 something more than just his incredible looks or amazing kiss . 
 removing her cloak , she sniffed it happy to find his scent there too . 
 she carried her cloak to the couch , draped it around her , and willed herself to dream about the rugged werewolf . 
 chapter three `` hannah , wake up , '' hannah 's mom said as she shook her shoulder gently . 
 `` go to bed . 
 the couch is no place to sleep , its uncomfortable . '' 
 hannah slowly opened her eyes as she tried to remember what happened the night before . 
 did i dream that ? 
 rubbing her eyes she caught the werewolf 's scent again and sat up . 
 her mother paced the room as she spoke , reminding hannah of a caged animal as eliza kept her footing within the confines of the faded floral throw rug . 
 hannah watched her , her hands punctuating her sentences as she rambled on about things hannah did n't care about enough to listen to . 
 glancing towards the picture window that faced the backyard , she wondered what time it was . 
 the sky had the gentle glow of morning . 
 she hated morning . 
 and why was her mom already up ? 
 it was n't like her mother to wear the same thing twice in a row , but hannah was sure those were the same sweats she wore when hannah left to visit pea the night before . 
 giving her mom a closer look , she also realized she had traces of makeup on . 
 she never wore makeup unless she went out . 
 add to that the nervous babble her mother did after every full moon for the past few years . 
 the pacing confused her too . 
 hannah could n't remember when that began , but it was long enough for her to find it endearing instead of worrisome . 
 she wondered if it had to do with her visits to pea , but she knew what would happen if she asked . 
 as hannah wrapped her cloak around her like a blanket , she tuned back in to her mother 's yammering . 
 `` pea would 've killed me if i slept on the couch . 
 and what 's on your cloak ? 
 is that mud ? 
 oh hannah , ca n't you be a little more careful ? 
 give it to me and i 'll throw it in the wash . '' 
 `` no ! 
 just leave it alone , '' hannah said then realized her mother was eyeballing her suspiciously . 
 `` i mean , i 'll take care of washing it myself . '' 
 `` suit yourself . 
 how was pea ? 
 she solve every problem you ever had ? '' 
 `` give it a rest , mom . 
 why you have n't visited her ? 
 i 'm sure she 'd love to see you . '' 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 how about some pancakes ? '' 
 hannah 's mother always changed the subject whenever she was asked why she did n't visit pea . 
 sometimes hannah used it to her advantage , but this was n't one of those times . 
 today she had something else on her mind . 
 `` mom , have you ever met a wolf ? '' 
 `` a wolf ? 
 no , of course not . 
 why ? 
 did you hear differently ? 
 because you know how the townspeople like to gossip . 
 they 'll talk about anything . 
 even if its not true . '' 
 `` i did n't hear anything , relax . 
 i 'm just curious . 
 i mean we 've lived here my entire life , i 've heard you and pea talk about them so i know they 're around , but i 've never seen one . '' 
 `` well you 're not missing anything . 
 they 're wolves , '' eliza said , shrugging . 
 `` nothing more than over sized dogs . 
 and they are dogs , trust me on that . '' 
 `` dogs are great . 
 they 're faithful , loving , and playful . '' 
 `` is that what this is about ? 
 you want a pet ? 
 we can get a goldfish or hamster if you want . '' 
 `` will you stop ? '' 
 hannah said exasperated . 
 `` i 'm not five anymore . 
 and the wolves are more than just dogs . 
 they 're people too . 
 but how is that ? 
 how is it possible ? 
 maybe i 've met a wolf before and did n't even know it . '' 
 `` oh you 'd know it , '' she said as she stopped pacing . 
 `` now tell me what pea said . '' 
 `` stop trying to change the subject , mom . 
 i 'm allowed to be curious about the strange beings in our town . '' 
 `` well then you 're going to have to accept that i do n't have all the answers . 
 werewolves keep to themselves , we keep to ourselves . 
 its better that way . 
 there are fables and folklore of course , but who knows what 's true . 
 all i know is that they 're horrible , selfish creatures . 
 if you ever do meet one , just keep walking . 
 its the best thing you can do . '' 
 eliza wrung her hands together as she finished speaking . 
 hannah knew something was up but she was too tired to probe . 
 with the cloak still wrapped around her , she kissed her mom on the cheek and smelled something familiar . 
 her mother smelled like fresh air , like a werewolf . 
 that 's not right , she thought . 
 `` you just got home , did n't you ? '' 
 she asked her mom . 
 `` why would you hide that from me ? '' 
 `` i did n't want you to worry . 
 i was getting ready for bed when i noticed you were asleep on the couch . '' 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 `` oh , no where . 
 just met an old friend for drinks . '' 
 `` and is this old friend a werewolf ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! 
 you do n't know what you 're talking about ? 
 and what if it was ? 
 but it 's not , '' eliza said nervously , before studying her daughter 's face . 
 `` and how would you know what a wolf smells like ? '' 
 hannah was n't ready for the tables to turn . 
 she wanted to keep her encounter private for a little longer , especially from her mother who would only give her grief . 
 `` just a lucky guess , '' she said hoping her mother wanted to drop it as much as she did . 
 `` pinky has told me some things . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , ok then . 
 i 'm going to bed . 
 good night , hannah . '' 
 `` good night , mom . '' 
 chapter four hannah could n't stop thinking about the wolf . 
 but if she was going to be honest , she could n't stop thinking about the nak * d man . 
 after convincing herself she 'd still be obsessing about him even if he was dressed , she grew more curious about werewolves and wondered how she could find out more since her mother was no help . 
 she could n't believe that after all these years of living in leeds point , that she never thought to pay attention . 
 thinking about her best friend , hannah knew she was the best person to answer all of her questions . 
 pinky smythe immersed herself in the offbeat history of their town and its ties to the occult . 
 not wanting to hear the horrors of how her ancestors were treated , hannah purposefully kept herself ignorant . 
 but now she needed to find out about this werewolf . 
 plus , if she did n't tell someone about him she might explode . 
 grabbing her cell phone , she pressed her friend 's name without needing to look . 
 pinky answered with the sound of children playing in the background . 
 `` hey girlie ! 
 i was just thinking about you ! '' 
 pinky said . 
 `` you got a minute ? 
 i wanted to chat . '' 
 `` what hannah ? 
 you still there ? '' 
 pinky asked . 
 `` i ca n't hear you over the kids . 
 if you can hear me , just come over . '' 
 hannah hung up and slipped her phone into jeans pocket before heading out the door . 
 pinky lived down the road in an old colonial that dated back to the 1700 's . 
 part of the house was used as a nursery school , the rest of the home housed pinky , her parents , and her much younger brother and sister . 
 pinky 's house was hannah 's home away from home . 
 most of the children in leeds point went to the smythe 's nursery school at one point or another , and hannah and her mother were n't any different . 
 the school was the oldest business in the small town . 
 walking behind the pale yellow shingled building , hannah saw her friend surrounded by a group of small children while she read to them . 
 pinky was tall and slim . 
 people always told her she should be a model , but she 'd reply she 'd rather have root canal than be a walking mannequin . 
 wearing her usual dark pink high top converse , jeans , and a loose fitting plum t-shirt , pinky tightened her pony tail while she read one of the children 's favorite fairy tales . 
 pinky looked up , pushed her square plastic framed glasses up her nose a bit , and waved at hannah without skipping a beat in the story . 
 hannah sat crossed legged on the ground next to the kids until the story was over and they ran to the jungle gym , leaving her and pinky behind . 
 `` did you see pea last night ? 
 how 's she doing ? '' 
 `` same as always . '' 
 `` bitch to you about your hair ? '' 
 pinky asked . 
 `` yup , like i said , same as always , '' hannah said grinning , thankful death had n't changed her grandmother . 
 `` i 'm telling you there 's a reason for it . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` nah , she 's just nuts , and you 're superstitious . 
 speaking of , i want to talk to you . '' 
 `` is something wrong ? 
 you never say that , we just talk . '' 
 `` its just that i know you 're into all this weird stuff , like the history of leeds point and the strange stuff you hear about . 
 you know , like occult stuff . '' 
 pinky laughed . '' 
 ` occult stuff ' , says the witch who visits her dead grandmother every full moon , '' she teased . 
 `` yeah yeah , i get it . 
 and i know its crazy that i never paid attention to anything , but i think i 've always been so accustomed to my own weirdness , that i never paid attention to the other strange stuff that 's around us . '' 
 `` just spill it , hannah . 
 what are you getting at ? 
 and why are you acting so weird ? '' 
 `` i met a guy last night , '' hannah said hesitantly , unable to believe what she was about to say . 
 `` except he was n't really a guy . '' 
 pinky leaned forward , ready to jump out of her seat from excitement . 
 `` what was he ? 
 a ghost ? 
 a vampire ? 
 i have n't heard of any of them around , but there 's always the first . '' 
 `` a werewolf . '' 
 `` oooh shifters are so hot ! 
 i think the wolves are the best personally , but i definitely would n't turn down a bear , or even a lion . '' 
 `` there are werebears and werelions too ? 
 and you 've met some ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` jeez , hannah . 
 you never wanted to hear about anything supernatural before so i just kept my mouth shut . 
 i think leeds point is some kind of vortex and all these beings are attracted to coming here . 
 i mean , i do n't think there are that many shifters around , there are territories you know . 
 but we 've got a decent selection of them . 
 remember that guy louis that i was crazy about ? 
 he was a werelion . '' 
 `` get out ! 
 i had no idea ! 
 is that why you never let us meet ? '' 
 `` yeah , he was very open about it and i know how you are , you like your bubble . 
 there 's even a bar that caters to shifters , night shift . 
 but please , tell me about the wolf you met . 
 i 'm dying to hear everything ! 
 what 's his name ? '' 
 hannah blinked . 
 how could she not know his name ? 
 and he knew where she lived . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 `` crap , pinky . 
 i do n't know his name . 
 it 's not like you think anyway . 
 he was pissed i was in the woods . 
 said it was dangerous for me , '' hannah rolled her eyes . 
 `` but ? 
 come on , i know there 's a but . '' 
 `` but i ca n't stop thinking about him or his kiss ! 
 he was perfect . 
 like one of those greek statues . 
 except with a bigger package . '' 
 `` you saw his ... '' pinky asked , her eyes opened wide . 
 `` he shifted from wolf to human so yeah . '' 
 `` wow . 
 and he did n't try to cover up ? '' 
 hannah shook her head . 
 `` my mom and pea always warned me about them . 
 i 'll be honest , i did n't think they existed . 
 i thought it was just another crazy superstition of theirs . 
 but i do n't know what it is . 
 i ca n't get him out of my mind . 
 i need to see him again . 
 i 'd go back in the forest , but with the new moon approaching it 'll be too dark . 
 i guess i 'll have to wait . '' 
 `` fuck that , i 'll take you to night shift . 
 i know the bouncer and he 'll let us in . 
 wolf night is thursdays . 
 i say we go and maybe if we 're lucky your wolf will be there . 
 i know that 's a few days away , but it beats waiting for weeks . '' 
 hannah nodded , her mind spun from agreeing . 
 it was n't like her to hang out at bars , especially not to look for a guy . 
 but this was n't just any guy . 
 she had to see this man again . 
 and she was damn sure she was going to get his name this time . 
 chapter five the street was deserted except for a one story shack at the end of the block . 
 the building tilted a bit to one side as if it would collapse with a strong wind . 
 on the front of the dark grey shack was a green neon sign that said night shift . 
 surrounded by auto body shops and a now defunct processing plant , the bar was tucked away in a part of town hannah had never been to . 
 pinky parked her small sunshine yellow toyota in the lot and stepped out of the car while hannah quickly applied lipgloss using the mirror in the sun visor . 
 as she exited the car , pinky took in a deep breath , then huffed it out and smiled as it made a cloud in the air . 
 `` i love when it gets cold like this , '' pinky said as she look over at hannah . 
 `` wait a sec , you 're not wearing that cloak are you ? '' 
 hannah looked down at herself , the navy cloak her mother made her billowed around her , hiding her lucky outfit . 
 normally she would n't wear the same thing twice when seeing a guy , but he did n't see her lucky star sweater , so she figured it was alright . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 you just said it yourself , its cold . '' 
 `` seriously , please take that off . 
 we 're just a few feet from the door , you 're not going to freeze . 
 i 'm not wearing a jacket , '' pinky said as she twirled in a pair of relaxed fit jeans and an aqua smocked jersey top . 
 `` what 's wrong with my coat ? '' 
 `` its not a coat , its a cloak . 
 there 's no other word for it . 
 plus , you 're wearing that damn thing and with your red hair ... dammit , hannah you do n't see it ? 
 let me put it to you this way . 
 i 'm not taking red riding hood in to see the wolves . '' 
 hannah laughed and shoved the cloak in the backseat . 
 `` sure it 'll be ok in the yota ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` of course , no one 's going to touch a prized vehicle such as this , '' pinky said as she tapped the back of the car where it no longer said the full name of the car brand , only ` yota ' . 
 watching a group of women walk past in mini skirts , hannah felt out of place . 
 each one was more beautiful than the next and each had legs that extended for miles . 
 a couple of them looked at her as they walked past with curious expressions . 
 it only made hannah feel even worse . 
 `` maybe this was n't such a good idea , '' hannah said as she folded her arms in front of herself and stroked the soft fabric of her sweater . 
 `` i do n't know what i was thinking wearing this cutesy sweater . '' 
 `` you do n't fool me , hannah crane . 
 that 's your good luck sweater . 
 you 're hoping to see mr. naked wolfman . '' 
 `` of course , but look at those girls . 
 he 's not going to give me the time of day with them around . '' 
 pinky shrugged . 
 `` they 're not that great ... ok , so they are . 
 but , you never know . 
 maybe he likes stars on sweaters and is tired of gorgeous , sexy women . '' 
 hannah shoved pinky playfully as they walked towards the worn wooden building . 
 the green neon sign cast a strange glow around the doorway and hannah could feel her heart flutter nervously in her chest . 
 she must have slowed down too much for pinky 's taste , because next thing she knew her friend grabbed her by her hand , yanked open the large wood paneled door and pulled her into the building . 
 as they entered the bar , a massive man blocked their way . 
 he was easily the size of the door , with tattoos on both of his arms , and his long hair pulled back into a tight braid . 
 grimacing he looked down at them , then smiled sweetly . 
 `` pinky ! 
 been a long time . 
 i thought you decided to stop slummin ' with our kind , '' he said . 
 `` ha , never ! 
 you know i love you guys . 
 this is my friend hannah . '' 
 `` ahh a first timer , '' he said then wrinkled his brow . 
 `` you smell ... interesting . 
 half breed ? '' 
 `` what me ? 
 no ! '' 
 hannah said shaking her head adamantly . 
 `` hmm ok , if you insist , but i 'd bet at least one of your ancestors was a shifter . 
 if you 're from leeds point like the rest of us , then its likely . 
 well , except for miss pinky here . 
 she 's just special . '' 
 `` aww bubbles , you 're too sweet , '' pinky said before giving the large man a hug . 
 `` head on over to the bar . 
 i 'm sure rafael wants to see you , '' bubbles said as he stepped out of their way . 
 the room was an open space with wood paneled walls that looked sticky with use and age . 
 at one corner a group of four muscular men played pool . 
 a stack of dollar bills grew on the edge of the table as they continued betting . 
 next to the pool table was a small dance floor with several bodies writhing to the beat of the pulsing song coming from the nearby jukebox . 
 at the end of the room , just beyond several round wooden tables with mismatched wooden cafe chairs , was the long bar . 
 still holding her hand , pinky snaked through the crowded room towards two empty stools at the end of the bar and waved at the bartender . 
 rafael was a good looking man with dark brown hair and caramel colored skin in a tight black t-shirt that accentuated his strong physique . 
 `` wow , its like his muscles have muscles , '' hannah whispered . 
 `` mmm he is yummy , is n't he ? '' 
 pinky said . 
 rafael refilled a couple of drinks before sauntering over with a sly grin and a twinkle in his sky blue eyes . 
 `` i knew you could n't resist , '' he said as he leaned over the bar and kissed pinky on the lips before turning to hannah . 
 `` i asked her out last time she was here . 
 she said she 'd never date a bear . 
 talk some sense into her , will you ? '' 
 he grinned mischievously before winking at pinky and walking away to mix a couple of drinks . 
 `` a bear ? '' 
 hannah whispered as she leaned in towards her friend . 
 `` i thought you said it was wolf night . 
 and look at him ! 
 i ca n't believe you said you would n't date him because he 's a bear . '' 
 `` he works here . 
 it 's only the patrons who have to be whatever shifter night it is . 
 just like bubbles . 
 he 's not a wolf either . 
 anyway i only said that to get rafael off my back . 
 he was pushing hard for a date and it got me worried . '' 
 `` worried ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` because i 'm human . 
 there are a lot of shifters who date humans just because we 're human . 
 they think we 're easy . 
 there 's no mates or packs or anything complicated like that , so in that sense we are easy . 
 but that 's not the easy he 's thinking . '' 
 hannah looked back over at rafael . 
 even though he was at the other end of the bar , his eyes were still on pinky . 
 `` and you do n't want to sleep with him ? '' 
 pinky laughed . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 that man is fine ! 
 no , he 's fiiiiiiiiiinnne . 
 i 'd love to sleep with him . 
 but i know how i am . 
 i 'd get all attached and he 'd get over the whole f ** king a human thing and ditch me . 
 then what am i supposed to do ? 
 this is the only place anyone can go to meet a shifter without worrying about territory , so i 'd have no choice but to see him . '' 
 `` wait , step back a sec . 
 you keep saying things i do n't understand at all . 
 mate ? 
 packs ? 
 territory ? 
 i did n't realize there was a whole vocabulary to know . '' 
 rafael came back and set down two pink frozen drinks with umbrellas , cherries and hunks of pineapple sticking out of the tall curvy glasses . 
 `` lava flow . 
 your favorite , right pinky ? 
 see i remember everything . '' 
 `` thanks rafael , '' pinky said as she took a sip . 
 `` what do i owe you ? '' 
 `` a date . 
 that 's all i ask . 
 no strings attached , '' he said . 
 `` if you 're worried about anything , bring your friend along . 
 by the way the wolves are drooling over her i 'm sure she 'll have no problem finding a date . '' 
 hannah looked around the room . 
 she noticed how a lot of the wolves gave her the once over , but she thought it was all in her head . 
 scanning the room she knew they were all shifters , but she did n't know how she knew . 
 unfortunately the one wolf she was looking for was n't there . 
 rafael leaned in towards the two of them . 
 `` watch for this one , '' rafael growled low , under his breath as a man made his towards them . 
 `` he 's omega . '' 
 pinky grabbed hannah 's arm and quickly whispered , `` i 'm sorry , i forgot how little you know . 
 i 'll explain it all later but omega means he does n't have a pack . '' 
 a thin man , on the smaller side of every other wolf in the bar , with wispy light brown hair and tortoiseshell glasses sat on the stool beside hannah . 
 he put his hand up to order a beer , but rafael ignored him . 
 feeling bad for him , hannah reached over the bar , grabbed a glass , and poured a beer from the tap in front of her then slid it over to him . 
 `` thank you , but you did n't have to do that , '' the omega said with a thick southern drawl before he took a sip . 
 `` he would 've given in eventually . 
 there 's no rule that says you have to be bound to a pack . '' 
 he looked around as if he was speaking to all the other wolves in the bar , before focusing back on hannah . 
 `` i 'm james renfield , or just renfield as most people call me . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , i 'm hannah and this is pinky , '' she said as pinky turned away . 
 `` their alpha knows i 'm here , '' he said to pinky looking hurt before focusing back on hannah . 
 `` he 's a strict wolf , but reasonable as long as you register when passing through his territory . 
 i 'm sure you know that . '' 
 `` alpha ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` sorry but all this is new to me . '' 
 `` new ? 
 really ? '' 
 renfield said excitedly . 
 `` forgive me , i thought you were ... never mind . 
 i 'm sure you heard i 'm omega . '' 
 `` yes , but i really do n't understand . '' 
 `` look around . 
 you see all those strong , beautiful bodies ? 
 those are all grey wolves . 
 they are also all part of the rowan pack . 
 a pack lives within its own territory and has its own laws and protections . 
 these laws are created and enforced by the pack 's alpha . '' 
 `` why are n't you part of the pack ? 
 is it because you 're different ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` ah , how nice of you to notice . 
 i am different . 
 i am a red wolf , but no , that 's not why i 'm not part of this or any other pack . 
 the red wolves are in danger of extinction . 
 because of that the shifter council has seen fit to allow red wolves into packs with grey wolves . 
 i simply choose to not be part of a pack . '' 
 `` but what about protection ? 
 you said the pack - '' `` no , '' he said cutting her short , `` i do n't need their protection . 
 i respect caleb as the alpha so i let him know of my presence . 
 i do n't need anything from them and they certainly do n't want anything from me . 
 the pack 's day will come though . 
 mark my words . '' 
 he was silent for a moment when his expression suddenly changed from anger to sadness . 
 `` and when that happens i hope you 're no where near these shifters . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` stay away from them . 
 that 's all i can say . 
 you 're putting yourself in danger by coming here . '' 
 renfield drank the last of his beer and smacked a hundred dollar bill he pulled out of his wallet onto the bar . 
 `` your drinks are on me the rest of the night . 
 after that forget everything you learned about shifters and this place , hannah . 
 their day is coming . '' 
 before she could speak , he disappeared into the crowd . 
 hannah turned back to pinky who was deep in conversation with one of the waitresses . 
 rafael took the cash then leaned across the bar towards hannah . 
 `` whatever he said , do n't listen to him . 
 red wolves are known to have a few screws loose . 
 they 're a lot like coyote . 
 just relax and enjoy yourself . 
 look , you and pinky are n't even the only humans here . '' 
 hannah followed his gaze across the dance floor , towards the tables where a beautiful woman with jet black hair sat . 
 she wore a sparkly white top that made her look ethereal despite the plunging neckline . 
 seated across from her was a brawny , handsome older man with salt and pepper hair . 
 hannah could n't speak . 
 without looking , she swatted at pinky . 
 `` hey , that hurt ! '' 
 pinky said , then noticed what hannah was looking at . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 did you tell her we were coming here ? '' 
 `` of course not ! 
 she would 've freaked if she knew . '' 
 `` then why is she here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'm going to find out , '' hannah said as she hopped off her barstool . 
 hannah never lied to her mother before , but not telling something and lying we 're two different things . 
 suddenly she realized her mother had n't been telling her much lately either . 
 like why did she smell like a shifter last week ? 
 had she been at night shift ? 
 never in a million years did hannah think she 'd see her mother at a shifter bar , or any bar , yet there she was . 
 `` mom ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 hannah asked when she got to the table . 
 `` hannah ? '' 
 eliza looked confused and began nervously wringing her hands . 
 `` i suppose i could ask you the same . '' 
 `` i just do n't understand . 
 all these years all you ever said ... '' were bad things about werewolves , hannah wanted to finish saying , but could n't . 
 `` it 's complicated . 
 and something we can talk about another time . '' 
 `` fine , whatever . 
 i do n't think i even care , mom . 
 i 'm just surprised to see you here . '' 
 hannah looked at the handsome man across the table from her mother and then noticed an old photograph she did n't recognize on the table . 
 whatever was going on , she was done interrupting . 
 `` i 'll see you later , mom . 
 i 'm going to visit pea . '' 
 `` but its not a full moon . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i just really need her right now . 
 maybe i 'll get lucky . 
 you know i do n't need the full moon , it just helps . '' 
 eliza nodded and lowered her head as hannah kissed her on the cheek . 
 hannah could tell whatever her mother was going through , it would take some time before she was ready to talk . 
 she also knew it involved pea somehow . 
 hannah returned to the bar where pinky was flirting with a tall , hunky man with dark brown hair . 
 she hated having to interrupt , but needed to get out of there . 
 `` i 'm sorry pinky , but can we go ? '' 
 `` one sec , hannah . 
 i 'd like to introduce you to cade . 
 we were just talking and i think i found your guy . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 pinky left her stool and moved hannah a couple of feet away before excitedly speaking . 
 `` cade was just telling me how there 's been some territory problems recently . 
 some wolves have been found dead and others are missing . 
 they 're not sure yet whether its hunters or a rival pack , but the rowan alpha has taken it upon himself to patrol the area . 
 including parts just outside their territory . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry pinky , its been a long night . 
 spill . 
 what are you trying to say ? '' 
 `` that man you ca n't get out of your head ? 
 that 's their alpha , caleb . 
 that 's mr. naked wolfman . '' 
 hannah could n't explain how , but she knew pinky was right . 
 now more than ever , she needed to get back to the woods . 
 she had to see him again . 
 chapter six the night air was cool , crisp , and still . 
 almost too still . 
 that meant the other creatures in the forest knew there was an intruder , for good or bad . 
 the rash of recent killings could have destroyed many other packs , but as alpha he was n't going to let that happen . 
 caleb heard of other alphas being challenged and even removed for less . 
 he 'd be damned if any of his pack was going to take his place . 
 they 'd have to kill him first . 
 but that was the risk one took in being alpha . 
 sitting on a high tree branch in human form , he looked out and below for what the disturbance could be and spotted the small human running towards the clearing , her long dark red hair flowing behind her . 
 just like a human to not listen . 
 stupid human ! 
 he thought to himself as he sighed . 
 bad enough she entranced him so she was the only thing on his mind . 
 it had to be witchcraft . 
 since he saw her , she consumed his thoughts . 
 he needed her like the air he breathed , he knew without her he 'd suffocate . 
 caleb could n't forget the weight of her body on his wolf form , and how badly he wanted to shift back and take her on the forest floor . 
 his lips still remembered her softness . 
 and how she tasted of fresh picked berries . 
 caleb heard stories of wolf charmers who could not only entrance the wolf but control shifters as well . 
 some of these tales ended in the old leeds graveyard where the accused were killed by stoning , pressing , or the common death of burning . 
 he knew these witches were still in existence today , just as his kind had lived then . 
 but he never heard of such a strong charm to make a shifter , and an alpha at that , obsess about the caster of that spell . 
 perhaps it was n't a spell at all . 
 she did have the scent . 
 or did he imagine that ? 
 it was the scent every shifter lives for , but few ever find . 
 the scent was their reason for being , the acknowledgement from the beyond that yes , there is happiness for you . 
 it meant not just the completion , but the betterment of one 's soul . 
 one 's soulmate ; the fated mate . 
 it did n't make any sense though . 
 while she had the scent his mind and body registered as his , the fated mate was to be one of his kind . 
 a shifter . 
 werewolf to be more exact . 
 her scent was one of warmth and sweetness that he could only describe as reminding him of his mother 's homemade cookies . 
 it awakened a longing and yearning in him , but also drove his wolf spirit mad with desire . 
 the girl was human though , at best a witch . 
 it made no sense . 
 maybe it was part of her charm . 
 she had to be a strong witch to captivate him like this and confuse him enough to think she could be the one . 
 or maybe she just was . 
 using his strong hands to lower himself from the tree , he beckoned his wolf spirit to take over and bring him to the clearing . 
 the cool air rushed past his face as he ran in wolf form . 
 low branches from the trees and shrubs in the forest whipped against his thick coat until he slowed at the edge of the clearing to spy upon the girl . 
 she was collecting stones again . 
 her collection was n't as large as last time and he could hear her cursing the moon for not being full . 
 her brazenness made him smile . 
 shifting back to his human form , he inhaled deeply when he realized her scent was stronger tonight than it had been last time they met . 
 he wondered why that was . 
 oddly , she smelled almost like a shifter . 
 but not quite . 
 still , her scent made his blood rush . 
 he wanted to hold her , to feel the softness of her skin and her warm body against his . 
 he needed to bury his face in her luscious hair and breathe her in . 
 at a minimum , he had to be near her . 
 spotting a large , white stone at his feet , he picked it up and entered the clearing . 
 he knew if any of his pack saw him in such a vulnerable state , it could be his death . 
 but at that moment he did n't care about being alpha , all he cared about was her . 
 with her back towards him , he watched her for a moment before stepping closer knowing she had no idea she was n't alone . 
 it was why she was in danger . 
 why he tried to warn her . 
 none of that mattered anymore . 
 as he moved closer to her , her scent overwhelmed him and he vowed to protect her at all costs . 
 `` i told you to never return to these woods , '' he growled at her . 
 `` yes , yes , oh so dangerous , '' she said as she turned around then looked at his hand . 
 `` is that for me ? 
 or were you planning on using it to bash my head in ? '' 
 she grinned wryly at him before picking up another rock . 
 `` it 's for you , '' he said as he held it out to her . 
 `` so now you 're helping me ? '' 
 `` i know your kind . 
 stubborn , inflexible , challenging . 
 you 'll do whatever it is you want despite what i say . 
 maybe even because of what i said . '' 
 `` so , you admit there 's no danger besides yourself . '' 
 she was playing with him , of that he was certain . 
 growling softly he forced himself to calm down when he wondered if she was right . 
 maybe he was a danger to her . 
 `` human , my pack has seen many deaths recently . 
 i 've taken it upon myself to make sure even the neutral zones on the outskirts of my territory remain safe . '' 
 `` are we in your territory now ? '' 
 she asked with her head tilted to the side . 
 `` no . 
 this area , and this clearing were spoken for centuries ago by another . '' 
 `` then i do n't need to worry . 
 if anything , you 're trespassing , right ? '' 
 he refused to answer . 
 this territory had n't been touched by a pack for as long as he could remember . 
 there were tales the clearing was haunted , but caleb did n't believe in such nonsense . 
 `` the danger is n't just for my pack . 
 your small human mind can not comprehend the enormity of these acts . '' 
 `` stop talking to me like that ! 
 do you realize how much of an a ** hole you are ? '' 
 `` how dare you talk to me that way , witch ! '' 
 `` it 's hannah . '' 
 `` hannah , '' he said huskily and caught her smiling . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 've been rude . 
 i 'm caleb overstreet . '' 
 `` so , caleb ... do n't you get cold ? '' 
 he laughed realizing she was referring to his nudity . 
 slowly he admitted to himself that what angered him , interested him as well . 
 not only did this woman have the scent of his mate , but she was n't afraid to speak back to him . 
 he enjoyed the challenge . 
 `` yes , i do feel the cold but not the way you do . '' 
 stepping closer to her , he felt the warmth her body gave off . 
 as he looked into her bright green eyes he felt like he had been struck by lightning , and the world around them disappeared . 
 the wind whipped her hair into her face and he gently pushed it back behind her ear . 
 with his fingers now at the back of her head , he pulled her close to him , slowly tilted his head to the side as he breathed her in , and lightly touched his lips to hers . 
 her heat filled him as it had during their first kiss . 
 softly his tongue traced her bottom lip before he pulled it into his mouth . 
 he wanted to consume her . 
 pushing his tongue into her mouth , her tongue slid against his and he wondered why a human would smell and taste so sweet to him . 
 but was she human ? 
 as her arms slipped around his shoulders , he noticed she felt stronger than she had when she rode him . 
 it did n't make sense , but she definitely had a stronger scent too . 
 he stepped back , confused and unsure if he would be able to control himself if he did more than kiss her . 
 slipping his hand out of her silky hair , he rubbed his cheek against his palm letting her hair slide between . 
 he could n't get enough of her , but he needed to go . 
 a run in the cold air would do him good . 
 `` i must leave you . 
 it 's dangerous and i beg you to go , '' he said , unsure if he was the danger he warned her about . 
 `` no . 
 i just need a few minutes . 
 i need to talk to pea . 
 i 'm so confused . 
 my mother ... and night shift ... '' `` the bar ? 
 what were you doing there ? 
 that 's not a place for someone like you . 
 the shifters there ... '' he stopped speaking as he realized he was becoming possessive for no reason . 
 `` i was looking for you , '' she said . 
 grabbing her cloak , he yanked it open as he pulled her close once more . 
 he ran his face along her neck , breathing her in . 
 his hands firmly moved over her soft br ** sts and he felt her n ** ples harden through her sweater . 
 growling , he restrained himself , fighting his desire and his hardening cock , before kissing her roughly , claiming her mouth as his . 
 quickly shifting into his wolf form , he forced himself away . 
 at full speed he plunged into the woods , his long claws ripping through the earth . 
 he needed this run to clear his head , but he would keep an ear out in case hannah needed him . 
 chapter seven breathless from his touch , hannah stood there , her panties wet and her body needy and alive for him . 
 words could n't describe the effect caleb had on her . 
 and with how quickly he shifted and ran , hannah needed to pinch herself to make sure she was n't dreaming . 
 ouch ! 
 ok , definitely not dreaming . 
 looking up at the sky , she had no idea if pea would appear on a night like tonight . 
 hannah usually visited pea during full moons because that was when she was at her most powerful , not because she could n't summon her other times throughout the month . 
 still holding the rock caleb handed her as if it was her prized possession , she finished constructing her small circle . 
 she did n't have much time left . 
 the edges of the sky were already lightening into a pale blue . 
 as she stood in her circle , she closed her eyes and tried to clear her mind of everything except pea . 
 it was harder than she thought . 
 caleb kept creeping into her mind , making her smile and her core throb as she wondered where he was and when she 'd see him again . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i 've been in this clearing . '' 
 hannah 's eyes flew open when she heard the unfamiliar woman 's voice . 
 standing in front of her , fading in and out as if there was a bad connection , stood a woman , not much older than her , but dressed in the plain clothing hannah recognized as what they wore in in colonial times . 
 she wore a long pale green cotton dress with an apron over it . 
 even with her hair tucked into her white bonnet , hannah could see auburn wisps brushing against her cheek and spilling onto her neck . 
 hannah knew her hair would do the same thing if she tried to contain it and because of that , she knew the woman was an ancestor . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 the woman blinked at her for a moment , a look of surprise on her face then rushed closer to her circle . 
 stunned , hannah resisted the urge to step back , reminding herself she was safe . 
 `` it 's really happening ! 
 you 're really doing it ! '' 
 the woman exclaimed . 
 `` the curse is being lifted . 
 you must be the thirteenth . 
 oh goodness , where are my manners ? 
 i 'm rebekah crane , but most people know me as mother leeds . '' 
 `` mother leeds ? 
 as in leeds point ? 
 the jersey devil ? '' 
 hannah asked in awe . 
 she disappeared briefly then looked more vibrant . 
 `` i lost faith for so long . 
 the thirteenth daughter . 
 oh and look , you have my hair and his - '' mother leeds suddenly faded and was replaced by pea . 
 `` go home , hannah ! 
 it 's too dangerous here . 
 and cut your damned hair ! '' 
 pea yelled . 
 `` but pea - '' hannah said , surprised at her grandmother 's anger . 
 `` i thought it was eliza , but its you . 
 i did what was needed to protect you both . 
 now please cut your hair . 
 your scent stems from there . 
 it 's how he found you . '' 
 pea disappeared . 
 alone again hannah tried calling either woman back , but it was useless . 
 there was too much light in the sky . 
 picking up the stone caleb gave her , she broke the circle , put the stone in her pocket , and started the walk home . 
 the sky was an odd combination of blue and pale yellow layers . 
 the sun still had n't broken the horizon . 
 noticing the forest was oddly quiet , she picked up her pace . 
 by this time the birds usually began their morning chorus , but there was nothing . 
 as hannah stroked the stone in her pocket , she exited the woods with the feeling she was being watched . 
 feeling anxious , she ran down the road towards her home . 
 she tried convincing herself she was just spooked , but it was no use . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that she was n't alone . 
 as she stepped onto the sidewalk leading up to her door , a thin animal , no larger than a medium size dog stepped out of the trees . 
 surprised , she stopped and watched it approach as she tried to figure out what it was . 
 one thing was certain , it was a shifter . 
 the animal had a reddish coat and long pointy ears . 
 it was too big to be a fox . 
 a coyote ? 
 no , coyote were n't brave enough to approach alone like this . 
 slowly it dawned on her . 
 wolf . 
 red wolf . 
 `` renfield ? '' 
 she asked , remembering their conversation from earlier . 
 the wolf walked behind a bush and when he was done changing to human , renfield stood up using the foliage to cover his private area . 
 why did he follow her ? 
 something deep inside her told her to run inside the house , but she ignored that and waited to find out what he wanted . 
 `` they look down on me , '' renfield said . 
 `` they call me omega . 
 they 're beta . 
 they follow their alpha mindlessly like sheep . 
 how does that make them better than me ? '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i caught your scent earlier in the woods , it 's too good to pass by and its getting stronger , '' he said as he stepped forward , forgetting his modesty . 
 `` you have n't been claimed yet . 
 i have no desire for a mate , but that does n't mean i ca n't have a little fun . '' 
 hannah watched in horror as renfield quickly shifted back into the red wolf and charged towards her . 
 frozen to the ground in shock , she willed herself to move , to run into the house , but she could n't . 
 with her breath caught in her throat as renfield came just several feet away from her , she managed a whisper , `` caleb . '' 
 a strong gust of wind and the coarse hair of a grey wolf brush against her as it collided mid-air with renfield . 
 the wolves ' upper bodies rose into the air as they stood on their hind legs . 
 caleb easily flipped the smaller wolf , pinning him down on his back , and stood over him , teeth bared and snarling . 
 the rush of relief that ran through her body enabled her to move once more . 
 taking a step towards them , she was startled when the grey wolf turned to growl at her . 
 understanding he wanted her away , she ran up the steps of the cottage and waited . 
 caleb focused on the smaller wolf , his teeth still bared , a low growl coming from deep in his throat . 
 in an effort to shake the larger wolf , renfield bucked and twisted . 
 caleb 's jaws snapped onto his neck . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 hannah called out as she left her porch . 
 caleb stopped . 
 his teeth having punctured the skin . 
 slowly transforming back to human , renfield whimpered , his neck bleeding as he turned to hannah . 
 `` you did n't have to do that , '' he said . 
 `` i was wrong . 
 i even smelled the alpha on you , but that did n't stop me . '' 
 caleb released renfield who reached up to check his neck . 
 `` i 've lived through worse . '' 
 taking a step towards hannah , the grey wolf snapped ferociously , stopping renfield in his tracks . 
 `` hannah , you 're in danger , '' renfield said . 
 `` my master knows of the crane curse . 
 his pack has waited centuries for you . 
 please , go back to your old life . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` your scent . 
 he 's going to follow your scent . 
 even if i tell him nothing , he will find you , '' renfield 's voice heightened with fear as he turned to the grey wolf . 
 `` he will use her to destroy our kind ! '' 
 caleb shifted back and grabbed renfield 's arm . 
 his eyes were intense as he loomed above the smaller man . 
 `` speak ! 
 what do you know ? '' 
 `` nothing , i swear i know nothing . 
 just that he 's been looking for the emerald eyed witch who can charm wolves . 
 the thirteenth daughter . 
 he hates your kind . '' 
 renfield turned back to hannah . 
 `` your scent grows stronger the more you 're with him . 
 please , save yourself ! '' 
 `` is your master behind the slaughter of my pack ? '' 
 caleb demanded . 
 renfield yanked his arm away from caleb . 
 `` i do n't know for sure , but its why i 'm here . 
 i needed to find out more when i heard of the deaths . 
 he is not my master by choice . 
 he saved me and for that i owe him my life . 
 you think of me as omega , but i know honor and respect like my wolf brethren . 
 something other shifters do not . '' 
 `` who is your master ? '' 
 `` hawthorn . 
 coyote . '' 
 renfield turned around , revealing four large misshapen scars that resembled a bear 's claw . 
 he shifted back into wolf form , and trotted down the street before disappearing into the woods . 
 caleb turned to hannah and as he stepped towards her , she jumped into his arms . 
 relieved to be safe and in his embrace , she melted into his strong embrace and let him support her body as she clung to him . 
 `` thank you for saving me , '' she whispered as she pressed her cheek against his scratchy beard . 
 `` hannah , you are in danger . 
 he 's right . 
 your scent grows stronger each time i see you . 
 you 're changing . '' 
 `` i 'm not changing . 
 i 'm the same as i 've always been . '' 
 `` no , hannah . 
 i do n't understand how but you 're changing . 
 you 're becoming one of us . '' 
 `` no ! 
 how can that be ? 
 you 're wrong , '' she said as she stepped back confused . 
 `` you are . 
 look at your eyes , '' caleb said . 
 hannah did n't have to . 
 deep down , something within her said he was telling the truth . 
 she felt the difference within her as the wolves fought , but did n't understand it . 
 without needing a mirror , hannah knew her eyes glowed amber . 
 chapter eight `` how is this happening ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` a person does n't just change into a werewolf . '' 
 caleb saw confusion spread across her pretty face . 
 he knew he had to help her control it or as the wolf spirit grew , it would consume her . 
 `` come with me , '' he said as he took her hand . 
 `` we need to go somewhere safe , where we can talk . '' 
 `` then come inside . 
 god only knows what my mother is up to , but the lights are out so i guess she 's still at night shift . '' 
 hannah shook her head . 
 `` do n't ask . '' 
 she pulled out an old bronze key and unlocked the door . 
 they entered a small hallway which led to an open room with a couch and the tv at one end and a kitchen at the other end . 
 hannah disappeared through a door then reappeared holding a pair of baby blue sweatpants and a white oversized button shirt that she handed to him . 
 `` i 'm sure they wo n't fit , but you have to put something on , '' she said . 
 `` why ? 
 does it bother you that i 'm nak * d ? '' 
 caleb watched as her cheeks turned red . 
 he laughed heartily , then took the clothes and pulled on the pants . 
 they were tight , almost like a second skin and the bottoms of the sweatpants only reached his calves . 
 he held the shirt up to his large chest , showing her how small the shirt really was , shrugged and put it on even though he could n't button it . 
 `` do you want anything ? 
 coffee ? 
 hot chocolate ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he smiled . 
 `` its very nice of you to be polite , but i know where your head is . 
 you 're thinking about your eyes and wondering what 's next . '' 
 as she nodded , caleb noticed tears in her eyes . 
 `` come sit with me , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want to be a wolf . 
 it was hard enough growing up as a witch , and that people did n't know just by looking at me . 
 i ca n't walk around with yellow eyes . '' 
 `` relax , '' he said as he took her hand and closed his large hands around it . 
 `` i know you can do this . 
 just listen to me . 
 you know how you focus on pea in the circle to make her come ? '' 
 `` yes , but what does that have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` use that focus . 
 focus on your eyes and that beautiful green color they used to be . '' 
 `` you think my eyes are beautiful ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he smiled softly at her and stroked her cheek . 
 `` the most beautiful i 've ever seen . 
 now concentrate on them . 
 clear everything from your mind except for what color your eyes were . '' 
 she closed her eyes for a minute and when she opened them they were emerald again . 
 smiling , she slumped back against the couch and let out a long sigh . 
 `` thank you . 
 is that how you change ? '' 
 `` yes , although it becomes easier the more you do it . 
 you need to control it so it does n't control you . 
 you never want to meet a shifter who is n't in control of his animal spirit , they 're dangerous . 
 there are times when circumstances force it to take control . 
 like earlier , '' he said . 
 `` when renfield attacked you , becoming a wolf was n't a thought . 
 it just came naturally because i had to protect you . 
 i 'm sure that 's why your eyes turned . 
 your wolf spirit was ready to protect you too . '' 
 `` my wolf spirit ? 
 nothing makes any sense anymore . 
 my entire life i 've been told wolves were awful , disgusting , and untrustworthy . 
 and then i meet you . '' 
 `` you feel what i do , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 caleb had been wanting to talk to her . 
 although she did n't know anything about fated mates , he believed she had to feel the same thing he felt . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know what i feel . 
 i 'm so confused . 
 i ca n't explain it . '' 
 `` i ca n't explain it either , '' he said feeling the pull to her grow even stronger . 
 `` let me tell you what i do know . 
 every time i see you , your scent grows stronger . 
 and your scent ... '' he shook his head as he thought about the deliciousness of it , `` its the most amazing thing . '' 
 `` caleb , you keep talking about scents and wolf spirits , but i do n't understand . 
 none of that means anything to me . '' 
 `` no one really understands how shifters came to be . 
 some say we 're just human hybrids , others say it 's magic , or a curse . '' 
 `` a curse ? 
 like from witchcraft ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` yes , exactly . 
 some of the earliest texts on werewolves link them with witches . 
 there are accounts dating back to the witch trials in europe accusing witches , both male and female , of being wolf charmers . '' 
 `` you mean witches that could make the wolves do what they wanted ? '' 
 `` yes , like attack a neighbor 's livestock . 
 honestly when we first met i was so drawn to you that i was sure you charmed me . '' 
 `` well if i charmed you , i must have done a lousy job . 
 you kept trying to get rid of me , '' she said laughing . 
 `` it was your scent . 
 you had the scent of a wolf , but it was clear you were n't . 
 the next time we met i thought you might be a half breed , but you did n't have that scent either , '' he said as he shook his head , still confused . 
 `` let me keep explaining . 
 there are half breeds , but they 're rare . 
 and they do n't have as strong of a scent as you do . 
 all the shifters i know can trace their animal ancestry back centuries . '' 
 `` and the wolf spirit ? '' 
 `` most of the packs in leeds point believe that our ability to shift into animal form is from our ancestors . 
 we can trace our roots back to people who believed an animal spirit protected and helped them . 
 these spirits were separate from the humans at that time , but there 's evidence that they eventually joined , enabling us to transform . '' 
 `` so you speak to other packs ? 
 i was n't sure since when i was at night shifts it was wolf only . '' 
 `` there are some who wo n't fraternize with the other shifters , but as alpha i like to keep communication open so we can work together . 
 like now with the murders . '' 
 `` is it only wolves that are in danger ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` so far , but you never know . 
 there are other shifters missing . 
 whoever is at the root of it obviously has a problem with wolves , but from my experience if this pack gets too confident , they 'll go after the others . 
 i 've been working with the bear and panther alphas to watch the forest . 
 the woods seem to be at the center of this . 
 that 's how i found you . 
 i followed your scent out of my territory into the neutral zone , which is where you live . '' 
 `` neutral zone ? 
 i ca n't believe all of this has been going on my entire life and i knew nothing about it . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you have no idea how much has gone on in leeds point . 
 where you live and where the clearing is , are all parts of an abandoned territory . 
 they believe it was once managed by a wolf , but no one knows for sure so the shifter council declared it neutral . 
 we ca n't figure out where the murders are taking place though . 
 there are no clues , just the bodies left behind . 
 at first we thought it was hunters , but there 's been too many deaths and no signs of gunshots or bows . '' 
 `` do you think hawthorn is behind this ? '' 
 `` renfield seemed to believe so . 
 and the coyote has long been an enemy of the wolf . 
 they refuse to accept their place . 
 many of them let their coyote spirit rule so it would n't surprise me . 
 i 'll have to notify the council with an emergency meeting . 
 i 'll also have to tell them about what renfield said about you . 
 if the coyote believe you to be a wolf charmer then you 're not safe . 
 your scent continues to grow stronger and they 'll follow your scent just like i did . '' 
 `` maybe i need to shower more , i did n't realize i had such an odor , '' she said jokingly . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 we 're shifters . 
 we 're part animal . 
 a lot of what we do is based on scent . 
 its how we 've survived all these centuries , '' he said , then paused before continuing . 
 `` do you believe in soulmates ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know anymore . 
 i mean when i thought about my family , none of the women in my family had ever been in a long term relationship , let alone married . 
 so i did n't believe in it . '' 
 `` did n't ? '' 
 he said noticing she spoke in past tense . 
 `` i did n't either . 
 not until i met you . 
 shifters refer to soulmates as our fated mate and we find them by their scent . 
 no one else will have that special scent and it pulls at every cell in our body once we find that person . 
 you are my fated mate . 
 and i know you feel it too . '' 
 `` i do n't know what i feel , '' she said . 
 `` i 've never felt like this before . 
 i ca n't explain it , but ever since we met you 're all i think about . 
 but it still does n't explain why i 'm changing . 
 it does n't sound like it normally happens this way . '' 
 `` you 're right , it does n't . 
 usually the change first happens as children , but they 're around shifters all the time . 
 maybe your wolf spirit was hibernating and i woke it . 
 i do n't know , but i 'll help you learn to manage it . '' 
 he smiled and kissed her lips softly then breathed in deeply and sighed . 
 `` its late , the sun is almost up and i 'm sure your mother does n't want to find a wolf in her home . '' 
 `` when will i see you again ? '' 
 `` tonight . 
 let me take you on a proper date . 
 and i 'd like to meet your mother . 
 she should feel comfortable with who is taking you out . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 she hates werewolves . 
 at least i thought she did , '' hannah said unsure . 
 `` i can date whoever i want . 
 i do n't need permission . '' 
 `` then call me old fashioned . 
 i 'm going to come here , knock on the door , and meet your mother , '' he said as he pressed his lips to hers and felt her body melt against his . 
 `` i have to go before i ca n't stop myself . '' 
 she smiled and followed him to the door . 
 once outside , caleb put his hand up to say good-bye as his ears lengthened and hair slowly sprouted . 
 he let the transformation quicken and once he was a full wolf , turned towards the forest and ran at full speed . 
 feeling the cool air against his fur once again , he slowed down enjoying the cold ground underneath his paws . 
 thinking about hannah , he wondered if she would enjoy the freedom of running as a wolf as much as he did . 
 as the sun lightened the forest , he thought about having to call an emergency meeting for the council . 
 but almost more importantly , he wanted to make sure hannah had a night she would never forget . 
 chapter nine hannah stood on the porch , her arms wrapped around herself for warmth as she watched caleb in wolf form enter the forest . 
 picking up the clothes he wore from the porch steps , she held them up to her face and inhaled deeply , enjoying his scent . 
 slipping her arms into the button shirt , she grinned thinking about sleeping in that shirt so she could feel close to him . 
 briefly she felt the tug of her own wolf spirit , but closing her eyes she focused to contain it . 
 `` you 'll catch your death of cold out here , '' her mother said , startling her as she entered the cottage . 
 as she followed eliza into the house , hannah could n't help but remember her mother sitting at night shift like it was the most normal thing in the world . 
 how could she act like that after all the things she said about werewolves her entire life ? 
 she needed answers , but she wanted a fight and she knew how to get one . 
 `` i 'm going on a date tonight , '' she said as she followed eliza into her bedroom where she sat on her bed as she took off her heels . 
 `` that 's nice . 
 you do n't normally tell me about your dates though . '' 
 `` he 's a werewolf . '' 
 `` a what ! 
 hannah , you know how i feel about that . 
 you know - '' `` no , what i know is what you 've said all these years . 
 yet there you were tonight all dolled up and talking to one . 
 do n't be a f ** king hypocrite , mom . '' 
 `` do n't talk to me like that ! 
 you have no idea what i 've been through and why i was there . 
 you 'd never raise your voice like that to pea ! '' 
 `` pea would n't lie to me . 
 she would n't keep things from me . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 she would n't ? 
 you want to know why i have n't visited your grandmother all these years ? '' 
 eliza got up and pulled a small box from a shelf in her closet . 
 `` i found this when i was going through pea 's things after she died . 
 it 's full of letters . '' 
 eliza paused , obviously upset . 
 `` from your father . '' 
 `` my father ? 
 but i thought - '' `` that 's what i thought too . 
 i thought knox just left me . 
 he was in the air force . 
 stationed over at mcguire . 
 we met one night at a bar and well , it just clicked . 
 we were together every day for three months . '' 
 `` only three months ? '' 
 `` one night i was out with my friends and when i got back , there was a message from him . 
 he was being deployed that night . 
 i raced over to the air force base , but i was a civilian so they would n't let me on base . 
 i glamoured the mp and raced over to see him . 
 he said he 'd write and call when he could . 
 we even talked about getting married when he got back . 
 but i never heard from him . '' 
 eliza sat back down on the bed . 
 tears streamed down her cheeks . 
 she held the box on her lap carefully , as if it was fragile . 
 `` tell me about the letters , mom , '' hannah said as she sat beside her and wrapped her arm around her shoulders . 
 `` pea never liked him . 
 he was a shifter . 
 a werewolf . 
 she said they were untrustworthy and only interested in one thing . 
 when i never heard from him , that 's what i thought too . 
 when i realized i was pregnant , i wanted to reach out and tell him , but i had no way to . 
 i just did n't know how and i did n't know what to think . 
 he had only been gone a couple of weeks , but with pea in my head constantly , i really thought i meant nothing to him . '' 
 `` did he ever find out ? '' 
 she nodded and held up the box before wiping away a tear . 
 `` there 's so many letters . 
 and i had no idea . 
 in his last letter he said he heard from someone that i was pregnant . 
 i guess someone he knew saw me in town . 
 he was sure he was the father , but said if he did n't hear back from me he would respect my wishes and leave me alone . 
 it had been months since he heard from me , months that he had been away , yet he never thought there was someone else . 
 and there was n't . 
 there never has been since . '' 
 i felt bad . 
 i had no idea any of this had happened . 
 knowing pea was strong willed , it only surprised me a little , but i was very disappointed that she did such a terrible thing . 
 what pea did not only affected my mother , but me too . 
 and i was hurt . 
 `` why do you think she 'd do that ? 
 why is she so against werewolves ? '' 
 i asked . 
 eliza sighed . 
 `` pea believes in some curse going back to the seventeenth century . 
 there 's some folklore going back to those days that links the werewolves with our family . 
 that 's why she 's obsessed with your hair . 
 she says our hair is full of our dna . 
 the longer our hair is , the stronger the scent it creates . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i think its bullshit , but you know pea . '' 
 hannah remembered what caleb said about the witches being persecuted as wolf charmers . 
 wondering if that 's what happened to their ancestor centuries before , she needed to push her mother even though she could tell her mom wanted to stop talking about it . 
 `` have you ever heard of rebekah crane ? 
 did pea ever mention her ? '' 
 `` no , pea never did , but i know her name . 
 come with me , '' eliza said as she got up . 
 hannah followed eliza into the backyard and through the vegetable and flower gardens pea used to spend so much time tending . 
 behind the gardens was an old wrought iron gate hidden by an overgrowth of ivy . 
 eliza wrapped her fingers around a thick section of vines and yanked hard , opening the gate . 
 the section inside the gate was small , around ten feet by ten feet , bordered by the rusted fence . 
 there was an old lawn chair to the side of the entrance and flowers growing wildly . 
 towards the back , hannah noticed a slim , tilted gravestone that was darkened with age . 
 `` i started coming here when i was little , '' eliza said . 
 `` it was a good place to hide and pretend we were n't the strange witch family on the block . 
 as you know , the cottage is very old and has been in our family for hundreds of years . 
 back then families would bury their dead either in the church graveyard or in a small graveyard on their property . 
 there 's only one gravestone here though and i always wondered why that was , but i knew better than to ask pea . '' 
 hannah walked over to the gravestone and read it aloud . '' 
 ` here lies rebekah crane , mother leeds and unfaithful wife to jacob . ' 
 well that 's just rude . '' 
 `` i bet that 's why she 's back here . 
 they considered her a disgrace . 
 i 'm sure you know mother leeds gave birth to the jersey devil , and i suspect that the curse pea told me about has something to do with that . 
 i 'm sure if you wanted to find out more about her you could go down to city hall on monday and look her up , see what you can find . 
 and if that does n't work just call her . 
 you 've always been much more powerful in calling than me . '' 
 `` you never asked pea about her ? '' 
 `` no , i wanted my private place to stay my own . 
 plus , i know pea . 
 she always felt we should just listen to her and we did n't need to know anything else . 
 i was stupid and never questioned her , '' eliza said . 
 `` i had a different relationship with her than you did . 
 i always felt she was resentful towards me . 
 to me , she was n't the warm comforting woman you know . '' 
 nodding , hannah knew her mother was right . 
 the pea she knew and the pea eliza grew up with were two different women . 
 hannah hoped if pea was alive she would n't do anything to prevent caleb and her from being together , but she suspected pea would n't do anything differently . 
 `` let 's go back inside , hannah . 
 i 'm tired and i 'm sure you are too . 
 plus , you have that date tonight . 
 i 'm sorry for how i reacted earlier . 
 i just ... i guess i 'm still hurt about your dad . '' 
 `` have you tried looking for him ? 
 with the internet and everything , maybe you can find him . '' 
 `` i 've been talking to other shifters , showing them an old picture of us , to see if anyone recognizes him . 
 i do n't even know if he came back after his deployment . 
 for all i know , he 's dead , '' she paused for a minute before continuing , `` but i honestly do n't think so . 
 i 've always felt he was close , i ca n't explain it , its just a feeling . 
 recently though , something has happened . 
 i feel like he 's in danger and that 's why i started going to night shift . 
 i needed to speak to more people . 
 i have to find him . '' 
 eliza pulled an old photograph out of her pocket and handed it to hannah . 
 it was the first time she ever saw her father before . 
 knox had sandy colored hair and a warm smile . 
 his body was built similar to caleb 's , strong and muscular like most grey wolves . 
 looking at her mother beside him , so young and cheerful , hannah 's eyes misted over when she realized she had never seen her mother so happy before . 
 `` you can ask caleb tonight , '' hannah said . 
 `` maybe he can help . 
 he 's the alpha for rowan so i 'm sure he knows a lot of wolves . '' 
 `` thank you , hon , i will . 
 now go get some sleep . 
 you 've never been on a date until a wolf takes you on one , '' eliza said grinning . 
 hannah could tell her mother was lost in a memory about her love from long ago , hannah 's father . 
 she kissed her cheek and left her alone with the picture and her memories . 
 chapter ten dressed in a black , hip hugging pencil skirt and a dark purple wool v-neck sweater , hannah was early for the first time in her life . 
 she looked out the small oval window that faced the street and wondered where caleb was . 
 he was n't late , she just wanted to make sure he did n't have any time alone with her mother . 
 the last thing she wanted was for them to bond over nak * d baby photos of her . 
 eliza was busy in the kitchen baking chocolate chip cookies , her usual treat for guests . 
 with her mom in a pair of worn jeans and a sweatshirt , hannah was glad to not have one of those mothers who competed with her for a man 's attention . 
 she 'd heard horror stories about that from other friends at school . 
 the loud growl of a motorcycle filled the air and hannah ran over to the mirror to make sure she looked alright , before looking out the window again . 
 parked in front of the house was a silver harley davidson . 
 caleb got off the bike , removed his helmet , and ran his fingers through his dirty blond hair . 
 unable to take her eyes off him , hannah watched him strut up the sidewalk in a pair of tight black jeans , with his worn motorcycle boots peeking out from underneath , a grey button shirt with buttons that strained against his muscular chest , and a thin black leather jacket . 
 she did n't realize her mother had come up behind her and was watching too until her mother let out a low whistle . 
 `` damn , he reminds me of your father . 
 i swear when i close my eyes , its like knox is right here beside me , '' eliza said . 
 hannah turned and hugged her mother tightly . 
 `` do n't worry , mom , we 'll find him . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 as caleb entered the house , hannah reached up and gave him a kiss before leading him into the kitchen where eliza removed cookies from the cooling rack and put them on a plate . 
 she set the plate down on the table and extended her hand out to him . 
 `` i 'm eliza , hannah 's mom . 
 its nice to meet you . '' 
 caleb shook her hand and smiled , then took the seat eliza motioned for him to sit down on . 
 `` i have to admit , i did n't think you 'd want to meet me , '' he said . 
 hannah sat beside him and took a cookie and split it in half . 
 `` a lot has changed since you left last night . 
 i have so much to tell you , '' she said before nibbling on one of the halves . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my mom told me my father is a wolf shifter named knox . 
 long story short , pea kept them apart and mom had no idea until after she died . 
 she 's been trying to find him ever since . '' 
 `` so you do have shifter blood . 
 that explains so much , '' he said . 
 eliza put the old photograph of her and knox on the table in front of caleb . 
 `` we were hoping you could help us . 
 i 've been talking to shifters around town and no one seems to know him more than saying they think he 's familiar but from a long time ago , '' she said . 
 caleb picked up the picture . 
 with his brow furrowed he examined it , before shaking his head and putting it down . 
 `` unfortunately he 's not familiar to me either . 
 if he was in the area since i 've been alpha , i would know him . 
 could i take the photo with me ? 
 i 've declared an emergency council meeting for tomorrow night , its possible one of the other alphas might recognize him . '' 
 `` yes , please take it , '' eliza said . 
 `` let me know what you find out . '' 
 `` i will . 
 you have my word , '' caleb said before standing . 
 `` now if we have your blessing , i 'd like to take your daughter on a date . '' 
 eliza grinned at his formalness . 
 `` of course you have my blessing . 
 take care of her for me , she 's my baby you know . '' 
 hannah sighed loudly as she got up and kissed her mother on the cheek . 
 `` do n't wait up , '' she whispered into her ear . 
 `` a mother does n't want to hear that , '' eliza replied , laughing . 
 caleb helped hannah put on the extra helmet he brought with him before she hiked her skirt up to get on the bike . 
 wishing she wore pants , she held onto him as he took off down the street , the cool wind blowing her hair back . 
 she realized she did n't know where they were going , but she really did n't care as long as she was with him . 
 after a short ride , the air began to smell like the ocean and caleb slowed down as he turned onto an old winding road . 
 the seagulls squawked as they flew overhead and the landscape changed from pine trees to tall grass . 
 eventually they reached an old pier on the great bay with several boats on the dock and a restaurant at the end of the pier . 
 caleb parked the bike next to the dock and then held her hand as the walked over to the restaurant on the worn grey boardwalk . 
 the water in the bay was calm and other than the seagulls squawking , it was quiet . 
 as they approached the restaurant , the sound of music and people talking wafted over to them . 
 at the end of the pier , they were surrounded by the great bay with the sun glittering on the gentle waves as it set , large and orange into the sea . 
 without a word from caleb , the host took them to a table facing the water , away from the other diners . 
 after they sat down , caleb reached across the table and took her hand and softly stroked his thumb over her fingers as he looked into her eyes . 
 `` i know this is technically our first date , but i feel like i 've known you forever . 
 i do n't know if its because you 're my fated mate , or if its just something special about you , '' he said . 
 `` because you are special , you know . '' 
 `` maybe i 've just charmed you , '' hannah teased . 
 caleb laughed heartily then leaned close and kissed her . 
 his lips made currents run through and pulse within her . 
 as his mouth left hers , his deep blue eyes plunged into her soul and her heart beat wildly . 
 still holding her hand and with his eyes still on hers , he gently kissed each of her fingers before turning her hand over and kissing her palm . 
 lowering her hand , his thumb rubbed deep into her palm . 
 he looked ready to devour her . 
 with the pressure of his touch on her hand , such an innocent place , she could n't help but imagine his hands elsewhere on her body . 
 she crossed her legs as her apex began to throb . 
 `` what can i get you tonight ? '' 
 the waiter asked , but neither caleb or hannah could take their eyes off each other . 
 `` we 'll start with the caesar salad for two , then the lobster and filet special , '' caleb said . 
 `` but bring it over to my place in about an hour . '' 
 he got up , dropped a few of hundred dollar bills on the table , and pulled hannah to her feet . 
 they quickly left the restaurant , practically running as they made their way back up the pier . 
 she did n't know where they were going and did n't care . 
 her entire body ached for him and if she did n't have him soon , she was afraid she might explode from the throbbing time bomb in her core that pulsed louder and louder . 
 reaching his motorcycle , she followed him onto the dock and to a houseboat she did n't notice before . 
 it was at the edge of the dock , on the corner , with wood shingles and an offset contemporary roof . 
 the deck surrounding it had a redwood stain , and there were several ornamental trees in pots lining it . 
 `` i have to have you now , '' he said . 
 caleb walked determinedly to the house . 
 he pushed open the door , pulled her inside and pushed her against the wall as his lips claimed hers . 
 pressed between his strong body and the wall , hannah enjoyed his tongue hungrily exploring her mouth . 
 sliding her arms around his back , she pulled him closer , crushing her br ** sts against his muscular torso . 
 leaving her mouth , his lips found a sensitive spot on her neck and she felt her legs go weak . 
 as she ran her fingers through his hair , she lifted her leg around his hip , letting her skirt ride up . 
 through her thin panties she felt the outline of his hard c * ck through his jeans . 
 he continued to kiss her neck , making her want him even more . 
 she could n't take it and began shifting her hips , letting herself rub against his bulge until she unbuttoned his jeans and pushed them down past his hips , releasing his member . 
 wrapping her hand around him , she stroked his long , thick rod as his breath came faster . 
 he pulled her sweater off and tossed it aside . 
 burying his face in her chest , his lips and tongue slid over her skin as he lowered the straps of her bra , then unhooked it . 
 `` i want you so badly , '' she said breathlessly . 
 moving her h * ps close again , she pressed the bulbous head of his c * ck against the wet spot of her panties . 
 his teeth closed around one of her stiff n ** ples and she gasped with pleasure . 
 sliding panty aside , she rubbed his tip against her cl * t before moving it to her entrance . 
 `` not yet , '' he said huskily . 
 sucking her nipple hard , his hands went down the curve of her body . 
 he hooked his thumbs into her panties and pushed them down her round ass . 
 his tongue moved to her other nipple and he circled it before kissing it softly before his lips traveled down from her br ** sts as he slid her panties off her . 
 kneeling in front of her , he smiled up at her as he lifted her leg onto his shoulder . 
 he nipped the hip of her opposite leg , then kissed her thigh as his fingers caressed her . 
 his teeth closed around a sensitive area on her inner thigh , near her sex and she jumped a little then giggled . 
 with her breathing ragged , she looked down at him and he smiled , his eyes glued to hers as his fingers slowly entered her . 
 moaning , she closed her eyes , her head back against the wall . 
 her body buzzed with excitement and desire and she could n't control her h * ps from rocking , forcing his fingers in and out of her wetness . 
 when his firm tongue slid over her clit , she cried out and grabbed his hair , keeping him in place . 
 the warmth of his tongue circled her nub and rubbed as her body trembled . 
 she did n't know if she could keep herself standing for much longer , but she did n't want him to stop . 
 clutching her ass with his hand , he helped support her as his lips surrounded her swollen cl * t and sucked gently before his tongue continued . 
 `` oh , caleb , i 'm so close ... but i need you inside me . '' 
 he rose to his feet , holding her leg up in his hand . 
 biting one of her n ** ples , she jumped and her body shook more , making him smile . 
 he rubbed his spongey tip over her cl * t and entrance as his tongue dipped into her mouth , meeting her tongue . 
 her body pulsed strongly from her core and she could n't take much more . 
 `` why are you torturing me ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` you have no idea what torture just being near you is , '' he said as he rubbed his cheek against her shoulder . 
 the feeling of his beard gently scratching her skin , made her head swim . 
 every touch pushed her closer to the edge . 
 `` then please ... '' she said gasping as he entered her briefly . 
 `` i just want you to come . 
 and want it to be amazing for you . '' 
 `` just f ** k me already , '' she said grinning as she grabbed his ass firmly . 
 kissing her lips , he entered her slowly , groaning . 
 he picked her up and she wrapped her legs around him as he filled her with his length . 
 holding onto him tightly , she did n't think she could take him all in . 
 a thin sheen of sweat covered them as he began to slowly thrust his hips . 
 feeling him inside her , every nerve tingled with excitement and pleasure . 
 she shifted her h * ps and with each time he entered her , his c * ck rubbed along her clit . 
 `` almost ... so close , '' she breathed , amazed with how good everything felt . 
 moving her h * ps with him , he continued to stroke her nub before his rod moved deeper into her with each thrust . 
 her breath grew ragged , and she clutched him hard . 
 his breathing was fast . 
 suddenly the pressure inside her released and she cried out as her body shook and pulsed . 
 she felt his warmth release within her and he growled softly . 
 carrying her over to the black leather couch , she laid on top of him as they caught their breaths . 
 he kissed the top of her head and then her lips when she looked up at him , exhausted . 
 the doorbell rang and he groaned , realizing it was the restaurant . 
 `` i guess an hour was n't enough time , '' he said . 
 `` i want more of you . 
 i need it . '' 
 she nodded , still unable to speak but wanting more of him too . 
 taking off his shirt , he gave it to her to put on while he pulled on his jeans to open the door . 
 setting the food down on the cocktail table , kissed her quickly and smiled . 
 `` let 's eat . 
 then later i 'm having you for dessert . '' 
 he winked and began opening the cartons then lit a couple of candles . 
 wondering how quickly she could eat , hannah could n't wait to be his final course . 
 chapter eleven blinded by the sun 's reflection off the marble and stone building that was city hall , hannah squinted and kept her head down as she climbed the steps two at a time . 
 after entering through the large wooden doors , she made her way upstairs to the department of public records where a frail , bald man with a pair of thick round glasses , sat behind a desk in front of a room filled with filing cabinets . 
 with his head down , looking at a stack of papers on his desk , hannah stood in front of the desk waiting for him to acknowledge her . 
 shifting on her feet , and lightly tapping the top of the desk , she began to get impatient . 
 she did n't want to be rude , but he was acting like she was n't even there . 
 clearing her throat , she waited for him to look up . 
 nothing . 
 not even a glance . 
 she coughed loudly while looking at him , but still no response . 
 leaning down she put herself directly in his line of sight when he snored . 
 gently shaking his shoulder , she stepped back when he snorted and shook his head . 
 `` oh hello there , dear . 
 i must have dozed off . 
 what can i help you with ? '' 
 he asked , his voice gritty . 
 `` i live in leeds point and was wondering if you could give me some information about the house i live in and my ancestors . '' 
 `` goodness me . 
 you would n't believe the amount of records we have . 
 and its all paper . 
 the original documents are now all public record so if you 'd like i can bring you to that area and you can look for what you 're interested in . '' 
 he hobbled towards the back of the room and hannah followed him , forcing herself to walk slow instead of running ahead like she really wanted . 
 the area smelled musty and the florescent light overhead buzzed softly . 
 as he tapped the top of an old , taupe filing cabinet dust flew into the air . 
 `` these are them , dear . 
 unfortunately the cabinets are n't marked . 
 if you need any help just come get me , or ask for abraham if i 'm not around and they 'll find me . '' 
 `` thank you , sir , '' hannah said before he wobbled briefly then headed back towards his desk . 
 as she pulled open a drawer , the cabinet made a horrible scraping sound . 
 the filing cabinets were so old they rusted years ago . 
 she yanked open another one , letting the metallic groan fill the air . 
 a long row of yellowed paper greeted her . 
 pushing back the stack so she could look at the first one , she saw a name that began with a. close enough , she thought as she skipped ahead several inches of paper to find the c 's . 
 thumbing through the files she saw ` crane ' flip past and went back to find it . 
 she could n't believe her good luck . 
 excited , she pulled out the piece of paper and saw her address on top . 
 it was the original land deed . 
 rebekah crane 's name was listed with her husband jacob 's , but it was neatly crossed out . 
 at the bottom of the deed , a notarized portion declared the land belonging to rebekah after charges of witchcraft and wolf charming were dropped . 
 it seemed her husband accused her of witchcraft after finding out she had an affair . 
 hannah thought about the jersey devil tales and wondered if they all began because of an angry , jealous husband . 
 yanking open several other cabinets did n't provide her with the answers she wanted . 
 she found the leeds point bible where all births were recorded and saw rebekah listed thirteen times , once for each child . 
 the last child had a deceased date next to him . 
 it was enough to make hannah realize she needed a folklore refresher . 
 she had to find the oldest stories about the jersey devil . 
 after closing the cabinets with a strong shove , she ran through the short maze of files to abraham 's desk . 
 turning to thank him , she noticed he was asleep again and just kept walking . 
 the public library was a couple blocks away and she could n't wait to continue her research . 
 the library stood at the center of a busy block . 
 it was one of the oldest libraries in the state and had been recently renovated . 
 hannah remembered going there with her mother and pea when she was a child . 
 the lower level had a blue three story doll house hannah always admired on their visits there . 
 she thought about entering on the lower level , just to walk past and see if the doll house was still there and as she remembered it , but she did n't have time for nonsense . 
 positive the answer would stop the murders of caleb 's pack , she needed to get to the root of rebekah 's curse . 
 climbing the sandstone steps up to the circular foyer , hannah grew anxious . 
 she was sure she would get some answers here . 
 and curiosity had already gotten the better of her . 
 if she could n't find out what she needed to there , she was definitely summoning rebekah in the clearing . 
 another full moon was already here and she knew that , coupled with her seeing her before meant she could bring her back again . 
 a gust of warm air and the smell of books enveloped her as she entered the library . 
 the main section was rounded like the building 's exterior . 
 at the center was a long rectangular desk with two academic looking people-a man with a tweed blazer , and a woman in a tan skirt with a black turtleneck shirt . 
 both of them smiled as she entered the foyer with its square stained glass skylights . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 the woman asked as the man went back to scanning a stack of returned books . 
 `` yes , where can i find articles about the jersey devil ? '' 
 the man 's head popped up and he smiled warmly at hannah . 
 `` i can help you with that , '' he said as he stepped around from the expansive desk . 
 `` i 'm brian . 
 i 'm considered the jersey devil expert around here . 
 if you do n't mind my talking your ear off , i 'd love to help you . '' 
 `` ok great , i 'm looking for the origins of the story . '' 
 brian led hannah through a two story archway lined with bookcases . 
 stopping towards the end of an aisle , he pulled out several books and motioned for her to continue following him . 
 he placed the books down on a long table at the back of the room , near picture windows that faced the adjacent park . 
 `` anything in particular about the origins ? '' 
 he asked as he sat down . 
 `` as i 'm sure you know , there are several theories . '' 
 `` i 'm really looking for anything about rebekah crane . '' 
 `` ahh , mother leeds . 
 such a tragic story really . 
 most people do n't even know her real name , '' he said as he flipped through a hardcover book and then slid it in front of her . 
 `` this book has a collection of writings from the 1600 's all based on the jersey devil . '' 
 `` what 's tragic about her story ? 
 all i know is she cursed the baby while she was in labor . 
 i imagine she was tired of being baby making machine . '' 
 `` that 's the tale , but i doubt it 's true . 
 there 's no evidence , but i always felt she was a victim of her time . 
 based on research i have done on that time period , women who cared for the land themselves were more likely to get accused of witchcraft . 
 many of those accusers stood to gain adjoining portions of their property if said witch was prosecuted . '' 
 `` that 's terrible ! '' 
 hannah said . 
 `` indeed . 
 rebekah was lucky though . 
 her accuser was her husband . 
 but before his claim was finalized he came down with a brain fever and died . 
 many people believe rebekah was behind it , but jacob leeds was well established as the town drunk , so most were happy to be rid of him . '' 
 `` what happened to her after he died ? 
 `` unfortunately there are woefully few accounts of her after his death . 
 i believe she shut herself away from society . 
 perhaps she was embarrassed after all she went through with him . 
 as time went on though the stories jacob told came back and grew even more fanciful . 
 it 's from these that the tales we know as the jersey devil came to life . '' 
 `` wow , what a rough life that must have been . 
 it 's a shame there is n't more information . 
 so did she really have thirteen children ? '' 
 `` by all accounts , yes . 
 but her husband did n't believe the last was his . 
 records of the time say the baby died soon after birth . 
 i 've often wondered if jacob was responsible . '' 
 `` oh no ! '' 
 `` it was n't uncommon for infants to die back then , but he was a terrible man and there are letters where he said the child would never carry his name . '' 
 `` so that thirteenth child would really be a crane and not a leeds ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 there are stories about a curse on the crane family , but none of them give details . 
 i know it sounds absurd , but i 've hired witches to contact her . 
 i 'd love to see if she 'd appear to tell her side of the story , but it ended up being a waste of time . 
 she never appeared . 
 i was just trying anything i could think of . 
 there are reports that her husband had her gravestone carved before he died , but no one knows where she was buried . 
 it 's a shame . 
 so much history lost . '' 
 ready to burst from excitement from the few things she learned , hannah nodded and thanked brian , not wanting to give anything away as she left the library . 
 excited that rebekah appeared to her and not some so-called professionals , she knew she needed to call her as soon as the moon was right . 
 hannah hoped she could get the answers she needed and not only find out more about her ancestors , but finally learn the truth about the crane curse . 
 chapter twelve the kapok shifter council was made up of the twelve most dominant breeds in the tri-state area . 
 councils existed throughout the world and were broken up by number of territories . 
 the kapok council was known to be one of the most powerful . 
 because of their connection to the past , it was a requirement of all packs within the kapok council jurisdiction to use celtic tree symbolism in choosing a name . 
 the council believed trees were not only known for their healing properties and wisdom , but to remind the shifters of the days they hid from society and used the trees for protection . 
 caleb 's pack had been named rowan for their protection and connection to nature . 
 council meetings took place in the secret room of the smithville library . 
 the back of the library faced a wooded area that was perfect for each of their arrivals . 
 from there they were able to descend into the basement , still in animal form and then enter a private room each of them kept a change of clothes in . 
 for over two hundred years , this was how the kapok council met and no one wanted to initiate any changes . 
 dressed in dark blue jeans , a black t-shirt that clung to every muscle on his chest , and his favorite pair of black motorcycle boots , caleb entered the room . 
 the wood planked floor creaked with each of his steps . 
 the room buzzed as caleb took his seat at the antique artisan crafted round table the council used for their meetings . 
 seated around the table were the alpha from each of the twelve groups in the tri-state area . 
 two alpha 's caleb grew up with sat on either side of him . 
 erich , the oversized brute of a man who was the grizzly bear alpha of the alders . 
 alder was chosen to remind the bears of their endurance and strength , traits that erich believed he embodied and would fight anyone who disagreed with him . 
 on the other side of caleb was joaquin , the dark skinned sinewy alpha of the panthers ' blackthorn . 
 he believed so whole-heartedly in the discipline and control the blackthorn tree represented , that he was known to take things a little too far at times . 
 focused to a fault , joaquin sometimes put blackthorn 's overall well being over those closest to him . 
 across from them sat monica , the tall , svelte fox alpha of willow . 
 she was the eldest and most outspoken of the council . 
 she valued the willow 's intuition and used it her leadership . 
 she believed it sometimes meant ignoring the analytical , but things always worked out for her in the end . 
 `` this better be good , caleb , '' said erich . 
 `` you know i despise these emergency meetings . 
 i 'm an important man . '' 
 `` we 're all important , erich , '' caleb snapped at him before looking around the table at each council member . 
 `` thank you for coming at such short notice . 
 we 've all been concerned about the recent murders in the pine barrens . 
 right now , the grey wolves seem to be the only ones who have been killed , but each of our packs have missing members and as we all know , its only a matter of time before one of their bodies is found . '' 
 `` get to the point , i do n't have all day , '' erich growled . 
 leaning towards erich in his seat , caleb gave the bear leader a long look , matching his gaze , a low growl in his throat . 
 `` ok ok , that 's enough boys , '' monica said . 
 `` forgive me , '' caleb said as he cleared his throat . 
 `` i have reason to believe the hawthorn coyote pack is behind the killings and missing pack members . 
 i 've learned that the coyote alpha , abel believes in an ancient curse that will give him power over wolves , and possibly other shifters as well . '' 
 `` are you talking about a wolf charmer ? 
 i remember hearing stories about them years ago as a child . 
 i did n't think those stories were more than fable though , '' joaquin said . 
 `` whatever your plan is , know that the panthers are behind you one hundred percent . '' 
 `` unfortunately i want to be certain . 
 nothing has happened since we began patrolling the woods , but i believe abel is waiting because he thinks he 's close . 
 a red wolf , an omega named renfield , who is in servitude to abel , said he 's after a human . 
 a witch to be exact . '' 
 `` how will he find this witch ? '' 
 `` i met her in the woods one night , she knows nothing of the curse or of charming . 
 it seems she has werewolf blood and is slowly becoming one of us , '' caleb said wanting to protect hannah as much as possible , but knowing he had to give the council some information . 
 `` her scent is growing stronger . 
 i have an old photo of her father , but she knows nothing about him . 
 his name is knox . '' 
 caleb , took the photo out and passed it around for the other council members to look at . 
 `` i believe i 've seen him before , '' liam of the oak lion pride said as he ran his fingers through his blond hair . 
 `` he was living within my territory . 
 a quiet man with an air of sadness . 
 unfortunately he is one of my missing . '' 
 `` i 've heard of shifters of ancient blood , that do not continue their line do not shift until they 're in contact with others , '' monica said . 
 `` i believe its some sort of adaptation within their dna to protect them . 
 how much contact have you had with this girl ? '' 
 caleb did n't want to respond . 
 he could n't tell them she was his fated mate . 
 the idea of a fated mate , while important within the shifter community , was n't something to discuss at council where they followed their heads , not their hearts . 
 `` several times . 
 she continues to enter the woods despite my repeated warnings . '' 
 `` is she in any of our territories ? '' 
 monica asked . 
 `` no , she 's in the neutral zone , not far from where the casualties have been appearing . 
 she needs to be protected , especially if hawthorn is after her . '' 
 `` i 'm sure we all agree . '' 
 after the meeting was over , joaquin pulled caleb aside and erich joined them . 
 the three alphas had taken it upon themselves to secure the woods . 
 `` you look troubled , brother , '' joaquin said to caleb . 
 `` is it the girl ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm worried about her . 
 if her scent is growing stronger because of our interaction , then perhaps i need to stay away . 
 her best protection is for her to not complete transformation into a shifter . 
 once that happens her scent will be strong enough for abel to track her . '' 
 `` i 've dealt with that pack of coyotes before . 
 they 're beyond dangerous . 
 we can not let them endanger humans as well . 
 i 'm sure whatever your decision , it 'll be for the best . '' 
 caleb snorted . 
 he did n't like his decision , but in the back of his mind he knew staying away from hannah was the best thing for her . 
 maybe if things were different , if abel was caught then it would be safer . 
 until then , she was living life as a human . 
 she was human . 
 and she needed to be treated as such . 
 `` i 'll forgo the neutral zone in my rounds and let her be , '' caleb said . 
 `` but know this , if anything happens to her i will declare war on the hawthorn . 
 there is nothing that will stop me from protecting her , '' caleb said as he slammed his fist into his palm . 
 `` finally , something i can get behind , '' erich said , an evil grin spreading across his face . 
 `` you declare war and i guarantee i will be by your side . '' 
 caleb did n't like having his hands tied , but he knew attacking a pack without proof was one of the worse things any alpha could do . 
 he would wait and watch the woods . 
 once everything was over he could return to hannah again . 
 until then , he would have to stay away from her , no matter how much pain that caused him . 
 knowing he could n't just leave her he planned to talk with her and explain why he could n't see her anymore . 
 her scent and her shifting were increasing and it was only a matter of time before her transformation was complete . 
 he would die before he let his selfishness be the reason hannah was in danger . 
 chapter thirteen for the first time since pea died , hannah was n't going to visit her on a full moon . 
 she missed pea but if she wanted to call on her ancestor , rebekah crane she knew it was going to take every ounce of her energy . 
 collecting the stones for the circle was hard enough that night . 
 the full moon lit enough of the ground for her to find them easily , but she could n't help but think of caleb each time she picked one up . 
 there was the first time they met when she tripped over one and he let her ride him home . 
 or the time he handed her a stone to help her with the circle . 
 caleb took up so much of her thoughts that she refused to wash the button shirt he wore at her cottage . 
 she loved how much it smelled like him and had been wearing the shirt to bed everyday since their date . 
 she almost wore it that night with a pair of jeans , but she had the draw the line somewhere . 
 unfortunately thinking about him was all she could do lately because she had n't seen him in days . 
 he was n't answering his phone and he had n't come by since their date . 
 hannah was beginning to feel insecure about sleeping with him , despite how wonderful it was . 
 she thought they had feelings for each other , but maybe she was wrong . 
 maybe her mom and pea had been right all along . 
 werewolves really only wanted one thing and she gave that to him the last time she saw him . 
 if it was true , she 'd never see him again . 
 she reminded herself to have hope . 
 caleb had a lot of responsibilities , after all he was alpha . 
 he might have gone after that coyote pack renfield seemed so scared of . 
 knowing she promised caleb she would n't go into the woods , made her feel more uneasy . 
 she did n't like breaking her promise , but she needed to reach rebekah and using the full moon was going to be her best bet . 
 maybe if she had heard something from caleb over the past few days things would 've been different , but she had n't so she needed to do what she had to-summon rebekah . 
 she did n't have a choice . 
 there were only so many full moons . 
 as she sat in the almost completed circle , her cloak tucked under her , she reminded herself to focus on why she was there . 
 she needed to contact rebekah about the curse . 
 whatever rebekah knew was key to anything hannah had been able to figure out . 
 sitting down on the cold , damp , grassy floor of the clearing , hannah was just about to close the circle . 
 so much had happened in the last few months that she did n't want to forget and it was all because of caleb . 
 taking a deep breath , she picked up the final stone for her circle when her senses registered the fresh air and woody , musky scent of caleb . 
 she smiled softly as she put down the last stone without completing the circle and fought every urge within her to run over and be near him . 
 `` i know you 're there , caleb , '' she said happily . 
 the leaves rustled and she turned to watch as the large grey wolf stepped out from woods , his head hung low . 
 hannah felt sadness wash over her as the wolf came over and pushed his large head under her arm , forcing it around his neck , then rested his head on her lap . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 something happened . 
 you have to tell me , '' she demanded . 
 with her hand buried deep into his thick silvery fur , his snout and ears shortened , his eyes turned to midnight blue , and laying nak * d in the moonlight was caleb . 
 `` i have to leave you . 
 i 've learned that my presence , any presence of a shifter , is bringing out your wolf spirit . 
 without me around , you 'll revert to human and be safe from hawthorn , '' he said . 
 `` no ! 
 i do n't care about being human ! 
 i only care about being with you . 
 you ca n't do this to me , '' hannah pleaded . 
 `` you can protect me . '' 
 `` i ca n't always be here , hannah , '' he said as he sat up . 
 the best way for me to protect you is by leaving you . 
 your scent is growing stronger . 
 it 's only a matter of time before you have the ability to fully shift . 
 when that happens the hawthorn coyotes will track you down at whatever cost , putting your mother in danger as well . 
 i ca n't do that . 
 i love you too much to do that to you . '' 
 caleb turned away . 
 as he stood to go , hannah clutched at his arm . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` please , do n't go ! '' 
 `` leave the forest and never come back , hannah , '' he growled . 
 `` your father is one of the missing . 
 they 're getting close . 
 you 're safe if you remain human . '' 
 she could n't let this happen . 
 every fiber of her being screamed at her to stop him . 
 how could he do this ? 
 he did n't look at her . 
 with her still holding into him , tears running down her face , he quickly shifted back into a wolf and tore through the grass back into the woods . 
 hannah reached for a stone and half heartedly threw it at the running wolf before collapsing back to the ground sobbing . 
 everything hurt . 
 gasping for breath while her tears blinded her , she wrapped her arms around herself for comfort . 
 the rest of the stones surrounding her mocked her tears , laughed at her heartbreak . 
 wishing she was a stone , she stuffed down her pain , ignoring the emptiness in her chest where her heart used to beat for caleb . 
 it was gone , yanked from her chest and stomped on when she realized he said he loved her too much to stay . 
 he loved her , but he left her . 
 i am a rock , she thought to herself as she headed home . 
 chapter fourteen hannah was grateful for the blue moon as she ran through the woods on the path to the clearing , her cloak billowing out behind her . 
 she did n't care how many times caleb had warned her of the danger . 
 danger meant even less to her since he was n't around . 
 in fact , she welcomed it . 
 maybe it would put her out of her misery . 
 meanwhile , hannah had to get to the bottom of the curse and the only person who could help her with that rebekah crane . 
 running at full speed , not wanting to miss her window like last time , hannah felt a sharp tug at her cloak and swung a fist as she spun around only to find she was caught on a barberry bush . 
 `` dammit , hannah , '' she muttered . 
 `` get a hold of yourself . '' 
 *** `` you have n't been yourself since ... '' pinky 's voice trailed off . 
 hannah knew what her friend was going to say and was grateful that she did n't . 
 as they sat on an old orange print couch at pinky 's house , sharing a double cheese , double pepperoni pizza , a real housewife whined about her latest plastic surgery mishap . 
 they were both dressed in yoga pants and t-shirts , not because they planned to work out , but because they just wanted to be comfortable . 
 with her mouth full from her last bite , hannah finished pinky 's sentence . 
 `` since the last full moon . 
 that 's all i want to remember about it . '' 
 `` have you tried calling him ? '' 
 `` please , pinky . 
 the last thing i want to do is talk about him . '' 
 `` i know but - '' `` but nothing , ok ? '' 
 `` no . 
 listen , hannah . 
 you know i know you better than anyone else . 
 i mean we share a brain , right ? 
 so please just listen to me . 
 you 've never felt this way about anyone else before . 
 i know you refuse to say it , but i really think you love him . 
 how can you just let something like that go so easily ? '' 
 `` because i do n't have a choice . 
 he ended it , remember ? 
 not me . 
 and it 's all because of this damned curse . 
 i mean obviously i do n't want people dying because some nut job is out there trying to find me so he can rule the wolves , '' hannah said with a roll of her eyes , `` but there 's nothing i can do about it . 
 i do n't even know what this curse is really about . 
 maybe i can charm wolves and i do n't even know it . '' 
 `` have you ever tried ? '' 
 `` no , why would i ? 
 i 've tried to be charming , but not charm , '' hannah grinned . 
 `` well then you need to go back into the woods and call mother leeds . '' 
 `` she 's too removed from me . 
 i need a full moon to make sure i 'm strong enough to get her . '' 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 man , hannah ! 
 you 're one lousy witch . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` look outside . 
 i give you not only a full moon , but a blue moon , ta-da ! 
 if you ca n't call her under that moon , then just give up now . '' 
 hannah looked outside the small window facing the street and was surprised with the amount of light . 
 not only was this a blue moon , but it was the largest moon she had ever seen . 
 `` thanks for pizza , pinky . 
 but - '' `` just go ! 
 but be careful out there ! '' 
 *** the clearing was just ahead . 
 slowing down , hannah wondered if caleb would show up again . 
 she doubted it . 
 not unless she was in trouble and that was the last reason she wanted to give him to show up . 
 easily finding enough stones for a large circle , hannah sat down and closed the circle as the moon reached the position she waited for . 
 she closed her eyes and tried clearing her thoughts , but it was no use . 
 she could n't stop thinking about him . 
 taking a deep breath , she started again . 
 shutting him out of her mind , she thought about the time rebekah appeared . 
 her pale green dress with the apron and her red hair tucked into her white bonnet . 
 feeling something unusual , like she was n't alone , hannah opened her eyes to find rebekah standing there looking around in awe . 
 i did it , she thought to herself happily . 
 `` is that a blue moon ? '' 
 rebekah asked . 
 `` yes it is . 
 i wanted to call you during the last full one , but ... '' `` you poor girl . 
 he left you , did n't he ? '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 hannah asked , confused . 
 `` because you look just as miserable as i did when it happened to me . '' 
 `` you mean when jacob died ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 jacob could be sweet when he wanted to , but our marriage was one of convenience more than anything . 
 i honestly think he kept me with child just to make sure i could n't leave . 
 it was a different time back then . 
 harsh and rough . 
 a woman did n't have much say . 
 i believe marriages like that are rare nowadays . '' 
 `` oh you 'd be surprised , '' hannah said . 
 so , if you do n't mind , who made you miserable ? '' 
 `` a shifter . 
 a werewolf to be precise . 
 possibly one of the firsts in the new world and my one and only love . 
 jacob was a drunk , but he was smart . 
 he managed to get the deed to this land , where we are right now , as well as the cottage , but he was too busy drinking to care for it . 
 i really did n't mind . 
 it gave me something to do besides raise twelve children . 
 `` back then we had livestock , a couple of cows for milk , sheep for wool . 
 jacob did n't bother clearing all of the land . 
 just what 's cleared today for the cottage , plus a little more . '' 
 `` what about the clearing here in the woods ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` no , jacob did n't do that . 
 that was luke , my love . 
 let me explain . 
 my family has always believed in prayer and the gifts in nature . 
 i heard of a woman in town who helped others protect their livestock . 
 there was always danger from other animals , or even the neighbors who were very jealous . 
 she recognized something in me and said she could teach me the wolf charm . '' 
 `` you were a wolf charmer ? 
 i did n't think that was real . '' 
 rebekah laughed . 
 `` yes , it is real , just as real as you talking to me right now . 
 there were plenty of wolves in the area , we were keeping them fat with our sheep . 
 so i cast the charm and used some wolves to protect my livestock from the others . 
 i cared for these animals . 
 i gave them food and water , even shelter in the barn when the weather was bad . '' 
 `` but how did you meet luke ? '' 
 `` i did n't know anything about werewolves then . 
 when i went out to cast my charm , i called any wolves in the area . 
 i was n't specific . 
 one night , luke was in wolf form and was one of the wolves i charmed . 
 i heard the loud snap of a bear trap followed by the howling cry of a wolf . 
 i ran out , worried that my charm had injured one of my wolves and to my surprise the wolf changed before my eyes into the most beautiful man i ever laid my eyes on . 
 `` i brought him into the barn so jacob would n't find him and i took care of him . 
 but as i nursed him back to health we got to know each other and fell in love . '' 
 `` how did jacob find out ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` it was my own fault . 
 i wanted luke to be near so i gave him this part of the land . 
 i did n't think jacob would care or even notice since he never cleared the trees . 
 luke made the clearing and built a small house . 
 that path you follow on your way here was originally made by us from running back and forth between houses to spend whatever time we could with each other . 
 `` but then one day , as luck would have it , i got pregnant . 
 jacob and i had n't been together in a very long time and like i said , he was a drunk , not stupid . 
 he cursed me . '' 
 `` what was the curse ? '' 
 hannah asked , her heart beating quickly , the closer she got to finding out the truth . 
 `` that i would wander the earth for the rest of my days , living and dead , alone . 
 i 'm earthbound . 
 i can not leave here . 
 and i regret every day of my life and death that i did n't stand up to jacob . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` jacob was ... abusive , '' rebekah said , her voice growing faint . 
 `` i was afraid of him but i could n't leave the children . 
 i wanted to take them with me to live with luke , but jacob was too smart . 
 that 's when he called me a witch and filed papers against me for the wolf charming . 
 i was pregnant so they did n't put me in jail , but i was being watched closely . 
 i could n't see luke or we would both be arrested for adultery . 
 so i ended it with him . 
 to protect him . '' 
 hannah 's eyes filled with tears hearing the reason for why caleb also left her . 
 she tried not to think about him , but it was impossible . 
 he was the only thing she could think of . 
 the only thing she wanted to think about . 
 she never realized how empty her life had been before she met him . 
 `` my biggest regret is never going after him . 
 after the baby died , jacob created a tale of the baby being a devil and flying away , '' rebekah said , her voice catching . 
 `` he figured it went along well with his accusations of my being a witch . 
 i was too defeated to fight . 
 i closed myself off from everything and after jacob 's death , i felt so liberated but afraid that i did n't know what to do so i closed myself off from the world . 
 i should 've searched for luke , but i did n't . 
 i figured he was better off without me . 
 who wants a widow with a bunch of kids anyway ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , rebekah . 
 that 's so sad . '' 
 `` no , what 's sad is i could 've changed it . 
 instead i created my own hell and my own curse by letting jacob rule me even after his death . 
 and now , the curse will never be lifted . 
 all these centuries of loneliness would 've been worth just one more day with luke . '' 
 tears streamed down hannah 's face . 
 she knew what she had to do . 
 she refused to let herself die alone , broken hearted , and filled with regret like rebekah . 
 the man she loved was out there and his only reason for not being with her was protection . 
 to hell with that ! 
 she 'd be damned if she let caleb slip away from her . 
 she could care less about curses or packs or anything else . 
 the only thing she wanted was to be with him . 
 chapter fifteen the most important thing hannah learned the night she summoned rebekah , was that her hundreds of years of roaming the earth would have been easier if she had one more day with luke . 
 hannah had enough of her own mistakes , she refused to copy someone else 's . 
 after unlocking the padlock on the storage shed in the back yard , hannah opened her grandmother 's boxes as she searched for pea 's potion book . 
 pea never liked talking about it , but she was a highly skilled herbalist . 
 it was a passion she cultivated with her own gardens and tried to teach to her daughter and granddaughter , but they lacked the patience needed to build a strong potion . 
 sliding the third box out , she opened it to find mounds of scrap paper with notes and diagrams on them . 
 jackpot ! 
 pea liked to call it an organized mess , but hannah knew better . 
 it was really just a mess . 
 hannah dragged the box over to a nearby lawn chair and sat down . 
 hannah had an idea . 
 she remembered how pea was so obsessed with wanting the cottage to smell like baked goods , that she created a scent potion . 
 she did n't know if it would work on humans , specifically one transforming into a werewolf , but hannah did n't feel she had any other options . 
 changing her scent to enter the forest was the best protection she could think of . 
 she did n't want to cause trouble , but she needed to talk to caleb . 
 not expecting him to be on his houseboat , she knew the guaranteed place to find him was the forest . 
 part of her thought of risking it , of letting the coyotes track her , but she was n't stupid enough to put herself in danger like that just to hope caleb would save her . 
 after sorting through a third of the scraps of paper , hannah finally found the potion she was looking for written on an index card . 
 she tossed all the paper back into the box , dragged the large box back to the shed , and padlocked the door once again . 
 scanning the ingredient list , hannah recognized the herbs from being in pea 's garden . 
 luckily none of them were poisonous , but that did n't mean much . 
 simply combining two nonpoisonous plants did n't mean the result would n't be deadly . 
 either way the potion would taste like crap , she wondered if it would work cosmetically . 
 easily grabbing the herbs she needed , she brought them into the cottage . 
 happy to have the place to herself while her mom ran errands , she followed the recipe to the letter . 
 she did n't want to waste time with careless mistakes . 
 experimenting with a small dose brushed on the window sill , the house suddenly smelled like freshly baked bread . 
 used correctly , the scent potion only lasted a day . 
 she had no idea how long it would last on a person . 
 especially one whose werewolf scent was growing stronger . 
 pouring the elixir into a shot glass , she admired its deep green color . 
 taking a sniff , she was surprised it did n't have a scent . 
 as she caught her reflection in the window , she noticed her hair . 
 pea always hounded her to cut it . 
 the last time she saw her she said it was the source of her scent . 
 if that was true , she did n't have to drink the potion , she could just cover her hair with it . 
 pouring the contents of the shot glass into her palm , hannah worried if she had enough . 
 she decided to start at the top and go down to the ends . 
 if she ran out of the potion she would cut off the rest of her hair . 
 getting to the woods and talking to caleb was more important than her stupid hair . 
 somehow she had enough of the elixir , and when she sniffed her hair it smelled like bread also . 
 she had to be safe . 
 but if something happened , at least she could say she tried . 
 changing into a pair of dark blue jeans , her old brown leather boots , and her lucky blue chenille sweater , she then put on her cloak and ran towards the grassy path that cut through the woods . 
 the moon had begun to wane but she did n't need the light , hannah knew for her to find caleb she would have to rely on the senses of her burgeoning wolf spirit . 
 hearing a noise up ahead she stopped . 
 a man called out to another , then footsteps . 
 hunters ? 
 reorienting herself based on the moon in the sky , she realized she was n't far from the clearing . 
 quietly she made her way to the clearing . 
 a large pick up truck , its lights on and motor running , sat by the tree line not far from her . 
 she did n't see the men but sensed other wolves close by . 
 keeping within the tree line , hannah made her way over to the truck . 
 as she moved closer , she was able to make out the outline of cages in the flatbed . 
 focusing on them , she heard the metallic scrap of paws on the metal . 
 she stepped out of the trees and into the clearing beside the truck . 
 four cages took up the flatbed and inside them were grey wolves . 
 she could n't tell if they were werewolves , her senses were n't developed enough yet . 
 but she knew what she could do to find out . 
 taking a deep breath , she focussed on her wolf spirit . 
 specifically on the deep yellow her eyes changed to when it wanted to be known . 
 she let the wolf take over and flashed her yellow eyes at the wolves . 
 it worked ! 
 they flashed their eyes back at her . 
 returning to herself , she opened the cages realizing these men had to work for the hawthorn pack of coyote . 
 she opened the cages to release the wolves , wondering why they did n't let themselves out when the men disappeared , but the wolves did n't move . 
 spotting a glint from one of their necks in the moonlight , she reached around the neck of the closest wolf and felt a collar made from leather , silver , and other items she did n't recognize . 
 it was the work of a witch . 
 the collars had a secret clasp she did n't have time to figure out . 
 she opened the truck door and spotted a toolbox . 
 at the bottom was a folded buck knife . 
 carefully using the large blade , she cut through each of the collars and the wolves leapt out of the cages and into the forest . 
 one shifted into human form , a girl probably not much older than hannah , with short dark hair . 
 `` thank you , but you should run . 
 i do n't know how you did it , but i 'm sure they 'll take a human too , '' she told hannah . 
 `` wait , '' hannah said as she sliced a lock of her auburn hair off and handing it to her with one of the collars . 
 `` give these to caleb , your alpha . 
 he 'll understand . '' 
 the girl nodded , quickly changed back into wolf , and with the collar and her hair in her mouth , dove into the forest . 
 hannah was alone with the truck . 
 she could n't understand why hunters would need a witch to capture wolves especially when the coyote had been killing them . 
 then she remembered caleb saying her father was among the missing . 
 she realized the hawthorn must have grown impatient waiting to find her . 
 they turned to other witches who claimed they were wolf charmers and tested them with captured wolves . 
 as she turned to leave , the two men masquerading as hunters in jeans , work boots , and field coats , stepped out of the forest . 
 `` well what do we have here ? '' 
 said the smaller of the two men . 
 `` she 's probably one of those tree hugging activists who also saves wolves , '' said the taller man . 
 `` awfully pretty too . 
 i bet abel would love her . '' 
 her back was against the truck . 
 the two men closed in . 
 hannah ran , hoping to get away , knowing if she could just make it back into the woods she 'd be ok . 
 but the taller man quickly grabbed her . 
 she kicked and flailed but it was useless . 
 still holding the knife , she plunged it into his bicep . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 he yelled as he let her go . 
 she ran again , but the smaller man tackled her , throwing her onto the ground where she hit her temple on one of her circle stones . 
 the clearing went black . 
 chapter sixteen waking up , hannah felt the cold , wet cement against her cheek . 
 slowly she opened her eyes and let them adjust to the dimly lit stucco room . 
 as she sat up she realized she was n't alone . 
 by a large , rusty iron gate stood several nak * d people . 
 each of them dirty and bruised . 
 werewolves . 
 without any windows or furniture , the room looked like a crypt . 
 the only entrance into the room was the gate . 
 walking over to it she pulled then pushed against it with all her might . 
 `` it 's locked . 
 they might be ineffective , but they always remember to lock it . '' 
 the voice came from a man kneeling in the corner , as dirty and abused as the others . 
 he had sandy blond hair with grey at his temples . 
 he reminded her of caleb , except this man was older and not as muscular . 
 moving closer to him she felt an air of familiarity even though they had never met . 
 she was sure this was knox , her father . 
 `` i 'm sorry , have we met ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you 're awfully familiar , but its been a long time since i 've interacted with humans . '' 
 `` no , we have n't met . 
 i just have one of those faces i guess , '' hannah said , not wanting to introduce herself as his daughter while they were trapped . 
 `` well i 'm knox , '' he said , keeping himself covered . 
 `` i 'm hannah . 
 any idea where we are ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i know we 're near water , but that could be anywhere . '' 
 he inhaled and tilted his head , looking confused . 
 `` you 're hiding something . 
 something on you does n't smell right . '' 
 hannah looked at him with worry . 
 if he was able to tell she did n't smell right , it was only a matter of time before the other shifters in the cell realized it too . 
 as long as everyone thought she was human , she was safe , or at least safer . 
 not knowing how much longer the potion would mask her hair , she knew her time was limited . 
 `` please do n't say anything , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm going to try to get us out of here . 
 there are people looking for you and once they realize i 'm missing they 'll be looking for me too . '' 
 `` no offense , but how do you think you 'll be able to get us out of here ? 
 you 're just a human . 
 i 've been here for weeks . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , but maybe i can call someone , '' she said . 
 `` they 're not going to let you use a phone . '' 
 `` can you keep an eye out ? 
 make sure the others do n't see what i 'm doing and if anyone comes stall them . '' 
 `` sure , not like i 'm doing anything else , '' he said . 
 `` plus those shifters wo n't notice anything , their minds are gone from the torture . 
 now they 're like dogs at a pound waiting for rescue . '' 
 she looked back at the door and saw the shifters were still looking out , waiting . 
 hoping they 'd stay distracted and block the doorway from anyone who passed , she looked around for something she could make a circle out of , but did n't see anything . 
 the room was completely bare . 
 she knew she could summon the dead to speak to her , she could n't see why she could n't summon the living the same way . 
 frustrated , she put her hands in her cloak and felt the stone caleb handed her not so long ago . 
 she removed her cloak and gave it to knox . 
 `` here , i 'm sure you could use something to wear , '' she said . 
 he slipped it on and smiled at her gratefully . 
 `` do your thing and hurry . 
 i do n't know what 's going on but your scent is changing quickly . '' 
 hannah nodded and took a deep breath . 
 just what she needed , more pressure . 
 her heart fluttered in her chest and she bit her bottom lip as she wiped her moist palms on her jeans . 
 this has to work , she thought . 
 crouching down , she drew a circle around herself on the floor with the stone . 
 with it still in her hand , she closed her eyes and thought about caleb handing it to her . 
 then when he arrived on his motorcycle to pick her up for their first real date . 
 lastly she could n't help but smile as she remembered them running out of the restaurant on their night together . 
 `` hannah ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 caleb said . 
 she opened her eyes to find the room dark and empty except for the soft glow of caleb . 
 in his hands were the collar and her lock of hair . 
 `` the coyotes got me , caleb . 
 i do n't know where we 're at but there are a lot of shifters here . 
 even my ... knox . '' 
 `` your hair does n't smell right . 
 i ca n't find you if i ca n't smell your scent . '' 
 she was quiet for a moment . 
 he could n't help her if he could n't find her scent , but if she had her scent she was in even greater danger . 
 in the distance she heard a bell dinging insistently . 
 it was a familiar sound but not something she heard everyday . 
 slowly it dawned on her that the ringing was the drawbridge . 
 there was only one like it in the area . 
 `` caleb , the drawbridge . 
 i can hear it ! 
 and we 're in a cement room that 's wet . '' 
 `` i know where you 're at , hannah , '' caleb said . 
 `` i 'm on my way . '' 
 hannah opened her eyes and found herself back in the cell . 
 knox blocked the door with the others while a man yelled from the hallway . 
 his voice was familiar and turned hannah 's blood cold . 
 `` where 's the human ! 
 i know its her , i recognize that cloak . 
 let me through ! '' 
 renfield demanded . 
 chapter seventeen `` where is she ?! '' 
 caleb roared at the young girl who brought him a strange collar and a lock of hair he recognized as hannah 's . 
 the hair did n't have her scent , but he 'd recognize it anywhere . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 caleb was in a back room at night shift . 
 all alphas had offices there . 
 it was a central location they could use safely with the bar as a front . 
 the office was stark with little furniture except for a desk and a couple of chairs . 
 caleb did n't see the need in splurging like some of the other alphas . 
 the office was for utility . 
 if he wanted comfort , he 'd go home to his den where he had privacy . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know ! 
 i told the human to run . 
 we were so frightened , one else even stopped to thank her . 
 she released us from the cages and removed those collars . 
 i do n't know what happened after i left . 
 i came straight here to give you those things like she asked . '' 
 `` leave ! '' 
 he growled . 
 she ran out the door and he paced the room , his boots thudding against the formica floor . 
 what happened to her scent ? 
 she could n't have lost it so quickly . 
 something else had to be going on . 
 caleb wished he knew what and he blamed himself for not knowing . 
 hawthorn was definitely behind this . 
 just from what little that girl was able to say , and the stench of coyote on her , it was enough to go after them . 
 but with hannah in their clutches , he had to be extra careful . 
 caleb could n't go full steam ahead to abel when hannah could be located somewhere else . 
 the fact that shifters had been missing for all this time , without a trace meant that abel was more conniving than he thought . 
 he 'd have to head out to the clearing , where the girl said hannah rescued them and see if he could find a traceable scent . 
 sending a quick text to erich and joaquin of the shifter council to join him , caleb pulled on his black leather jacket and opened the door to leave , still holding the collar and hannah 's lock of hair . 
 pain shot through his head . 
 clutching it , he leaned against the wall to steady himself unsure what happened . 
 with the light of the room searing his eyes , he shut them for relief . 
 when he opened them next , the room was dark with a single light that lit hannah who sat crossed legged on a cement floor . 
 `` hannah ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 caleb said . 
 `` the coyotes got me , caleb . 
 i do n't know where we 're at but there are a lot of shifters here . 
 even my ... knox . '' 
 `` your hair does n't smell right . 
 i ca n't find you if i ca n't smell your scent . '' 
 she was quiet for a moment before she spoke . 
 `` caleb , the drawbridge , the bell ! 
 i can hear it ! 
 and we 're in a cement room that 's wet . '' 
 he knew exactly where she was . 
 there were n't many drawbridges in the area that clanged a bell when they rose . 
 and he knew from his youth of an area dubbed ` the catacombs ' that was a defunct shelter during an early war . 
 `` i know where you 're at , hannah , '' caleb said . 
 `` i 'm on my way . '' 
 driving his motorcycle at top speed , caleb arrived within minutes of speaking to her . 
 he descended the pier near the drawbridge like he did in his youth , and entered the catacombs from the back . 
 he knew abel well enough to know exactly where he 'd be-in the great hall . 
 the corridors were empty . 
 he tried to find hannah 's scent , or even that of the other shifters , but they were masked by the strong the salt air . 
 as caleb entered the great hall , renfield slipped out of the room . 
 no matter , caleb would deal with him later . 
 `` where are they , abel ? '' 
 he growled . 
 abel barlow was a small , balding man with hunched over shoulders . 
 there was nothing alpha about his appearance yet he had one of the longest tenures . 
 what abel lacked for physically , he more than made up for with his intellect and cunning . 
 with a smug look on his face , abel sat back on his mock throne , an oversized chair with a tall back . 
 `` took you long enough to get here . 
 what was it ? 
 the human ? 
 did you not care enough about your own people to try to find them until now ? '' 
 caleb kept his head knowing abel was trying to manipulate his anger . 
 as he circled abel , caleb counted the number of coyote shifters in the room . 
 five . 
 he could count on that number at least doubling once he attacked . 
 he could take them . 
 `` release them all now and i promise not to kill you , '' caleb growled , his teeth clenched . 
 abel chuckled . 
 `` such a sense of humor ! 
 i know you 're alone , caleb . 
 and i have my entire pack here . 
 what is that ? 
 one versus one hundred ? '' 
 `` i like those odds . '' 
 hannah 's scent suddenly came over caleb . 
 glancing to his left he saw renfield leading her and a small group of shifters down the corridor . 
 hannah saw him , her face filled with relief then fear as her large green eyes scanned the room . 
 she grabbed renfield and spoke hurriedly , but before caleb could tune in to hear her , the first coyote attacked . 
 caleb quickly let his wolf spirit take control . 
 as a wolf , he dwarfed the coyotes and smacked the smaller animal out of the way with his large paw . 
 the coyotes attacked at once . 
 one by one he eliminated them , teeth sinking into fur or a swift shake to break a neck , bodies tossed like garbage at the wall . 
 keeping an eye on abel , he made his way closer to his throne as the coyotes slowed their attack out of fear . 
 `` i saw how you looked at her , caleb . 
 she 's the witch is n't she ? 
 i had all along , but she tricked me . 
 what a powerful charmer she must be to control the likes of you . '' 
 filled with rage , caleb charged towards abel . 
 he did n't care if abel chose to remain in human form , he 'd take his life anyway . 
 suddenly he felt something pinch his shoulder , then a sharp pain began to spread . 
 he fell to the ground before reaching abel who jumped out of the way and ran to a beautiful woman with long blonde hair , and bright emerald eyes , holding a bow with another arrow cocked . 
 baring his teeth , caleb stood , his adrenalin holding back the pain from his injury . 
 a group of shifters entered the room as they changed into their different animal forms . 
 hannah was behind them . 
 caleb recognized some of his missing pack members . 
 they fought the rest of the coyotes while caleb kept his eyes on abel and his witch . 
 hannah ran over and touched caleb 's shoulder where the arrow remained . 
 her eyes glowed amber , and caleb knew this was too much for her . 
 she could change at any minute . 
 caleb charged , easily avoiding the second arrow , he looked beside him as he was joined by a bear and a panther . 
 his friends had arrived . 
 abel shifted into coyote and ran . 
 leaving the woman behind . 
 erich roared and caleb let the bear chase after the coyote alpha while joaquin cornered the blonde , his teeth bared . 
 `` hmm a panther , '' she said seductively . 
 `` i have n't tried charming one of those yet . '' 
 she stared at the large cat and slowly joaquin lowered his head . 
 caleb shifted back to human form , sat at abel 's throne and yanked the arrow out of his shoulder . 
 stunned to see his friend being charmed by the witch , he almost did n't realize hannah kneeled beside him to look at his wound . 
 `` it 'll be fine , it 's hardly even bleeding , '' she said . 
 `` i heal quickly . 
 hannah ... the panther . '' 
 she looked in that direction , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` i 've had enough of this ! '' 
 she said angrily as she got up . 
 hannah , her eyes glowing yellow , stormed over to the blonde witch . 
 the panther laid at her feet , purring contently . 
 `` charm this , bitch ! '' 
 hannah said as her fangs sprang forth . 
 hannah jumped on top of the other woman and snapped at her neck , scaring her . 
 the blonde screamed , cutting her charm over joaquin who shifted back to human and sat confused with his head in his hands . 
 caleb smiled , recognizing the strut of the werewolf when hannah stood up and smiled . 
 the blonde reached up to grab hannah 's hair but she spun around and punched her in the chin , knocking her out cold . 
 hannah closed her eyes briefly and when she opened them , they were the green eyes caleb fell in love with . 
 he was wrong to think staying away from her would protect her . 
 letting her wolf spirit come forward was the best protection hannah could ever have . 
 chapter eighteen in the month since the hawthorn pack had been captured , hannah and caleb had spent every moment together . 
 busy enjoying life in the present , she had n't even gone to the clearing to speak with pea or rebekah . 
 caleb said he needed to take care of some business , so she went home to visit her mother , eliza . 
 while doing some of her laundry , eliza came out of her bedroom humming happily . 
 hannah had never seen her mother so happy and knew it was because of knox . 
 `` its a beautiful night , hannah , '' eliza said before she walked over and kissed her daughter on the cheek . 
 `` you seem even happier than usual . '' 
 `` i asked knox to move in and he said yes ! 
 i 'm so excited , i feel like a kid again . '' 
 `` that 's great , mom ! 
 i 'm happy for you , '' hannah said . 
 `` but i guess if knox is going to move in , then maybe i should move out and give you two some privacy . '' 
 `` you 're barely home anymore as it is . 
 not that i do n't understand of course . 
 i 'm just saying that you do n't need to move out . 
 besides , he 's your dad . 
 do n't you want to get to know him ? '' 
 `` i have plenty of time to get to know him , but i 'm an adult . 
 i do n't need a dad i 've never had . 
 right now i think its more important that you two have some alone time together . 
 you know , make up for lost time . 
 besides with my job and caleb , maybe i should look for something closer to town . '' 
 `` how is that going ? 
 i 'm sure the kids love you . '' 
 hannah had been working for the rowan pack as a child counselor for the past couple of weeks . 
 after growing up feeling awkward and insecure for being a witch , and recently going through the transformation into werewolf herself , caleb told her she would be perfect to talk to the kids and help them deal with bullies and learning how to accept themselves . 
 he was right . 
 `` and i love them . 
 its really great ! 
 i never thought my growing up differently would help in any way , but the kids and i can really relate to each other . '' 
 `` that 's great , hon. i 'm so proud of you . 
 are you staying over tonight ? '' 
 `` actually i want to see if i can summon rebekah by her grave . '' 
 `` you 're not going to the clearing ? '' 
 eliza asked . 
 `` no , i feel like pea is waiting to see me and i 'm just not ready yet , '' hannah said . 
 `` i know she was just trying to protect us , but i 'm really having a hard time dealing with her keeping knox from us for all those years . 
 i grew up without a father because of her . 
 ok , i did n't need one , but what about you ? 
 you lost the love of your life for all those years . 
 pea was always so sweet and loving to me , i 'm having a hard time reconciling it . 
 i 'll talk to her eventually . 
 i have to . 
 and i do miss her . 
 i have to see what she 'll say for herself . 
 but right now , i just need some space . '' 
 `` that 's fine , whatever you feel is best . '' 
 hannah pulled on a heavy sweatshirt and stepped out into the backyard . 
 the moon was high in the clear winter sky and as she breathed in the cold air , she could taste snow in the air and wondered how many inches they would get later . 
 snaking through pea 's old gardens , she yanked the wrought iron door to the small graveyard open . 
 picking up a long stick , she drew a circle in the dirt around her and focused on rebekah 's gravestone until appeared smiling and clasping her hands together happily . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you ! '' 
 rebekah said . 
 `` i did n't want to leave without thanking you . '' 
 `` leave ? 
 where are you going ? '' 
 `` you did it ! 
 just like i knew you would . 
 you freed me ! '' 
 `` but i did n't do anything , '' hannah said . 
 rebekah sighed . 
 `` i could n't tell you exactly or the curse would n't lift . 
 when jacob cursed me to be earthbound and alone , he said only when the thirteenth witch of my clan charmed a wolf of her own could i be freed . 
 he was sure it would never happen and he chose thirteenth to remind me of my lost child with luke . '' 
 `` but you 're wrong , i did n't charm caleb at all . 
 i would n't even know how to if i wanted to . '' 
 `` you do n't need to , my dear . 
 the strongest of all magic is love . 
 no one can teach you how to love , it just happens . 
 when you and caleb finally accepted that you were made for each other , and that nothing should keep you apart , my curse was lifted . '' 
 `` then what about luke ? 
 have you been able see him ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 `` everyday . 
 he 's been waiting for me for all this time . 
 and for you too , '' rebekah said as she smiled at something in the distance . 
 a dark haired man appeared next to rebekah and slipped his arm around her waist . 
 his body was strong like a werewolf 's , but he glowed like the halo around a full moon . 
 hannah had never seen anything like it . 
 slowly luke took his eyes off rebekah and faced hannah . 
 she was surprised to see emerald green eyes exactly like her own staring back at her . 
 `` thank you , hannah , '' he said . 
 `` thank you for opening your heart to one of my kind . 
 and please thank him for me too . 
 because of you , i 'm able to spend eternity with the woman i 've always loved . 
 never take a moment with each other for granted . '' 
 he leaned towards rebekah and kissed her forehead . 
 rebekah blew a kiss at hannah , then waved before she and luke turned and walked away , slowly disappearing into the moonlight . 
 hannah smiled , waving at them , happy everything worked out . 
 in the distance she heard caleb 's motorcycle approaching . 
 she left the graveyard and walked through the cottage to look out the oval window facing the street . 
 caleb had just pulled up and as she watched him , she wondered how she could 've gotten so lucky to stumble upon such a hot wolf that night in the woods . 
 catching her at the window , he waved and she came out to greet him . 
 `` i heard knox is moving in , '' he said before pulling her close against him and kissing her lips . 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 i know you , you 'll think you 're intruding on them . '' 
 from the moment hannah felt the first rush of his touch , she worried about losing that feeling . 
 she did n't have to . 
 the thrill of him , and her desire for him grew stronger daily . 
 that was the real reason she was moving out . 
 if her mother felt half as strongly about knox as she did about caleb , then she did n't want to disturb that . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . 
 maybe i 'll get an apartment closer to town . '' 
 `` i want to show you something . 
 come with me , '' he said . 
 he undressed then shifted into wolf form . 
 she climbed onto his back , holding onto his jeans and t-shirt for after he changed back . 
 wrapping her fingers into the coarse fur around his thick neck , she held on as he bolted into the forest . 
 following the path , hannah knew they were heading towards the clearing . 
 sighing , she got annoyed but knew she never told caleb how she was still feeling about what pea did to her and her mother . 
 caleb slowed down before reaching the clearing and shifted back into his human form . 
 curious about what he was up to , but not wanting to spoil whatever surprise he had planned , hannah handed him his clothes . 
 dressing quickly , they entered the clearing and celeb flicked the switch on a generator , turning on small , white lights he hung in the trees surrounding the area . 
 the clearing looked magical , like something out of a fairy tale . 
 it took hannah 's breath away . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 hannah asked . 
 he slipped his hand to the back of her neck , and pulled her closer then kissed her forehead , then her lips . 
 taking her hand , he kissed her fingers then smiled . 
 `` i know you have n't been here in a while because you 're upset with pea , but you 've always loved this place so i could n't think of a better place , '' he said as he looked into her eyes . 
 `` i also know how you find some traditions silly , like getting down on one knee . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he pulled something out of his pocket and held it between them . 
 it was a beautiful antique diamond ring with a glittering diamond surrounded by smaller ones bead-set along the intricate hand-crafted band . 
 `` since the moment i met you , i knew you were the woman for me . 
 it was n't just that you were my fated mate , but you 're strong , sweet , and not afraid to talk back to me , '' he said laughing . 
 `` i love you , hannah crane . 
 i love everything about you and i ca n't imagine another moment without being able to tell the world that not only are you my mate , but my wife as well . 
 move in with me . 
 spend the rest of your life with me . 
 marry me . '' 
 hannah 's heart thumped in her chest and she could n't wipe the smile off her face . 
 of course she 'd marry him , but she could n't help but notice he did n't ask . 
 she wanted to remind the alpha who was the boss . 
 `` is that a question ? '' 
 hannah asked giggling . 
 `` and you said you were n't a wolf charmer , '' he said laughing , then kissed her . 
 `` miss hannah crane , will you do me the honor of being my bride ? '' 
 `` well since you asked ... yes ! '' 
 caleb hugged her tight and hannah held him wondering how every time she thought she was the happiest she had ever been , she got happier . 
 she was n't in a rush to get married , she was just starting to figure out her life , but she knew caleb was who she wanted to be with for the rest of her life and if she was lucky like rebekah , for an eternity after that . 
 the end continue reading for the opening chapters of his every whim his every whim by liliana rhodes part one ~ july chapter one ashley `` ashley , wait ! 
 you forgot your tie ! '' 
 i turned around when i heard jackie call me . 
 i took the black clip-on tie that was part of our uniform from her then clipped it in place and looked at the other girls in their pressed white shirts , black slacks , ties and vests . 
 had anyone told me i 'd graduate from college and become a waitress , i would 've told them they were full of shit . 
 but there i was , dressed and ready to serve cocktails at the famed boone art gallery . 
 `` do i look alright ? 
 i ca n't believe you have to wear this outfit whenever you work . '' 
 `` it pays the bills while i 'm in school . 
 besides ash , you look great . 
 it really shows off your curves . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 she was just trying to make me feel better . 
 i looked like a penguin and i knew everyone thought the same . 
 i glanced over at jackie with her dark brown hair up in a pony tail just like mine . 
 that 's where the similarities ended . 
 dressed alike , we looked like the before and after of a diet ad . 
 `` thanks for getting me this job jackie . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you . '' 
 `` no sweat . 
 i know you 'd do the same for me . 
 plus when i heard this party was at the boone , i knew i had to get you in . 
 maybe you can see if they 're hiring . '' 
 i nodded and hoped she 'd drop the subject . 
 i needed to put my best foot forward and get through the night . 
 i did n't need to be reminded of my inability to get a job because i `` only '' had an art history degree and no `` real '' work experience . 
 in a matter of days my world came crashing down around me . 
 when my graduate school loans got denied at the last minute , i had to scramble to find a job to keep my apartment . 
 now , two months later , not only was i still unemployed , but i was sleeping on jackie 's pull-out couch . 
 i really did n't want to think about it . 
 as if she read my mind , jackie put her arm around me and gave me a quick hug . 
 we each grabbed a small tray of champagne filled glasses and headed out of the break room and into the crowded exhibit area . 
 the boone art gallery buzzed with excitement . 
 the event was invitation only for the grand opening of the pedro escamino exhibit-the hottest young sculptor in years . 
 everywhere i looked , beautiful people posed in their expensive clothes . 
 men strutted by in perfectly tailored suits and women glowed in couture gowns . 
 it reminded me that being a waitress was the closest i 'd ever get to being at this kind of event . 
 the gallery 's large , open , modern space was white and simple in order to allow the art work to pop and be the focus . 
 partial walls throughout the room governed the flow of traffic , and gave the viewers either the surprise of the next piece or showcased another . 
 throughout the gallery cozy alcoves with sleek , low european-style couches and cocktail tables invited the guests to relax . 
 as i walked around the room with my tray , offering the passing guests a glass of chilled champagne , jackie rushed over to me , her voice filled with alarm as she whispered even though she had a fake smile in place . 
 `` see that guy over there ? 
 in the alcove to the right . 
 sitting by himself . 
 do n't be obvious about it . '' 
 i casually glanced towards the alcove she mentioned and saw a man sitting by himself . 
 his legs were stretched out in front of him as he leaned back into the couch . 
 while he dressed like the other men , in a perfectly tailored suit , he definitely wore it much better . 
 i never realized before how sexy a man could look in a suit . 
 he looked to be in his forties since his light brown hair had some grey in it , especially at his temples . 
 he wore his hair a little on the longer side , almost shaggy but not unkempt , and he had a closely trimmed beard which made it hard to see his face well . 
 regardless , it was obvious he was a very handsome man . 
 complementing his charcoal grey suit , he wore an ice-blue tie . 
 i could n't help but wonder what color his eyes were or how rough the hair of his beard would feel against my cheek . 
 with one glance it was obvious to whoever looked that he refused to enjoy himself , but for some reason i felt myself drawn to him . 
 `` you mean the grump ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` shh ! 
 yes ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` he 's always at these things . 
 i 've never seen him mingle or talk to any guests . 
 he just sits there . '' 
 she paused for a moment as she snuck a quick peek at him . 
 `` stay away from him . 
 he always yells at the wait staff whenever we offer him anything . 
 i think he likes to make people cry . '' 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 `` damned if i know . 
 just some a ** hole i guess but i wanted to warn you . '' 
 jackie disappeared into the crowd while i stood near an appetizer display taking it all in . 
 i could n't help it , what she said intrigued me . 
 i regularly darted my eyes over to the man in the alcove . 
 later , even after i made my way through the crowd again , i still checked to see if anyone spoke to him . 
 he remained completely alone and never once left his seat . 
 as the evening went on , i started to convince myself that he could n't be all that bad . 
 i told myself that maybe he was an a ** hole because no one ever offered him a drink or was nice to him . 
 all jackie said was that he made everyone cry . 
 if that was the worse he could do , then why not go over ? 
 i hemmed and hawed over it , making sure to walk past his alcove every so often to see if anyone spoke to him . 
 i was n't the kind of girl to be outgoing , normally i kept to myself and was shy and quiet , but eventually i could n't help myself . 
 i shoved away the old ashley and like a moth to a flame , i went over to offer him a glass of champagne . 
 chapter two xander yet another event at the boone art gallery . 
 i only attended these functions out of some bizarre sense of obligation , so there i sat again by myself in my favorite alcove . 
 at least it gave me the chance to people watch and if i had n't been doing just that , then i would n't have seen her . 
 she stood out from the crowd with her black , almond shaped eyes , bee stung lips , and dark brown hair . 
 i imagined she would be even more beautiful with her hair down around her shoulders . 
 even in that ridiculous catering uniform she was gorgeous . 
 if all women had curves like that i 'd be a happy man . 
 it was one of the things with society i did n't understand . 
 we pushed health and eating properly yet the image of beauty that was shoved down our throats was a thin , twig of a woman . 
 i preferred women to look healthy , have some meat on their bones , not be a bag of bones . 
 so for once i was glad to be at the boone and alone . 
 it gave me the opportunity to keep admiring her as she walked around offering champagne . 
 i had n't been this attracted to anyone in a long time . 
 it was a shame i could n't do anything about it . 
 if this was any other place and if i had n't hired the caterer , things could be different . 
 but those were excuses . 
 i chose to not look , to not get attached to anyone . 
 life was too complicated to bother . 
 chapter three ashley i loaded my tray with freshly poured champagne and made my way towards his alcove . 
 as i approached , i took a deep breath and reminded myself the worse he could do was make me cry . 
 i was a big girl , i could handle a few tears if that was what happened . 
 i needed to get closer to him . 
 i entered his alcove and smiled . 
 `` champagne sir ? '' 
 he grunted and looked up at me . 
 he did n't say a word , just stared . 
 i wondered if i should leave . 
 the old ashley would 've left , but the old ashley would n't have been in his alcove to begin with . 
 i figured i had nothing to lose and set a glass of champagne down on the small table in front of him . 
 `` did i say i wanted champagne ? '' 
 his voice growled and i immediately regretted being there but i was too stubborn to run away . 
 i summoned up all my courage , stood up straight and challenged his gaze . 
 `` no , but you did n't say you did n't want it either . '' 
 the brief silence lasted forever but then he cracked a smile and picked up the glass i set down . 
 for a moment i was even more frightened of him , thinking he was a wild card and absolutely crazy , until i noticed his eyes . 
 they were ice-blue , like his tie , and cold but i saw a flash of warmth behind them . 
 i never saw such amazing blue eyes before . 
 i wanted to lose myself in them . 
 while i braced myself for the worse , he leaned back into his seat and crossed his legs with his ankle resting on his knee . 
 when he took a sip of champagne , i breathed a sigh of relief and turned to head back into the crowd . 
 `` i 'm not done with you . '' 
 i stopped dead in my tracks . 
 his voice was menacing and sent chills up my spine . 
 oddly though i still found myself drawn to him , i could n't help it . 
 i turned back around to face him and saw the slightest smile playing on his lips . 
 `` is there anything else i can get for you sir ? '' 
 `` sit . '' 
 at first i moved towards the couch , i wanted to do whatever he said , but then i remembered i was working . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , but i need to continue making the rounds . '' 
 `` sit . 
 no one is going to say anything to you about it . 
 join me . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no buts . 
 sit . 
 you 're a waitress right ? 
 i need you to wait on me . '' 
 i looked out at the crowded room . 
 i wanted to get back to work and earn some money . 
 i needed to earn money . 
 again , the old me would 've done the responsible thing and return to work , but i still was n't ready to do things the old ashley way . 
 old ashley got me no where , it was time to change that . 
 i set my tray of champagne down on the alcove 's cocktail table and sat on the couch with him . 
 `` is there anything i can get you sir ? '' 
 `` do n't call me sir , call me xander . 
 and you are ? '' 
 `` ashley . '' 
 `` pleasure to meet you ashley . '' 
 he extended his hand to me and i shook it , letting my hand be engulfed by his and overwhelmed when the warmth of his hand penetrated deep into my core . 
 `` did n't they warn you about me ? '' 
 i could n't help it , i giggled and nodded as my cheeks turned hot . 
 it never occurred to me that he might know of his own reputation . 
 i wondered how much he did to maintain it . 
 `` they did . 
 i guess i do n't listen very well . '' 
 `` we 'll have to change that , '' he said . 
 his voice returned to its menacing tone again and i began to worry . 
 was he going to turn into the jerk jackie warned me about ? 
 maybe he planned to report me to the catering manager , mr. smithfield . 
 i was working with jackie for just the one night but hoped to do it regularly . 
 being the only recent prospect i had to earn money , i did n't want to mess it up . 
 i kept an eye out for mr. smithfield , who jackie earlier convinced to give me a chance . 
 `` have you been waitressing for long ? 
 i do n't think i 've seen you here before . '' 
 `` no sir , tonight is my first night . '' 
 `` sir ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 `` sorry ... xander . '' 
 `` and on your first night you decide to bother the one person they warned you about ? 
 interesting . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 `` what did you do before this ? '' 
 i did n't answer him right away . 
 i did n't know why he asked so many questions . 
 his face was stoic . 
 i could n't tell if he was trying to be friendly or simply interrogating me . 
 i did n't think i had a choice , i had to answer him . 
 `` i just graduated college . '' 
 `` ahh so you just graduated college and you 're waitressing ? 
 what did you major in ? 
 a waste like art history ? '' 
 he laughed at his own joke but i did n't find it funny . 
 i folded my arms in front of my chest . 
 great , this is how he 's going to make me cry . 
 `` it 's none of your business but yes . '' 
 he laughed even harder , the sound boomed out of him and i knew everyone heard it but no one reacted . 
 he took a glass of champagne from my tray and handed it to me . 
 `` i think you need this . '' 
 `` no , i 'm working , i ca n't . '' 
 `` do n't make me tell your boss that you refused a simple customer request . '' 
 he had a stern look and i could n't tell if he was joking or not but based on what jackie said about him before , i was n't going to take any chances . 
 i picked up the glass but as i took a small sip , i saw mr. smithfield enter the room . 
 there i sat , the girl jackie begged him to let waitress , resting and drinking champagne with a guest . 
 i could n't risk him seeing me and both of us losing our jobs . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i have to go . '' 
