 adara liked the winter best of all , for when the world grew cold the ice dragon came . 
 she was never quite sure whether it was the cold that brought the ice dragon or the ice dragon that brought the cold . 
 that was the sort of question that often troubled her brother geoff , who was two years older than her and insatiably curious , but adara did not care about such things . 
 so long as the cold and the snow and the ice dragon all arrived on schedule , she was happy . 
 she always knew when they were due because of her birthday . 
 adara was a winter child , born during the worst freeze that anyone could remember , even old laura , who lived on the next farm and remembered things that had happened before anyone else was born . 
 people still talked about that freeze . 
 adara often heard them . 
 they talked about other things as well . 
 they said it was the chill of that terrible freeze that had killed her mother , stealing in during her long night of labor past the great fire that adara 's father had built , and creeping under the layers of blankets that covered the birthing bed . 
 and they said that the cold had entered adara in the womb , that her skin had been pale blue and icy to the touch when she came forth , and that she had never warmed in all the years since . 
 the winter had touched her , left its mark upon her , and made her its own . 
 it was true that adara was always a child apart . 
 she was a very serious little girl who seldom cared to play with the others . 
 she was beautiful , people said , but in a strange , distant sort of way , with her pale skin and blond hair and wide clear blue eyes . 
 she smiled , but not often . 
 no one had ever seen her cry . 
 once when she was five she had stepped upon a nail imbedded in a board that lay concealed beneath a snowbank , and it had gone clear through her foot , but adara had not wept or screamed even then . 
 she had pulled her foot loose and walked back to the house , leaving a trail of blood in the snow , and when she had gotten there she had said only , `` father , i hurt myself . '' 
 the sulks and tempers and tears of ordinary childhood were not for her . 
 even her family knew that adara was different . 
 her father was a huge , gruff bear of a man who had little use for people in general , but a smile always broke across his face when geoff pestered him with questions , and he was full of hugs and laughter for teri , adara 's older sister , who was golden and freckled , and flirted shamelessly with all the local boys . 
 every so often he would hug adara as well , especially when he was drunk , which was frequent during the long winters . 
 but there would be no smiles then . 
 he would only wrap his arms around her , and pull her small body tight against him with all his massive strength , sob deep in his chest , and fat wet tears would run down his ruddy cheeks . 
 he never hugged her at all during the summers . 
 during the summers he was too busy . 
 everyone was busy during the summers except for adara . 
 geoff would work with his father in the fields and ask endless questions about this and that , learning everything a farmer had to know . 
 when he was not working he would run with his friends to the river , and have adventures . 
 teri ran the house and did the cooking , and worked a bit at the inn by the crossroads during the busy season . 
 the innkeeper 's daughter was her friend , and his youngest son was more than a friend , and she would always come back giggly and full of gossip and news from travellers and soldiers and king 's messengers . 
 for teri and geoff the summers were the best time , and both of them were too busy for adara . 
 their father was the busiest of all . 
 a thousand things needed to be done each day , and he did them , and found a thousand more . 
 he worked from dawn to dusk . 
 his muscles grew hard and lean in summer , and he stank from sweat each night when he came in from the fields , but he always came in smiling . 
 after supper he would sit with geoff and tell him stories and answer his questions , or teach teri things she did not know about cooking , or stroll down to the inn . 
 he was a summer man , truly . 
 he never drank in summer , except for a cup of wine now and again to celebrate his brother 's visits . 
 that was another reason why teri and geoff loved the summers , when the world was green and hot and bursting with life . 
 it was only in summer that uncle hal , their father 's younger brother , came to call . 
 hal was a dragonrider in service to the king , a tall slender man with a face like a noble . 
 dragons can not stand the cold , so when winter fell hal and his wing would fly south . 
 but each summer he returned , brilliant in the king 's green-and-gold uniform , en route to the battlegrounds to the north and west of them . 
 the war had been going on for all of adara 's life . 
 whenever hal came north , he would bring presents ; toys from the king 's city , crystal and gold jewelry , candies , and always a bottle of some expensive wine that he and his brother could share . 
 he would grin at teri and make her blush with his compliments , and entertain geoff with tales of war and castles and dragons . 
 as for adara , he often tried to coax a smile out of her , with gifts and jests and hugs . 
 he seldom succeeded . 
 for all his good nature , adara did not like hal ; when hal was there , it meant that winter was far away . 
 besides , there had been a night when she was only four , and they thought her long asleep , that she overheard them talking over wine . 
 `` a solemn little thing , '' hal said . 
 `` you ought to be kinder to her , john . 
 you can not blame her for what happened . '' 
 `` ca n't i ? '' 
 her father replied , his voice thick with wine . 
 `` no , i suppose not . 
 but it is hard . 
 she looks like beth , but she has none of beth 's warmth . 
 the winter is in her , you know . 
 whenever i touch her i feel the chill , and i remember that it was for her that beth had to die . '' 
 `` you are cold to her . 
 you do not love her as you do the others . '' 
 adara remembered the way her father laughed then . 
 `` love her ? 
 ah , hal . 
 i loved her best of all , my little winter child . 
 but she has never loved back . 
 there is nothing in her for me , or you , any of us . 
 she is such a cold little girl . '' 
 and then he began to weep , even though it was summer and hal was with him . 
 in her bed , adara listened and wished that hal would fly away . 
 she did not quite understand all that she had heard , not then , but she remembered it , and the understanding came later . 
 she did not cry ; not at four , when she heard , or six , when she finally understood . 
 hal left a few days later , and geoff and teri waved to him excitedly when his wing passed overhead , thirty great dragons in proud formation against the summer sky . 
 adara watched with her small hands by her sides . 
 there were other visits in other summers , but hal never made her smile , no matter what he brought her . 
 adara 's smiles were a secret store , and she spent of them only in winter . 
 she could hardly wait for her birthday to come , and with it the cold . 
 for in winter she was a special child . 
 she had known it since she was very little , playing with the others in the snow . 
 the cold had never bothered her the way it did geoff and teri and their friends . 
 often adara stayed outside alone for hours after the others had fled in search of warmth , or run off to old laura 's to eat the hot vegetable soup she liked to make for the children . 
 adara would find a secret place in the far corner of the fields , a different place each winter , and there she would build a tall white castle , patting the snow in place with small bare hands , shaping it into towers and battlements like those hal often talked about on the king 's castle in the city . 
 she would snap icicles off from the lower branches of trees , and use them for spires and spikes and guardposts , ranging them all about her castle . 
 and often in the dead of winter would come a brief thaw and a sudden freeze , and overnight her snow castle would turn to ice , as hard and strong as she imagined real castles to be . 
 all through the winters she would build on her castle , and no one ever knew . 
 but always the spring would come , and a thaw not followed by a freeze ; then all the ramparts and walls would melt away , and adara would begin to count the days until her birthday came again . 
 her winter castles were seldom empty . 
 at the first frost each year , the ice lizards would come wriggling out of their burrows , and the fields would be overrun with the tiny blue creatures , darting this way and that , hardly seeming to touch the snow as they skimmed across it . 
 all the children played with the ice lizards . 
 but the others were clumsy and cruel , and they would snap the fragile little animals in two , breaking them between their fingers as they might break an icicle hanging from a roof . 
 even geoff , who was too kind ever to do something like that , sometimes grew curious , and held the lizards too long in his efforts to examine them , and the heat of his hands would make them melt and burn and finally die . 
 adara 's hands were cool and gentle , and she could hold the lizards as long as she liked without harming them , which always made geoff pout and ask angry questions . 
 sometimes she would lie in the cold , damp snow and let the lizards crawl all over her , delighting in the light touch of their feet as they skittered across her face . 
 sometimes she would wear ice lizards hidden in her hair as she went about her chores , though she took care never to take them inside where the heat of the fires would kill them . 
 always she would gather up scraps after the family ate , and bring them to the secret place where her castle was a-building , and there she would scatter them . 
 so the castles she erected were full of kings and courtiers every winter ; small furry creatures that snuck out from the woods , winter birds with pale white plumage , and hundreds and hundreds of squirming , struggling ice lizards , cold and quick and fat . 
 adara liked the ice lizards better than any of the pets the family had kept over the years . 
 but it was the ice dragon that she loved . 
 she did not know when she had first seen it . 
 it seemed to her that it had always been a part of her life , a vision glimpsed during the deep of winter , sweeping across the frigid sky on wings serene and blue . 
 ice dragons were rare , even in those days , and whenever it was seen the children would all point and wonder , while the old folks muttered and shook their heads . 
 it was a sign of a long and bitter winter when ice dragons were abroad in the land . 
 an ice dragon had been seen flying across the face of the moon on the night adara had been born , people said , and each winter since it had been seen again , and those winters had been very bad indeed , the spring coming later each year . 
 so the people would set fires and pray and hope to keep the ice dragon away , and adara would fill with fear . 
 but it never worked . 
 every year the ice dragon returned . 
 adara knew it came for her . 
 the ice dragon was large , half again the size of the scaled green war dragons that hal and his fellows flew . 
 adara had heard legends of wild dragons larger than mountains , but she had never seen any . 
 hal 's dragon was big enough , to be sure , five times the size of a horse , but it was small compared to the ice dragon , and ugly besides . 
 the ice dragon was a crystalline white , that shade of white that is so hard and cold that it is almost blue . 
 it was covered with hoarfrost , so when it moved its skin broke and crackled as the crust on the snow crackles beneath a man 's boots , and flakes of rime fell off . 
 its eyes were clear and deep and icy . 
 its wings were vast and batlike , colored all a faint translucent blue . 
 adara could see the clouds through them , and oftentimes the moon and stars , when the beast wheeled in frozen circles through the skies . 
 its teeth were icicles , a triple row of them , jagged spears of unequal length , white against its deep blue maw . 
 when the ice dragon beat its wings , the cold winds blew and the snow swirled and scurried and the world seemed to shrink and shiver . 
 sometimes when a door flew open in the cold of winter , driven by a sudden gust of wind , the householder would run to bolt it and say , `` an ice dragon flies nearby . '' 
 and when the ice dragon opened its great mouth , and exhaled , it was not fire that came streaming out , the burning sulfurous stink of lesser dragons . 
 the ice dragon breathed _ cold _ . 
 ice formed when it breathed . 
 warmth fled . 
 fires guttered and went out , shriven by the chill . 
 trees froze through to their slow secret souls , and their limbs turned brittle and cracked from their own weight . 
 animals turned blue and whimpered and died , their eyes bulging and their skin covered over with frost . 
 the ice dragon breathed death into the world ; death and quiet and _ cold _ . 
 but adara was not afraid . 
 she was a winter child , and the ice dragon was her secret . 
 she had seen it in the sky a thousand times . 
 when she was four , she saw it on the ground . 
 she was out building on her snow castle , and it came and landed close to her , in the emptiness of the snow-covered fields . 
 all the ice lizards ran away . 
 adara simply stood . 
 the ice dragon looked at her for ten long heartbeats , before it took to the air again . 
 the wind shrieked around her and through her as it beat its wings to rise , but adara felt strangely exulted . 
 later that winter it returned , and adara touched it . 
 its skin was very cold . 
 she took off her glove nonetheless . 
 it would not be right otherwise . 
 she was half afraid it would burn and melt at her touch , but it did not . 
 it was much more sensitive to heat than even the ice lizards , adara knew somehow . 
 but she was special , the winter child , cool . 
 she stroked it , and finally gave its wing a kiss that hurt her lips . 
 that was the winter of her fourth birthday , the year she touched the ice dragon . 
 the winter of her fifth birthday was the year she rode upon it for the first time . 
 it found her again , working on a different castle at a different place in the fields , alone as ever . 
 she watched it come , and ran to it when it landed , and pressed herself against it . 
 that had been the summer when she had heard her father talking to hal . 
 they stood together for long minutes until finally adara , remembering hal , reached out and tugged at the dragon 's wing with a small hand . 
 and the dragon beat its great wings once , and then extended them flat against the snow , and adara scrambled up to wrap her arms about its cold white neck . 
 together , for the first time , they flew . 
 she had no harness or whip , as the king 's dragonriders use . 
 at times the beating of the wings threatened to shake her loose from where she clung , and the coldness of the dragon 's flesh crept through her clothing and bit and numbed her child 's flesh . 
 but adara was not afraid . 
 they flew over her father 's farm , and she saw geoff looking very small below , startled and afraid , and knew he could not see her . 
 it made her laugh an icy , tinkling laugh , a laugh as bright and crisp as the winter air . 
 they flew over the crossroads inn , where crowds of people came out to watch them pass . 
 they flew above the forest , all white and green and silent . 
 they flew high into the sky , so high that adara could not even see the ground below , and she thought she glimpsed another ice dragon , way off in the distance , but it was not half so grand as _ hers _ . 
 they flew for most of the day , and finally the dragon swept around in a great circle , and spiraled down , gliding on its stiff and glittering wings . 
 it let her off in the field where it had found her , just after dusk . 
 her father found her there , and wept to see her , and hugged her savagely . 
 adara did not understand that , nor why he beat her after he had gotten her back to the house . 
 but when she and geoff had been put to sleep , she heard him slide out of his own bed and come padding over to hers . 
 `` you missed it all , '' he said . 
 `` there was an ice dragon , and it scared everybody . 
 father was afraid it had eaten you . '' 
 adara smiled to herself in the darkness , but said nothing . 
 she flew on the ice dragon four more times that winter , and every winter after that . 
 each year she flew further and more often than the year before , and the ice dragon was seen more frequently in the skies above their farm . 
 each winter was longer and colder than the one before . 
 each year the thaw came later . 
 and sometimes there were patches of land , where the ice dragon had lain to rest , that never seemed to thaw properly at all . 
 there was much talk in the village during her sixth year , and a message was sent to the king . 
 no answer ever came . 
 `` a bad business , ice dragons , '' hal said that summer when he visited the farm . 
 `` they 're not like real dragons , you know . 
 you ca n't break them or train them . 
 we have tales of those that tried , found frozen with their whip and harness in hand . 
 i 've heard about people that have lost hands or fingers just by touching one of them . 
 frostbite . 
 yes , a bad business . '' 
 `` then why does n't the king do something ? '' 
 her father demanded . 
 `` we sent a message . 
 unless we can kill the beast or drive it away , in a year or two we wo n't have any planting season at all . '' 
 hal smiled grimly . 
 `` the king has other concerns . 
 the war is going badly , you know . 
 they advance every summer , and they have twice as many dragonriders as we do . 
 i tell you , john , it 's hell up there . 
 some year i 'm not going to come back . 
 the king can hardly spare men to go chasing an ice dragon . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` besides , i do n't think anybody 's ever killed one of the things . 
 maybe we should just let the enemy take this whole province . 
 then it 'd be _ his _ ice dragon . '' 
 but it would n't be , adara thought as she listened . 
 no matter what king ruled the land , it would always be _ her _ ice dragon . 
 hal departed and summer waxed and waned . 
 adara counted the days until her birthday . 
 hal passed through again before the first chill , taking his ugly dragon south for the winter . 
 his wing seemed smaller when it came flying over the forest that fall , though , and his visit was briefer than usual , and ended with a loud quarrel between him and her father . 
 `` they wo n't move during the winter , '' hal said . 
 `` the winter terrain is too treacherous , and they wo n't risk an advance without dragonriders to cover them from above . 
 but come spring , we are n't going to be able to hold them . 
 the king may not even try . 
 sell the farm now , while you can still get a good price . 
 you can buy another piece of land in the south . '' '' 
 _ this _ is my land , '' her father said . 
 `` i was born here . 
 you too , though you seem to have forgotten it . 
 our parents are buried here . 
 and beth too . 
 i want to lie beside her when i go . '' 
 `` you 'll go a lot sooner than you 'd like if you do n't listen to me , '' hal said angrily . 
 `` do n't be stupid , john . 
 i know what the land means to you , but it is n't worth your life . '' 
 he went on and on , but her father would not be moved . 
 they ended the evening swearing at each other , and hal left in the dead of night , slamming the door behind him as he went . 
 adara , listening , had made a decision . 
 it did not matter what her father did or did not do . 
 she would stay . 
 if she moved , the ice dragon would not know where to find her when winter came , and if she went too far south it would never be able to come to her at all . 
 it did come to her , though , just after her seventh birthday . 
 that winter was the coldest one of all . 
 she flew so often and so far that she scarcely had time to work on her ice castle . 
 hal came again in the spring . 
 there were only a dozen dragons in his wing , and he brought no presents that year . 
 he and her father argued once again . 
 hal raged and pleaded and threatened , but her father was stone . 
 finally hal left , off to the battlefields . 
 that was the year the king 's line broke , up north near some town with a long name that adara could not pronounce . 
 teri heard about it first . 
 she returned from the inn one night flushed and excited . 
 `` a messenger came through , on his way to the king , '' she told them . 
 `` the enemy won some big battle , and he 's to ask for reinforcements . 
 he said our army is retreating . '' 
 their father frowned , and worry lines creased his brow . 
 `` did he say anything of the king 's dragonriders ? '' 
 arguments or no , hal was family . 
 `` i asked , '' teri said . 
 `` he said the dragonriders are the rear guard . 
 they 're supposed to raid and burn , delay the enemy while our army pulls back safely . 
 oh , i hope uncle hal is safe ! '' 
 `` hal will show them , '' geoff said . 
 `` him and brimstone will burn 'em all up . '' 
 their father smiled . 
 `` hal could always take care of himself . 
 at any rate , there is nothing we can do . 
 teri , if any more messengers come through , ask them how it goes . '' 
 she nodded , her concern not quite covering her excitement . 
 it was all quite thrilling . 
 in the weeks that followed , the thrill wore off , as the people of the area began to comprehend the magnitude of the disaster . 
 the king 's highway grew busier and busier , and all the traffic flowed from north to south , and all the travellers wore green-and-gold . 
 at first the soldiers marched in disciplined columns , led by officers wearing golden helmets , but even then they were less than stirring . 
 the columns marched wearily , and the uniforms were filthy and torn , and the swords and pikes and axes the soldiers carried were nicked and oftimes stained . 
 some men had lost their weapons ; they limped along blindly , empty-handed . 
 and the trains of wounded that followed the columns were often longer than the columns themselves . 
 adara stood in the grass by the side of the road and watched them pass . 
 she saw a man with no eyes supporting a man with only one leg , as the two of them walked together . 
 she saw men with no legs , or no arms , or both . 
 she saw a man with his head split open by an axe , and many men covered with caked blood and filth , men who moaned low in their throats as they walked . 
 she _ smelled _ men with bodies that were horribly greenish and puffed-up . 
 one of them died and was left abandoned by the side of the road . 
 adara told her father and he and some of the men from the village came out and buried him . 
 most of all , adara saw the burned men . 
 there were dozens of them in every column that passed , men whose skin was black and seared and falling off , who had lost an arm or a leg or half of a face to the hot breath of a dragon . 
 teri told them what the officers said , when they stopped at the inn to drink or rest ; the enemy had many , many dragons . 
 for almost a month the columns flowed past , more every day . 
 even old laura admitted that she had never seen so much traffic on the road . 
 from time to time a lone messenger on horseback rode against the tide , galloping towards the north , but always alone . 
 after a time everyone knew there would be no reinforcements . 
 an officer in one of the last columns advised the people of the area to pack up whatever they could carry , and move south . 
 `` they are coming , '' he warned . 
 a few listened to him , and indeed for a week the road was full of refugees from towns further north . 
 some of them told frightful stories . 
 when they left , more of the local people went with them . 
 but most stayed . 
 they were people like her father , and the land was in their blood . 
 the last organized force to come down the road was a ragged troop of cavalry , men as gaunt as skeletons riding horses with skin pulled tight around their ribs . 
 they thundered past in the night , their mounts heaving and foaming , and the only one to pause was a pale young officer , who reined his mount up briefly and shouted , `` go , go . 
 they are burning everything ! '' 
 then he was off after his men . 
 the few soldiers who came after were alone or in small groups . 
 they did not always use the road , and they did not pay for the things they took . 
 one swordsman killed a farmer on the other side of town , raped his wife , stole his money , and ran . 
 his rags were green-and-gold . 
 then no one came at all . 
 the road was deserted . 
 the innkeeper claimed he could smell ashes when the wind blew from the north . 
 he packed up his family and went south . 
 teri was distraught . 
 geoff was wide-eyed and anxious and only a bit frightened . 
 he asked a thousand questions about the enemy , and practiced at being a warrior . 
 their father went about his labors , busy as ever . 
 war or no war , he had crops in the field . 
 he smiled less than usual , however , and he began to drink , and adara often saw him glancing up at the sky while he worked . 
 adara wandered the fields alone , played by herself in the damp summer heat , and tried to think of where she would hide if her father tried to take them away . 
 last of all , the king 's dragonriders came , and with them hal . 
 there were only four of them . 
 adara saw the first one , and went and told her father , and he put his hand on her shoulder and together they watched it pass , a solitary green dragon with a vaguely tattered look . 
 it did not pause for them . 
 two days later , three dragons flying together came into view , and one of them detached itself from the others and circled down to their farm while the other two headed south . 
 uncle hal was thin and grim and sallow-looking . 
 his dragon looked sick . 
 its eyes ran , and one of its wings had been partially burned , so it flew in an awkward , heavy manner , with much difficulty . 
 `` now will you go ? '' 
 hal said to his brother , in front of all the children . 
 `` no . 
 nothing has changed . '' 
 hal swore . 
 `` they will be here within three days , '' he said . 
 `` their dragonriders may be here even sooner . '' 
 `` father , i 'm scared , '' teri said . 
 he looked at her , saw her fear , hesitated , and finally turned back to his brother . 
 `` i am staying . 
 but if you would , i would have you take the children . '' 
 now it was hal 's turn to pause . 
 he thought for a moment , and finally shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't , john . 
 i would , willingly , joyfully , if it were possible . 
 but it is n't . 
 brimstone is wounded . 
 he can barely carry me . 
 if i took on any extra weight , we might never make it . '' 
 teri began to weep . 
 `` i 'm sorry , love , '' hal said to her . 
 `` truly i am . '' 
 his fists clenched helplessly . 
 `` teri is almost full-grown , '' their father said . 
 `` if her weight is too much , then take one of the others . '' 
 brother looked at brother , with despair in their eyes . 
 hal trembled . 
 `` adara , '' he said finally . 
 `` she 's small and light . '' 
 he forced a laugh . 
 `` she hardly weighs anything at all . 
 i 'll take adara . 
 the rest of you take horses , or a wagon , or go on foot . 
 but go , damn , you , _ go _ . '' 
 `` we will see , '' their father said non-committally . 
 `` you take adara , and keep her safe for us . '' 
 `` yes , '' hal agreed . 
 he turned and smiled at her . 
 `` come , child . 
 uncle hal is going to take you for a ride on brimstone . '' 
 adara looked at him very seriously . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 she turned and slipped through the door and began to run . 
 they came after her , of course , hal and her father and even geoff . 
 but her father wasted time standing in the door , shouting at her to come back , and when he began to run he was ponderous and clumsy , while adara was indeed small and light and fleet of foot . 
 hal and geoff stayed with her longer , but hal was weak , and geoff soon winded himself , though he sprinted hard at her heels for a few moments . 
 by the time adara reached the nearest wheat field , the three of them were well behind her . 
 she quickly lost herself amid the grain , and they searched for hours in vain while she made her way carefully towards the woods . 
 when dusk fell , they brought out lanterns and torches and continued their search . 
 from time to time she heard her father swearing , or hal calling out her name . 
 she stayed high in the branches of the oak she had climbed , and smiled down at their lights as they combed back and forth through the fields . 
 finally she drifted off to sleep , dreaming about the coming of winter and wondering how she would live until her birthday . 
 it was still a long time away . 
 dawn woke her ; dawn and a noise in the sky . 
 adara yawned and blinked , and heard it again . 
 she shinnied to the uppermost limb of the tree , as high as it would bear her , and pushed aside the leaves . 
 there were dragons in the sky . 
 she had never seen beasts quite like these . 
 their scales were dark and sooty , not green like the dragon hal rode . 
 one was a rust color and one was the shade of dried blood and one was black as coal . 
 all of them had eyes like glowing embers , and steam rose from their nostrils , and their tails flicked back and forth as their dark , leathery wings beat the air . 
 the rust-colored one opened its mouth and roared , and the forest shook to its challenge , and even the branch that held adara trembled just a little . 
 the black one made a noise too , and when it opened its maw a spear of flame lanced out , all orange and blue , and touched the trees below . 
 leaves withered and blackened , and smoke began to rise from where the dragon 's breath had fallen . 
 the one the color of blood flew close overhead , its wings creaking and straining , its mouth half-open . 
 between its yellowed teeth adara saw soot and cinders , and the wind stirred by its passage was fire and sandpaper , raw and chafing against her skin . 
 she cringed . 
 on the backs of the dragons rode men with whip and lance , in uniforms of black-and-orange , their faces hidden behind dark helmets . 
 the one on the rust dragon gestured with his lance , pointing at the farm buildings across the fields . 
 adara looked . 
 hal came up to meet them . 
 his green dragon was as large as their own , but somehow it seemed small to adara as she watched it climb upwards from the farm . 
 with its wings fully extended , it was plain to see how badly injured it was ; the right wing tip was charred , and it leaned heavily to one side as it flew . 
 on its back , hal looked like one of the tiny toy soldiers he had brought them as a present years before . 
 the enemy dragonriders split up and came at him from three sides . 
 hal saw what they were doing . 
 he tried to turn , to throw himself at the black dragon head-on , and flee the other two . 
 his whip flailed angrily , desperately . 
 his green dragon opened its mouth , and roared a weak challenge , but its flame was pale and short and did not reach the oncoming enemy . 
 the others held their fire . 
 then , on a signal , their dragons all breathed as one . 
 hal was wreathed in flames . 
 his dragon made a high wailing noise , and adara saw that it was burning , _ he _ was burning , they were all burning , beast and master both . 
 they fell heavily to the ground , and lay smoking amidst her father 's wheat . 
 the air was full of ashes . 
 adara craned her head around in the other direction , and saw a column of smoke rising from beyond the forest and the river . 
 that was the farm where old laura lived with her grandchildren and _ their _ children . 
 when she looked back , the three dark dragons were circling lower and lower above her own farm . 
 one by one they landed . 
 she watched the first of the riders dismount and saunter towards their door . 
 she was frightened and confused and only seven , after all . 
 and the heavy air of summer was a weight upon her , and it filled her with a helplessness and thickened all her fears . 
 so adara did the only thing she knew , without thinking , a thing that came naturally to her . 
 she climbed down from her tree and ran . 
 she ran across the fields and through the woods , away from the farm and her family and the dragons , away from all of it . 
 she ran until her legs throbbed with pain , down in the direction of the river . 
 she ran to the coldest place she knew , to the deep caves underneath the river bluffs , to chill shelter and darkness and safety . 
 and there in the cold she hid . 
 adara was a winter child , and cold did not bother her . 
 but still , as she hid , she trembled . 
 day turned into night . 
 adara did not leave her cave . 
 she tried to sleep , but her dreams were full of burning dragons . 
 she made herself very small as she lay in the darkness , and tried to count how many days remained until her birthday . 
 the caves were nicely cool ; adara could almost imagine that it was not summer after all , that it was winter , or near to winter . 
 soon her ice dragon would come for her , and she would ride on its back to the land of always-winter , where great ice castles and cathedrals of snow stood eternally in endless fields of white , and the stillness and silence were all . 
 it almost felt like winter as she lay there . 
 the cave grew colder and colder , it seemed . 
 it made her feel safe . 
 she napped briefly . 
 when she woke , it was colder still . 
 a white coating of frost covered the cave walls , and she was sitting on a bed of ice . 
 adara jumped to her feet and looked up towards the mouth of the cave , filled with a wan dawn light . 
 a cold wind caressed her . 
 but it was coming from outside , from the world of summer , not from the depths of the cave at all . 
 she gave a small shout of joy , and climbed and scrambled up the icecovered rocks . 
 outside , the ice dragon was waiting for her . 
 it had breathed upon the water , and now the river was frozen , or at least a part of it was , although one could see that the ice was fast melting as the summer sun rose . 
 it had breathed upon the green grass that grew along the banks , grass as high as adara , and now the tall blades were white and brittle , and when the ice dragon moved its wings the grass cracked in half and tumbled , sheared as clean as if it had been cut down with a scythe . 
 the dragon 's icy eyes met adara 's , and she ran to it and up its wing , and threw her arms about it . 
 she knew she had to hurry . 
 the ice dragon looked smaller than she had ever seen it , and she understood what the heat of summer was doing to it . 
 `` hurry , dragon , '' she whispered . 
 `` take me away , take me to the land of always-winter . 
 we 'll never come back here , never . 
 i 'll build you the best castle of all , and take care of you , and ride you every day . 
 just take me away , dragon , take me home with you . '' 
 the ice dragon heard and understood . 
 its wide translucent wings unfolded and beat the air , and bitter arctic winds howled through the fields of summer . 
 they rose . 
 away from the cave . 
 away from the river . 
 above the forest . 
 up and up . 
 the ice dragon swung around to the north . 
 adara caught a glimpse of her father 's farm , but it was very small and growing smaller . 
 they turned their back to it , and soared . 
 then a sound came to adara 's ears . 
 an impossible sound , a sound that was too small and too far away for her to ever have heard it , especially above the beating of the ice dragon 's wings . 
 but she heard it nonetheless . 
 she heard her father scream . 
 hot tears ran down her cheeks , and where they fell upon the ice dragon 's back they burned small pockmarks in the frost . 
 suddenly the cold beneath her hands was biting , and when she pulled one hand away adara saw the mark that it had made upon the dragon 's neck . 
 she was scared , but still she clung . 
 `` turn back , '' she whispered . 
 `` oh , _ please _ , dragon . 
 take me back . '' 
 she could not see the ice dragon 's eyes , but she knew what they would look like . 
 its mouth opened and a blue-white plume issued , a long cold streamer that hung in the air . 
 it made no noise ; ice dragons are silent . 
 but in her mind adara heard the wild keening of its grief . 
 `` please , '' she whispered once again . 
 `` help me . '' 
 her voice was thin and small . 
 the ice dragon turned . 
 the three dark dragons were outside of the barn when adara returned , feasting on the burned and blackened carcasses of her father 's stock . 
 one of the dragonriders was standing near them , leaning on his lance and prodding his dragon from time to time . 
 he looked up when the cold gust of wind came shrieking across the fields , and shouted something , and sprinted for the black dragon . 
 the beast tore a last hunk of meat from her father 's horse , swallowed , and rose reluctantly into the air . 
 the rider flailed his whip . 
 adara saw the door of the farmhouse burst open . 
 the other two riders rushed out , and ran for their dragons . 
 one of them was struggling into his pants as he ran . 
 he was barechested . 
 the black dragon roared , and its fire came blazing up at them . 
 adara felt the searing of heat , and a shudder went through the ice dragon as the flames played along its belly . 
 then it craned its long neck around , and fixed its baleful empty eyes upon the enemy , and opened its frost-rimmed jaws . 
 out from among its icy teeth its breath came streaming , and that breath was pale and cold . 
 it touched the left wing of the coal-black dragon beneath them , and the dark beast gave a shrill cry of pain , and when it beat its wings again , the frost-covered wing broke in two . 
 dragon and dragonrider began to fall . 
 the ice dragon breathed again . 
 they were frozen and dead before they hit the ground . 
 the rust-colored dragon was flying at them , and the dragon the color of blood with its barechested rider . 
 adara 's ears were filled with their angry roaring , and she could feel their hot breath around her , and see the air shimmering with heat , and smell the stink of sulfur . 
 two long swords of fire crossed in midair , but neither touched the ice dragon , though it shriveled in the heat , and water flew from it like rain whenever it beat its wings . 
 the blood-colored dragon flew too close , and the breath of the ice dragon blasted the rider . 
 his bare chest turned blue before adara 's eyes , and moisture condensed on him in an instant , covering him with frost . 
 he screamed , and died , and fell from his mount , though his harness had remained behind , frozen to the neck of his dragon . 
 the ice dragon closed on it , wings screaming the secret song of winter , and a blast of flame met a blast of cold . 
 the ice dragon shuddered once again , and twisted away , dripping . 
 the other dragon died . 
 but the last dragonrider was behind them now , the enemy in full armor on the dragon whose scales were the brown of rust . 
 adara screamed , and even as she did the fire enveloped the ice dragon 's wing . 
 it was gone in less than an instant , but the wing was gone with it , melted , destroyed . 
 the ice dragon 's remaining wing beat wildly to slow its plunge , but it came to earth with an awful crash . 
 its legs shattered beneath it , and its wing snapped in two places , and the impact of the landing threw adara from its back . 
 she tumbled to the soft earth of the field , and rolled , and struggled up , bruised but whole . 
 the ice dragon seemed very small now , and very broken . 
 its long neck sank wearily to the ground , and its head rested amid the wheat . 
 the enemy dragonrider came swooping in , roaring with triumph . 
 the dragon 's eyes burned . 
 the man flourished his lance and shouted . 
 the ice dragon painfully raised its head once more , and made the only sound that adara ever heard it make : a terrible thin cry full of melancholy , like the sound the north wind makes when it moves around the towers and battlements of the white castle that stands empty in the land of always-winter . 
 when the cry had faded , the ice dragon sent cold into the world one final time : a long smoking blue-white stream of cold that was full of snow and stillness and the end of all living things . 
 the dragonrider flew right into it , still brandishing whip and lance . 
 adara watched him crash . 
 then she was running , away from the fields , back to the house and her family within , running as fast as she could , running and panting and crying all the while like a seven year old . 
 her father had been nailed to the bedroom wall . 
 they had wanted him to watch while they took their turns with teri . 
 adara did not know what to do , but she untied teri , whose tears had dried by then , and they freed geoff , and then they got their father down . 
 teri nursed him and cleaned out his wounds . 
 when his eyes opened and he saw adara , he smiled . 
 she hugged him very hard , and cried for him . 
 by night he said he was fit enough to travel . 
 they crept away under cover of darkness , and took the king 's road south . 
 her family asked no questions then , in those hours of darkness and fear . 
 but later , when they were safe in the south , there were questions endlessly . 
 adara gave them the best answers she could . 
 but none of them ever believed her , except for geoff , and he grew out of it when he got older . 
 she was only seven , after all , and she did not understand that ice dragons are never seen in summer , and can not be tamed nor ridden . 
 besides , when they left the house that night , there was no ice dragon to be seen . 
 only the huge dark corpses of three war dragons , and the smaller bodies of three dragonriders in black-and-orange . 
 and a pond that had never been there before , a small quiet pool where the water was very cold . 
 they had walked around it carefully , headed towards the road . 
 their father worked for another farmer for three years in the south . 
 his hands were never as strong as they had been , before the nails had been pounded through them , but he made up for that with the strength of his back and his arms , and his determination . 
 he saved whatever he could , and he seemed happy . 
 `` hal is gone , and my land , '' he would tell adara , `` and i am sad for that . 
 but it is all right . 
 i have my daughter back . '' 
 for the winter was gone from her now , and she smiled and laughed and even wept like other little girls . 
 three years after they had fled , the king 's army routed the enemy in a great battle , and the king 's dragons burned the foreign capitol . 
 in the peace that followed , the northern provinces changed hands once more . 
 teri had recaptured her spirit and married a young trader , and she remained in the south . 
 geoff and adara returned with their father to the farm . 
 when the first frost came , all the ice lizards came out , just as they had always done . 
 adara watched them with a smile on her face , remembering the way it had been . 
 but she did not try to touch them . 
 they were cold and fragile little things , and the warmth of her hands would hurt them . 
