 it was a violent heat wave in the late summer of 1953 . 
 the sun was viciously pummeling the pavement , which seemed to have become flatter than usual in submission , and some bowery boys were opening a fire hydrant to make a fountain in the street and gain a few minutes of relief . 
 it was the sun getting to him , magnus thought later , that had filled him with the desire to be a private eye . 
 that and the raymond chandler novel he had just completed . 
 still , there was a problem with the plan . 
 on the covers of books and in films , most detectives looked like they were dressed up in sunday suits for a small-town jamboree . 
 magnus wished to wash away the stain of his newly adopted profession and dress in a way that was both suitable to the profession , pleasing to the eye , and on the cutting edge of fashion . 
 he ditched the trench coat and added some green velvet cuffs to his gray suit jacket , along with a curly-brimmed bowler hat . 
 the heat was so awful that he had to take off his jacket as soon as he set foot out of doors , but it was the thought that counted , and besides , he was wearing emerald-green suspenders . 
 becoming a detective was n't really a decision based wholly on his wardrobe . 
 he was a warlock , and people-well , not everyone thought of them as people-often came to him for magical solutions to their problems , which he gave them , for a fee . 
 word had spread throughout new york that magnus was the warlock who would get you out of a jam . 
 there was a sanctuary , too , up in brooklyn , if you needed to hide , but the witch who ran it did n't solve your problems . 
 magnus solved problems . 
 so why not get paid for it ? 
 magnus had not thought that simply deciding to become a private eye would cause a case to land in his lap the moment he painted the words magnus bane , private detective onto his window in bold black letters . 
 but as if someone had whispered his private conviction into fate 's ear , a case arrived . 
 magnus arrived back at his apartment building after getting an ice-cream cone , and when he saw her , he was glad that he 'd finished it . 
 she was clearly one of those mundanes who knew enough about the shadow world to come to magnus for magic . 
 he tipped his hat to her and said , `` can i help you , ma'am ? '' 
 she was n't a blonde to make a bishop kick a hole through a stained-glass window . 
 she was a small dark woman and though she was not beautiful , she had a bright , intelligent charm about her , powerful enough so that if she wanted any windows smashed , magnus would see what he could do . 
 she was wearing a slightly worn but still very becoming plaid dress , belted at her small waist . 
 she looked to be in her late thirties , the same age as magnus 's current lady companion , and under black curling hair she had a small heart-shaped face , and eyebrows so thin that they gave her a challenging air that made her both more attractive and more intimidating . 
 she shook his hand , her hand small but her grip firm . 
 `` i am guadalupe santiago , '' she said . 
 `` you are a - '' she waved her hand . 
 `` i do not know the word for it precisely . 
 a sorcerer , a magic maker . '' 
 `` you can say ` warlock , ' if you like , '' said magnus . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 what you mean is , someone with the power to help you . '' 
 `` yes , '' said guadalupe . 
 `` yes , that 's what i meant . 
 i need you to help me . 
 i need you to save my son . '' 
 magnus ushered her in . 
 he thought he understood the situation now that she had mentioned help for a relative . 
 people would often come to him for healing , not as often as they came to catarina loss but often enough . 
 he would much rather heal a young mundane boy than one of the haughty shadowhunters who came to him so often , even if there was less money in it for him . 
 `` tell me about your son , '' he said . 
 `` raphael , '' said guadalupe . 
 `` his name is raphael . '' 
 `` tell me about raphael , '' said magnus . 
 `` how long has he been sick ? '' 
 `` he is not sick , '' said guadalupe . 
 `` i fear he may be dead . '' 
 her voice was firm , as if she were not voicing what must assuredly be the most horrible fear of every parent . 
 magnus frowned . 
 `` i do n't know what people have told you , but i ca n't help with that . '' 
 guadalupe held up a hand . 
 `` this is not about ordinary sickness or anything that anyone in my world can cure , '' she told him . 
 `` this is about your world , and how it has touched mine . 
 this is about the monsters from whom god has turned his face away , those who watch in the darkness and prey on innocents . '' 
 she took a turn about his living room , her plaid skirt belling about her brown legs . 
 `` los vampiros , '' she whispered . 
 `` oh god , not the bloody vampires again , '' said magnus . 
 `` no pun intended . '' 
 the dread words spoken , guadalupe regained her courage and proceeded with her tale . 
 `` we have all heard whispers of such creatures , '' she said . 
 `` then there were more than whispers . 
 there was one of the monsters , creeping around our neighborhood . 
 taking little girls and boys . 
 one of my raphael 's friends , his small brother was taken and found almost on his own doorstep , his little body drained of blood . 
 we prayed , we mothers all prayed , every family prayed , that the scourge would be lifted . 
 but my raphael , he had started hanging around with a crowd of boys who were a little older than him . 
 good boys , you understand , from good families , but a little-rough , wanting a little too much to show that they were men before they truly were men at all , if you know what i mean ? '' 
 magnus had stopped making jokes . 
 a vampire hunting children for sport-a vampire who had the taste for it and no inclination to stop-was no joke . 
 he met guadalupe 's eyes with a level , serious gaze , to show that he understood . 
 `` they formed a gang , '' said guadalupe . 
 `` not one of the street gangs , but-well , it was to protect our streets from the monster , they said . 
 they tracked him to his lair once , and they were all talking about how they knew where he was , how they could go get him . 
 i should have - i was not paying attention to the boys ' talk . 
 i was afraid for my younger boys , and it all seemed like a game . 
 but then raphael , and all his friends ... they disappeared , a few nights ago . 
 they 'd stayed out all night before , but this-this is too long . 
 raphael would never make me worry like this . 
 i want you to find out where the vampire is , and i want you to go after my son . 
 if raphael is alive , i want you to save him . '' 
 if a vampire had already killed human children , a gang of teenagers coming after him would seem like bonbons delivered to his door . 
 this woman 's son was dead . 
 magnus bowed his head . 
 `` i will try to find out what happened to him . '' 
 `` no , '' said the woman . 
 magnus found himself looking up , arrested by her voice . 
 `` you do n't know my raphael , '' she said . 
 `` but i do . 
 he is with older boys , but he is not the tagalong . 
 they all listen to him . 
 he is only fifteen , but he is as strong and as quick and as clever as a grown man . 
 if only one of them has survived , he will be that one . 
 do not go looking for his body . 
 go and save raphael . '' 
 `` you have my word , '' magnus promised her , and meant it . 
 he was in a hurry to leave . 
 before he visited the hotel dumont , the place which had been abandoned by mortals and haunted by vampires since the 1920s , the place where raphael and his friends had gone , he had other inquiries to make . 
 other downworlders would know about a vampire who was breaking the law that flagrantly , even if they had been hoping the vampires would work it out among themselves , even if the other downworlders had not yet decided to go to the shadowhunters . 
 guadalupe grasped magnus 's hand before he went , though , and her fingers clung to him . 
 her challenging look had turned beseeching . 
 magnus had the feeling she would never have begged for herself , but she was willing to beg for her boy . 
 `` i gave him a cross to wear around his throat , '' she said . 
 `` the padre at saint cecilia 's gave it to me with his own hands , and i gave it to raphael . 
 it is small and made of gold ; you will know him by it . '' 
 she took a shaking breath . 
 `` i gave him a cross . '' 
 `` then you gave him a chance , '' said magnus . 
 go to faeries for gossip about vampires , to werewolves for gossip about faeries , and do not gossip about werewolves , because they try to bite your face off : that was magnus 's motto . 
 he happened to know a faerie who worked in lou walters 's latin quarter nightclub , on the seedier and nak * der side of times square . 
 magnus had gone to see mae west here a time or two and had spotted a chorus girl with a glamour that covered up her faerie wings and pale amethyst skin . 
 he and aeval had been friendly ever since-as friendly as you could be when both you and the dame were in it only for information . 
 she was sitting on the steps , already in costume . 
 there was a great deal of delicate lilac flesh on display . 
 `` i 'm here to see a faerie about a vampire , '' he said in a low voice , and she laughed . 
 magnus could n't laugh back . 
 he had the feeling that he would not be able to shake off the memory of guadalupe 's face or her hold on his arm anytime soon . 
 `` i 'm looking for a boy . 
 human . 
 taken by one of the spanish harlem clan , most likely . '' 
 aeval shrugged , one graceful fluid motion . 
 `` you know vampires . 
 could be any one of them . '' 
 magnus hesitated , and then added , `` the word is , this vampire likes them very young . '' 
 `` in that case ... '' aeval fluttered her wings . 
 even the most hardened downworlders did n't like the thought of preying on children . 
 `` i might have heard something about a louis karnstein . '' 
 magnus motioned for her to go on , leaning in and tipping back his hat so she could speak into his ear . 
 `` he was living in hungary until very recently . 
 he 's old and powerful , which is why the lady camille has welcomed him . 
 and he has a particular fondness for children . 
 he thinks their blood is the purest and sweetest , as young flesh is the tenderest . 
 he was chased out of hungary by mundanes who found his lair ... who found all the children in it . '' 
 save raphael , magnus thought . 
 it seemed a more and more impossible mission . 
 aeval looked at him , her huge oval eyes betraying a faint flicker of worry . 
 when the fey were worried , it was time to panic . 
 `` get it done , warlock , '' she said . 
 `` you know what the shadowhunters will do if they find out about someone like that . 
 if karnstein is up to his old tricks in our city , it will be the worse for us all . 
 the nephilim will kill every vampire they see . 
 it will be seraph blades first and questions later for everybody . '' 
 magnus did not like to go near the hotel dumont if he could help it . 
 it was decrepit and unsettling , it held bad memories , and it also occasionally held his evil former lady love . 
 but today it seemed like the hotel was his inescapable destination . 
 the sun was scalding in the sky , but it would not be for long . 
 if magnus had vampires to fight , he wanted to do it when they were at their weakest . 
 the hotel dumont was still beautiful , but barely so , magnus thought as he walked inside . 
 it was being buried by time , thick clusters of spiderwebs forming curtains on every arch . 
 ever since the twenties the vampires had considered it their private property and had hung around there . 
 magnus had never asked how camille and the vampires had been involved in the tragedy of the 1920s , or what right they felt they now had to the building . 
 possibly the vampires simply enjoyed the allure of a place that was both decadent and abandoned . 
 nobody else came near it . 
 the mundanes whispered that it was haunted . 
 magnus had not let go of the hope that mundanes would come back , claim and restore it , and chase the vampires away . 
 it would annoy camille so much . 
 a young vampire hurried toward magnus across the foyer , the colors of her red-and-green cheongsam and her henna-dyed hair vivid in the gray gloom . 
 `` you are not welcome here , warlock ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` am i not ? 
 oh dear , what a social faux pas . 
 i do apologize . 
 before i go , may i ask one thing ? 
 what can you tell me about louis karnstein ? '' 
 magnus asked conversationally . 
 `` and the children he has been bringing into the hotel and murdering ? '' 
 the girl shrank back as if magnus had brandished a cross in her face . 
 `` he 's a guest here , '' she said , low . 
 `` and the lady camille said we were to show him every honor . 
 we did n't know . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 magnus asked , and disbelief colored his voice like a drop of blood in water . 
 the vampires of new york were careful , of course . 
 there was a minimum of human bloodshed , and any `` accidents '' were covered up fast , under the nose of shadowhunters as they were . 
 magnus could easily believe , however , that if camille had reason to please a guest , she would let him get away with murder . 
 she would do it as easily as she would have the guest plied with luxurious surroundings : silver , velvet , and human lives . 
 and magnus did not believe for a second that once louis karnstein had brought the succulent morsels home , carrying all the blame but willing to share some of the blood , that they had not feasted . 
 he looked at the delicate girl and wondered how many people she had killed . 
 `` would you rather , '' he said very gently , `` that i go away and come back with the nephilim ? '' 
 the nephilim-the bogeyman for monsters , and all those who could be monsters . 
 magnus was sure this girl could be a monster if she wanted . 
 he knew that he could be a monster himself . 
 he knew something else . 
 he did not intend to leave a young boy in the monsters ' lair . 
 the girl 's eyes widened . 
 `` you 're magnus bane , '' she said . 
 `` yes , '' magnus said . 
 it was sometimes good to be recognized . 
 `` the bodies are upstairs . 
 in the blue room . 
 he likes to play with them ... after . '' 
 she shuddered and stepped out of his way , disappearing back into the shadows . 
 magnus squared his shoulders . 
 he assumed the conversation had been overheard , since no challenge was offered to him and no other vampires arrived as he made his way up the curving staircase , the gold and scarlet of it lost under a carpet of gray but the shape intact . 
 he went higher and higher to the apartments , where he knew that the vampire clan of new york would entertain their valued guests . 
 he found the blue room easily enough : it was one of the largest and had probably been the most grand of the hotel 's apartments . 
 if this had still been a hotel in any normal sense of the word , the guest in these quarters would have had to pay substantial damages . 
 a hole had been staved in the high ceiling . 
 the arched ceiling had been painted baby blue , robin 's egg blue , the delicate blue that artists imagined the summer sky to be . 
 the true summer sky showed through the hole in the roof , a blazing unforgiving white , as relentless as the hunger that drove karnstein , burning as brightly as a torch wielded by someone going to face a monster . 
 magnus saw dust all over the floor , dust that he did not think was simply an indication of the accumulation of time . 
 he saw dust , and he saw bodies : humped-up , tossed aside like rag dolls , sprawled like crushed spiders upon the ground and against the walls . 
 there was no grace in death . 
 there were the bodies of teenage boys , the ones who had come in an eager fearless bevy to hunt the predator who was stalking their streets , who had innocently thought good would triumph . 
 and there were other bodies , the older bodies of younger children . 
 the children that louis karnstein had seized off raphael santiago 's streets , and killed , and kept . 
 there was no saving these children , magnus thought . 
 there was nothing in this room but blood and death , and the echo of fear , the loss of all possibility of redemption . 
 louis karnstein was mad , then . 
 it happened sometimes , with age and distance from humanity . 
 magnus had seen it happen with a fellow warlock thirty years before . 
 magnus hoped if he ever went mad like that himself , so mad that he poisoned the very air around him and hurt everyone he came into contact with , that there would be someone who loved him enough to stop him . 
 to kill him , if it came to that . 
 arterial spray and bloody handprints decorated the dingy blue walls , and on the floor there were dark pools . 
 there was human and vampire blood : vampire blood a deeper red , a red that stayed red even when it dried , red forever and always . 
 magnus edged around the spots , but in one pool of human blood he saw something glittering , submerged almost past hope but with a stubborn shine that caught his eye . 
 magnus stooped and plucked the shining thing out of that dark pool . 
 it was a cross , small and golden , and he thought that he could return this to guadalupe at least . 
 he put it in his pocket . 
 magnus took a step forward , and then another step . 
 he was not sure the floor would hold him , he told himself , but he knew that was only an excuse . 
 he did not want to step out amid all that death . 
 but suddenly he knew that he had to . 
 he had to because at the farthest corner of the room , in the deepest shadows , he heard ugly , greedy sucking sounds . 
 he saw a boy in the arms of a vampire . 
 magnus lifted his hand , and the force of his magic flung the vampire through the air into one of the blood-streaked walls . 
 magnus heard a crack and saw the vampire slump to the ground . 
 he would not stay down long . 
 magnus ran across the room , stumbling over the bodies and sliding on the blood , to fall to his knees beside the boy , to gather him into his arms . 
 he was young , fifteen or sixteen , and he was dying . 
 magnus could not magic blood into a body , especially not one already shutting down from the lack of it . 
 he cradled the boy 's lolling dark head in one hand , watched his fluttering eyelids , and waited to see if there might be a moment in which the boy could focus . 
 in which magnus could tell him good-bye . 
 the boy never looked at him and never spoke . 
 he clutched at magnus 's hand . 
 magnus thought he was reaching out by reflex , as a baby might , but magnus held on and tried to give the boy what comfort he could . 
 the boy breathed once , twice , three times , and then his grip went slack . 
 `` did you know his name ? '' 
 magnus demanded roughly of the vampire who had killed him . 
 `` was it raphael ? '' 
 he did not know why he asked . 
 he did not want to know that the boy guadalupe had sent him to find had just died in his arms , that the last member of that gallant , doomed mission to save innocents had almost survived long enough-but not quite . 
 he could not forget the imploring look on guadalupe santiago 's face . 
 he looked over at the vampire , who had not moved to attack . 
 he was sitting down , slumped against the wall where magnus had thrown him . 
 `` raphael , '' the vampire answered slowly . 
 `` you came here looking for raphael ? '' 
 he gave a short , sharp , almost incredulous laugh . 
 `` why is that funny ? '' 
 magnus demanded . 
 a dark fury was rising in his chest . 
 it had been a long time since he had killed a vampire , but he was willing to do it again . 
 `` because i am raphael santiago , '' said the boy . 
 magnus stared at the vampire boy-at raphael . 
 he had his knees pulled up to his chest , his arms wrapped around them . 
 under his head of loose curls was a delicate heart-shaped face like his mother 's , big dark eyes that would have enchanted women-or men-when he was grown , and a soft , childish mouth stained with blood . 
 blood masked the lower half of his face , and magnus could see the white gleam of teeth against raphael 's lower lip , like diamonds in the darkness . 
 he was the only thing moving in that whole room full of terrible stillness . 
 he was shaking , fine tremors running all along his thin frame , shaking so hard that magnus could see it , so hard that it looked violent , the teeth-rattling chill of someone so cold , they were about to slip into stillness and death . 
 it was as hot as the mundanes imagined hell to be in this room full of death , but the boy shook as though he were so cold , he could never be warm again . 
 magnus stood up , moved carefully around dust and the dead until he was close to the vampire boy , and then said gently , `` raphael ? '' 
 raphael lifted his face to the sound of magnus 's voice . 
 he had seen many other vampires with skin as white as salt . 
 raphael 's skin was still brown , but it did not have the warm tone of his mother 's skin . 
 it was not the flesh of a living boy any longer . 
 there was no saving raphael . 
 his hands were covered in dirt and blood , as though he had crawled out of his grave very recently . 
 his face was streaked with grave dirt too . 
 he had black hair , a soft-looking curly mass of it that his mother must have loved to run her fingers through , that she must have stroked when he had nightmares and called for her , touched with light fingers when he was sleeping in his bed and she did not want to wake him , hair that she might have kept a baby curl of . 
 that hair was full of grave dust . 
 there were red tear tracks on his face , shining darkly . 
 there was blood on his neck , but magnus knew the wound had closed over . 
 `` where 's louis karnstein ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 when raphael spoke , this time in low , soft spanish , he said , `` the vampire thought i would help him with the others if he turned me into one of his own kind . '' 
 he laughed suddenly , a bright , mad sound . 
 `` but i did not , '' he added . 
 `` no . 
 he was n't expecting that . 
 he 's dead . 
 he turned to ashes and they blew away on the wind . '' 
 he gestured toward the hole in the roof . 
 magnus was startled into silence . 
 it was extremely unusual for a new vampire to rise and overcome the hunger enough to think , or do anything else besides feed . 
 magnus wondered if raphael had killed more than one of his friends . 
 he would not ask , and not only because it would have been cruel to ask . 
 even if raphael had killed and then turned on his master and overcome karnstein , he had to have a will of iron . 
 `` they 're all dead , '' said raphael , seeming to master himself . 
 his voice was clear suddenly . 
 his dark eyes were clear too as he stared at magnus , and then he deliberately turned away from magnus , dismissing him as unimportant . 
 raphael , magnus saw with an ever-growing sense of unease , was looking at that blazingly bright hole in the ceiling , the one he had gestured to when he said that karnstein had turned to ashes . 
 `` they 're all dead , '' raphael repeated slowly . 
 `` and i am dead too . '' 
 he uncoiled , as swift as a snake , and sprang . 
 it was only because magnus had seen where the vampire was looking and because he knew how raphael felt , the exact exquisitely cold feeling of being an outcast , so alone that he barely seemed to exist , that he moved fast enough . 
 raphael sprang for the spot of lethal light on the floor , and magnus sprang at raphael . 
 he knocked the boy to the floor just before he reached the sunlight . 
 raphael gave an incoherent scream like a bird of prey , a vicious cry that was nothing but rage and hunger , that echoed in magnus 's head and made his flesh creep . 
 raphael thrashed and crawled for the sun , and when magnus would not let him go , raphael used every bit of his fledgling vampire strength to struggle free , clawing and twisting . 
 he had no hesitation , no remorse , and none of the usual vampire fledgling 's discomfort with his new power . 
 he tried to bite magnus 's throat out . 
 he tried to tear him limb from limb . 
 magnus had to use magic to fasten his limbs to the floor , and even with raphael 's whole body pinned , magnus had to evade his snapping fangs and only just managed it . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 shouted the boy at last , his voice breaking . 
 `` hush , hush , '' magnus whispered . 
 `` your mother sent me , raphael . 
 be still . 
 your mother sent me to find you . '' 
 he drew the gold cross he had found from his pocket and held it gleaming in front of raphael 's face . 
 `` she gave me this , and she told me to save you . '' 
 raphael flinched away from the cross , and magnus put it away hastily , but not before the boy stopped fighting and began to sob , sobs that racked his whole body , as if he could wrench himself , his hated new self , apart from the inside out if he shook and raged enough . 
 `` are you stupid ? '' 
 he gasped out . 
 `` you ca n't save me . 
 nobody can do that . '' 
 magnus could taste his despair as if it were blood . 
 magnus believed him . 
 he held on to the boy , newborn in grave dirt and blood , and he wished that he had found him dead . 
 the sobbing had rendered raphael worn enough that he was docile . 
 magnus brought him to his own home because he had not the faintest idea what else to do with him . 
 raphael sat , a small tragic bundle on magnus 's sofa . 
 magnus would have felt painfully sorry for him , but he had stopped in a phone booth on his way home to ring up etta at the small jazz club where she was singing tonight , to tell her not to come around to his place for a while because he had a baby vampire to deal with . 
 `` a baby vampire , huh ? '' 
 etta had asked , laughing , the same way a wife might laugh at her husband who always brings home the strangest items from a local antiques market . 
 `` i do n't know any exterminator in the city you could call to deal with that . '' 
 magnus had smiled . 
 `` i can deal with it myself . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` oh , i usually do , '' etta had said . 
 `` though my mama tried to teach me better judgment . '' 
 magnus had been on the phone gabbing with etta for only a couple of minutes , but when he 'd gotten out , it had been to find raphael crouched on the pavement . 
 he 'd hissed , fangs white and needle-sharp in the night , like a cat protective of his prey when magnus had approached . 
 the man in his arms , the crisp white collar of his shirt dyed crimson , had been already unconscious ; magnus wrenched him away from the hissing vampire and propped him in an alley , hoping he 'd think he 'd been mugged . 
 when he came back to the sidewalk , raphael was still sitting there , hands curled into claws and pressed to his chest . 
 there was still a trace of blood on his mouth . 
 magnus felt despair hollow his heart . 
 here was not simply a suffering child . 
 here was a monster with the face of a caravaggio angel . 
 `` you should have let me die , '' raphael said in a small , hollow voice . 
 `` i could n't . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i promised your mother i would bring you home , '' said magnus . 
 raphael went still at the mention of his mother , as he had back at the hotel . 
 magnus could see his face in the glow of the streetlights . 
 he had the blankly hurt look of a child who had been slapped : pain and bewilderment and no way to handle either of those feelings . 
 `` and do you think she would want me home ? '' 
 raphael asked . 
 `` l-like this ? '' 
 his voice trembled , and his lower lip , still stained with a man 's blood , wobbled . 
 he swiped a vicious hand across his face , and magnus saw it again : the way he pulled himself together in an instant , the stern control he exerted over himself . 
 `` look at me , '' he said . 
 `` tell me she would invite me in . '' 
 magnus could not tell him that . 
 he remembered how guadalupe had talked about monsters , those who walked in the darkness and preyed on innocents . 
 he thought of how she might react-the woman who had given her son a cross-to a son with blood on his hands . 
 he remembered his stepfather forcing him to repeat prayers until once-holy words tasted bitter in his mouth , remembered his mother and how she had not been able to touch him once she 'd known , and how his stepfather had held him down under the surface of the water . 
 yet they had loved him once , and he had loved them . 
 love did not overcome everything . 
 love did not always endure . 
 all you had could be taken away , love could be the last thing you had , and then love could be taken too . 
 magnus knew , though , how love could be a last hope and a star to steer by . 
 light that went out had still shone once . 
 magnus could not promise raphael his mother 's love , but since raphael still loved his mother , magnus wanted to help him and thought he might know how . 
 he prowled forward , over his own rug , and saw raphael 's dark eyes flash , startled , at his sudden purposeful movement . 
 `` what if she never had to know ? '' 
 raphael blinked slowly , almost reptilian in his hesitation . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked warily . 
 magnus reached into his pocket and produced the glittering thing inside it , held cupped in the palm of his hand . 
 `` what if you came to her door , '' magnus asked , `` wearing the cross that she gave you ? '' 
 he dropped the cross , and reflexively raphael caught it in his open hand . 
 the cross hit raphael 's palm , and he saw raphael wince , saw the wince become a shudder that ran all through his thin body and made his face go tight with pain . 
 `` all right , raphael , '' magnus said gently . 
 raphael opened his eyes and glared at magnus , which was not what magnus had been expecting . 
 the smell of burning flesh filled magnus 's room . 
 he was going to have to invest in some potpourri . 
 `` well done , raphael , '' magnus said . 
 `` bravely done . 
 you can put it down now . '' 
 raphael held magnus 's gaze , and very slowly he closed his fingers over the cross . 
 tiny wisps of smoke filtered out through the spaces between his fingers . 
 `` well done ? '' 
 echoed the vampire boy . 
 `` bravely done ? 
 i 'm just getting started . '' 
 he sat there on magnus 's sofa , his whole body an arch of pain , and he held on to his mother 's cross . 
 he did not let go . 
 magnus reassessed the situation . 
 `` a good start , '' magnus told him in a condescending tone . 
 `` but it 's going to take a lot more than that . '' 
 raphael 's eyes narrowed , but he did not respond . 
 `` of course , '' magnus added casually , `` maybe you ca n't do it . 
 it 's going to be a lot of work , and you 're just a kid . '' 
 `` i know it 's going to be a lot of work , '' raphael told him , biting off the end of every word . 
 `` i have only you to help me , and you 're not terribly impressive . '' 
 it dawned on magnus that raphael 's question in the vampires ' hotel-are you stupid ? 
 - had been not only an expression of despair but also an expression of raphael 's personality . 
 he was soon to learn that it was also raphael 's favorite question . 
 in the nights that followed , raphael acquired a good deal of horribly monochrome clothing , chased off several of magnus 's clients with caustic and unkind remarks , devoted his unlife to rattling magnus 's cage , and remained sternly unimpressed by any magic magnus displayed . 
 magnus warned him about shadowhunters , the angel 's children who would try to chase him down if he broke any of their laws , and told him about all that there was to offer and all the people he could meet . 
 the whole of downworld was laid out before him , faeries and werewolves and enchantment , and the only thing raphael seemed interested in was how long he could hold the cross for , how much longer he could hold it for each night . 
 etta 's verdict was that nothing razzed that kid 's berries . 
 etta and raphael were distant with each other . 
 raphael was openly and insultingly surprised that magnus had a lady friend , and etta , though she knew of downworld , was wary around all downworlders but magnus . 
 chiefly raphael stayed out of the way when etta came by . 
 they had met at a club fifteen years before , etta and magnus . 
 he had convinced her to dance with him , and she said she had been in love by the end of the song . 
 he told her he had been in love before the beginning . 
 it was their tradition that when etta came in after a late night during which magnus had not been able to join her-and magnus was missing many nights , because of raphael-etta would kick off her high heels , feet aching from a long night , but keep her fancy beaded dress on , and they would dance together , murmuring bebop into each other 's ears and competing as to which tune they would dance to the longest . 
 the first time etta encountered raphael , she was a little quiet afterward . 
 `` he was made a vampire only a few days ago , '' she said eventually , when they were dancing . 
 `` that 's what you said . 
 before that he was just a boy . '' 
 `` if it helps , i have a suspicion that he was a menace . '' 
 etta did not laugh . 
 `` i always thought of vampires as so old , '' she said . 
 `` i never thought about how people can become them . 
 i guess it makes sense . 
 i mean-raphael , the poor kid , he 's too young . 
 but i can see how people might want to stay young forever . 
 the same way you do . '' 
 etta had been talking about age more and more in the last few months . 
 she had not mentioned the men who came to hear her sing at clubs , who wanted to take her away and have children with her . 
 she had not had to . 
 magnus understood , could read the signs like a sailor knew which clouds in the sky would bring a storm . 
 he had been left before , for many reasons , and this one was not unusual . 
 immortality was something you paid for , and those you loved paid for , over and over again . 
 there had been a precious few who had stayed with magnus until death had parted them , but come death or a new stage of their lives where they felt he could not follow , they were all parted from him by something . 
 he could not blame etta . 
 `` would you want it ? '' 
 magnus asked at last , after a long time swaying together . 
 he did not make the offer , but he thought it , that he could have it arranged . 
 there were ways . 
 ways one might pay a terrible price for . 
 ways his father knew of , and magnus hated his father . 
 but if she could stay with him always - there was another silence . 
 all magnus heard was the click of his shoes , and the soft shuffle of her bare feet , on his wooden floors . 
 `` no , '' said etta , her cheek pressed against his shoulder . 
 `` no . 
 if i could have it all my own way , i 'd want a little more time with you . 
 but i would n't stop the clock for it . '' 
 strange and painful reminders came to magnus every now and then , when he had become accustomed to raphael as the always irritated and irritating housemate who had been wished upon him . 
 he would be surprised with a reminder of what he already knew : that raphael 's clock had been stopped , that his human life had been viciously wrenched away from him . 
 magnus was constructing a new hairstyle with the aid of brylcreem and a dash of magic when raphael came up behind him and surprised him . 
 raphael often did that , since he had the silent tread of his vampire kind . 
 magnus suspected that he did it on purpose , but since raphael never cracked a smile , it was hard to tell . 
 `` you 're very frivolous , '' raphael remarked disapprovingly , staring at magnus 's hair . 
 `` and you 're very fifteen , '' magnus shot back . 
 raphael usually had a retort for whatever magnus threw at him , but instead of a reply magnus received a long silence . 
 when magnus looked up from his mirror , he saw that raphael had moved over to the window and was looking out onto the night . 
 `` i would be sixteen by now , '' said raphael , voice as distant and cold as the light of the moon . 
 `` if i had lived . '' 
 magnus remembered the day when he had realized that he was no longer aging , looking in a mirror that seemed colder than all other mirrors had before , as if he had been viewing his reflection in a shard of ice . 
 as if the mirror had been responsible for holding his image so utterly frozen and so utterly distant . 
 he wondered how different it was to be a vampire , to know down to the precise day , the hour , the minute when you stopped belonging to the common warm and changing course of humanity . 
 when you stood still , and the world whirled on and never missed you . 
 he did not ask . 
 `` you people , '' said raphael , which was how he referred to warlocks , because he was quite the charmer . 
 `` you stop aging randomly , do n't you ? 
 you 're born like a human is born , and you 're always what you are , but you age like a human does , until you do n't anymore . '' 
 magnus wondered if raphael had read those same thoughts on magnus 's face . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` do you think your people have souls ? '' 
 raphael asked . 
 he was still staring out the window . 
 magnus had known people who thought he did not . 
 he believed he did , but that did not mean he had never doubted . 
 `` does n't matter , '' raphael continued before magnus could answer . 
 his voice was flat . 
 `` either way i envy you . '' 
 `` why so ? '' 
 the moonlight poured in on raphael , bleaching his face so he looked like a marble statue of a saint who had died young . 
 `` either you still have your souls , '' said raphael , `` or you never had them , and you do not know what it is to wander the world damned , exiled , and missing them forever . '' 
 magnus put his hairbrush down . 
 `` all downworlders have souls , '' he said . 
 `` it 's what makes us different from demons . '' 
 raphael sneered . 
 `` that is a nephilim belief . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 magnus said . 
 `` sometimes they 're right . '' 
 raphael said something unkind in spanish . 
 `` they think they are such saviors , the cazadores de sombras , '' he said . 
 `` the shadowhunters . 
 yet they have never come to save me . '' 
 magnus looked at the boy silently . 
 he had never been able to argue against his stepfather 's convictions regarding what god wanted or god judged . 
 he did not know how to convince raphael that he might still have a soul . 
 `` i see you 're trying to distract me from the real point here , '' magnus said instead . 
 `` you had a birthday-a perfect excuse for me to throw one of my famous parties-and you did n't even tell me about it ? '' 
 raphael stared at him silently , then turned and walked away . 
 magnus had often thought of getting a pet , but he had never considered acquiring a sullen teenage vampire . 
 once raphael was gone , he thought , he was getting a cat . 
 and he would always throw his cat a birthday party . 
 it was soon afterward that raphael wore a cross around his neck , all night , without crying out or exhibiting any visible signs of discomfort . 
 at the end of the night , when he removed it , there was a faint mark against his chest , as of a long-healed burn , but that was all . 
 `` so that 's it , '' magnus said . 
 `` that 's great . 
 you 're done ! 
 let 's go visit your mother . '' 
 he had sent her a message telling her not to worry and not to visit , that he was using all the magic he could to save raphael and could not be disturbed , but he knew it would not keep her away forever . 
 raphael 's expression was blank as he fiddled with the chain in one hand , his only sign of uncertainty . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` how many times are you going to underestimate me ? 
 i 'm not done . 
 i 'm not even close . '' 
 he explained to magnus what he wanted to do next . 
 `` you are doing a good deal to help me , '' raphael said the next night as they approached the graveyard . 
 his voice was almost clinical . 
 magnus thought but did not say , yes , because there were times when i was as desperate as you , and as miserable , and as convinced that i had no soul . 
 people had helped him when he 'd needed it , because he had needed it and for no other reason . 
 he remembered the silent brothers coming for him in madrid , and teaching him that there was still a way to live . 
 `` you do n't need to be grateful , '' magnus said instead . 
 `` i 'm not doing it for you . '' 
 raphael shrugged , a fluid easy gesture . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 `` i mean , you could be grateful occasionally , '' magnus said . 
 `` you could tidy up the apartment once in a while . '' 
 raphael considered this . 
 `` no , i do n't think i will . '' 
 `` i think your mother should have beaten you , '' said magnus . 
 `` frequently . '' 
 `` my father hit me once , back in zacatecas , '' raphael said casually . 
 raphael had not mentioned a father before , and guadalupe had not mentioned a husband , though magnus knew there were several brothers . 
 `` he did ? '' 
 magnus tried to make his voice both neutral and encouraging , in case raphael wanted to confide in him . 
 raphael , not the confiding type , looked amused . 
 `` he did n't hit me twice . '' 
 it was a small graveyard , secluded and far away in queens , hemmed in by tall and dark buildings , one warehouse and one abandoned victorian home . 
 magnus had arranged for the area to be sprinkled with holy water , blessed , and made sacred . 
 churches were hallowed ground but graveyards not so . 
 all vampires had to be buried somewhere , and had to rise . 
 it would not provide a barrier like the institute of the shadowhunters , but it would be hard enough for raphael to rest his foot on the ground . 
 it was another test . 
 raphael had promised not to do more than touch his foot to the ground . 
 raphael had promised . 
 when raphael lifted his chin , like a horse taking a bit between its teeth , and charged right onto the holy ground , running and burning and screaming , magnus wondered how he could ever have believed him . 
 `` raphael ! '' 
 he shouted , and ran after him , into the darkness and onto the sacred earth . 
 raphael sprang onto a gravestone , landed balanced on it . 
 his curly hair was blown back from his thin face , his body arched , his fingers clawed against the marble edge . 
 his teeth were bared from vicious tip to gum , and his eyes were black and lifeless . 
 he looked like a revenant , a nightmare rearing up from a grave . 
 less human , with less of a soul , than any savage beast . 
 he leaped . 
 not at magnus but at the perimeter of the graveyard . 
 he came out on the other side . 
 magnus chased after him . 
 raphael was swaying , leaning against the low stone wall as if he could barely stay on his feet . 
 the skin on his arms was visibly bubbling . 
 he looked as if he wanted to claw off the rest of his skin in agony but did not have the strength . 
 `` well , you did it , '' magnus remarked . 
 `` by which i mean you almost gave me a heart attack . 
 do n't stop now . 
 the night is young . 
 what are you going to do to upset me next ? '' 
 raphael glanced up at him and grinned . 
 it was not a nice expression . 
 `` i am going to do the same thing again . '' 
 magnus supposed he had asked for that . 
 when raphael had run through the holy ground again not once but ten times , he leaned against the wall looking worn and spent , and while he was too weak to run , he leaned against the wall and murmured to himself , choking at first and then getting the word out , the name of god . 
 he choked up blood as he said it , coughed , and kept murmuring . 
 `` dios . '' 
 magnus bore the sight of him , too weak to stand and still hurting himself , as long as he could . 
 `` raphael , do n't you think you 've done enough ? '' 
 predictably , raphael glared at him . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you have forever to learn how to do this and how to control yourself . 
 you have - '' `` but they do n't ! '' 
 raphael burst out . 
 `` dios , do you understand nothing ? 
 the only thing i have left is the hope of seeing them , of not breaking my mother 's heart . 
 i need to convince her . 
 i need to do it perfectly , and i need to do it soon , while she still hopes that i am alive . '' 
 he had spoken `` dios '' almost without flinching that time . 
 `` you 're being very good . '' 
 `` it is no longer possible for me to be good , '' raphael said , his voice steely . 
 `` if i were still good and brave , i would do what my mother would want if she knew the truth . 
 i would walk out into the sun and end my own life . 
 but i am a selfish , wicked , heartless beast , and i do not want to burn in the fires of hell yet . 
 i want to go see my m-mother , and i will . 
 i will . 
 i will ! '' 
 magnus nodded . 
 `` what if god could help you ? '' 
 he asked gently . 
 it was as close as he could get to saying , what if everything you believe is wrong and you could still be loved and still be forgiven ? 
 raphael shook his head stubbornly . 
 `` i am one of the night children . 
 i am no longer a child of his , no longer under his watchful eye . 
 god will not help me , '' raphael said , his voice thick , speaking through a mouthful of blood . 
 he spat the blood out again . 
 `` and god will not stop me . '' 
 magnus did not argue with him again . 
 raphael was still so young in so many ways , and his whole world had shattered around him . 
 all he had left to make sense of the world were his beliefs , and he would cling to them even if his very beliefs told him that he was hopelessly lost , damned , and dead already . 
 magnus did not even know if it would be right to try to take those beliefs away . 
 that night when magnus was sleeping , he woke and heard the low , fervent murmur of raphael 's voice . 
 magnus had heard people praying many times and recognized the sound . 
 he heard the names , unfamiliar names , and wondered if they had been raphael 's friends . 
 then he heard the name guadalupe , the name of raphael 's mother , and he knew the other names had to be the names of raphael 's brothers . 
 as mortals called on god , on angels and saints , as they chanted while telling their rosary , raphael was pronouncing the only names that were sacred to him and would not burn his tongue to utter . 
 raphael was calling on his family . 
 there were many drawbacks to having raphael as a roommate that did not concern raphael 's conviction that he was a damned lost soul , or even the fact that raphael used up so much soap in the shower -lrb- even though he never sweated and hardly needed to shower so often -rrb- and never did the washing up . 
 when magnus pointed this out , raphael responded that he never ate food and was therefore not creating any washing up , which was just like raphael . 
 one more drawback became apparent the day that ragnor fell , high warlock of london and perpetual enormous green thorn in magnus 's side , came by to pay an unexpected visit . 
 `` ragnor , this is a welcome surprise , '' said magnus , flinging the door open wide . 
 `` i was paid by some nephilim to make the trip , '' said ragnor . 
 `` they wished for a spell . '' 
 `` and my waiting list was too long . '' 
 magnus nodded sadly . 
 `` i am in great demand . '' 
 `` and you constantly give the shadowhunters lip , so they all dislike you , save a few wayward rebellious souls , '' said ragnor . 
 `` how many times have i told you , magnus ? 
 behave professionally in a professional setting . 
 which means no being rude to nephilim , and also no getting attached to nephilim . '' 
 `` i never get attached to nephilim ! '' 
 magnus protested . 
 ragnor coughed , and in the midst of the cough said something that sounded like `` blerondale . '' 
 `` well , '' said magnus . 
 `` hardly ever . '' 
 `` no getting attached to the nephilim , '' ragnor repeated sternly . 
 `` speak respectfully to your clients and give them the service they wish for as well as the magic . 
 and save incivility for your friends . 
 talking of which , i have not seen you in this age , and you look even more of a horror than you usually do . '' 
 `` that 's a filthy lie , '' said magnus . 
 he knew he looked extremely sharp . 
 he was wearing an amazing brocade tie . 
 `` who is at the door ? '' 
 raphael 's imperious voice drifted from the bathroom , and the rest of raphael came with it , dressed in a towel but looking just as critical as ever . 
 `` i told you that you have to start keeping regular business hours , bane . '' 
 ragnor squinted over at raphael . 
 raphael looked balefully back at ragnor . 
 there was a certain tension in the air . 
 `` oh , magnus , '' said ragnor , and he covered his eyes with one large green hand . 
 `` oh no , no . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 said magnus , puzzled . 
 ragnor abruptly lowered his hand . 
 `` no , you 're right , of course . 
 i 'm being silly . 
 he 's a vampire . 
 he only looks fourteen . 
 how old are you ? 
 i bet you 're older than either of us , ha-ha . '' 
 raphael looked at ragnor as if he were mad . 
 magnus found it quite refreshing to have someone else looked at that way for a change . 
 `` i 'd be sixteen by now , '' he said slowly . 
 `` oh , magnus ! '' 
 ragnor wailed . 
 `` that 's disgusting ! 
 how could you ? 
 have you lost your mind ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 magnus asked again . 
 `` we agreed eighteen was the cutoff age , '' said ragnor . 
 `` you , i , and catarina made a vow . '' 
 `` a v - oh , wait . 
 you think i 'm dating raphael ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` raphael ? 
 that 's ridiculous . 
 that 's - '' `` that 's the most revolting idea i 've ever heard . '' 
 raphael 's voice rang out to the ceiling . 
 probably people in the street could hear him . 
 `` that 's a little strong , '' said magnus . 
 `` and , frankly , hurtful . '' 
 `` and if i did wish to indulge in unnatural pursuits-and let me be clear , i certainly do not , '' raphael continued scornfully , `` as if i would choose him . 
 him ! 
 he dresses like a maniac , acts like a fool , and makes worse jokes than the man people throw rotten eggs at outside the dew drop every saturday . '' 
 ragnor began to laugh . 
 `` better men than you have begged for a chance to win all this , '' magnus muttered . 
 `` they have fought duels in my honor . 
 one man fought a duel for my honor , but that was a little embarrassing since it is long gone . '' 
 `` do you know he spends hours in the bathroom sometimes ? '' 
 raphael announced mercilessly . 
 `` he wastes actual magic on his hair . 
 on his hair ! '' 
 `` i love this kid , '' said ragnor . 
 of course he did . 
 raphael was filled with grave despair about the world in general , was eager to insult magnus in particular , and had a tongue as sharp as his teeth . 
 raphael was obviously ragnor 's soul mate . 
 `` take him , '' magnus suggested . 
 `` take him far , far away . '' 
 instead ragnor took a chair , and raphael got dressed and joined him at the table . 
 `` let me tell you another thing about bane , '' raphael began . 
 `` i 'm going out , '' magnus announced . 
 `` i 'd describe what i 'm going to do when i go out , but i find it hard to believe that either of you would understand the concept of ` enjoying a good time with a group of entertaining companions . ' 
 i do not intend to return until you people are done insulting your charming host . '' 
 `` so you 're moving out and giving me the apartment ? '' 
 raphael asked . 
 `` i accept . '' 
 `` someday that smart mouth is going to get you into a lot of trouble , '' magnus called darkly over his shoulder . 
 `` look who 's talking , '' said ragnor . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 said raphael , as laconic as usual . 
 `` damned soul . '' 
 worst roommate ever . 
 ragnor stayed for thirteen days . 
 they were the longest thirteen days of magnus 's life . 
 every time magnus tried to have a little fun , there they were , the short one and the green one , shaking their heads in tandem and then saying snotty things . 
 on one occasion magnus turned his head very quickly and saw them exchanging a fist bump . 
 `` write to me , '' ragnor said to raphael when he was leaving . 
 `` or call me on your telephone if you want . 
 i know the youths like that . '' 
 `` it was great to meet you , ragnor , '' said raphael . 
 `` i was beginning to think all warlocks were completely useless . '' 
 it was not long after ragnor left that magnus tried to recall the last time raphael had drunk blood . 
 magnus had always avoided thinking about how camille got her meals , even when he 'd loved her , and he did not want to see raphael kill again . 
 but he saw raphael 's skin tone change , saw the strained look about his mouth , and thought about getting this far and having raphael shrivel up out of sheer despair . 
 `` raphael , i do n't know quite how to put this , but are you eating right ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` until recently you were a growing boy . '' 
 `` el hambre agudiza el ingenio , '' said raphael . 
 hunger sharpens the wit . 
 `` good proverb , '' said magnus . 
 `` however , like most proverbs , it sounds wise and yet does not actually clarify anything . '' 
 `` do you think i would permit myself to be around my mother-around my small brothers-if i were not sure beyond a shadow of a doubt that i could control myself ? '' 
 raphael said . 
 `` i want to know that if i were trapped in a room with one of them , if i had not tasted blood in days , i could control myself . '' 
 raphael almost killed another man that night , in front of magnus 's eyes . 
 he proved his point . 
 magnus did not have to worry about raphael starving himself out of pity , or mercy , or any softer feeling for the rest of humanity . 
 raphael did not consider himself a part of humanity anymore and thought he could commit any sin in the world because he was already damned . 
 he had simply been abstaining from drinking blood to prove to himself that he could , to test his own limits , and to exercise the absolute self-control that he was determined to achieve . 
 the next night raphael ran over sacred ground and then calmly drank blood from a tramp sleeping on the street who might never wake up , despite the healing spell magnus whispered over him . 
 they were walking through the night , raphael calculating out loud how much longer it would take him to become as strong as he needed to be . 
 `` i think you 're fairly strong , '' said magnus . 
 `` and you have quite a lot of self-control . 
 look how you sternly repress all the hero worship you are longing to show me that you feel . '' 
 `` it is sometimes an exercise of real self-control not to laugh in your face , '' raphael said gravely . 
 `` that much is true . '' 
 it was then that raphael stiffened , and when magnus made an inquiring sound , raphael hushed him sharply . 
 magnus looked down at raphael 's dark eyes and followed the direction in which they were fixed . 
 he did n't know what raphael was casting an eyeball at , but he figured it was no harm to follow him when raphael moved . 
 there was an alley stretching behind an abandoned automat . 
 in the shadows there was a rustling that could have been rats in garbage , but as they drew closer , magnus could hear what had attracted raphael : the sound of giggling , and the sound of sucking , and the whimpers of pain . 
 he was not sure what raphael was doing , but he had no plans to abandon him now . 
 magnus clicked his fingers , and there was light-radiating from his hand , filling the alleyway with brightness , and falling onto the faces of the four vampires in front of him , and their victim . 
 `` what do you people think you 're doing ? '' 
 raphael demanded . 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 said the only girl of the group . 
 magnus recognized her as the lone brave soul who had accosted him at the hotel dumont . 
 `` we 're drinking blood . 
 what , are you new ? '' 
 `` is that what you were doing ? '' 
 raphael asked in a voice of exaggerated surprise . 
 `` so sorry . 
 that must have escaped my attention , since i was preoccupied with how incredibly stupid you were all being . '' 
 `` stupid ? '' 
 echoed the girl . 
 `` do you mean ` wrong ' ? 
 are you lecturing us on - '' raphael clicked his fingers impatiently at her . 
 `` do i mean ` wrong ' ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` we 're all dead and damned already . 
 what would ` wrong ' even mean to beings like us ? '' 
 the girl tilted her head and looked thoughtful . 
 `` i mean stupid , '' said raphael . 
 `` not that i consider hunting down a slow-witted child honorable , mind you . 
 consider this : you kill her , you bring the shadowhunters down on all of us . 
 i do n't know about you people , but i do not wish for the nephilim to come and cut my life short with a blade because someone was a little too peckish and a lot dumb . '' 
 `` so you 're saying , ` oh , spare her life , ' '' sneered one of the boys , though the girl elbowed him . 
 `` but even if you do n't kill her , '' raphael continued relentlessly , as if nobody had interrupted him at all , `` well , then , you 've already drunk from her , under uncontrolled and frenzied conditions that would make it easy for her to accidentally taste some of your blood . 
 which will leave her with a compulsion to follow you about . 
 do this to enough victims and you 'll either be snowed under with subjugates-and frankly they are not the best conversationalists-or you 'll make them into more vampires . 
 which , mathematically speaking , eventually leaves you with a blood supply problem because there are no humans left . 
 humans can waste resources knowing that at least they will not be around to deal with the consequences , but you chumps do n't even have that excuse . 
 goodness me , you nosebleeds are going to think when a seraph blade cuts your head off or you stare around at a bleak landscape while starving to death , if only i 'd been a smart cookie and listened to raphael when i had the chance . '' 
 `` is he serious ? '' 
 another vampire asked , sounding awed . 
 `` almost invariably , '' magnus said . 
 `` it 's what makes him such tedious company . '' 
 `` is that your name ? 
 raphael ? '' 
 asked the vampire girl . 
 she was smiling , her black eyes dancing . 
 `` yes , '' said raphael irritably , immune to flirtation the same way he was immune to all things that were fun . 
 `` what is the point of being immortal if you do nothing with it but be irresponsible and unacceptably stupid ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 the vampire girl 's smile spread , showing her fangs sparkling behind her lipsticked mouth . 
 `` lily . '' 
 `` here lies lily , '' said raphael . 
 `` killed by vampire hunters because she was murdering people and then not even having the intelligence to cover her tracks . '' 
 `` what , now you 're telling us to be afraid of mundanes ? '' 
 another vampire said , laughing , this one a man with silver at his temples . 
 `` those are old stories told to frighten the youngest of us . 
 i assume you 're pretty young yourself , but - '' raphael smiled , fangs bared , though his expression had nothing to do with humor . 
 `` i am rather young , '' he said . 
 `` and when i was alive , i was a vampire hunter . 
 i killed louis karnstein . '' 
 `` you 're a vampire vampire hunter ? '' 
 asked lily . 
 raphael swore in spanish . 
 `` no , of course i 'm not a vampire vampire hunter , '' he said . 
 `` exactly what kind of treacherous weasel would i be then ? 
 additionally , what a stupid thing to be . 
 i would instantly be killed by all the other vampires , who would come together over a common threat . 
 at least i hope they would . 
 maybe they would all be too stupid . 
 i am someone who talks sense , '' raphael informed them all severely , `` and there is very little job competition . '' 
 the vampire with graying hair was almost pouting . 
 `` lady camille lets us do what we want . '' 
 raphael was not a fool . 
 he was not going to insult the leader of the vampire clan in his own city . 
 `` lady camille clearly has enough to do without running around after you idiots , and she assumes you have more sense than you have . 
 let me give you something to think about it , if you are capable of thinking . '' 
 lily sidled over to magnus , her eyes still on raphael . 
 `` i like him , '' she said . 
 `` he 's kind of boss , even though he 's such an oddball . 
 you know what i mean ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i went deaf with sheer amazement that anyone could like raphael . '' 
 `` and he is n't afraid of anything , '' lily continued , grinning . 
 `` he 's talking to derek like a schoolteacher talking to a naughty child , and i personally have seen derek rip people 's heads off and drink from the stem . '' 
 they both looked at raphael , who was giving a speech . 
 the other vampires were cowering away slightly . 
 `` you are already dead . 
 do you wish to be crushed out of existence completely ? '' 
 raphael asked . 
 `` once we leave this world , all we have to look forward to is torment in the eternal fires of hell . 
 do you want your damned existence to count for nothing ? '' 
 `` i think i need a drink , '' magnus murmured . 
 `` does anyone else want a drink ? '' 
 every vampire who was not raphael silently raised their hand . 
 raphael looked accusing and judgmental , but magnus believed his face was stuck that way . 
 `` very well . 
 i 'm prepared to share , '' said magnus , taking his gold-embossed flask out from its specially designed place on his gold-embossed belt . 
 `` but i 'm warning you , i 'm all out of blood of the innocent . 
 this is scotch . '' 
 after the other vampires were drunk , raphael and magnus sent the mundane girl on her way , a little dizzy from lack of blood but otherwise fine . 
 magnus was not surprised when raphael performed the encanto on her perfectly . 
 he supposed raphael had been practicing that , too . 
 or possibly it just came extremely naturally to raphael to impose his will on others . 
 `` nothing happened . 
 you will go tuck yourself up in your bed and remember nothing . 
 do not go wandering in these areas at night . 
 you will meet unsavory men and bloodsucking fiends , '' raphael told the girl , his eyes on hers , unwavering . 
 `` and go to church . '' 
 `` do you think your calling might be telling everyone in the world what to do ? '' 
 magnus asked as they were walking home . 
 raphael regarded him sourly . 
 he had such a sweet face , magnus thought-the face of an innocent angel , and the soul of the crankiest person in the entire world . 
 `` you should never wear that hat again . '' 
 `` my point exactly , '' said magnus . 
 the santiagos ' house was in harlem , on 129th street and lenox avenue . 
 `` you do n't have to wait around for me , '' raphael told magnus as they walked . 
 `` i was thinking that after this , however it ends up , i will go to lady camille belcourt and live with the vampires . 
 they could use me there , and i could use-something to do . 
 i 'm ... sorry if that offends you . '' 
 magnus thought about camille , and all that he suspected about her , remembered the horror of the twenties and that he still did not know quite how she had been involved in that . 
 but raphael could not stay as magnus 's guest , a temporary guest in downworld with nowhere to belong to , nothing to anchor him in the shadows and keep him away from the sun . 
 `` oh no , raphael , please do n't leave me , '' magnus said in a monotone . 
 `` where would i be without the light of your sweet smile ? 
 if you go , i will throw myself upon the ground and weep . '' 
 `` will you ? '' 
 asked raphael , raising one thin eyebrow . 
 `` because if you do , i will stay and watch the show . '' 
 `` get out , '' magnus told him . 
 `` out ! 
 i want you out . 
 i 'm going to throw a party when you leave , and you know you hate those . 
 along with fashion , and music , and fun as a concept . 
 i will never blame you for going and doing what suits you best . 
 i want you to have a purpose . 
 i want you to have something to live for , even if you do n't think you 're alive . '' 
 there was a brief pause . 
 `` well , excellent , '' said raphael . 
 `` because i was going anyway . 
 i am sick of brooklyn . '' 
 `` you are an insufferable brat , '' magnus informed him , and raphael smiled one of his rare , shockingly sweet smiles . 
 his smile faded quickly as they approached his old neighborhood . 
 magnus could see that raphael was fighting back panic . 
 magnus remembered his stepfather 's and his mother 's faces . 
 he knew how it felt when family turned away from you . 
 he would rather have the sun taken away from him , as it had already been for raphael , than have love taken away . 
 he found himself praying , as he seldom had in years , like the man who had raised him used to , like raphael did , that raphael would not have to bear both being taken . 
 they approached the door of the house , a stoop with weathered green latticework . 
 raphael stared at it with mingled longing and fear , as a sinner might stare at the gates of heaven . 
 it was up to magnus to knock on the door , and wait for the answer . 
 when guadalupe santiago answered the door and saw her son , the time for prayer was over . 
 magnus could see her whole heart in her eyes as she looked at raphael . 
 she had not moved , had not flung herself upon him . 
 she was staring at him , at his angel 's face and dusky curls , at his slight frame and flushed cheeks-he had fed before he came , so that he would look more alive-and more than anything else , at the gold chain gleaming around his neck . 
 was it the cross ? 
 he could see her wondering . 
 was it her gift , meant to keep him safe ? 
 raphael 's eyes were shining . 
 it was the one thing they had not planned for , magnus realized in sudden horror . 
 the one thing they had not practiced-preventing raphael from weeping . 
 if he shed tears in front of his mother , those tears would be blood , and the whole game would be over . 
 magnus started talking as fast as he could . 
 `` i found him for you , as you asked , '' he said . 
 `` but when i reached him , he was very close to death , so i had to give him some of my own power , make him like me . '' 
 magnus caught guadalupe 's eyes , though that was difficult since her entire attention was on her son . 
 `` a magic maker , '' he said , as she 'd said to him once . 
 `` an immortal sorcerer . '' 
 she thought vampires were monsters , but she had come to magnus for help . 
 she could trust a warlock . 
 she could believe a warlock was not damned . 
 guadalupe 's whole body was tense , but she gave a tiny nod . 
 she recognized the words , magnus knew , and she wanted to believe . 
 she wanted so badly to believe what they were saying that she could not quite bring herself to trust them . 
 she looked older than she had a few months ago , worn by the time her son had been gone . 
 she looked older but no less fierce , and she stood with her arm blocking the doorway , children peering in around her but protected by her body . 
 but she did not shut the door . 
 she listened to the story , and she gave her absolute attention to raphael , her eyes tracing the familiar lines of his face whenever he spoke . 
 `` all this time i have been in training so i could come home to you and make you proud . 
 `` mother , '' raphael said , `` i assure you , i beg you will believe me . 
 i still have a soul . '' 
 guadalupe 's eyes were still fixed on the thin , glittering chain around his neck . 
 raphael 's shaking fingers pulled the cross free from his shirt . 
 the cross danced as it dangled from his hand , gold and shining , the brightest thing in all the nighttime city . 
 `` you wore it , '' guadalupe whispered . 
 `` i was so afraid that you would not listen to your mother . '' 
 `` of course i did , '' said raphael , his voice trembling . 
 but he did not cry , not raphael of the iron will . 
 `` i wore it , and it kept me safe . 
 it saved me . 
 you saved me . '' 
 guadalupe 's whole body changed then , from enforced stillness to movement , and magnus realized that more than one person in this conversation had been exercising iron self-control . 
 he knew where raphael got it from . 
 she stepped over the threshold and held out her arms . 
 raphael ran into them , gone from magnus 's side more quickly than a human could move , and clasped one arm tight around her neck . 
 he was shaking in her arms , shaking all over as she stroked his hair . 
 `` raphael , '' she murmured into his black curls . 
 first magnus and raphael had not been able to stop talking , and now it seemed she could not . 
 `` raphael , mijo , raphael , my raphael . '' 
 at first magnus knew in the jumble of words of love and comfort only that she was inviting raphael in , that they were safe , that they had succeeded , that raphael could have his family and his family would never have to know . 
 all the words she said were both endearments and statements , love and laying claim : my son , my boy , my child . 
 the other boys crowded up around raphael , given their mother 's blessing , and raphael touched them with gentle hands , touched the little ones ' hair , tugging with affection that looked careless , though it was so very careful , and shoved the older boys in rough but never too rough greeting . 
 playing his role as raphael 's benefactor and teacher , magnus hugged raphael too . 
 as prickly as he was , raphael did not invite embraces . 
 magnus had not been so close to him since the day he 'd fought to stop raphael from going into the sun . 
 raphael 's back felt thin under magnus 's hands-fragile , though he was not . 
 `` i owe you , warlock , '' raphael said , a cool whisper against magnus 's ear . 
 `` i promise you i wo n't forget . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' said magnus , and then because he could get away with it , when he drew back , he ruffled raphael 's curly hair . 
 the indignant look on raphael 's face was hilarious . 
 `` i will leave you to be alone with your family , '' magnus told him , and he went . 
 before he did , though , he paused and created a few blue sparks from his fingers that formed tiny play houses and stars , that made magic something fun that the children did not fear . 
 he told them all that raphael was not quite as accomplished or fabulously talented as he himself was , and would not be able to perform such tiny miracles for years . 
 he made a flourishing bow that had the little ones laughing and raphael rolling his eyes . 
 magnus did leave , walking slowly . 
 the winter was coming but was not quite there yet , and he was happy to simply walk and enjoy the little things in life , the crisp winter air , the few stray golden leaves still curling under his feet , the bare trees above him waiting to be reborn in glory . 
 he was going home to an apartment that he suspected would feel slightly too empty , but soon he would invite etta over , and she would dance with him and fill the rooms with love and laughter , as she would fill his life with love and laughter , for a little while yet before she left him . 
 he heard steps thundering after him and thought it was raphael for a moment , the masquerade in ruins around them suddenly , when they 'd thought they were victorious . 
 but it was not raphael . 
 magnus did not see raphael again for several months , and by then raphael was camille 's second-in-command , calmly ordering around vampires hundreds of years older than himself as only raphael could . 
 raphael spoke to magnus then as one important downworlder to another , with perfect professionalism , but magnus knew raphael had not forgotten anything . 
 relations had always been strained between magnus and the vampires of new york , camille 's clan , but suddenly they were less strained . 
 new york vampires came to his parties , though raphael did not , and came to him for magical aid , though raphael never would again . 
 the footsteps chasing magnus 's in the cool winter night were not raphael 's but guadalupe 's . 
 she was panting from how hard she had been running , her dark hair slipping free of its pins , forming a cloud about her face . 
 she almost ran into him before she could stop herself . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 `` i have n't paid you . '' 
 her hands were shaking , spilling over with bills . 
 magnus closed her fingers around the money and closed his hands around hers . 
 `` take it , '' she urged him . 
 `` take it . 
 you earned it ; you earned more . 
 you brought him back to me , my oldest boy , the sweetest of them all , my dear heart , my brave boy . 
 you saved him . '' 
 she was still shaking as magnus held her hands , so magnus rested his forehead against hers . 
 he held her close enough to kiss , close enough to whisper the most important secrets in the world , and he spoke to her as he would have wanted some good angel to speak to his family , to his own shivering young soul , long ago and in a land far away . 
 `` no , '' he murmured . 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 you know him better than anyone else ever has or ever will . 
 you made him , you taught him to be all he is , and you know him down to his bones . 
 you know how strong he is . 
 you know how much he loves you . 
 if i gave you anything , give me your faith now . 
 teach one thing to all your children . 
 i have never told you anything more true than this . 
 believe this , if you believe nothing else . 
 raphael saved himself . '' 
