 1 . 
 safe `` forgive me , '' i whispered , knowing my words would never reach her ears . 
 she was already gone . 
 safe-safe from this deadly atrium ; safe from mortimer and viggo ; safe from me . 
 now for damage control . 
 i scanned the crowd of a hundred-odd depraved vampires , their wild eyes and expressions varying from bewilderment to crazed blood lust after the briefest scent of a human , until i spotted four familiar faces . 
 the four who needed to survive . 
 relief flickered through me . 
 thank god for those pictures . 
 i closed my eyes , searching for one last thread of energy , just enough to cast another spell . 
 there-a miniscule , glowing purple helix coil , much like a dna strand , floating beside my heart . 
 i grasped it with my mental hand , and yanked . 
 it immediately took flight , shooting up to my fingertips . 
 armed with magic , i raised my hand toward the pyre burning brightly atop veronique 's tomb . 
 a thought brought embers soaring toward my fingertips as if magnetized . 
 then i struck . 
 sparks shot from my hand and erupted into flaming circles around evangeline 's friends , forming a formidable barrier of protection-large enough not to ignite them but tight enough to keep them from leaping out and making a run for it . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 mortimer hollered , his voice tinged with uncertainty . 
 i turned to see shock masking his face . 
 he stood next to viggo , both of them frozen like ice sculptures , struggling to grasp the events of the past ten seconds . 
 i knew that confusion would quickly give way to understanding , followed by retaliation . 
 i 'll deal with them later . 
 for my sister 's sake , they needed to survive ; for my sake , in a subdued fashion . 
 another flick of my hand produced three flaming circles-one around each of them and the last around me . 
 there . 
 that should hold them until i 'm finished . 
 now , elimination . 
 from the corner of my eye , i caught the telltale silvery white hair and hideous face of a mutant . 
 i shuddered ; their very existence was truly repulsive , but worse-i knew the merth-laced building could n't confine them . 
 the last thing we needed were those monsters running loose in new york city . 
 flames shot from my fingertips to ignite the hideous creature , consuming his body as if it were made from highly flammable fabric . 
 his one shrill scream echoed through the atrium , sending a chill down my spine . 
 i did n't let it distract my focus , though . 
 spotting two more mutants , i quickly dispatched them as well . 
 heads started to turn , the screams attracting the attention of the other vampires . 
 soon enough , they 'd figure out the fate i had in store for them . 
 then i 'd have mass hysteria and vampires hiding in every nook and cranny of viggo 's palace . 
 i did n't have time to hunt them all down individually for dispatch . 
 i hurled sparks of fire freely from my fingertips toward any vampire in sight . 
 within seconds , dozens of flaming bodies crumpled to thrash on the ground , scorching the leaves and petals of the atrium 's plants and engulfing any vampires caught in their proximity . 
 but i knew there were more vampires out there , blocked from my view within viggo 's urban jungle . 
 there was only one thing left to do . 
 i had to torch the entire atrium-and hope i could control the fire well enough to prevent the entire building from going up in flames . 
 inhaling deeply , reconciled to the plan , i raised both hands - only to be distracted by a body lying on the ground , bound by merth-a vampire with jet-black hair and lemon eyes . 
 rachel . 
 jaw clenched , i pictured myself slowly tearing the flesh off her body as she screamed , only to allow it to grow back so i could do it again ... but there was no time for that . 
 sighing my disappointment , i raised a finger toward her , preparing to rid everyone of the viper once and for all . 
 `` caden , no ! '' 
 the scream stilled the spark about to fly from my hand . 
 my eyes swung to the four flame-encircled figures in time to see caden , his expression lost , vacant , step toward the flames . 
 i gasped . 
 he was going to kill himself ! 
 with the last bit of magic i had left after evangeline 's complicated transportation spell , i instantly extinguished every flame in the atrium before he could succeed . 
 caden stared back at me , resentment marring his stunning face-but unharmed . 
 that 's okay . 
 you can hate me . 
 you 're safe . 
 a powerful hand grabbed me by the neck and hoisted me into the air . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 viggo growled , rage blazing in his eyes . 
 despite everything , i laughed . 
 i continued to laugh as i sailed through the air and slammed into a brick wall sixty feet away , my bones splintering on impact . 
 pain ripped through my body as i tumbled to the ground and lay in a heap , my face twisted in agony , awaiting the second attack that would surely begin before my bones had a chance to heal . 
 i was right . 
 mortimer wrapped a hand around a fistful of my hair and yanked my head back . 
 he crouched in front of me , his chocolate-brown eyes smoldering with rage . 
 `` i knew we were fools to trust you , '' he growled through gritted teeth . 
 `` what else do you have up your sleeve , witch ? '' 
 `` i had no choice , '' i managed to whisper , pain making me wince with each word . 
 `` lies ! '' 
 mortimer boomed . 
 with a fierce shove , he propelled me facedown onto the cobblestones . 
 i felt my forehead split open and my delicate nose explode . 
 a metallic taste filled my mouth as blood poured in . 
 normally i used my sorcerous powers to numb the pain of my physical scuffles with viggo and mortimer . 
 but until my magic had time to rejuvenate , i would have to endure for the next few minutes . 
 with great difficulty , i turned my head to rest my cheek on the stone . 
 i lay unmoving on my stomach , focusing all of my attention on the destruction around the atrium and on the spectators , only half hiding , intrigued by this violent exchange . 
 i just needed five seconds , and my face would regenerate . 
 within ten seconds , i 'd be as good as new . 
 relax , sofie . 
 you can handle ten seconds ... i gasped as a blunt object tore through the middle of my back , through my ribcage , to exit through my stomach and thud against the cobblestones beneath me . 
 viggo 's signature move . 
 bastard ! 
 it made healing hard . 
 i had to get it out . 
 gritting my teeth , i flexed my arms and pushed my broken body up until i rested on my knees . 
 i grasped the jagged end of the steel pipe with shaking hands , took a deep breath-one ... two-and jerked it forward . 
 my scream filled the silent atrium as the steel slid through my flesh . 
 again ... i had no choice . 
 i had to get it out now . 
 clenching my teeth , i prepared for another tug . 
 a swift kick between my shoulder blades sent me sprawling on my stomach again , shoving the pipe back into my stomach . 
 another lightning bolt of agony raced through my battered body . 
 something against my back-presumably a foot-pinned me down . 
 `` i 'm sure sofie can explain everything , '' a musical but authoritative female voice called out above me , adding , `` once you stop torturing her . '' 
 from my position , i could see evangeline 's two female friends-fiona and amelie-standing forty feet away . 
 it clearly was n't either of them speaking . 
 evangeline had no other friends . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck spiked . 
 how does this vampire know my name ? 
 `` who - '' i began , then gasped as someone ripped the pipe out of my body and tossed it clattering onto the stones beside me . 
 the weight lifted off my back . 
 again i lay waiting until my regenerative abilities-a magnificent vampirism-kicked in , praying that viggo and mortimer would allow me time to heal . 
 this time , they did . 
 once mended , i flew to my feet to assess the scene before me : the players , the situation , the threat . 
 the atrium was no longer the scene of bedlam it had been only minutes ago . 
 it was now a scene of silent chaos . 
 charred heaps-the remains of unlucky vampires-littered the ground . 
 scorched foliage and billowing smoke filled the once-picturesque atrium . 
 i scanned the crowd , quickly counting the remaining ratheus vampires . 
 forty . 
 they were scattered , appearing ready to dive behind benches and statues at the first sign of a magical assault . 
 forty blood-crazed vampires , their eyes dancing wildly as they searched the atrium for humans . 
 if only i had a few sparks of magic , i could level the rest of them . 
 i could - `` right , sofie ? '' 
 the unknown vampiress said , interrupting my plotting . 
 i turned toward the voice to find viggo and mortimer squared off opposite a diminutive , asian-looking woman with porcelain skin and juicy red lips . 
 `` right ... sofie ? '' 
 the woman repeated , regarding me with black , almond-shaped eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure there 's a good reason why evangeline vanished into thin air and you just charred seventy of your own kind ? '' 
 gritting my teeth , i forced a small smile . 
 you are not my kind . 
 `` right , '' i answered as levelly as i could , determined to match her confidence . 
 the problem was , i could n't . 
 i could n't even answer her by name . 
 who is she ? 
 i needed information-quick . 
 reaching inside once again , i scoured my body for a magical helix . 
 just one . 
 normally i had thousands of tiny purple coils floating around my body , ready to be plucked for various spells . 
 i just needed one to send out a probe , to dissect this vampire 's very core , to grasp her true intentions , to know everything there was to know about her . 
 but i was empty . 
 i had drained my magical tank and until it began to regenerate i would need to rely on my wits . 
 damn it ! 
 viggo 's smooth croon broke the silence . 
 `` of course there is ! 
 excuse my rudeness . 
 my desperation got the better of me . '' 
 he flashed one of his brilliant smiles . 
 `` so sorry , sofie . 
 that was barbaric of me . '' 
 i sneered in response , his charming facade kindling a desire to punch him in his perfect nose . 
 it was the same facade he had used to lure evangeline in , to gain her trust . 
 worse , i had to stand by and watch him spin his repulsive web , powerless to stop him for fear of how he would punish her for my interference . 
 i had learned that horrible lesson five years ago . 
 the last time i overtly crossed him , he murdered evangeline 's mother , leaving her orphaned . 
 but he could n't hurt her now . 
 she was buried deep within the untouched mountains of siberia , surrounded by miles of remote wilderness , warm and comfortable in the haven i had spent ten years building . 
 i no longer needed to give viggo satisfaction by playing along . 
 `` you 'll never see evangeline again ! '' 
 i sang out , mustering my most obnoxious grin , feeling suddenly giddy . 
 viggo 's jaw clenched . 
 finally , a ripple in that handsome , iron-cast mask . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he took a rigid step toward me but a pale , delicate hand flew to his chest , stopping him . 
 it did n't actually touch him ; it hovered , palm out , inches in front of his charcoal wool suit . 
 intrigued , i watched viggo 's cobalt-blue eyes study the little hand for a long moment before sliding up to meet the owner-this undaunted , mysterious female leader who knew my name . 
 he does n't know what to think of her either . 
 i knew how viggo 's psychopathic mind worked . 
 i had spent a hundred and twenty years with him breathing down my neck . 
 he wondered how old she was . 
 more precisely , he wondered if she could be stronger than him-the oldest vampire on earth-given that she 'd had no human nourishment for seven hundred years . 
 i caught the curious sparkle in his eyes . 
 he was wondering if he should test her . 
 if he failed , he would prove inferior in front of an atrium full of witnesses . 
 any edge would be lost . 
 do it , viggo , i silently prayed . 
 not because i wanted to see him fall-though i so desperately did-but because i needed to see what this vampiress was made of . 
 `` where is evangeline ? '' 
 mortimer 's deep parisian voice cut through the tension like a sharp blade . 
 it took the tall , dark-haired vampire only half a dozen strides to tower ominously over me . 
 `` what is this new game you 're playing with us ? 
 have we not suffered enough ? '' 
 mortimer did n't bother with an act , which was a refreshing change , despite his naturally unpleasant demeanor . 
 he had n't always been surly . 
 it had slowly crept in over the years as he waited for my sister 's release from the magical tomb where i had put her . 
 between the long wait and the anxiety that she would choose viggo over him , the being my sister had fallen in love with had vanished . 
 deep down , i pitied him . 
 what a terrible unknown to endure . 
 but for now , my resentment with these two outweighed any compassion i might dig up from my deepest recesses . 
 i was , for once , enjoying the upper hand , as spiteful as that was . 
 i felt another wicked smile stretch my lips . 
 i dared to reach up to adjust the lapel of mortimer 's black wool suit jacket . 
 `` somewhere you will never find her . 
 you can - '' `` to protect her or harm her ? '' 
 the little vampiress interjected , suddenly appearing beside mortimer . 
 something strange flickered in her eyes . 
 fury , possibly , though i did n't see why . 
 i felt my lips purse tightly , and my minty green eyes narrowed to slits . 
 try as i might , i could n't school my emotions from my face . 
 who the hell is she to question my intentions for evangeline ? 
 `` to protect her , of course , '' i delivered in a crisp tone . 
 `` from us ? '' 
 she indicated the group of hungry ratheus vampires with a wave of her hand . 
 i speared her with the flattest look i could muster . 
 `` yes . 
 you . '' 
 my eyes flitted over to caden , who stood huddled within a small circle with his friends some distance away , whispering quietly while watching the event unfold . 
 my eyes shifted to viggo and mortimer . 
 `` and them . '' 
 `` we would never hurt evangeline , '' viggo began . 
 `` drop the act , '' i snapped . 
 `` no one 's buying it . '' 
 `` you must be viggo , '' the vampiress murmured , smiling knowingly at him . 
 another intense wave of panic rolled through me . 
 she knows too much . 
 viggo responded with a broad , toothy grin and an overly-dramatic bow . 
 `` and who might you be , my beautiful creature ? '' 
 i noticed his fingertips drum lightly against his thigh , the only indication of his tension-one he usually acknowledged and ceased within seconds . 
 this time , though , those long , manicured fingers kept drumming . 
 the vampiress 's upper lip twitched slightly but otherwise her face remained serene , unreadable . 
 `` mage . '' 
 evangeline never mentioned a mage ... who was she ? 
 `` well , mage . 
 welcome to our fabulous planet . '' 
 viggo thrust his arms out dramatically . 
 `` full of living , bleeding humans ! 
 we 're so happy you 've finally made it . '' 
 at the mention of blood , a chorus of growls and deep inhalations rose from the crowd of depraved vampires . 
 my attention darted to evangeline 's friends again to see their eyes morph in anticipation . 
 `` settle down , everyone ! '' 
 mage 's stern voice rang out above the noise . 
 `` do n't behave like wild animals . '' 
 as if her words had a tranquilizing effect , the noise in the atrium quieted to a low murmur . 
 `` now tell me , dear mage , because i am in awe of your power ... are you the first ? '' 
 viggo asked . 
 the first ... he meant the first vampire . 
 mage ignored him , turning to direct her next question to me in a sharp , direct tone . 
 `` why do you believe viggo wishes harm to evangeline ? '' 
 she was focused . 
 she wanted information . 
 but why did she care ? 
 `` yes , sofie , '' viggo interjected , his brow creasing as if he were confused and hurt . 
 `` why , exactly ? 
 we made a deal . 
 once our sweet evangeline brought back a vampire , she 'd be free to go with her extorted money and her little friends . 
 remember ? '' 
 he asked innocently . 
 `` so why exactly do n't you want to finish the spell ? 
 do n't you want to release your sister ? '' 
 he gestured at mortimer . 
 `` are you punishing us for something ? 
 or , '' his eyes narrowed , `` perhaps you want more money for yourself ? '' 
 i sighed , absorbing the onslaught of accusations . 
 there was no point in continuing the eighteen-year-old lie anymore . 
 they would n't find evangeline . 
 but i had to lay the truth out carefully . 
 `` the spell is n't over . '' 
 i held my hand up in surrender as the words left my mouth , focusing now on evangeline 's friends , hoping to explain before they exploded , before they decided i should die for deceiving evangeline . 
 to my surprise , my confession brought no reaction . 
 nothing , aside from a flicker of mild surprise in amelie 's emerald eyes . 
 from caden and the cute couple standing behind him , nothing . 
 their expressions were stony , indifferent . 
 strange . 
 i did get a reaction from viggo and mortimer , though . 
 `` what ? '' 
 they screeched in unison , mortimer 's voice two octaves above his normally deep , ominous level . 
 i adjusted my stance as i explained , expecting one of them to fly at me . 
 `` the pendant ca n't come off evangeline yet and i need the pendant to release veronique . '' 
 `` and when can it come off ? '' 
 mortimer whispered , hovering over me , his glare icy enough to freeze a normal person stiff . 
 `` when i figure out how to get it off evangeline without killing her , '' i answered , matching his coolness . 
 `` you 're choosing that girl over your own flesh and blood ? '' 
 each word left viggo 's mouth with slow , sharp precision . 
 the accusation pierced my heart as surely as if he had stabbed me . 
 `` no , that 's not true , '' i began , but i faltered , the guilt of my betrayal a weight on my shoulders . 
 i loved my sister . 
 i ached to see her . 
 but evangeline ... she may as well be my own flesh and blood , for what she had come to mean to me . 
 i had watched her grow from a tiny , soft baby into a beautiful , gentle woman . 
 i would carve a path of destruction through anyone who wished her harm . 
 i would protect her until my very last second of existence . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 mortimer hissed . 
 always . 
 the moment the fates answered my causal enchantment , i knew each and every step that needed to take place . 
 but i did n't answer mortimer . 
 instead i locked eyes with viggo , relishing the moment as recognition passed across those callous , two-thousand-year-old eyes . 
 recognition that he had been played a fool . 
 i did n't need to answer . 
 i just smiled . 
 viggo 's eyes narrowed to slits . 
 his lips pursed into a tight smile that evolved into a grimace as he stared intently at me . 
 i knew he was visually tearing out my throat , weighing the value of the desire , deciding if it was worth keeping me here . 
 and he could easily dispose of me if he wanted to ; without my magic , i was no match for the ancient demon 's strength . 
 in the end , he only sighed . 
 `` well played , witch . '' 
 his lips parted into a wicked smile . 
 `` now it 's my turn . '' 
 he flew toward caden with superhuman speed . 
 a gasp caught in my throat , his intentions immediately clear to me . 
 caden met him face-on , as if expecting the threat . 
 of equal height , they stood chest to chest , regarding each other as predators would before a battle . 
 `` what will happen , do you think , when evangeline finds out her precious caden is dead ? '' 
 viggo purred , shifting his weight , preparing to pounce . 
 no , you must n't harm him . 
 he is evangeline 's life . 
 it will kill her . 
 i haphazardly pushed mortimer out of my way as i edged forward , terrified that my sudden movement would serve as a catalyst . 
 caden 's head tilted back , his adam 's apple protruding sharply as he broke out in boisterous laughter . 
 it stayed viggo 's hands . 
 he cocked his head to the left and said curiously , `` is that amusing ? 
 your death , after all of this , is amusing ? '' 
 mortimer suddenly appeared next to viggo-as an ally , or as someone with a vested interest , i was n't sure . 
 either way , the two of them against caden would be disastrous . 
 i needed to stop this from happening . 
 my heels scraped over the cobblestones as i shifted closer , the thirty feet between us feeling like a thousand . 
 `` yeah , actually , it is , '' caden answered levelly , those beautiful , piercing jade eyes sizing up both viggo and mortimer , undaunted . 
 they were physically the same size , though caden appeared ten years younger in human years . 
 `` we used the human to get here and now you 're threatening me because of it ? 
 i did n't do anything you would n't do . '' 
 my feet froze . 
 his words ... the human . 
 so impersonal . 
 so cold . 
 so ... treacherous . 
 wariness crept into me . 
 `` it worked ! 
 and now we 're here ! '' 
 amelie suddenly squeaked , cutting into their exchange with an excited lilt in her voice . 
 she skipped forward and placed her hand on mortimer 's chest , not intimidated by his ominous , towering presence . 
 `` you must be mortimer , right ? 
 so tall and handsome ! 
 i 'm amelie . 
 i think we could be good friends , do n't you ? '' 
 she flashed a brilliantly adorable smile-so adorable that it completely disarmed mortimer . 
 he faltered , blinking several times , and eventually allowed a subdued grin . 
 the smile did n't work on viggo . 
 `` so you 're saying you do n't care for evangeline ? '' 
 he asked lightly , though i knew his mood was anything but light . 
 `` i 'm saying we did what we needed to do to get here , '' caden answered , shrugging . 
 something in his tone ... he sounded ... bored ? 
 detached ? 
 it sparked a wave of rage within me . 
 viggo 's left eyebrow arched . 
 `` i do n't know if i believe you . '' 
 `` i do n't give a rat 's ass what you believe , '' caden answered with a sneer , his chest puffing out aggressively , `` except for one thing . 
 believe this : if any of you so much as look at us the wrong way - '' those mesmerizing , blue-green eyes shifted to me '' - any of you ... you will die . '' 
 viggo 's responding chuckle would have sent a chill through any sane person 's soul . 
 `` i 'm not so sure you should be throwing threats around , given your youthfulness and lack of human blood . '' 
 another smug grin stretched across caden 's face . 
 `` youthfulness ? '' 
 `` why , yes ! 
 seven hundred , is it ? 
 give or take ? 
 a baby , next to some of us . '' 
 `` you assume what we told the human was true . '' 
 all four of them chuckled now , the young , blonde bishop in the back throwing his arm lazily over fiona 's shoulders . 
 `` how much of what you know about me do you think is real ? '' 
 caden continued . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 i was so sure of his feelings . 
 how could anyone not fall in love with her ? 
 panic twisted my stomach . 
 my worst nightmare was coming true . 
 could they really have lied to evangeline about everything ? 
 yes ! 
 of course ! 
 why would n't they ? 
 or ... they could be lying to viggo , distancing themselves from his target . 
 either was possible . 
 but now they were toying with my trust . 
 ruse or not , caden 's ploy was working . 
 viggo 's lips compressed as he realized he could very well be picking a battle with a vampire twice his age , with three more flanking him . 
 anxiety tore at my insides . 
 i needed to know the truth . 
 had he lied to evangeline ? 
 used her to get here ? 
 if they had ... i 'd tear them all to pieces . 
 i stepped forward , keeping my target in sight as my mental eye scoured my insides for a spark . 
 i only needed one little helix to read caden 's soul . 
 just one tiny little bud , even ... . 
 mage stepped in front of me , blocking my path . 
 `` move , '' i growled . 
 `` you can not blame them for deceiving evangeline to get what they wanted . 
 after all , you did the same , '' mage reminded me . 
 `` what i did was nothing like that ! '' 
 go away ! 
 you 're distracting me ! 
 i sidestepped around her . 
 just one spark-one-and i 'd burn them to the ground . 
 there ! 
 i found one floating beneath my left lung . 
 i plucked at it , pulling it up and forward , releasing it from my fingertip . 
 the tiny , glowing purple bud , visible only to me , sailed toward caden . 
 a sharp spasm shot through my back as something dug into my collarbone . 
 i lost my grasp on the helix . 
 flinching , i watched it drift up and away , now worthless . 
 `` i would n't do that , if i were you , '' mage 's voice hummed in my ear . 
 i turned to see her hand on me , and one eyebrow raised . 
 how did she know what i was doing ? 
 vampires could n't see magic ... `` you must n't blame evangeline . 
 many were tricked . 
 even other powerful vampires . '' 
 she gestured with her chin toward rachel , lying under a charred tree . 
 that 's right ! 
 i had forgotten . 
 was the whole rachel-caden thing a charade as well ? 
 desperate for answers , i spun on my heels , breaking free of mage 's grasp , and flew to the raven-haired demon . 
 bending down , i tore the merth bindings from her wrists and legs , wincing at the sting . 
 she was on her feet in a second , her hate-filled yellow eyes locked on mage . 
 i watched a secret look pass between them . 
 `` no harm intended , rachel , '' mage offered mildly . 
 `` no . 
 just trying to leave me in that hell hole , '' rachel responded coolly , her pinched nose and pouty red lips rendering her face beautiful yet unpleasant . 
 `` well , you 're here and you 're free . 
 bygones , right ? '' 
 mage matched her coolness , unruffled by whatever had transpired between them . 
 `` right . '' 
 rachel displayed a toothy grin . 
 she turned to caden , fury flashing over her face , her hands flexing as if about to rake his eyes out . 
 `` so was all that an act , too ? '' 
 i asked caden , leaning in to scrutinize his every twitch , his every shift , for some clue . 
 `` no . 
 that was an added bonus , '' caden answered , adding with thick sarcasm , `` thanks so much for letting her loose . '' 
 rachel 's eyes narrowed further . 
 the hatred was genuine , i decided . 
 but all this just could n't be ... was it all an act ? 
 it would certainly be smart of caden , distancing himself from ties to evangeline , making himself less of a target for viggo and rachel . 
 again i reached inside for a bud , desperate to read caden , to end this question once and for all . 
 regrettably , i could n't find even one . 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' viggo finally stated , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 caden only shrugged , an infuriating gesture , based on the fleeting twist of viggo 's mouth . 
 if they kept this up , act or no act , viggo would n't restrain himself . 
 i had long-since dissolved his patience . 
 `` well , while you 're not believing , where are the humans ? 
 i 'm parched , '' bishop piped up with an obnoxious grin . 
 `` you 'll have to ask sofie if she can find you - '' viggo began , but voices from inside the building interrupted him . 
 `` are all the servants on vacation ? '' 
 a female exclaimed angrily . 
 right on cue . 
 heads whipped around as camila forero stormed through the red doors into the atrium , followed closely by her husband , carmelo-viggo and mortimer 's colombian `` beard '' family , and the only two humans left in the building . 
 their children had left with evangeline for no other reason than that the sweet , optimistic girl had begged me to save them . 
 these two , i 'd intentionally left behind . 
 camila stopped dead . 
 her dark brown eyes grew wide as they flitted over the smoldering corpses and landed on the crowd of strangers regarding her with intense interest . 
 one ... two ... . 
 there . 
 forty sets of nostrils flared . 
 the scent of human blood coursing through delicate human veins had reached the ratheus vampires . 
 it was all they needed . 
 eyes began morphing into the hideous red globes of ravenous vampires , the only time one of our kind could be considered grotesque . 
 camila 's jaw dropped . 
 her terror flooded my mind like a potent memory . 
 another vampirism . 
 i knew the others would sense it as well . 
 it would only feed their lust . 
 camila 's feet began sliding backward as she edged stiffly toward the building . 
 her four inch snakeskin heels scraped against the concrete steps . 
 she stumbled into her husband before pushing past him to run , carmelo on her heels . 
 i sighed . 
 bad move , running . 
 `` the garage ! '' 
 i heard camila whisper to her husband as surely as if she stood next to me . 
 so they thought they could hide ? 
 despite myself , i chuckled . 
 silly humans . 
 there 's no hiding ... the swarm took off , caden and amelie in the lead , tearing into the building after the humans , in a race to see who would taste human blood first . 
 sympathy for evangeline swallowed my anger , the likelihood that her friends had deceived her growing with each minute . 
 `` wonderful ! '' 
 viggo muttered sarcastically , throwing his hands up in the air . 
 `` who 's going to clean up the blood ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you think there 's going to be a drop of blood left ? '' 
 camila 's shrill scream silenced any retort . 
 `` how long before they discover they 're trapped ? '' 
 mortimer asked , the legs of a bistro chair scratching against the cobblestones as he dragged it away from a charred body . 
 he repositioned it on the other side of veronique 's statue . 
 `` and how angry do you think this mage will be ? '' 
 `` yes , she may prove thorny , '' viggo mused absently as he inspected the leaves of a wild rose bush-an ancient and rare variety that veronique loved , now a crisp mess . 
 i wondered the same thing . 
 i began tinkering with the merth the second evangeline left for ratheus for the last time , testing out different magical weaves and chants , combining basic witch binding spells with my own concoctions , adding my own unique signature to make the spell unbreakable by anyone but me . 
 it had taken days to figure out and thousands of helix threads but , in the end , no vampire was getting within twenty feet of an exterior wall without facing paralyzing pain . 
 given we now had forty vampires within these walls instead of four , i could n't be more thankful that the spell was in place . 
 it was the only thing i was thankful for . 
 we did n't have long to wonder how mage would react . 
 `` what have you done to this building ? '' 
 her crisp voice called out . 
 i turned to see the delicate vampiress gliding toward me , her movements smooth and controlled . 
 she dabbed a blood-stained cloth against her mouth . 
 more dark red stains covered her shirt-a gray button-down meant for fiona . 
 a mutant accompanied her on her right , the only surviving mutant . 
 to her left , at a distance but clearly intent on hearing the conversation , rachel slinked . 
 a flood of ratheus vampires trailed the three of them through the doors into the atrium , their angry crimson eyes settling on me . 
 i counted twenty-eight now . 
 the rest were no doubt lying on the cold tile within the merth 's border , waiting for someone to drag them to safety . 
 but twenty-eight could still prove difficult to control , that fact driven home as i caught whispers of `` witch '' and `` torture . '' 
 i glanced from mage back to them , and to viggo and mortimer . 
 i 'm surrounded by angry , desperate vampires . 
 this could n't end well . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , my voice intentionally airy . 
 mage paused for a moment to regard me , a knowing smirk touching her lips , her eyes narrowing slightly . 
 she turned to a tall , willowy blonde standing near the security door beside the iron garage gate . 
 `` tanith ? 
 please demonstrate . '' 
 the blonde vampire hesitated . 
 `` go and open that door , '' mage pressed gently , her voice a soothing song . 
 tanith stalked toward the metal door . 
 she reached out slowly , her face pinched , her long fingers approaching the metal handle as if anticipating pain . 
 like a cobra , her hand shot forward the last few inches to graze the handle and pull back . 
 her eyes lit up in pleasant surprise ; what she had expected had n't happened . 
 she glanced over at mage as her hand clamped over the door handle . 
 she gave it a yank . 
 it did little more than creak . 
 i had expected as much , given it was triple-reinforced with titanium deadbolts and a system of iron rods tunneling ten feet into the brick surrounding it . 
 even viggo with all his strength could n't open that door without exerting significant strength . 
 with a sigh , mage floated over to the door . 
 she reached out to grasp the handle with her dainty hand as tanith had before her . 
 she pulled . 
 a hair-raising metal screech echoed through the atrium as mage ripped the security door out of its frame as if it were nothing more than a sheet of paper , sending concrete and brick flying in every direction . 
 i had never seen a display of strength like that before . 
 it was all i could do to keep my mouth from hanging open . 
 in my peripheral vision , i spied viggo 's jaw drop for a split second before he schooled his expression and clamped his mouth shut . 
 mage was no longer his competition . 
 she had just proven herself to be vastly superior . 
 now , with a gaping hole in the wall , the ratheus vampires-caden and friends falling in at the rear-bolted . 
 they poured through the opening into the tunnel , heading toward the exterior door , the final barrier between them and the streets of manhattan ... and the blood they 'd been craving for seven hundred years . 
 i was n't worried about them escaping . 
 instead i stood frozen , watching as mage tossed the heap of metal aside and calmly approached me . 
 i have no magic and i 'm facing off against the vampire queen that i 've single-handedly trapped in this building . 
 i wondered how long i would survive . 
 the mutant lingered beside her , his eyes shifting furtively to the gaping hole , no doubt wondering if he could pass . 
 shrieks of pain echoed from the tunnel . 
 mage crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` that 's what i 'm referring to . '' 
 `` oh , that . '' 
 i was going for aloof but it came out sounding like a petulant child . 
 `` well ... '' i paused , evaluating my options . 
 what should i tell her ? 
 they already knew i was a sorceress . 
 should i play dumb ? 
 could i pretend i was as much a victim of some witch 's trap as she was , that i could n't get out either ? 
 or could i blame evangeline 's spell , say that this was a consequence ? 
 various webs began spinning at warp speed in my mind . 
 it was all i did lately-lie . 
 lie to viggo and mortimer to protect evangeline ; lie to evangeline to protect her . 
 heck , i even lied to myself to ease my guilt over the choices i 'd made . 
 i regarded mage 's shrewd , hawkish eyes and some instinct cautioned me against lying this time . 
 the truth it is . 
 a rarity . 
 `` we ca n't have blood-crazed vampires tearing through the streets of our city , especially ones who 've already had a hand in the extinction of one world 's humans . 
 so , i 've laced the building with merth . 
 none of you will get out until i release the spell . '' 
 go ahead and kill me , mage . 
 you 'll never taste warm human blood again . 
 mage leveled a hard stare at me , the corners of her almond eyes crinkling as she thought . 
 `` you 're telling me the truth . '' 
 it was a statement . 
 `` i appreciate that . 
 i know it does n't come naturally for our kind . 
 thank you . '' 
 she turned her back on me to walk toward the tunnel . 
 `` everyone , listen ! '' 
 mage shouted . 
 she waved them all out of the tunnel to form a circle around her in the atrium . 
 only fourteen returned , throwing daggered glares in my direction . 
 the rest were caught within the merth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but every one of us will need to stay here for now ... jonah , stop ! '' 
 her hand flew out toward the mutant jonah as he slowly edged toward the tunnel exit . 
 he glanced over his shoulder at mage , his face twisting into something more repulsive , if that were possible . 
 but his feet still moved forward . 
 he could get past the merth . 
 he could be free . 
 he ca n't escape . 
 with desperation on my side , a flame suddenly erupted at my fingertip . 
 oh , thank god . 
 my magic is back . 
 `` stop , '' i commanded , my hand rising , my finger pointed , ready to burn the mutant to the ground . 
 mage suddenly appeared in front of me , her powerful hand clamping over mine , thwarting my plans . 
 her hand remained on mine as she turned to regard him . 
 `` jonah , '' she said , her voice calm . 
 `` just for a bit ... promise , '' he murmured , continuing forward . 
 viggo and mortimer appeared before the gaping hole in the wall , their tall , lean frames creating a formidable barrier . 
 luckily we agreed on one thing-we could n't have a mutant loose . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 jonah chuckled arrogantly . 
 `` now would not be a good time to make your exit . '' 
 mortimer 's french accent made him sound calm and diplomatic but i could see the mixture of rage and panic in his eyes . 
 viggo , on the other hand , swayed side to side , hands at the ready , sneering . 
 he was eager to pounce , his distaste for mutants evident . 
 jonah rolled his hideous white eyes . 
 `` i disagree ! 
 i 've waited seven hundred years . 
 now is the perfect time . 
 you two are n't strong enough to match me so i suggest you let me pass before i rip you to shreds . '' 
 great . 
 another volatile situation . 
 how many more of these would we endure under this roof ? 
 how long before one of us died ? 
 my attention slid to evangeline 's friends , who now stood in a far corner under a sizeable fig tree , their shirts speckled with blood . 
 clearly they 'd been at the head of the line for the foreros . 
 `` no , but with my help they are , '' a prissy voice called out , drawing my eyes back to the hole . 
 rachel stood next to viggo , offering jonah a wicked grin . 
 `` thanks for tying me up , freak . '' 
 whatever had transpired on ratheus , jonah had made an enemy of her . 
 `` if i ca n't go out there , neither can anyone else . '' 
 she offered viggo an over-exaggerated grin and a wink . 
 she 's choosing a side . 
 `` besides , you ca n't go out there . 
 you 're hideous ! '' 
 she sneered at the mutant . 
 jonah smirked , unperturbed . 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 mortimer shouted , never one to control his anger . 
 `` so you 'll only attract the attention of a bunch of fanatics watching us every minute of every day , waiting for a reason to uncover us ! '' 
 `` you 're being watched ? '' 
 mage glanced at my fingertip and , seeing the flame extinguished , released her grip . 
 i nodded once . 
 `` humans ? '' 
 a second nod . 
 not just any humans-the people 's sentinel , a group of zealous humans whose sole mission was to kill vampires . 
 they had been nothing but a thorn in our side for centuries . 
 `` have they made an alliance with the witches yet ? '' 
 mage asked . 
 yet ? 
 `` no ... '' i began , processing her words and her tone . 
 a few had helped the elusive ursula-a scorned witch from my past-attack evangeline in central park the day she hoodwinked leo and the dogs . 
 max was kind enough to bring one of the victims ' hands home to show me the awkward crucifix on the thumb : the sentinel 's trademark . 
 i would n't call it an alliance , though . 
 the sentinel hated witches as much as they did vampires . 
 `` and so it begins , '' mage murmured . 
 unease stirred in my stomach . 
 she knew something . 
 she expected something . 
 i opened my mouth to demand she share her knowledge , but she had already turned her back to me , her attention on jonah . 
 `` i need you to remain within these walls until we decide how to eliminate this threat , '' she told him . 
 `` we must avoid a repeat of ratheus . 
 understand ? '' 
 a repeat of ratheus . 
 she was afraid of a world war ending human life here . 
 she and i shared one thing in common , at least . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 mage repeated more loudly when jonah 's gaunt face twisted in displeasure . 
 after a pause , the mutant nodded , scowling . 
 it was as if she had power over them , as if she could control them . 
 there was something so elusive about her , so ... i seized a magic bud and quietly chanted a few lines of a probing spell as i let my magic drift toward her . 
 the glowing tendrils curled around her skull , preparing to enter and download information buried deep within her core . 
 i would know everything there was to know about our dear mage in fifteen seconds ... black hair fanned outward as she whirled around to face me , anger flashing in her eyes . 
 `` do n't you dare , '' she hissed . 
 my magical fingers recoiled . 
 `` do n't ever do that again , or you and i will have a problem , '' she warned quietly . 
 i pursed my lips tightly , torn between feeling like the child caught with her hand in a cookie jar and pure fascination . 
 how did she know what i was doing ? 
 satisfied that i would not continue my magical assault , mage looked to viggo and mortimer . 
 `` we know everything . 
 we know about your venom issue . 
 we know about sofie 's sister in that tomb over there . '' 
 she pointed to the statue behind mortimer . 
 viggo 's eyes bulged with panic , that the secrets he guarded so closely were thrown out into the open . 
 `` it 's in everyone 's best interest that we consider a truce . 
 no more killing-anyone . 
 no more of sofie 's magic . '' 
 she looked at me to confirm that i heard her . 
 `` in return , jonah stays inside and this group will behave as appreciative guests , accepting your asylum . '' 
 viggo and mortimer exchanged the briefest look . 
 `` though i am trustworthy , '' viggo began , earning an eye roll from me , `` how do we know we can we trust this group ? '' 
 mage offered viggo a honey-sweet smile but when she spoke , her words were laced with deadly warning . 
 `` no one defies me . 
 no one . '' 
 `` no one ? '' 
 i mimicked , eyeing rachel , whose vengeful snake eyes had n't left caden and his friends . 
 understanding my concern , mage turned to rachel . 
 `` no retaliation , right , rachel ? '' 
 after a pause , a sneering rachel nodded reluctantly . 
 `` and , '' viggo added , his index finger swinging back and forth between caden and me , `` we have a truce as long as they stay away from each other . '' 
 of course . 
 he was afraid i 'd form allegiances . 
 caden chuckled in response . 
 `` no worries there . 
 i want less to do with that witch than with psycho . '' 
 he gestured toward rachel . 
 `` you had better not be lying to me , '' viggo warned in a low tone , his blue eyes icy . 
 caden snorted . 
 if this is an act , you had better ease off . 
 though viggo played the easygoing vampire , getting caught lying to him had disastrous consequences . 
 `` fine . 
 we 're in agreement , '' mage said , assuming she had my agreement . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 viggo clapped his hands together , his typical false charm in full swing again . 
 `` how about a beverage ? '' 
 `` stand back ! '' 
 viggo sang out as mortimer pushed a refrigerated cart along the cobblestone path , its metal frame rattling noisily over the uneven ground . 
 they had insisted on bringing a batch of blood up from the cellar , afraid that exposing the ratheus vamps to all that blood at once would send them into a crazed tailspin . 
 now , though , asking a group of vampires who had waited seven hundred years for a drop of blood to stand back was too much . 
 all forty vampires-i had rescued the ones from within the merth-affected perimeter in an effort to gain favor-flocked toward the cart like starving , red-eyed peasants begging for the king 's rations . 
 arms outstretched , they groped eagerly at the metal box . 
 `` you 'll all get some ! '' 
 viggo chirped as he tossed bags of blood out , adding for my benefit , `` it would be faster if we had servants , of course . '' 
 the vamps tore through the thick medical plastic with their teeth , desperate to get to the contents . 
 blood spilled over their hands and splashed onto the ground . 
 evangeline 's friends pushed forward to fill their fists with bags , then scurried to a far corner to feed quietly , whatever promises they 'd made about refusing human blood clearly nonexistent . 
 i felt another sharp pang of despair , my hope that they might be deceiving viggo and mortimer all but gone . 
 that much spilled blood proved difficult even for me ; i felt the spidery web of veins creep into my eyes and knew i needed to get away . 
 turning from the crowd , i fled to the only place that offered some semblance of comfort in this asylum of blood-crazed vampires . 
 2 . 
 exile `` am i stupid ? '' 
 leo jerked in his chair as if startled from sleep . 
 my voice had likely done just that . 
 he was past exhaustion , the heavy circles under his eyes so dark they could be mistaken for bruising . 
 but the stubborn old man refused to go to bed . 
 instead , he slouched in the checkered-print wing chair beside the wood stove in my room , his hand resting lazily on remington 's head . 
 i think he was waiting for me to drift off . 
 that was the problem . 
 i could n't drift off . 
 caden 's bloodthirsty red eyes met me every time i tried . 
 murderous eyes . 
 and no matter how hard i concentrated , no matter how long i stared at the four by six photo of him that i held in my hand , i could n't call his beautiful jade eyes from my memory . 
 it had been a little after midnight when leo escorted me to my second floor bedroom-a simple but cozy cedar-paneled nook with slanted ceilings and two tiny windows overlooking the mountains . 
 a pair of pink flannel pajamas waited for me on a double bed . 
 just as sofie had instructed , leo informed me . 
 now , two hours later , i lay under the plush white down duvet with my personal guard dog , max , stretched out beside me , gazing out at a night sky speckled with brilliant stars , thinking about caden and the others . 
 wondering if their previous morals and convictions still held . 
 wondering if caden was mad at me for believing everything would be fine . 
 wondering if i was an idiot for believing in the first place . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 leo murmured , his thick irish accent as staggering now as it had been the first time i heard it only hours ago , when i learned he was n't merely a proper british butler , but sofie 's warlock spy , planted in viggo 's household fifteen years ago to keep tabs on his employer . 
 `` am i stupid ? 
 for believing them ? '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` no , my dear evangeline . 
 you are far from stupid . 
 naive , absolutely . 
 but it 's born out of an enormous heart and an enduring need to believe the best of people . 
 not stupidity . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 after everything that 's happened , i still lap up what people give me like a dog ! '' 
 hey , now , max grumbled . 
 i patted his massive paw in apology . 
 `` you 're no ordinary dog , max . '' 
 that was an understatement . 
 max and his brothers were werebeasts , created by mortimer before sofie 's magic fried all vampire venom in her struggle to do the impossible-turn from witch to vampire . 
 besides their giant muscular bodies , they had the regenerative abilities and super senses of a human vampire , as well as telepathic links with their maker . 
 except max . 
 he was special . 
 when max switched his allegiance to me after the attack in central park , i began hearing him inside my head . 
 it was only one way , unfortunately , but he understood every word that came out of my mouth . 
 leo shifted in his chair to face me . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know what keeps your spirits so high . 
 with all that has happened to you , we expected one jaded young woman . 
 and yet you keep surprising us with this unworldly resilience . '' 
 he smiled gently . 
 `` that 's a good thing , by the way . '' 
 `` i guess so , '' i murmured after a moment . 
 `` it is ! '' 
 he insisted . 
 `` it 's what makes you so damn lovable . '' 
 i leaned into max 's shoulder , hiding the blush i felt creeping into my cheeks at the compliment , such attention unfamiliar to me . 
 i 'd spent the last five years utterly invisible . 
 of course now i knew that was all sofie 's doing , her compelling everyone to keep their distance for fear of viggo murdering those close to me . 
 leo turned back toward the stove , chuckling to himself . 
 `` and do n't forget , you were n't the only one tricked . 
 i 'll bet viggo and mortimer are feeling quite foolish right about now . '' 
 i propped myself up on my elbows . 
 `` why 'd you do it ? '' 
 the light from the fire burning in the wood stove coupled with a candle on the side table provided enough light to observe the old man 's profile , brows puckered as he frowned , deep in thought . 
 `` i was in sofie 's debt . '' 
 shock widened my eyes . 
 `` she forced you ? '' 
 leo 's head whipped back toward me . 
 `` oh no ! '' 
 he said , his voice suddenly passionate . 
 `` not in the least . 
 i wanted to help her . '' 
 with a sigh , he bent forward to ease another log into the fire . 
 `` sofie gave me back my wife . '' 
 a small gasp escaped my sagging jaw . 
 `` oh , do n't be so shocked ! 
 did you think i was born in a three-piece suit ? '' 
 he exclaimed , straightening the red and orange argyle sweater vest he had donned , a contrast from the formal clothing he 'd worn in manhattan as viggo 's butler . 
 leo ... in another life ? 
 married ? 
 it was reasonable , yet i could n't picture it . 
 swallowing my shock , i asked , `` how did sofie ... give you back your wife ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` one winter , my wife-maeve-started having difficulty breathing . 
 to this day , i do n't know what caused it . 
 a weak heart , perhaps . 
 being what i am , i tried healing her , but i could n't . 
 i tried every spell in the book . 
 i begged every sorcerer i knew , who tried every spell in their repertoire . 
 nothing . 
 no one could fix her . 
 not with normal magic , anyway . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair . 
 `` a friend of mine suggested i ask the fates . '' 
 the fates . 
 i remembered sofie mentioning these fates . 
 `` is n't that what sofie did for my spell ? '' 
 leo 's head bobbed up and down , his brow furrowing . 
 `` dangerous and powerful stuff , that type of magic . 
 it can be deadly . 
 few sorcerers will even attempt a causal enchantment . 
 most do n't have enough magic in them to call on them , even if they 're brave enough . 
 i do n't , that 's for certain . '' 
 a wrinkled index finger rose to wag in the air . 
 `` but there was one , it seemed , a powerful and fearless french sorceress who had turned herself eighty years earlier using a causal enchantment for the love of a vampire , only to accidentally kill him . 
 i had heard about her ; she was a fable by that point , really . 
 no one knew if she still lived . 
 most thought she had met her demise by fire , or something equally poetic . 
 if she did exist , she had dropped off the grid completely . 
 `` i was desperate . 
 i had to find her , had to see what she could do that no one else could . 
 and so i searched . 
 i researched every french sorcery guild tree ; i picked the brains of every elderly witch still alive . 
 and i finally found a name : sofie girard . '' 
 `` girard , '' i repeated softly . 
 of course sofie had a last name ! 
 he nodded . 
 `` once i had her name , i used a type of spell called a ` broadcast spell ' to seek her out . 
 i 'll explain that another time . '' 
 he waved away my perplexed look . 
 `` maeve was so weak by this point , her breathing ragged . 
 i did n't expect her to last another week . '' 
 leo paused and swallowed heavily . 
 `` the morning after i sent the broadcast out , i walked into our little kitchen in dublin to find this stunning red-haired woman perched on the counter . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` at first i thought she was going to strike me dead for seeking her out-those pale green eyes seemed to dissect me . '' 
 leo leaned forward until he perched on the edge of his chair , suddenly animated as he relived the memory . 
 `` but she pushed past me without a word and walked over to the couch where my wife lay , wheezing terribly and barely conscious by now . 
 sofie leaned forward , close to my wife 's face . 
 i did n't know what to expect . 
 i was afraid she would do what i could n't - end my wife 's suffering . 
 or worse , turn her ! 
 of course , i did n't know about the venom problem , that her venom could n't turn a human . '' 
 a wistful smile touched leo 's lips . 
 `` but she did no such thing . 
 for two days straight , sofie sat beside maeve , holding her hand . 
 i could feel her magic in the house . 
 such awesome , unparalleled strength that woman has . 
 she is a true rarity in the sorcery world . 
 i sat in the chair next to them , watching . 
 i did n't utter a single word . 
 for two days straight , i sat there , until i finally passed out from exhaustion . '' 
 leo leaned back into his chair . 
 `` when i awoke , maeve was sitting next to me with rosy cheeks and vibrant eyes . 
 sofie was gone . '' 
 my heart swelled with relief . 
 `` so maeve 's okay ? 
 where is she now ? '' 
 leo smiled sadly . 
 `` she 's been gone twenty years now , evangeline . 
 that 's the downside of marrying an older woman . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` maeve was nineteen years my senior . 
 when i was a spry fifty-five-year-older , she was in her mid-seventies . 
 old age took her . 
 but thanks to sofie , i had thirty wonderful years with her . '' 
 `` so then what happened ? '' 
 i felt my eye brow quirk with doubt . 
 `` how 'd you end up as viggo 's british butler ? '' 
 `` well ... '' leo slowly eased out of his chair . 
 he walked over to gaze out a window , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` when maeve died , i was lost . 
 figured i 'd just let myself waste away until i could join her . 
 and then one day about fifteen years ago , sofie contacted me using a communication spell . 
 it seems the sly woman had kept tabs on me and knew i was widowed . '' 
 he laughed , shaking his head . 
 `` she asked about my british acting skills and my ability to mask my powers . 
 intrigued and willing to repay her in any way i could , i followed her instructions . 
 i moved to england under an assumed name and fraudulent credentials . 
 i published an advertisement for a job in new york city , and i learned a disguising spell to hide my irish accent , to create the illusion of a perfect gentleman 's man . 
 it did n't take long for viggo to find me . 
 his last butler met an untimely death . '' 
 leo grimaced . 
 `` or timely , for sofie 's sake . '' 
 i shuddered , hoping sofie had nothing to do with it but not feeling overly confident . 
 `` i entered their home just after viggo killed your mother . '' 
 that stabbed at my heart . 
 since learning the truth of my mother 's death-that viggo had murdered her-i could not think about my mother without seeing the haunting image max had shown me of viggo leaning over her broken body . 
 it was etched in my mind , just as caden 's bloody eyes now were . 
 a giant wet nose nuzzled against my ear . 
 max , comforting me . 
 i gave his head an affectionate scratch . 
 leo continued . 
 `` at first i knew nothing about you , about the spell , or the venom issue . 
 but slowly , as sofie learned to trust me , as i began feeding her bits of information and described strange happenings that i heard of with my ear to the ground , she confided in me . '' 
 he gave me a gentle smile that pulled at the wrinkled skin around his mouth . 
 `` by the time you stepped out of viggo 's private jet , i knew you quite well . '' 
 returning his gaze to the window , he paused , his mind drifting . 
 `` maeve and i were never able to have children . 
 she was in her forties when we married . 
 we tried , but it never took . '' 
 just as quickly , he drifted back into our conversation . 
 `` planting me in there was brilliant on sofie 's part . 
 unfortunately i knew nothing about ursula . 
 viggo kept that one close to his unbeating heart . '' 
 `` i do n't know how sofie keeps up with all these schemes of hers , '' i muttered , feeling a twinge of envy over her brilliance . 
 `` i mean ... this place ! '' 
 i wished i had a hundredth of her cunning . 
 she had designed an escape route for every escape route of every situation , even the most wild and unplanned . 
 leo 's arms unfolded to punctuate his words with movement . 
 `` oh , you do n't know the half of it ! 
 the cost and complexity of building this place up here ? 
 creating a fully self-sufficient cabin on undiscovered land ? 
 it has taken ten years and countless helicopter crews . 
 she compelled every single builder , supplier , bookkeeper-anyone at all-so as not to risk a trail here for viggo or mortimer to follow . 
 there is nothing that woman has n't thought of regarding your safety , i can promise you that . '' 
 his declaration allowed me a large sigh of relief ; i had a maternal vampiress watching over me . 
 but then those pulsating red eyes pushed into my memory and my chest tightened . 
 `` leo , will my friends ever be normal again ? '' 
 leo approached slowly and stopped next to my bed . 
 `` they were never normal , evangeline . 
 they 're vampires . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i could help you forget them , if you wanted . 
 but my magic is n't like a vampire 's compulsion . 
 i would n't be able to isolate specifics . 
 i 'd likely wipe out the past month completely . 
 you might not even remember them . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed , more a shout in the dead silence of the night . 
 not remember them ? 
 forget the angelic ring of amelie 's giggles ? 
 forget the shivers that ran through my body every time caden gazed in my direction ? 
 forget that all-consuming warmth of love ? 
 never . 
 i modulated my voice . 
 `` no , that 's okay . 
 i do n't want to forget what 's happened . '' 
 leo smiled . 
 `` that 's good , because i might accidentally lobotomize you . '' 
 he placed his hand on my forehead and said somberly , `` you need your rest , evangeline . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` i 'm trying , but i ca n't . 
 every time i close my eyes , i see ... '' my words became garbled as a feeling of calm and peace washed over me ; my eyelids became too heavy to keep open . 
 `` go to sleep now , my dear girl , '' leo murmured distantly , following that with a low chant . 
 he was casting a spell , i realized . 
 i did n't care ; the sound of his voice welcomed , soothed . 
 i felt the lightest peck on my forehead just before i drifted off , meadows and children 's laughter replacing the image of caden 's burning eyes . 
 a gray and white marble hallway stretched ahead of me , illuminated by wall sconces that flickered repeatedly , as if touched by a power surge . 
 it looked like the hallway outside my room in viggo and mortimer 's home , only different . 
 was it wider ? 
 longer ? 
 i stepped forward and teetered , then looked down at heeled shoes , three inches high , peeking from beneath the silky folds of a jade green evening gown . 
 it was the same outfit i 'd worn on the night of my eighteenth birthday . 
 instinct pulled my head to look over my shoulder for max , but he was nowhere in sight . 
 i was completely alone-an oddity within these walls , where there always seemed to be eyes on me . 
 and then it hit me : i 'm dreaming . 
 all suddenly became clear . 
 this had already happened . 
 i had already lived this . 
 what should i do?the atrium . 
 maybe i 'll find sofie there . 
 i walked slowly toward the stairs at the end of the hall , reveling in the feel of my gown , the odd sense of relaxation whirling around me . 
 i had n't felt this peaceful since my birthday . 
 suddenly the stairs disappeared and the hallway stretched out ahead for miles with no end in sight . 
 a surge of anxiety replaced the warm , tranquil feeling ; i was late for something , i was sure of it , but i had no idea what . 
 i picked up my pace , rushing down the hall , hoping that the stairs would reappear . 
 but the hall kept stretching farther and farther ahead of me . 
 finally i kicked off my shoes , hiked up my dress , and ran . 
 my breathing became labored , the need to get to those stairs-to my destination-crushing . 
 as suddenly as the top of the staircase had vanished , it rematerialized . 
 i skidded to a halt before i tumbled down the steep flight . 
 i was no longer alone . 
 they were there , climbing up the steps , broad smiles on their faces , amelie 's blonde curls bobbing , fiona and bishop hand in hand . 
 just as i remembered them . 
 they were dressed as finely as i , the girls in matching dresses but different colors-amelie in crimson and fiona in violet to compliment her sparkling purple-tinged eyes . 
 bishop stepped forward in a dashing silver suit . 
 i grinned . 
 they grinned back as they glided up the stairs toward me , parting before they reached me to stand on either side . 
 and then my breath caught as i glimpsed a mass of chestnut brown hair . 
 caden ascended the stairs behind them , wearing a custom-tailored black suit like those viggo and mortimer wore . 
 he lifted his head and his beautiful jade eyes bored into me , sucking the air out of my lungs . 
 my shoulders slouched with relief . 
 i was where i needed to be . 
 i had made it . 
 caden stepped onto the landing and held out his hand . 
 i moved forward and took it , then poured myself into his arms , into his embrace . 
 `` it worked , '' he whispered in my ear , the words tickling my skin , sending shivers through to my fingertips . 
 i reveled in the feel of his chest against my cheek for a long moment , inhaling the intoxicating scent i had come to realize was caden . 
 finally i pulled back far enough to gaze into his eyes as i curled my arms around his neck . 
 they were just as i had remembered , so vibrantly bluish-green , so unhuman . 
 `` i told you it would . 
 you just needed to believe in yourself . '' 
 he smiled , lifting a hand to hold my chin before leaning forward to press his mouth over mine in a soft kiss . 
 when he broke away , he whispered , `` and now we can be together forever . '' 
 `` forever ? '' 
 forever , with caden . 
 an impossibility before , but now it could n't happen soon enough . 
 `` when ? '' 
 his smile turned my legs to water . 
 `` why not now ? '' 
 something started to burn against my chest . 
 caden 's brow furrowed with confusion as he gazed down . 
 i followed his eyes to the black heart pendant around my neck-the catalyst for my curse-alive with fiery red and orange swirls that danced as they had on ratheus , when they worked to protect me . 
 when they 'd stopped me from being transformed . 
 my stomach tightened with the sickly realization that i could n't have what i wanted . 
 that i could n't be with him . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 how would i explain it to him ? 
 would he wait for me ? 
 a renewed sense of panic washed over me . 
 hesitantly , i looked up ... into the pulsating , blood-red eyes of a thirsty vampire . 
 the same eyes that i had met in the atrium , moments after arriving back with caden . 
 the same eyes that had poisoned all of my memories . 
 i stumbled backward , gasping for air , terror ripping through me as i tried to distance myself . 
 `` join us , '' amelie 's playful voice whispered in my ear . 
 spinning around , i saw the others closing in on me from all sides , their eyes full of that same hunger . 
 for me . 
 my blood . 
 `` i ca n't yet ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 they would kill me before sofie reversed this curse ! 
 i had to get away , to save myself . 
 i stumbled into a run , barely able to stay on my feet . 
 `` join us , '' they whispered , trailing me . 
 `` join us now or die . '' 
 i screamed ... and bolted upright in bed , the sound of my scream ringing in my ears as it bounced off the wood-paneled walls of my tiny room . 
 i was back in the cabin i 'd been exiled to until caden could control his thirst for blood . 
 pulling the duvet up around my chin , i focused on my breathing to slow my heart ; it was thumping so furiously in my chest , i thought it might explode . 
 bad dream ? 
 a concerned voice asked . 
 i turned wide eyes on max , now standing next to my bed . 
 this was all too familiar . 
 my hands flew to the werebeast 's neck , seizing fistfuls of shiny black fur . 
 `` please tell me it was just a nightmare , max . 
 it was n't real , right ? 
 please ! '' 
 i begged , my breathing still ragged , my throat burning as i sucked in icy air . 
 it was just a bad dream , he reassured me somberly . 
 i 've been by your side all night . 
 i exhaled noisily , flopping back into my pillows . 
 `` oh , thank god . '' 
 his deep chuckle filled my head . 
 you 'll never have a regular bad dream again without thinking it 's real , will you ? 
 reaching up , i fumbled with the black heart pendant . 
 `` not while this blasted thing is around my neck . '' 
 the gift from sofie was my death sentence if viggo or mortimer got hold of me . 
 i lay quietly , replaying the nightmare in my head . 
 as horrific as it was , it had allowed me a glimpse into the recesses of my mind , into my memories of caden . 
 memories of what i loved . 
 i needed to hold that in a death grip . 
 if it meant reliving the aftermath , i would do it over and over again , night after night , i realized . 
 but how many times would i wake up to the same inevitable end ? 
 how long would i need to torture myself with that fear before i could put it past me ? 
 staring up at the ceiling , i noticed the cloud billowing above me as my hot breath condensed in the room 's frigid air . 
 i shuddered , pulling the heavy duvet up around my neck to ward off the cold . 
 `` why could n't sofie send us somewhere tropical ? '' 
 i grumbled . 
 max 's deep laughter rumbled inside my head again as he climbed up onto my bed . 
 the bed creaked as if threatening to collapse under his weight , but he did n't seem bothered as he flopped down to take up three-quarters of the mattress and share his body heat . 
 `` so glad i amuse you , '' i said , pushing myself up to sit cocooned within my covers and scan the tiny room , now bathed in wan morning light . 
 a cedar wardrobe sat in one corner and a matching chest of drawers in another , next to the wing chair that leo had occupied earlier . 
 a simple room , sparsely furnished . 
 except for the artwork , i thought , focusing on an oil painting hanging on the wall opposite me . 
 a little blonde girl sat on a swing with two young women , one blonde , the other a redhead , standing to either side behind her , as if both were pushing her . 
 the minty green eyes caught my attention immediately . 
 sofie . 
 swinging my eyes to the other woman , i recognized the face of my mother . 
 there was no doubt . 
 `` sofie painted that ? '' 
 i asked max , my eyes locked on the portrait . 
 yup . 
 and that one . 
 his muzzle swung to the wall directly behind me and i followed it to another oil portrait of two women , standing side by side . 
 i recognized the one on the left as me as i was now , an adult . 
 it could be a mirror image , sofie 's depiction was so accurate . 
 the woman on the right was my mother . 
 seeing us side by side , i now saw my uncanny resemblance to her . 
 it was shocking , how similar we looked , though i had never realized it before . 
 `` how many more of these paintings are there , max ? '' 
 i asked in awe , my focus sliding back and forth between the two faces . 
 he chuckled . 
 think of it as a parent putting up framed pictures of her child . 
 i guessed the answer was `` a lot . '' 
 a shiver ran down my spine , the idea that i had unwittingly modeled as a vampire sorceress 's muse for the past eighteen years unsettling . 
 her favorite place to watch over you was at the park . 
 a second shiver ran down my spine . 
 watch over me . 
 that was sofie . 
 and max . 
 both of them had shadowed me my entire life without my knowledge , watching a child as any parent with severe obsessive tendencies would . 
 `` will she always be there ? '' 
 i asked aloud . 
 until you 're out of danger . 
 and even then , the ties will be tight until ... the end . 
 `` the end , '' i repeated softly , catching the certainty in max 's voice . 
 it was n't a question of if , but of when . 
 i turned to regard max 's golden eyes , too perceptive for any canine . 
 there was sadness in them . 
 `` when is ` the end ' for me , max ? '' 
 silence filled the room as max shut his eyes . 
 i will protect you from vampires and witches with every fiber of my body . 
 but i ca n't protect you from the curse of humans . 
 the curse of expiration . 
 `` you mean just plain getting old ? '' 
 i said , smiling softly . 
 max grunted in assent . 
 join me or die . 
 their whispers suddenly swirled inside my head . 
 i had forgotten until now . 
 i swallowed , then heard myself say aloud , `` not if i become one of them . '' 
 a bizarre form of hope blossomed inside me . 
 why should n't it ? 
 why would i stay human ? 
 there was nothing left to cling to in my human life . 
 i could be one of them and be safe , be with caden and the others forever . 
 if i joined them , sofie and max would n't need to watch over me . 
 i would become the predator . 
 i would n't need to be protected from anyone , including caden . 
 i had n't given it a thought since the first time i 'd questioned sofie about it , weeks earlier . 
 at the time it was hopeless , because the pendant 's magic would n't allow my conversion . 
 but maybe now ... as long as that black heart hangs around your neck , your soul is still entwined with veronique 's , max confirmed . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i touched the pendant again , running my thumb over its smooth surface . 
 somehow i had known that would be the answer . 
 my dream had all but told me . 
 this , the pendant that sofie could n't figure out how to remove , the noose around my neck , ruling my actions , confining me , cursing me , was a prize to everyone else , something desirable , something to kill for . 
 the urge to yank the stupid thing off suddenly overwhelmed me . 
 i needed it off if i wanted any hope for a life-human or vampire . 
 max must have read the despair in my face because he quickly added , if anyone can figure out how to get it off , sofie can . 
 he finished with a reassuring bump against my shoulder . 
 it did n't help . 
 the bed creaked in loud relief as max slid off . 
 you should eat . 
 he strode over to the door and used his mouth to pull the lever handle down . 
 the door swung open . 
 i glanced at the clock on the nightstand . 
 nine-thirty . 
 i had n't eaten in ... forever , it seemed . 
 beside the clock lay my stack of four by six photos of my friends that sofie had developed for me-the only thing i had to hold onto , now that my memories were infiltrated with demon-red eyes . 
 i gingerly collected the pictures and slid out of bed , shuddering again as the cool air enveloped my body . 
 i quickly wrapped myself in the plush white velour robe that hung on the bedpost at the bottom of the bed , and slid my feet into the matching slippers . 
 max led me out into the hallway and past six closed bedroom doors on the way to the stairs . 
 not a cough or a whisper came from any of them . 
 it was eerily silent for a cabin containing this many people . 
 we stepped from the dimly lit staircase into the great room , now warmed by sunshine streaming in from various vast windows and a skylight tucked between the thick wood beams supporting a cathedral ceiling . 
 this way , max called , heading past the rustic dining table toward the back of the room , where i could hear pots and pans clanking together . 
 i rounded the corner and stepped into the delicious , earthy aroma of a rich soup stock . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 leo sat at a small table with a cup of coffee in one hand and a wildlife magazine in the other . 
 relaxing in the wooden chair with his legs crossed , wearing a red and black plaid shirt , he looked completely at ease . 
 a night 's sleep had faded the dark circles under his eyes . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 he offered , sliding a full mug my way before i could answer . 
 i smiled and nodded , letting my eyes rove the kitchen . 
 all the luxuries of viggo and mortimer 's urban kitchen were there-the cappuccino maker , the industrial gas stove and grill , a large refrigerator-but the string of garlic cloves hanging from a nail in the wall and the butcher block counter cluttered with bottles and jars of various spices and oils gave it a rustic air . 
 magda and two other staffers hovered over various pots on the stove , the source of that delicious smell , no doubt . 
 i found it remarkable that these women , magically wrenched from their accustomed environment yesterday and exiled into these mountains , continued with their daily duties as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened . 
 i wondered if they had any clue what was going on . 
 either way , they did n't seem bothered . 
 `` we have twelve hungry mouths to feed up here , '' leo exclaimed as if reading my mind . 
 `` go on , take a seat . '' 
 he pushed a chair out with one foot . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` for the most part . 
 thanks for ... whatever you did . '' 
 he winked at me , then returned his attention to his magazine . 
 i glanced at the giant brown grizzly on the cover . 
 the image stirred memories of big brown and a wave of sadness washed over me . 
 big brown had been bishop 's ferocious pet , created to serve as my protector . 
 the evil council leader , mage , had killed him when she entrapped caden . 
 `` i guess we do n't get regular mail deliveries here ? '' 
 i said , noting the issue 's publication date-1992 . 
 not exactly current . 
 leo chuckled . 
 `` no . 
 i suppose we do n't . '' 
 he sipped his coffee , eyeing me over the rim of his mug . 
 i studied the cover some more , noting the subhead locate the world 's remaining grizzly population . 
 `` so , '' i asked , `` are there any grizzlies in these mountains ? '' 
 leo 's eyebrows arched . 
 `` hoping for a clue as to where we are ? '' 
 `` no ... '' yes . 
 `` hmm . 
 you know there 's a map in here , indicating where the world 's grizzlies exist . 
 they 're in only a few locations around the world . 
 so if i told you there were grizzlies here , you could quickly deduce where we are , right ? '' 
 do n't try to outsmart him . 
 he 's a wily old man , max warned from his spot behind me . 
 `` yes , i 've noticed , '' i grumbled , pouring a heaping teaspoon of sugar into my coffee . 
 leo exploded in laughter , his eyes shifting between max and me . 
 he must have caught the gist of our secret conversation . 
 after a moment i could n't help giggling as well , caught in leo 's infectious spirit . 
 he put the magazine down . 
 `` how do eggs and bacon sound ? '' 
 i nodded eagerly . 
 `` yummy . '' 
 as if waiting for the signal , magda abandoned the wooden ladle in her pot and grabbed a frying pan from the hanging rack . 
 in seconds , she had two eggs sizzling . 
 hands hugging my coffee mug , i rose from my chair and wandered over to a giant window that displayed a mountain view both breathtaking and daunting . 
 the valleys and sea of trees below us told me we were at a high altitude , yet distant mountains towered over us . 
 spying a frosted thermometer to one side of the window i leaned in , and found the mercury buried at the minus sixty degree fahrenheit mark . 
 i shivered reflexively . 
 `` sit ! '' 
 magda instructed in her brusque accent . 
 a plate thumped down on the table behind me . 
 `` your food is ready . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i smiled at her as i headed back to the table . 
 her head bobbed once , the only indication that she 'd heard me . 
 she moved immediately to another task , tossing a cutting board 's worth of chopped potatoes into a pot of simmering water . 
 i devoured breakfast , using my toast to sop up the yolk from my eggs and accepting a second helping of bacon . 
 i noticed leo watching from the corner of his eye while pretending to read his magazine , an amused but relieved smirk on his face . 
 `` good ! 
 i 'm glad i do n't have to worry about you being too miserable to eat , '' he commented as i set my fork down , finished . 
 i smiled , gathered my dishes , and carried them to the sink . 
 magda 's helper , a middle-aged , mousy woman named martha , politely shooed me away , whisking the dishes out of my hand before i had a chance to wash them . 
 `` they are working for you now , per sofie 's instructions , '' leo explained . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i smiled at magda , whose eyes flicked to me before refocusing on her pot . 
 i felt my cheeks burn , and wondered what they thought of me . 
 i did n't need servants , but i knew refusing was out of the question , so i did n't bother . 
 i turned to leo . 
 `` okay , what now ? '' 
 what did a person do to kill time when they were exiled in the wilderness ? 
 `` relax ! 
 enjoy life , '' leo murmured , waving his hand dismissively toward the great room . 
 `` there 're plenty of books to read . '' 
 taking the hint , i left the kitchen 's delicious aroma , my giant werebeast in tow , as usual . 
 `` do n't you need to eat ? '' 
 i asked over my shoulder . 
 i 'm ready to gnaw someone 's arm off but i 'll go later , when the others get back . 
 we go in shifts so someone 's always around here , he explained . 
 `` why ? 
 it 's not like anyone 's going to find us . '' 
 stranger things have happened . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 like talking telepathically to a werebeast who 'd decided to switch masters . 
 or being cursed and sent to another world . 
 or falling madly in love with a vampire who then tried to kill me . 
 my life was all about the strange . 
 i rounded the corner to find a dark-haired guy standing and staring out a window , a small hardcover book in his hand . 
 julian . 
 he half turned at the sound of my footsteps . 
 speaking of gnawing on arms , max muttered . 
 `` good morning , '' i said cheerily , ignoring my hungry werebeast 's subtle threat . 
 suddenly conscious of my fuzzy pink pajamas , i pulled the ties of my robe tighter . 
 there was no need . 
 julian turned back to gaze out the window without a word , leaving me to stare at the back of his raven-haired head . 
 not surprising . 
 the young colombian had yet to show a side that challenged sofie 's derogatory opinion of him . 
 he and his sister , valentina , were part of viggo and mortimer 's beard family-a cover for their existence and their lavish home on fifth avenue . 
 i had practically begged that they be protected from viggo 's deadly grip , the only reason sofie had n't left them in that death trap . 
 i would n't waste my energy on that one , max said . 
 i sighed and walked over to scan titles on the bookshelf beside the fireplace , obedient to leo 's instruction to relax . 
 i noticed that one shelf housed every single one of my favorite novels , and a small metal sign posted on the shelf identified them as evangeline 's picks . 
 i smiled . 
 the other shelves were full of unfamiliar titles , surely chosen by sofie for that very reason . 
 i grabbed a book with a plum cover and took a step back , only to bump into max , who had edged up behind me . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i whispered in exasperation , turning to see the dog eyeing julian . 
 i followed his gaze to find julian 's attention on us . 
 on me . 
 our eyes locked . 
 it was the first time i had ever looked at him dead on . 
 sofie was right-he was really good-looking in that tall , dark , and latin way . 
 for a second i thought he would speak . 
 but then his brow knitted into a scowl and he turned back to gaze out at the snow , leaving me staring awkwardly at his back for the second time . 
 being in exile with him is going to be long and painful . 
 at least valentina was here . 
 i had only met her the one time , but she seemed nice enough . 
 my eyes wandered around the room , looking for something else to fix my attention on . 
 they quickly zoned in on three oil paintings on the opposite wall . 
 yesterday , distracted with my abrupt arrival and the following revelations , i had n't noticed the paintings . 
 now i had time to study them . 
 each one depicted a little blonde girl in a different scenario . 
 me . 
 me jumping through puddles ; me playing with my dolls ; me petting a speckled gray pomeranian . 
 glancing around the room , i found two more that were very clearly of me . 
 `` you were n't kidding , max , '' i murmured under my breath , waves of shock rippling through my body . 
 i glanced at max and saw something close to a grin on his muzzle . 
 did n't anyone tell you that vampires can be a tad obsessive ? 
 sofie was ... obsessed with me ? 
 with a heavy sigh , i headed to a lounge chair beside the stone hearth and pulled my legs up to sit cross-legged . 
 `` relax and enjoy life , '' i whispered to myself again , as if repeating leo 's words enough would somehow make this feel like a vacation . 
 maybe i 'd get to enjoy all two hundred-odd books , given that i 'd be `` relaxing and enjoying life '' in this asylum for years , i thought bitterly as i cracked the cover . 
 the faint new book scent that wafted from its pages soothed me , at least . 
 after restarting the first page a dozen times , i realized i would n't be putting a dent in my personal reading challenge any time soon . 
 my attention kept drifting to new york ... how far away was i from caden ? 
 was it day or night there ? 
 what was happening ? 
 had caden 's feelings for me changed ? 
 `` what the - '' julian 's low mutter distracted me from my musings . 
 i quietly shut my book and looked his way . 
 he had n't moved from his spot and he was intent on something outside . 
 a moment later the side door opened and valentina stepped through , her normally olive-colored cheeks glowing a vibrant red and her big brown eyes glassy-looking from the frigid temperatures . 
 she wore nothing to protect her from the elements but mitts , a light sweater , and a pair of boots , the undone laces dragging as she walked . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 julian exploded , storming toward his little sister . 
 `` what were you doing out there ? 
 you could have frozen to death ! '' 
 `` i went for a quick walk . 
 it 's pleasant out , '' valentina answered excitedly in that high-pitched , childish voice of hers . 
 i felt my eyes widen with shock at the same time that julian 's did . 
 how anyone without a balaclava and a fur-lined body suit could ever call minus sixty degrees `` pleasant '' was beyond my understanding . 
 `` i have to agree , valentina , '' leo said sternly in his irish brogue as he entered the room . 
 `` only an idiot goes out in these temperatures without good reason . 
 do n't leave this cabin again without being properly dressed , and only with someone 's knowledge . '' 
 valentina turned to regard leo , her bright eyes narrowing ever so slightly with displeasure before they relaxed . 
 `` okay , '' she agreed , smiling sweetly . 
 if leo 's severe reprimand ruffled her , i could n't tell . 
 `` why would you ... '' julian 's voice drifted off and he shook his head at his foolish sister one last time before turning to leo , his expression wary . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , but hesitated . 
 `` do you know what happened to our parents ? '' 
 he finally asked , his tone more respectful than yesterday 's . 
 leo 's blunt threat must have forced him to check his cockiness . 
 the wrinkles in leo 's heavily creased forehead deepened . 
 he nodded . 
 `` that 's why i came in here . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` unfortunately , your parents did n't survive . 
 there were just too many ... of them to control . '' 
 `` too many ? '' 
 julian repeated , confusion in his eyes . 
 he had n't seen the horde of ratheus vampires appear , i realized . 
 he had been inside . 
 the guy really had no idea what had happened . 
 `` they died quickly , if that 's any consolation . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 contrasted with his callousness the day before , leo 's soft tone indicated authenticity . 
 i noticed he would n't use the term `` vampires , '' though everyone in the room knew exactly what they were . 
 i hazarded a glance at julian to see hollow shock in the eyes that stared back at leo . 
 instantly , i pitied him . 
 i knew what he was feeling . 
 it had consumed me only five years ago , the night i received news of my mother 's death . 
 he was now an orphan . 
 at least he still had his sister ... julian 's brown eyes slowly slid first to the dogs , then to me . 
 the muscles in his jaw tightened . 
 `` how are you involved in this ? '' 
 he asked , barely above a whisper . 
 max was instantly between us , his lips curling back to expose razor-sharp teeth . 
 he snarled a warning . 
 `` calm down , max , '' i said sharply . 
 there was no need . 
 max 's ferocity-normally enough to make anyone wary-went unnoticed . 
 julian continued to stare at me with haunted eyes . 
 when he spoke again , it was more to himself than anyone else . 
 `` they will all die . 
 every last one of them . '' 
 with that he stormed off , his words a swift kick to my stomach . 
 movement beside me drew my eye . 
 valentina peeled off her sweater and tossed it haphazardly over a chair as she walked over to the couch nearest to me . 
 she seemed surprisingly ... fine . 
 i hesitated . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked as gently as possible , moving to sit beside her . 
 i had n't spoken to her since the day i helped her up from the cobblestones after her fainting spell . 
 confusion flashed in her bright doe eyes while she worked to comprehend my meaning . 
 `` oh ! 
 you mean because of my parents ? 
 yeah , i 'm fine . 
 i figured they were dead . '' 
 a small sound escaped me and my jaw dropped . 
 had i heard her wrong ? 
 she must have realized how callous she sounded , because she quickly added , `` i was so sad last night that i cried myself to sleep . 
 it 's out of my system now . '' 
 her tone held zero sincerity . 
 how could anyone be over their parents ' deaths in a night ? 
 shock ! 
 that 's how ! 
 i finally realized . 
 that was the only explanation . 
 i glanced over at leo ; he wore a perplexed frown . 
 good ; it was n't just me who found the entire exchange strange . 
 shaking his head , he walked back toward the kitchen , muttering under his breath . 
 i thought i caught the word `` fool , '' but i could n't be sure . 
 she 's not right in the head , max mumbled . 
 and she smells ... off . 
 i shot a disapproving look at the giant dog . 
 of course she was n't right in the head . 
 she 'd just found out both her parents were murdered by vampires ! 
 with a heavy groan , max dropped to the ground in front of the fireplace and closed his eyes . 
 i knew he was still listening intently . 
 `` what 're you reading ? '' 
 valentina asked , eyeing the book i still clutched . 
 before i could answer , she spied the deck of photos sitting on the coffee table . 
 a picture of caden sat on top . 
 `` oh . 
 he 's hot ! '' 
 she reached over to grab the photo . 
 the sleeve of her black shirt slid up , revealing what looked like a fresh burn on her forearm . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i exclaimed , wincing as i leaned in to inspect the wound , at least four inches long and two inches wide . 
 a large red x was branded in the center . 
 she quickly pushed her sleeve back down , mumbling , `` i got too close to the wood stove . '' 
 i winced again . 
 `` do you want leo to look at it ? 
 i 'm sure he could help you . '' 
 i started to rise , ready to fetch the warlock for his magical healing powers . 
 `` no , i 'm fine ! '' 
 she vigorously waved caden 's picture in front of my face , forcing my focus away from her arm . 
 `` who 's he ? '' 
 i smiled shyly . 
 `` that 's caden . '' 
 `` is he a vampire ? '' 
 i hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` he 's really good-looking . 
 does he have a girlfriend ? '' 
 `` um ... '' yeah , me . 
 except he tried to kill me . 
 inconsequential point , really . 
 what was he to me now ? 
 a boyfriend-in-waiting with a bad habit he needed to kick before he could be anywhere near me ? 
 how pathetic . 
 i felt my cheeks flush . 
 `` oh ... '' she smiled knowingly . 
 `` too bad for me . '' 
 she leaned back on the couch , crossing her arms behind her head . 
 her wound did n't seem to bother her and she certainly was n't acting like she 'd just found out her parents had been murdered , even if shock was numbing her reaction . 
 she seemed ... triumphant . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` yup ! 
 hey , do you know why we 're here ? '' 
 valentina shifted in her seat . 
 `` i 'm assuming that witch , sofie , is involved , but i have no idea why . '' 
 i heard bitterness as sofie 's name touched her lips , but it was so brief that i barely noticed it . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` because of me . '' 
 valentina 's thin , perfectly-shaped eyebrow arched . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i blurted under a wave of guilt . 
 `` it 's my fault you 're here and that your parents are dead . 
 i was supposed to bring a vampire back for viggo and mortimer so they could - '' hey ! 
 max 's sharp warning cut my words short . 
 do n't tell her a thing ! 
 i turned to regard the paranoid werebeast . 
 `` seriously , max , who 's she going to tell out here ? '' 
 she 's on a need-to-know basis and she does n't need to know . 
 when i turned back , valentina 's eyes looked as if they were about to pop out of their sockets . 
 i realized what i must look like to her . 
 `` i 'm not crazy ! 
 i really can talk to him , '' i said . 
 `` how ? 
 i mean , i knew he was n't normal but ... '' she whispered , looking at the dog with a mixture of intrigue and concern . 
 look who 's talking , max grumbled sarcastically . 
 `` telepathically . 
 well , only one way . 
 i can hear him in my head but he ca n't hear me . 
 i have n't figured it out yet . 
 anyway , no one can explain it . 
 it just happened . '' 
 `` but , you 're ... human , right ? '' 
 she continued in a whisper , her brown eyes still wide . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i added with a chuckle , `` at least i think so . '' 
 `` wow . 
 that 's the coolest thing ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` does he have any other special powers ? 
 is he magical ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if magical is the right word for him . 
 but he does regenerate like a human vampire and he does n't age . '' 
 okay . 
 enough about me , max interjected . 
 `` what 's he saying now ? '' 
 she asked eagerly . 
 `` what has he said about me ? '' 
 max 's deep , sarcastic chuckle boomed in my head . 
 `` umm ... '' i squirmed , searching for a lie . 
 `` he thinks you 're really nice . '' 
 and brainless . 
 do n't forget brainless , max added . 
 i ignored him . 
 he was n't normally this rude . 
 he must be really hungry . 
 `` aw . 
 that 's so sweet . '' 
 she leapt off the couch and skipped over to pat max 's head , earning a disapproving grunt . 
 `` what 's he 's saying now ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 he 's purring like a kitten , '' i answered , cutting off the voice in my head and grinning at the big beast . 
 i stood , afraid i 'd have to use my body as a shield for valentina any second . 
 but max clambered to his feet and walked to the opposite corner of the giant room to gaze out the window . 
 `` so , '' valentina continued , `` you were saying this is your fault ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 i hesitated at another sharp warning from max . 
 `` i made a mistake and we were in danger . 
 sofie saved us . '' 
 `` but why 'd she send us here ? '' 
 `` because i have something viggo and mortimer want and i ca n't give it to them yet . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 her brown eyes widened with excitement . 
 `` i ... '' i hesitated , glancing over at max , who watched us intently . 
 do not tell her . 
 the less people who know , the better . 
 please . 
 i could n't miss the pleading in max 's voice now . 
 i decided to listen to him . 
 `` i ... um ... ca n't say . 
 sorry . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` that 's okay . '' 
 but she sounded disappointed . 
 as if deciding to probe from a different angle , she asked , `` what do they need with the thing you have ? '' 
 `` my , you ask a lot of questions , '' leo interrupted as he strode back in to the great room . 
 `` more than evangeline , and i did n't think that was possible . '' 
 my thoughts exactly , max called from his corner . 
 valentina gave leo a tight-lipped smile . 
 `` why do n't you go check on your brother ? 
 at least one of you is suffering appropriately , '' he suggested . 
 what is wrong with these two ? 
 i shot leo a disapproving frown . 
 valentina had just found out her parents were dead . 
 they could show a little more compassion . 
 `` i 'm sure he 's fine . 
 i 'm going to take a nap . '' 
 with that , valentina took off , leaving me gaping at her slender back as she climbed the stairs . 
 `` people sure deal with shock in different ways , do n't they , '' i murmured absently . 
 `` i 'm beginning to think it would have been wiser to leave them with their parents in new york , '' leo muttered , settling in one of the armchairs across from me . 
 at the mention of new york , something suddenly clicked . 
 news of their parents ' death and the guilt i felt for my part in it had distracted me-until now . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 my exclamation drew leo 's gray hawk eyes to me . 
 `` how did you know his parents were dead ? '' 
 leo 's lips twisted into a smile . 
 `` i was wondering how long your curious mind would take to pick up on that . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` remember the communication spells i told you about ? '' 
 i nodded , dropping back into my chair . 
 `` well ... ? '' 
 leo lifted an eyebrow and waited . 
 when i finally put two and two together , i gasped . 
 `` you 've talked to sofie ! '' 
 i lunged forward and grabbed his withered hands . 
 `` what 's happening out there ? 
 is caden alive ? 
 is he mad at me ? '' 
 leo gave me a reproachful glare . 
 `` why on earth would he be mad at you ? 
 give your head a shake , silly girl . '' 
 i averted sheepish eyes . 
 `` because i told him it would be fine , and it was n't . 
 worse , i think he actually believed me . '' 
 i looked back up into leo 's eyes , now full of pity . 
 `` are they okay ? '' 
 the old man squeezed my hands . 
 `` yes . 
 they are fine . 
 struggling , as is expected , but still alive ... so to speak . '' 
 `` have they ... '' i struggled to move my next words past a painful lump in my throat . 
 leo continued softly , `` they 're doing whatever they need to , in order to survive . 
 let 's leave it at that . '' 
 he released my hand and patted my head , accompanying that with a sympathetic smile . 
 then he leaned back in his chair , pulled the wilderness magazine out from under his arm , and flipped it open , clearly signaling the end of the conversation . 
 accepting that , i opened my own book , but savored a small burst of joy at the news that caden and the others were still alive , that viggo and mortimer had n't killed sofie . 
 they 're doing whatever they need to , in order to survive , leo had said . 
 that meant drinking blood . 
 but whose blood ? 
 aside from julian and valentina 's parents , of course . 
 i shuddered at the vivid images that conjured . 
 my choices , my needs , had left julian and valentina orphans . 
 and what about rachel ? 
 was she still hog-tied by merth , or roaming free ? 
 free to murder my friends or sofie , as soon as her psychopathic mind decided it was a good idea ... those lemon-yellow eyes flashed in my mind . 
 my stomach tightened at the memory of her clawing at caden , back when she believed they were a couple . 
 caden had told me she was the most dangerous vampire i 'd ever meet . 
 and now i had brought her to earth , to leave plenty more orphans in her wake . 
 `` oh , muffins ! '' 
 leo exclaimed with over-exaggerated glee , yanking me from my fretting . 
 my nose caught a delicious scent as magda slid a tray of freshly baked muffins onto the dining room table , and i realized he was being literal . 
 `` come , evangeline . 
 you must be starving . '' 
 `` not really , '' i mumbled . 
 he jumped up and , grabbing my hand , pulled me toward the mountain of warm , soft treats-no doubt hoping to distract me . 
 leo did n't wait for me to choose one ; he handed me a chocolate chip muffin with a wink , knowing full-well it was my favorite kind . 
 that same odd mixture of creepiness and flattery raised my short hairs . 
 they 'd catalogued my every like and dislike . 
 i was n't hungry , but i knew who might be . 
 impulsively , i grabbed another and a bottle of water and headed to the staircase , certain that my peace offering would do little to alleviate the pain that i had caused , but needing to do it all the same . 
 `` i would n't , if i were you ... '' leo called , finishing with a cluck of disapproval . 
 i turned to answer him and jumped , startled , as a canine face appeared immediately behind me . 
 max , already on my heels . 
 `` i was just going to get changed . '' 
 `` sure you were . '' 
 leo smirked , shaking his head as he took a bite of his own muffin . 
 max 's razor-sharp claws clicked against the hardwood steps as he trailed me up the stairs . 
 i breathed in the mingled scent of cedar and muffins . 
 under normal circumstances i would find the aroma comforting but now , as i headed toward the one person under this roof whom i should avoid-whom i 'd been told to stay away from-my stomach churned . 
 none of this was your fault , you know , max said . 
 `` i know , '' i lied , then added , `` he 's just lost his parents , max . 
 no one should be alone . '' 
 perhaps i 'd be proven wrong soon enough . 
 do n't expect a nice reception because you 're giving him a muffin , max continued wryly . 
 `` he ca n't be worse than rachel ... which room is his ? '' 
 i asked , looking down the long hall with three doors on either side and one on the end , which i knew was mine . 
 with a loud , dramatic sigh , max answered . 
 last door on the left . 
 i walked up to it and , holding my breath , knocked timidly . 
 no answer . 
 i knocked again , this time harder . 
 `` what ? '' 
 an angry male voice barked from the other side , sending waves of tension through me . 
 i opened my mouth to speak but choked , no clue what to say now that i was here . 
 it was me who brought back the vampires who killed your parents . 
 here 's a muffin ... i warned you , max sang . 
 `` back off , max . 
 you 're crowding me , '' i snapped . 
 the giant dog grudgingly took three steps back but then set his stance , making it clear he was n't budging an inch farther . 
 `` and not so much as a snort out of you ! '' 
 i whispered harshly as heavy footsteps approached on the other side of the door . 
 the door flew open . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 julian snapped , glaring at me with red-rimmed eyes . 
 has he been crying ? 
 my heart swelled . 
 so he is capable of normal human emotions . 
 when i did n't answer , his jaw tightened . 
 he stepped back and moved to slam the door in my face . 
 `` here ! '' 
 i blurted , thrusting the muffins and water toward him . 
 `` i thought you might be hungry , '' i added in a rush . 
 he paused and looked down at my offering , then up at me . 
 finally he accepted it . 
 `` i thought valentina would bring me something . 
 she usually does ... '' his voice drifted off and he frowned . 
 `` she was acting really weird earlier , '' i agreed . 
 `` it 's just shock . 
 she went to rest . '' 
 we stood in awkward silence for a few moments . 
 `` i also wanted to make sure you were okay , '' i added hesitantly . 
 despite my gentle concern , he lashed out at me . 
 `` i just found out my parents were murdered . '' 
 the glower had returned . 
 `` so , no , i 'm not alright . 
 but you would n't know anything about that , would you ? '' 
 `` actually ... i do . '' 
 at least i had one thing in common with the colombian drug lord 's son . 
 what a terrible thing to have in common . 
 the stark shock on his face told me he had n't expected that answer . 
 my hands , now empty , fidgeted nervously as his eyes bored into me . 
 when he spoke again , the hostile edge had dulled a little . 
 `` by them ? '' 
 i assumed viggo could be categorized in the `` them '' group so i nodded , offering him a small , sympathetic smile . 
 he stared at me in silence for another long , awkward moment . 
 then he stepped back into his room . 
 i expected the door to slam in my face . 
 instead , he said , `` you can come in , but not with that thing . 
 and shut the door behind you . '' 
 a deep grunt behind me preceded max 's declaration : you 're not going in there alone . 
 `` max , i 'll be fine , '' i assured him in a whisper . 
 `` you need to let go of whatever issues you have with julian and make peace . 
 we 're going to be in these mountains for a long time . '' 
 after a pause , max relented . 
 i 'm right here , listening . 
 if i hear the smallest threat , i 'll bust this door down and tear his head off . 
 `` that 's very sweet of you , max , '' i murmured sarcastically as i stepped into julian 's room and shut the door as instructed , much to max 's annoyance . 
 this room was smaller than mine , but it had the same cedar-paneled walls , slanted ceiling , and chest of drawers in the corner . 
 a small single bed was positioned under the window , with an oil lamp on a simple pine nightstand beside it . 
 julian stood about five feet away from me . 
 he placed his food on the chest of drawers , then turned to face me . 
 he began unbuttoning his black and green-checkered shirt . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i blurted , averting my eyes . 
 what 's going on in there ? 
 max called suspiciously ; i envisioned the dog 's massive head pressed up against the door . 
 my embarrassment brought a chuckle to julian 's lips . 
 so he 's capable of laughing , too . 
 `` relax , '' he said . 
 `` you 're not my type . 
 i need to change into that . '' 
 he jerked his chin toward the bed . 
 still avoiding his bare chest , my eyes darted to a pair of long johns , several layers of warm clothing , gloves , and a balaclava lying on his bed . 
 `` oh , you 're going for ... a hike ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` more like as far away from here as possible , '' julian confirmed , dropping his shirt onto the floor , giving me ample opportunity to see his tanned , lean torso . 
 it did n't generate the same reaction i 'd had when seeing caden with his shirt off for the first time , but i had to admit , julian was pretty attractive , even if he was a world-class jerk . 
 he paused to pick up the half-eaten muffin on his nightstand and inhale the rest of it . 
 `` um ... '' i began , directing my eyes to the wall behind him , where a painting of a little blonde girl walking down a sidewalk hung . 
 good god , i 'm everywhere ! 
 i gave my head a quick shake . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
 it 's dangerous out there , in the mountains . 
 i 'm pretty sure there are grizzlies , '' i added for embellishment . 
 `` ca n't be any more dangerous than staying here with that lunatic butler and those freak mutts . '' 
 he leaned over to grab the long john top and began pulling it over his head . 
 `` but we 're a long way away from anyone else . '' 
 `` who told you that , leo ? 
 i do n't buy it . 
 there 's probably a ski lodge on the other side of the ridge . 
 how else would all this stuff get up here ? '' 
 with his undershirt on , he began pulling on a second layer-a blue wool turtleneck . 
 `` no , there probably is n't ! '' 
 i retorted , panicking as i realized that julian was about to walk to his death for the simple fact that he had no clue what he was a part of . 
 `` you do n't know sofie . 
 we are nowhere near anyone . 
 i guarantee it . 
 she made sure of it . 
 she does n't want us to be found ! '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he turned to look at me . 
 i faltered . 
 `` she ... has her reasons . '' 
 he reached back to grab a black sweater . 
 `` well , i 'm not waiting around to find out what those reasons are . '' 
 he added more sarcastically , `` they 'll all be lies anyway . '' 
 `` but julian , you have no idea where we are ! '' 
 `` yes , that 's exactly my point , ev-what 's your name again ? '' 
 `` evangeline . '' 
 `` that 's my point , evangeline . '' 
 he continued to speak as he yanked the sweater over his head . 
 `` one minute i 'm in manhattan and the next minute i 'm in the mountains in the middle of nowhere , my parents are dead , and no one will tell me a damn thing ! 
 do you know what it 's like to know you 're being lied to ? '' 
 i burst out in a laugh before i could control myself . 
 my hand flew to my mouth in an attempt to contain it , and knowing i must look like a complete ass , i glanced shyly his way . 
 he was glowering at me again . 
 `` i 'm sorry , it 's just ... i know exactly what it 's like to be lied to by everyone around me . '' 
 yet again , surprise flashed over julian 's face . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` how are you involved in this ? '' 
 evangeline . 
 i ignored the warning . 
 `` it 's ... a really long story and i ca n't tell you a lot of it . '' 
 i saw disappointment flicker in his eyes and the sudden , overpowering urge to confess my contribution to his parents ' death , even if not intentional , took over . 
 at least i could tell him that much . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about your parents . 
 i did n't mean to bring all those other vampires home with me . 
 it was just supposed to be my friends . '' 
 `` your friends ? '' 
 julian asked slowly , quietly . 
 i nodded before his icy tone registered in my mind . 
 `` your vampire friends ? '' 
 when i saw his eyes narrow to slits , i knew i had made a mistake . 
 `` i thought you might be a hostage ... but you 're friends with those leeches ! '' 
 julian suddenly screamed , his face twisting with rage as he stepped toward me . 
 i do n't know what his intentions were and i did n't find out because the door exploded into dozens of splinters and max barreled through , sending me stumbling to the side before regaining my balance . 
 when i had , i saw julian pinned against the wall with max 's nose pressed up against his collarbone . 
 hackles raised , teeth bared , max growled so low , he sounded more like a bear than a dog `` max ! 
 do n't ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 max did n't move away . 
 in fact , i think he may have edged closer . 
 his fangs were inches away from julian 's throat and i knew he would tear it out at the slightest provocation . 
 i 'd seen firsthand what this werebeast was capable of when protecting me . 
 `` max , please do n't ! '' 
 i pleaded , tears welling in my eyes now . 
 `` there 's been enough death because of me . 
 i ca n't take any more ! '' 
 my words silenced max immediately . 
 he shuffled back to stand next to me , his eyes never leaving julian . 
 not that there was anything to worry about-julian remained pressed up against the wall as if max 's fangs still held him there , his face as white as the snow outside . 
 `` get out , '' he finally whispered hoarsely , eyes wide with terror and acutely aware of how close to death he had just come . 
 `` leave me alone . 
 please . '' 
 i nodded , shoving max none too gently ahead of me as i bolted out of the room . 
 i scampered down the stairs two at a time . 
 `` did that make you feel better ? '' 
 leo asked when i re-entered the great room ; i heard the `` i told you so '' in his smug tone . 
 he stood in front of the bookshelves , leafing through a new magazine , this one with cheetahs on the cover . 
 i did n't answer him at first . 
 i walked stiffly over to the dining table to grab a bottle of water . 
 only when i tried to unscrew the cap did i realize that my hand was shaking violently . 
 it was n't about feeling better , i decided as i took a swig of water . 
 as disturbing as it was to admit to myself , i could n't help but feel some sort of connection to julian . 
 we had so much in common-both lied to and both orphans at the hands of vampires . 
 if there was ever anyone i could feel a kinship with in this world , it would be him . 
 i swallowed my mouthful of water and wiped a dribble from my chin before answering leo . 
 `` his parents were murdered and he 's been thrown into a world he has no clue about . 
 sound familiar ? '' 
 after a long pause , leo inclined his head in assent and said no more , instead scanning the titles of the magazines on one of the bookshelves . 
 i slowly walked over to stare out the bay window at the wintry abyss . 
 i swore it could n't be any later than mid-afternoon , yet it was getting dark . 
 it would be nightfall soon . 
 treacherous for a human . 
 `` and he 's thinking of running away , '' i warned , branding myself a tattler . 
 `` out there ! '' 
 `` that 'd solve one of my problems , '' leo mumbled . 
 `` leo ! 
 his parents are dead because of me ! 
 yes , they may have been ogres , but still ! 
 and if julian goes out there , he 'll die too . '' 
 a sudden swarm of emotions made my eyes burn . 
 `` everyone 's dying because of me . '' 
 pity flickered across leo 's face . 
 he walked over and patted me on the shoulder . 
 `` sometimes i forget you 're not accustomed to this dark world we 've forced upon you ... he 's not going anywhere . 
 the dogs will keep guard . '' 
 i 'll guard him , alright , max muttered indignantly . 
 i 'll guard him right off a cliff . 
 now it was my turn to glower , at my guard dog . 
 `` max , i 'm having a hard time dealing with all of this . 
 can you stop being so ... you ? '' 
 i whirled away , stopping with my back to him . 
 `` why do n't you go and get some fresh air , max , '' leo suggested , walking over to open the side door . 
 i knew what that meant : go kill something . 
 probably a good idea . 
 he had n't gone hunting since we arrived . 
 in my peripheral vision , i watched max slink out the open door , leaving behind an air of rejection and a brisk chill that had crept inside with his exit . 
 guilt drew creases on my forehead . 
 toughen up , evangeline . 
 `` now , what set julian off , exactly ? '' 
 leo asked as he pushed the door closed . 
 `` i told him i 'm friends with vampires , '' i mumbled , pulling my stack of pictures out of my pocket once again . 
 i flopped down on the couch , no longer interested in conversation . 
 leo took the hint and focused on feeding the flames in the fireplace with more wood . 
 i flipped through the entire stack , recalling the nights with my friends . 
 they were the best days of my life . 
 now i had to be kept away from them because they 'd kill me . 
 could i even call them friends anymore ? 
 as long as i was human , i would never be safe around them . 
 i flipped through the pictures three times before resting the stack on my chest and closing my eyes . 
 i was far from falling asleep so i simply lay there , listening to the soft crackles of the fire in the silence of the cabin . 
 my eyes were still closed when an eerie scratching sounded against the side door . 
 i sat up immediately , my body rigid . 
 `` oh , not to worry . '' 
 leo chuckled , walking over to turn the knob . 
 `` it 's just max . '' 
 he yanked the door open and a large black rump backed inside . 
 it was max , alright . 
 `` what the ... '' leo muttered . 
 max was dragging something in with him . 
 a body . 
 julian . 
 i found him about a mile from here , waist-deep in snow , max reported , gripping julian 's jacket in his teeth . 
 leo rushed to grab julian under his armpits . 
 together , they dragged the still body over to lie beside the fire . 
 i jumped off the couch and dove to his side , peering closely at him . 
 not a moan escaped him . 
 no movement . 
 `` how did - '' i began , then scrunched my face up in thought . 
 had i fallen asleep after all ? 
 had julian snuck past us and left ? 
 or ... i shot a questioning look at leo , my eyes narrowing with suspicion . 
 he went out the window , max quickly confirmed . 
 i found prints leading from there . 
 he must have pried it open and scaled down the wall . 
 `` determined fool , '' leo murmured , crouching down to inspect julian 's pewter-colored lips . 
 `` is he ... '' i could n't finish . 
 a hollow bubble grew inside me . 
 another death . 
 `` he 's not well , that 's for sure . '' 
 leo hovered over him , his hands floating inches above his face . 
 `` not well at all . 
 go and get some blankets and a pillow . '' 
 i was on my feet and running up the stairs two at a time toward julian 's room . 
 sure enough , i felt chill air the second i rounded the corner . 
 i stopped at the shattered door and looked into the bedroom . 
 the window still sat open a crack . 
 i scrambled inside , scooped the duvet and pillows from the bed , and half-dragged , half-carried them out of his room . 
 only when i was running down the hall did i remember his sister . 
 she needed to know ! 
 `` valentina ? '' 
 i called , my eyes roaming the hallway , wondering which room was hers . 
 no answer . 
 `` valentina ! 
 you need to come quickly ! '' 
 my voice faltered for only a moment . 
 `` it 's julian ! '' 
 `` i 'm sleeping , '' valentina called groggily . 
 where had that come from ? 
 second door on the right . 
 i grabbed the knob and turned it , only to hear a thud and feel resistance on the other side . 
 something was barricading the door . 
 `` i said i 'm sleeping ! '' 
 valentina shouted . 
 `` but it 's your - '' `` leave me alone ! '' 
 she screeched , making me jump two steps back . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 leo bellowed desperately from below . 
 `` coming ! '' 
 i ran back down the stairs , gripping the railing to keep from tumbling over the blankets . 
 i found leo rolling up the sleeves of his shirt . 
 `` make him comfortable and warm , '' he instructed . 
 comfortable ... he 's unconscious and frozen . 
 possibly dead . 
 make him comfortable ... i gently slid a pillow under julian 's head , then draped the duvet over him , covering every inch of his body short of his face . 
 `` i do n't think this will help raise his body temperature , '' i murmured warily . 
 `` of course not . 
 give me some space now , '' leo announced , kneeling beside him . 
 `` this will take a while . 
 the trouble these bloody kids are causing me ... '' he finished in a quiet grumble . 
 i dove for the nearest couch , hanging over the arm to watch leo work . 
 he sat completely still , his eyes closed , appearing deep in thought , or as if he were meditating . 
 max settled directly beside me , and the other dogs appeared out of nowhere to investigate the situation as well . 
 `` magic ? '' 
 i whispered , intrigued . 
 yup ... you know , i could have left him out there . 
 max began in a gruff voice . 
 when i caught his scent , i went out of my way to find him . 
 i figured you 'd want to help him out . 
 i glanced over to see his ochre eyes staring at me , brimming with something i rarely saw in them-anxiety . 
 my guilt-ridden werebeast was trying to make amends . 
 i reached over and scratched behind his ear . 
 `` you did good , max . 
 thank you . '' 
 not that he deserves it , max said , earning a flat look . 
 but i did it for you , he added quickly , leaning over to nestle against my neck . 
 `` do you think julian will die ? '' 
 max did n't answer . 
 we sat . 
 we waited . 
 i woke up to something warm and wet sliding across my cheek . 
 max 's tongue . 
 lifting my head from the arm of the couch , i groaned at a kink in my neck left by the awkward position . 
 a colorful afghan draped my body . 
 at some point , someone had tucked me in . 
 i was thankful , given the draft that crept in from somewhere . 
 i rolled my head to peer at the fireplace and saw only embers . 
 the fire was leo 's department . 
 where is he ? 
 i wondered , rubbing my eyes with my palms . 
 `` how 'd i end up back here ? '' 
 a male voice croaked , startling a gasp from me . 
 julian was propped on the opposite couch , his face paler than normal , but alive . 
 and he was n't scowling for once , which made his face pleasant to look at , his features dark and masculine . 
 i sat up to face him . 
 `` max tracked you down in a deep snowbank . '' 
 i made sure i emphasized who his savior was . 
 `` he brought you back and leo helped heal you . 
 the lunatic butler and the freak mutt , '' i added , repeating his words from yesterday . 
 julian had the decency to look sheepish as he glanced over at max . 
 `` are you stupid ? '' 
 i blurted before i could stop myself . 
 but then , after thinking about it for all of five seconds , i silently praised myself . 
 he deserved it . 
 julian smirked before dropping his gaze to his hands . 
 `` yes , i suppose i am . 
 i do n't know where i am , what is going on , why i 'm here . 
 i do n't know anything except that my parents are dead and i 'm surrounded by ... '' he did n't finish , either because he lost his train of thought or he 'd been about to drop another insult and decided against it . 
 i turned to look at max . 
 `` where 's leo ? '' 
 resting for the day.that much magic drained him . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i turned back to see julian 's wide eyes and the same `` is she crazy ? '' 
 look his sister had worn the day before . 
 `` yes , i can talk to him telepathically , '' i supplied . 
 `` i have no idea how . 
 it just happened . '' 
 julian 's brown eyes shifted between max and me . 
 `` well , '' he said after a long moment , `` tell him thanks for me . 
 it was colder than i anticipated . '' 
 `` you just did . 
 he understands you , '' i said . 
 i glanced down at the floor to see my pictures scattered everywhere . 
 i must have dropped them when max came in with julian . 
 rolling off the couch to my knees , i started gathering them . 
 `` are those your ... friends ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 friends . 
 that word again . 
 it was sounding more odd as time went on . 
 i only nodded . 
 julian eased himself off the couch to crouch on the floor and help collect the photos . 
 he held up a picture of bishop wearing a goofy grin and one of caden , his face typically pensive . 
 `` so which one are you in love with ? '' 
 i snatched the picture from his hand , heat rising in my cheeks . 
 he chuckled and continued picking up pictures , pausing on one of amelie and fiona . 
 i noticed his eyebrow arch . 
 `` who 's the blonde ? '' 
 despite my dour mood , i grinned . 
 `` that 's amelie . 
 she 's really cute , is n't she ? 
 you 'd like her . '' 
 except that she 's a vampire , and she 'll likely kill you . 
 `` yeah , i 'll bet , '' he murmured wryly . 
 i caught the fleeting look of disapproval before he consciously made it disappear . 
 `` i 'm sorry about earlier , '' he said . 
 `` i 've been a complete jerk to you . 
 i deserved what max did . '' 
 max let out a small grunt of satisfaction . 
 julian glanced over before continuing , likely a little disoriented by the dog 's uncanny ability to understand him . 
 `` it 's just ... i know my parents were mixed up with some bad things . 
 but they were still my parents and now they 're dead . 
 one minute i 'm visiting them for a weekend trip away from med school and the next thing i know , i 'm ... i do n't know where and ... '' `` med school ? '' 
 julian , the son of a colombian drug lord , saving lives ? 
 sofie had n't mentioned that . 
 `` yeah , my first year . 
 i fast-tracked my undergrad , '' julian explained . 
 i watched him obliquely as we collected the rest of the pictures in silence , wary of this new calm , polite version of julian . 
 had leo magically fixed him to be ... nice ? 
 `` why are n't they here , with you , if they 're your friends ? '' 
 julian suddenly asked . 
 `` it 's a long story , '' i muttered . 
 i had no idea where to begin . 
 he handed me the stack he had collected , then prompted as he climbed back onto the couch , `` well , i 'm clearly not going anywhere ... '' i glanced at max , who only shook his head . 
 not surprising . 
 this world of secrecy was all the big dog knew . 
 lies and manipulation . 
 of course he did n't trust a soul . 
 `` please ? '' 
 julian coaxed , staring back at me with earnest brown eyes that looked more like those of an innocent seven-year-old than a twenty-something med student from a corrupt family . 
 it was probably the same look i had in my eyes when i begged for the truth from sofie . 
 for once i held the answers , and i could n't bear to leave an innocent person in the friendless darkness where i had dwelt . 
 for the next hour , i gave julian the cole 's notes version of my life as i had learned it over the last month , much to max 's mortification . 
 julian sat cross-legged on the couch and listened quietly , all signs of his previous offensiveness gone , replaced with a mixture of appreciation and sympathy . 
 once in a while he asked a question , querying the venom issue or where veronique was hiding , but otherwise he just listened , seemingly absorbing my words . 
 he was a wonderful listener , i had to admit . 
 once i started , i found it effortless to talk to him . 
 it was easier than talking to caden-but that was likely because i could n't focus on any thought for too long around that face ... though julian was becoming more appealing with his new demeanor , it was different . 
 i spoke briefly about caden , stumbling over my words and blushing furiously . 
 i left out anything that sounded like `` love '' and `` soul mate '' but the knowing look in julian 's eyes revealed that he 'd quickly deduced what caden meant to me . 
 at some point , a servant set a tray holding weak tea and lightly buttered toast on the nearest end table for julian , which he accepted with a polite nod . 
 `` it sounds like you 've forgiven them , '' he said , his face incredulous as he stirred sugar into his tea . 
 `` after everything they 've done to you ? '' 
 `` i would n't say i 've forgiven them , '' i began slowly , feeling foolish again . 
 i could n't even answer that truthfully . 
 i had in fact forgiven sofie . 
 completely . 
 and there was nothing to forgive on caden 's end . 
 `` being angry wo n't change anything . 
 it will only turn me bitter . 
 maybe it will surface later and i 'll go on a psychotic rampage . '' 
 `` but ... '' julian paused , searching for words , `` they tried to kill you and you still call them friends . 
 you do n't see there being anything wrong with that ? '' 
 `` it 's complicated , '' i mumbled , shrugging . 
 `` there 's plenty wrong with everything that 's going on . 
 i hope that by the time i see them again , they 'll have learned to control themselves . '' 
 julian leaned forward , his elbows resting on his knees , his hands folded . 
 `` and when will that happen ? 
 how long ? 
 are you-are we-stuck here until then ? '' 
 `` not long . 
 hard to say ... '' i worked hard to hide the lie from my face but , by the crestfallen look on his , i knew i 'd failed miserably . 
 i could n't bring myself to tell him the full truth , that sofie , an over-protective , borderline stalker , had locked us up here to keep me safe from a pack of vampires until they could be trusted around my blood . 
 we could die here . 
 3 . 
 the sentinel `` soon , '' i murmured softly , sliding my hand over the smooth white marble of my baby sister 's tomb , knowing my promise was a blatant lie . 
 one hundred and twenty years ago , she accompanied me , hand in hand , into a dank , dusty room in this very building-then a factory of sorts . 
 one hundred and twenty years ago , i had stared straight into her anxious green eyes and sworn that i 'd release her the second i fixed my magical blunder . 
 as tears rolled down her rosy cheeks , i 'd chanted the freezing spell , my voice masking her last sobs until the spell paralyzed and preserved her body , and i felt my heart break . 
 i witnessed the magic marble winding around her body , encasing her in her glorious tomb , swallowing her beautiful , curly brown locks . 
 and here she was , tucked away inside the atrium 's focal point when she could be free . 
 all it meant was that evangeline had to die . 
 damn the fates and their twisted sense of humor . 
 no . 
 while veronique was locked in her magic-induced coma , my lies could n't hurt her . 
 they would torture me , but i 'd endure . 
 i would keep her under this spell for as long as it took to outsmart the fates . 
 just as evangeline would remain in her own protective cocoon-for years , decades , a lifetime . 
 i would keep her safe . 
 `` i guess the others are in the cellar ? '' 
 i said to no one in particular as i strolled away from the statue , my eyes drifting over the twenty or so ratheus inhabitants who lingered in the ruined atrium , huddled in circles , whispering amongst themselves . 
 likely still in shock over this otherworldly transportation . 
 the other half-including caden and his posse-were busy gorging themselves on blood bags in the cellar . 
 like unruly teenagers , they had broken into viggo and mortimer 's stash within an hour of arriving and had stayed there since , satiating their thirst , dooming their previous moral convictions . 
 all of the ratheus vampires had spent a considerable amount of time in the cellar , but it seemed evangeline 's friends could n't get enough . 
 those four had also foiled my desperate plan to corner one and dissect their intentions . 
 i needed to isolate one of them just long enough to infiltrate their souls and minds . 
 only thirty seconds , someplace where i knew i would n't be attacked by mage for using magic or by viggo for appearing to conspire against him . 
 i would be breaking two parts of the truce by doing this and therefore would likely earn the wrath of both ancient vampires . 
 i had no idea what mage 's wrath entailed ; i was n't sure i wanted to find out . 
 but it did n't matter because i could never get close enough . 
 if viggo was n't around , then mage was . 
 since she had some uncanny ability to sense my magic , i could n't try anything with her in arm 's reach . 
 and if neither of them was around , then that bitch , rachel , was-hovering , watching , poised to report back to viggo and mortimer . 
 it was clear she had chosen to side with them in this power struggle , and appointed herself viggo and mortimer 's eyes and ears . 
 so i waited impatiently , and each hour that passed saw caden and the others committing themselves more and more to their blood lust . 
 my hope for something good to come of this charade was quickly thinning . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i heard viggo mutter , voice low . 
 i whipped my head around in time to see him tucking his cell phone into his armani suit pocket , his jaw clenched . 
 bad news ? 
 i felt a small smile curl the corners of my mouth . 
 i knew exactly what that message was about . 
 one of his compelled minions had informed him that their search for evangeline had come back empty . 
 no doubt there were a hundred such packs running loose around the world at this very moment , the brutes storming every location tied to my past . 
 both viggo and mortimer had been glued to their text pads , sending directives out to their vultures . 
 i had expected as much . 
 his steely blue eyes locked on mine when viggo realized i was watching . 
 the hard look of frustration instantly vanished , replaced by his typical smug grin . 
 `` so evangeline 's little ` friends ' refuse to pry themselves from our blood reservoir . '' 
 he sauntered over to stand beside me , a smile of satisfaction tugging at his lips . 
 it was just like him to find that amusing . 
 but he did n't wait for me to answer , instead changing the topic completely . 
 `` do you really believe we 'll see ursula again ? '' 
 he added with thick sarcasm , `` assuming you were telling me the truth before . '' 
 i realized we were standing in the exact spot in the atrium where my nemesis had fallen to her death-or her host body 's death . 
 good question . 
 one i did n't have an honest answer to , other than what i had already told them-the death was too clean , too calm , to be permanent . 
 i had no idea how that jealous witch had reincarnated herself once , let alone over and over again to stalk me through the years . 
 she had no doubt made her own deal with the fates . 
 of course , telling viggo any of that was useless . 
 he would n't believe me . 
 so i simply shrugged . 
 ursula was the least of our worries . 
 the sound of a lock clicking set the tiny hairs on the back of my neck on end , erasing all worries . 
 the exterior door release . 
 someone was entering . 
 my shoulders tensed . 
 i had sent every staff member away from here , with no hope of finding their way back ! 
 so who could ... my nostrils caught a whiff of human blood . 
 `` mortimer ! '' 
 i hissed , my eyes glued to the gaping hole where the first security door had once existed . 
 `` it 's monday . 
 the gardener , '' mortimer whispered in response . 
 not that there was any point to secrecy . 
 the twenty ratheus vampires in the atrium were well aware of the small portuguese man entering to prune and weed the urban jungle as he did every monday and thursday . 
 by now his blood was tantalizing their nostrils . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 i asked , hearing the panic in my voice . 
 the words sounded foreign , coming from me . 
 i was n't used to asking mortimer-or anyone-for advice . 
 but it was too late . 
 like a pack of super-speed bees-rachel in the lead-twenty vampires swarmed toward the door to ambush the quiet , polite gardener the second he stepped through the gaping hole , the horror of the atrium 's present ruin distracting him from his impending doom . 
 he did n't even have time to scream . 
 i averted my eyes , unable to watch the massacre of the gentle , innocent man with whom i had shared a laugh on several occasions . 
 how could i have forgotten about him ? 
 `` that 's too bad ... he knew how to prune veronique 's azaleas in just the right way , '' viggo murmured with the empathy of hannibal lecter . 
 i turned to see the hunger in his eyes , an arrogant smile of satisfaction on his lips as he witnessed the innocent man 's death eating away at my core . 
 i dug my red-painted fingernails into my thighs as i fought the urge to gouge viggo 's eyes out , my promise to my baby sister becoming harder to keep by the second . 
 i needed to distance myself . 
 spinning on my heels , i stormed toward my haven , throwing back over my shoulder with spiteful satisfaction , `` the only way you 'll find evangeline is if you pry it out of my head . '' 
 and that will never happen . 
 evangeline 's delicate human scent lingered everywhere . 
 the same delicate human scent that had enticed me for eighteen years , since the day i 'd first laid eyes on her tiny pink form , swaddled and asleep in a bassinet . 
 she had barely lived in this hideous blood-red room-the decor a twisted joke of viggo 's - and yet i could find traces of her on every surface . 
 on the crimson silk bedding of the four-poster king-sized bed ; on the taffeta drapery ; clinging to the crystals of her nightstand lamp where her wrist had grazed them while switching on the light . 
 everywhere . 
 it was why i had spent most of my time here , since the ratheus vampires ' arrival . 
 it was why i warned everyone to stay out or suffer my wrath , truce be damned . 
 so far , no one had tested me . 
 i wandered around the room now , clutching evangeline 's pink sweatshirt to my chest . 
 she 'd been wearing it the night of ursula 's attack . 
 i shuddered , thinking back to that night , the raw pain visible in her eyes when she first learned the truth behind her mother 's death . 
 i 'd wanted to run to her , to hug her , to protect her . 
 and i could n't . 
 i could n't allow viggo and mortimer to comprehend the depth of my love for that sweet girl . 
 they would have used it against me . 
 in the end , ursula 's attack was a blessing . 
 evangeline finally saw viggo for what he really was : a conniving monster . 
 passing by a full-length beveled mirror , i faltered . 
 sallow green eyes gaped back at me . 
 my hair , naturally smooth and silky , drifted in disarray . 
 awkward creases riddled my fitted black and silver tube dress . 
 strange , for me . 
 i did n't need to work very hard to turn the awed heads of every man , woman , and child i passed . 
 i never looked like this ... i sighed . 
 evidence of my current frazzled state over being separated from my girl . 
 for eighteen years , until the first night her curse sent her to ratheus , she was always within a minute 's reach , always under my careful watch . 
 and now she was thousands of miles away . 
 i hated it . 
 i hated viggo and mortimer for making me do it . 
 all i have is a picture , i thought bitterly as i pulled a folded four by six from the only pocket in my dress . 
 i had swiped it from the stack of prints i developed for her . 
 in it , she was sitting on a bench , gazing off to her left and smiling . 
 likely at caden . 
 my finger traced the lines of her face , memorized long ago . 
 how much like her mother she looked , with her blonde hair and dimpled smile . 
 longing tore at my insides . 
 if i was honest with myself , i missed her more than nathan . 
 i missed her more than my sister . 
 i sensed his entrance a split second after he appeared in the corner of my eye . 
 `` i thought i made myself clear , '' i began , taking time to fold the picture and slide it back into my pocket . 
 `` no one is to enter this room . '' 
 i turned to level caden with a flat gaze . 
 perfect . 
 we 're alone . 
 finally . 
 now 's my chance . 
 except he 's too far away . 
 i took one step forward , then another , slowly edging in without rousing suspicion . 
 he would n't take kindly to being violated like this if he knew what i intended to do , i was sure . 
 i just needed him to remain unaware for thirty seconds so he would n't bolt or attack me . 
 and , if his motives for evangeline proved wicked ... caden suddenly and unexpectedly appeared inches away from me with speed to rival viggo , his powerful hands tightly gripping my biceps . 
 `` where is she ? 
 i need to see her , '' he whispered , desperation in his voice . 
 his thumbs dug painfully into my flesh . 
 i had to tilt my head to meet his eyes . 
 god , he 's strong . 
 how am i going to do this without him knowing ? 
 he certainly was a darling , i had to admit as my eyes roamed his features , delicate and masculine at the same time . 
 i could see why evangeline had fallen head over heels for him . 
 `` why would i tell you ? '' 
 i began , mentally plucking several helixes and readying them , wondering if i could carry on a conversation while dissecting him . 
 doubtful , but i 'd have to try . 
 `` i need to see her , '' caden forced through clenched teeth . 
 `` you used her and then tried to kill her , '' i spat . 
 raw pain flashed in his eyes . 
 he cocked his head to the left , toward the door . 
 checking for eavesdroppers . 
 when he looked back at me , it was with grim determination . 
 `` why do n't you find out for yourself ? 
 i know you can do those kinds of things , witch , '' he grated , his own suggestion clearly an unpleasant one . 
 did i hear right ? 
 is he ... volunteering to be explored ? 
 i felt my mouth twist with doubt . 
 no ... he could n't be . 
 what vampire in his right mind would - `` do it now ! '' 
 he urged , his voice breaking , despair shining in his jade eyes . 
 `` quick ! 
 before they find us ! '' 
 i did n't need any more prompts . 
 with reckless abandon , i drove magical tendrils into his body , infiltrating his thoughts , his emotions , his pain , everything about him . 
 i navigated through his past , through his human life , downloading his every hope , his every fear , his every desire as if they were all part of a computer program , the visions flashing in my mental eye , the emotions swarming my heart . 
 i felt my eyes widen as evangeline 's angelic face appeared , as i rifled through his memories of her , from the unconscious , frail creature lying on the cave floor to the moment her pendant locked within the statue 's grasp in ratheus . 
 and then the atrium ... evangeline stood smiling at me . 
 no , at caden . 
 her smile faltered as caden 's overwhelming desire to kill her took control , as he lunged . 
 the images ended with a mix of unruly desire and raw pain . 
 caden 's . 
 he 'd lied to viggo . 
 he truly loved her . 
 i gasped as my magic released him . 
 `` she 's safe , '' i whispered breathlessly , relief flooding my soul as my hands flew to his cheeks , suddenly the cheeks of an angel in my eyes . 
 he may want to kill her , but he would n't break her heart-perverse but comforting . 
 `` you need to get out of here now , before they find us together , '' i whispered in a rush . 
 now that i knew his love for evangeline was pure , i was that much more desperate to protect him . 
 i could n't give viggo a reason to try to kill him . 
 `` i left rachel in the atrium with a body , but who knows how long that will keep her occupied . 
 and god only knows where mage is . '' 
 at least i knew viggo and mortimer would n't be lurking . 
 they had been all but glued to the atrium , to be near veronique , their erratic paranoia that she was in danger growing tenfold . 
 caden ignored my warning , scooping my hands from his cheeks to clasp them between his instead . 
 `` does she hate me ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 i chuckled , shaking my head . 
 `` quite the opposite . 
 the silly , sweet girl is busy worrying about everyone else , as usual . '' 
 recognition sparked in his eyes . 
 `` how do you know ? 
 does she have a phone ? 
 can i talk to her ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` leo . 
 i can communicate with him . '' 
 where only minutes ago i was ready to string caden up and torture him mercilessly , now i was freely sharing my most protected details . 
 details that viggo and mortimer did n't and need n't know . 
 `` i did n't have a chance to set up phone towers where she is . 
 and it 's safer this way . 
 viggo 's likely tapped into the phone companies . '' 
 `` where is - '' i cut him off . 
 `` no , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` it 's better for everyone if i keep that to myself . '' 
 caden nodded in assent , pausing only for a second . 
 `` when can we see her ? 
 i need to explain . 
 i need to apologize . '' 
 `` when you 're ready ... when i 'm ready . '' 
 `` ca n't you do something ? 
 is n't there some way to protect her ? '' 
 caden pleaded , tearing at my heart . 
 `` keeping her hidden is the best protection right now . 
 you 'd better go . 
 now ! '' 
 but it was too late . 
 a familiarly serene voice interrupted us . 
 `` has your magic given you what you needed ? '' 
 we were so engrossed with each other that neither of us had sensed mage 's approach . 
 now i slowly turned to face her , instantly arming myself with helixes , unsure of how she would react to my direct violation of the truce , of her specific requirement . 
 to my surprise , the ancient vampire 's coal-black eyes appeared ... satisfied . 
 `` it was necessary , '' i answered cautiously . 
 `` good . '' 
 she turned to caden , a small smile touching her lips . 
 `` i suggest you depart now and keep your distance from sofie . 
 the truth-however obvious it is to you and i-should be kept muddied for everyone 's sake . '' 
 my eyes darted to caden to see the same shocked expression on his face that had to be sitting on mine . 
 was the supposedly evil , sadistic council leader ... helping us ? 
 `` and you 'd best wipe that affectionate grin off your face when you look at him and his friends , '' mage continued , her words directed to me . 
 `` that 's why i did n't allow you to do that thing with your magic earlier . 
 one flash of that , and viggo would see the truth . 
 he needs to remain in doubt . '' 
 she waved a hand dismissively at caden . 
 `` run along , now . 
 and do n't forget , you have a debt to repay , given you were going to leave me behind . '' 
 caden hesitated with that last comment , bowing his head guiltily . 
 then he turned to whisper , `` tell her nothing makes sense without her . '' 
 i nodded once , squeezing his hand . 
 and then he vanished , leaving me alone with the ancient , magic-sensing vampire . 
 mage 's dark eyes settled on me . 
 `` i understand that he is important to evangeline and i am in her debt . 
 i will not allow any harm to come to them . 
 ever . '' 
 her left eyebrow arched when a snort escaped me . 
 `` you do n't believe me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry , i do n't . 
 for the life of me , i ca n't understand why ... '' mage 's red lips curled back in disdain . 
 `` i do n't know when our kind became such treacherous , conniving fools . 
 i remember a distinct shift within the last five thousand years . '' 
 it took every ounce of energy to keep my face from displaying my shock . 
 she 's five thousand years old-at least ! 
 no vampire had lived that long on earth , as far as i knew . 
 of course , i did n't know much . 
 viggo was tight-lipped about our world 's vampire history . 
 i only knew that he was n't the first vampire to exist , but now he was the oldest . 
 my gut told me he played some role in that first vampire 's demise , especially since the handful of others left roaming the world threatened to kill me for my association with him . 
 he had n't made a lot of friends . 
 `` so this is evangeline 's room ? '' 
 mage asked , her eyes roaming the decor as she moved farther into the room . 
 i said nothing , studying her intensely , wracking my brain for a possible motive to her interest in helping evangeline . 
 the fact that i could n't guess one had me on edge-more so than if i could definitively say mage was evil . 
 if only i could magically dissect her as i had caden ... she stopped in front of the fireplace to study the painting-the one i had moved from evangeline 's previous room to here . 
 it was the one i had painted of her as a little girl , picking daisies at the playground . 
 `` this is evangeline . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` charming . '' 
 she stood in silence for a moment before speaking again . 
 `` you love her as if she were your child . 
 i envy you for that . '' 
 those black eyes fell on me again , so peaceful , so reserved , so ... unreadable . 
 `` i came here to tell you that the cellar is bone dry . '' 
 i felt my eyes bug , the sudden change of subject jarring , the news shocking . 
 `` there was enough to last weeks , at least ! '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` what can i say . 
 obviously not . 
 the incident in the atrium earlier should attest to that . 
 surprise guest ? '' 
 i cringed at the reminder of the gardener . 
 `` yes , a complete surprise , '' i answered , adding , `` i 'm not a fan of surprises . '' 
 `` it will be a long time before you can trust any of them around humans , '' she continued , her tone tinged with rebuke . 
 `` i 'm well aware of that , '' i snapped , her condescension sparking rage . 
 `` this was n't exactly planned . '' 
 if my tone bothered her , she did n't let on . 
 `` no . 
 of course not . 
 can you change the security code so no one else can get in ? '' 
 `` i , uh ... '' i faltered , her suggestion flooring me . 
 why had n't i thought of that ? 
 it was brilliant and simple ! 
 and something i would normally think of in half a human heartbeat if i was n't so preoccupied . 
 yet , here mage was , offering sage advice to help me . 
 that was it . 
 i 'd had enough . 
 time to see what you 're made of , mage . 
 i turned to regard my concerned advisor , loosening my upper body , ready to spring . 
 `` let 's not dance anymore , shall we ? '' 
 i began , my voice deliberately calm . 
 `` i prefer my dance partners taller and more ... masculine . '' 
 mage 's long black tresses swayed as her head tilted back , a musical laugh escaping her lips . 
 `` whatever do you mean ? '' 
 she finds this amusing . 
 great . 
 i had a female version of viggo on my hands . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` what game are you playing , mage ? 
 you would appear to be concerned about evangeline and caden 's well-being , you 're offering advice to avoid the chance of humans being killed . 
 i do n't have time for this . 
 i play enough games with viggo . 
 so what is it that you want ? '' 
 the amusement vanished from her eyes , replaced by a hazy stare , as if she was no longer looking at me but into her own distant memories . 
 `` does it not bother you that my world and your world are so similar ? '' 
 i paused to register her words , her sudden change of topic sending me reeling . 
 `` yes , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` it has bothered me greatly since the minute evangeline began describing it . '' 
 `` because you wonder if your world is fated to the same demise as ratheus . '' 
 mage picked up a small figurine from the fireplace mantel . 
 i watched quietly as she rolled it back and forth between her fingertips . 
 `` i worry about the same . 
 the planets are identical , you see . 
 there is only the venom issue . '' 
 something in her tone , something in her words , stirred a gut feeling that a deep , dark secret lingered on her tongue , one that existed now as it had before , in the atrium . 
 `` from what i - '' mage 's eyes flicked to the door and she sighed . 
 `` prying ears , as usual . '' 
 i frowned , not sensing anything . 
 normally my senses for such things were keener than even viggo 's , due to my sorceress abilities . 
 `` you can create sound barriers with your magic , can you not ? '' 
 `` while keeping the truce ? '' 
 i smirked . 
 she smiled in return . 
 `` there are exceptions to every rule . '' 
 she was giving me permission to use my magic . 
 fury sparked , but intrigue quickly doused it . 
 she wanted to tell me something that the others could not hear . 
 with a few carefully chosen words , i conjured a purple-hued bubble around me . 
 mage 's eyes followed it as it expanded to touch the walls of evangeline 's room . 
 so she can see magic as well ! 
 satisfied that the room was protected from listeners , mage began again . 
 `` now , where were we ... yes , the venom issue . 
 from what i gathered from rachel , it was your fault ? '' 
 a derisive snort escaped me but i followed it with a nod . 
 it was one hundred percent my fault . 
 i had toyed with the fates in my attempt to join nathan in eternity . 
 i was the one who had fried everyone 's venom . 
 i was the one who had killed my love . 
 never had i tried to shirk blame . 
 she smirked . 
 `` well , you single-handedly changed the fate of your world . 
 but by how much ? 
 really , who can say . 
 was it enough ? '' 
 enough for what ? 
 i wondered . 
 `` we had no issues with our venom . 
 so that 's one difference between the two worlds . 
 and from what i gather , ratheus is running on a different clock , as well ; it 's approximately seven hundred years ahead , based on the technology i 've seen here , '' mage waggled a finger at the digital clock and the built-in stereo system beside the fireplace , `` and what i recall of our world before the war . '' 
 `` seven hundred years , '' i repeated , my stomach plummeting , the significance of the number unmistakable . 
 `` did n't the war on ratheus begin seven hundred years ago ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's right . 
 around the same year as the one earth is in now . '' 
 mage began pacing , her arms crossed over her chest . 
 `` so really , other than the time difference and your venom issue , the worlds are identical . '' 
 `` well , still . 
 the worlds are not the same . 
 there are the geographical names , '' i reminded her . 
 `` that 's a big difference . 
 ratheus instead of earth . 
 and this new shore ; we never had a city named that . '' 
 mage pursed her lips , then relaxed them to heave a loud sigh . 
 `` have you ever heard of a seer ? '' 
 changing topics again ... where is this going ? 
 aloud , i answered , `` cousin to the witch . 
 yes , i 've heard of them , though i ca n't say i 've ever met one . '' 
 `` they 're incredibly rare , '' mage confirmed . 
 `` i had one at my disposal for a short while . 
 a servant seer . '' 
 mage opened the door to evangeline 's closet , scanned the racks upon racks of brand new designer clothes , and arched her eyebrows . 
 finally she closed the door and turned back to me . 
 `` when the human world ended , she prophesized that someone of a parallel world in a parallel universe would come to us . 
 she could n't tell me why or when , but she felt the strong urge to hide the identity of our world . '' 
 `` but ... no . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` you 're from ratheus ! 
 that 's not parallel ! '' 
 mage paused for only a second . 
 `` have you ever looked at the letters in the name ` ratheus ' ? '' 
 no . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 r-a-t-h-e-u-s . 
 `` oh god ... '' i murmured . 
 mage had lifted a figurine from the mantel and studied it as she continued , her tone conversational . 
 `` i played around with the words ` our earth , ' but could n't find a name i liked with those letters . 
 so i eventually came up with ` ratheus , ' using ` earth ' and ` us ' as a base . 
 and ` new shore ' was so named because it was the shore we landed on in our new world . '' 
 placing the figurine back on the mantel , she smiled sadly at me . 
 `` ratheus is earth , sofie . 
 our worlds are parallel ... as the fates of each may be . '' 
 mage may as well have punched me in the stomach . 
 the fates had left the part about the planet being parallel out of their details . 
 deep down , i had toyed with the idea , wondering if it were possible . 
 then , when evangeline told me it was called ratheus , i 'd relaxed , assuming they were only eerily similar . 
 mage had just crushed that with her admission . 
 but something still did n't add up . 
 `` how is this possible ? '' 
 `` what , parallel planets ? '' 
 mage shrugged , holding her hand up dismissively . 
 `` how do vampires exist ? 
 how do witches and magic exist ? 
 i learned long ago that there 's no logical thought to all of this . 
 you ca n't rationalize that which defies all logic . 
 do n't even attempt it . 
 you 'll only leave with more questions . '' 
 `` do all the ... ratheus vampires know this ? 
 does caden know ? '' 
 i frowned as i wracked my memory of what i had seen with my invasive spell . 
 mage denied it with a small shake of her head . 
 `` my seer was adamant that it be hidden from everyone . 
 it makes sense-had evangeline known the real risk , would she still have agreed to it ? 
 would you ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` so i had every single one of them compelled . 
 i wiped it clean from their memory . 
 all they know is ratheus . '' 
 i felt my eyes bulge . 
 vampires compelled ? 
 and so powerfully ? 
 impossible ! 
 only humans could be compelled . 
 `` how ... '' i sputtered but mage was already walking toward the door , straight for the sound barrier . 
 walking through that would break the bubble and end our conversation when i needed so much more info . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i suggest you not mention any of this to the others yet . '' 
 `` mage , please ! '' 
 one burning question needed to be asked . 
 `` what started the war ? '' 
 she stopped just before she reached the magical barrier and turned . 
 `` well , for one thing , a group of fanatical humans who made it their mission to kill vampires and witches . '' 
 the sentinel . 
 further proof of our worlds ' similarities . 
 nausea again churned my stomach . 
 `` they hid underground for years , until we were sure time and common sense had eradicated them . 
 we became complacent , and they suddenly appeared , allied with the witches and stronger than ever , with their sole goal , outing us . '' 
 i frowned doubtfully . 
 the sentinel despised the witches as much as they did vampires . 
 so many of my previous kind had been burned at the stake by the zealous sentinel that an alliance seemed impossible . 
 sure , ursula had used several sentinel members in her plot , but that was the work of an insane woman offering her wiles in exchange for brute force , i was sure of it . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` the sentinel and the witches attacked and started the war ? 
 just like that ? '' 
 mage hesitated . 
 `` yes , they attacked . 
 it may have been kept under wraps , had it not been for one imprudent vampire who executed an entire faction of them in front of a television camera . '' 
 `` that would do it , '' i answered dryly , then muttered , `` i hope you punished the idiot severely . '' 
 as mage reached out to turn the doorknob , effectively breaking the sound barrier , a sad smile touched her lips . 
 `` i 've punished myself every day since . '' 
 `` we need reserves ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed in exasperation the second i stepped into the atrium , still dazed by the devastating knowledge mage had imparted to me-entrusted only to me . 
 until i could evaluate the risks of the others knowing , i would keep it to myself . 
 viggo and mortimer sat at their bistro table , guarding veronique , as usual , oblivious to the real danger threatening us . 
 the ratheus vampires-if i could even still call them that-were milling about , now that they 'd drained their supply of human blood . 
 their eyes darted furtively around the atrium and the balconies , as if searching for a human hiding amongst the charred leaves . 
 my eyes rolled over caden and the others , off in one corner , and rolled on as i intentionally avoided eye contact . 
 mage had been smart to stop me from reading caden , that first day . 
 viggo would have spotted the truth , had it flashed in my eyes for even the briefest of seconds . 
 first things first , though . 
 i bolted for the exterior doors , sidestepping the few vampires still trying to pull blood from the gardener 's drained corpse , and stopped in front of the security keypad on the wall . 
 thank god leo gave me the pass codes to do this . 
 i quickly reprogrammed the passwords , a small giggle escaping me with the knowledge of how this would infuriate them . 
 there . 
 both the exterior garage and the exterior walk-through door were locked down . 
 no one would enter . 
 no more innocent people would die . 
 i walked back , more light-hearted than when i had left them , smiling my satisfaction as i watched understanding dawn in viggo and mortimer 's eyes , before fury narrowed them . 
 mage stood nearby . 
 our eyes touched , and my lips tucked up at the corners in appreciation of her suggestion . 
 she acknowledged with a barely perceptible nod . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 viggo yelled . 
 `` i have blood trucks ordered and on their way ! 
 are you going to let them in ? '' 
 `` we ca n't have red cross trucks pulling in here , with the sentinel hovering , '' i threw back , adding after a snort , `` and i wo n't have innocent truck drivers massacred for your entertainment . 
 no . 
 i 'll take care of it . '' 
 `` hey , reg , '' i said when reggie 's deep voice answered , using my friendliest pitch . 
 reggie was a supervisor at one of the city 's red cross blood banks . 
 two weeks ago , he had loaded a utility truck with blood and smuggled it inside for me-a gold mine when shoring up supplies in anticipation of four vampires . 
 of course , i had compelled him to do all of this , and had him at the ready to respond to future needs , leaving me with an open source of blood when i needed it . 
 like now . 
 a long pause , then , `` sofie . '' 
 something is n't right . 
 i had expected a much warmer reception . 
 `` i need more blood , reg . '' 
 another long pause . 
 `` um ... okay . '' 
 his voice quavered with fear . 
 `` be at the receiving dock in thirty minutes . '' 
 the phone went dead . 
 he should n't be afraid of me . 
 i must have messed up the compulsion , forgotten to script it properly . 
 i was normally so good at it ! 
 i hung up the phone , sighing my annoyance . 
 gone were the days where entire trucks could go missing without anyone being the wiser . 
 now , in the age of computers , every drop was accounted for . 
 i could alter numbers , but then i 'd have to follow the trail of information to cover a dozen different threads of evidence to hide my tracks . 
 i did n't have time for that . 
 i needed human blood . 
 i headed straight for the garage , a spacious concrete room two floors below the ground level . 
 nearly three dozen pristinely maintained cars and trucks lined the walls within , some of which had never seen the open road . 
 they were merely part of a collection , another one of viggo 's material weaknesses . 
 my eyes drifted over the silver-blue mercedes , with its dented and bloody front bumper-viggo had used it to run down evangeline 's mother . 
 he kept it as a memento . 
 please choose mortimer , veronique , i prayed . 
 viggo would be as good as dead for what he did to evangeline . 
 i climbed into the shiny black navigator , the largest vehicle available for carting back a supply . 
 as expected , the keys were in the ignition ; viggo did n't fear breakins . 
 the tires squealed as i peeled out , taking the winding ramp up to the atrium at high speed . 
 as i crossed the threshold and pulled into the atrium , curious vampires quickly put two and two together : truck going out means doors to outside world opening . 
 excitement flared in their vibrant irises . 
 they began flocking toward the car entrance . 
 `` great , '' i groaned as i slowed the truck to a halt . 
 `` this wo n't attract attention . '' 
 i pressed my hands against my temples . 
 mage suddenly appeared in the passenger seat , the act of opening and closing the truck door happening too fast for me to even notice . 
 `` what can i do to help ? '' 
 the concerned vampire citizen again , are we ? 
 i leveled a stare at her . 
 `` look , let 's get one thing straight : i do n't trust you , and you sure as hell would be smart not to trust me . '' 
 an amused look crossed her face as she nodded . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` i ca n't have a crowd of hungry vampires in the tunnel when i drive out the exterior door . 
 people will see them-see what they are-even if they ca n't get past the merth . '' 
 `` consider it handled . 
 be on your way . '' 
 with that , she vanished from my passenger seat and reappeared outside the truck , standing in front of the crowd . 
 i inched forward , the low rumble of the big truck 's engine drowning out whatever mage was saying . 
 it had the desired effect , though ; the crowd dispersed to the opposite end of the atrium . 
 a rap on my window stopped me . 
 viggo . 
 i rolled down my window , curious . 
 `` which bank ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i studied him , suddenly on edge . 
 `` why do you need to know ? '' 
 he rolled his eyes in exasperation . 
 `` so we know when you 'll be back and we can move everyone from the gates again ! 
 you 'll need to open them to get back in , wo n't you ? '' 
 `` oh ... '' i had n't thought of the trip back . 
 `` same place as last time . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so we should expect you back here within the hour . 
 call us when you 're near . '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 strange . 
 too helpful . 
 what do you have up your sleeve , viggo ? 
 my head was beginning to spin , trying to keep up with everyone 's various motives . 
 mortimer appeared behind viggo . 
 `` keep a look out for them . '' 
 mortimer 's bitterness with the people 's sentinel was long-standing and obvious . 
 you have no idea , mortimer . 
 i rolled my eyes , but anxiety flooded my body . 
 they were out there , watching . 
 we had been careful not to react , not to hunt them down , wanting to sort out this mess with veronique first . 
 but now , with what i had just learned from mage , i did n't know if it was better to exterminate , or continue in silence . 
 to be ... complacent . 
 that was the word mage used . 
 had we become complacent ? 
 was this another step down our predetermined path ? 
 i waited as mortimer punched in the code to open the interior garage door-i had n't changed that one . 
 throwing the truck into gear , i pulled into the tunnel , checking in my rearview mirror for any desperate vampires . 
 none moved from the far side of the atrium . 
 none attempted to defy mage . 
 it was as if she had power over them . 
 maybe she did . 
 i made it to the blood bank dock with two minutes to spare , after a small detour through the city to shake any tails . 
 normally i could tell when i was being followed , but today was not the day to take chances . 
 the delivery entrance for this bank was in a wide alley , the tall brick buildings on either side providing some privacy from the street . 
 i backed the navigator up to one of the delivery doors and threw it into park to wait for reggie . 
 my fingers strummed the steering wheel as i watched various trucks at different stages of unloading through my black-tinted windows . 
 guilt fluttered as i thought of the generous people who had unwittingly donated to feed forty hungry vampires . 
 it took the meaning of saving lives to a whole new level . 
 i sensed the approach a second before the white knuckles wrapped against the window . 
 my finger on a button rolled the window down and i regarded my blood dealer , an unusually pale , blonde man who reeked of terror . 
 `` is something the matter , reggie ? '' 
 i asked in my sweetest tone . 
 apprehension tightened my insides . 
 he should n't be frightened of me ... `` there 's an unmarked delivery truck on its way from a drive , '' he answered in a rush , ignoring my question . 
 `` i 've deleted it from the main system so it 's free for the taking . '' 
 unmarked . 
 that meant i could leave the navigator here . 
 much easier than unloading and reloading . 
 i flashed him my most appreciative smile as i pulled a thick envelope full of cash from the glove compartment and handed it to him . 
 viggo had cash stashed everywhere . 
 `` for your troubles . '' 
 his eyes widened briefly as he took it , then he looked quickly around to check for witnesses before stuffing the envelope inside his lab coat . 
 i heard the loud rumble of an approaching truck . 
 `` there it is , '' he confirmed , turning to leave . 
 my hand shot out to grab his forearm . 
 `` thank you , reg . '' 
 he glanced down at my hand , then up at my face , giving me the chance to lock eyes with him . 
 i needed to strengthen the compulsion for the next time i needed blood . 
 `` there 's no need to worry , reg . 
 i 'm harmless . 
 i would never hurt you , '' i crooned , waiting for the hypnotic trance to kick in . 
 `` i may come back for more blood in a few weeks . 
 please be ready and willing to help me out . '' 
 he nodded slowly , as if listening , but the haze of a compelled person did not register in his blue eyes . 
 that 's strange ... am i losing my touch ? 
 the second i let go of reggie 's arm , he bolted into the building . 
 if i had time , i 'd follow him in and try again . 
 but i did n't have time , i decided as a hospital-green cube truck parked beside me . 
 no telltale blood-donor markings . 
 perfect . 
 hopping out of my navigator , i opened the truck 's passenger side door and swung smoothly into the seat , earning a pleasantly surprised look from a balding delivery man in his sixties . 
 `` hello , sir . 
 i believe you have a delivery for me ? '' 
 i crooned , focusing in on his watery irises , pulling his mind toward mine as i had just attempted with reggie . 
 this time it worked . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 he slurred . 
 `` yes . 
 please step out of the truck and begin walking away . 
 go home and take a nap . 
 when you wake up , you 'll remember nothing about this truck or me . 
 right ? '' 
 `` right , '' he drawled . 
 still mesmerized , he pawed absently at the door with his left hand , finally opened it , and spilled out of the truck . 
 he staggered down the alley toward the street as if drunk . 
 `` okay . 
 now , '' i murmured , sliding into the driver 's seat . 
 i studied the truck 's gearshift . 
 `` at least it 's not a rig , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 those were a pain to drive . 
 i threw the truck into drive and began rolling forward . 
 two black dodge extended-cab pickup trucks pulled in front of me , blocking my path . 
 i slammed on the brakes as four burly men hopped out of each , a mixture of fear and determination in their eyes as they peered up at me . 
 my attention flew down to their hands . 
 there it was , the sentinel tattoo . 
 that meant they knew this redheaded , green-eyed woman was no ordinary woman . 
 this was no accidental encounter . 
 rage flared within me . 
 they had gotten to reggie , used him for an ambush . 
 but how had they broken my compulsion ? 
 `` oh , '' i murmured , the puzzle pieces fitting together into a hideous picture . 
 there was only one way to break a vampire 's compulsion : witch magic . 
 that meant either mage 's prophecy was coming true and the sentinel was allied with the witches , or ursula was back in action as a thorn in my side . 
 i hoped for the latter at this point but , either way , i did n't have time for this . 
 i briefly considered ramming the trucks but decided against it . 
 the damage might stall the delivery truck . 
 plus , the noise would most definitely attract the attention of curious passersby . 
 i could n't cause a scene in broad daylight in front of a blood bank . 
 i sighed heavily and rolled down the window . 
 a gust of frigid november air struck me . 
 `` hello , gentlemen ! '' 
 i called cheerily . 
 the one closest to my door-a heavyset , brown-haired man of six feet-edged forward . 
 he was n't getting too close , though . 
 smart . 
 `` you do n't look like the typical truck driver , '' he answered with a nonchalant grin , trying to play up his ignorance of my identity . 
 he was a decoy , of course , meant to distract me from the two men to the right who were busy readying a flamethrower drawn from a compartment in the back of one truck-the sentinel 's weapon of choice against us . 
 it was stupid , really , given the speed and power of a vampire , yet they still did manage to catch us unawares sometimes . 
 but they had n't been dealing with the likes of me . 
 i could n't let this go any further , knowing they 'd torch the truck , destroying the blood supply . 
 i gave him my sweetest smile , all while plucking helixes of magic from my body , arming myself . 
 i 'd paralyze them . 
 simple . 
 `` oh , but i 'm not . 
 you know that ... do n't you ? '' 
 the grin slid off his face as his eyes darted to the others ; he gave the slightest nod . 
 i laughed aloud . 
 `` seriously ? 
 have n't you guys realized who you 're up against ? '' 
 with that , i sent a bolt of magic out to seize the flamethrower clean from the man 's grip , letting it fly back and smash through the passenger side window to rest on the seat next to me . 
 glass rained down everywhere but i barely noticed . 
 `` i 've been looking for one of those , '' i said conversationally . 
 as the words left my mouth , i heard a faint click . 
 i whipped my head up to see two men stepping out from behind a truck fifty yards away ; one held a bazooka . 
 it was pointing at me . 
 and its rocket had been launched . 
 with no opportunity to weigh my options , i sent another bolt of magic out-this one a thousand helixes strong-to block the rocket and send it back to its launching point , trying to contain the blast . 
 the truck rocked with the explosion , bricks , metal , and body parts flying in every direction . 
 `` so much for keeping a low profile , '' i muttered , silently berating myself for being too cocky to notice their plan unfolding . 
 i need to get out of here . 
 now . 
 i wrapped magical threads around both trucks . 
 with a flick of my wrist , they were swept aside like a minor inconvenience , crumpling against the brick walls and taking four more men with them . 
 i revved the truck engine and threw it into gear again . 
 it jerked forward . 
 the decoy man stepped in front of the truck to stop me . 
 he disappeared under my truck as i drove over him , the back tires jolting over his body . 
 i peeled out of the alley , speeding up as i passed various pedestrians running toward the commotion , some eyeing my truck suspiciously and a few of them jotting down the license plate number . 
 i had no time to stop and do damage control . 
 looking in my rearview mirror at the fiery , body-peppered scene i had just left , i knew i needed a new blood supplier . 
 not until the heavy iron door slammed against the ground behind me and i coasted into the atrium was i able to relax . 
 i watched forty pairs of bloodthirsty eyes immediately lock onto the truck , the scent of this much human blood sending their senses into overdrive . 
 the moment that back door rolled up , they 'd turn into wild , blood-crazed demons . 
 `` take it easy . 
 it wo n't come as easily next time , '' i called in warning as i hopped out the driver 's side , on my way to mortimer . 
 their ocular veins began pulsating in response . 
 my expression must have been grim because panic flitted across mortimer 's face . 
 `` it 's safe to say they 're onto us , '' i said dryly , scanning the crowd-for mage , i realized . 
 i had an overpowering urge to talk to her . 
 she was the only one who could appreciate the coming disaster . 
 mortimer 's jaw tightened . 
 `` we managed to hide from them for a hundred and twenty years and yet now , at the most critical time , they decide they 're going to have their little revolution . '' 
 `` i 'm beginning to think they 've had some help , '' i replied , intent on explaining the link to the witches , but mortimer 's plea interrupted me . 
 `` please , sofie . 
 just bring evangeline back so we can be done with this and move on . 
 we can lose the sentinel . '' 
 i set my jaw stubbornly . 
 `` you know i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` you 'd risk everything for one human girl ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i sounded insane , but i did n't care . 
 `` well , that 's just brilliant . '' 
 he slammed his fist on the bistro table so hard that the metal legs snapped like twigs . 
 a shrill scream disrupted his tantrum . 
 i turned to see a petite , mousy blonde girl of no more than fourteen step out from behind the truck . 
 the body of a male ratheus vampire lay on the ground beside her , chin smeared with blood , jerking in convulsions before it stopped and lay still . 
 dead . 
 `` what the - '' i began , but then i looked at her neck , where blood ran from two puncture wounds . 
 the other ratheus vampires hissed at the young woman but slinked away , their comrade 's body keeping them at bay . 
 `` ileana ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed , rushing over to her , his arms wide for an embrace . 
 `` how lovely of you to come ! '' 
 the hairs on the back of my neck rose as viggo led the young girl , her face full of fear , away from the throng . 
 it was n't until she moved away from the truck and the overpowering scent of blood that the wave of recognition hit me . 
 magic . 
 she was a witch . 
 `` how did - '' i began , then cut myself short as i answered my own question , eyeing the garage door . 
 of course ! 
 she had hitched a ride on the back of the truck while i waited for the garage to open , and i was too frazzled after the attack to notice . 
 that was why viggo seemed so concerned with when i 'd be back-he was planning her entry . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` plotting with another witch ? 
 because the first time did n't teach you enough , you moron , '' i grated through clenched teeth , my hand flying up to my forehead . 
 `` you 're inviting the sentinel in ! '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw mage 's eyes-not transformed by blood lust , surprisingly-narrow as she studied the girl . 
 good . 
 she was n't impressed either . 
 `` oh , that 's preposterous . '' 
 viggo dismissed my concerns with a wave of his hand . 
 `` that mess with ursula was a fluke . '' 
 the frown on mortimer 's face told me he was n't a part of this plan . 
 he leaned in close to viggo , whispering , `` we did n't discuss this . '' 
 `` i do n't need your permission , '' viggo responded arrogantly . 
 the two of them turned to face off . 
 `` but this ... after the fiasco with ursula and that one - '' mortimer jerked his chin in my direction '' - i thought we were washing our hands of these treacherous creatures . '' 
 `` oh , i know . '' 
 viggo patted the air soothingly . 
 `` however , ileana is more than willing to remain quiet . 
 for the sake of her dear mother , right ? '' 
 he looked at the woman . 
 pain flashed in her cornflower-blue eyes . 
 of course . 
 i exhaled in disgust . 
 viggo had hired thugs everywhere . 
 this was obviously a well thought-out contingency plan on his part . 
 the young woman 's mother was likely chained up in a basement somewhere with a bunch of sweaty , hairy men eyeballing her , appalling intentions running through their illiterate brains . 
 `` i ca n't guarantee your witch will be safe here , '' mage began , regarding the woman with disapproval , `` among this crowd . '' 
 `` oh , we 've taken care of that ! 
 show them , ileana , '' viggo said . 
 ileana lifted a shaking hand to her neck and pulled a tiny vial on a chain from her collar . 
 `` is n't it lovely ? '' 
 viggo crowed . 
 `` she stole it from one of her teachers . 
 it makes her blood toxic . 
 anyone who bites her will die . '' 
 my attention shifted from the vial-a powerful weapon that the fates must have played a part in creating-to the girl . 
 her trembling knees knocked together and she wrung her hands , clenching and unclenching her fingers constantly , clearly terrified . 
 and her young age made her practically useless to viggo ; she would have just learned how to find the magic threads within herself , and she would have few spells in her repertoire-and no idea how to bend the laws of physics to create new spells . 
 there was no hard and fast set of rules around sorceress magic . 
 it took years of experimentation ; the more cautious witches never truly figured it out . 
 and this witchling was weak , judging by the tiny glow of magic radiating from her . 
 the smug fool in front of me did n't know that , though . 
 `` viggo . 
 she ca n't break the merth 's curse . 
 she ca n't get veronique out . 
 she ca n't undo anything i 've done . 
 so let her mother go , '' i pleaded . 
 the child would be lucky to tie her own shoes with her magic . 
 `` gladly ! 
 as soon as you release evangeline . '' 
 viggo turned to the young witch . 
 `` this is sofie . 
 this is all her fault , you know . '' 
 the young witch turned to regard me , contempt flashing in her eyes . 
 i sighed heavily . 
 great . 
 yet another enemy within these walls , thanks to viggo . 
 `` i hope you 're not planning on having her toy with magic , '' mage called , `` considering we have a truce . '' 
 `` yes , i recall sofie could n't use her magic , right ? '' 
 viggo answered , smiling . 
 `` sofie , '' he repeated . 
 mage 's lips tightened , his emphasis not lost on her . 
 `` ileana is not sofie . 
 i have done nothing to break our agreement . 
 and what was that other part ? 
 oh yes , no killing of anyone . 
 that includes ileana , here . '' 
 `` she killed tanner ! '' 
 mage threw back , glancing over at the corpse on the cobblestones . 
 `` in self-defense ! 
 you ca n't hold that against her ! '' 
 viggo was testing her honor , seeing if she would back out of the truce she 'd imposed . 
 it was silly , really ; she could tear both viggo and this witchling to shreds in seconds , if she chose . 
 but from what i could read of mage-which was n't a lot-her honor , or the impression of her honor , held sway . 
 her mouth twisted and she nodded , and i knew viggo had won . 
 `` if her magic causes anyone any harm , i will strike her down . '' 
 i glared at ileana . 
 `` dead . '' 
 `` agreed ! 
 she 's not here to harm anyone ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed , throwing an arm proudly over ileana 's shoulder . 
 she remained rigid , terror-filled eyes looking everywhere but at me now . 
 with an angry shake of my head , i turned and stalked off . 
 the glass panes of the french door rattled as i slammed it . 
 i marched straight over to study veronique 's portrait , as i did every time i stepped foot inside the grand mahogany-and leather-filled parlor . 
 `` i hope you 'll understand , veronique , '' i whispered , anticipating the tales painting me as a wicked sister that those two monsters would spin . 
 and she 'd likely believe them . 
 as lovely and sweet as my sister was , no one would ever have described her as clever . 
 i heaved an exhausted sigh . 
 for over one hundred years , i had waited for the fates to fix this mess and release my baby sister from her tomb . 
 and then , for the last eighteen years , i had spent my days in a bipolar balance of bliss and dread as i watched evangeline grow up , knowing what i had brought down on her , what my deal had condemned her to . 
 i was exhausted , tired of the magic , of the unknown , of the constant fighting with viggo and mortimer , of the hatred boiling inside of me . 
 i had n't always been so angry . 
 yes , i had a temper-nathan had always been quick to point that out . 
 i was his fiery redhead . 
 but that fire had evolved into rot , deep within my core . 
 the only saving grace , the only reason the rot had n't fully consumed me , was evangeline . 
 and i would lose her if i did n't get that damn pendant off her , something i could not for the life of me figure out how to do . 
 each day i poked and prodded the boundaries of the spell 's weave inside my head , delivered to me by the fates in a hard , marble-sized packet of magic . 
 but it was impenetrable . 
 and if that was n't enough , now i had the fate of earth on my shoulders . 
 how would i manage to keep the end of the human world at bay when i could n't even control the mess within these fifth avenue walls ? 
 for god 's sake , i had just unwittingly helped viggo bring in the enemy ! 
 a useless witch , but an enemy , nonetheless . 
 i pressed my fingertips against my temples , trying to ease my tension . 
 i needed to focus on the more immediate task , the one i could handle : an update for leo . 
 he needed to know about the sentinel and the truth of this parallel world . 
 but more importantly , i needed to know how my evangeline was coping . 
 opening my mind up to the portal into leo 's mind , one of the simplest yet most useful spells i had designed over all my years , i reached out , following my mind 's eye as it sailed down the long , blue-tinged tunnel to the link in leo 's head . 
 the link i had planted the night i healed his wife . 
 at the time , i had no specific plans for him ; i just recognized an opportunity to call on a favor in the future , if needed . 
 boy , had i ever taken advantage of my dear friend leo 's debt to me ! 
 i reached the portal in the old warlock 's head within seconds . 
 oddly enough , it looked like a solid little wooden door at the end of a tunnel . 
 i prodded at it , and sensed it open . 
 how is evangeline ? 
 i sent in greeting . 
 and then i sensed something slither up behind my message . 
 like a tiny anchor affixed to my words , something was trailing them there , through the tunnel , to leo . 
 an invader . 
 i slammed the portal shut and sailed back into my own head , forcefully breaking off the communication before leo could send out a probe to reply . 
 someone had tagged onto my message ! 
 few had the skill to pull that off . 
 there were only two possibilities within these walls : the five thousand-year-old vampire who had powers i could n't grasp yet , or the meek witchling who could n't meet my gaze . 
 both seemed impossible . 
 either way , someone would pay . 
 with shock and rage driving each step , i crashed through the french doors to the atrium , unwilling to take the time to open them . 
 shards of glass and wood flew in every direction . 
 i did n't even flinch . 
 only a few ratheus vampires remained in the atrium . 
 the rest , including caden and friends , were either chasing the blood to the cellar or hiding out-away from the new witch , no doubt . 
 mage was nowhere in sight . 
 i marched over to where viggo and ileana stood . 
 the little witch-girl slipped behind him , her guilty eyes going wide . 
 i had my answer . 
 her ? 
 seriously ? 
 that tiny wisp of a thing , her magic immature and weak ? 
 how ? 
 `` oh ! 
 i forgot to mention , '' viggo began , his chest puffing out , `` ileana is something of a genius in her circles-decades ahead of where she should be , and extremely powerful . '' 
 he reached over to lift the chain of her necklace . 
 `` this thing serves a dual purpose ; it masks the power of her magic . '' 
 he smiled knowingly at me . 
 `` i thought it best . 
 i did n't want you feeling threatened by a witch more powerful than you in here . '' 
 so i would n't suspect her of being able to tap into my communication spell . 
 his words only fed my rage . 
 i stalked toward her , my intentions likely clear as day in my blazing eyes . 
 had she been able to locate leo through her probe ? 
 no , it would appear not . 
 viggo and mortimer would be furiously dialing coordinates to rush their henchmen to siberia at this very moment . 
 `` now sofie , '' mortimer began , stepping forward . 
 `` what ? 
 you 're on his side now ? '' 
 i spat . 
 `` i 've never been on viggo 's side , '' he answered bitterly . 
 `` i 'm on veronique 's side . 
 unlike you , it would seem . '' 
 my words caught in my throat with that comment . 
 when i spoke again , my voice was even and cool . 
 `` so , viggo , you seem to have found someone who can tap into communication spells . 
 how clever of you . 
 and quick . '' 
 my eyes darted over to ileana 's face , peeking out from behind viggo 's broad shoulder . 
 what else could she do ? 
 i knew she could n't undo the tomb spell without the pendant , so veronique was n't going anywhere . 
 i was pretty sure she could n't unwind the merth i had so intricately woven through these walls in an impenetrable barrier . 
 but i was n't a hundred percent sure anymore . 
 `` what can i say , sofie ? 
 you 're the one who gave me the idea when you said i 'd have to pry it from your head ! '' 
 viggo replied with a smug grin . 
 `` so , you 've been keeping close ties to evangeline through that bastard traitor . '' 
 fool , i silently admonished myself . 
 but there was nothing i could do about it now , except not allow it to happen again . 
 `` lucky i caught on so quickly , '' i murmured . 
 viggo 's mouth twisted with displeasure . 
 `` yes , well ... i guess you 'll have to cut all communication to leo now , wo n't you ? '' 
 i struggled to keep my expression calm as panic hit me . 
 he was right . 
 i had to sever my link with leo , which meant with evangeline . 
 i would have no way of checking up on her , of knowing how she was doing . 
 and leo would n't send any messages my way now . 
 he would have sensed me shutting down that connection so abruptly , and i had strictly instructed him not to reach out if he sensed anything `` off . '' 
 how long before i could connect with him again ? 
 viggo and i squared off , his smug smile of satisfaction inciting in me the urge to claw off his face . 
 he needed to pay . 
 i wanted him to hurt . 
 i never could punish him before , on account of evangeline . 
 that was n't an issue anymore . 
 i did n't have a vampire 's strength that would match the two thousand-year-old vampire , but i had my magic . 
 magic that could shatter every bone in his body at a steady rhythm that gave them enough time to almost heal properly before rebreaking-over and over again . 
 i felt the evil grin stretch across my face as i glared at him . 
 his cobalt eyes grew cautious , likely glimpsing my intentions , wondering if he had pushed me past my breaking point . 
 but first , i needed to establish the pecking order . 
 i turned to regard ileana . 
 `` rest assured , you wo n't have another opportunity . 
 and if you try anything on me again , you will die a painful death . '' 
 `` i do n't think you are in any position to threaten such a powerful sorceress , '' viggo began , adding sarcastically , `` especially with our iron-clad truce . '' 
 but mage is n't here right now , is she . 
 i met his warning with a sadistic smile . 
 `` you want to see powerful ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 i had always been a powerful sorceress , even before transforming . 
 since then , though , my magic had compounded a hundredfold . 
 these two idiots had no idea what i was capable of . 
 it was time they found out . 
 i raised my hands and thousands of bolts of purple magic shot out of me in every direction with a ferocity i had , until now , hidden from them . 
 glass exploded from every window and door . 
 five stories of balconies came crashing down , the concrete and brick pounding the cobblestones and gardens into dusty heaps , sending the ratheus vampires scuttling for cover . 
 every plant and flower previously untouched now shriveled . 
 with a flip of my wrists , entire rows of cobblestones tore themselves out of the ground and spun in a tornado-like funnel before torpedoing in all directions . 
 in only seconds , i transformed viggo 's cherished atrium into a war zone . 
 only veronique 's statue and the glass ceiling enclosing the atrium remained unscathed . 
 viggo and mortimer may not have understood the power behind the apocalyptic destruction , but ileana certainly did ; her face paled to a corpse-like pallor . 
 let that be a warning to you , little girl . 
 `` i am in exactly the position i need to be , '' i said evenly , then focused on my sister 's vying suitors , `` and while i ca n't kill you two for my sister 's sake , i can certainly make every day you wait for her a living hell . 
 and those days will stretch for a long , long time if you get in my way again . '' 
 mortimer had the decency to remain quiet . 
 but viggo tutted and added , `` temper , temper . '' 
 strangling a cry of fury , i whirled and stalked off toward the red doors , before i burned him where he stood . 
 mage was waiting for me in the doorway . 
 damn it ! 
 of course my destruction of the atrium would n't go unnoticed . 
 i held my hand up as i walked past her . 
 `` i know ! 
 i 'm sorry . 
 it was an exception . 
 none of it was directed at anyone . 
 i needed to prove a point . 
 there will be no more . '' 
 i hoped my brush-off would be enough to mollify her . 
 no such luck . 
 `` it 's unsettling , would n't you say ? '' 
 she observed , her voice soft . 
 `` someone probing your brain , looking for information ? '' 
 clearly she had heard the entire confrontation . 
 `` can you blame me ? '' 
 i continued up the stairs . 
 she said nothing in response . 
 `` if she does it again , she 's dead , '' i warned with conviction as i threw open the red doors , adding stubbornly , `` and no truce will hold me back . 
 i do n't care what you do . '' 
 `` i would help you . '' 
 her words stopped me , not so much because they came as a surprise as because they seemed suspiciously truthful . 
 they left me believing i could trust her , something i knew i most certainly could not . 
 i turned to face her , towering over her petite frame even though i was of average height . 
 `` is there something else you need ? '' 
 my tone did n't seem to bother her . 
 `` you had troubles getting the blood ? '' 
 troubles ... i groaned as my palm flew up to my forehead . 
 with the witchling and the tap into my head , i had forgotten about that disaster . 
 i was dealing with so many different messes , my head spun . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 of course . '' 
 mage needed to know . 
 i wondered if the attack was on the news already . 
 she joined me and we walked side by side into the building , me detailing the grim reality that was unfolding to my untrustworthy new ally . 
 4 . 
 enemies and allies `` of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world , she walks into mine , '' leo recited in a startlingly authentic american accent as we watched the movie credits roll on the flat screen , the reflection glinting off the window glass against the backdrop of night . 
 it was after eleven now , but darkness had fallen many hours ago . 
 `` casablanca is my favorite movie , you know , '' he added with the excitement of a child arriving at a fair . 
 you do n't say ? 
 max muttered from his spot on the floor beside the sectional i shared with julian . 
 the sarcastic comment earned a snicker from me before i could stifle it . 
 it was the fourth time leo had made that announcement . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm only seeing it now , '' i said as i leaned over to grab another fistful of buttery popcorn from the ceramic bowl . 
 i stole a glance at julian and caught his eyes on me . 
 i smiled . 
 he smiled back but said nothing . 
 he seemed tired . 
 his olive complexion had n't completely returned yet . 
 we had spent the entire day in the great room , sprawled out on either side of the gray sectional couch as julian recovered from his near-death trek . 
 the servants quietly swept through several times during the day to bring snacks and hot drinks , which we readily accepted , julian surprising me with the manners of a well-trained schoolboy . 
 otherwise , no one said two words to us . 
 after i had divulged the secrets behind my connection to the vampires , julian must have felt the need to reciprocate , because he gave me a summary of his life , from his early grade school days in colombia to his american all-boys private school to being accepted into harvard medical school just this year . 
 it was a fairly normal-if privileged-life for the son of a colombian drug lord and slave-monger and it helped strengthen my sense of connection with my human companion in this isolated part of the world . 
 we may have come from very different backgrounds , but we were equally confined by vampires . 
 as the day progressed and julian 's chattiness waned , i plugged in one of the seven hard drives sitting beside the forty-two inch plasma screen . 
 no one could say sofie had n't prepared for years of entertainment . 
 we settled on a marathon of goofy sitcoms and movies . 
 julian and i seemed to have the same tastes in shows . 
 that was a good thing , given we would likely be watching a lot of them together . 
 it was dinnertime when leo resurfaced from his room , his skin chalky , supporting himself on the furniture as he shuffled into the great room . 
 in a burst of energy , julian sprang from the couch to rush over and pull out a chair at the dining table for the old man , then offered to fetch some of magda 's delicious broth , if the beef goulash was too heavy . 
 his attitude toward leo had changed drastically since the old warlock had saved his life . 
 watching the exchange quietly from my nook on the couch , i smiled . 
 perhaps living here together would work after all . 
 `` oh , i 'm not surprised it took being exiled to the middle of nowhere by a vampire for you to sit down and watch this classic . 
 you young folks and your mtv and video games-or whatever the newest thing is , '' leo muttered as he pointed the gray plastic remote at the television and shut it off . 
 `` no appreciation for the arts . '' 
 he struggled to rise from his chair . 
 julian threw his blanket off and slid for his corner of the couch to rise and reach for leo 's arm , but leo waved him off , adding grumpily , `` i 'm not a geriatric ! '' 
 julian flinched as if struck . 
 `` but thank you for your concern , '' leo quickly added , his tone more civil . 
 the old irishman managed to get to his feet and hobbled over to the fire . 
 `` ca n't seem to keep the warmth in this drafty place , '' he murmured as he leaned over to grab a log , bracing his other hand on the stones of the fireplace . 
 testing the weight of the log , he changed his mind and grabbed a smaller log . 
 with some effort , he heaved it into the fire . 
 a twinge of worry nagged at me , seeing such crippled movements where only days ago he 'd been a spry seventy-eight-year-old , practically bounding around . 
 it was as if he had aged twenty years overnight . 
 the exertion required for that spell to transport me here , followed by healing julian , was proving too much for him . 
 he should be resting . 
 `` leo , why do n't you just use your magic for the fire ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i enjoy stoking the fire . '' 
 he demonstrated by poking the logs with the iron prod to kindle the flames . 
 `` and if i used my magic for everything i could , rigor mortis would have set into this old corpse by now . '' 
 leo a corpse . 
 dead . 
 the very thought brought a pang of grief to my stomach . 
 he was my ally , my magical guardian , along with max . 
 more , i felt a strange kinship to him , finding his sympathetic pats and gentle nods so ... grandfatherly . 
 i had never met my grandfather . 
 i had no idea what it was like to have one . 
 yet , if i closed my eyes and tried to picture my mother 's father , leo 's weathered , smiling face was the first to appear . 
 i could n't have him dying while protecting me . 
 maybe sofie could heal him ... if i could just get her here , somehow . 
 `` have you heard anything more from sofie ? '' 
 leo opened his mouth to speak , then clamped it shut as his eyes darted to julian . 
 `` i 've told julian everything , '' i blurted , earning a loud grumble of disapproval from max . 
 leo 's grim face indicated his agreement with my disgruntled canine . 
 `` of course you have , silly girl , '' he muttered , exasperation in his voice . 
 `` you 've learned nothing ! 
 i think you may be allergic to secrecy . '' 
 `` yes , i have learned ! '' 
 i retorted , defiantly thrusting out my chin . 
 i certainly had learned about the advantages of keeping secrets from vampires and witches . 
 `` but look at him ! '' 
 i threw my hand out to point at julian , who now squirmed uncomfortably on the couch as we discussed him . 
 `` he 's a human . 
 he 's harmless . '' 
 leo 's mouth curved in a condescending smirk . 
 `` you assume humans are harmless ? '' 
 `` no , but ... '' i stumbled over my words . 
 in the end , there was only one answer i could give : the one that made sense . 
 `` he has a right to know . 
 just as i did . '' 
 sympathy smoothed leo 's frown . 
 with a slight nod , he settled into the tawny leather chair beside the fire . 
 julian and i waited in silence as he pulled his pipe out from his vest 's inner pocket . 
 he took his time unraveling the small burgundy packet of tobacco and tapping the corner of it on the edge of his pipe , filling its bowl . 
 my patience finally ran out . 
 `` so , about sofie . 
 have you heard from her ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 leo paused and finally shook his head , concern filling his gray eyes . 
 `` well , ca n't you send her a message ? '' 
 i turned to julian , now sitting on the couch . 
 `` they can talk to each other through some sort of communication spell sofie set up years ago when she was helping - '' `` no . 
 i ca n't , '' leo cut me off , scowling his annoyance . 
 i bit my lip , silently admonishing myself . 
 leo and sofie 's relationship was a private story that leo had entrusted me with , i realized . 
 maybe i am allergic to secrets ! 
 only i did n't know it was a secret ... `` helping him with something , '' i finished vaguely . 
 leo held a match to his pipe , then spoke through a cloud of smoke as he puffed it alight . 
 `` a few hours ago , sofie reached out to me , only she slammed the connection shut before i could get a response to her . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` why would she do that ? '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` and you finally ask an interesting question . 
 why , indeed ? '' 
 `` well , ask her ! '' 
 leo shook his head . 
 `` there are rules , my dear evangeline . 
 rules imposed by sofie , and i dare not cross that fiery woman . 
 sofie 's extremely paranoid , especially when it comes to you . 
 i learned long ago never to question her . '' 
 he took another puff on his pipe before he continued . 
 `` she warned me not to communicate to her if anything seemed suspicious . 
 abruptly cutting off communication like that is suspicious . 
 under no circumstances am i to initiate a message chain now . 
 i can only respond once she 's reached out to me . '' 
 `` well , did you guys agree on a schedule , at least ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` so ca n't you ... '' i trailed off . 
 what could he do , given the limitations sofie had imposed ? 
 i felt my shoulders slump with disappointment , then tense as panic set in . 
 leo sighed heavily . 
 `` look ... i 'm going to tell you everything i know because i think you can handle it and because you 've been lied to enough for one lifetime . '' 
 he paused again as he fumbled with his pipe . 
 `` if she has n't sent a message by now , something 's very wrong . '' 
 his words lost no meaning with me . 
 not just wrong ; very wrong . 
 that brought me from lying lazily on the couch to perching on its edge , my blanket forgotten on the floor . 
 i barely felt the draft in the air though ; my stomach had dropped to my feet . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 is she dead ? 
 are they dead ? '' 
 `` that would be too easy , '' julian mumbled . 
 `` they 're my friends ! '' 
 i snapped at him , his callous remark pricking me . 
 i had no valid reason to expect his compassion for them , but he could show me some . 
 julian 's brown eyes softened and he bowed his head . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i turned back to see leo vehemently shaking his head . 
 `` no , i 'd know if she were dead . 
 i 'd feel the connection break . '' 
 `` and what about caden ? 
 is he dead ? 
 and amelie ? 
 what about bishop and fiona ? '' 
 my voice rose in pitch as i fired names at him . 
 `` they are ! 
 she does n't want to tell me ! '' 
 up until now , knowledge that they were safely in new york city , on the same planet as me , had brought me a security blanket of comfort . 
 but leo 's ambiguity was wrenching that blanket from my grasp . 
 leo 's forehead creased as he shook his head . 
 `` no , no . 
 do n't get all worked up . 
 i do n't think that 's it . '' 
 `` well , then why ? '' 
 `` like i said , i do n't know , evangeline , '' leo repeated calmly . 
 i gripped the edge of the couch and stared at leo , my stomach twisting with near-hysteria . 
 `` so send her a message ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` how mad can she get ? '' 
 the wrinkles on leo 's forehead twisted as he arched an eyebrow at my insistence , and i dropped my gaze to my hands , feeling like a child being scolded . 
 `` what 's the big deal , anyway ? '' 
 i muttered defiantly . 
 `` it 's not like they can find me here , right ? '' 
 `` who ? 
 viggo ? 
 no . '' 
 leo shook his head , then dropped his voice . 
 `` but i 'm sure towns and cities all over the world are being scoured at this very moment as he hunts for you . 
 there are people turning over every location connected to sofie . 
 and they will not stop . 
 not until they 've found you or they 've all died off from old age . '' 
 the buttery taste the popcorn had left in my mouth suddenly turned rancid as i absorbed the implications of leo 's words . 
 viggo was hunting me like an animal . 
 and the end result would be much the same , if they found me . 
 suddenly this mountain was not remote enough . 
 the trees were not numerous enough , the snow not deep enough ; the cabin was so brightly lit , it was a shining beacon , visible from outer space . 
 i had the urge to take an ax to the cables connecting the generators to the cabin and throw us into medieval times-anything that could help hide us from a two thousand-year-old vampire on his eternal mission to get this pendant off my neck . 
 my horror must have been written all over my face , because leo rushed to calm me . 
 `` not to worry , dear girl . 
 they ca n't possibly find you here unless they somehow ... '' leo 's voice drifted off in a chuckle that faded as a thought struck him . 
 his expression suggested impossibility had become possibility . 
 `` well , not unless they could trace the link to the spell . '' 
 he stroked his chin with a wrinkled hand , deep in thought . 
 a chill ran down my spine . 
 `` and who would help them do that ? '' 
 i asked slowly . 
 another puff of his pipe , this one long . 
 i noticed that julian was hanging off the couch beside me now as well , his attention riveted to leo . 
 we locked eyes for a moment and he offered a sympathetic smile . 
 the old man finally spoke . 
 `` my kind . 
 a highly skilled sorcerer . 
 or sorceress . '' 
 i swallowed around a painful lump suddenly filling my throat and asked weakly , `` you can do that sort of thing ? '' 
 leo chuckled . 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 i ca n't . 
 but ... i would n't put it past someone to figure it out . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` and of course viggo would find that witch . 
 he 's resourceful , that one . '' 
 i remembered sofie 's earlier words about witches and vampires . 
 `` i thought your kind hated their kind . 
 where does viggo keep finding these witches to help him ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` they do hate vampires . 
 yes . 
 so much that they 'll do anything to rid the world of them . '' 
 he leaned forward to inspect the fire . 
 i recognized it as a sign that he was going to launch into a story . 
 `` do n't you ever wonder how vampires were created ? '' 
 `` i have n't gotten to that point yet . 
 i 'm still stuck at the fact that they exist , '' i answered dryly . 
 i heard julian 's low chuckle beside me . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 leo 's head bobbed in understanding as he leaned back into his chair . 
 `` we created them . 
 my kind . 
 vampires are the result of a causal enchantment . '' 
 i do n't know why this shocked me , given everything i 'd seen lately , but it did . 
 i realized my jaw was hanging open and slowly closed my mouth . 
 julian leaned forward beside me , his elbows on his knees , hanging on the old warlock 's every word . 
 words that so few would ever hear . 
 leo grinned , clearly enjoying our reaction . 
 `` about five thousand years ago , a sorceress was searching for eternal youth and immortality for herself . 
 she started messing around with that dark magic . 
 the fates . 
 nasty business , i tell you . 
 anyone who gets involved with them is absolutely crazy . '' 
 leo scowled . 
 `` anyway , they granted her causal enchantment . 
 they gave her eternal youth and immortality . '' 
 the ghost of a smug smile touched leo 's mouth . 
 `` all she needed to do was drink blood . 
 she became the first vampire , the most unexpected outcome of a spell . 
 and the witches have been trying to correct that mistake ever since . '' 
 he added under his breath , `` creating all kinds of other disasters along the way . '' 
 `` the first vampire was a witch ? '' 
 i whispered in disbelief . 
 `` so was she like sofie ? 
 with powers ? 
 what happened to her ? '' 
 `` oh , my kind is n't privy to that much detail . 
 she was ostracized as soon as the transformation happened . 
 it 's said she held on to a few of her powers , but i do n't know . 
 we think viggo knows , but he wo n't tell sofie . 
 it 's his one secret over her . '' 
 of course he knew . 
 viggo was now the oldest vampire , but he had n't always been the oldest vampire . 
 i did n't doubt that he had something to do with this first vampire 's death . 
 he was such a conniving monster . 
 i shuddered , imagining him storming through the side door at that moment . 
 if i never saw him again , i 'd be happy . 
 mortimer ... i did n't fear him as much , not since he 'd dropped his mask for that millisecond in the atrium that day . 
 i knew without a doubt that he 'd still kill me to get to the pendant , but i also knew he would n't take sadistic pleasure in it . 
 that brought me some small level of comfort . 
 `` so do you think they 'd actually trust another one ? '' 
 he shrugged , sighing loudly . 
 `` who knows ? 
 i should suspect not , given the last ` arrangement ' viggo made , but who can say , with that psychopath ? 
 when he 's desperate , he gets reckless . '' 
 bitterness tinged his voice . 
 i thought a moment . 
 `` so if he did find a witch to help him and sofie does n't send you messages , then no one finds me and everything 's fine , right ? '' 
 leo 's laughter rang hollow . 
 `` yes . 
 for us , everything 's peachy . '' 
 i frowned . 
 i did n't understand this old man 's sense of humor sometimes . 
 leo sighed . 
 `` there are a few other issues that could be ... distracting her . '' 
 my stomach did another sickly dive to my feet . 
 `` other issues besides witches ? '' 
 leo nodded . 
 `` remember that day in central park ? 
 when you were attacked ? '' 
 `` yeah , i seem to recall something . '' 
 i glanced sideways at the dogs as another memory flashed in my mind-this one of the mutt badger 's decapitated head . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` those men with ursula ... they were n't just hired thugs , '' leo explained . 
 `` they were hired ` people 's sentinel ' thugs . '' 
 i felt my forehead crease as i wracked my memory for something to link to the name . 
 no bells . 
 `` have you mentioned them before ? '' 
 leo groaned heavily . 
 `` why must i be the one to explain everything ? 
 the people 's sentinel is a long-standing secret society of humans fighting for humankind against vampires . 
 against anything nonhuman , actually . 
 even against witches . 
 they 've existed for thousands of years now . 
 you heard of women burned for being witches ? '' 
 julian and i nodded in unison . 
 `` the handiwork of the sentinel . 
 in the past , their society numbered in the thousands . 
 then they fell into the background like a sleeper cell , where they 've remained for several hundred years . 
 only now they 've resurfaced and they 're stronger than ever . 
 we 're not sure how many are involved . 
 mortimer and viggo had been lying low for years while this mess with veronique was getting settled-hence the foreros ' involvement . 
 however , we 've started seeing them around again . '' 
 `` well , if they hate the witches so much , why would they have been working with ursula ? 
 are you sure it was them ? 
 maybe you 're mistaken . '' 
 leo leaned over and gestured to the meaty part of his hand . 
 `` because they brand themselves with tattoos on their hand . 
 the markings look like deformed crosses . '' 
 leo 's words jarred forth a memory . 
 a deceptively nice old gentleman 's hand . 
 and on it , a curved cross tattoo . 
 `` i saw it ! '' 
 i confirmed . 
 `` they all have them . 
 stupid , really . 
 it marks them immediately for what they are . 
 vampires can spot them a mile away . '' 
 `` what happened to these people who attacked you in central park ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 `` oh , max and the others got hold of them . '' 
 my eyes closed and i shuddered , trying to shake that gruesome bloodbath from my memory . 
 `` but these sentinel people would have killed me otherwise . '' 
 `` oh ... '' julian murmured . 
 he looked at max . 
 `` good . '' 
 maybe he is n't a complete nitwit after all , max grumbled , earning an eye roll from me . 
 leo continued . 
 `` the only reason viggo and mortimer have restrained themselves from hunting down the sentinel up until now is because of veronique . 
 the moment she is out and transformed , they will go on a mission to rid the world of every last one . 
 i guarantee you that . '' 
 and i 'll be there with fangs on ! 
 max chirped eagerly in my head . 
 not one of them will survive . 
 `` easy , max . 
 that wo n't be for a while . '' 
 `` what 'd he say ? '' 
 julian asked , his brown eyes shifting between me and max . 
 `` oh , '' i reached over to scratch behind max 's ear , `` anyone with a sentinel tattoo pretty much has a death warrant with max , here . '' 
 julian hesitated , watching the dog . 
 `` i do n't blame him . '' 
 he looked back to leo . 
 `` so ... do you think they can win ? 
 this sentinel group ? '' 
 `` they 're only human . 
 what could they possibly do against an army of vampires ? '' 
 i answered before leo could . 
 when i glanced at the old man for confirmation , his eyebrow arched . 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' he drawled . 
 `` how about starting a war that obliterates all of humankind ? 
 sound familiar ? '' 
 my eyes went wide and i gasped . 
 ratheus . 
 a war between humans and vampires . 
 he was right . 
 how could i have forgotten about that ? 
 i was so wound up with my own situation that i had n't connected the dots . 
 `` they likely would n't , '' leo continued , trying to mollify me . 
 `` the easier thing for the sentinel to do is bomb the manhattan building . 
 that would eliminate ninety-five percent of the vampires on earth . 
 they 'd just have to pluck off a few more ... '' i felt the blood drain from my face as a vivid image sprang into my mind of viggo and mortimer 's palace exploding-with caden and the others trapped inside . 
 if caden died , if sofie died , i 'd have no one left . 
 the very thought forced tears to my eyes . 
 `` oh , evangeline , i 'm sorry , '' leo exclaimed , softening at the sight of my distress . 
 `` i do n't mean to sound blithe . 
 i highly doubt that 'll happen . 
 as long as the sentinel is left in the dark about what 's going on inside those walls and about the venom issue , there 's no reason they 'd do something so drastic . '' 
 `` but what if they find out ? '' 
 `` who 's going to tell them ? 
 no one , '' leo assured me , adding sarcastically , `` you 're here . 
 otherwise i 'd be worried . '' 
 i answered with an irritated scowl . 
 now was not the time for teasing . 
 `` is that what happened on this ratheus ? '' 
 julian asked me softly . 
 despite the detail i had gone into earlier that day , i had n't gotten into specifics about ratheus with him . 
 i was n't in any mood to explain those details now , with my body numb , my heart aching . 
 so i simply nodded . 
 `` humans against vampires . 
 the humans lost . 
 they ca n't win , '' i said , my voice hollow . 
 the room fell quiet as we all absorbed the full weight of the situation . 
 well , what we thought may be the situation . 
 julian shifted around on the couch as if unable to get comfortable . 
 he likely would n't be able to-most people become overly sensitive when words like `` war '' get thrown around . 
 finally julian did speak . 
 `` so , how do we stop this from happening ? '' 
 `` we ca n't do anything , up here in the mountains . 
 absolutely nothing . '' 
 leo paused . 
 `` sofie needs to keep the sentinel calm and the witches uninvolved , for starters . 
 we ca n't let any of them know what 's going on inside those walls . 
 nothing about the venom issue . '' 
 `` right , '' julian murmured , adding slowly , `` because if they can kill all these ratheus vampires in new york in one blow , no more could be created . '' 
 `` right , '' leo confirmed . 
 `` they 'd likely attack with full force , trying to eradicate the lot of them before they could create more . '' 
 `` in fact , from earth 's standpoint , it would be best if they did do it . 
 because then there would be no retaliation . 
 the general population would likely never even find out vampires exist , '' julian surmised . 
 no wonder he 's in med school . 
 he 's catching on way faster than i ever did , i thought , even as despair flooded into me . 
 they were talking about my friends and sofie and why killing them would save the world . 
 no ... that could n't happen . 
 there had to be another way . 
 `` and what happens if this sentinel and the witches do n't find out ? 
 if everyone 's all happy and quiet , no one kills anyone ? '' 
 julian asked leo . 
 `` the sentinel is n't going away . 
 not unless they 're all hunted down and killed . 
 the witches certainly are n't going anywhere . 
 whether they fight now or fight later , it 's ... inevitable . 
 but if they fight later ... once the vampires are released and able to breed more vampires to build an army ... '' leo shook his head . 
 `` not good . '' 
 `` ratheus will happen , '' i whispered . 
 i dropped my forehead into my palms . 
 this conversation had gone from horrible to catastrophic . 
 my friends were never going to live in quiet peace , even after they conquered their blood lust . 
 after everything they 'd been through , after a war and seven hundred years of waiting , the course of their lives could now possibly repeat itself . 
 `` are we doomed , leo ? 
 i mean , is this our fate ? 
 are we destined to end up like ratheus ? '' 
 i asked , barely above a whisper . 
 the lines on leo 's forehead deepened as he frowned . 
 `` i 'm not a fan of fate . 
 it breeds concession-a nasty human weakness . 
 besides , there are clear differences between ratheus and earth , the biggest one being sofie 's magical blunder . 
 now , if they were parallel planets , on the other hand ... '' he took a haul on his pipe . 
 `` doom would likely be the operative word . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 earth is not ratheus , i repeated mentally , the reminder helping calm my racing heart . 
 a tiny shred of hope , but something i desperately needed . 
 if caden could just hang on until sofie released them , they could go into hiding , somewhere away from the sentinel . 
 even here . 
 and if we could get veronique out of their tomb , viggo and mortimer could leave new york , vanish from the radar . 
 then this sentinel would have nothing to hunt . 
 or would n't they ? 
 i recalled leo 's words . 
 `` you said ninety-five percent of vampires . 
 not a hundred percent . '' 
 leo winked . 
 `` ugh ! 
 leo , you said no more secrets . 
 there are more ? 
 i thought those three were it ! 
 where are the other vampires and why do n't they help ? '' 
 leo tapped his finished pipe into an ashtray . 
 `` viggo has made enemies . 
 they wo n't come within a thousand miles of him . '' 
 `` surprise , surprise , '' i muttered . 
 leo barked a laugh . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you 're not the only one viggo has screwed over . '' 
 `` what 'd he do ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 `` like i said before-viggo was not the first vampire , but he 's now the oldest . '' 
 `` that means he killed off an older , more powerful vampire ? 
 why ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 `` so he could be the oldest ? '' 
 when leo answered with a noncommittal shrug , julian asked , `` how ? '' 
 leo 's head was shaking before he answered , his eyes widening momentarily , as if strained . 
 our barrage of questions was starting to annoy him . 
 `` i have n't the slightest clue . 
 it took some extraordinary manipulation and acting on his part , i 'm sure . 
 but he is one devious creature . '' 
 leo stood with an exaggerated stretch . 
 `` let 's save the rest of this talk for another night . 
 we 'll have many of them yet . 
 max , you 'll walk evangeline upstairs ? '' 
 leo did n't wait for an answer , of course . 
 he shuffled by , lightly patting my head . 
 `` get some rest , evangeline . '' 
 he nodded once to julian . 
 `` night . '' 
 julian nodded back , and his eyes followed the old man all the way to the stairs . 
 we sat in silence in the great room , brooding over the possible end of the world . 
 suddenly feeling the cold , i tugged my blanket up to wrap it around myself . 
 i burrowed into the corner of the sectional and pulled my feet up so i was curled into a tiny ball , even then wishing i could just disappear . 
 julian , who had moved to sit beside me while talking to leo , leaned back until he was half lying , half sitting and threw his own blanket over himself , but he did n't return to his corner of the couch . 
 yesterday 's awkwardness had completely vanished between us , leaving us comfortable with one another . 
 i rested my cheek on the cushion behind me and quietly studied julian 's profile as he stared ahead into the night , deep in thought . 
 all traces of his scowl were gone . 
 he was good-looking ; really good-looking . 
 and yet there were no sparks as i gazed at him now . 
 nor did i feel anything from him toward me , given his earlier proclamation that i was n't his `` type . '' 
 nothing hung between us and i was happy for that . 
 i wonder what amelie would think of him ? 
 i smiled to myself . 
 julian turned to catch me smiling and frowned . 
 `` i did n't expect smiles after that news . '' 
 the reminder wiped any trace of happiness off my face . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i was just thinking about ... something unimportant . '' 
 `` well , what are we going to do ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 there was that word-we . 
 not `` you , '' but `` we , '' as if he were joining me in this struggle , sharing in my fears and pain so i did n't need to bear them alone . 
 i had another ally . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you heard leo . 
 we ca n't do much here . 
 we just have to hope the secrets remain hidden , that no one who could use this information against them finds out . 
 and then when we get out of here , we find a new life . 
 you 're welcome to come with us . 
 sofie made sure i had lots of money . '' 
 i was n't going to tell him how much . 
 that would just sound like bragging . 
 `` right . '' 
 julian snorted . 
 `` live with a bunch of vampires ? 
 how exactly do you do that ... '' his voice drifted off as understanding slackened his face . 
 `` you 're not going to ... turn yourself into one of them ? 
 i mean , i guess that would make the most sense , but ... '' his tone betrayed his disapproval . 
 i shrugged noncommittally , as leo had earlier , averting my eyes . 
 i knew the answer . 
 so did julian . 
 he did n't need me to say it . 
 he would n't let it go , though . 
 `` how can you even think of doing that ? 
 choose to kill humans , to drink blood ! '' 
 a tremor ran through my body . 
 `` i do n't want to think about any of that , '' i muttered . 
 `` well , you need to ! 
 you need to think about what kind of life that is ! '' 
 he was no longer talking quietly but almost yelling . 
 max 's head lifted , cobra-like , and he eyed a warning at julian . 
 `` i 'm sorry , max , '' julian said , lowering his voice as he addressed the dog-a strange thing to watch from a different perspective , `` but she needs to think about what she 's giving up before she goes and does something stupid ! '' 
 `` it 's not stupid ! '' 
 i retorted , but my voice was unconvincing . 
 maybe julian was right . 
 maybe it was stupid . 
 maybe it was downright insane . 
 all i knew was that the idea of becoming one of them was n't half as scary as the idea of losing all of them , an idea that had just come to life , thanks to leo . 
 i was n't sure i could live as a vampire , but i was now one hundred percent positive that i could n't live the rest of a human life without my vampire . 
 a touch on my calf made me look-julian 's hand on top of my blanket , patting my leg soothingly . 
 `` please do n't cry . 
 i hate it when girls cry . 
 my sister always cries . 
 it 'll be okay . '' 
 i had n't noticed the tears streaming down my cheeks until now . 
 i lifted my hand to rub them away , but julian 's thumb was already there , gently erasing one as it rolled down the bridge of my nose . 
 `` i just feel so ... trapped . '' 
 julian smirked . 
 `` yes , i know the feeling . '' 
 of course he did . 
 his life had been irrevocably changed as well . 
 he had lost his parents , he had by all accounts nearly frozen to death , he had listened to the same devastating possibilities as me . 
 and yet here he was , trying to make me feel better . 
 poor julian . 
 he 's stuck in here with me-a sniveling , self-pitying crybaby . 
 suddenly i felt foolish . 
 there was nothing we could do about the outside world while we were here . 
 sofie would have things under control . 
 she would protect caden and the others . 
 she would keep the peace . 
 my only job was to stay sane until i did see caden again . 
 `` at least we 're trapped here together . '' 
 julian gave my leg another pat . 
 `` it 'll be alright , you 'll see . 
 nothing will happen . 
 no witches casting spells . 
 no sentinel attacks . 
 right now , boredom will be our worst enemy . '' 
 i nodded firm agreement . 
 `` you 're right . 
 we 'll be fine . '' 
 i swallowed the painful lump in my throat . 
 god , i hope you 're right , julian . 
 i turned in soon after , craving the comfort of my pillow , and privacy , but i was far from sleep . 
 my mind spun in ten different directions , replaying parts of the earlier conversation that i had forgotten until now . 
 `` hey max , what other nonhuman things are out there ? '' 
 i asked as i crawled into my double bed . 
 the sheets held the cold , even with a fire blazing in my hearth . 
 oh , this and that . 
 the bed creaked with the weight of max 's body as he leaned up against the frame . 
 `` stop being evasive , dog , '' i grumbled , knowing my reference to his original species would prick his ego . 
 i 'm not . 
 i 'm protecting you from unimportant information that will unnecessarily frighten you . 
 you sleep poorly as it is . 
 `` well , i want to know ! 
 i 'm ordering you ! '' 
 warm air puffed onto my face as max snorted loudly . 
 on the grounds of protecting you and myself , i choose not grant your request . 
 max had figured out the loophole for denying my order ; he was now basically pleading the fifth . 
 `` since when did dogs start following the constitution ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 he answered with that funny grunting sound i recognized as dog laughter . 
 with a huff , i rolled over to put my back to him , pulling the covers up over my ears to shut max out . 
 i spent the rest of the night trying to fall asleep . 
 and failing . 
 5 . 
 transformation `` thirty-two days , sofie ! '' 
 mortimer groaned . 
 `` thirty-two days , penned up in here . '' 
 he waved his arms around the atrium , now an urban war zone , thanks to my temper tantrum . 
 `` how much more of this can we bear ? '' 
 thirty-two days and counting since the day evangeline had returned with an army of vampires . 
 it felt like thirty-two years . 
 i had done six more blood runs since the first , all at night , all uncoordinated , all old-fashioned thievery . 
 the several trucks that had gone missing had made it to the news , only building on the speculation regarding the explosion and multiple deaths outside reggie 's red cross . 
 i could n't do much about it . 
 compelling and erasing paperwork took time and required the freedom to move about . 
 i had neither . 
 not that it mattered anymore . 
 that first run to reggie had made it clear that the sentinel was aware of us , and they had at least one witch-likely ursula-helping them . 
 they had to be wondering what was happening within these walls that would require so many trucks of blood . 
 maybe if we stayed in here long enough , they 'd get bored , i thought sardonically . 
 fat chance . 
 that group had lingered from generation to generation , passing on secret truths and missions , breeding hatred for us . 
 they knew how to lie in wait . 
 ileana was locked in the parlor , quietly working on her spell casting , viggo driving her to exhaustion daily . 
 i could n't see what she was doing . 
 the clever little witchling had learned how to mask her weaves well . 
 but just having someone 's magic so freely circulating through the building set my neck hairs on end . 
 i could see it bothered mage as well , showing daily in her strained features . 
 but as long as ileana caused no one any harm , she was n't breaking the truce . 
 mage 's diplomacy would n't allow her to kill the little girl out of personal displeasure . 
 for now , the merth 's powers still confined the vampires to the building , so things were okay . 
 tense , with a jealous and volatile rachel lurking at viggo and mortimer 's side , with me ignoring caden and his friends while keeping watch twenty-four hours a day , but okay . 
 they spent most of their time in the cellar , feeding nonstop . 
 mage seemed to think it was a good idea ; that , if they could hold their resolve , feeding more would help them . 
 it was counter to everything i knew , but i wanted so desperately to believe her that i readily supplied it as needed . 
 and they needed it . 
 again . 
 i would be making another trip any night now-another random truck hijacking . 
 the spontaneity was safer in one regard-it made it difficult for viggo to execute any of his clandestine plans . 
 who knew what else he had up his sleeve ? 
 he had become so distrusting , so secretive , that even mortimer appeared uneasy around him . 
 i recognized the soft footsteps approaching on my right as mage 's graceful glide without looking . 
 we had spent much of the last thirty-two days together . 
 i was n't sure what was happening-were we becoming friends ? 
 friends who openly declared their distrust for each other ; who were prepared to strike the other dead for any reason . 
 yet a mutual , unspoken respect seemed to be growing-downright sinister for any other species and yet for us , a requirement . 
 i had n't had a friend in over a century , aside from leo . 
 our closeness was driving viggo insane , i could tell-me allied with someone far superior to him , to the leader of a horde of dominant vampires . 
 several times , he stealthily slid a comment or question into conversation , fishing for information on mage . 
 he seemed determined to know about her lineage , where she sat in the pecking order . 
 was she the original vampire ? 
 the one whom the witches on ratheus created just as the witches had created earth 's ? 
 for some reason beyond my understanding , it was important to him . 
 mage remained civil but tight-lipped , divulging nothing . 
 so now viggo kept his distance . 
 mortimer and their snaky sidekick , rachel , followed suit . 
 i was fine with that . 
 `` i think it may be time to time to test our venom , '' mage stated . 
 everywhere in the atrium , vampire ears perked up . 
 viggo and mortimer , previously flanking the statue , suddenly appeared beside us . 
 `` it 's only been a month , '' i reiterated . 
 `` yes , but they 've been feeding nonstop . '' 
 `` on plastic bags . 
 bags do n't run away . '' 
 the chase of a warm , flowing body was as much the addiction as the end result . 
 just talking about it stirred excitement within me . 
 `` we may find ourselves short on time soon , '' mage said softly . 
 unlike me , she was convinced the sentinel were already planning something big . 
 `` would n't you like to know that this was all for something ? '' 
 i was secretly desperate to find out . 
 i wanted to witness a transformation , something i had never done . 
 but i would n't turn this place into a slaughterhouse . 
 `` how many people will we go through in trying ? '' 
 `` who cares ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed . 
 `` i am capable of resisting the urges , '' mage continued , ignoring viggo as she typically did . 
 `` i will be the one to do it . '' 
 i caught a flicker of contempt in viggo 's eyes and could n't help but pause for a vindictive little smile . 
 but then i quickly brought myself back to reality . 
 `` and what about the others ? '' 
 i retorted , my eyes roaming over the group of vampires listening to the conversation , their eyes wide with anticipation . 
 caden and his friends had resurfaced from the cellar and now stood off in a corner , as usual , listening without appearing to care too much about anything . 
 mage turned an icy glare toward those milling around the ruined atrium . 
 `` they will listen . '' 
 so sure of her authority over them . 
 why ? 
 `` and if they do n't ? '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` they will listen to me . 
 and if they do n't , '' her voice turned hard , `` burn them . '' 
 the dramatic gong of the doorbell announced that our guinea pig had arrived on time , ignorant that the invitation from viggo was in fact his death sentence as a human . 
 `` now remember , none of you are to so much as step toward our guest , '' mage called out in a stern schoolteacher-like voice , her eyes on the door . 
 `` and if you do , you will die where you stand . '' 
 a chorus of hisses and grunts rose from the cowering group , who likely feared that their lack of control would inadvertently get them torched . 
 my eyes flicked over caden and the others . 
 please do n't be the ones to test mage 's threat . 
 the doorbell rang a second time . 
 our guinea pig was impatient . 
 reaching the exterior door as only i could , i punched in the code that only i knew . 
 the door lock released and the door creaked open . 
 `` good afternoon , mr. adesina . '' 
 i shot one of my flashiest smiles at the towering nigerian . 
 he peered over his sunglasses to appraise me from head to toe , intentionally keeping his expression indifferent . 
 but i knew otherwise . 
 lewis adesina-his first name was n't really lewis but that 's what he went by-was very much interested in what this address had to offer him . 
 lewis was an astute businessman and a high-end drug dealer now residing in the wealthier part of queens , looking for ways to expand his enterprise . 
 he had piqued viggo 's interest years ago and viggo kept tabs on him , silently channeling business his way , watching the man 's wealth grow . 
 that was how viggo worked . 
 he nurtured the up-and-coming , all while extorting pertinent information needed to swiftly clean out accounts-both local and offshore-once his subject amassed greater wealth . 
 doing this for two thousand years had garnered an obscene return on viggo 's investment and efforts . 
 lewis was now valued at somewhere around eight digits . 
 he made the perfect victim . 
 `` right this way , '' i said warmly , gesturing down the tunnel . 
 he removed his trench coat and folded it over one arm of his custom-tailored navy pinstripe suit . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 his eyes roamed the tunnel as we walked . 
 i chuckled . 
 `` do you normally accept invitations to strange places with no idea why you 're going ? '' 
 he threw a contemptuous glare my way . 
 `` when the address is fifth avenue , i 'm willing to be surprised . '' 
 that earned another sadistic laugh . 
 `` oh , you 'll be surprised , alright . '' 
 wariness edged into his aura . 
 not fear . 
 guys like this did n't scare easily . 
 but soon it would come . 
 lewis nervously adjusted his draped coat and the sparkle of a diamond-encrusted watch caught my eye . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 `` so the meth business is quite profitable for you , i see . '' 
 lewis pursed his lips and shot me a look of smug disapproval , but said nothing . 
 `` it takes an exceptionally revolting kind of person to nurture fourteen-year-olds into addicts and prostitutes , '' i prodded , thoroughly enjoying the moment . 
 it was like poking a cornered rabid raccoon with a long stick . 
 lewis sneered . 
 `` i do n't know who you are , lady , but do n't mess with me ... '' his voice faded as we reached the gaping hole that opened onto the destroyed atrium . 
 and his death . 
 his eyes widened with surprise . 
 `` what the hell happened in here ? '' 
 `` someone messed with me , '' i answered flippantly . 
 his deep laughter filled the tunnel . 
 he thinks i 'm joking . 
 he lifted long legs over fallen bricks and followed me into the atrium . 
 a new wave of his wariness filled my nostrils . 
 mage was waiting . 
 `` hello , lewis . '' 
 i glanced to my left , where the others huddled in a far corner , shifting their weight from one foot to the other as they watched intently , their eyes morphing . 
 it was as if they could sense the blood pumping through millions of vessels nearby , but they could n't figure out how to get to it . 
 lewis gave mage the once-over , as he had done to me . 
 `` i 'm a busy man . 
 what can you do for me ? '' 
 he answered , peering arrogantly from his greater height at the diminutive woman before him . 
 her coal-black eyes lit up . 
 `` oh , something very important . 
 we can give you immortality . '' 
 mage smiled sweetly as she glided forward . 
 `` you 're here to test our venom , so let 's get started . 
 i 'm going to inject my venom into you and we 'll see if you survive or not . '' 
 mage 's announcement was so simple , it was as if she were explaining a basic dental procedure . 
 but lewis was n't distracted from her words `` what the - '' mage was instantly beside lewis , her leg flying out to knock him to his knees , her dainty hand seizing his chin and effortlessly forcing his head back . 
 hideous , pulsating veins engulfed the whites of her eyes as she leaned forward-and sank her fangs into his neck . 
 a wave of terror hit me as lewis 's fear overwhelmed his aura , followed closely by the unpleasant scent of urine . 
 he jerked wildly , attempting to fight off his tiny assailant . 
 in response , mage 's left hand moved to his spine and twisted . 
 i heard a sickening snap and his body slackened . 
 there was no more fight from lewis . 
 mage took her time , slowly draining him of his blood . 
 his face grew chalky , his eyes glassy . 
 he would die if she did n't complete the process soon . 
 `` mage , '' i warned . 
 bloodshot irises rose and locked with mine . 
 `` the test , '' i reminded her in a slow , even voice . 
 she blinked . 
 and then her lip curled slightly-a sign of the pain that came with the release of her venom . 
 lewis adesina 's limp , unresponsive body dropped to lie in a heap on the ground as mage retracted her fangs , finished . 
 now sated , her eyes quickly reverted back to their normal coal black as she called , `` someone-a towel , if you please ? '' 
 blood covered her chin and hands . 
 neither viggo , mortimer , nor i moved , our focus riveted on lewis . 
 luckily , whatever had kept the ratheus vampires pinned in the corner no longer held them ; jonah instantly appeared beside her with a white cloth . 
 `` thank you , jonah . '' 
 she dabbed at her face . 
 `` it 's been so long since i 've changed a human ... i forgot what it felt like . '' 
 with a black high-heeled boot-one of evangeline 's that , though two sizes too big , i had grudgingly given her-she nudged lewis in the ribs . 
 a feeble moan escaped him but he remained motionless . 
 intrigued , i moved closer to inspect our test subject . 
 `` ah , that 's right . 
 our sofie is a virgin ! '' 
 i shot an annoyed glare at viggo , who returned it with a smug grin . 
 he was right , but he did n't need to announce it . 
 i had never witnessed a transition and , having not experienced the typical method myself , i did n't know what to expect . 
 mortimer had described the stages to me once , about seventy years ago . 
 if it worked as planned , mage 's venom was snaking through every vein in lewis 's body , spreading like wildfire to infect every inch of him ... suddenly his body spasmed . 
 like a skittish cat , i jumped back several feet , earning a chorus of chuckles from the audience . 
 i giggled nervously , embarrassed at being surprised so easily but also filled with exhilaration . 
 few things surprised me . 
 i crouched and crept in slowly again . 
 his eyes were still closed . 
 `` it 's beginning , '' viggo whispered , pointing to a bead of sweat running down lewis 's forehead . 
 ten more beads followed in quick succession . 
 then , with another violent spasm , the half-digested contents of his stomach shot out of his mouth , barely missing me . 
 `` thanks for the heads-up , '' i muttered dryly , deciding to observe from a safe distance . 
 was it really working ? 
 i wonder if ... with one eye on mage , i plucked a magical helix and let it slowly float toward lewis , ready to probe . 
 coal-black eyes flew to me instantly . 
 she could see it ! 
 would she say anything ? 
 would she complain that i was going against the truce ? 
 the slightest nod and the shadow of a smile told me she would n't . 
 it would be our little secret . 
 my magic invaded lewis , burrowing through walls of tissue and muscle without reservation to reach his vital organs . 
 like microscopic probes , the strands found his kidneys , his liver , his heart , all shutting down , hardening into ornaments without purpose . 
 i tested his body temperature . 
 it was plummeting . 
 i flashed the smallest smile back to mage , my only indication to her that things were going as planned . 
 one step closer ... for the next hour , a ring of vampires circled lewis 's corrupting body , watching the violent spasms and shivers with interest . 
 an hour that felt like ten . 
 the shivering finally stopped . 
 the color began to return to his dark skin , bringing with it a more youthful , healthy look , wiping away blemishes and imperfections-subtly , the awkward bump on the bridge of his nose smoothed and his left nostril , wider than the right , evened out . 
 it was mesmerizing , watching the birth of a true predator . 
 lewis 's eyelids suddenly flew open . 
 rich hazel irises rolled as he gazed around the atrium , studying the smallest movements and details . 
 in a split second he was on his feet , taking in the audience who watched him as if he were a prize animal at a zoo . 
 mage 's venom had worked . 
 we were no longer an endangered species . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 viggo whispered , echoing my thoughts . 
 he gave mortimer 's shoulder a friendly slap . 
 normally mortimer would shake it off , but today he was too busy sharing his rival 's cheer to even notice . 
 mage smiled triumphantly . 
 `` satisfied ? '' 
 `` oh , immensely ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed . 
 i had never seen him this genuinely giddy , ever . 
 `` good . '' 
 mage 's hand shot forward . 
 loud gasps and cries erupted from the onlookers as it drilled into the vampire lewis 's chest and wrenched his heart out . 
 his body dropped straight to the ground . 
 she tossed the bloody , unbeating thing to the cobblestones beside me . 
 `` sofie . 
 would you mind ? 
 we do n't need another mouth to feed right now , '' she explained as i gaped at her , caught completely off guard . 
 i realized she was right-callous , but right . 
 with a pull of a magical thread and a flick of my wrist , the former new york city drug lord and his detached heart were engulfed in flames . 
 every vampire , including caden and his friends , scattered to the far corners of the atrium , leaving behind only a silence bred of fear and shock . 
 for me , this was so much more than one new vampire . 
 this was my one hundred and twenty-year-old blunder , finally corrected . 
 this was the fear of spending the rest of eternity with viggo and mortimer breathing down my neck-gone . 
 it was n't over until i got that pendant off evangeline 's neck , but it was one enormous step closer . 
 and when i got that pendant off ... i could keep her . 
 for the past eighteen years , i had dreaded the day evangeline 's mortal human body withered and aged , the day i was forced to lower her into the ground-a mother 's worst nightmare . 
 but now , i could keep my sweet little girl with me forever . 
 once i figured out how to get that pendant off her , she was free to become one of us . 
 and as long as caden survived , i knew there was nothing she 'd want more . 
 mortimer 's booming voice disrupted my reverie . 
 `` do you know what this means ? '' 
 his tone was heading in a direction i knew very well : fury . 
 he moved to tower over me . 
 `` veronique could be released right here-right now ! '' 
 `` if it meant evangeline would n't die then yes , that 's what it would mean , '' i answered coolly , meeting his glare . 
 `` but that 's not possible and so you will wait . '' 
 he was n't backing down . 
 `` you ca n't keep us within these walls forever . '' 
 `` oh , but i can , '' i answered with cold certainty . 
 `` you have to give in soon , '' viggo 's voice joined mortimer 's like an echo . 
 `` you ca n't protect everyone all the time . '' 
 his calculating eyes flitted toward caden , who only glared back . 
 `` accidents happen . '' 
 he 's planning something and it involves caden dying . 
 my stomach tightened . 
 the very idea terrified me . 
 `` give in ? '' 
 i repeated , feeling my lips stretch into a malicious smile . 
 i would not allow him the satisfaction of rattling me . 
 `` never , '' i hissed . 
 `` we 'll see , '' viggo sang , pulling out his cell phone . 
 `` until then , i have some money to move ... ileana ! '' 
 he bellowed , heading toward the library . 
 the grandfather clock gonged once . 
 one a.m. `` where are you , caden ? '' 
 i whispered , wandering aimlessly , the size of this palace more daunting than usual . 
 since viggo 's overt threat earlier today , i was especially vigilant in knowing the whereabouts of evangeline 's friends at all times . 
 viggo would have to be insane to do something to caden or the others , i reminded myself . 
 he needed me to get out of this building . 
 he needed me to free veronique . 
 if he killed caden , he was as good as dead . 
 he realized that , did n't he ? 
 the truth was , i suspected viggo was in fact insane . 
 and now i could n't find caden . 
 not in the cellar . 
 not in evangeline 's room . 
 not in the atrium . 
 i wove in and out of rooms , stumbling upon ratheus vampires everywhere as they inspected technology , rooted through closets , soaked in jacuzzis , or otherwise distracted themselves with luxuries long since lost to them . 
 it had taken almost a month of constant feeding , but finally they had ventured out to other parts of the building besides the cellar and the atrium , their thirst somewhat sated . 
 now most lingered in the inner rooms , keeping as far away from the paralyzing merth boundary as possible . 
 i was fine with that . 
 i pushed open the solid mahogany door leading into leo 's quarters , a large room decorated with eighteenth century masculine flair . 
 it sparked renewed frustration . 
 i had n't talked to him since viggo 's witch showed up a month ago . 
 i had no idea how evangeline was doing and it was driving me nuts . 
 but at least i knew she was safe from this mess . 
 leo 's room was empty . 
 i turned to leave ... and froze , my eyes noticing a pair of man 's black dress shoes poking out from the edge of the bed . 
 a nauseating wave of deja vu washed over me and i had to grab hold of the door frame for support . 
 please , no ... i ran and dove over the bed , coming face to face with flat , death-filled eyes . 
 but not jade eyes . 
 not caden 's eyes . 
 they belonged to one of the other ratheus vampires . 
 a small sigh of relief escaped me . 
 only a small one , though , because i now had a new problem , i realized . 
 rolling off the bed , i squatted beside the male vampire and spotted two gaping holes in his neck where fangs had entered . 
 murdered by his own kind . 
 his own kind , who was now a mutant . 
 `` why would someone do that with all this human bl ... '' my words drifted off . 
 to escape . 
 oh , god . 
 a mutant running loose in new york ! 
 could it be ? 
 had it gotten out yet ? 
 eyes wide with panic , i bolted out of leo 's suite . 
 how could i stop it ? 
 where would it make its escape ? 
 oh , god . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 overwhelmed by desperation , i did the only thing i could think of . 
 `` mage ! '' 
 i called out in a harsh whisper , hoping it would n't attract viggo or mortimer 's attention . 
 none of the ratheus vampires would come-they seemed happy to keep their distance from their council leader after witnessing her ruthlessly ending lewis 's life . 
 no response . 
 `` mage ! '' 
 i called , a little louder . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i whirled , teetering slightly as i lost my balance . 
 i never lost my balance . 
 mage frowned as i stumbled . 
 jerking my chin toward leo 's room , i grabbed her arm and led her to the body , afraid that any words would be overheard . 
 i watched the fire of rage alight in mage 's black eyes as she stared at the body . 
 `` jonah . 
 he 's behind this , '' she whispered hoarsely , adding , `` i was afraid of this ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? 
 jonah 's already a mutant , '' i said , confused . 
 `` he can already get out and you promised he would n't try ! '' 
 `` no , he would n't defy me on his own . 
 but if he could coerce a group to join him - '' `` a group ? '' 
 a new wave of panic hit me . 
 `` you mean there may be more mutants ? '' 
 `` there most certainly are , '' mage answered . 
 her voice held no room for doubt . 
 `` i have to find caden . '' 
 what if someone targeted caden ? 
 or the others ? 
 now it was n't just viggo after him . 
 it could be anyone ! 
 `` they 're in the theater , '' mage said . 
 `` go find them and bring them back . 
 we need all the help we can get . 
 i 'll check around the building to see if there are any more bodies . 
 i hope we can stop them before they escape . '' 
 i nodded , glad that mage had swiftly and expertly taken control of the dilemma . 
 she crouched down and shoved the body under the bed . 
 `` we 'd better keep this under wraps for now . 
 who knows what viggo and mortimer will do when they find out . '' 
 i knew . 
 it would set them over the edge . 
 it would be an excuse to break the truce , a way to force me to drop the merth wall . 
 viggo would blame me for all this . 
 he would punish me . 
 he would attack . 
 i had to get to evangeline 's friends before anyone else did . 
 i ran for the theater , bursting through the heavy black doors to see a curly blond head in the front row , giggling hysterically at the comedy on the screen . 
 three others flanked her . 
 `` oh , thank god ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 all four were instantly up and facing me , their eyes wide with concern . 
 `` sofie ! 
 we 're not supposed to be talking to each other ! '' 
 amelie whispered . 
 it was the first time she had spoken directly to me . 
 i took a deep , calming breath . 
 `` we have a problem . '' 
 the icy breeze of a chilly december night caressed my cheek as i stood in the third floor room , staring at the gaping window . 
 the wrought iron grill had served as nothing more than a minor inconvenience ; the two center bars had been torn free . 
 the mutants had escaped . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hollow . 
 beside me , mage let out a heavy sigh . 
 `` five . '' 
 five bloodthirsty , hideous mutants running loose in new york city . 
 `` what a disaster , '' i moaned , rubbing my temples with my fingertips as if soothing a headache . 
 if a vampire could actually develop a headache , this nightmare would certainly cause one . 
 `` i should have killed him when i had the chance . '' 
 i shot a reproachful glare at mage . 
 `` i agree . 
 this is my fault . 
 jonah 's allegiance to me over the years was unwavering , which is why i protected him . 
 but now ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 sorry was n't going to cut it . 
 i threw my hand toward their escape route . 
 `` but now i have to go out there and hunt down five mutants before they wreak havoc on the city . 
 before the sentinel finds out about them ! '' 
 i was practically yelling now . 
 `` how the hell am i going to do that ? '' 
 `` get me past the merth and i 'll help you , '' mage answered calmly . 
 i snorted . 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 i 'm not letting you out there ! '' 
 `` you do n't have much choice , sofie , '' caden murmured from his spot in the corner , where he 'd been quietly observing our exchange . 
 all four of evangeline 's friends were there , their backs against the far interior wall as if lined up for a firing squad , their faces a row of grief-stricken masks . 
 `` i think i have proven that i can control myself . '' 
 mage folded her arms over her chest , her expression turning icy , eyes as dark as night holding mine . 
 `` get me past these walls and i 'll help you . 
 you have my word . '' 
 `` and what value is your word , exactly ? '' 
 rage froze her face . 
 `` it is binding and unbreakable . '' 
 i believed her . 
 instantly . 
 and that terrified me . 
 in the month that i had known her , she had exuded nothing but integrity . 
 and i was n't easily fooled . 
 not like my naive , sweet evangeline , who would approach a mewing lion caught in a trap . 
 but still , to let mage out ... `` you ca n't take on five mutants , sofie , '' mage added softly . 
 `` you will fail . 
 and you will die . '' 
 and then none of you would see the outside of these walls and veronique will sit in her tomb forever . 
 she was right . 
 even with my magic , i 'd be an idiot to think i could take on five desperate mutants , born from vampires each at least seven hundred years old . 
 i had no choice . 
 i had to take her with me . 
 i opened my mouth , about to concede , when the door suddenly flew open . 
 i turned . 
 great . 
 stalker barbie , i thought as rachel stormed in . 
 `` quite the party in here ! '' 
 rachel exclaimed , tossing lush , jet-black hair over her shoulder . 
 her citrine eyes drifted over amelie and caden , oozing raw hatred as they touched her former lover . 
 `` viggo will be happy to know you 're conspiring together . 
 breaking the truce - '' fabulous . 
 another volcanic mess to clean up . 
 luckily , the gaping window distracted her from spinning on her heels and running to tattle . 
 she hesitantly stepped toward it , careful not to cross into the merth perimeter . 
 `` i knew that bastard would get out eventually , '' she muttered . 
 was i the only one surprised by this ? 
 `` rachel , '' mage began , stepping slowly toward the volatile vampiress , her head cocked innocently . 
 `` you should take a seat over there . 
 relax for a bit . 
 viggo has you working too hard . '' 
 mage pointed to the red and burgundy-striped chair in the far corner . 
 the one within the merth boundary . 
 i studied rachel 's pinched face , expecting to see her throw her head back , waiting for the cackle to fill the room . 
 instead , rachel 's eyes drifted over toward the chair as if contemplating the idea . 
 i watched her take a dozen steps forward-directly into the merth . 
 she dropped to the carpeted floor to lie in a heap , like a wet towel . 
 dead silence followed as five vampires gaped at rachel 's still body , shocked . 
 five vampires gaped . 
 not six , i noticed as i looked over to see mage eyeing me guardedly . 
 she was n't shocked that rachel had taken her suggestion . 
 she had expected it . 
 a strangled gasp escaped me , the answer suddenly so obvious . 
 there was only one reason why rachel would do something so stupid . 
 she had been compelled . 
 compelling a vampire ! 
 that 's unheard of ! 
 `` my , someone 's been keeping secrets after all , have n't they ? '' 
 i hissed , shifting my stance , suddenly on the defensive . 
 mage 's mouth twisted . 
 `` i did n't tell you because you would n't trust me . '' 
 `` no shit , '' i spat . 
 `` did n't tell her what ? '' 
 someone asked from the corner , either bishop or caden ; i could n't tell . 
 it did n't matter . 
 my attention was glued to the treacherous vampire who had just turned more deadly in the blink of an eye . 
 mage answered with an exasperated groan . 
 `` we do n't have time for this . 
 viggo and mortimer could be following any second - '' `` well then , you can just compel them into the merth as well , ca n't you ! '' 
 gasps of comprehension came from the others . 
 my eyes remained locked on mage 's . 
 `` so they do n't know what you 're capable of . '' 
 interesting . 
 mage pressed her lips together . 
 `` we 're wasting time . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and planted my feet firmly to the floor . 
 i would n't get another chance to force the truth out of mage . 
 it was now or never . 
 she exhaled in annoyance . 
 `` there are things i can do that no other vampire can . 
 it 's because i am the first one . 
 the vampire created by the fates . '' 
 `` things like what , exactly ? '' 
 i pressed , silently muzzling my shock over her admission . 
 `` well , i can see and sense magic . 
 you already know that , though . '' 
 there was that crooked little smile again . 
 `` i can also compel vampires . '' 
 her black eyes roamed over to the others as they stifled exclamations . 
 `` i do n't do it often , though . 
 i prefer not to . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't , '' bishop said confidently , as if calling her bluff . 
 as a response , mage waved her hand toward rachel . 
 it quashed further rebuttal . 
 `` how could we not know this ? '' 
 fiona asked . 
 close beside bishop , she clung tightly to his biceps . 
 mage smiled again . 
 `` that 's part of the magic . 
 you ca n't feel it . 
 it 's not like a human coming out of a daze . 
 you feel perfectly normal . 
 you feel as if the idea is yours . 
 it 's a different type of compulsion . 
 it 's more like i 'm ... originating ... an idea in your head . 
 one that becomes yours that you ca n't possibly ignore . 
 you have no idea that it 's actually mine . '' 
 all five of us shuddered in unison . 
 `` so all this time ... '' i wracked my memory of the last month , searching for anything i had done out of character , choices i had made that may have been planted by mage . 
 mage was already vigorously shaking her head . 
 `` no . 
 i stayed out of your head . '' 
 `` bull ! '' 
 the retort flew out of my mouth faster than even i had intended . 
 `` i did ! '' 
 mage insisted . 
 `` partly because it 's harder to influence a cross-breed such as yourself and jonah . 
 partly because i knew you 'd never trust me if i did . '' 
 `` and you think i 'm going to trust you now ? '' 
 i snorted mockingly . 
 `` it does n't matter now . '' 
 `` how does you being able to insert thoughts into our head not matter ? '' 
 caden interjected before i could ask , his tone low , threatening . 
 to say no one in the room was happy would be an understatement . 
 `` because ... '' mage paused , resignation settling on her face . 
 she was n't used to divulging her secrets and it was clear she did n't enjoy doing it . 
 `` once you 're aware of what i can do , it 's no longer possible for me to do it without you seeing it for what it is , rendering it useless . '' 
 did i believe her ? 
 i was n't sure ... mage smiled . 
 `` why do you think viggo has been so anxious to find out if i 'm the original vampire ? 
 he knows what the original vampire can do . '' 
 it made sense ... viggo evaded any questions i had about the first vampire , including what had happened to her . 
 that sneaky bastard . 
 he knew what mage might be able to do to me and he did n't warn me ! 
 i 'd pay him back for that one . 
 `` speaking of viggo , '' mage pressed , `` we need to get going . 
 now . 
 before this mess gets any bigger than it already is . '' 
 as usual , mage was right . 
 there were bigger issues to deal with for now . 
 we both turned to stare at the window . 
 my attention could n't help but drift over to rachel lying on the floor . 
 `` you know i could leave you in limbo , caught within the merth 's hold . 
 powerless , '' i murmured . 
 `` yes , you could . 
 but you wo n't . 
 you 're not an idiot . 
 you realize having me as an ally is a better position to be in than otherwise , '' mage answered without missing a beat . 
 check mark . 
 another right answer , mage . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i glanced back at evangeline 's friends . 
 viggo could stumble on this at any moment , as rachel had . 
 if they duked it out , one of them would die . 
 i could n't risk it , i decided . 
 i guess it 's time to test out your blood theory , mage . 
 `` we 're all going . '' 
 `` if i so much as think you 're getting out of line , i 'll instantly have you bound and gagged with magic , '' i warned the five vampires standing in a row behind me , dressed head to toe in black to blend into the night like cat burglars . 
 purpose and exhilaration shone in their vibrant eyes . 
 and fear . 
 such an uncommon emotion for a vampire , but we were all acutely aware of the consequences if we failed . 
 mage and i more so , given we knew the real truth behind ratheus . 
 i 'd have to tell the rest of them eventually . 
 now was not the time . 
 `` we 'll be fine ! '' 
 bishop assured me , waving away my concern . 
 `` let 's go ! 
 i 'm ready to kill some mutants . '' 
 `` i hope that 's all we kill , '' fiona muttered from his left side , not nearly as confident as her partner . 
 i glanced back at caden and amelie . 
 `` we 're good , honest ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed with a nervous smile . 
 caden attempted a reassuring grin but it came out looking like a grimace . 
 no one was sure of this-except mage . 
 she seemed to hold confidence in them . 
 they had been feeding nonstop for weeks now , gorging on enough blood to last most new vampires a year , at least , and that paralyzing lust that first consumed them did seem to be slowly vanishing . 
 now i glimpsed amelie 's bubbly personality , bishop and fiona 's affectionate nuzzles , caden 's gentle smile-the vampires evangeline had fallen in love with . 
 it was heartening to see what i thought forever gone now suddenly here and real . 
 but could they handle what lay outside these walls ? 
 impatient , i glanced at my watch . 
 only a few hours until the city comes to life . 
 the darkness would help hide the mutants . 
 but with the sunrise ... we needed to stop them . 
 tonight . 
 `` how long before mortimer and viggo discover this window ? '' 
 mage asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` soon . 
 or never . '' 
 they rarely toured the building . 
 but now , with others wandering about , it was going to be hard to hide . 
 `` they will notice we 're gone as soon as they decide to go looking for us . 
 let 's get out before they start looking . 
 okay ... you guys ready ? '' 
 i asked caden and his friends , feeling oddly elated . 
 hunting did that to me . 
 `` hell , yeah ! '' 
 bishop grinned boyishly . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 amelie cheered , earning a groan from caden . 
 `` we 're not going clubbing , amelie ! '' 
 her plump lips turned down in a pout . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's just ... '' caden wrapped his arm around her shoulders and gave her an affectionate squeeze , smiling wickedly . 
 he would be happy to see jonah dead . 
 their pasts held a secret , i was sure of it . 
 i stepped to the edge of the merth boundary . 
 rachel lay unmoving on the tiles nearby . 
 exactly how i should have left you from the beginning . 
 i glanced back at mage . 
 she nodded and moved to stand beside me . 
 like two amiable women , we clasped hands and stepped forward . 
 a prickling sensation like a thousand tiny electric shocks instantly permeated my skin as i entered the merth barrier . 
 it was n't comfortable , but i knew it was nothing near the agony mage was feeling right now . 
 like razor blades cutting into skin-that 's how they all described it . 
 the power of the merth overwhelmed mage 's body and it slackened and crumpled to the floor . 
 i looked down at her frail little body . 
 i could leave her here . 
 it was a once in an eternity chance , and for a short second , i considered rolling the powerful , manipulative vampire over to lie beside rachel . 
 she 'd never have the chance to insert anything into my head again . 
 instead , i leaned forward and grabbed hold of her slender waist , heaved her up , and tossed her tiny body over my shoulder . 
 i stepped onto the window ledge and paused , inspecting the dark alley below for any witnesses . 
 none . 
 thankfully the mutants had n't busted out of a room facing onto fifth avenue . 
 at three storeys up , it was a long way down . 
 for a human . 
 i jumped . 
 the heels of my boots cracked against the pavement beside a dumpster , the impact jarring my knees . 
 almost immediately , mage was fully functional , pushing free of my grasp to stand beside me . 
 she smoothed her black , mock turtleneck sweater . 
 `` thank you for not stabbing me in the back . '' 
 despite myself , i grinned . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 her eyes scanned the dark alley . 
 `` no bodies here . 
 good start . '' 
 `` okay , wait right here . 
 i have to get the others . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 i had just unleashed a five thousand-year-old vampire with unique powers upon new york city and was about to leave her unchaperoned . 
 mage rolled her eyes , such an uncharacteristic act for her . 
 `` stop wasting time ! '' 
 i nodded once , then scaled the wall to get evangeline 's friends . 
 true to her word , mage did n't abandon me while i transported the others down . 
 soon they stood with me in the dark alley , the ability to satisfy their insatiable thirst lying open ahead of them . 
 no merth held them back ; nothing kept them from bolting . 
 and yet each stood frozen in place . 
 in control . 
 fat snowflakes began floating from the sky to speckle our clothes and hair . 
 the temperature was dropping rapidly . 
 it was december , after all ; almost christmas . 
 it would have been beautiful , if not for the situation . 
 but at least the streets would be relatively quiet . 
 `` okay , so now what ? '' 
 amelie whispered , her large , emerald-green eyes widening as a late-night reveler passed the entrance to the alley . 
 `` if you 'd just escaped prison and were looking for fresh blood , where would you go ? '' 
 caden asked . 
 great question . 
 i began walking toward the street , the five of them trailing me like shadows in a v-pattern . 
 i stopped when we reached the sidewalk and scanned the vicinity , analyzing every structure , every object , every movement . 
 across from us stretched central park . 
 the trees along the edge were lined with thousands of twinkling lights to mark the holiday season but beyond them , the heart of the park was vast , shadowy , and concealed . 
 the perfect place for a massacre . 
 would there be one there tonight ? 
 there had already been one small massacre in central park recently , the day ursula and the sentinel attacked evangeline . 
 my stomach instantly twisted into knots , remembering the day i almost lost her . 
 had it not been for max , i would have . 
 i was busy appeasing viggo and mortimer , toiling with my magical weaves to give the illusion that i was trying to solve evangeline 's next steps on ratheus . 
 i was n't doing that . 
 i already knew the answer to that . 
 i was busy trying to dismantle the entire spell when the normally obedient girl hoodwinked leo , turned max 's allegiance , and snuck out . 
 would central park appeal to the mutants ? 
 every direction one turned was crawling with fresh , warm blood . 
 did the mutants have the sense to hide their faces ? 
 i pricked my ears , listening for the bloodcurdling screams i expected to come from any human encountering those demonic white eyes . 
 nothing . 
 that was a good sign . 
 but it would n't last long . 
 `` let me try something , '' i murmured , calling on my magic for a spell weave i had discovered in my regular witch years . 
 it was the result of a moment of madness , after i 'd accused nathan of cheating on me because he refused to convert me . 
 he had taken off in a huff . 
 in a fit of fear-filled rage , i 'd concocted a tracker spell and used it to find him in the woods nearby , feeding on a coyote . 
 i was n't sure if it would work on mutants , but it was worth a shot . 
 i stepped back into the alley , not wanting to attract attention . 
 gathering a hundred helixes together , i held my hands out in front of me . 
 the tiny purple coils appeared between my fingers for all to see . 
 i began weaving them together in an intricate figure eight pattern until both sides were perfectly symmetrical . 
 there . 
 now for something to track . 
 to find nathan , i had used his scent as the target-easy , because his scent lived on everything i owned . 
 but now i had no scent to track the mutants . 
 an idea struck me . 
 `` quick . 
 i need blood , '' i called out . 
 mage 's hand was there in an instant , a sharp piece of metal in her other hand . 
 `` on the links . 
 lots of it . '' 
 she ran the jagged edge across her wrist without flinching , opening up a wide gash . 
 blood streamed out onto the magical links , saturating them before her wrist naturally healed over . 
 `` that 's good . 
 thanks . '' 
 i hoped it would work , given i had used vampire blood instead of human . 
 there was a chance the links would pick up on regular human-to-human violence in the city . 
 still , it was the best option . 
 i broke the figure eight in half , flinging one bloody , glowing half outward . 
 `` wow , '' fiona and amelie murmured in unison , watching it float away . 
 the guys were busy surveying the streets , caden with his arms folded tightly over his chest and bishop with his hands deep in his pockets , rocking back and forth . 
 both looked anxious but completely in control . 
 this was a good sign . 
 `` it 's a tracker , '' i explained . 
 `` not exactly subtle , but anyone out at this time will be too drunk or high to be suspicious . '' 
 unless they recognize magic . 
 my eyes shifted nervously to the trees across the street , watching for movement within the shadows . 
 the foliage had long-since disappeared into a mass of blackness-perfect cover . 
 `` pretty , is n't it ? '' 
 mage observed , interrupting my paranoia . 
 `` should you make a couple more , just in case ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 a regular sorceress would be foolish to use her magic in this way , knowing she was going into battle . 
 it took a significant amount of magical reserves . 
 but i had more than enough helixes floating around my body . 
 i went to work , sending two more tracker links out within seconds to do our bidding . 
 `` there . 
 when the links find fresh blood , they send back a message to their sister-half . '' 
 `` so , now what ? '' 
 mage asked , hawk-like eyes surveying the street . 
 i drew the three links from my hand around my wrist . 
 to anyone without a clue , they looked like purple glow-in-the-dark bracelets , the kind teenagers wore to raves . 
 except they were covered in blood . 
 `` now we wait . '' 
 approaching heels clicked against the sidewalk . 
 we all turned to see a young woman in a long dark trench coat and woven red beret hurry past , her furtive eyes glancing down the alley to see six people staring back . 
 she sped up , casting a worried glance over her shoulder at us . 
 that was the worst thing a person could do with a group of vampires behind her . 
 i shifted my weight , ready to ground them with magical ropes if necessary . 
 but they remained still , amelie admiring the woman 's leather boots . 
 not even one vein pulsated in their eyes . 
 i began to relax . 
 maybe mage was right ... bright purple light began flashing in the alley . 
 i looked down at the helix links . 
 one 's identical twin had found fresh blood ; it was pulling me to the right . 
 `` come , '' i hissed , magical bolts of fire ready at my fingertips as i set off at a brisk pace . 
 the streets were nearly empty at this hour . 
 thank god . 
 we passed ten people in the first block . 
 each time , my attention bounced from the passerby 's face and hands-looking for signs of a sentinel spy-to the five vampires traveling with me , assessing everyone 's level of control . 
 each time , mage turned to meet my gaze , to assure me , `` they 'll be fine . '' 
 it was n't much , but it was the support i needed . 
 as if we 'd walked into a solid wall , all six of us suddenly stopped , hit with the pungent scent of freshly spilled blood . 
 both amelie and fiona let out cries of pain , the crushing urge to feed catching them unprepared . 
 caden and bishop each threw their hands out to grab them by their shoulders . 
 `` i 'm okay ! '' 
 amelie cried , though her emerald-green eyes were morphing . 
 i checked all of their eyes . 
 they had all morphed , but none were quite so full of veins as before . 
 that was a good sign . 
 it meant they had some level of control . 
 i moved ahead , hugging the wall so closely that my shoulder grazed the bricks , gaining distance from the others as they hung back . 
 the link was pulling me to an alley ahead . 
 what would i find there ? 
 jonah and his posse of mutants ? 
 no ; trapping and disposing of them all in an alley would be too easy . 
 i slowed to a creep , edging forward until i could peek around the corner into the darkness . 
 no mutants , from what i could see . 
 two fire sparks instantly ignited at my fingertips , though . 
 i was n't taking any chances . 
 caden and bishop came up and flanked either side of the alley . 
 with boyish , commando-like signals , they waved me through . 
 `` how about we stay on guard out here , '' mage suggested , her arms linked through fiona and amelie 's . 
 i nodded and entered the alley alone , heading toward the dumpster in the back corner . 
 my stomach sank as i spotted a trail of red leather , torn and bloodied . 
 it led to the far side of the dumpster , to a pair of long , pale , female legs , lying in a pool of blood . 
 evangeline 's precious face flooded my mind then , paralyzing me for a moment . 
 i forced myself to continue to the other end of the dumpster and looked down . 
 my teeth clenched so tightly , i thought they would crack . 
 there could be no doubt : this was the work of newborn mutants . 
 by the silky material around the woman 's thighs , i could tell she had been out enjoying new york 's nightlife . 
 her last night out . 
 from what i could see of her face , she looked young , no more than eighteen . 
 my heart instantly swelled for her parents . 
 this girl was someone 's evangeline . 
 mage suddenly appeared beside me to observe the body , but only lasted a second before turning around and stalking to the other side of the alley , the blood no doubt the cause of that . 
 `` we need to keep moving , '' she said through tight lips , adding , `` fast . 
 if anyone finds that ... '' she did n't need to finish . 
 i knew what would happen . 
 it would make front page news . 
 i sighed , then muttered , `` we ca n't leave her here . '' 
 we could n't have this much attention this close to viggo and mortimer 's place . 
 the sentinel would certainly put two and two together , if they had n't already . 
 `` then you had better do something , and quick . 
 they 're likely still traveling in a pack . 
 they would n't think to do otherwise right now . 
 but soon enough , they 'll scatter . '' 
 and then we 'd have five mutants heading in five different directions . 
 i brushed away the giant snowflake that had landed on my nose as i weighed my options . 
 i could n't burn the body ; the smoke and flames would draw too much notice . 
 and cloaking spells were temporary . 
 i did n't have time to weave the spell that would mask the evidence properly . 
 those kinds of spells took more time than we had . 
 i looked at the dumpster . 
 a very unimaginative , human way of disposing of a body . 
 `` i 'm sorry for this , '' i whispered , throwing open the top of the large green bin . 
 delicately , careful not to soil my clothes-i enjoyed blood as much as the next vampire , but i did n't enjoy bathing in it-i hoisted the body up and tossed her in , rubbing my hands to get all evidence of blood off afterward . 
 there . 
 at least when she was discovered , it would take time to trace her back to here . 
 i assessed the blood pool on the pavement . 
 perhaps i could lift it all - the second link on my wrist began flashing brilliantly . 
 more fresh blood . 
 the third one went off immediately after . 
 a lot of fresh blood . 
 all thoughts of this crime scene vanished , driven out by fear of what lay ahead . 
 i ran to the others . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 mage asked , faint red lines still marring her almond-shaped eyes . 
 `` this way . 
 quick , '' i ordered . 
 we followed the pull of the links for thirteen blocks , ending up in another alley , in front of a gray steel door , where the scent of blood infused the air . 
 my tongue curled , the coppery taste filling my mouth . 
 i turned to see five sets of eager eyes . 
 `` whatever is behind this door could be hard to handle , '' i warned . 
 fiona and amelie clasped hands . 
 `` we 're ready this time , '' amelie said with stoic conviction . 
 caden reached out to grasp the handle . 
 `` it 's locked . '' 
 with a nod to me , he swung his long leg at the door . 
 it caved in with a loud creak , the frame twisting so badly that the door simply fell over . 
 we stepped down a set of stairs and into a dank concrete hallway . 
 the weak fluorescent bulbs shook violently with each beat of the music pounding in the underground club ahead . 
 they illuminated four large , mangled male bodies sprawled on the dirty concrete , their freshly spilled blood splattered along the walls like abstract art . 
 their size identified them as the bouncers . 
 the mutants had carved through them effortlessly . 
 `` keep moving ! '' 
 i shouted , grabbing hold of fiona and leading the way to a second set of doors at the end of the hall . 
 i looked over my shoulder to find the rest following , struggling but somehow bypassing the bloodied bodies , caden with steely eyes and a hand hooked around his sister 's arm . 
 swallowing the lump forming in my throat , i listened intently at the doors . 
 i heard no screams , no moans , just hammering music . 
 what would we find on the other side , a mass killing ground ? 
 these late-night parties held hundreds , if not thousands of young people . 
 thousands of fast-beating hearts pumping fresh , warm blood through millions of veins-could the mutants control themselves ? 
 i squeezed the metal door handle . 
 the door popped open , the previously muffled music now exploding through the crack as i peered inside-at a sea of moving , gyrating bodies . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 no mass killing here . 
 yet . 
 it was a late-night rave in the giant , low-ceilinged basement of a building , complete with a smoke machine , kaleidoscopic light show , and a dense crowd of wasted revelers . 
 the perfect plucking ground for a hungry vampire . 
 the six of us quickly slipped through the entrance . 
 bishop closed the door behind him , bending the door frame to jam it so no one could exit through that doorway and find the bouncers ' bodies . 
 i spent a few moments scanning the crowd for our repulsive targets but soon realized it would be impossible to find them while standing here , even with our abilities . 
 `` we need to split up , '' caden yelled , echoing my thoughts . 
 mage gestured to bishop and fiona and pointed to the right . 
 caden and amelie followed me as i headed along the left perimeter . 
 `` see ? 
 we are going clubbing after all ! '' 
 amelie chirped as we wove through the edge of the crowd . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 the place reeked of sweat , booze , and vomit but no one seemed to care ; all were too engrossed in bumping and turning into each other . 
 as a human teenager growing up in nineteenth-century france , my nights had consisted of reading books by kerosene lamp and the occasional ball or late evening picnic-nothing like this . 
 i 'd quite happily kept evangeline away from this scene , not wanting her exposed to deadly drugs . 
 ironic , really , given all the other deadly things she was now exposed to , thanks to me . 
 a young girl of no more than seventeen , dressed in a tight , microscopic white dress , suddenly flew out of the crowd to throw her arms around caden . 
 `` you are the most beautiful thing i 've ever laid eyes on ! '' 
 she shouted , her voice slurred . 
 caden smiled politely while gently extricating himself from her arms . 
 `` i 'm flattered , but i already have someone . '' 
 unwilling to take no for an answer , the girl leapt at him . 
 i think she tried to lay a kiss on his mouth but , in her drunken state , missed and buried her face in his shoulder instead . 
 a tiny hand reached out and grabbed a handful of the girl 's long , straight brown hair . 
 `` he said he 's taken . 
 back off ! '' 
 amelie yelled . 
 with a flick of her delicate wrist , she sent the girl flying backward into the crowd ; she took several revelers down like dominoes as she plowed into them . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i grabbed them both and pulled them ahead of me , hoping to get away before a fight broke out . 
 only ten feet away , we passed a group of young men leaning against the wall , and i sensed their despicable intentions as their eyes appraised amelie and me . 
 i recognized their type immediately-they would lure a woman into a quiet location to have their way with her . 
 normally , i 'd respond by batting my eyes-i enjoyed baiting my meal . 
 but not tonight . 
 tonight i needed to deal with five other vile creatures , and it was n't for pleasure . 
 it was for survival . 
 amelie read their lewd intentions as well and , unfortunately , she was n't as focused . 
 lunging at one of the men , she easily pinned him up against the wall and bared her teeth in a snarl . 
 caden yanked her off before she could take a chunk out of the guy 's neck ; before anyone could see her eyes morph . 
 `` amelie ! '' 
 i barked , pushing her forward . 
 `` we do n't have time for this ! 
 i 'll put you on a leash if you do n't behave . '' 
 `` sorry , '' she muttered with a sheepish smile , her irises quickly reverting to their girlish green . 
 we continued along the perimeter of the room , caden now with one hand firmly locked on his feisty sister 's shoulder . 
 my own eyes roamed the crowd , searching in vain for any sign of the mutants . 
 happily , there had n't been an attack yet . 
 they were showing restraint . 
 but i knew they were here . 
 there was no way they could pass up a thriving scene like this . 
 we passed a young blonde man and my eyes locked with his as he attempted a covert look-over while taking a drink . 
 it was enough for me to catch the small mark on his hand-a deformed cross . 
 the sentinel were here , too . 
 they must be watching us . 
 too coincidental to be otherwise . 
 great . 
 well , as long as they remained watchful and nothing more , we would have no trouble with them tonight . 
 i continued shifting through the crowd , marking the sentinel 's location for future reference . 
 and then i spotted them-two people hunched over in the shadows of a dark corner , their black hoodies pulled up to conceal their faces . 
 but their eyes could n't be hidden . 
 demonic white eyes peered out from the darkness , delightedly studying the crowds , scouting their next victims . 
 mutants . 
 there were only two , though . 
 where were the other three ? 
 i grabbed caden 's arm . 
 `` to your left . 
 by the speakers . '' 
 caden 's eyes quickly zoned in and his body jerked forward to attack . 
 i squeezed his arm , stopping him . 
 `` if the others see us , they 'll escape . 
 we need to find them all first . '' 
 `` i 'll watch from here , '' amelie offered , her eyes shifting over to the group of lewd guys by the wall . 
 `` amelie ! '' 
 i warned sternly . 
 `` i know , do n't kill them , '' she drawled , rolling her eyes like a petulant teenager . 
 with that , caden and i slid through the crowd toward the mutants , separating as we got closer and surveying the area around them for the others . 
 i was perhaps twenty feet away when the first waves of magic hit me . 
 someone was casting a spell . 
 i searched the crowd for the source , and immediately locked eyes with mage as she pushed her way toward me . 
 her panicked expression told me she could feel it too . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' i mouthed to her . 
 she jerked her chin toward the nearest exit . 
 i nodded , and turned to locate caden and amelie . 
 i came face to face with cloudy irises . 
 a man stood two feet away , average-looking and on the smaller side , staring at me with empty , dead eyes-not dazed as if compelled ; dead . 
 i turned in a full circle , seeing the others closing in , encircling us-eight zombie-like men in total . 
 i watched with odd fascination as three hands floated up to seize my shoulders and arm . 
 the instant their fingers made contact , i felt it-magic , oozing out of them . 
 no emotions . 
 no intentions . 
 magic . 
 they were under a witch spell . 
 what kind , i had no idea . 
 something hypnotic and very powerful . 
 i reached up and picked off one of the hands , quickly scanning it for markings before i dropped it . 
 no sentinel cross . 
 these were just plain old humans under the spell of a witch , obviously intent on getting to me . 
 it had to be ursula . 
 i twisted and shook my body to toss the other two hands off me . 
 i began moving forward , trying to push through the circle . 
 the man directly in front of me reached toward the back pocket of his jeans . 
 his hand returned , brandishing a knife . 
 i could n't help it , i laughed . 
 what did that idiot ursula think a knife would do ? 
 i prepared for the zombie 's clumsy lunge , one i could easily outmaneuver . 
 only it did n't come . 
 instead , he turned the blade toward his own wrist and slid it across his flesh . 
 just as mage had done earlier . 
 blood immediately poured out-fresh human blood . 
 ursula 's trying to get me to attack , cause a scene , reveal myself for what i am . 
 my control was too strong for that . 
 but there were ten vampires in here who could not say the same . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed , sensing someone rushing in from my left-amelie , unprepared for the sudden rush of fresh blood . 
 caden was immediately behind her , and gripped her in a headlock to restrain her . 
 her arms flailed wildly , her clawed hands scratching the air as she screamed in frustration . 
 the crowd was moving back as people sensed the commotion , saw the man 's wrist , the blood . 
 if we could just get out of here ... the glint of a new blade caught the corner of my eye . 
 i turned to see the other zombies brandishing knives as well . 
 with quick , intentional movements , seven more wrists were opened . 
 the overpowering scent of blood hit me like a blow to the face . 
 and then a shrill scream cut through the deafening music . 
 on the other side of the zombie circle , bishop was holding back an equally ferocious fiona . 
 by the pained expression on his face , he was fighting his own urge . 
 he would n't be able to hold himself off much longer . 
 we had to contain this mess now . 
 and just like that , it was too late . 
 four mutants dove into the circle before me , the fresh blood luring them . 
 they attacked the bleeding men like hungry wolves , tearing and slashing with their teeth and hands . 
 drunk and stoned patrons stampeded toward the various exits , crawling , pushing , and screaming the entire way . 
 most could n't know what was happening , what with the strobe lights still pulsating and the music still pounding , the effects challenging their eyes and ears . 
 but their human instincts told them to run and so they ran . 
 pandemonium had officially broken out . 
 mage stepped in behind two of the mutants , too distracted by their victims to notice her . 
 her hands reached toward their backs , and their bodies arched , then toppled to the ground , leaving mage with fists full of bloody hearts . 
 quick and definitive . 
 purposeful , that was mage . 
 throwing the mutant hearts to the ground by my feet , she swiftly dispatched the other two mutants , equally engrossed and oblivious to what was happening . 
 she tossed their hearts to join the others then , looking up at me , mouthed the order , `` burn it all . '' 
 so much for a covert operation . 
 but it needed to be done . 
 all of this evidence needed to disappear without delay . 
 pushing caden and amelie back , i pulled forward a few dozen helixes and wove a fire spell , one hot enough to incinerate bones . 
 i blasted the pile of bodies-both mutant and zombie . 
 in seconds , nothing but ash remained . 
 a vast , empty basement now surrounded us , the music and lights still playing but no humans left . 
 caden and bishop had their arms wrapped around the girls , who had calmed considerably . 
 everyone observed the bonfire with faces filled with quiet worry . 
 the music suddenly cut off , and i turned to see mage stepping away from the speakers , still gripping torn power cords . 
 `` jonah was n't here , '' she announced . 
 one mutant was still loose . 
 better than four , but still . 
 he was free to roam new york city , to be noticed . 
 `` did you see the witch ? '' 
 mage asked me . 
 `` i could n't find her anywhere . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i had assumed it was ursula before , but something about this told me it was bigger than a jealous witch out to get me . 
 whoever it was , they were clearly intent on revealing vampires to the world . 
 `` it 's time we got back home , '' i said . 
 home . 
 what a strange term for our fifth avenue vampire asylum . 
 but it was the safest place for us to be right now . 
 we needed to strategize . 
 we needed an escape plan . 
 and it was time everyone learned the truth about ratheus . 
 6 . 
 werewolves and the possessed `` are you trying to melt the snow with your super-powered stare ? '' 
 julian asked in a bored tone , his chin resting on his palm while he studied the game board on the small table between us . 
 his other hand rolled a chess piece back and forth between its fingers . 
 `` if i am , i suck at it , '' i grumbled . 
 the snow may actually have gotten deeper in the five hours since i 'd sat down in this chair , even with the hot sun beaming down on it . 
 it felt sauna-hot when it streamed in through the bay window of the great room , but out in the midst of the mountains in the dead of winter , it was still probably deathly cold . 
 i did n't know for sure , though . 
 i had n't stepped outside in ... forever , it seemed . 
 `` it 's monday , right ? 
 oh , wait-no . 
 it 's ... tuesday ? '' 
 i could feel my brows pulling together in frustration as i realized i did n't even know what day it was anymore . 
 `` tuesday , i think , '' julian murmured absently , his focus on his next move . 
 saturday , max called from his resting place in a sun spot beside the table . 
 `` saturday ? '' 
 i echoed , feeling my eyes bug out as i did the math . 
 that meant a month had passed since sofie exiled us here . 
 a month with no communication with the outer world , whether through normal human means or otherwise . 
 a month of wondering if my vampires still lived . 
 i assumed they did , but i could n't shake that ominous feeling in the back of my mind that they were doomed , a belief that made me want to curl up in a cocoon and hibernate for the next several years . 
 that belief had also turned me into a wretched cabin mate . 
 i did n't realize it until i hit rock bottom two weeks ago . 
 each night , julian and i took turns picking out the movies to watch and it had been my night to pick . 
 when i rhymed off old yeller , the perfect storm , and steel magnolias , julian finally lost it . 
 he grabbed the hard drive and flung it across the room , then threatened to provoke max into killing him because he could n't stand being trapped in this wooden hut with `` sulky evie '' for one more day . 
 of course max was on his feet and ready to oblige julian just for the fact that he had raised his voice to me , but i quickly stopped the beast , realizing that i had become that whiny , miserable girl that i loathed . 
 the girl whom i somehow had avoided becoming after my mother 's death , when i barely existed because everyone had been compelled to ignore me . 
 even after i found out about the curse , my optimism held . 
 but here , exiled in the mountains and worrying about caden and my friends , i had finally broken . 
 now someone would rather die than be near me . 
 after that night , i tucked the pictures i had so desperately clung to into my nightstand , only to be pulled out for emergencies . 
 i made a conscious effort to force all thoughts of ratheus and vampires out of my head-i tried , anyway . 
 it was impossible . 
 jade eyes and springy blonde curls crept into my thoughts with every silent moment , and there were a lot of those , in exile . 
 `` i 'm going to go nuts , '' i murmured , more to myself than anyone else . 
 rubbing my eyes , i turned away from the blinding glare of the sun reflecting off the snow to look at julian . 
 brown eyes glanced up at me before dropping back to the game board . 
 `` you and me both , '' he mumbled as he moved a piece-i was n't paying attention to which one . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 in the month since leo brought the disagreeable forero son back from death , he and i had become what some might call best friends , whether we liked it or not . 
 we ate our meals together , we watched movies together , we swapped books when the other was finished . 
 we did everything together that did n't require privacy . 
 sometimes we did n't even bother `` retiring '' to our rooms , as leo called it , but instead slept buried under blankets on either end of the sectional couch , finding comfort in each other 's presence . 
 those were the nights when the feelings of isolation were especially strong . 
 i guess i did n't feel quite as alone with julian around . 
 sure , i was never really alone with a three hundred pound werebeast glued to my heels , ready to protect and serve , but having julian around was different . 
 there was a soothing aspect to it . 
 that was the word to describe being around julian : soothing . 
 every once in a while , i 'd find myself studying julian 's face-usually while he dozed on the couch-wondering if i 'd be this comfortable with him in different circumstances . 
 if i 'd talk so casually , laugh so freely , if i were sitting across from that face back in the real world , where we were n't orphans and exiled by vampires ; where i was n't pining over a jade-eyed caden . 
 with those full lips , olive skin , and chocolate-colored eyes , julian was one of those guys a girl like me would probably fall hard for . 
 but i had n't , thankfully . 
 it would just complicate an already thorny situation , especially since it 'd be one-sided . 
 you 're not my type , he had said . 
 that was for the best . 
 right now , i just needed a good human friend . 
 and so my new bestie and i sat in this chalet , day in and day out , looking for ways to occupy ourselves . 
 the task was becoming more challenging with each sunrise . 
 our latest activity was chess . 
 julian had discovered a game board in one of the storage closets two days ago , and offered to teach me how to play . 
 it quickly became obvious that chess was n't my game . 
 `` can i move the horse over here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the knight ? '' 
 he corrected me . 
 `` yes , you can move him there ... if you want to lose this game . '' 
 my hand jumped away from the piece with his warning . 
 i spent the next few minutes reevaluating my options while julian took a turn staring vacantly out the window , deep in thought . 
 `` i wonder what summer 's going to be like here , '' he murmured . 
 `` pretty . 
 long . '' 
 it was my turn to sound bored . 
 `` and then another winter , '' julian continued , his tone flat . 
 `` and do n't forget spring and fall in between . '' 
 i glanced up to find him looking at me , defeat in his eyes . 
 `` long , '' he agreed . 
 i lifted my finger to my temple and made a circular motion . 
 `` i 'm warning you ... cuckoo ! '' 
 julian gave me a crooked smile . 
 `` take bets on who loses it first , you or me ? '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` maybe leo ? '' 
 julian shook his head , chuckling , his deep dimples appearing . 
 `` no way . 
 not davy crocket . '' 
 of all of us , leo actually seemed to thrive here . 
 perhaps it was because he did n't have to answer to viggo 's demands at all hours of the day and night . 
 `` right . 
 he 's rock-solid , '' i said , thinking of the others . 
 `` maybe valentina ? '' 
 my hand immediately to my mouth . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 julian 's face turned solemn at the mention of his sister , who might already be nuts . 
 we had seen little of her since arriving . 
 she spent most of her time secluded in her room , her door barricaded with a chair . 
 for protection , she said . 
 i do n't think she did much else but sleep , based on her head of matted hair . 
 every once in a while she 'd come out to get some icy air or grab a bite to eat . 
 or stare at me with those big , chocolate-brown eyes , long since transformed from innocent into something wild and calculating . 
 i always smiled politely but otherwise i kept my distance . 
 i 'm going to go crazy listening to you two jabber on , max grumbled , rising to sit on his haunches . 
 max was not enjoying his time in the wilderness , much to my surprise . 
 he said it was because there was n't a lot to hunt , this far up in the mountains . 
 it meant traveling a bit , which meant leaving me for at least a day , a proposition he shunned immediately , even with the other dogs here as backup . 
 as a result , he was starving and beyond ornery . 
 two weeks ago , his snark had reached unbearable proportions . 
 i lost my patience , banishing him as i had the night he found julian . 
 he 'd sullenly ventured beyond his comfort zone and stumbled upon a musk deer . 
 when max came back later that night , he was a much happier werebeast . 
 that was two weeks ago . 
 crabby max was making a comeback . 
 i said nothing , shooting a dirty look at the dog while i reached for my next chess piece . 
 i shifted it over a few squares . 
 my move earned an exasperated sigh from julian . 
 `` do you intentionally go against every rule of this game ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 it was the seventh or eighth time i had done something stupid . 
 i slid the piece back . 
 move your queen over two squares , max instructed , his massive head now hovering over the board . 
 great . 
 even the dog knew how to play . 
 with a casual look at julian-not that there was any reason since he could n't hear max-i followed instructions . 
 i knew i was cheating , but i 'd take that over looking like a complete idiot . 
 julian 's hand shifted to cover his mouth , where it sat for a long moment . 
 when he reached forward to his piece , i caught the devious smile . 
 `` checkmate . 
 and there 's no way you can get out . '' 
 oh , thank god it 's finally over ! 
 can we please do something else now ? 
 i 'd rather have my fur set on fire than watch you play chess . 
 i gasped , my brow furrowing in shock as comprehension hit me . 
 `` you sneaky mutt ! 
 you tricked me ! '' 
 julian looked back and forth between max and i and then , realizing what happened , exploded in laughter . 
 `` you 're taking chess lessons from the dog ? '' 
 max snarled with displeasure at the dog comment but julian did n't even bat an eye as he reached out to give the werebeast 's forehead a rub . 
 since max had saved his life , julian was no longer the least bit apprehensive . 
 i held my scowl for a few seconds longer , but then i was laughing as well . 
 soon the two of us were borderline hysterical . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 an annoyed , high-pitched voice called . 
 we turned to see a puffy-eyed , sallow-skinned valentina strolling into the room . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 some people are n't meant to play chess , '' julian said as our laughter quickly died down . 
 `` my sister could n't win a game if her life depended on it , '' he added in a low voice to me before turning back to take in her disheveled appearance . 
 he frowned deeply . 
 `` are you feeling okay ? '' 
 `` of course , '' she mumbled as she wandered past us to the dining table , her arms swinging lazily at her sides . 
 she grabbed a freshly baked croissant from a plate , folded it up , and shoved it into her mouth as i imagined a starving savage would . 
 flakes spilled from her lips to scatter on the floor . 
 i glanced back to see julian gaping at his sister . 
 she also noticed she had an audience . 
 `` what 're you looking at ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 when neither of us answered , she strolled toward us . 
 what 's the over/under on her insanity again ? 
 max asked . 
 i ignored him , my back tensing as she neared . 
 `` ugh . 
 chess ... who 's white , you ? '' 
 those wild eyes rolled over my face . 
 i nodded , adding a grimace . 
 she looked at the board for a moment as if analyzing it . 
 `` you should have moved your bishop there . 
 you could have forced him to move his rook and then ... '' she named several other steps i did n't understand , ending with , `` and then you would have won . '' 
 `` oh ... thanks . '' 
 i glanced at julian to see shock . 
 had n't he just finished saying she had no idea how to play ? 
 leo 's voice drifted into the room from the back hall . 
 `` take those boxes to evangeline 's room . '' 
 the property keeper with the white-blonde hair-yeti one , julian and i called him-marched into the room in snowy boots , arms laden with large , unmarked cardboard boxes . 
 leo trailed him . 
 `` what are those , leo ? '' 
 i peered curiously at the boxes . 
 `` oh , some clothes and things for you . 
 we had a delivery this morning . '' 
 valentina whirled , her body going rigid . 
 `` delivery ? '' 
 leo 's mouth curved into a tight-lipped smile . 
 `` we 're not completely abandoned out here . 
 sofie made arrangements for regular provisions . 
 did n't you guys hear the helicopter come in ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 why did n't you tell us ? '' 
 valentina shrieked . 
 leo 's amusement quickly faded , replaced with a scowl of irritation . 
 `` i just did . '' 
 `` when 's the next one ? '' 
 valentina demanded . 
 another smirk stretched across leo 's face . 
 `` getting cagey ? '' 
 the smirk vanished just as quickly . 
 `` it 's a one-way delivery . 
 no one leaves . '' 
 something harsh flashed in valentina 's eyes-rage ? 
 she bit down on her bottom lip as if to stop herself from speaking . 
 i could n't blame her for her reaction . 
 everyone was getting cagey . 
 yeti two came in then , pulling in a wooden crate on a dolly . 
 `` to the cellar with that , '' leo instructed . 
 he turned to julian and me , ignoring valentina , and announced in a cheery voice , `` that should do us until spring ! '' 
 `` the helicopter 's not coming back until spring ? '' 
 valentina cried . 
 her hands flew up to cover her face , and the sleeve of her blue shirt slid down her arm , exposing a red , festering gash on her forearm . 
 the same place she 'd been injured a month ago , on that first day here . 
 i gasped . 
 `` valentina ! 
 your arm ! '' 
 her hand flew to tug her sleeve back down before the others could catch a glimpse , and she threw a scowl in my direction . 
 `` what 's the matter with your arm ? '' 
 leo asked slowly . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` it 's infected , valentina ! 
 leo can help you . 
 show him ! '' 
 her jaw set . 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 julian , visibly worried , raised his hands in a soothing gesture . 
 `` leo 's alright , valentina , '' he said , his tone calm . 
 `` he helped me . 
 he can fix whatever - '' `` no one is touching me ! '' 
 she shrieked , her eyes crazed . 
 `` no one ! '' 
 i traded a look with julian and max before turning to leo , to find him staring at the distraught colombian girl . 
 his face was unreadable . 
 finally he seemed to decide on something , because he shrugged . 
 `` fine , one less person to feed soon . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` leo ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 leo turned to us and winked . 
 oh , thank god . 
 he 's kidding . 
 `` why do n't you two get out for some fresh air ? 
 it 's a balmy day compared to the last couple weeks . 
 there are snowshoes in the front closet . '' 
 julian and i glanced out the window and shivered in unison . 
 it was true , the sunshine looked inviting , but ... `` out ! '' 
 leo shooed us with his hands . 
 `` you guys have been cooped up for too long . 
 the fresh air will do your minds good . 
 i do n't need a bunch of deranged young folk in here with me ! '' 
 `` you know , that 's not a bad idea , old man , '' julian piped up , eyes twinkling at his playful dig at leo . 
 `` that 's why it came from me , little boy . '' 
 leo 's riposte earned a smirk from julian . 
 `` max , go with them . 
 keep them out of trouble . 
 the rest of you , '' he looked at the three other werebeasts , `` i have need of here . '' 
 `` you should come with us , valentina , '' i suggested , earning disapproving glares from julian and leo . 
 luckily valentina was n't interested . 
 she answered with an exaggerated yawn , her arms reaching out behind her as if stretching . 
 `` i think i 'll just stay here . '' 
 `` suit yourself ! '' 
 julian pushed his chair out and jumped up , no doubt wanting to escape before she changed her mind . 
 `` come on , evangeline . '' 
 `` enjoy the day . 
 dinner wo n't be ready for several hours , so ... do n't rush back , '' leo said . 
 there was a strange look in his eyes when he glanced at me . 
 `` is something wrong , leo ? '' 
 i asked , noticing his hesitation . 
 my stomach suddenly churned-had he received bad news from sofie and did n't know how to tell me ? 
 he chuckled softly , as i imagined a grandfather would . 
 `` oh , nothing at all . 
 i have n't heard from sofie , if that 's what you 're thinking . 
 this cabin is just getting the better of all of us . '' 
 no ... there was something more . 
 i caught another flash of something strange in his eyes . 
 resolve ... acceptance ... what was it ? 
 i had no idea , but i knew i could threaten to pull the stubborn old man 's teeth out and still not get any hints , so i did n't press . 
 i headed up to my room to dress in a hundred layers . 
 this way , max instructed , trudging effortlessly through the deep snow as he wove confidently through the trees . 
 every so often his back would brush against a snow-covered branch , sending clumps of the white stuff cascading down and releasing the fresh , crisp scent of evergreen into the air . 
 he seemed to know where he was going . 
 i , on the other hand , had no clue . 
 every direction looked exactly the same : trees , snow , and rocky peaks , stretching as far as the eye could see . 
 leo had been right . 
 swathed in long johns , layers of wool and fleece , and arctic outerwear , i found it almost pleasant outside . 
 i could feel my nose hairs freezing together , but i was actually breaking a sweat as i trekked behind max in my first pair of snowshoes . 
 `` i 've never done this before , '' julian said , echoing my thoughts . 
 `` you 're doing really well . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 so are you , '' he offered . 
 `` thanks ! 
 it 's fun . 
 a lot more fun than chess . '' 
 i threw a mischievous grin over my shoulder at him . 
 the sudden movement threw me off balance . 
 arms and poles waving , i toppled over to land butt-first in an ungraceful heap in a deep snowbank . 
 julian doubled over in laughter . 
 `` i stand corrected . '' 
 thank god i did n't take you the other way . 
 you 'd have ended up going over a cliff , max muttered . 
 `` would n't be the first time , max , '' i said , the memory of stepping off the cliff in ratheus and being saved by caden stirring an ache in my heart . 
 but that was then and i was here now . 
 i could n't dwell on the past or i 'd get pulled back into that dark place . 
 i shook the memory away , giggling over my clumsiness instead . 
 julian 's laughter suddenly stopped . 
 i looked up to see his brown eyes locked on something behind me , his face drained of all color . 
 i followed his gaze toward a giant white wolf standing not twenty feet away , its beady eyes shifting between julian and i . 
 it made no movement . 
 it simply watched , not the least bit bothered by us or the werebeast accompanying us . 
 i could n't say the same for julian or myself . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i hissed , my eyes glued to the wolf , terror paralyzing my body . 
 i may as well have been trussed up on a buffet table and slathered with sauce , stuck in this snowbank . 
 i could n't believe my super-powered werebeast had n't noticed a wolf slinking up behind us ! 
 `` there 's a wolf over there ! '' 
 yeah , so ? 
 max answered , his tone flip . 
 `` so , kill it ! '' 
 if i kill it , then who will cut our firewood ? 
 who 's going to ... i screwed my face up in confusion . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what 's he saying ? '' 
 julian whispered , trying not to move his lips , his eyes still glued to the motionless wolf . 
 `` i do n't ... '' frozen with fright , my brain struggled to make sense of max 's words and his lack of reaction to the giant wolf . 
 the wolf does n't cut our firewood . 
 the yetis cut our firewood ... why would it matter to our firewood if we killed a wolf ? 
 it does n't make ... comprehension suddenly slapped me in the face . 
 i gasped , studying the wolf 's fur more closely . 
 it matched yeti one 's hair color . 
 finally . 
 you 're a little slow today , max murmured , clearly enjoying this . 
 `` what ? 
 tell me ! '' 
 julian hissed , frustrated . 
 i normally always reiterated what max said to julian , so he did n't feel like an outsider . 
 but this time i did n't answer , instead turning back to max . 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 oh , that 's your run-of-the-mill werewolf , he answered dryly . 
 we had werewolves living with us ? 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 there was a pause . 
 you did n't ask . 
 i groaned my exasperation . 
 `` max , why would i ask if people are werewolves ? '' 
 well , maybe you should . 
 `` arggh , max ! '' 
 i cried , grabbing a handful of snow and throwing it at max 's head as hard as i could . 
 i missed . 
 `` stop keeping secrets ! '' 
 `` werewolves ? '' 
 julian whispered . 
 i turned back to see that the wolf had taken off . 
 `` that was yeti one , '' i explained to julian , adding bitterly , `` max forgot to mention that he 's a werewolf . '' 
 i did n't forget . 
 you just - `` right ! '' 
 i snapped , throwing my hands in the air . 
 `` i forgot to ask ! '' 
 `` great . 
 witches and vampires are n't bad enough . 
 now we 're exiled with werewolves , '' julian muttered . 
 i was n't ready to let it go . 
 `` so , who else do we have here , max ? 
 who else have i forgotten to ask about ? 
 is our russian cook a unicorn ? 
 what about the others ? 
 any of them moonlighting as a succubus or a shifter ? '' 
 my anger with max was at its highest peak now . 
 no . 
 do n't be - `` no ! 
 seriously ! '' 
 i yelled at him , not caring that me screaming at this giant , menacing beast might concern an onlooker . 
 `` what about valentina ? 
 maybe she 's ... ursula ! '' 
 `` who 's ursula ? '' 
 julian asked . 
 `` oh , no one . '' 
 i shook my head , waving my hand dismissively . 
 `` i 'm just being stupid . 
 i - '' max 's murmur cut me off . 
 i do n't believe it ... i sighed impatiently . 
 `` what do n't you believe now , max ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 how could we have missed it ! 
 max was rattled-such an uncommon thing that it sent shockwaves of panic through to my core . 
 `` missed what , max ? '' 
 i asked evenly . 
 i have to warn him , max muttered . 
 stay here . 
 stay away from the cabin until you hear from me again ! 
 max raced past us and disappeared , galloping through the deep snow toward the chalet . 
 `` what ? 
 warn who ? '' 
 i said aloud , replaying my last words to max . 
 i had made that insane suggestion about-i gasped , and threw my hands up toward julian . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 julian had me on my feet in seconds . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered abruptly , setting off toward the cabin . 
 it could n't be true ... but if it was , then leo was in danger . 
 `` yes , you do . 
 you know something ! '' 
 julian pushed . 
 `` no time to explain ! '' 
 i called back , now several feet ahead of him . 
 `` we have to get back . '' 
 the truth was , i could n't explain this to julian until i knew if it was true . 
 how could i tell him his sister was-no , not until i knew it was true . 
 how had she found us ? 
 thankfully julian stopped asking and caught up to me . 
 walking in snowshoes was easy ; running was impossible . 
 i settled on speed-walking . 
 by the time we got back to the chalet five minutes later-the longest five minutes of my life-i was panting . 
 the side door into the great room hung limply off its hinges , the victim of a giant werebeast 's impatience . 
 `` i guess our werewolf will be fixing that ? '' 
 julian commented as we shook off our snowshoes . 
 julian carefully pushed open the broken door and held it for me to pass through . 
 we entered a war zone . 
 everywhere my eyes landed , they touched destruction . 
 the antler chandelier once suspended over the dining table now sat in a broken pile on the floor beside my feet . 
 every piece of furniture was upturned , legs broken , torn material oozing stuffing . 
 the fireplace looked as if someone had blown chunks of stone from it with a cannon . 
 and the windows-every one on the far side of the room was smashed , leaving a deadly minefield of shattered glass to navigate through . 
 frigid air poured in . 
 all of that became irrelevant as soon as i saw leo lying on the floor , a wide gash on his forehead making a bloody mess of his face . 
 valentina towered over him , her stance defensive . 
 the dogs stood unmoving , watching her from various points in the room . 
 get out of here , now ! 
 max screamed inside my head . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , panic pinching my voice . 
 julian stepped inside . 
 `` what the ... '' he fell silent as he took in the destruction . 
 `` julian , '' leo called weakly , struggling to rise . 
 `` get her out of here . 
 run ! '' 
 valentina 's foot landed on leo 's chest , shoving him back to the floor . 
 a wicked smile touched her lips as she gazed down at the old man . 
 `` val ! 
 what the hell is going on ? 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 julian cried . 
 when she did n't acknowledge her brother , he screamed , `` valentina ! '' 
 her head whipped around to regard him curiously . 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i guess i go by that name too . '' 
 she turned and took two steps toward us , her icy gaze landing on me . 
 `` though if you want my attention , you 're better off using my real name . 
 ursula . '' 
 i felt my back hit julian 's chest as i stumbled backward . 
 `` she 's gone mad , '' he whispered . 
 `` not exactly , '' i whispered back , trembling . 
 `` that 's not valentina anymore . '' 
 ursula responded with a throaty laugh . 
 clever witch , max said . 
 she was ready for us . 
 he still had n't moved from his position . 
 none of the dogs had . 
 surprising . 
 i figured they would have quartered her by now . 
 `` it was exhausting , using my powers and cutting my arm every day for the spell to mask my identity from those canines . '' 
 she looked down to leo and gave his ribs another forceful nudge . 
 `` and this relic . '' 
 max had sensed it all along . 
 he had sensed something `` off '' about her , but he could n't figure out what it was . 
 and i had chastised him for being unkind . 
 `` and thank god this young little thing decided to come into that garden when she did ! '' 
 ursula gestured to her body . 
 `` i may have had to do housework here if i ended up in one of those maids ' bodies . '' 
 i gasped at that revelation , remembering when valentina had stumbled , that first day in the atrium . 
 that had n't been an innocent stumble ; that was ursula infesting her body ! 
 ursula had been with us from the very beginning . 
 `` who 's ursula ? '' 
 julian whispered , his tone somber ; he realized we were in real danger . 
 `` a bad person , '' i whispered back , none too quietly . 
 another throaty laugh . 
 `` i 'm not so bad , once you get to know me . 
 sofie has filled your head with lies . 
 that 's what she does . '' 
 run , evangeline , max warned again . 
 i locked eyes with my canine protector . 
 do something ! 
 i silently pleaded . 
 `` he ca n't help you , '' ursula said . 
 `` none of them can move . 
 i 've made sure of that . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 ursula chuckled . 
 `` many things . 
 for one , i want out of this godforsaken hellhole , and this bastard wo n't give me any clues as to how and when i can do that . '' 
 she kicked him again , earning a groan . 
 `` please stop doing that , '' i pleaded , tears welling up in my eyes . 
 she continued on as if i had n't spoken . 
 `` and then i want to see the pain and suffering in sofie 's ugly green eyes when she watches me kill you . '' 
 my breath caught in my lungs . 
 i barely felt julian 's hand settle on my shoulder . 
 evangeline , run-both of you . 
 get as far away as quickly as possible . 
 she 'll need to break her spell to stop you and then we 'll have her . 
 run . 
 `` get behind me . '' 
 julian 's voice was barely audible . 
 all we had to do was run and this would all be over . 
 i shifted my weight . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the shrill scream froze me in my tracks . 
 `` try to leave here , and this place goes up in flames . 
 everyone dies . 
 not as poetic as my original plan , but ... '' her lips curled into a bitter smile , `` sofie will suffer , all the same . '' 
 everyone would die because of me . 
 i could n't have that . 
 i gave max my best `` what now ? '' 
 look , wishing i could communicate telepathically to him . 
 i guess she 's smarter than i gave her credit for . 
 an exaggerated sigh followed . 
 there 's one other way ... throw something at her . 
 what ? 
 my confusion must have played across my face , because he continued . 
 injure her , and whatever spell she cast will break . 
 witches ca n't hold their spells when they 're attacked . 
 i 'll reach her before she can recast . 
 i hesitated . 
 look at leo ! 
 he 's too hurt to use his magic to protect himself ! 
 hurry ! 
 my eyes darted to my gravely injured guardian . 
 his eyes were now closed . 
 was he dead ? 
 desperation washed over me . 
 i scanned the area nearby for objects , and my eyes settled on a jagged antler by my feet . 
 if i could impale her with the sharp end ... taking a deep breath and summoning every last ounce of courage , i psyched myself for the drop and the precise throw i 'd need to execute , one i doubted i could do with accuracy . 
 i tensed , preparing for the dive - and went sailing away from my target to land several feet off to the side , broken glass crunching under my weight . 
 i was now level with leo , lying only ten feet away from me . 
 i glanced back to see julian charging toward ursula , a jagged piece of the chandelier held out in front of him . 
 her eyes widened in surprise , then immediately narrowed . 
 with a quick glance down at the unconscious leo , she decided something . 
 her hand lifted toward julian , her lips moving . 
 oh , shit ! 
 max moaned . 
 tell him to throw it . 
 now ! 
 `` throw it ! '' 
 i shrieked , echoing max 's command . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw leo 's lids flash open , his eyes now bright , alert . 
 his lips were moving quickly but i could n't hear him over the sound of rushing blood in my ears . 
 julian roared as he swung his arm back to launch the antlers at her-just as a purple light shot out from ursula 's outstretched hand , heading straight for his chest . 
 i stopped breathing altogether and squeezed my eyes closed , waiting . 
 expecting the shriek of pain , the thump of a body hitting the floor . 
 instead , i heard a drumbeat . 
 7 . 
 and so it begins `` do you feel that ? '' 
 mage hissed as the six of us made record time back to our fifth avenue base , distancing ourselves from the ring of suspicious ashes and incoherent babbling of rave attendees at the underground club . 
 it would certainly make the news later today . 
 i did feel it ; it was impossible to miss . 
 an awesome amount of magic was being channeled somewhere nearby , more than anything one witch could summon . 
 it only strengthened my concern that this went beyond ursula 's meddling . 
 `` i do n't know what they 're planning , but we need to get inside now , and scaling the wall with each of you will take too much time . '' 
 everyone nodded their agreement . 
 with that , we headed straight for the main door . 
 getting back into viggo and mortimer 's fortress was easy . 
 i punched in the code-evangeline 's birthday in two different formats-and ran in , mage 's limp body draped over my shoulder . 
 i did n't give a second 's consideration to leaving her within the merth this time . 
 we had bigger issues than a vampire with magical abilities . 
 mage was alert and dropped to her feet as soon as i stepped into the atrium . 
 we found viggo and mortimer in their customary warding positions on either side of veronique , but their normally controlled expressions gave way to shock as they watched us enter from the outside . 
 it was such a rare sight . 
 `` what the ... . '' 
 mortimer began . 
 `` hold on a sec , '' i called , already on my way out . 
 in seconds i had evangeline 's friends safely inside . 
 it took only that long for viggo and mortimer 's shock to disappear . 
 now they wore glares that could have incinerated me , if they had any sorcerer magic in them . 
 `` in private ? '' 
 mage suggested before mortimer could explode . 
 she accentuated the suggestion with a pointed stare at the horde of ratheus vampires surrounding us . 
 the anger slid from viggo 's face immediately , replaced by a fake grin and a polite gesture toward the library door . 
 `` certainly . 
 right this way ... '' mortimer uttered not a single word . 
 he spun on his heels , jaw visibly clenched , and grabbed the elbow of a sickly-looking ileana as he passed her . 
 the six of us trailed behind them into the library , mage shutting the french doors behind us . 
 viggo turned to the witch . 
 `` a sound barrier , if you would be so kind , illie ? '' 
 i caught the fleeting wince , likely due to viggo 's nickname , but she nodded and quietly went about casting the common spell . 
 i watched mage 's eyes follow the purple-hued bubble as it expanded to reach the outer walls of the room . 
 i ca n't wait to sit down and learn about that vampire 's uncanny sense for magic ! 
 it was beyond annoying . 
 only after ileana nodded to viggo did mortimer react . 
 i knew it was coming ; i expected it-yet the vicious blow that instantly shattered my jaw caught me off guard all the same . 
 the crushing pain dropped me to one knee where i remained , waiting for my bones to mend themselves . 
 five seconds later i was on my feet again , throwing a catty response at him . 
 `` have n't you heard it 's not nice to hit ladies ? '' 
 i could n't help it , though i knew i was only throwing fuel on already roaring flames . 
 `` lady , '' mortimer grated through clenched teeth , `` you belong in hell . '' 
 `` i have to agree with you on that one , '' viggo murmured , his back to us as he gazed at veronique 's painting above the mantel . 
 he turned , the fireplace poker gripped casually in his hand . 
 he lifted it up to show a glowing point , as if it had sat within the flames . 
 `` what are you going to do , viggo ? 
 brand me ? '' 
 i joked , trying to defuse whatever panicked reaction he was hoping to get from me . 
 `` what would be the point of that ? 
 you heal too fast and you 're tough as nails , you old hag , '' he retorted with a condescending smile . 
 instead he grabbed ileana by the back of the neck and pulled her close . 
 without pause , he pressed the poker to her cheek . 
 the smell of burning flesh curled everyone 's nostrils up in disgust . 
 the young witchling 's eyes began to tear up and she let out a howl of pain . 
 `` quiet , now ! 
 you are here to be our eyes and ears , illie . 
 your one task is to watch that devil woman over there . 
 and yet somehow she managed to escape , unnoticed . 
 and with five vampires ! 
 what do you have to say for yourself ? '' 
 tears streamed down her cheek as she tried to muffle her screams . 
 finally her knees buckled from the pain . 
 viggo kept her on her feet . 
 `` it was n't her fault , '' i said . 
 `` you had her busy trying to break spells she ca n't break . '' 
 a wicked smile touched viggo 's lips . 
 `` you 're right , sofie . 
 it was your fault . 
 much like every problem around here is . 
 but - '' with a flick of his wrist , viggo forced ileana 's face to turn . 
 he shifted the poker to her other cheek . 
 `` since you obviously take some sort of masochistic pleasure in being beaten , i thought punishing someone else would be more effective . '' 
 `` please ! '' 
 ileana managed to sputter between sobs . 
 i glanced over at mortimer to see him staring at veronique 's face , as if he could n't hear ileana 's pained cries-or he was blocking them out . 
 he was good at that . 
 i was not . 
 i so desperately wanted to level viggo with my magic , but now was not the time to start a physical battle with him . 
 `` when you 're finished your pathetic display of dominance , we 'd like to discuss the impending war outside , '' mage said , her normally serene voice carrying a cutting edge . 
 her words made viggo release his grip on ileana 's chin . 
 she tumbled to the hardwood floor , her hair falling forward to hide the burned flesh marring both her cheeks . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 mortimer asked , his tone doubtful . 
 `` my spies have said nothing about any signs of an army . '' 
 `` your spies are probably the sentinel , working undercover to feed you lies , '' mage spat . 
 mortimer snorted . 
 `` do you think i 'm stupid ? 
 i checked their hands . 
 no tattoos . '' 
 she cackled . 
 `` did you check their entire bodies ? '' 
 `` no , why would i ? '' 
 mortimer 's face twisted with doubt . 
 `` they tattoo their hands . 
 that 's what they do . 
 that 's what they 've always done . '' 
 mage offered him a condescending smirk . 
 `` near the end , before the war on ratheus , we discovered they began marking their kind elsewhere on their bodies , so they could act as double agents with the vampires . '' 
 i turned to stare at her . 
 you neglected to tell me that , mage . 
 that meant those eight suicidal zombies in the club could in fact have been the sentinel . 
 she continued without batting an eye at me . 
 `` the witches would break the vampire compulsion spells and cast their own to protect the spies , so they could n't give anything up if caught and interrogated . '' 
 `` well , that 's your world , not ours . '' 
 `` are you so sure ? '' 
 mage taunted , smug in knowing what neither of them knew ; what none of evangeline 's friends , standing quietly behind me , knew . 
 `` what does she mean ? '' 
 mortimer asked slowly . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 let them chew on that . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 amelie 's raspy voice called . 
 i turned to see four sets of confused , scared eyes staring back at me . 
 `` what does she mean ? '' 
 i sighed , not so content with leaving them hanging . 
 i looked to mage . 
 with a nod , mage explained the seer and how she 'd single-handedly retrained every vampire remaining into believing that the world they lived in was called ratheus and not earth . 
 six sets of wide , disbelieving eyes bored into mage by the time she was finished . 
 i did n't know how they would react . 
 mage did , though , so she was prepared when viggo attacked . 
 in a split second , the two of them squared off against each other , mage 's hand firmly on the poker that viggo had intended to drive directly through her skull . 
 she laughed . 
 `` do n't worry , your suspicion was enough to protect you from being compelled-i 've already tried . '' 
 viggo sneered . 
 `` believe me , i ca n't ! '' 
 mage exclaimed in mock innocence . 
 `` if i could , you 'd be lying in the merth spell next to rachel by now . 
 i 'm curious , though ... do i look nothing like the original vampire from this earth ? '' 
 viggo 's mouth twisted as he decided what to say . 
 `` no , i ca n't say you do . '' 
 so he knew the original , after all ... she released her grip on the poker and stepped away , unworried that viggo might take another swing . 
 `` i do n't think any vampire has ever disgusted me as much as you have . 
 bravo . 
 fine effort . '' 
 keeping her black eyes locked on viggo , she said over her shoulder to me , `` explain to me again why this one needs to remain . 
 because unless there is a good reason , i 'd very much like to be done with his melodrama . '' 
 mortimer quietly observed the scene , clearly as unaware of mage 's abilities as i was , and likely wondering the same thing i had-had mage influenced his thoughts ? 
 amelie and the others were unfazed by the power struggle , still in shock over mage 's confession . 
 `` it ca n't be ! 
 everything i remember ... '' fiona murmured . 
 `` is what i planted in each and every one of your heads , '' mage answered softly . 
 `` i 've met you all before . 
 you just do n't remember . '' 
 `` so ... we 're going to end up back in the same kind of world ? '' 
 bishop asked , his voice full of grief . 
 `` not yet , '' i said , mustering as much confidence as i could and turning to regard caden , who had his eyes trained on the floor . 
 `` we would n't have come , had we known , '' he whispered distantly . 
 i reached out to rest a gentle hand on his forearm . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 what matters is that we need to get out of here . 
 now , '' i stated . 
 `` as soon as we get that damn pendant , we can run as far away as possible ! '' 
 mortimer boomed . 
 `` veronique will be fine . 
 no one is getting to her , '' i assured him calmly , letting go of caden . 
 `` she ca n't be moved ? '' 
 mage whispered . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 that spell is bound to its location . '' 
 i turned to viggo . 
 `` as much as i 'd love to leave you two here to rot , there is a war brewing outside . '' 
 i gave them the rundown of what had happened , beginning with the mutants and going all the way to the force outside . 
 `` we need to regroup somewhere else until we can get a handle on what we 're up against . '' 
 `` all of us ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 `` even the others out there ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 mage 's answer came quickly and firmly . 
 `` i can only compel them against killing humans for so long , and they do n't have the resolution you four do . '' 
 `` so ... '' amelie prompted . 
 everyone looked at mage . 
 `` so , we leave them here . '' 
 to starve . 
 they would n't die ; they 'd slowly wither to stationary lumps of flesh , too weak to lift their heads . 
 the room went silent as we each thought through the plan . 
 was it a good plan ? 
 i had no idea . 
 at this point , running was the only option . 
 `` okay , let 's - '' i began , but leo 's voice cut into my thoughts . 
 valentina is ursula . 
 she 's with the tribe now . 
 the connection died immediately , as if someone had taken a knife to it . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed before i could stop myself , at the same time that ileana groaned . 
 had she heard it ? 
 seven vampires were instantly on edge . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 mortimer hissed . 
 `` nothing , '' i answered before clamping my mouth shut , my eyes glued to the crippled witch on the floor , looking for signs that she 'd received the message about evangeline 's new location . 
 a location i had chosen only as a last resort and never in a thousand years thought leo would need to use . 
 unfortunately viggo noticed my sudden interest in the witch who had the uncanny ability to trace communications . 
 `` tell us what you know ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 when she did n't answer immediately , he grabbed her by her upper arm and , wrenching her up to her knees , he drove the poker through her right shoulder , just under her collarbone . 
 it must have pierced a major artery , because a steady stream of blood shot out , eliciting hisses from those behind me . 
 i barely noticed , though , more concerned about what might escape her lips . 
 hairs lifted on my neck as i watched her open her mouth ... but only a strangled croak came out . 
 in response , viggo roughly twisted the poker around . 
 i winced , knowing from experience what pain that inflicted . 
 teeth bared and tears streaming down her cheeks , ileana worked her mouth as if she were trying to get words out-words i could n't allow . 
 i dove for her , fully intent on silencing her permanently . 
 mortimer intercepted me , blocking my path long enough for her shrill scream . 
 `` she 's with the tribe ! '' 
 the sound of the poker and ileana 's battered body hitting the floor resonated through the suddenly silent room . 
 viggo looked at me , his blue eyes perplexed . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 normally i would enjoy that look , but not this time . 
 `` what does she mean by the tribe ? 
 not the tribe ; you destroyed them years ago . '' 
 mortimer towered over me , glowering . 
 `` that 's what she told us . 
 we took her word for it . '' 
 `` who is the tribe ? '' 
 caden whispered . 
 `` shhh , '' i warned , eyes still on my two deadly adversaries , wondering how long it would take them to figure it out . 
 not long , apparently . 
 `` have you gone absolutely insane ? '' 
 mortimer exploded . 
 i stalled . 
 `` whatever do you mean ? '' 
 `` there 's only one ` tribe ' that bastard butler could be referring to . 
 we should have known you did n't kill them ! '' 
 viggo hissed . 
 `` do n't you realize they 're just as likely to kill her as they are any of us , you fool ? '' 
 mortimer added . 
 `` what ? '' 
 all four of evangeline 's friends yelled in unison , mortimer 's words panicking them . 
 but i ignored them , still focused on the two vampires in front of me who now knew where evangeline was . 
 `` desperate measures , '' i answered coolly . 
 viggo 's lips curled back in a hideous smile . 
 i hated that smile . 
 `` well , at least we know she 's reachable . '' 
 `` not while you 're in here , '' i reminded him . 
 the smiled only grew larger . 
 `` if not by us , then by someone else , '' he taunted , displaying his cell phone . 
 without thinking , i shot a helix out , knocking the thing into the fire . 
 `` i 'll fry every phone line in this place , too , '' i added spitefully . 
 `` no worries . '' 
 viggo grinned . 
 `` i 'll just go get her myself . '' 
 it was my turn to smile . 
 `` how ? 
 you ca n't get past the merth . '' 
 `` did n't we just discuss this ? 
 we need to escape from this impending doom of which you speak . '' 
 `` change of plans , '' i shot back , not missing a beat . 
 `` sofie , '' mage warned in a low voice . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` they 're not getting anywhere near her . 
 i wo n't allow it . 
 ever . 
 they can sit in here and wait for whatever is going to happen . 
 they 're more trouble to me out there than good . '' 
 a faint chuckle drew everyone 's eyes to the frail little body crumpled on the floor . 
 her cheek resting in a pool of her blood , ileana smiled and whispered , `` here they come ! '' 
 alarm bells went off inside my head . 
 who was coming ? 
 `` i never did get along with my mother , '' ileana murmured , her eyes closing . 
 `` she never accepted me with my powers . 
 it was the perfect trap . 
 and now you 're finally all going to die . '' 
 as if a cover had suddenly been lifted , magic began radiating from her body-not as if she had just now cast a spell , but as if the spell had always been running and only now could i see the tiny coils-hers were mauve-dancing around . 
 what exactly had she been masking , though ? 
 a split second later , the walls of the library shook as an explosion in the atrium rocked the building . 
 bishop and fiona dashed out to the atrium with all of us close behind , crashing through the magical sound barrier and the glass into a maelstrom of thick smoke and bits of burning building . 
 that did n't concern me . 
 what concerned me was the crowd of several hundred humans in dark clothing spilling through the gaping hole in the wall , all with those same dead eyes as the humans at the club . 
 in their hands they carried machetes-nothing permanently damaging to us , but i had a feeling we were n't the weapons ' intended targets . 
 sure enough , i watched them turn on each other and attack , hacking and swiping at one another , opening deep , bloody gashes in their flesh . 
 in no time at all , rivers of red snaked over the cobblestones , too much to ignore , even for me . 
 they were bait in a trap , meant to lure the vamps in , stop them from running or fighting intelligently . 
 but to what end ? 
 unless ... my stomach turned in knots as i put two and two together . 
 viggo had led the real enemy right through our gates . 
 ileana 's wicked giggle replayed in my head . 
 here they come , she had said . 
 she was n't talking about the sentinel . 
 bishop and fiona tore off toward the crowd . 
 my arms flew out to grab caden and amelie before they could follow . 
 `` out of here-now . '' 
 easier said than done ; their eyes were morphing into hideous veined orbs . 
 mine likely matched theirs . 
 `` we can kill them all , easily , '' caden growled , jerking toward them . 
 i tugged them back , hard . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 viggo hissed behind me . 
 `` go on ! 
 decimate them with your magic ! '' 
 `` them i can , yes . 
 that 's the point-they 're a distraction . '' 
 i watched the battle unfold . 
 the ratheus vampires had taken the bait , flying onto their victims , oblivious to the stabs from the machetes as they fed , assuming they 'd heal after they gorged . 
 but they were n't safe . 
 far from it . 
 `` here comes the cavalcade , '' mage murmured beside me , eyeing the door . 
 she had figured it out as well . 
 `` the witches . 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 `` but , fiona and bishop ! '' 
 amelie cried , eyes on her two friends in the thick of it , unable to resist . 
 `` i 'll get them . '' 
 in an instant , mage was standing over a feeding bishop . 
 she wrenched him away and dragged him back to us . 
 distanced from the frenzy , bishop appeared to snap out of the blood lust . 
 `` we need to leave , bishop , '' i yelled over the noise . 
 `` the witches are coming . '' 
 he nodded , eyes wide . 
 `` fiona ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` i 'll go and get - '' mage began , only to stop abruptly , her black eyes on the tunnel entrance . 
 i turned . 
 like a wall of magic , a row of twenty-two women materialized in the chaos , fire at the ready , hands raised , pointed . 
 `` fiona ! '' 
 bishop screamed . 
 it was too late . 
 the witches aimed for the group of vampires closest to them , fiona among them . 
 fire shot out , engulfing the group . 
 fiona disappeared in the flames . 
 `` no ! '' 
 bishop and amelie shrieked , fighting wildly to break free and run to her . 
 luckily caden and mage had iron-strong grips . 
 `` we need to go . 
 now ! 
 or we 'll be next , '' mage yelled as the witches ' attention moved on to the next cluster of vampires . 
 `` we ca n't use the last escape route-they may be waiting for us there . 
 take them to the underground garage , '' i instructed . 
 `` we ca n't get down there , '' caden reminded me . 
 `` the merth . '' 
 damn it ! 
 i had to break the spell . 
 i had no time for anything else . 
 `` go ! '' 
 bishop was resisting , woeful eyes on the circle of fire where his love lay . 
 `` bishop , we have to go ! '' 
 caden cried `` she 's gone ! 
 we ca n't lose you , too ! '' 
 `` go ! 
 now ! '' 
 i screamed and ran back into the library without a second glance . 
 with a last look at veronique 's portrait , i dove to ileana 's side . 
 she appeared to be sleeping peacefully , but i knew better . 
 and i knew she did n't need to protect her blood any longer . 
 running my hand along her neck , i grabbed hold of the chain and pulled . 
 mortimer 's hand clamped over my wrist with a vise-like grip . 
 i turned to see fear in his chocolate eyes , such a rare sight . 
 `` help us . '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 they would die if they stayed here . 
 they could n't die , for my sister 's sake . 
 `` she will be fine , '' i promised . 
 `` you two wo n't be . '' 
 i began a whispered chant to reverse the spell , a chant that only i knew , for a spell that responded to only my voice . 
 the words would release all vampires from the confines of the merth , including viggo and mortimer . 
 in seconds , it was done . 
 `` you 're free . 
 get out of here . '' 
 `` veronique ! '' 
 viggo cried from the doorway . 
 `` i wo n't leave her ! '' 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 i shook free of mortimer 's hand . 
 `` when you smarten up , meet me at the warehouse and we 'll figure out what we 're going to do . '' 
 the warehouse was an old , abandoned building by the city docks , where one could often go for an easy late-night meal on one criminal or another . 
 with that , i left them , running as fast as i could past the line of witches and toward the garage . 
 i had no intention of meeting viggo and mortimer there . 
 8 . 
 the tribe my eyes flew open to find ursula and the snowy mountain chalet gone , replaced by a canopy of trees in the foreground of a night sky and the monotonous hum of people chanting . 
 the source of that chant lay about forty feet to my left : a group of fifty or so people encircling an enormous fire , their hands joined , their lean , scantily-clad bodies swaying from side to side . 
 they repeated a low , garbled mantra over and over again as a man with a strange headpiece sitting outside of the circle pounded a rhythmic beat on his drum . 
 i squinted at the thing on his head . 
 it looked like a ... tiger 's head ? 
 a shout pulled my attention back toward the fire . 
 this time i noticed the four tall wooden posts rising around it . 
 my eyes drifted up their length , culminating in a platform-like structure at least fifteen feet above the fire on which sat a man wearing a large hat . 
 it was dark , but i thought he was pointing at me . 
 leo had transported me . 
 again . 
 `` evang ... '' the weak groan drew my eyes to a body lying on the sandy ground behind me . 
 julian . 
 the bonfire cast just enough light to illuminate the dark stain forming on the front of his parka . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i shrieked , dropping to my knees beside him . 
 leo had sent him with me to save him from ursula , but by the looks of it , leo had been too late . 
 with the lightest touch , i slowly unzipped his winter jacket , afraid any movement would hurt him further . 
 `` please do n't die ! '' 
 i moaned . 
 i vaguely noticed that the incessant drumbeat and chanting had died , exchanged for gasps and words spurted in an odd tongue . 
 i did n't pay too much attention , intent on seeing how badly julian was wounded . 
 evangeline , stand up , max commanded in a flat tone . 
 a wave of relief washed over me . 
 `` thank god you 're here , max ! 
 julian needs help . '' 
 stand up . 
 now , max said a second time , now with an ominous undercurrent . 
 i ignored him , pulling julian 's jacket back to see the deep gash between his rib bones . 
 blood ran freely . 
 so much blood . 
 i felt the low rumble in my chest as max growled . 
 too much blood . 
 it was tempting a hungry max . 
 `` help him , '' i cried meekly , knowing there was little hope . 
 if only sofie or leo were here ... something cold and sharp grazed my chin . 
 i shifted to see a metal spearhead attached to a shaft that was a good seven feet long . 
 panic sparked in me . 
 leo would n't send us somewhere dangerous , would he ? 
 my eyes drifted up the length of the spear , over the pair of clawed , dark-skinned hands that gripped it , up along a nude male torso , to finish at a set of jaundiced eyes , the whites so sickly yellow that they gleamed like glow-in-the-dark stickers . 
 in hideousness they matched the decaying teeth and disfigured nose , multiple heavy gold rings stretching out both nostrils in opposite directions . 
 i cowered at the man 's unsightliness . 
 i was n't sure if i should even call him a man . 
 what were they ? 
 glancing left and right , i found the others surrounding us were equally repulsive . 
 the spearhead pushed up under my chin , digging into my flesh . 
 stand up , max instructed , and this time i obeyed . 
 do n't let them touch you . 
 `` i 'm in no rush to let them do anything , '' i mumbled , my attention flitting from one set of jaundiced eyes to the next . 
 the man who sat on top of the platform-whose hat was made of colorful peacock feathers , i now saw-barked out something in that strange tongue that i did n't understand . 
 a dozen spears were instantly leveled-most of them at max , one at me . 
 no one bothered with julian . 
 he was no threat to anyone . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i held my hands up in the most non-threatening manner i could . 
 none of them moved . 
 `` what the hell do i say , max ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 i doubt it matters . 
 the man 's eyes darted to max , then back to me , his eyes narrowing as if he understood our ability to communicate and he did n't like it . 
 he uttered another string of gibberish . 
 one of the men lowered his spear and stepped forward , his arm outstretched toward max . 
 max 's teeth bared in response . 
 a warning . 
 the reaction was several spears to his back and legs . 
 his cry of agony pierced the night air . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , watching in horror as they forced my werebeast to the ground . 
 i dove to wrap my arms protectively around his neck , bracing myself for a painful stab to my back . 
 `` fight back , max ! '' 
 i whispered in his ear . 
 no . 
 they 'll kill me . 
 kill an immortal werebeast ? 
 hopelessness washed over me . 
 `` why would leo send us here , max ? '' 
 i whispered , gripping the dog tightly and burying my face in his fur , sensing the crowd closing in on us . 
 the feather-capped man barked a word that sounded like an order . 
 no one moved . 
 again , he barked . 
 he wants you to stand , max translated . 
 `` no ! 
 they may stab you again , '' i moaned . 
 if you do n't , they will definitely stab the both of us . 
 i like my odds better with you standing . 
 with that in mind , i scrambled to my feet . 
 the leader descended from the platform and moved forward through the crowd , his sickly eyes scanning my face as if reading something on it . 
 suddenly he threw his arm out to the side , palm raised . 
 a spear was placed in it . 
 i sucked in a mouthful of air , terrified . 
 your necklace , max whispered . 
 show it to him . 
 for a moment i did n't move , too paralyzed with doubt . 
 then my hand flew to my neck to fish out the pendant . 
 the abrupt movement caused a commotion in the group and spears rose . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i exclaimed , holding my palms out again . 
 featherman shouted an order and the spears immediately dropped . 
 moving slowly this time , i reached back up to my coat and tugged the zipper down . 
 sliding my hand inside , i grabbed hold of the chain and pulled the dull black pendant out from under layers of winter clothes . 
 my breath caught as featherman 's spear tip approached my chest . 
 without stepping any closer , he gently hooked the end of the spear around the chain and stretched the pendant toward him , his eyes narrowing as if to analyze it . 
 with a look up at my face and back down , he nodded and mumbled something to himself . 
 julian moaned then . 
 dropping the spear , featherman turned to look down at the young dying man , then stooped to inspect the wound . 
 `` we need to get him to a hospital , '' i said without thinking . 
 taking in their loincloths and mud huts , i realized how absurd that statement was . 
 yet i could n't just let him die . 
 `` help him , please . '' 
 featherman waved his hand in a circular motion , then pointed to julian . 
 the crowd immediately parted to allow in men and women holding long sticks with loops of rope attached at the ends . 
 they each hooked one around julian 's arm or leg without touching him . 
 with surprising grace , they lifted julian in unison , earning a gasp from him . 
 `` max , what are they doing ? '' 
 i whispered anxiously as we watched them carry julian toward the fire . 
 i do n't know . 
 honestly . 
 something dug into my back . 
 turning , i found one of the tribesmen nudging us to follow with the blunt end of his spear . 
 i obliged , walking hesitantly forward . 
 when we were about fifteen feet away from one of the little huts where the bearers had stopped with julian , another spear suddenly appeared to block our path . 
 close enough , they were saying . 
 max and i watched in silence as a woman appeared from the hut , pulling on a pair of dark , elbow-length gloves as i imagined a surgeon would do in preparing for an operation . 
 other tribeswomen followed behind her with wooden trays holding various objects-bowls , leaves , ominous-looking tools . 
 the procession wordlessly circled julian , whose eyes remained closed . 
 the woman with the gloves leaned toward julian , a sharp object gripped in her hand . 
 `` oh my god , max ! '' 
 i whispered , grabbing a fistful of max 's fur and squeezing . 
 it earned a small grunt from him but i did n't care . 
 what was she going to do to julian ? 
 we watched as she stretched the collar of julian 's shirt away from his neck with one hand . 
 she then pulled the sharp object along the material , slicing it in half and spreading the sides open to reveal his chest and the worrying gash . 
 i breathed the tiniest sigh of relief . 
 next she took a wooden spoon and bowl from a tray , dipped the spoon into the bowl , and began gently slathering a pale gray , mud-like paste over the wound . 
 when the area was completely covered , she dropped the tools and knelt down beside him to smooth over the application with her hand . 
 julian 's face tightened briefly in pain , but no noise escaped him . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 i do n't know , but as long as they do n't touch him with their skin , they 're likely trying to help . 
 `` what 's wrong with their skin ? '' 
 i took a few steps closer , but a spear swung toward me in warning . 
 i cautiously backed up again . 
 they 're called ambulans mortem . 
 walking death . 
 `` why are they called ... that ? '' 
 i faltered , watching as the four women assisting julian 's nursemaid joined hands around them and began chanting . 
 their touch is instant death to all-humans , vampires , werebeasts . 
 anyone except their own tribe . 
 and they have no qualms about using it . 
 the death tribe hates our kind-hates all kinds , except their own . 
 `` just a single touch ? '' 
 i repeated slowly , uncomprehending . 
 contact with their skin . 
 yes . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` where did they come from ? '' 
 sofie made them . 
 accidentally . 
 she was supposed to kill them years ago , but decided not to . 
 i think they fascinated her . 
 she kept them hidden from viggo , of course , who would have sent a nuke here if he had known she was crazy enough to keep them alive . 
 `` how on earth does someone ` accidentally ' create something like that ? '' 
 i wondered aloud . 
 it 's that fates magic . 
 i do n't know ... sofie can explain it to you one day . 
 another , more concerning thought popped into my head . 
 `` why on earth would leo send us to these people ? '' 
 because sofie told him to , if the need ever arose . 
 of course she expected that it would involve viggo finding you ... it 's probably the safest place for you to be right now . 
 no vampire or sorceress in their right mind will enter these lands . 
 sorcerous magic does n't work around them . 
 they 're like a black hole for the powers of vampires and witches . 
 an anti-magic . 
 they have their own kind of magic . 
 `` but ... '' i was struggling with all of this . 
 `` how did she know they would n't kill me ? '' 
 well ... she did n't , for sure . 
 she created them , so they show some deference to her . 
 but it only goes so far . 
 several years ago , she approached them with an offer in exchange for help , if this day should ever arise . 
 that pendant was the signal . 
 max chuckled . 
 that woman has more escape routes than an eel . 
 `` and of course you knew this all along , '' i said through gritted teeth . 
 there was no need to scare you . 
 i never thought we 'd end up here . 
 i angrily shook my head , but now was not the time to scold max over his continuing duplicity . 
 i needed information . 
 `` what did she offer them ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 tigers . 
 i screwed my face up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 tigers . 
 you know : rawr . 
 `` but ... '' thinking about the headdress that drummer wore , i did n't finish . 
 for some reason , tigers are immune to their touch . 
 they think the giant fur balls are gifts from their fire god , so they surround themselves with tigers . 
 my eyes roamed the clearing , looking for the presence of these animals . 
 `` i do n't see any . '' 
 oh , they 're there . 
 look harder.behind the huts . 
 i followed his direction , squinting into the shadows . 
 there . 
 a pair of glowing feline eyes . 
 a few feet away , i saw another set . 
 and another . 
 just beyond the huts , a ring of tigers surrounded us , watching . 
 a shiver ran down my spine . 
 a male scream whipped my head from the tigers to julian , now conscious , his teeth bared as he struggled to break free from the constraints around his wrists and ankles as the gloved woman inserted several bone-colored needles into his wound . 
 the tribesmen holding julian leaned in with their weight on the long poles , tightening their grip , securing julian 's limbs before he accidentally grazed a bare leg . 
 now unable to move , he seethed , face contorted with pain as he watched the woman accept a steaming bowl of something . 
 leaning forward , she poured the hot clear liquid over his wound . 
 julian roared in agony . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried out , making to move forward . 
 a spear jabbed the air dangerously close to my chest , stopping me . 
 my cry caught the attention of featherman , who towered over the operation with his arms crossed over his chest . 
 at a casual wave of his hand , four tribesmen turned and marched toward us , spears leveled . 
 they prodded us , herding max and me away from the scene . 
 farther and farther back we went , until we were forced through the narrow entrance of a tiny hut . 
 a cloth door dropped , closing us in . 
 crouching , i peeked under the bottom of the door , and spotted heels . 
 the tribesmen were on guard . 
 i rose and turned to survey the hut , which held nothing but a wooden bowl and a reed mat in the corner , illuminated by the firelight shining through a tiny window near the ceiling . 
 i ran to the window . 
 first on tiptoes , then jumping , i tried to reach the bottom sill so i could pull myself up and see outside . 
 it was too high . 
 `` max . 
 come here , '' i hissed . 
 in three steps , he was beside me . 
 `` stand right here . '' 
 i pushed him up against the wall . 
 `` and stay still . '' 
 throwing my arms over his neck , i hoisted myself up onto his back . 
 so this is what a horse feels like , he grumbled . 
 `` shut up , max ! '' 
 i retorted . 
 `` you owe me , after all of your lies ! '' 
 i kicked off my winter boots . 
 with my hands pressed against the cool , hard mud wall of the hut for balance , i stood on max 's back and peered out the window . 
 i had a prime view of the bonfire and julian , who lay unmoving , eyes closed , his face now pallid . 
 they had stripped off the rest of his clothing and covered his entire body in what looked like soggy green leaves . 
 the four women still encircled him , their hands linked , their eyes closed , their mouths moving in unison as they chanted softly . 
 `` is he going to be okay ? '' 
 i whispered to max . 
 i do n't know , evangeline . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 by his tone , i knew the big dog was being genuine . 
 the woman with the gloves stood to accept another large bowl . 
 walking around julian , she carefully poured a clear liquid over the leaf covering . 
 at a snap of her fingers , someone handed her a burning stick . 
 my jaw clenched as i watched , my apprehension growing as the burning stick approached julian 's still body . 
 the chanting women grew louder and more boisterous , until they were all shrieking at the top of their lungs like a bunch of lunatics . 
 `` no ... '' i moaned , gripping the base of the window and watching wide-eyed as , with just a pass of the tiny brand , julian 's entire body went up in flames . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed , at the same time that julian let out a skin-peeling shriek , his back arching severely . 
 i lost my balance and tumbled . 
 max , moving with his lighting speed , dove underneath me to cushion my fall before i could hit the hard ground . 
 lying on top of the massive werebeast with my heart pounding in my ears , i began to cry . 
 i did n't stop for a long time , weeping openly into max 's side , my anger with sofie and leo for sending us to such a horrific place growing with each minute . 
 this was worse than the mountains , way worse . 
 and now they were burning julian alive and i would be alone . 
 `` why would they abandon us to these monsters , max ? '' 
 i asked through my sobs . 
 max responded with a nuzzle to my cheek . 
 leo was protecting you from ursula , remember ? 
 i sat up , using the sleeve of my coat to wipe my eyes . 
 `` well , where is leo ? 
 why did n't he come too ? '' 
 silence met my question . 
 `` max ? '' 
 my voice wavered with uncertainty . 
 my brothers took ursula down . 
 she 's gone . 
 `` and leo ? 
 he 's okay , right ? '' 
 no answer . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i 'm sorry , evangeline . 
 whatever life he had left in him , he used to send us here . 
 he 's with maeve now . 
 leo ... dead ? 
 the news brought a fresh round of tears . 
 i fell back to lean against the cool wall , a large , painful lump forming in my throat . 
 everyone was dying around me-because of me . 
 leo ; probably julian ; next it could be max or sofie . 
 when would this all end ? 
 when the necklace came off , i realized . 
 i looked down at the thing , resting on the outside of my parka , and the sudden urge to rip it off my body overwhelmed me . 
 do n't you dare , max warned as if reading my mind . 
 it stayed my hand . 
 for now . 
 after staring at motionless heels for what seemed like hours , i saw the guards ' feet shift . 
 a clawed hand curled around the edge of the curtain to pull it back . 
 squeezing through the narrow opening , four men carried julian in on a simple stretcher of wood and cloth . 
 they set him down gently , then turned and walked out without a word or glance in our direction . 
 a woman from the circle entered behind them , placing a bowl and a neatly folded stack of clothes in a corner . 
 as she left , her eyes skimmed over max , but she said nothing . 
 now alone , i crawled over on my hands and knees . 
 `` julian ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he did n't answer . 
 discouraged , i inspected his upper body to see that it appeared unscathed by the fire that had engulfed him not long ago . 
 the women had removed all of the green , leafy substance and covered him from the waist down with a small hemp blanket . 
 a patch of that gray paste , now dry , covered his wound . 
 i peered at his face . 
 it was still ghostly pale , though slightly less pallid than before . 
 a sheen of sweat covered his forehead and several drops rolled down his cheek . 
 i did n't know if it was due to his body fighting infection , or the oppressive heat . 
 so swept up by the activities of the tribe and julian , i had n't had time to feel the drastic temperature change . 
 now that i gave it a second 's thought , i realized i was drenched in sweat . 
 no wonder-i was dressed for temperatures at least a hundred degrees colder . 
 if i did n't get out of these layers soon , i 'd likely pass out . 
 i began peeling off my winter gear , beginning with my hat , until i was in nothing but my gray long johns . 
 even those were too much . 
 i crawled over to the pile of clothes in the corner . 
 julian 's things , torn and bloodied , lay on top . 
 underneath them was a two-piece set of clothing that matched what the women in the tribe wore-whatever that was called . 
 glancing over at julian to make sure he was still unconscious , i ordered max to turn around . 
 he obliged , and i quickly pulled off the long johns and slipped on the outfit . 
 thank the heavens they are n't one of those topless tribes , i silently celebrated , looking down at the skirt and the strip of cloth meant to be a shirt . 
 `` julian ? '' 
 i whispered again , sliding back over to him . 
 nothing . 
 he needs to rest , max said . 
 as do you . 
 in answer , i balled up my coat and , placing it under my head , lay down next to julian 's still body , reaching out to hold his hand . 
 it would be a long time before sleep finally came to me . 
 i awoke to sunlight streaming in through the tiny window . 
 beads of sweat ran down my cheek ; the hot , muggy air was uncomfortable even with the little that i wore . 
 max was stretched out on one side of me , unmoving , his eyes closed . 
 i knew he was n't sleeping , though . 
 he did n't sleep . 
 the previous day 's nightmare flashed in my mind then . 
 i bolted upright and spun around . 
 julian 's eyes were open a crack . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i exclaimed , throwing myself on him without thinking , earning a groan . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i quickly sat back up to gaze at him . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 julian licked his lips several times . 
 `` water ... '' he finally croaked , reaching up to paw the air with a weak hand . 
 there 's water in the bowl in the corner , max instructed . 
 i scurried over to grab it and bring it back to julian 's side . 
 `` can you sit up ? '' 
 i asked softly , sliding my hand behind his neck to help him get up to his elbows . 
 i held the bowl up to his mouth . 
 he gulped the entire contents down . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i shifted my makeshift pillow under his head and eased him back . 
 `` what happened ? 
 the last thing i remember was snowshoeing ... and the wolf . '' 
 i swallowed , not sure where to begin . 
 `` we went back to the chalet after ... '' i hesitated . 
 `` after max figured out that valentina had been possessed by ursula . '' 
 julian 's brow knit as he searched his memory . 
 `` oh , right . 
 she was - '' `` a witch . 
 a bad one . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he paused , thinking . 
 `` what happened after that ? 
 how did we get here ? '' 
 `` leo - '' i choked ; saying his name pulled at the already gaping wound in my heart . 
 `` he sent us to another safe location . '' 
 the giant lump in my throat was unmovable by this point . 
 `` and my sister ? '' 
 his head rolled slowly from side to side as he looked around the hut . 
 for valentina , no doubt . 
 how did i tell him that she had been torn apart by max 's brothers ? 
 `` valentina has been gone for weeks , julian , '' i said instead , my voice quiet . 
 he frowned , trying to comprehend what i was saying . 
 realization finally clouded those brown eyes . 
 tears welled . 
 `` my sister 's dead . '' 
 max was on his feet and heading over to the door to nose aside the curtain and peer outside . 
 this was too much for him to handle . 
 it was too much for me , as well . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , julian , '' i said , a fresh batch of tears rolling down my cheeks , the pain of watching my closest friend lose his entire family agonizing . 
 julian rolled onto his side , away from me , likely to hide his tears . 
 the action shifted the hemp blanket covering him , revealing his entire bare backside . 
 feeling my cheeks flush , i was about to avert my eyes when something caught my eye . 
 a small cross-like tattoo on his hip . 
 i gasped . 
 `` you 're - '' despite his grave injury , julian 's body stiffened and he quickly rolled back , realizing what he had just revealed : the mark that branded him part of the people 's sentinel . 
 but why was it not on his hand , like all the others ? 
 max was by my side in an instant . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 `` you 're - '' i started again but stopped to swallow , realizing that as soon as the words came out of my mouth , julian was as good as dead . 
 he was the enemy . 
 max would destroy him , regardless of whether he had saved my life . 
 recognizing the situation , julian pleaded silently with his teary eyes . 
 but why ? 
 how ? 
 how was the son of viggo 's beard family part of the enemy without viggo knowing ? 
 it explained his hatred for vampires . 
 but ... how ? 
 a flood of questions entered my mind then and i knew i would never get answers with max hovering . 
 `` probably still thirsty , '' i told max , grabbing the bowl and thrusting it toward him . 
 `` can you go fetch some more water ? '' 
 do not use the word ` fetch ' with me , max responded crisply . 
 and have you noticed i do n't have opposable thumbs ? 
 `` you 'll figure it out , max , '' i said , trying to sound casual , but failing . 
 `` unless you want me to go out there while you stay here and comfort julian . '' 
 with a grunt , max plucked the bowl out of my hand with his teeth and pushed the curtain aside , practically running out of the hut . 
 i crawled over and peeked around the curtain to watch him as he sauntered among the huts , staggering slightly . 
 he must be starving by now . 
 the place was deserted . 
 the remnants of the bonfire smoldered in the center of the clearing . 
 in daylight , i could see the place clearly for what it was-a tribal village in a dense jungle . 
 at least thirty huts formed the perimeter of the clearing . 
 two tigers sat outside each hut door as if on guard , their tails swirling back and forth as they watched the mammoth dog traipse through their village . 
 across the way , opposite our hut , sat a much larger hut than all the others . 
 four tigers guarded it . 
 that had to be the featherman 's hut . 
 i guessed he was the chief . 
 when i thought max was out of earshot , i turned and dove toward julian , my hands landing on either shoulder , pinning him roughly to the ground . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` shut up , you liar ! '' 
 i whispered sharply . 
 that earned a wince . 
 `` i did n't lie . '' 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 you just conveniently left out an important truth . 
 you and max have a lot more in common than i thought ! '' 
 i tempered my tone , realizing that my whisper was likely loud enough to carry in the quiet of the jungle . 
 `` do you blame me ? '' 
 julian whispered back . 
 `` how could i tell you ? 
 especially after that first night , when you pretty much condemned every one of us ! '' 
 `` can you blame me ? 
 you want all of my friends to die ! '' 
 `` no , i do n't ! 
 i mean , i did , but not anymore . 
 please , let me explain ! '' 
 julian pleaded . 
 with my jaw set stubbornly , i sat back on my knees , crossed my arms over my chest , and demanded , `` explain , then ! '' 
 julian struggled to sit up . 
 he met my stare with guilty eyes . 
 `` two years ago , these men approached my parents with an offer . 
 they said they 'd help us break free of the vampires . '' 
 he pausing for a moment to regain his breath , his breathing shallow . 
 `` at first my parents were n't interested . 
 i mean , they did n't need to do anything for the vampires except sign some papers every now and then and collect stupid amounts of money . 
 not exactly high-risk . 
 but a few months later , the men came back with an offer to top whatever my parents were being paid . 
 that , of course , sparked their interest . '' 
 there was contempt in his voice . 
 `` all we had to do was get marked - '' he gestured to his hip '' - and report in to a phone number if we heard or noticed anything strange . 
 my parents agreed to it . '' 
 `` and you ? '' 
 julian snorted . 
 `` they could be quite ... persuasive . '' 
 as if sitting up was too hard , he slowly eased himself back . 
 he stared up at the ceiling for a long moment before continuing . 
 `` they threatened not to pay for my med school unless i complied . '' 
 his head rolled to look at me now . 
 `` so of course i agreed . 
 i mean , what did i care about a bunch of vampires ? 
 it was obvious these men wished them harm . 
 i figured we 'd all be better off if they actually succeeded in getting rid of them . 
 i did n't know about the curse , or about this underground sentinel group and its alliance with the witches ... i did n't know about you . '' 
 he stared at me , a strange look on his face . 
 i exhaled loudly , and some of my anger went with it , replaced with a mixture of pity and confusion . 
 pity that his own parents would drag him into such a mess , and confusion over how they actually pulled off tricking a two thousand-year-old vampire who could read moods . 
 `` but how ? 
 i mean , how could viggo not find out that his beard family were double agents ? '' 
 julian shrugged . 
 `` it was n't that hard , really . 
 we never saw them . 
 the first time i ever stepped foot inside their place in manhattan was the day you were there . 
 why would they suspect anything ? 
 the men ... the sentinel told us that if we kept our markings hidden , we 'd be fine . '' 
 i added to his explanation . 
 `` and viggo is so arrogant , he never suspected someone could top his bribes . '' 
 julian nodded , rolling his eyes . 
 `` it took a lot of money , but it happened . '' 
 something still did n't sit right with me . 
 `` you parents just took the sentinel 's word at face value ? '' 
 julian chuckled . 
 `` no ... the sentinel told them that viggo and mortimer would n't be around much longer , so if they wanted to be taken care of , they 'd be smart to take the deal . 
 my parents accepted on the condition that they got several large advances up front . 
 so i guess they figured that they could n't lose , either way . '' 
 `` boy , were they wrong , '' i muttered , imagining their last few moments of life and shuddering . 
 `` sorry , '' i added . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 julian 's voice was hollow . 
 `` but luckily they did n't learn anything valuable to the sentinel while they were there . '' 
 i felt my eyes widen as realization dawned . 
 no , but you have . 
 julian knew everything there was to know . 
 everything that i knew , i had stupidly divulged to him . 
 enough to harm the vampires . 
 enough to destroy everyone i cared for . 
 max pushed through the curtain then , water splashing out of the bowl as he tried to balance it upright within his jaws . 
 he walked it over and leaned down to within julian 's reach . 
 `` thanks , max , '' julian murmured , taking the bowl . 
 he lifted his head enough to drink from the edge of the bowl , his worried eyes locked on me the entire time . 
 if only you knew , max , i thought , my focus shifting back and forth between the two of them . 
 when julian finished , he half-placed , half-dropped the bowl on the floor and wiped the water from his chin with the back of his hand . 
 `` for what it 's worth , i regret ever agreeing to it . '' 
 regret what ? 
 max piped in . 
 `` sure you do , now that you got caught , '' i answered bitterly . 
 caught doing what ? 
 max asked , his tone agitated . 
 `` no ... now that i know you . 
 now that i know the whole truth and what could happen if this comes to blows . '' 
 i pressed my lips together as i weighed my options . 
 i could tell max right now and end any threat julian could ever become to caden and the others . 
 but ... he had saved me from ursula . 
 he had attacked his own sister-her body-to protect me . 
 i owed him . 
 i did n't have to trust him . 
 but i needed time to think things through . 
 while we were exiled to yet another remote part of the world , he could n't cause too much trouble . 
 it would only take a few words from me to end him . 
 `` nothing , max , '' i finally said , adding with an air of triumph , `` you 're on a ` need to know ' basis . '' 
 max grumbled in displeasure but said nothing . 
 the worry in julian 's eyes lifted slightly . 
 you 're not off the hook , you liar . 
 i turned my back on him . 
 hugging my chest to my knees , i lamented over everything . 
 at least i did n't feel like a complete idiot this time . 
 the foreros had fooled everyone , not just the ever-gullible , naive evangeline . 
 uncomfortable silence filled the hut as i stared at the mud wall for what felt like hours . 
 finally i heard the soft sound of snoring . 
 good . 
 i could easily avoid talking to him for the rest of the day if he was n't awake . 
 9 . 
 illusions it was my first time in viggo and mortimer 's jet cabin since the trip to new york with evangeline . 
 with four vampires taking turns pacing around in it , three of them beside themselves with grief over the loss of fiona only hours ago , it did n't feel quite the same . 
 escaping from the fifth avenue palace had been easy , but not graceful . 
 since crashing through an army of witches to escape behind the wheel of a car was too risky , even in the hum-v , we used the sewer system access from the garage , weaving through muck , rats , and other vileness for a mile or so to resurface in central park . 
 from there it was a simple act of grand theft auto and tripling the speed limit to get us to viggo 's airfield in record time . 
 we likely could have run to the plane in the same amount of time , had it not been for bishop . 
 mage struggled with the broken-hearted vampire every step of the way . 
 all he wanted to do was turn around and dive back into that battleground to avenge fiona 's death , a reckless move that would mean certain death for him . 
 i even tried a few calming spells on him , but none seemed to work , his anguish overpowering all . 
 i found myself wishing that mage could compel him to follow peacefully . 
 in the end , mage kept bishop alive with brute force , dragging him kicking and screaming through the tunnels , her tiny arm around his broad neck in a headlock . 
 their difference in size almost made it look comical . 
 i was surprised she bothered , but i felt grateful that she did . 
 losing one of them would be hard enough for evangeline . 
 losing two ... now we flew south toward the remote south american island where evangeline waited , guarded by a group of demons created in one of my magical blunders . 
 a part of me overflowed with joy that i would finally see my girl again . 
 and when we did meet , it would be without the mask i had so stoically worn to hide my true feelings for her , to alienate myself from her . 
 i would no longer need to lurk within the shadows to be near her . 
 life would be different now . 
 i sighed . 
 no , life was not yet different . 
 i needed to be a long way off from joy right now . 
 i had failed to break the deadly curse hanging over her . 
 she was still hunted and now viggo and mortimer knew exactly where she hid . 
 i silently admonished myself for not moving the tribe from their original location . 
 it had seemed like too much of a hassle at the time , the island was so isolated , so perfect for concealing that sort of creature . 
 evangeline was still in great danger , until i figured out how to lift that blasted curse . 
 then caden could transform her , something i was sure she wanted , and she would no longer be a fragile human . 
 standing at the front of the cabin , i swept my eyes over its occupants , assessing the atmosphere . 
 it was one of complete and utter despair . 
 we had all taken a turn in the jet 's shower , washing the sewers off our bodies . 
 caden and mage had pilfered fresh sets of clothes for all of us from the other private planes at the airfield . 
 the physical evidence of the attack was long gone . 
 but all i had to do was glance at bishop , who sat in a seat off to himself , his forehead pressed up against the window as he stared out at the night sky with empty gray eyes , to see that the witches ' attack had wounded us gravely . 
 my heart ached for the young man . 
 he had just watched his love of seven hundred years burn ! 
 the sickness now growing inside him was one to which i could relate . 
 it was dangerous , for him and everyone around him . 
 we 'd have to watch him closely . 
 `` miss sofie ? '' 
 the pretty young flight attendant , jasmine , poked her head into the cabin , pulling me from my dark thoughts . 
 i turned to smile at her . 
 i had summoned her and the two pilots on our way to the airfield and then compelled them to fly without viggo 's consent . 
 the three of them were on call twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week , with the expectation that they 'd be ready to take off within an hour 's notice . 
 it was an unreasonable demand , but they did n't work much and they were paid handsomely for it , making them willing to cater to viggo 's eccentricities , taking residences nearby and dropping everything to run at the ring of their phones . 
 of course , they had no idea what their employers were , other than assuming they were involved in seriously shady business . 
 `` yes , jasmine ? '' 
 `` you asked me to tell you when mr. viggo arrived at the airfield . 
 the tower called . 
 he just did . '' 
 how predictable . 
 so viggo and mortimer had made it to the airfield to take the jet i had already commandeered . 
 they 'd be pissed , realizing i had duped them to get a head start to evangeline . 
 not that they 'd be surprised . 
 i was actually shocked they 'd waited in the warehouse as long as they had . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and they tried to take another plane , but all of the cockpits had been vandalized . '' 
 my eyes shifted briefly to mage , who offered a tiny smile . 
 she and caden must have busted up the electronics while looking for clothes , to buy us a bigger head start . 
 smart thinking . 
 now viggo and mortimer would have to find a plane as well as a pilot . 
 `` thanks for the update , jasmine . '' 
 i smiled warmly . 
 as she was turning away , another thought struck me . 
 `` oh , jaz ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` have you heard anything over the news about an explosion or terrorist attack in manhattan ... anything at all like that ? '' 
 jasmine 's perfectly-sculpted brown eyebrows furrowed as she shook her head . 
 `` no , miss sofie . '' 
 i smiled again . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 that meant the witches were containing the attack , keeping it under wraps . 
 for what reason , i did n't know . 
 but every day the vampires stayed out of the news kept us away from being exposed , and the fated world war from beginning . 
 jasmine pulled her head back into the cockpit , leaving behind a hint of floral-scented shampoo , and closed the door . 
 i heard the lock click and chuckled . 
 if we wanted in , we 'd get in , but if a lock made them feel safe , have at it . 
 `` so what does that mean ? 
 will they still come ? '' 
 amelie asked , looking up at me with wide emerald eyes from the same seat that evangeline had occupied on her way to new york . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure they will . 
 we just stalled them slightly . 
 they 'll find a way to get there ; we 'll just be there before them and , i hope , be gone by the time they arrive . '' 
 that remote island off the southern tip of south america where the tribe lived was the absolute last place on earth viggo wanted to go . 
 but if that was where veronique 's pendant was , then as sure as the sun would rise in the morning , that 's where he would go . 
 i just hoped it did n't require a massacre to get there . 
 `` and what happens when we get there ? '' 
 caden asked , his arm wrapped protectively around his sister , worry marring his beautiful face . 
 `` who is this ` tribe ' ? '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 my creation . '' 
 i felt my lips curve up in a smile , though nothing about that tribe deserved a smile . 
 i strolled over to take a seat-the same one i had occupied when flying with evangeline-and asked , `` did evangeline ever mention the spell i cast that inadvertently cursed her ? '' 
 amelie and caden 's heads bobbed in assent . 
 `` she said something about some ... fates ? '' 
 amelie offered . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , the fates . 
 they 're basically like the gods of the witches . 
 i liken them to a group of overweight housewives sitting around a table , thinking up ways to twist hopes and dreams into some perversion of a solution , '' i explained sardonically . 
 mage chuckled softly , amused by my interpretation . 
 i turned to give her a flat stare . 
 `` but-oh , that 's right . 
 i forgot , mage . 
 you know all about the fates , do n't you ! 
 that slipped my mind . 
 much as it slipped yours . '' 
 mage cocked her head , then dipped it slightly as if to acknowledge my jibe with a silent `` nice one . '' 
 i turned back to caden and amelie . 
 `` of course , i have no idea what the fates would look like if they took on physical form . 
 i do n't even know how i managed to call on them the first time . 
 there 's no manual for getting ahold of them . 
 it 's kind of like humans praying to their god . 
 i just sort of stumbled upon them when i was desperate to turn for nathan ... '' i realized i was babbling and quickly regrouped my thoughts . 
 `` anyway , forty years after i cast the first causal enchantment-the kind of spell the fates grant-i began getting impatient . 
 when i get impatient , i start doing ... reckless things . '' 
 nathan had always been quick to point that out . 
 `` i began testing the fates , casting all kinds of causal enchantments , attacking the problem from different angles to see what they would throw back at me . 
 one of these spells was an attempt to erase my original one altogether , as if it never happened-to change fate back . 
 i knew it was a long shot , but what did i have to lose ? 
 well , sure enough , the fates came back with an ` idea , ' all right . '' 
 i gave them my best sarcastic eye roll . 
 `` they turned this remote tribe in the amazon into the anti-magic of that wielded by vampires and witches . '' 
 `` interesting , '' mage murmured , her expression pensive . 
 `` that 's the second of these causal enchantments that did n't exist in our earth . '' 
 i did n't miss the scowl on caden 's face when mage said `` our earth . '' 
 they still had n't come to terms with her manipulation of their memories . 
 i could n't blame them . 
 `` are you positive ? '' 
 mage nodded adamantly . 
 `` and why does the original vampire from your earth not look identical to me ? '' 
 `` it does n't make sense ... '' i agreed softly , speaking more to myself . 
 another piece to this fates puzzle that did n't make sense . 
 i hated broken puzzles . 
 `` if our worlds are parallel , someone like me should have been in yours , casting the same causal enchantments , destroying the vampire venom . '' 
 amelie and caden nodded in silent agreement , their expressions reflecting their confusion . 
 in my peripheral vision , i noticed that even bishop had perked up . 
 `` it 's like you did n't exist in our world , '' mage said . 
 `` like you are unique to your earth . 
 perhaps planted here to alter the course of things . '' 
 i mulled over her theory . 
 `` planted by whom ? '' 
 `` the fates ? '' 
 mage suggested . 
 `` i mean , how many parallel worlds do they reign over ? 
 mine , yours , how many others ? 
 maybe they get bored with watching the same thing happen over and over again , seeing the same faces ... maybe they decided to throw a wrench into the works . '' 
 i had never thought of that . 
 was i a wrench for the fates ? 
 was my very existence , my constant drive to test the boundaries of magic , a by-product of these gods ' need to spice things up ? 
 maybe the fates lounged around in their sweats and rollers , watching , waiting to see what ideas their crazy jester would come up with next . 
 the very idea twisted my stomach into knots and ran my blood icy cold . 
 was i their entertainment ? 
 mage 's voice pulled me from my silent brooding . 
 i looked up to see them all watching me . 
 how long had i drifted off in thought ? 
 `` so then , this tribe-what are they , exactly ? '' 
 she asked . 
 right . 
 the tribe . 
 i pushed a stray lock of hair off my face . 
 `` good question . 
 i 'm not quite sure . '' 
 i gave them the rundown-the toxic skin , the unsightly appearance , how their own magic counters witches ' magic within a ten-mile radius , the tiger deal i made with them to protect evangeline . 
 `` they worship the god of fire . 
 i do n't know ... '' i rolled my eyes when mage looked at me questioningly . 
 `` but what exactly their magic can do , i 'm not sure . 
 one day , if we survive this coming war , maybe i 'll experiment . 
 that 's why i kept them alive and hidden all this time . 
 for now , i 'm happy to stay as far away from those wretched creatures as i can . '' 
 `` why tigers ? '' 
 amelie asked suddenly . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` no reason that i can think of except companionship . 
 they 're the only creature that is n't affected by their touch . 
 they have a slew of the animals in their village and i promised to bring them more as part of my deal to keep evangeline safe , should she show up there . 
 whatever the reason , they 're great for negotiating . '' 
 `` that 's just the kind of stupid , arbitrary stuff that the fates come up with , '' mage added , her tone flip . 
 `` so this tribe is dangerous . 
 we want to get in and out as quickly as possible , '' caden acknowledged . 
 `` what do we need to do ? '' '' 
 i noticed the creased picture of evangeline in his hands then , the one i had secretly passed him weeks ago . 
 many times , i had caught him off in a corner , gazing at her face . 
 it was an endearing picture . 
 but a picture just did n't cut it next to the real thing ... and that reminded me of something i needed to do before i felt completely safe with him around her . 
 i stood and walked over to the bar fridge . 
 reaching in , i grabbed several bags of blood that i knew would be there-viggo had stashed blood everywhere . 
 `` we find the tribe . '' 
 i began tossing bags out to the group . 
 the one i threw in bishop 's direction hit his knee and dropped to the floor ; he made no move to grab it . 
 `` hope they do n't kill us , and get the hell out of there with evangeline . '' 
 i ended at caden , who held his hands out in anticipation . 
 `` not you . '' 
 he frowned , as did amelie , her curls bobbing as she turned from caden to me . 
 `` i need to know i can trust you . '' 
 `` have n't the last twelve hours proven anything ? '' 
 caden said . 
 `` yes , but i 'm worried your emotions will get the better of you when you see evangeline for the first time . '' 
 by emotions , i meant lust . 
 lust was as much a driver as fresh blood and caden , being in his early twenties , was definitely no shy schoolboy . 
 `` i need to test you . '' 
 caden arched an eyebrow , a worried question in his eyes . 
 i walked over to the cockpit door and knocked . 
 jasmine 's head popped out almost immediately . 
 `` would you mind coming out for a moment ? 
 just for a sec . '' 
 i reached out to take her hand . 
 she nodded and stepped into the cabin , scanning the others . 
 i pushed the door closed behind her . 
 `` what lovely brown eyes you have , '' i cooed , steering her attention back to me with my fingertip on her chin . 
 she smiled shyly , no clue of my real intentions-that i was zoning in on her irises , pulling her eyes in to mine until our focus was locked . 
 in seconds , she was staring vacantly back at me , compelled . 
 `` you are going to walk over to caden and offer him your blood , '' i said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 caden barked out behind me . 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 i ignored him . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 she nodded dumbly . 
 holding her hand , i turned to look at caden . 
 `` i need to know that i can trust you . '' 
 his jade eyes shifted between jasmine and me , full of doubt . 
 `` how is this going to prove anything , sofie ? '' 
 in answer , i plucked a few hundred helix links . 
 with a quick disguising chant-the same kind that ursula used to turn herself into a sweet old bird-feeding lady for evangeline-i let my magic loose . 
 it swirled around jasmine 's body like a tornado , visible only to mage and i . 
 we all watched as jasmine 's hair lightened and grew six inches longer , as her eyes lightened to milk-chocolate brown , as her skin paled . 
 as she turned into evangeline . 
 i heard the sharp intakes of breath from the others . 
 it was spine-chilling to see this mirage , even for me , and i was the one who had created it . 
 `` now , if you would please - '' i gestured toward caden . 
 with slow , catatonic steps , jasmine walked over and sat down in the free chair beside him , opposite amelie . 
 gathering her hair and pulling it back , she leaned away from caden and arched her back to expose her long , slender neck . 
 `` please . 
 go ahead , '' she offered , her voice identical to evangeline 's . 
 i swallowed the anxiety in my throat and watched caden blink several times , awed by the illusion . 
 please , control yourself . 
 if he did n't defy the urge that was now electrifying his entire body , there was no way i was bringing him with me to the tribe . 
 caden 's jaw tightened . 
 `` no , '' he growled through clenched teeth . 
 i allowed myself a small smile . 
 he had passed the first step . 
 but this was n't the real test . 
 sailing over to the illusion 's side with just a thought , i yanked a sharp piece of metal from the underside of her chair . 
 grabbing her wrist , i slashed the metal across it , opening up a wide gash . 
 all four vampires hissed . 
 that 's fine . 
 this is as hard as it will get for caden around evangeline . 
 if he began feeding on her , he would n't stop until she was dead ; i could almost guarantee that . 
 so he needed to fight it . 
 jasmine held her wrist up to caden 's mouth . 
 `` go on , '' she offered sweetly . 
 caden gritted his teeth tighter . 
 sickness stirred in my stomach . 
 i knew this was torture . 
 if this were a human version of nathan sitting in front of me , offering me his wrist , i did n't know that i could refuse . 
 and that 's why i needed to be sure . 
 icy blue-green eyes turned to glare at me . 
 he was fighting the transformation , his whites now tinged with red , his pupils dilated , tiny veins beginning to grow and throb . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 get her away before i kill her , '' he whispered , his voice agonized now . 
 my answer came fast and hard . 
 `` if you want to see evangeline again-ever-then you will control yourself . 
 i will sacrifice a thousand jasmines before i let anything happen to my girl . '' 
 the warning seemed to spark a new level of control in caden . 
 when he turned back to look at the illusion , it was n't with hunger in his eyes . 
 he searched her features , all but ignoring the bleeding wrist under his nose . 
 after a moment , he lifted his hand to run his finger along her chin , down her neck . 
 `` she looks so much like her , '' he murmured . 
 please , control yourself . 
 please . 
 a metal creak echoed through the cabin . 
 glancing down , i realized that my fingernails had punctured the ivory leather upholstery and warped the metal frame of the seat . 
 taking a deep , calming breath , i released my grip and turned back to caden . 
 we remained like that for a long time-caden and amelie staring at a bleeding replica of evangeline , mage watching with interest . 
 bishop had turned to stare out the window again , back in his own private hell . 
 finally , when the pool of blood on the floor by her seat began to worry me , i reached out to her . 
 `` thank you , jasmine , '' i called , lifting the illusion and the compulsion . 
 the fog in jasmine 's eyes lifted , and they skittered around the cabin in confusion . 
 `` you poor thing ! 
 that 's a nasty cut on your wrist . '' 
 i took her by the hand and helped her up . 
 `` you should get that looked at when we land . '' 
 as if my words had permitted her to feel pain , she flinched . 
 she held up her wrist and stared at it with wide , shocked eyes . 
 `` how ... how 'd i do that ? '' 
 `` glass . '' 
 the lie rolled easily off my tongue . 
 lying had become second-nature to me many years ago . 
 `` glass ? '' 
 she repeated , scanning the floor around her for the evidence . 
 mage appeared beside me , holding up a broken shard of a wine glass from who knows where . 
 `` yes , see ? '' 
 jasmine stared blankly back at her . 
 i felt a twinge of guilt for putting her through this . 
 `` here , this should help . '' 
 mage swiftly went to work winding gauze around her wrist-plucked from the never-before-used emergency kit under one of the seats . 
 she handed the woman an ice pack from the freezer . 
 `` press this up against it , '' she instructed , offering her a warm smile . 
 `` it should help stop the bleeding . '' 
 `` yes , it will be as good as new with that , '' i added , placing my hand over the pack and quickly weaving a few threads of magic into her wrist to close up the wound and speed up the healing . 
 we did n't need her bleeding out in the cockpit . 
 `` oh , okay . 
 thanks , '' jasmine murmured , slowly walking back toward the cockpit , glancing over her shoulder at all of us several times . 
 not until i heard the door lock click did i smile . 
 `` and now we know , '' i said . 
 caden returned a grin of his own , his relief unmistakable . 
 relief that matched my own . 
 i could trust caden with evangeline . 
 satisfied , i strolled past him to take a seat in a vacant corner , grabbing a blood bag on my way . 
 i needed time to strategize . 
 how would i get evangeline out of there ? 
 and where in this world could we go to hide from viggo and mortimer ? 
 unfortunately i did n't get much strategizing time , as mage slid into the chair across from me . 
 `` well , that must make you happy . 
 one less threat to evangeline ? '' 
 she asked almost tentatively , as if testing the waters . 
 likely wanting to see how i would react to her , now that we were not busy hunting mutants or fighting off witches . 
 now that i knew what she was , the powers she held , the danger she presented . 
 frankly , i was n't sure what to make of mage anymore . 
 for someone i openly claimed not to trust , there was a large part of me that felt betrayed when she revealed her secret , as if she should have told me sooner . 
 it was stupid , really ... and yet it was impossible to ignore . 
 i searched her face for an inkling of what she was thinking . 
 nothing . 
 unreadable . 
 `` yes . 
 one less danger . '' 
 `` so what are we going to do now ? '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 such a small , unassuming word , and yet it weighed so heavily , coming from her . 
 it implied we were a team . 
 `` yes , i thought ... '' mage stumbled over her words , an odd thing to witness the five thousand-year-old vampire doing . 
 and then it happened . 
 as she looked down at her hands folded in her lap , i saw the mask drop . 
 it was fleeting , but i saw underneath-saw grief ; loss . 
 it was a long moment before she looked up again . 
 `` there 's nothing i can say to make you trust me , is there ? '' 
 i felt my jaw set . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't believe there is . '' 
 she nodded , and determination flashed in her eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 read me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` read me , '' she repeated . 
 but i was already shaking my head , feeling my forehead furrow deeply . 
 `` i heard you , but ... what ? '' 
 mage heaved a loud sigh . 
 `` back on ratheus , when i first found out about you-about a witch who was also a vampire-i had to admit that i was intrigued . 
 and impressed . 
 then , when i met you ... when i got to know you , i realized how alike the two of us are . '' 
 `` we are nothing alike ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` no ? '' 
 the tiniest smile crooked her mouth . 
 `` powerful women , witch heritage ... of course , i 'm not a witch anymore , but i still remember those days . 
 we both want to save this world . 
 and neither of us enjoy killing innocent people . '' 
 the smile slid of her face . 
 `` we 've both suffered terrible loss . 
 we 're both lonely . '' 
 `` i 'm not ... '' my words drifted away , unable to form that one lie . 
 `` really ? 
 and where is your family ? 
 your friends ? '' 
 i paused , the mention of friends reminding me of leo . 
 pain ripped through me as i thought of my old companion for the first time since the witch attack , of the delivery of his message , of how the connection cut off so abruptly , so completely . 
 there was only one way that could happen . 
 death . 
 `` i have no one , '' mage offered when i did n't speak . 
 `` not one friend . 
 except you . '' 
 i opened my mouth to deny her claim to this supposed `` friendship , '' but she was already talking again . 
 `` i should have told you . 
 i should have trusted you . '' 
 she looked down at her hands . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` well ... like you said . 
 there are no words left to make me trust you . '' 
 `` i did say that . '' 
 that steady , confident `` mage voice '' was back again . 
 `` so read me . 
 you will know everything about me in thirty seconds . '' 
 she crooked her head , smiling . 
 `` maybe a minute . 
 five thousand years is a lot of memory to rifle through . 
 you will see that my intentions are genuine . 
 you will see that i do n't have some grand scheme . 
 i am here to help you protect evangeline and this world . '' 
 i wanted so much to believe her , i realized as i gazed at that tiny , pale , asian face . 
 at my ... friend . 
 i never would , though . 
 not until i uncovered what she could not hide . 
 without another moment 's hesitation , before she could renege on her offer , i sank a dozen magical tendrils into her body . 
 they sailed in as if invited through a wide-open door , snaking into mage 's memories and thoughts as they had done with caden . 
 only here , there was more-so much more . 
 the moment five thousand years ago , when she realized what that fates had turned her into ; her first human kill and her horror as she gazed down on her victim . 
 regret tainted her every thought . 
 regret for testing the fates with such a superficial request . 
 regret as her own family of sorcerers shunned her with disgusted sneers and ghastly screams . 
 i wove in and out of years , jumping from decade to decade , one century to the next ; through the common stages of denial and then acceptance , of eccentricity and then a craving for normality ; through the overwhelming boredom , the recurring urges to end her eternal life . 
 so many years , besieged with melancholy and distrust as her strength grew to undefeatable heights . 
 cycling through one male companion to the next , with no desire to stay ; guarding her back as those around her plotted to usurp her from her invisible throne . 
 and then suddenly ... a face . 
 a woman 's face . 
 young , beautiful , vampire . 
 just like that , it was as if the sun rose over a horizon , and warmth blossomed within my heart . 
 yolanda . 
 that was her name . 
 a sister . 
 a friend . 
 mage 's best friend . 
 from that point on , mage 's memories took a turn toward a blissful place , the days filled with laughter and peace . 
 mage now had an ally , someone to watch her back , someone to trust wholeheartedly . 
 there were no more thoughts of death . 
 not for six hundred years . 
 until suddenly , that security was yanked out from under mage , vanishing in a haze of darkness and fire delivered by witches and baited by the sentinel . 
 i watched as mage stepped through carnage to find yolanda 's dead eyes staring up from where she had fallen . 
 like a twig snapping in half , something broke in mage then . 
 i felt her tumbling backward , back into darkness , only it was so much bleaker this time . 
 in the next memory flash , i was peering out over a sea of heads in a football stadium . 
 cameras were everywhere , aimed to capture any angle . 
 it was a really big game . 
 mage 's attention was on the football team in the green and white uniforms . 
 she had previously traced two of them as sentinel spies . 
 in their football gear , she was n't sure which ones they were . 
 she decided it did n't matter . 
 she 'd just kill them all . 
 and that 's exactly what she did . 
 on live national television , in front of millions of spectators , a vampire slaughtered an entire football team to avenge her best friend 's murder . 
 filtering through the rest of mage 's memories , i watched the war unfold through her eyes , the eyes of the catalyst who brought about the end of the world . 
 through the moment when she realized the grave impact of her rampage , however noble the intentions may have been ; through her desperate attempts to stop the devastation ; through to the migration to the south american continent that she would rename new shore ; through her order to exterminate three-quarters of the vampires because there were simply too many to keep the peace . 
 the aftermath was a long , endless stretch of regret during which guilt ate away at her dark soul . 
 so many times , mage held flint and stone in her hand , ready to step into a blazing inferno . 
 only the seer 's words stayed her desire , burning into her mind as surely as if they were on fire . 
 a parallel world . 
 a second chance , perhaps . 
 a chance to do right . 
 if only she could get a second chance ... the last images that flashed through mage 's mind were of evangeline 's friends being dragged , bound by merth ; of evangeline 's terrified face , and mage 's urge to come forward and comfort her , knowing there was no point , that her reputation as an evil tyrant was all that had kept the masses from turning on her . 
 and then my own face appeared in her memory , my red hair framing my face like a lion 's mane , my eyes set with crazed determination as i wielded fire balls , leveling dozens of ratheus vampires . 
 mage had an opening . 
 i saw it now . 
 she had regained her senses quickly-unlike the others-and she could have killed me . 
 she thought about it . 
 but there was something about me that intrigued her . 
 an instant kinship that stayed her lethal hands . 
 she let me live . 
 by the time my magical threads released mage , i was leaning so far forward in my chair that i was surprised i did n't fall out . 
 dazed , i slid back , my eyes wide with shock as i stared openly at her , not because she was so horrific , not because the span of her lifetime was overwhelming , but because so many of her own memories and emotions reminded me of ... my own . 
 i swallowed several times before opening my mouth to speak , only nothing came out . 
 i was utterly speechless . 
 drained of all suspicion in less than a minute . 
 mage smiled sadly at me . 
 `` so you see , you and i are not all that different . '' 
 with a small nod , i whispered , `` i guess not , '' and left it at that . 
 there was nothing else to say . 
 just like that , seeing her for what she was , all of my apprehension vanished , all doubt of her intentions slid away . 
 i now had a true ally in this war . 
 i now had a real friend . 
 it was ... comforting . 
 i glanced over to see caden , amelie , and bishop watching us intently , no doubt eavesdropping on the conversation . 
 by the relieved looks on their faces , they 'd figured out what had happened and they were pleased with the outcome . 
 it meant mage was genuinely on our side . 
 against viggo , against the witches and the sentinel , against all threats . 
 we needed her . 
 mage cleared her throat . 
 `` so after we get evangeline , then what ? '' 
 back to the plans . 
 `` i guess we could always go back to the cabin in the mountains , if it 's still there . 
 whatever happened between leo and ursula may have burnt the thing to the ground . 
 i wo n't know until i make a few phone calls . '' 
 `` and who is this ursula ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` long story . 
 psycho jealous witch . 
 i 'll explain later . '' 
 `` speaking of jealous psychos , '' amelie piped up . 
 `` what do you think happened to rachel ? '' 
 mage and i groaned in unison . 
 `` i hope the witches finish her off , '' mage muttered . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 though doubtful . 
 that would be too easy for all of us . 
 `` now , will we be taking this plane the entire way ? 
 you said it was an island ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we have another three or four hours , then we 'll need to stop over and get a smaller plane , but one big enough to carry seven of us , plus max , '' i answered . 
 `` you mean six , '' bishop growled from his corner , thinking i had accidentally and cold-heartedly counted fiona . 
 `` no , bishop , '' i answered as gently as i could . 
 `` there will likely be seven . 
 i do n't imagine leo sent the entire staff with evangeline , given the tribe would not handle that well . 
 but i 'm thinking he might have sent julian . '' 
 `` julian ? '' 
 caden asked . 
 `` camila 's son-the woman you all killed on the first night ? 
 i sent him with evangeline to the mountains at her request . '' 
 caden 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` and what 's this son , like ... ten ? 
 twelve years old ? '' 
 oh-oh . 
 i know where this is going . 
 i had n't thought of this . 
 `` in his early twenties . '' 
 `` no need to worry , '' mage added , chuckling . 
 `` i 'm not worried , '' caden quickly threw back . 
 he stood and began pacing . 
 `` so she 's been in these mountains with this twenty-something-year-old guy for the past month . 
 after i tried to kill her . '' 
 `` caden ... '' amelie said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` she 's madly in love with you . '' 
 caden scowled at his sister and marched off into the opposite corner . 
 he was worried . 
 and now so was i . 
 a jealous vampire was an irrational one . 
 which made for a lethal one . 
 10 . 
 untangle `` you said sofie is coming to get us out of here ? '' 
 i asked max , my hand holding the cloth door back as i appraised the sleeping village . 
 the tribe was nocturnal , max explained , and so all was quiet except for the occasional stirring of a tiger , guarding the huts . 
 now , though , with the sun passing below the tree line , they would rise . 
 uh-huh . 
 `` when ? '' 
 dunno . 
 max had resorted to one-word answers where possible , likely to conserve his energy . 
 he was starving and he was n't permitted to hunt . 
 sofie had warned him against hunting while on the island . 
 the tribe considered all animals food for their precious tigers . 
 they 'd kill max if he dared deprive the tigers of food . 
 we stayed in the hut all day , except to get water from the basin a few times-and i would n't have done that , if not for the sweltering tropical heat . 
 i dragged max along with me each time , clinging to him like a terrified child , constantly reminding myself to breathe as the tigers ' eyes lingered on me , their noses twitching as they sniffed the air , their tails writhing excitedly . 
 max said they would n't attack . 
 i was n't so sure . 
 `` i hope she comes soon . 
 this place gives me the creeps . '' 
 i dropped the curtain and wrapped my arms tightly around my chest . 
 max sighed heavily . 
 she 'll come as soon as she can , but i do n't know when that will be . 
 `` and you 're sure she knows we 're here ? '' 
 oh , yes . 
 leo would have made sure of it . 
 a sharp pain , at the mention of my dear old friend . 
 she does n't want you near these things any longer than necessary . 
 it could be days , or weeks - `` weeks ! '' 
 i felt my eyes bug out at the possibility . 
 `` no , it would n't be weeks . 
 not if you are n't allowed to hunt here ! '' 
 i can last a few weeks without food . 
 `` you 've already lasted a few weeks without hunting because you were too stubborn to go in the mountains ! '' 
 i reminded him . 
 she could be on her way right now . 
 `` really ? '' 
 excitement nudged aside my worry for max momentarily , as a bubble of hope grew . 
 sofie , on her way ? 
 what would i say to her ? 
 what would it be like around her , now that i knew the truth ? 
 but more importantly - `` will she come alone ? '' 
 max did n't give his answer any thought . 
 likely . 
 i ca n't see why she 'd be traveling with any of them . 
 too risky . 
 they 're likely still uncontrollable . 
 and just like that , max burst my bubble . 
 of course caden would n't be coming with her . 
 only a month had passed . 
 it felt like forever but in the grand scheme of things , a month was nothing . 
 a blink of time . 
 i heard rustling behind me . 
 julian , shifting in his sleep . 
 since i had discovered his dirty little secret , i refused to speak to him . 
 it was n't too hard , given he slept most of the day , only waking to call out for water . 
 i had the spiteful urge to withhold it from him , to let him know how angry i was with him , but i knew that would prove fatal , in this tropical heat and in his condition . 
 plus max would suspect a serious problem if i acted so cruelly . 
 in the end , i made sure my nails dug into his neck a little as i lifted his head toward the water bowl . 
 julian was terribly weak but max thought he would survive , thanks to whatever the tribe had done to him . 
 that was twice now that he should have died but was saved with magic . 
 if max found out about julian 's secret identity , i doubted magic could save him a third time . 
 i dearly hope she brings something for me though , when she comes , max grumbled , interrupting my thoughts on julian . 
 something warm and bloody . 
 i turned to look at the werebeast who lay sprawled on the cool floor , his hungry eyes zoned in on the sleeping man . 
 i knew what he was thinking . 
 `` do n't you dare , max , '' i warned . 
 guilty eyes shifted over to me . 
 `` go hunt ! 
 before they wake up . '' 
 i 'm fine , he said half-heartedly . 
 `` look at you ! 
 you 're definitely not fine . 
 we 're in a jungle . 
 there 's got to be tons of warm , bloody things for you to eat ! '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` i 'm sure the tigers can spare a few mice , or rats , or ... whatever rodents there are out there . '' 
 i checked the darkening horizon . 
 `` go now ! 
 you can be back before they wake up . '' 
 do you know how many rats i 'd have to catch ? 
 i cringed . 
 `` i 'd rather not . '' 
 besides , they 'll know . 
 `` how ? '' 
 they just will . 
 i ca n't . 
 i need to stay alive to protect you . 
 `` i do n't see how good a big heap of fur lying on the ground will be to me , '' i muttered . 
 a chorus of feline roars filled the air then , earning a small yelp of alarm from me . 
 julian stirred again , but his eyes remained closed ; a thin layer of sweat shone on his forehead . 
 cautiously lifting a corner of the door flap , i peeked out again to see the tigers now on their feet , stretching lazily . 
 then , one by one , the tribe emerged . 
 one hell of an alarm clock , right ? 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 ducking back to avoid being seen , i watched through the crack as they quietly went about their business : the women carrying baskets of various fruits , the men dragging wood toward the fire pit , all of them glancing frequently in my direction . 
 one woman cradled a young boy of maybe two in her arms . 
 as they passed , his glowing , jaundiced eyes grazed mine . 
 `` are they human ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 they were until eighty years ago . 
 then the fates transformed them into those things . 
 they still live and die like humans , eat like humans , breed like humans . 
 in the beginning , the tribe was half this size . 
 they 've multiplied over the years . 
 `` so , they always looked like ... this ? '' 
 the fates did that to their eyes . 
 the teeth are just bad genes . 
 the piercings , they 've done to themselves . 
 max snorted . 
 i do n't imagine the inbreeding has helped much . 
 within minutes , loud snaps and crackles announced another raging fire . 
 across the clearing , i spotted the tribal leader walking toward the pyre , his big feathered hat making him appear two feet taller . 
 `` they sure like their fire , do n't they , '' i murmured . 
 they worship the god of fire . 
 i glanced back at him . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 max grunted in response , not bothering to lift his head . 
 i began to worry . 
 losing leo was bad enough ; i could n't lose max . 
 i had no idea how long it would take a werebeast to starve to death , and i was n't going to find out . 
 i needed to get permission for max to eat . 
 `` i 'm going out there to find you food , '' i announced . 
 `` i 'll be back . '' 
 that earned a chuckle . 
 do n't bother . 
 those damn cats are too precious to them . 
 i ignored his skepticism , wagging a warning finger at him . 
 `` and do n't you so much as lick julian while i 'm gone . '' 
 inhaling , my nerves fluttering wildly in my stomach , i pushed the curtain back and stepped out . 
 at least a dozen heads whipped around to look at me , but no one approached ; no spears waved in my direction . 
 the chief , who now sat on a chair carved out of a tree stump , looked over , his unsightly eyes settling on me for a short moment before shifting back to the flames . 
 he 's the one i need to convince . 
 eyes locked on my target , i moved forward , my legs suddenly stiffening so i walked jerkily . 
 he watched me approach , intrigue in those hideous orbs . 
 when it was clear i was coming to speak to him , a quick bark in his native garble scattered everyone , granting me a wide berth . 
 i stopped about four feet away from him , and swallowed . 
 `` do you speak english at all ? '' 
 i asked . 
 those sickly eyes bored into me , but he said nothing . 
 clearly not . 
 how am i going to convince him to let max kill on his land ? 
 as i stood there , desperate for an idea to miraculously fall onto my head , the chief 's attention drifted down to my necklace , his brow puckering slightly as if he noticed something . 
 his mouth opened to speak , exposing his rotted teeth . 
 but then , with a quick glance over at our hut , he clamped his mouth firmly shut . 
 i glanced over my shoulder to catch a snout poking out from behind the curtain of our hut . 
 max , watching . 
 always watching . 
 a female pulled me back , mumbling . 
 her hands and arms clad in a pair of long gloves , she held out a bowl of small red berries . 
 up close , i could see they were crafted out of some sort of reptilian skin . 
 snake , perhaps . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i smiled , accepting the bowl . 
 gloved fingers reached forward to pick out a berry . 
 she gestured toward her mouth . 
 eat , she was saying . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i smiled again . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 if only someone would bring a nice fresh carcass in a bowl to max ... that gave me an idea , one that required my mediocre skills at charades . 
 i pointed at the hut , then at the bowl . 
 the woman nodded as if in understanding . 
 she snapped her fingers and another woman ran over , carrying a second bowl of berries . 
 for julian . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i mean , yes , for julian . 
 but what about max ? '' 
 she stared at me `` big dog ? '' 
 i said slowly and loudly , spreading my arms as far as possible . 
 still no acknowledgement . 
 i sighed . 
 placing the bowls of fruit down on the ground , i dropped to my hands and knees and pointed at the bowl . 
 no response . 
 `` woof ! '' 
 i barked . 
 a chorus of high-pitched shrieks sounded , and i felt my face redden . 
 they were laughing at me . 
 i decided i did n't care . 
 max needed to eat . 
 suddenly the chief spoke . 
 `` demon dog ... need blood ? '' 
 he does speak english ! 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i rushed to my feet . 
 `` max needs to eat . 
 he 's starving . '' 
 the chief stared at me for a long moment and i began to doubt that he did understand . 
 finally he opened his mouth ; one word escaped . 
 `` crocodilus . '' 
 i frowned . 
 crocodi - `` crocodile ? '' 
 he nodded once , as if passing a ruling . 
 `` crocodilus . 
 demon dog eat . '' 
 he waved dismissively toward the jungle . 
 a few tribesmen snickered but i ignored them , proud of my accomplishment . 
 max would n't starve now . 
 `` thank you ! 
 thank you ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 not thinking , i reached forward to shake his hand . 
 luckily the chief had lightning-quick reflexes . 
 in a split second , he had the blunt end of a spear jabbing into my shoulder to block me before i made contact with him . 
 flustered , i picked up the bowls of fruit and rushed back to the hut . 
 way to go , evangeline . 
 shake the hand of a poisonous man . 
 that would end your problems quickly . 
 max was waiting for me by the entrance . 
 `` did you hear ? '' 
 i exclaimed , grinning , as i placed the fruit down beside julian . 
 of course i heard , he muttered . 
 for a starving werebeast , he did n't sound too grateful . 
 `` well ... what are you waiting for ? 
 go catch a crocodile ! '' 
 did you also happen to notice the laughter that went with his permission ? 
 i frowned . 
 `` yeah ... so what ? '' 
 max sighed in exasperation . 
 crocs hide in the water so they 're harder to kill . 
 plus they taste like rubber tires and their blood , like ink . 
 i grimaced , his description about as unappetizing as the thought of eating mice and rats . 
 `` will they satisfy your craving ? '' 
 i suppose , max answered reluctantly . 
 `` well then , go ! 
 and i do n't want to see you back here until you 're full of rubber ! '' 
 and leave you here ? 
 are you nuts ? 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` because it 'd be better for me to go into the jungle with you-full of snakes and tarantulas and god knows what-to watch you wrestle crocodiles for dinner . 
 i 'm probably safer right here in this hut than anywhere else in the world right now . '' 
 max answered with a deep harrumph . 
 he knew i was right . 
 okay , but stay in here . 
 do n't get into any trouble . 
 `` do n't touch them and i 'm good , right ? '' 
 you almost blew that one with the chief a minute ago ... nearly gave me a heart attack . 
 okay , i 'll be back as soon as i can . 
 with that , he ran out the door with renewed vigor , likely from the prospect of hunting . 
 he trotted past a crowd of jeering tribesmen , letting out a few growls , but not stopping . 
 at the edge of the clearing , he turned to glance back at me . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i waved him on impatiently . 
 that 's all it took . 
 he tore off into the jungle . 
 intent on heading back into the hut to devour the bowl of berries-and julian 's , if he did n't wake up soon-i was a little disappointed when the chief summoned me to him with a wave . 
 do n't touch them and you 'll be fine , i reminded myself as i headed back to the fire . 
 once again , his men scattered as i approached . 
 `` sit , '' he ordered , pointing his spear behind me to a small tree stump two of the tribesmen rolled into place three feet away . 
 obediently , i perched myself on my makeshift chair . 
 he followed suit , settling down in his throne . 
 we sat in silence , staring at the fire , watching the men feed it from the opposite side . 
 it was now double the size as the previous night 's fire , and the heat it produced made the tropical temperatures that much more uncomfortable . 
 sweat poured down my forehead . 
 i briefly considered moving back , but i suspected that would insult the chief 's god of fire . 
 so i wiped my brow and sat quietly until i could n't anymore . 
 `` thank you for letting max hunt , '' i said . 
 he nodded , a tiny smirk on his mouth . 
 he understands me ... i wonder where he learned english ? 
 more awkward silence followed . 
 finally he said two words ; two i had n't expected . 
 `` cursed heart . '' 
 he pointed at my necklace . 
 reaching up to roll the pendant in my fingertips , i nodded . 
 `` did sofie tell you that ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i see . '' 
 frowning , i looked down at the opaque black heart , then back at him . 
 he sees ? 
 `` two souls trapped . 
 i see . 
 one is you . 
 one is green-eyed girl . 
 long brown hair . 
 curls . '' 
 that matched veronique 's description , based on the portrait in viggo 's parlor ... but how could he see it ? 
 he held his hands up , his fingers intertwined . 
 `` tangled . '' 
 i bobbed my head up and down . 
 `` yes . 
 kind of , i guess . 
 they 're bound together . '' 
 leaning forward , he rested his elbows on his knees and stared levelly at me . 
 `` i ... untangle ? '' 
 i felt my brow knit together . 
 `` what ... do you mean ? '' 
 he entwined his fingers as he had done before , then pulled them apart . 
 `` i untangle two souls . '' 
 i swallowed , sure he meant something different . 
 `` you mean ... so they 're not bound together ? '' 
 he nodded once . 
 blood rushed to my ears as excitement made my heart pound . 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he nodded again , adding casually , as if offering to wash my car . 
 `` i do now ? '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 i repeated like a dim-witted parrot . 
 `` sure . 
 yeah , i mean-yes , please ! 
 seriously ? '' 
 with a nod , a flick of his wrist , and a flurry of barked orders , he sent tribesmen dashing in different directions like a pack of gerbils . 
 they returned with long wooden poles and the same platform the chief had sat on the night before . 
 i watched in amazement as they positioned stands around the outside of the fire and erected all four posts in under a minute . 
 i guess he does his magic from up there . 
 the magic that would release me from my curse . 
 was this really happening ? 
 i looked down at the pendant . 
 this seemed too easy . 
 sofie had spent years looking for a way to break the curse , and this abomination with the feathered hat and hideous eyes figured he 'd just untangle the souls . 
 of course ! 
 so simple . 
 too simple . 
 could something go wrong ? 
 `` this wo n't hurt either of us , will it ? 
 will i be safe ? 
 will the other soul be safe ? '' 
 i suddenly asked . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was get veronique killed . 
 she did n't deserve that , and i was as good as dead if it happened . 
 with a disapproving frown and a dismissive wave , he promised with an air of certainty , `` both souls free . '' 
 i allowed the smallest sigh of relief . 
 free at last ... free of this curse . 
 free of my hunters . 
 free to be with caden , forever . 
 free to become ... not human . 
 i surrendered to the tidal wave of shock as it washed over me , the very idea too wild to be real . 
 i would do anything to be free . 
 anything at all . 
 the chief stood and marched over to the platform . 
 he thumped on it with his spear , then looked over his shoulder at me . 
 `` get on . '' 
 wait a minute ... alarm bells sounded . 
 i looked at the platform and at the posts , reaching at least fifteen feet into the air over the blazing fire , and then back at him , putting two and two together . 
 he expected me up on that platform , hanging over the raging fire . 
 `` umm ... '' i faltered , images of me tumbling into the flames suddenly coming to mind . 
 `` are you sure i should be the one going up there ? '' 
 `` to free your soul . 
 yes . '' 
 was it freedom through death ? 
 `` i wo n't ... burn , will i ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 so confident , so firm . 
 `` get on wood now . 
 you will be free . '' 
 free ... slowly rising from my stump , i took one step , then another , and another-sure that someone else 's legs were moving my body there , because i could n't feel anything from the waist down . 
 i finally reached the platform . 
 it was about two feet by three feet in size-not a tightrope , but not exactly huge . 
 gritting my teeth and giving the hut and the woods a quick look-i knew max and julian would never approve of this-i stepped onto the platform . 
 the entire tribe closed in . 
 even the tigers seemed to perk up . 
 everyone wanted to see the god of fire free me . 
 or burn me alive . 
 my stomach knotted . 
 `` i do n't know if this is a good - '' `` kneel ! '' 
 the chief ordered , the blunt end of his spear pushing down hard on my shoulder . 
 my legs buckled and i went down . 
 get out of here , evangeline ! 
 get off this board , now ! 
 my subconscious screamed inside my head , and yet it was somehow drowned out by a soft , subtle cooing : free ... free ... the woman who had worked on julian the night before appeared with a large jug . 
 she lifted the spout to my shoulder and tipped it . 
 clear , hot liquid streaked down my body , covering my arms and torso , running over my back and thighs until it coated my entire body , pooling behind my knees . 
 when her jug was empty , she stepped away . 
 the chief nodded . 
 the drummer began pounding his instrument in a steady , slow beat . 
 two groups of men flocked in with another set of long posts , these ones much thinner than the ones around the fire and with two-pronged ends . 
 i watched as they each hooked the ends into the little divots on either side of the platform . 
 `` do not move or you will fall , '' the chief warned , his words instantly stiffening my body until it felt as hard as the board on which i knelt . 
 moving in unison , the men lifted me . 
 i crouched , paralyzed by terror as i rose steadily toward the top of the four posts above the fire . 
 at one point i squeezed my eyes shut , sure i was about to pass out . 
 i kept them closed until a jostle indicated the men were placing the platform onto its four supports . 
 cracking one lid and then the other , i peeked out from this new vantage . 
 the top of this contraption was even higher than i had anticipated , i realized as i looked down upon the roofs of the little huts and the leaping flames below . 
 the rising heat just barely warmed my body , i was that high above it . 
 the heads of the death tribe swayed back and forth as they circled the huge , blazing fire . 
 there was no escape . 
 11 . 
 the race `` dear god , '' i whispered , looking down at the fiery carnage on the waves below . 
 pieces of what looked like a large cargo plane lay scattered on the ocean 's surface , the water extinguishing the flames as each piece sank . 
 we were about ten miles from the eastern shore of the island . 
 `` what are the odds ? '' 
 caden murmured as we flew over the mess in our tiny cessna , heading for the west side of the island where a long , sandy beach would serve as landing strip . 
 everywhere else was too densely forested . 
 `` those are n't odds , '' i growled . 
 `` that 's viggo . 
 he must have hijacked a fed ex plane . 
 it would have had enough fuel to get all the way here . '' 
 i shoved my hair off my forehead . 
 `` bloody idiot ! 
 like that wo n't attract attention . '' 
 `` do you think he 's made it to her yet ? '' 
 mage asked quietly . 
 the very suggestion set caden off . 
 `` land this plane now-into the trees , if you have to . 
 i do n't care , '' he ordered the pilot . 
 `` no , '' i countered , though i was ready to open the door and drop out of the night sky , just to get to her . 
 but we could n't crash . 
 `` we 'll need this plane to get evangeline out of here . 
 they ca n't be far ahead of us . 
 they wo n't just walk in there , it 's too risky . 
 they 'll approach with extreme caution . 
 that should buy us a bit of time . '' 
 we 're coming , evangeline . 
 12 . 
 visions the man in the tiger head pounded his drum with zeal , and my heart pounded along with him , amplifying the deafening beat . 
 hungry flames danced below me , taunting me , licking the posts that held the platform up but somehow not setting fire to them . 
 at fifteen feet in the air , my wood platform was high enough that it would not catch fire , but close enough that the scorching heat rising up from the growing fire was now borderline unbearable . 
 sweat poured down my face and body , mingling with the clear , unidentifiable liquid to leave a sticky film on me . 
 i was n't too concerned about that . 
 i was more terrified that any shift i made would rock this contraption and send me plummeting to my death . 
 the tribe 's chanting grew louder and angrier , culminating in a chorus of hair-raising screeches . 
 from my precarious vantage point , i watched the chief walk up to the flames carrying a basket . 
 one of his hands was gloved with that snakeskin material . 
 my curiosity piqued , i very slowly , very carefully , leaned over , just enough that i could see him pull out a dagger and swipe it across his palm . 
 blood gushed out of the gash . 
 i squinted . 
 that ca n't be right ... the liquid coming out was ... blue ! 
 he had blue blood ? 
 he held the dagger up against his mouth . 
 his lips moved in a chant . 
 then he tossed the blade into the flames . 
 his lips still moving , the chief leaned over and stuck his gloved hand into the basket . 
 when it emerged , it was with a jet-black snake coiled around it . 
 with a forceful swing , he threw the live snake into the fire . 
 it writhed in the flames for a few seconds before growing still , succumbing to the fire . 
 the tribe 's shrieking continued , some of the screeches so high that they rang in my ears , making me cringe . 
 then the cats joined in , their low roars balancing out the cacophony . 
 i peered beyond the glare of the fire to see the beasts pacing back and forth along the perimeter of the clearing , their tails twitching angrily . 
 but wait-their attention was directed outward , into the darkness , as if something was in the jungle beyond . 
 they watched , waited . 
 please do n't be max , i prayed . 
 if it was , he 'd be looking for the right moment to do some sort of impossible canine leap up here to pull me down , likely burning himself alive in the effort . 
 while i watched the tigers and worried about max , a blue glimmer filled the sky around me and an icy cold sensation kissed my chest . 
 i looked down to find the heart radiating with the same brilliant blue light as it had when i plugged it into the portal . 
 whatever the chief was doing was working . 
 beneath me , the flames rose , leaping closer and closer , tendrils reaching up to caress the edges of the platform . 
 the scorching heat i expected did n't come , but i cowered all the same , my arms hugging my body as if to protect it . 
 and then the flames reached me . 
 just as julian had been engulfed the night before , now the flames crawled up my skin , wrapping my limbs and torso in a fiery cocoon . 
 surprise dampened my terrified paralysis-i felt no pain . 
 the flames danced over my body without singeing a single hair or a single thread of my clothing . 
 allo ? 
 a woman 's voice suddenly called in my ear , distracting me from my fiery coat . 
 my head darted side to side as i looked for the source . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i answered tentatively . 
 allo ? 
 est-is temps ? 
 the woman said . 
 i recognized it as french and i could tell she was asking a question based on the inflection in her voice . 
 `` oui ! 
 enfin ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 my eyesight blurred as swirls of bright lights replaced the jungle and the tribe . 
 i blinked repeatedly , trying to focus on the world beyond . 
 finally the light spots disappeared and my eyes focused . 
 only it was as if i were underwater , my vision wavy , my hearing muffled . 
 i found myself in the atrium-a horribly mangled version of it ; the balconies now heaps of brick and stone , the gardens burned to the ground . 
 dozens of little fires smoldered all over the heaved cobblestones . 
 and the air ! 
 i did n't know if it was the heavy black smoke that hung overhead , blocking the view of the glass dome , or something else , but a foul stench curled my nostrils . 
 a group of women stared at me . 
 i did n't recognize any of them and by the shocked , unfriendly looks on their faces , they had no idea who i was , but they were n't particularly happy to see me . 
 discomfort washed over me under their gaze . 
 fumbling nervously at my side , my fingers grasped folds of soft material ; i looked down at a gauzy white dress covering my body . 
 chunks of white marble lay around my feet-the crumbled remains of the statue . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 a commanding voice shouted . 
 i glanced back up to see a middle-aged woman in black leather staring at me , flames dancing on each of her fingers . 
 a witch . 
 veronique , the voice said and i realized that it had come from my mouth . 
 but it was n't me ; i was n't veronique , i was evangeline . 
 where is sofie ? 
 the voice-veronique-asked tentatively , unsure of her english . 
 cold sweat broke out over my body . 
 my confusion grew-what had devastated the atrium , and how was this voice that was n't my voice speaking ? 
 one of the smoldering heaps on the ground caught my attention . 
 a hand . 
 the heaps were bodies . 
 oh god ... my wide eyes drifted over all the little flaming piles , too numerous to count , until one caught my attention . 
 it had n't fully burned , and the face was angled toward me , dead violet eyes staring in my direction . 
 fiona . 
 i screamed . 
 13 . 
 lying in wait the jungle seemed more dense than i remembered from my last trip here four years earlier , to negotiate the deal with the tribe . 
 it had n't been a pleasant exchange-not surprising . 
 they were deceptive , repulsive creatures , programmed by the fates to hate my kind , both witches and vampires . 
 even with some level of affinity to me for creating them , it did n't take long for the chief to threaten to touch me because he did n't like my `` vampire smell . '' 
 i was alone then . 
 now i was bringing four vampires with me . 
 as we ran through the jungle at breakneck speed , ferns and other foliage whipping our faces , i felt the telltale signs of the tribe 's proximity . 
 the magical purple helixes floating within my body began breaking apart and fizzling out . 
 soon there was not one thread i could grasp . 
 i felt naked without my magic . 
 i hated it . 
 `` we 're close ? '' 
 mage asked , discomfort tingeing her voice . 
 whatever sorceress 's magic she had must have vanished as well . 
 `` fire . 
 that way , '' caden called , nodding to the north , just as a whiff of burning deadwood hit me . 
 i instantly veered in that direction to lead the way , but mage grabbed my arm and pulled me back . 
 `` i 'll go first . 
 i 'm faster than you . '' 
 she was gone before i could respond , caden on her heels . 
 bishop , amelie , and i took off in pursuit , tearing soundlessly through the jungle . 
 in minutes we cleared the jungle undergrowth at the edge of the tribe 's village-a collection of simple huts . 
 they were guarded by a dozen tigers , already aware of our presence . 
 beyond them , the tribe circled a giant pyre , hands linked , chanting in that shrill , nails-on-chalkboard screech . 
 the sound of it , of their mysterious black magic , sent shivers down my spine . 
 my eyes immediately zeroed in on the fire-on the structure above it . 
 on the platform where a blonde girl knelt , her body engulfed in flames , surrounded by a brilliant blue light . 
 i heard her screams . 
 mage grabbed my arm a split second before i would have plowed through the line of tigers and lethal bodies to rescue evangeline . 
 her vise-like grip stalled me . 
 `` think , sofie , '' she warned . 
 `` you 'll certainly die if you go in there , and we do n't know what they 're doing yet . 
 she 's not burning . '' 
 but it was too late . 
 i 'd lost all ability to think when i spotted evangeline up there , screaming in terror , her slender , frail body enveloped in flames . 
 if i needed to breathe , i do n't think i was capable , anxiety so tightened my chest . 
 she was n't burning , as mage said . 
 but what were they doing to her ? 
 what would their magic do to her ? 
 my blood ran cold with the fear of that unknown , my brain concocting all kinds of horrible scenarios . 
 would she turn into one of them ? 
 `` let 's not run haphazardly into this , '' mage counseled . 
 `` viggo and mortimer do n't have her yet . '' 
 i nodded slowly , peering over to see bishop and amelie with their hands on caden 's shoulders , restraining him . 
 thank god bishop had buried his grief long enough to be of some use to us . 
 i felt mage 's grip on my arm loosen slightly , but not completely . 
 mercifully , evangeline had stopped screaming . 
 i looked back out at the horrific scene before us-and noticed the horde of tigers concentrating on another side of the jungle , guarding the spot as if someone lay hidden within . 
 i 'm sure someone did . 
 two someones . 
 viggo and mortimer were here . 
 14 . 
 freedom i barely noticed that the flames had disappeared from my body or that the furious drumbeat and the chanting had fallen silent , i was so overwhelmed by the terrifyingly realistic image of fiona 's dead eyes . 
 it was n't real . 
 it could n't be real . 
 the atrium was fine , veronique was in her statue until sofie released her , caden and my friends were safe . 
 but the fear still gripped me , even as the tribesmen hooked their pronged poles to the platform and brought me down from my perch . 
 in seconds i was at ground level beside the fire pit , still kneeling and unable to move . 
 the tribeswomen flocked forward to surround me . 
 one of them bent and reached toward me with her snakeskin-covered hands-toward my chest . 
 toward my pendant , still hanging around my neck . 
 i watched in a catatonic state as she cupped the pendant with both hands , then closed her fist over it . 
 and then yanked on the chain . 
 i heard the snap as the clasp broke . 
 my breath caught as i waited for the onslaught of agony that i 'd felt the last time the chain broke . 
 i was still waiting for it as the tribeswoman placed the pendant on my palm . 
 she gave it a gentle pat and stepped away . 
 i looked down at the once-deadly black heart nestled in my palm , now harmless . 
 tears slid down my cheeks . 
 the death tribe had freed me of my curse . 
 i was finally free . 
 my first instinct was to thank the chief . 
 too wobbly-legged to stand , i crawled off the planks . 
 somehow i managed to push to my feet , the pendant clutched tightly in my grasp . 
 i squinted through the dark , seeking the bright-feathered headdress . 
 there it was , about fifteen feet away . 
 but the chief 's attention was glued elsewhere-on the jungle . 
 his men had lined up on either side of him , spears at the ready . 
 there was no need to be so on edge with max ... so who was out there ? 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 i called hopefully , my voice trembling . 
 feline snarls and roars erupted , tribesmen shouted . 
 to my left , a tiger yelped in pain . 
 my head whipped in that direction in time for me to see a body flying out of the darkness into the tribal throng , stabbing at them with multiple spears and scattering them before landing two feet away from me . 
 rachel 's citrine snake eyes locked on me , glittering with hateful intentions . 
 15 . 
 kamikaze we watched in silence as they gently lowered the platform . 
 i tried to see evangeline 's face , but a crowd of women immediately swarmed in to surround her , blocking my view . 
 `` what are they doing to her ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` i do n't know , but it does n't look like they 're trying to hurt her , '' mage said . 
 `` besides , viggo ca n't get to her if they 're there , right ? '' 
 as usual , mage had assessed the situation clearly . 
 between the circle of tribeswomen around evangeline , the tigers , and the tribesmen armed and ready along the perimeter of the clearing , focused both on our end and the other , viggo would consider it too risky to come through yet . 
 he was insane , but not in the stupid , kamikaze way that was required to get to her . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 caden whispered . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'm going in . 
 they should be okay with me . 
 once i get to her , i can - '' i stopped abruptly as my ears caught evangeline calling my name . 
 a second later i spotted long , raven-black hair flying through the air from the opposite end of the clearing , its owner sailing over the tribesmen and tigers , flinging spears in every direction . 
 several tribesmen went down , and a tiger yelped , wounded . 
 rachel . 
 heading straight for evangeline . 
 and i could n't get to her in time . 
 16 . 
 rachel 's plan rachel did n't say a word . 
 she did n't smile . 
 she was on a mission . 
 grabbing me roughly , she spun , putting her back to the fire . 
 with her arm around my neck in a deadly headlock , i became her shield . 
 `` stay away or i snap her neck , you parasites ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 `` please ! '' 
 a new voice cried out . 
 unable to turn my head , i strained my eyes to the right . 
 a slender , red-haired woman stepped into the clearing and moved toward the crowd of angry tribesmen , her hands held up in surrender . 
 sofie ! 
 they parted enough to allow her past , closing in quickly behind her . 
 sofie 's mint-green eyes fell on me for the first time since the day she sent me from the atrium into my safe haven . 
 she had apologized to me then . 
 now i saw that same pleading , contrite look in her ghostly pale eyes . 
 `` stand down ! '' 
 she ordered , her voice confident . 
 she turned her attention to the chief . 
 `` let us come out from the shadows and no one else will get hurt . 
 otherwise , many more will die , i can promise you that . '' 
 let us come ? 
 my heart , pounding against my chest wall , skipped a beat . 
 who else was here ? 
 the chief , kneeling over the fatally wounded tiger , paused as if weighing his options . 
 then he barked an order . 
 every tiger dropped to its belly in submission . 
 the tribesmen followed suit , dropping to one knee . 
 satisfied , sofie sang out , `` come out , come out , wherever you are ! '' 
 who was it ? 
 from the jungle stepped two tall figures in custom suits . 
 viggo and mortimer . 
 even in the depths of a tropical forest , they had found me . 
 they approached slowly until they stood about thirty feet away from sofie and from rachel and me , the last point in a perfect triangle . 
 `` of course you 'd bring that lunatic with you ! '' 
 sofie scoffed , earning a growl from rachel that rumbled in my ear . 
 `` and are n't i glad that we did ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed , adding , `` my darling rachel , that maneuvering was fantastic ! 
 your battle skills are top-notch . '' 
 `` i was highly motivated , '' she purred , her grip on me tightening until i found it difficult to breathe . 
 `` hello , evangeline , '' mortimer called . 
 i had n't heard that booming voice in a month , and would gladly miss it for a thousand more . 
 but he did n't wait for my response , his attention quickly zoning in on my unadorned chest . 
 `` where 's the necklace ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 three sets of brilliant irises bored into me , sofie 's minty green ones wide with genuine surprise . 
 i swallowed , mustering as much courage as possible . 
 `` here , '' i answered in a quavering voice , holding up my arm . 
 i let the pendant drop so it dangled from its chain in front of me . 
 sofie 's eyes almost bugged out of her head . 
 `` i do n't want it . 
 you can - '' i did n't even finish offering it before a gust touched my cheek and the pendant disappeared from my grasp . 
 just like that . 
 `` i do n't believe it ! '' 
 viggo exclaimed , staring down at the pendant now in his clutches . 
 so quickly , so smoothly , i could n't even tell he had moved . 
 that was that . 
 they had what they needed from me . 
 was it enough to let me be ? 
 it did n't matter because now rachel had me , and it was n't the pendant she cared about . 
 `` let her go , rachel , '' sofie warned , her surprise quickly buried , her tone cutting . 
 `` i do n't think so ... come near me and i 'll snap her neck , you puke-eyed witch ! '' 
 rachel shrieked , grabbing a fistful of my hair , so violently that she ripped several strands out at the root . 
 `` tell him to come out . 
 only him , '' she hissed at sofie . 
 him ? 
 could it be ... my pounding heart stopped altogether . 
 the crowd parted . 
 a tall , lone figure stepped from the dark jungle , moving past the ring of tigers and tribesmen to glide toward me like a dream . 
 firelight caught the jade in his eyes . 
 caden . 
 suddenly it did n't matter that rachel 's claws dug into my flesh , ready to tear me to pieces . 
 what mattered was what was going on in caden 's mind . 
 the fears and doubts that i had buried deep to survive in my exile exploded to the surface . 
 had he changed his mind about me ? 
 had time and distance dulled his feelings ? 
 did he ever truly care ? 
 for these few seconds as he approached , my hope hung from the edge of a cliff , seconds from either falling or being pulled to safety . 
 i held my breath . 
 our eyes locked . 
 i saw caden 's eyes . 
 the stunning green eyes i remembered , the eyes i thought i had lost forever . 
 in that one look , every ounce of doubt , every moment of fear , every horrific memory washed away . 
 as if pulled by a magnet , my body yearned toward him , desperate to feel him close again . 
 rachel yanked me back . 
 `` no , no , little girl . 
 that 's far enough . '' 
 her grip around my neck tightened . 
 `` is there anything you want to say to your dear human ? '' 
 she called out to caden . 
 `` last chance . '' 
 she said it so airily , as if she were offering the last bite of a cookie before she took it for herself . 
 but she was n't offering a cookie . 
 she was promising death . 
 after all this , after all we had been through , after lifting the curse , rachel would end me . 
 `` we have bigger issues than petty revenge , rachel , '' sofie called out softly . 
 `` we 're on the brink of a war . '' 
 war ? 
 what did sofie mean ? 
 rachel 's fingers dug into my neck like tiny daggers . 
 `` there 's always time for revenge . '' 
 `` she 's suffered enough . '' 
 sofie 's tone was pleading , and her eyes brimmed with distress . 
 a vicious cackle in my ear tensed my shoulders . 
 `` she has n't even begun to suffer . '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i noticed caden shift his weight and flex his hands by his sides , as if ready to make a move . 
 unfortunately , so did rachel . 
 she pulled me even closer , until her body pressed up against my back , until we were like one . 
 `` any sudden moves and i 'll snap her neck like a twig . 
 you 'll never make it here fast enough to stop me , '' she warned . 
 her arm loosened its grip and her hand slid to my chin to pull my head back until my neck was exposed . 
 with her mouth grazing my ear , she whispered , `` you thought you could outsmart me ? 
 lie to me and get away with it ? 
 say good-bye , little human . '' 
 i swallowed , tears now streaming down my cheeks . 
 `` you 'll never get out of here alive if you kill her , '' caden warned . 
 `` you might have a chance if you do n't - '' rachel giggled softly . 
 `` who said i was going to kill her ? 
 but make one move toward us and i certainly will . '' 
 `` rachel , you wo n't - '' caden began . 
 she cut him off . 
 `` come on ! 
 you 've got front row seats to watch ! '' 
 oh god . 
 watch what ? 
 rachel ripping my teeth out , one by one ? 
 i felt faint , my legs weakening , but rachel gave my body a swift jerk up as she continued talking . 
 `` then you 'll see me leave with her . 
 if you do n't follow , you might see her again . 
 follow , and i 'll hand you her heart . 
 simple . '' 
 she had it all planned out . 
 she would do whatever she wanted to me-it no doubt involved torture in front of an audience-and then she 'd escape . 
 at that moment i dearly wished i would lose consciousness . 
 but of course , it was one of those few times that i would n't . 
 her fingertip caressed my neck . 
 `` why would i give her a quick death when i could drag it on for years ? '' 
 she drawled . 
 another surge of panic tore through me . 
 what did she mean ? 
 sharp pain rocketed through my body as rachel 's teeth clamped onto my neck , the ferocity of the pressure making me sure she 'd rip a chunk of flesh out . 
 i gave a strangled gasp as the pressure intensified , my eyes catching the panic on caden 's face . 
 sofie had dropped to her knees , her hands covering her mouth and nose , her green eyes wide with anxiety . 
 rachel was drawing on my blood so fiercely that my limbs grew heavy in mere seconds , my energy draining away . 
 was that her plan ? 
 to bleed me dry ? 
 that did n't make sense ... the pressure abated suddenly and a familiar burn began coursing through my limbs . 
 it brought disturbing memories back from that first attack on ratheus , when the blonde vampire had pumped venom into me . 
 rachel 's plan finally hit me . 
 i can drag it out for years , she had said . 
 she wanted to turn me so she could stalk and continuously torture me . 
 suddenly , the situation did n't seem so bleak . 
 the pendant was off , the curse gone , and if i could get away from rachel , i 'd have what i wanted-to be with caden forever . 
 sure , i 'd have to deal with an eternal game of cat-and-mouse , but i 'd have sofie and caden by my side to help fight her . 
 just like that , i was n't afraid anymore . 
 rachel was giving me what i wanted . 
 my mouth actually curved into a smile . 
 now , i welcomed the venom . 
 i craved it . 
 rachel 's fangs in my neck was n't pain . 
 it was bliss . 
 do n't worry , i tried to communicate as my eyes rolled lazily up to land on caden . 
 everything will be okay . 
 on the brink of unconsciousness from the massive loss of blood , i was only faintly aware when rachel retracted her fangs and released her grip on me , shoving me away from her as she let out a howl of agony . 
 my legs immediately buckled , too weak to hold me up . 
 i would have dropped to the ground , had it not been for strong arms swooping in to scoop me up . 
 i felt my body sail away from the heat of the fire . 
 rachel continued to scream , just as the blonde vampire had cried out before he was poisoned with his own venom , only rachel 's screech was ten times worse . 
 what was happening ? 
 unable to summon the strength to move my head , i let it roll to the side to see rachel . 
 she was on her hands and knees , her face contorted , hateful , glowing eyes fixed on me . 
 she opened her mouth to let out a skin-peeling scream just as mortimer appeared beside her . 
 grabbing her by the throat with his powerful hands , he lifted her and launched her backward into the center of the pyre . 
 her shrill scream abruptly stopped as the flames enveloped her body . 
 a hand slipped behind my head and lifted it up , ever so gently . 
 i found myself staring up at caden , his face a mixture of happiness and confusion . 
 no hideousness , no blood lust . 
 just the caden i knew . 
 my caden . 
 and then i lost consciousness . 
 when i came to , i was lying on a soft surface , staring up at a white ceiling , the sound of a loud engine humming in my ears . 
 `` it 's about time , '' a familiar male voice whispered in my ear . 
 i rolled my head toward it . 
 caden was lying beside me , his head propped on his arm , watching me intently . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 i croaked , and immediately began coughing , my throat parched . 
 `` she 's awake ! '' 
 a raspy voice called a second before a curly mop of hair appeared to hover upside down over my face . 
 `` here , sit up . '' 
 cool fingers slid behind my neck and helped me into a half-sitting , half-lying position . 
 i was on a bed , i could see now . 
 wrapping his arm behind my back , caden pulled me toward his muscular body . 
 sofie appeared with a tall glass of cloudy , urine-colored liquid in her hand . 
 those pale green eyes gazed down at me with a look i had n't seen in years-the look my mother used to give me as she tucked me in at night . 
 adoration . 
 my heart suddenly warmed , the urge to wrap my arms around her neck overpowering . 
 `` apple juice . 
 drink , '' she murmured in that gorgeous french accent i adored so , handing me the glass and smoothing my hair back off my forehead as she sat down beside me . 
 i took a big mouthful while my eyes roamed the room . 
 it was tiny , containing nothing but overhead compartments and a double bed . 
 textured silver and white wall paper covered the walls . 
 wait ... i 'd seen this wallpaper before . 
 we were on viggo 's jet . 
 `` how did we get here ? '' 
 i asked between gulps . 
 `` not easily . 
 you 've been unconscious since last night , '' sofie explained , adding with a grimace , `` we had to leave the island rather quickly . 
 rachel 's stunt burned some bridges for me . '' 
 memories of rachel flooded back then . 
 my hand flew to my neck to feel the bandages . 
 `` it should heal nicely with time , '' sofie offered with a sad smile . 
 rachel 's venom ... i frowned in confusion . 
 `` but rachel turned me , did n't she ? 
 i should n't need to be healed . 
 when will the transformation start ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't feel any different , but i had no clue how this whole process worked . 
 caden leaned forward , laying a soft kiss on my cheek . 
 `` drink up , '' he said . 
 `` we need you strong . '' 
 i obeyed the order , my eyes unable to leave his face , my fingers reaching up to trace his slender nose and soft lips . 
 was this even real ? 
 he leaned forward to press his mouth against my fingers , closing his eyes and inhaling . 
 worry flickered through me as i remembered the last time he had caught my scent , but it quickly vanished as his eyes opened again , the beautiful jade eyes that i could lose myself in . 
 `` how did you learn to control it ? '' 
 i asked , tears welling in my eyes . 
 tears of delight , of relief . 
 caden guiltily averted his eyes . 
 `` by drinking a lot of blood . 
 a lot . '' 
 i grabbed his chin and forced his face back to me . 
 `` good . '' 
 i smiled , trying to tell him it was okay . 
 he leaned in to press his forehead against mine . 
 `` thank you for understanding , '' he whispered . 
 i leave you alone for an hour and this is what happens , max 's voice grumbled in my head . 
 `` max ! 
 they found you ! '' 
 i exclaimed , struggling to turn around . 
 tell curly locks to move it ! 
 max muscled his way in , earning a grunt of protest from amelie . 
 ignoring her , he affectionately nuzzled against my cheek . 
 `` how was the rubber ? '' 
 i teased , smiling . 
 rubbery ... . 
 you broke your promise . 
 you were supposed to keep out of trouble . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry , max . 
 the chief told me he could undo the curse if i got on the platform , so i did and - '' `` you agreed to go up on that pyre ? '' 
 sofie suddenly trilled . 
 `` dear god , evangeline ! 
 and here i thought they forced you onto it ... have you learned nothing about reserving a shred of doubt ? '' 
 she scolded , running her hand through her hair , shifting it into a wild mane . 
 she sounded like ... a mother . 
 `` he said he could get the pendant off ! 
 what else should i have done ? '' 
 i answered defensively . 
 `` you should have waited for me to figure it out ! '' 
 sofie threw back . 
 `` well , given viggo and mortimer showed up before you , i 'd be dead if i 'd done that . 
 now , at least i 'm free . 
 viggo and mortimer can have veronique and i can have , '' i paused to gaze over at caden , `` what i want , forever . '' 
 he hesitated just a second then , ever so slowly , leaned down to kiss my forehead . 
 `` you always had me , forever ... pendant or not . '' 
 but sofie did n't let it go . 
 `` you should n't have done it , evangeline . '' 
 i could n't miss the grave disappointment in her voice . 
 `` what 's the big deal ? 
 it worked ! 
 see ? '' 
 i gestured to my chest . 
 `` it 's off ! '' 
 `` oh , evangeline , '' sofie moaned , rubbing her face with her hands . 
 `` there 's something you do n't understand about that tribe . 
 i should have warned you not to let them touch you with their magic , but i did n't expect this . 
 why did n't i expect this ! '' 
 she admonished herself . 
 i swallowed , a sick feeling rising in my stomach . 
 `` but they got the pendant off ... '' `` yes , they did , '' she conceded softly . 
 `` because their magic counters mine . 
 it undoes what i 've done . '' 
 `` you knew they could do that ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i guessed it , anyway . 
 but it 's not that simple . 
 if it was , i would have taken you to them years ago ! '' 
 as sofie spoke , caden 's grasp tightened around me , as if protecting me from the news she was delivering . 
 `` i did n't know this would happen , but after i saw how rachel reacted , it made total sense that this is how it would work . '' 
 i had no idea what sofie was trying to say . 
 she must have seen it in my eyes , because she paused before saying , `` you 're full of this tribe 's magic now , magic that opposes vampires and witches . 
 it wo n't let you be turned . '' 
 i heard her words and yet they did n't make sense . 
 not turned ? 
 wo n't let me ? 
 so rachel 's venom did n't work , after all ... `` well , when can i be turned , then ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 never , maybe . '' 
 the room started to spin . 
 `` i ca n't even heal you ! 
 it 's like there 's some sort of antibody for anything done by vampires and witches , coursing through your veins . 
 i had no idea you 'd do something so foolish ... if i had , i would have warned max . '' 
 she paused to reach forward and squeeze my leg with one delicate hand . 
 `` but we 're lucky it played out as it did . 
 if caden had tried to turn you - '' i gasped , my eyes widening as i finished her sentence in my head : caden would have died . 
 i instinctively tightened my grip on him , needing to feel him next to me , to be sure he was alive . 
 a fresh batch of tears welled in my eyes . 
 `` come on , '' amelie murmured , taking sofie by the hand and smacking max on the rump . 
 `` it 's getting crowded in here . '' 
 sofie 's eyes flitted to caden and a silent exchange passed between them , one i could n't read . 
 the others quietly left , shutting the door behind them , leaving me alone with caden . 
 he pulled my head to his chest and wrapped his arms around me , running his fingers through my hair until my sobs lessened and my tears dried up . 
 `` here , you should lie down . 
 you lost a lot of blood . '' 
 he lowered me down to the bed and pulled a navy blue wool blanket up to cover my body . 
 i was still dressed in the revealing tribal garment . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hollow , as i gazed up at him . 
 sadness passed across his face but he said nothing , his eyes roaming my face , his fingertips grazing my cheek , running along my lips , as if he could n't keep his hands off me . 
 and why should he ? 
 i was finally with caden again , i realized . 
 as if possessed by some crazed , hormonal person , i suddenly could n't control myself . 
 my hands flew behind his head and yanked him down to me with surprising force . 
 i pressed my lips up against his as tears began streaming down my cheeks again , the sound of an invisible clock ticking away in my head . 
 i was already running out of time . 
 eventually , caden reached up to gently untangle my hands from his hair . 
 he broke away from my kiss and lay down beside me , chuckling . 
 `` slow down . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 i curled up against his chest . 
 `` no , but i will ... soon . '' 
 i was n't sure which was worse-wearing the pendant or not . 
 either way , i had no control of my life . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 caden kissed the top of my head and wiped the tears away from my cheek . 
 `` no , sofie will figure it out . 
 she 's smart like that . '' 
 he sounded so confident . 
 `` nothing is impossible , remember ? 
 you taught me that . '' 
 i stretched my arm out to drape it over his side , reveling in the feel of him . 
 i had caden . 
 for how long , i did n't know , but he was here , with me , something i 'd feared would never happen . 
 i needed to be happy with what i had . 
 `` at least rachel is gone , '' i said half-heartedly , trying to sound optimistic . 
 `` and ursula . 
 and viggo has no more use for me . 
 so life can kind of get back to normal . 
 we 're mega-rich . 
 we can go buy a nice condo with amelie , bishop , and fiona and leave all this behind . 
 until i get too old and wrinkly for you , anyway , '' i added bitterly . 
 `` evangeline , '' caden whispered , his voice cracking . 
 i slid away from his chest to look up at his face . 
 raw pain stared back . 
 `` fiona 's gone . '' 
 i flinched as if he had slapped me . 
 `` what do you mean ... '' a vision flashed in my mind-of a destroyed atrium , strange witches , and fiona 's dead violet eyes staring up at me . 
 i sat up . 
 `` it was real ? '' 
 `` what was real ? '' 
 `` i ... i saw it , '' i stammered . 
 `` i saw fiona in the atrium ! '' 
 caden was shaking his head . 
 `` wait a minute ; you 're not making sense . 
 how could you see her ? '' 
 `` i saw the witches and the atrium , and burned bodies , and - '' `` what ? '' 
 caden looked at me as if i 'd grown a third eye on my forehead . 
 i barely heard him ; i kept babbling on about the weird atrium nightmare i had while on the platform . 
 `` and that voice-veronique 's voice-and the statue ... '' i gasped aloud , groping forward for caden 's arm as realization dawned on me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 caden was growing impatient ; he grabbed my chin and pulled my face to look straight at his . 
 `` tell me . 
 you 're scaring me ! '' 
 `` i think veronique 's free , '' i whispered . 
 it had been real . 
 when the chief reversed sofie 's magic , he must have also reversed the tomb spell and somehow , because of my link to her soul , i saw it firsthand . 
 she would be free , he 'd promised . 
 that did n't just mean her soul . 
 it meant her physical body . 
 caden 's eyes widened , then darted to the closed door . 
 he lifted his finger to his mouth to indicate that i needed to be quiet . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 by the time i finished quietly describing the vision , caden was squeezing the bridge of his nose . 
 `` this is bad . 
 this is so very bad . '' 
 `` who were those witches , caden ? 
 what happened over there ? '' 
 caden put his arm around me and squeezed me close to him , whispering in my ear , `` do n't mention anything about veronique to anyone just yet . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because , it 'll set off viggo and mortimer . '' 
 viggo and mortimer ... were n't they long gone ? 
 how would they find out ? 
 caden gave me a strange look . 
 `` come on . 
 you may as well see for yourself . '' 
 he scooped me up in his arms and pulled me off the bed , blanket and all . 
 i reveled in the feel of his body as he carried me through the narrow hallway into the main cabin . 
 the joy did n't last long . 
 my blood instantly turned to ice as my eyes landed on the two well-dressed vampires sitting across from sofie in the main cabin . 
 viggo and mortimer . 
 a wooden box , which i presumed held veronique 's pendant , sat between them . 
 of course they were here . 
 they were n't out of my life yet . 
 mortimer 's dark orbs zoned in on me just as the memory of him tossing rachel into the fire hit me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 i could have been asking anything . 
 but mortimer knew immediately what i meant . 
 `` i figured i owed you that much , '' was all he said , that same vacant stare giving me nothing to read , yet every answer i needed . 
 killing rachel was his peace offering . 
 `` she was quite annoying , was n't she ? '' 
 viggo piped in , rolling his eyes dramatically . 
 my attention shifted to sofie , my eyes asking , is this an act ? 
 viggo answered for her . 
 `` we all got what we wanted . 
 you have nothing more to worry about from us . 
 we have no more use for you . '' 
 he added , as an afterthought , `` except maybe that hundred million you swindled from us . '' 
 `` she earned it ! 
 leave it be ! '' 
 mortimer boomed , turning to level a warning glare at his adversary . 
 what had happened between these two ? 
 `` she certainly has , '' a new voice said . 
 it belonged to a tiny asian-looking woman who strolled into the cabin , smiling at me . 
 my jaw dropped as she handed sofie a bag of blood and tossed another to max before sitting down beside sofie . 
 max did n't seem at all concerned ; he caught the bag with his teeth and hunkered down to suck on it . 
 sofie thanked her with a wink , earning a wide-eyed stare from me . 
 what were they ... friends ? 
 what had happened over the last month ? 
 amelie 's giggle pulled my attention to the opposite side of the cabin , where she sat cradling julian 's head in her lap , smiling slyly down at him . 
 julian was still visibly pale and weak from his injury , but he gazed up at her with a goofy grin , so utterly and obviously enamored with her that it was almost comical . 
 `` how long was i unconscious for ? '' 
 i asked absently , frowning as i took in this development . 
 `` long enough for amelie to sink her hooks into him , '' caden answered . 
 that would n't take long . 
 of course julian would fall head over heels with amelie instantly . 
 who would n't ? 
 they would make a cute couple , i decided . 
 except for the fact that he belonged to a cult that wanted to eradicate every last vampire , and she 'd probably kill him the second she found out . 
 small detail . 
 `` are you okay with them being together ? '' 
 caden asked quietly . 
 i turned to see a strange look in his eyes . 
 fear ? 
 what was it ? 
 i had never seen it before . 
 he must be sensing my anxiety over julian 's secret identity . 
 i needed to hide it better , or i 'd get julian killed and that would n't help matters . 
 soon enough , though , amelie would find out , i was sure . 
 all she had to do was see the tattoo . 
 and then what would happen ... she 'd be crushed . 
 i forced a smile , pushing the thought from my mind , and squeezed caden tightly . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 `` hey , little human , '' a hollow-sounding bishop called out . 
 i turned to find him sitting by himself in a dark corner of the plane , the playful smirk i treasured replaced with a cold , lost stare . 
 there was an empty seat beside him , one that fiona should be sitting in . 
 bishop without fiona was like ... the world without the sun . 
 `` can you put me down ? '' 
 i asked caden . 
 he did as asked . 
 giving his hand a squeeze , i walked over to sit down beside the heartbroken vampire . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , bishop , '' i whispered hesitantly , a giant knot forming in my throat . 
 bishop 's jaw tensed . 
 he gave me a nod and reached out to squeeze my hand . 
 then he turned to look out the window , his eyes closing-shutting me and the rest of the world out . 
 the old bishop was gone . 
 probably forever . 
 with a sick , hollow ache blossoming in my chest , i quietly stood and walked back over to wrap my arms around caden , tears welling in my eyes . 
 i fought them this time . 
 there was no time for tears right now . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 caden sighed . 
 `` sofie ? 
 where do you want to begin ? '' 
 sofie gestured at two empty chairs beside her . 
 clinging to caden , with a wary eye on viggo and mage , i walked over with him to sit down . 
 for the next hour , sofie and mage-her new `` bff , '' it seemed - told the entire story , from the moment sofie shipped me off to the mountains to finding a badly-mangled max in the swamp next to a pile of half-eaten crocodiles . 
 i caught myself glancing over at julian whenever the sentinel was mentioned , and each time , i met caden 's frown . 
 be careful , evangeline . 
 you 're going to give julian 's secret away . 
 by the time sofie finished , i was sure all the color had drained from my face . 
 i had to swallow a few times to keep the bile from rising to my mouth as the nausea kicked in . 
 `` ratheus is earth ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 caden pulled me close to him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , eve . 
 i did n't know . 
 i swear it . '' 
 i reached for his hand and pulled it to my cheek , closing my eyes to revel in his touch for a long moment while i thought . 
 right now , right at this very moment , sofie 's sister was out of her statue and vulnerable to a horde of crazy witches and the sentinel . 
 she could be dead already . 
 if viggo or mortimer found out-i looked up to see cold blue eyes dissecting me . 
 he 's trying to read me ! 
 he would n't be able to read anything definitive through my sheer terror right now , thank god-those two would do whatever it took to get her out , even if it meant blowing up a square block of manhattan . 
 to be honest , i was n't sure if sofie would act more rationally . 
 and how long would it take before she figured out that the tribe 's magic had reversed the tomb spell ? 
 caden was right . 
 i had to keep this to myself . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? 
 are we going back to new york ? '' 
 i asked vaguely . 
 sofie shook her head . 
 `` veronique is safe while she 's in that statue . 
 they 've kept the attack under wraps , but if we go back there now ... who knows what kind of spectacle they 'll make . '' 
 i averted my gaze to my hands and bit my bottom lip , distressed by the knowledge that i was betraying sofie by not telling her what i knew . 
 i now had two volatile secrets to keep . 
 suddenly the fact that the death tribe 's magic coursed through my veins , preventing me from getting what i desperately wanted , seemed trivial . 
 a repeat of ratheus was coming . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 i whispered , unable to keep the distress from my voice . 
 sofie 's answer was calm and clear . 
 `` simple . 
 we change fate . '' 
