 prologue `` trust me , '' sofie whispered , her delicate hands sliding up nathan 's chest to slip behind his neck . 
 `` and if you 're wrong ... ? '' 
 nathan began but , unable to finish the sentence , his voice trailed off . 
 `` i 'm not wrong ! '' 
 she snapped . 
 he pulled away and moved to stand before a nearby window , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` let me prove it to you . '' 
 she glided over to his side , and lifted a finger to push a stray lock of chestnut brown hair off his forehead . 
 but nathan ignored the affectionate gesture , focused now on the bustling nightlife beyond the walls of his chateau . 
 rarely did he envy humans . 
 tonight , though , as he watched horse-drawn carriages roll along paris 's cobblestone streets , carrying passengers on their way home from frivolous celebrations and too much wine , his jaw tightened with jealousy . 
 why could n't his problems be so trivial ? 
 he saw a man stumble out of a tavern and fall to the ground in a drunken heap , directly in the path of two draft horses , and his eyes widened . 
 the idea of witnessing a man trampled to death lifted his spirits . 
 that human 's problem would rival his own ... he gripped the window frame in anticipation , watching the beasts ' mammoth hooves trotting toward the man 's limp body , seconds away from squashing his head as if it were a ripe melon . 
 at the last moment , two men grabbed the drunk by the heels and dragged him to safety . 
 the horses continued on , undisturbed . 
 damn those good samaritans . 
 nathan scanned the streets for another person in a predicament worse than his own , knowing the chances were slim . 
 his attention landed on a young couple in the midst of a lovers ' quarrel , one that quickly escalated from shrieks and hand gestures to a swift knee to the man 's groin . 
 the growing crowd of spectators around the couple erupted in laughter as the young man crumpled to the ground , writhing in pain . 
 despite the situation , nathan chuckled , aware that his redheaded spitfire may react in the same fashion momentarily . 
 sighing heavily , nathan dropped his eyes to the oak tree beneath his window , its leaves a rich golden hue with the change of season . 
 it was to be sofie 's burial spot . 
 that day could n't be today , though . 
 he was n't ready . 
 nathan shook his head . 
 `` no ... i can not bear the risk . '' 
 sofie did n't respond immediately . 
 when she did , it was with the sharpness of a well-honed blade . 
 `` fine . '' 
 the silk layers of her evening gown rustled noisily as she stalked toward the door . 
 before she reached it , nathan was across the room , his hand barring her exit . 
 `` please do n't ask it of anyone else , '' he pleaded . 
 he knew the request was useless , though . 
 she stared back at him , her olive green eyes blazing in defiance , her intentions clear . 
 she would find someone-someone who did n't care whether she survived . 
 he could n't allow that . 
 another heavy sigh , this one in surrender . 
 `` you 're impossible , woman , '' he whispered , shutting his eyes . 
 there was no hint of anger in his tone . 
 sofie 's throaty laughter filled the room . 
 victorious , she stretched up to lay an intense kiss on his lips . 
 a farewell kiss , if this failed ... taking her hands in his , he pulled her to the center of the room where the kerosene lamp burned , the only source of light in the spacious master bedroom . 
 `` no , '' she protested , scowling , as he reached for it . 
 `` i 'm not compromising on this , '' he answered firmly . 
 after a second of deliberation , sofie nodded , relenting-knowing better than to press him further , knowing she had won the war . 
 she lifted her hands to pull her loose hair up off her neck . 
 nathan shut his eyes , mentally preparing himself . 
 he trusted her abilities . 
 if anyone could solve this problem , it was his sofie . 
 but if she was wrong ... he opened his eyes to see sofie 's dazzling , confident smile . 
 how he would do anything to see that smile for eternity ! 
 in one fluid motion he extinguished the lamp , plunging the room into darkness . 
 sofie 's chest heaved as she inhaled deeply , trying to regulate her pounding heart . 
 she had worked tirelessly for this moment , to allow for this possibility-pushing her mind to the brink of sanity , drawing on her skill until she 'd drained every ounce of energy . 
 it was finally happening . 
 or was it ? 
 anticipation turned to panic as the seconds stretched to minutes with no signals from nathan . 
 she stood in silence , her eyes searching the darkness in vain , fighting against the urge to speak out , to plead with him . 
 what if he had changed his mind ? 
 what if he had left the room ? 
 what if - pain . 
 all concern vanished . 
 sofie regained consciousness on the bedroom floor . 
 the room was still absolutely dark , yet her eyes darted wildly around , taking in every picture , every fabric pattern , every crack in the ceiling as if sun streamed through the windows . 
 exhilaration flooded through her . 
 with only a thought , she was on her feet and standing in front of a mirror . 
 she gasped at the reflection . 
 the eyes staring back were no longer her lackluster olive but a mystical pale mint . 
 her hand flew to her neck . 
 no puncture marks . 
 not even a scratch . 
 the only evidence was some dried blood on skin that was now creamy and pale . 
 a slow sigh escaped her lips as the crushing fear of failure lifted from her chest . 
 it had worked . 
 she began giggling . 
 `` what in god 's name are you so happy about ? '' 
 a voice boomed . 
 her head whipped around . 
 mortimer stood in the doorway , a look of sheer horror splayed across his face . 
 `` do you realize what you 've done ? '' 
 he yelled , slamming his fist against the solid wood door . 
 splinters flew from the blow . 
 sofie twisted her mouth in annoyance . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 it worked ! '' 
 `` you call that success ? '' 
 he gestured to sofie 's left , his eyebrows raised mockingly . 
 she turned curious eyes to follow his hand . 
 her stomach dropped when she saw the body lying motionless beside the bed . 
 `` nathan ! '' 
 she flew across the room with inhuman speed , dropping to her knees to clutch nathan 's beautiful face , needing to see his rich chocolate-brown eyes gazing adoringly at her . 
 she released a sharp gasp when she saw the vacuous gray of death staring back at her . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she whispered , tears welling in her eyes . 
 `` you have no idea what you 've done to us , '' mortimer answered through gritted teeth . 
 it was obvious that nathan 's death was the least of his concerns . 
 1 . 
 sofie `` see you tomorrow , betty , '' i called out to the shelter 's evening receptionist as i passed the front desk . 
 the plump , middle-aged woman responded with a gentle smile and a quick nod before turning her attention back to the homeless man standing beside her . 
 i held out my hand as i stepped onto the dimly lit sidewalk , testing for rain , expecting it . 
 a relentless , bone-chilling drizzle had laid siege to portland for the month of september-the kind of gloomy , wet weather that made a person dream of hibernating under a heavy blanket until spring . 
 to my pleased surprise , my hand encountered not a drop-no rain yet , anyway . 
 i tucked my umbrella under my arm and began walking toward congress street , a nightly ritual after finishing my volunteer shift at the shelter . 
 there was something therapeutic about wandering through the city 's art district , admiring the hopes and dreams of local artists on display . 
 more importantly , it dragged out the inevitable trip home before curfew . 
 i was never in a rush to get back to my foster home . 
 half a block up , i found a scruffy old man lying across the sidewalk ahead of me . 
 `` evening , eddie ! '' 
 i called , smiling gently . 
 eddie split his time between the shelter and a nearby alley . 
 `` i 'll bet betty can find you a nice , warm bed tonight . '' 
 eddie clambered to his knees with surprising agility and , seizing the corners of my navy raincoat with his grimy hands , began a recital of complete gibberish , his fervor increasing exponentially as he rambled on . 
 `` oh , chocolate pools flatter my wretchedness . 
 yours is the face of an angel , complete with heaven 's cream and a halo of spun gold . 
 you are a goddess ! '' 
 there were random moments of lucidity with eddie , days where we could chat normally about trivialities like the weather and local politics . 
 other days i found him perched on a makeshift pedestal , ranting about giant beasts lurking in the shadows . 
 then there were days-like today , as he made my dull brown eyes , pallid complexion , and blonde hair sound like gifts from the gods-when he was a whole new kind of crazy . 
 `` no , eddie . 
 i 'm not your goddess , but thanks ... i 'm flattered . '' 
 i gently patted his hand . 
 three drops of water landed in quick succession on my nose , then the rain began to fall . 
 drat . 
 `` do you need an umbrella ? '' 
 i eyed the roof of eddie 's home in the alleyway behind him-a cardboard box cleverly shielded by the four umbrellas i had provided for him over the last two weeks . 
 eddie responded with his familiar vacant stare , placid eyes indicating he was now there only in physical form . 
 reaching down , i gently tugged at his arm . 
 his body resisted , as unyielding as a concrete statue . 
 i knew it was hopeless . 
 `` oh , eddie , '' i sighed . 
 `` you 're going to catch pneumonia if you stay out here . '' 
 i popped open my own umbrella and wrapped its handle within his hands , hoping it would keep him dry until his mind returned and moved his body indoors . 
 wrapping my arms tightly around my chest , i set off at a brisk walk . 
 i could handle a little rain . 
 as if mother nature were privy to my thoughts , the sky suddenly opened up and the light drizzle evolved into a monsoon , pouring buckets of water onto my head . 
 i began running blindly , seeking shelter . 
 guilt welled in the pit of my stomach as i ran , picturing eddie sitting on the sidewalk with one measly little umbrella to protect him . 
 i should go check on him . 
 maybe the cold rain snapped him out of his daze , and i can convince him to stay at the shelter tonight . 
 yes , that 's the right thing to do . 
 it 's only a few blocks back , if i turn around now - my shin collided with something solid . 
 i stumbled , executing an awkward cartwheel before crashing facedown in a puddle on the concrete sidewalk . 
 how long i lay in heap on the sidewalk , disoriented , faintly aware of rain permeating my clothes through to my skin , i could n't say . 
 i regained my senses when i could n't hear drops pelting the sidewalk anymore . 
 crawling to my knees , i wiped the mucky water off my cheek and checked for blood . 
 none . 
 no scrapes or cuts . 
 my shin did n't appear to be broken or even hurting , though it should by all accounts be shattered . 
 maybe i 'd earned a bruise at least . 
 otherwise , miraculously , i was fine . 
 the victim of my inattentiveness was not so lucky . 
 i groaned , my hands flying to my forehead in dismay as i appraised what looked to have been a lovely and expensive stained-glass object , now scattered in dozens of pieces . 
 i leaned over to begin collecting the shards . 
 `` you 'll cut yourself , '' a woman 's silky voice called in a french accent . 
 i looked up . 
 a stunning redhead stood in a doorway , regarding me with eyes that were the most peculiar shade of pale mint green-so pale , they appeared inhuman . 
 she has a good point , i realized as i regarded the jagged piece of glass in my hand . 
 `` but i ca n't just leave it here . 
 someone may hurt themselves on it . '' 
 `` and what do you plan on doing with all the pieces ? '' 
 she asked , lifting a brow in query . 
 `` i do n't know ... glue them back together ? '' 
 i said with the certainty of a gas station attendant asked to perform solo brain surgery . 
 the woman smirked . 
 `` i bought that lantern in france . 
 it 's one of a kind and it certainly ca n't be glued back together , '' she informed me , her tone cool , yet serene . 
 oh no . 
 this was hers . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 there was so much rain ! 
 i was distracted and i just ... hit it . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'll pay you for it . '' 
 `` you have ten thousand dollars ? '' 
 those haunting eyes gazed down at my rain-soaked department store clothes with amusement . 
 i felt the blood drain from my face . 
 `` no , but - '' the ground swayed , and i tasted bitter bile forming in the back of my throat . 
 i did n't have ten thousand dollars . 
 i had exactly forty-seven dollars in my bank account and no job . 
 she regarded me silently , her expression unreadable . 
 finally she spoke . 
 `` i 'm sofie . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 i hesitated , swallowing . 
 `` evangeline . '' 
 `` evangeline ... '' my name sounded so elegant , rolling off her tongue . 
 `` please , come in and warm up with something hot . 
 on the house , of course . 
 i insist . '' 
 she reached out with a delicate-looking hand to help me to my feet . 
 `` leave all of this . 
 i 'll clean it up later . '' 
 confused by her kindness , i accepted , following her like a disoriented puppy . 
 a soft buzz of conversation and jazz music enveloped me as i stepped into the warm cafe . 
 a stone fireplace was the source of that heat , a blaze of fierce orange flames dancing on its hearth . 
 `` welcome to newt 's brew , '' sofie said as she led me past sharply-dressed patrons lounging in upholstered chairs of varying style and pattern as they sipped lazily from colorful mugs . 
 `` here , sit . '' 
 she pointed to a stool by the counter . 
 `` hot chocolate ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i also offer lattes , cappuccinos , espresso , herbal teas-anything at all , if you would prefer something else . 
 and of course , the most supremely delectable pastries , '' she added , noticing my eyes bulge as i observed the array of sweets in the display case behind the counter . 
 `` hot chocolate would be wonderful , thanks , '' i said , curiosity pulling my eyes away to scan the place-all dark hardwoods , rich fabrics , and ornate moldings . 
 sofie went behind the counter and tossed me a large towel . 
 `` you look like a drowned cat . '' 
 her accent made the statement sound exotic . 
 i glimpsed my reflection in a mirror on the wall behind her , and had to agree . 
 i spent the next few minutes quietly drying my long hair , wishing i could strip out of my wet clothes and curl up by the fire . 
 `` follow me , please , '' sofie said , heading over to the fireplace . 
 `` would you mind ? '' 
 she asked the couple sitting in the seats directly in front of it , as she gestured at me . 
 `` oh no , that 's okay ! '' 
 i quickly countered , embarrassed , but the couple was already up and on their way out the door , all smiles . 
 sofie motioned to one of the chairs . 
 `` you really did n't need to do that , '' i said , guilt creasing my forehead . 
 she waved my protests away , her other hand pointing insistently toward the chair . 
 accepting with a sheepish smile , i sank into the chair , my wet jeans clinging uncomfortably , then closed my eyes as my body absorbed the heat . 
 moments later i heard something being set on the table beside me and opened my eyes . 
 a mug of hot chocolate mounded high with whipped cream sat there ; sofie had settled in the seat across from me . 
 i stared at her in awe . 
 no one , aside from my own mother , had ever shown a quarter of the compassion that this stunning woman was doling out so freely and unwarranted to a girl who had just broken one of her valuable possessions . 
 `` so , how do you propose to pay me back for my lantern ? '' 
 her words yanked me back to reality . 
 my gaze dropped to floor , and that pungent bile crept up to touch my taste buds again . 
 the simple act of breathing became difficult . 
 great question . 
 how was i going to come up with ten thousand dollars ? 
 though i 'd tried hard to find a job in the last four months , the rejections were always the same : experience needed . 
 and i was fresh from high school graduation-no experience here . 
 the silence dragged on as i studied the flames . 
 finally i braved sofie 's gaze again . 
 she was leaning back in her chair with the poise and style of a super model , her fitted black dress accentuating her curves and highlighting her creamy pale skin . 
 she spoke before i could . 
 `` you know , many people would say that it 's my fault for putting something so expensive out on the sidewalk . 
 it was bound to get broken , '' she offered , still with no emotion . 
 my mouth opened to respond but no words came out . 
 that thought had n't crossed my mind . 
 the excuse would certainly get me off the hook , but i knew my conscience would never accept it , instead pricking me endlessly like a sliver in my clothes . 
 `` no . 
 you 're nice , offering me an excuse , but i broke it and i should pay for it ... somehow . '' 
 an oppressive weight settled on my chest and i sent my eyes to roam the room again . 
 the tables were covered with dirty mugs waiting to be picked up and i could see that the wet floor was in desperate need of a mop . 
 it dawned on me-i had n't seen anyone serving customers . 
 `` i could work here ? '' 
 i blurted without thinking . 
 a vivid image of me in my sketchers and faded jeans , tripping over a chair leg and scalding a customer with a tray of hot drinks , popped into my mind . 
 i quickly amended my suggestion . 
 `` i could wash dishes , clear tables , run errands-whatever you need . 
 all day , seven days a week . 
 whatever you need . 
 it may take a while for me to earn the money ... '' more like forever . 
 those cool , pale eyes studied me silently , revealing nothing . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe it 's a stupid idea . '' 
 i bit down on my thumbnail . 
 she ignored that . 
 `` yes , i believe i can find something for you here . 
 can you start tomorrow night at six ? '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i exclaimed , unable to hide my shock . 
 she nodded , once . 
 as i glanced around the place , a thrill stirred in my stomach . 
 what would i be doing ? 
 i did n't care . 
 `` okay . 
 yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 i made a mental note to call the shelter to let them know i would n't be coming in for the next few ... years . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 sofie rose and walked over to the counter . 
 she grabbed a pen from behind the counter and scrawled something on a sheet of paper , then returned and handed it to me . 
 `` please fill this out . 
 i 've marked your starting pay at the top . '' 
 i saw the slightest smile touch sofie 's plump lips-the first one that night . 
 `` some say i pay too well . '' 
 i looked down at the elegant writing at the top of the job application , and gasped . 
 my watch read ten minutes to six when i pushed through the heavy wooden door of newt 's brew the next evening , my nerves performing a full circus production in the pit of my stomach . 
 i 'd sat up in bed most of the previous night , replaying the inexplicable evening in my head countless times . 
 half of me was sick to my stomach knowing i would n't be registering for college before my fiftieth birthday , given the debt i had so clumsily acquired . 
 but the other half wondered how i had managed to go from landing my first job in a trendy cafe to a salary that could only be described as ridiculous . 
 newt 's brew was empty . 
 not one customer idled with a cup of coffee . 
 no buzz of conversation in the air . 
 maybe it was still early , i decided . 
 sofie stood behind the counter , her back to me , intent on something in her hands . 
 `` hi sofie ! '' 
 i called in a bubbly voice . 
 `` good evening , evangeline , '' she responded without turning , with that same reserved air i was coming to recognize as a usual aspect of her personality . 
 my chest tightened . 
 what if she regrets hiring me ? 
 `` tell me what i can do , '' i urged , sprinting around the counter to face sofie . 
 clad in a provocative , knee-length indigo-blue dress that accentuated her waspish hourglass figure , she was opening a trash bag . 
 i tugged self-consciously on the bottom of my shirt . 
 after spending the entire day in front of my closet , fussing over my mediocre wardrobe , i had finally settled on my nicest pair of dark blue jeans and a gray and black striped shirt , certain that i would still look like a hobo off the street next to the worst-dressed customer in this place . 
 `` these all need to go , '' she said , waving a hand dismissively at the display of desserts . 
 i picked up a silver platter and sniffed a slice of apple pie . 
 it smelled fine . 
 `` help yourself , if you 're hungry , '' she offered , bending to tuck the bag into the trash can . 
 `` are you getting a new batch in ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i have to close newt 's . 
 i have some unfinished business in new york . '' 
 close ? 
 my smile faltered . 
 `` oh ... for how long ? '' 
 `` a few weeks , at least . 
 maybe more . '' 
 my smile fell completely . 
 `` well ... is there anything i can do to help ? 
 i have ten thousand dollars ' worth of hours to put in for you , do n't forget . '' 
 a small , uncomfortable giggle escaped me . 
 i 'd happily forget that part . 
 `` this place is pretty much ready for closing , '' sofie answered , moving to the sink to rinse her hands . 
 `` okay . 
 well , i 'll be here when you get back , i guess . '' 
 we spent the next minutes in awkward silence as i scraped chocolate sauce off a plate , feeling as if an internal bubble had just been popped . 
 why am i so disappointed ? 
 so i 'll have to wait a few weeks to begin paying off my gigantic debt . 
 so what ? 
 because it was n't just about the money , i realized . 
 i wanted to work here-to meet new people , to talk to them , to have them actually respond to me . 
 to befriend sofie ... i stole a glance toward her back . 
 she 's so interesting . 
 so cool . 
 `` unless you want to come with me to new york ? '' 
 sofie asked suddenly , turning to meet my gaze . 
 the plate slipped from my hands and clattered noisily against the tile floor . 
 i felt my eyes bulging . 
 go to new york city with her ? 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 i could use your help , though , '' she added . 
 `` i ... i do n't - '' i stammered , my heart beginning to race . 
 me in new york ? 
 i had never been beyond portland 's suburbs . 
 `` you would n't have to worry about accommodations or meals . '' 
 sofie leaned down to pick the plate up off the floor . 
 `` it 's a wonderful offer , sofie , '' i began , picturing myself surrounded by skyscrapers and the bustling city life . 
 my stomach spasmed with excitement . 
 this is crazy-isn ' t it ? 
 would a sane person say yes to this ? 
 i barely know the woman ! 
 granted , i had smashed her property and she in turn had graciously invited me in for cocoa and a high-paying job-hardly the signs of a serial killer . 
 and this was a job , after all . 
 people traveled all the time for jobs , i rationalized . 
 `` consider your debt to me squared away after this trip , '' she added . 
 `` you 'll have earned it . '' 
 my jaw dropped , and my shoulders lifted as if relieved of an oppressive weight-and they had been . 
 i wo n't owe her anything ? 
 but ... that means she wo n't be obligated to have me work here . 
 i bit my lip , glancing around the empty cafe with a twinge of regret . 
 `` of course , if you want to continue working at newt 's , you 're welcome to , '' sofie added as if reading my mind . 
 the offer was turning richer with every second that i dithered . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 i wished i could ask my mother for advice . 
 `` wow . 
 you 're hard to refuse , '' i began , smiling nervously . 
 `` what 's there to refuse ? '' 
 sofie reached out , a cordless phone in her hand . 
 `` tell you what : if your parents are okay with it , then you know it 's a good idea , right ? '' 
 i hesitated for a few seconds but eventually accepted the phone and dialed home . 
 my foster mom picked up on the second ring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` uh , hi , shelley ? '' 
 `` yes , evangeline . 
 what would you like ? '' 
 she asked in her typical polite but detached tone . 
 she was never unkind , nor was she overly friendly . 
 she was just there . 
 all of my foster families had been the same . 
 i was used to it . 
 sometimes i wondered if they were government-designed robots disguised as foster parents-programmed to conform to the law but incapable of exhibiting emotion . 
 `` um , well , i got a job yesterday , down at a cafe in the art district , '' i began . 
 this was the most i had spoken to her in days . 
 `` that 's nice . '' 
 silence . 
 `` and my new boss just asked me to go to new york to help her with some business . 
 would that be okay with you ? '' 
 i held my breath . 
 `` you turn eighteen tomorrow . 
 you can legally do what you want . '' 
 i was amazed that she 'd remembered my birthday . 
 clearly she had no plans to celebrate it . 
 not a shocker . 
 i normally went full-fledged hermit on my birthday anyway , burrowing under a blanket with a bag of popcorn and a mittful of disney classics . 
 `` okay , well , i may go then . 
 i 'm not sure when i 'll be back , though . '' 
 `` have fun . '' 
 i heard the phone click before i could say another word . 
 `` well ? '' 
 sofie asked . 
 i stared at the dead receiver in my hand . 
 how representative of my life . 
 in the five years since my mother 's death , my existence had become like a one-way conversation with the world-a solitary life spent drifting through homes and schools , all but invisible to those around me . 
 until now . 
 sofie had noticed me . 
 `` i think i 'd like to come to new york with you , if that 's alright . '' 
 am i really doing this ? 
 `` wonderful ! '' 
 sofie said , revealing a rare spike of excitement . 
 `` yes , great . '' 
 i smiled nervously , half expecting men in white coats to storm through the door . 
 `` so , when are we leaving ? '' 
 sofie reached under the counter , retrieving a purse and coat . 
 she walked toward the door , her stilettos clicking sharply against the wood floor . 
 `` now , '' she called to me , flicking off the light switch . 
 i stared , waiting for her to elaborate . 
 `` do n't doddle ! '' 
 she added , suddenly urgent . 
 i joined her at the front door and we stepped out just as a black sedan pulled up to the curb . 
 `` you 're kidding , '' i exclaimed , my nerves stirring my bladder . 
 `` hop in ! '' 
 she instructed , opening the door for me . 
 `` but ... i should pack some things ... '' she waved away my concerns . 
 `` do n't worry about any of that . '' 
 i stood there , baffled . 
 do n't worry about clean underwear and a toothbrush ? 
 a sharp edge in sofie 's voice brooked no argument . 
 `` get in the car , evangeline ! 
 the plane is waiting . '' 
 2 . 
 the gift my hands fidgeted in my lap as i surveyed the bright and airy cabin of sofie 's friend 's private jet for the umpteenth time . 
 we were about two-thirds of the way to new york and i was on my third glass of red wine . 
 i had politely declined when the flight attendant first offered , admitting i was underage . 
 but sofie rolled her eyes dramatically and ordered the woman to disregard my silliness and keep my glass half full at all times . 
 i had protested then . 
 now , feeling the alcohol-induced relaxation seeping through my body , i silently thanked them for ignoring me . 
 easing back into my chair , i pressed a button on the side of my armrest and watched with fascination as a footstool magically rose from the floor . 
 `` finally ... you 'd think we were escorting you to an enema , '' sofie muttered , glancing up from her magazine . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i offered a sheepish smile . 
 `` i 'm a little nervous of flying . '' 
 i was lying , of course . 
 flying did n't bother me-that part was exciting . 
 the fact that twenty-four hours ago this woman was a complete stranger and now i was flying to new york with her-without so much as an extra pair of underwear and for god knows how long-had me frazzled . 
 sofie , on the other hand , was totally relaxed , stretched out in one of the ivory leather lounge chairs across from me , her long , slender legs crossed at the ankles ; she could easily be posing for the cover of a lifestyles of the rich and famous magazine . 
 `` so this friend of yours who owns this plane ... what does he do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , viggo has his hands in everyone 's pocket , '' sofie answered cryptically , setting down her magazine to root through her purse . 
 `` here . '' 
 she handed me a long , narrow wooden box . 
 `` as a thank you for coming . 
 also , i noticed on your application that your birthday is tomorrow , so ... happy birthday . '' 
 i gaped at her , speechless . 
 `` it 's nothing extravagant , '' she added . 
 `` i ... '' i stared down at the box . 
 after a long moment , i opened it . 
 a heart-shaped , black glass pendant the size of a quarter nestled inside . 
 i lifted it gingerly , running a thumb over its smooth surface ; it felt much like a highly polished stone . 
 `` you really did n't need to - '' i stopped to swallow the lump in my throat . 
 `` here , let me put it on you , '' she offered , moving to sit next to me and lifting the silver chain to affix it around my neck . 
 the pendant settled against my chest . 
 `` shoot , '' she murmured . 
 i glanced over my shoulder to see her frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh , something 's wrong with the clasp , '' she replied . 
 i could feel her examining it . 
 `` it wo n't open without breaking . 
 do me a favor and leave it on for now . '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 i answered , my hand cupping the smooth stone to admire it . 
 i 'd gladly wear it forever . 
 sofie shifted back to her chair , watching me with a curious expression . 
 `` it looks nice , '' she finally offered with a strained smile that never reached her eyes . 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's beautiful , '' i said , looking down at it . 
 there was a precious quality to its simplicity . 
 i wondered when she 'd had the chance to get it , since we 'd gone directly from newt 's to the airport . 
 i opened my mouth to ask , but sofie had already turned her attention back to her magazine . 
 i turned to gaze out the small window beside me . 
 we were descending through the clouds . 
 i expected to see a billion lights below soon , welcoming us to our destination , escorting me into a new and unknown chapter in my life . 
 but for now , the flashing lights on the plane 's wings were alone in the sky , beacons serving as both protection and guidance . 
 a hollow feeling blossomed in my chest as i realized that warning lights like those could have saved my mother 's life . 
 it had been five years since the night she 'd been run down by a car . 
 an eternity for me . 
 the police investigation had been short and inconclusive , suggesting that the driver had n't seen her . 
 there were no tire marks to imply otherwise . 
 scared , drunk , oblivious-whatever the reason , the driver never stayed , leaving my mother 's shattered body on the pavement and me a broken-hearted orphan . 
 i closed my eyes and imagined forcing that terrible hollowness into a bottle and corking it tightly . 
 that 's how i had learned to deal with the loss of my mother . 
 it usually worked . 
 this time , though , the empty void expanded , pushing against my rib cage , constricting my lungs , becoming a stabbing ache in my heart . 
 deep breaths , evangeline . 
 i inhaled and exhaled slowly , waiting for the pain to dissipate . 
 it did n't . 
 it only intensified with each new breath , as each beat of my heart came harder and faster . 
 blood rushed to my head , the sound in my ears overpowering the roar of the jet engines . 
 what 's happening to me ? 
 my eyes darted wildly around the plane 's interior . 
 the walls and floor wavered . 
 i knew it had nothing to do with the pilot 's flying skills . 
 and then my heart stopped beating altogether . 
 just like that . 
 i could n't even manage a gasp . 
 my right hand flew to my chest while my left groped through the air for help , for sofie . 
 it only lasted for a second or two , then my heart thumped once , twice . 
 three times . 
 and then it was beating again . 
 a cool hand rested against mine . 
 `` feeling okay ? '' 
 sofie asked , leaning in to peer at my face , her brow furrowed with worry . 
 `` yes . 
 just felt a little funny for a sec . 
 must be my nerves , '' i assured her , adding with a nervous grin , `` or the wine . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i nodded , smiling reassuringly . 
 the copilot poked his head out from the cockpit to announce that we would be landing shortly . 
 my body jerked in response as the seat reverted to a stiff , upright position . 
 exactly how it should be for a safe landing . 
 sofie 's gentle laughter filled the cabin . 
 everything else was forgotten . 
 `` we 're staying here , '' sofie announced as our sleek black town car turned into a driveway off fifth avenue . 
 i looked out at a luxurious five-storey building illuminated theatrically by exterior lights shining upward , highlighting the grooves and ridges and other rich details of its architecture . 
 the car idled quietly , waiting for a heavy iron garage door to glide open before pulling into the dimly lit tunnel beyond . 
 it ended at a second garage door that did n't open until the first was firmly shut . 
 `` i guess we 'll be safe here , '' i murmured . 
 sofie offered only a small smile before turning her minty eyes forward , her jaw tense . 
 she seemed nervous . 
 the second door opened and the car pulled forward . 
 my eyes widened in amazement . 
 `` wow . 
 this is ... '' we were in an enclosed courtyard filled with lush gardens bisected by winding walkways . 
 giant coach lanterns illuminated five storeys of balconies climbing the four walls-there had to be a hundred of them , each adorned with a wrought-iron windowbox overflowing with flowers in vibrant sunset hues . 
 a throat cleared . 
 i turned to find the car door wide open and a white-haired man in a three-piece suit patiently waiting , his hand outstretched . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i scurried across the seat to accept his hand . 
 my feet landed on cobblestones as i slid out . 
 `` good evening , miss evangeline , '' the man said in a rich british accent as he executed a formal bow . 
 `` i am leonardo , the butler . 
 please inform me if you require anything at all during your stay . '' 
 i nodded dumbly , awed as much by him as i was by my surroundings . 
 it was warm in here-balmy , compared to the frigid temperature outside . 
 i took a few steps forward and knelt to touch a velvety rose petal . 
 `` i did n't think roses could bloom this late . '' 
 `` they do n't , normally . 
 look up , '' sofie said . 
 `` see the dome ? '' 
 i tipped my head back and squinted at the dark night sky above us , finally noticing the web of black lines holding the glass panes between them in an intricate pattern . 
 the giant courtyard was an atrium . 
 `` feel free to tour the gardens , '' leonardo offered , smiling encouragement . 
 i hesitated only a second before returning the smile and taking off down one of the paths like a child investigating a secret garden . 
 until tonight , a place like this had only existed in fairytales filled with royal palaces and princesses . 
 now , as i strolled along the cobblestone path , inhaling the heady scents of lavender and mint , it was real . 
 and i was living in it . 
 something white in the center of the atrium caught my eye . 
 drawn to it , i stopped before a large statue-a sculpture of a woman in a flowing gown , arms reaching toward the sky , hands awkwardly clasped together as if offering up a gift to the heavens . 
 `` spectacular , is n't she ? 
 truly one of a kind , '' a male voice called in an unusual accent . 
 i jumped , startled , as an attractive blonde man of about thirty in a pinstriped suit approached along the path . 
 `` the smoothest white marble imaginable . 
 go on , touch it ! '' 
 he said in a commanding tone . 
 i obliged almost mechanically , leaning forward to slide my fingertips along the statue 's toes . 
 they were icy cold . 
 `` very smooth , '' i agreed , straightening . 
 blood instantly rushed to my head . 
 the ground began to sway . 
 i closed my eyes , vaguely aware of a strong hand grabbing my arm and moving me . 
 when the dizziness disappeared , i found myself sitting at a bistro table near the statue . 
 sofie , leonardo , and the blonde man stood around me , concerned expressions on their faces . 
 what 's wrong with me lately ? 
 i felt my cheeks grow hot . 
 `` must be the flight . 
 or the wine . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 when sofie 's distressed expression did n't fade , i added , `` this atrium is spectacular , '' hoping to redirect their attention . 
 the blonde man 's sparkling cobalt-blue eyes roamed over the gardens , a proud smile stretching his lips . 
 `` is n't it , though ? 
 i hate the long , cold winters but i love this city too much to move to a warmer climate . 
 this atrium is the perfect compromise . '' 
 `` yes , the gas company agrees whole-heartedly . 
 the fool keeps them in business , heating this place , '' a man muttered darkly behind me in a thick french accent . 
 i turned to see a tall , broad-shouldered man with chestnut brown hair and black eyes marching toward us . 
 he was dressed as sharply as the blonde . 
 `` you ridicule , yet you have no trouble taking full advantage , '' the blonde retorted with a deep scowl , pointing toward the bistro table . 
 when his attention fell back to me , his face lit up again . 
 `` welcome to our home , evangeline ! 
 i 'm sofie 's friend , viggo . 
 that grouch there is mortimer . '' 
 viggo draped his arm casually around my shoulder as if he were a long-time friend . 
 my shoulders tensed in response , unaccustomed to the closeness . 
 luckily , if he noticed , he did n't seem bothered . 
 this entire place is theirs ? 
 wide-eyed , i scanned the multitude of balconies again . 
 `` thank you for letting me stay here . '' 
 `` oh , sofie warned us that you were a darling , with such manners , '' viggo said , smiling . 
 `` i hope it did n't take too much convincing to get you here . '' 
 mortimer chuckled deeply . 
 `` sofie could convince a troll to abandon his bridge if she set her mind to it . '' 
 viggo threw an unimpressed glare at mortimer before turning back to me . 
 `` but you are far from a troll , my beautiful evangeline . '' 
 he laughed , his eyes twinkling as he pulled me out of my chair and squeezed me in a fatherly side-hug . 
 it was how i had always imagined my father would embrace me , if i had known him . 
 my dad had never been in the picture , deciding fatherhood was too daunting the second he learned of his seventeen-year-old girlfriend 's pregnancy . 
 oddly enough , he had no concerns about scaling treacherous cliffs . 
 it was a freak mountain climbing accident-not the cries of a little girl-that had killed him . 
 my face flared with heat at viggo 's brazen compliment . 
 `` give her room to breathe , viggo , '' sofie warned . 
 `` she 's been two seconds away from a mild coronary the entire trip here . '' 
 viggo chuckled . 
 `` come . 
 let 's show you to your room . 
 you must be exhausted . 
 this way . '' 
 i turned to follow him . 
 and gasped . 
 four beasts stood in a row ten feet away from me , their unsettling , beady yellow eyes studying me with suspicion . 
 i call them beasts because they were simply too large to be anything else . 
 their cropped , pointy ears were level with my shoulders-and at five foot nine , i was by no means considered short . 
 their muscular bodies , covered in glossy black fur , were easily triple my weight . 
 one of them sauntered forward , its talon-like claws clicking against the cobblestones with each step . 
 it halted in front of mortimer for a sniff and a pat , its gaze never leaving mine . 
 `` evangeline , meet maximus , sebastian , charleston , and remington . 
 my fiercely loyal and protective guard dogs . '' 
 mortimer gave the dog a playful shove before pulling its head affectionately into his chest . 
 `` what kind of dogs are they ? '' 
 i asked warily , edging back to stand behind viggo . 
 `` oh , they 're ... a unique strain . 
 no others exist in the world . '' 
 `` because their mother was a horse ? '' 
 i mumbled under my breath . 
 mortimer 's laughter reverberated throughout the atrium . 
 it was deep and menacing and left me unsettled . 
 `` i agree , they are much larger than we had expected-and they consume the equivalent of a horse . '' 
 my hand flew to my mouth . 
 `` do n't be worried about offending us , dear evangeline , '' viggo said , patting my back , chuckling . 
 `` you do n't like my dogs ? '' 
 mortimer 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` oh , no ! 
 i 'm just ... shocked by their size . '' 
 i stepped forward and reached up to stiffly pat the top of a head . 
 i did n't know whose . 
 they all looked the same . 
 mortimer laughed again , obviously aware of my discomfort . 
 `` you will learn to appreciate their companionship , i promise , '' he called over his shoulder as he walked down the path toward a set of double red doors embedded in one of the walls . 
 i peered at the four pairs of eyes gazing back at me , unconvinced . 
 i received the grand tour of their home , or parts of it , because a full tour would have lasted into the wee hours of the night . 
 viggo explained the extensive renovations while we wove through the countless rooms and marbled hallways , including the construction of an atrium where one had never existed . 
 `` we could have built an identical home from the ground up for one-eighth of the cost , '' mortimer complained . 
 `` but viggo had to have this location and what viggo wants , viggo gets . '' 
 viggo only winked in response . 
 so they lived together . 
 that meant they were more than platonic friends-although , listening to their interaction , i never in a million years would have guessed it . 
 we ended the tour on the top floor . 
 viggo pushed open a set of double doors , and threw his arms wide . 
 `` your suite , mademoiselle . '' 
 to the left of me was a king-sized four-poster bed , dressed in layers of feathery pillows and opulent bedding , all in a mixture of white and silvery gray . 
 circular glass tables on either side of the bed held crystal lamps and fresh bouquets of ivory calla lilies , and a crystal chandelier sparkled above it all . 
 to my right , a white velvet chaise waited beside an oversized fireplace . 
 a watercolor of a young girl picking wild flowers hung over the marble mantel . 
 the softly-hued image stirred familiarity within me , though i could n't place it . 
 `` leonardo stocked your room with clothing , toiletries , and the like , '' viggo said , placing a firm hand on my back to prod me toward a door in the opposite wall . 
 with the turn of a knob and the flick of a switch , i found myself standing in a walk-in closet filled with a department store-worth of clothing and shoes . 
 `` everything your little heart may require for your stay , '' he added with a smile . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 all for me ? 
 `` yes , it 's for you . 
 it should fit perfectly . 
 all new and - '' his eyes narrowed as something caught his attention . 
 he walked over and reached into a basket to pull out a lacy pink thong . 
 `` oh , you old devil , leonardo . '' 
 he grinned . 
 if there was a competition over whose face turned a harsher shade of red-leonardo 's or mine-i could n't say who would win . 
 leonardo gruffly cleared his throat . 
 `` martha was in charge of those ... items , '' he answered curtly . 
 spinning on his heels , he marched out of the room . 
 `` i should be more careful or i 'll give the old man a heart attack , '' viggo murmured , casually tossing the frilly thing back into the basket and walking out . 
 i followed , still shocked by their generosity . 
 at least that solves my underwear issue ... `` it 's late . 
 you likely need your rest , '' mortimer exclaimed after releasing an obviously phony yawn . 
 `` please help yourself to anything in the kitchen , should you get hungry . 
 our staff made sure the fridge was fully stocked , '' viggo added , patting my back . 
 they all turned to leave . 
 i panicked . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 three sets of piercing eyes turned to regard me curiously . 
 `` what if i get lost ? '' 
 viggo threw his head back and howled with laughter . 
 `` oh , you are precious , are n't you ! '' 
 he pinched my cheek . 
 `` maximus will guide you , '' mortimer answered , trying to keep his amusement from showing . 
 i turned to find that the massive animal had crept in behind me . 
 i eyed the beast skeptically . 
 `` do n't worry , he knows this place well . '' 
 viggo chuckled . 
 maximus stared at me with oddly perceptive eyes for a moment and then , letting out an unimpressed groan , he flopped down beside the fireplace . 
 sofie was the last to leave . 
 she gave me a small , apologetic smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 those two can be ... overwhelming . '' 
 i shook my head , giggling `` they 're nice . 
 and extremely generous . '' 
 sofie bit her bottom lip , suddenly pensive . 
 `` i 'm just down the hall if you need me . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 i have a tour guide , remember ? '' 
 sofie glanced over at the big beast , her eyes narrowing to slits . 
 `` well , if you need anything , i 'm there . '' 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? 
 what more could i possibly need ? '' 
 i waved to the luxurious suite . 
 `` i could die a happy girl here , tonight . '' 
 sofie 's face contorted in horror for a second before she schooled it to her normally reserved expression . 
 `` well , good night then . '' 
 with another icy gaze at the giant mass of canine muscle , she was gone , walking briskly down the hall . 
 `` well , i guess it 's just you and me , maximus . 
 max . '' 
 max groaned and stood . 
 he walked over to stand beside the bed and lifted one paw to the mattress , patting it several times as if instructing me to get in . 
 i laughed , my fear of him melting away . 
 he did n't look so threatening after all . 
 `` are you trying to tell me something ? '' 
 i glanced at the bedside clock . 
 a quarter to midnight , and i was wired . 
 there was no way i 'd get any sleep tonight . 
 but i may as well get comfortable , i decided , heading to the closet to find some pajamas . 
 now that i did n't have an audience , i could shamelessly investigate the plethora of clothes . 
 my hands eagerly sorted through racks upon racks of stylish clothes , all with designer tags still attached-fendi , burberry , versace , vera wang-names i recognized from fashion magazines but never imagined wearing . 
 an entire wall housed shoes ; i counted thirty pairs . 
 thirty ! 
 from runners to boots with three inch-high heels , and everything in between . 
 on another wall hung dozens of wire baskets filled with socks , pajamas , and intimates-including the infamous thong . 
 as i rifled through the pile of cozy flannel separates-my typical choice-my eye caught white lace trim . 
 curious , i pulled out a gray two-piece set . 
 i rubbed the material between my fingers , reveling in the softness . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i muttered , stripping down to try on the slinky outfit . 
 i looked in a mirror . 
 half my chest was exposed , the tank top 's plunging neckline bordering on obscene . 
 `` what do you think , max ? 
 too sexy ? '' 
 he pushed past me and , walking over to the basket of pajamas , stuck his muzzle into it . 
 he resurfaced with a pair of fuzzy pink tigger-printed flannels between his teeth . 
 `` yes , max , that is more me . '' 
 i chuckled wryly . 
 `` the old me . 
 this , '' i twirled , `` is the new me . 
 the adventurous , confident evangeline . '' 
 my life was full of new beginnings . 
 `` i think i 'll stay in it . 
 i 'm not going out in public anyway , '' i threw over my shoulder , leaving the closet . 
 max followed , groaning . 
 next i checked out the ensuite bathroom-an outrageously large , spa-like room constructed in white marble and crystal . 
 the counter held dozens of creams and soaps and the equivalent of an entire drugstore cosmetics aisle , including some metal tools that in my opinion belonged in a serial killer 's torture kit . 
 max nosed through the door and sauntered over to nuzzle my neck affectionately . 
 i giggled . 
 his nuzzles turned to shoves as he herded me out into the bedroom and toward my bed , his sheer size easily overpowering me . 
 i sighed , scratching his ear affectionately . 
 `` i 'm not tired yet , max . '' 
 my eyes wandered around my luxurious suite , taking in every detail from the bed frame to the doorknobs . 
 `` they sure do have a lot of money , do n't they ... '' i slid my fingertips along the sculpted mantel , likely worth enough to pay for my first year of college . 
 my eyes lifted to the watercolor and that same twinge of familiarity stirred . 
 the little girl was in a park , with a swing set and red and white striped monkey bars in the distant background . 
 leaning in , i read the signature in the bottom right corner . 
 my eyes widened in shock . 
 `` sofie painted this ? '' 
 could it be ? 
 yes , i supposed it could . 
 i knew absolutely nothing about her . 
 a gigantic yawn escaped me . 
 maybe i will sleep tonight , after all . 
 `` okay , max . 
 you win . 
 now i 'm ready to sleep . '' 
 i crawled into the giant bed and burrowed under the luxuriously soft duvet , suddenly exhausted . 
 max hovered beside my bed , watching keenly . 
 `` night , max , '' i said through a yawn , reaching out to pat his nose . 
 my other hand clasped sofie 's pendant , imagining heat radiating from it . 
 i must have blinked a dozen times before my pupils adjusted to the dark . 
 it was either late dusk or early dawn , i could n't tell which . 
 trees towered over me , soaring skyward to form a canopy so expansive that i could barely glimpse the moonlit sky beyond . 
 i was surrounded by forest . 
 where am i ? 
 3 . 
 drowning from the corner of my eye , i saw a person standing motionless nearby . 
 i turned my head to look . 
 not a person , a statue-the white woman from viggo and mortimer 's atrium . 
 i frowned . 
 had n't viggo called her one of a kind ? 
 something burned hot against my chest , like an ember scorching my skin . 
 looking down , i realized it was my pendant . 
 only it was n't the cold , glassy black heart sofie had given me . 
 it had come alive , glowing with a swirling current of orange and crimson . 
 i lifted the pendant off my chest by its chain ; no burns marred the skin underneath . 
 it must be like a mood ring , only it gets hot with color changes . 
 someone 's discovered a way to revive that dreadful fad . 
 a faint breeze caressed my body . 
 i shivered in response and wrapped my arms tightly around my bare arms . 
 bare ? 
 glancing down , i groaned . 
 i was in my pajamas , the revealing gray ones . 
 i ca n't believe i left the house in this ! 
 peering farther down , i saw exposed toes . 
 perfect . 
 no shoes either . 
 did i sleepwalk out of mortimer and viggo 's place ? 
 i sat up and checked the shadows , grumbling , `` where is that bloody mutt ? '' 
 the big black dog had n't followed me . 
 i pushed to my feet and took a step forward , the cold , damp moss of the forest floor tickling my bare skin . 
 a twig snapped beneath my weight-so slight a sound that it should have gone unnoticed but instead echoed like a thunderclap in the eerie silence . 
 nothing moved . 
 nothing seemed alive . 
 my stomach knotted up in panic . 
 i inched back toward the statue to wait for rescue . 
 my teeth began chattering , the chilly night air uncomfortable , even with my blazing pendant as a source of heat . 
 i may freeze to death out here , i realized . 
 maybe this statue is the frozen result of another girl wandering into the woods , never to be heard from again . 
 i finally accepted that i had to seek out help . 
 i stepped hesitantly forward , my feet barely registering the cold from the ground anymore . 
 i wandered into the mass of bushes and ferns surrounding the clearing where the statue stood , my face periodically caressed by a stray leaf as i pushed branches out of my path . 
 i kept moving , stumbling over roots as the darkness deepened within the dense thicket , beginning to feel as if i were being swallowed whole . 
 `` i 'm from maine and i have zero basic survival skills , '' i admitted sourly to myself . 
 `` that will change . 
 as soon as i get back , i 'm signing up for the first wilderness for dummies class i can find . '' 
 and a psychiatrist . 
 my ears caught a faint and distant sound . 
 i held my breath , listening intently . 
 laughter ? 
 it was so far away , and barely audible ... it could n't be . 
 my mind must be playing tricks on me . 
 i took several more steps then froze , praying i was n't hallucinating . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 there ! 
 this time , i heard a clear howl of mirth in the distance . 
 people ! 
 i took off like an arrow , abandoning my usual caution , tearing recklessly through the thick undergrowth toward the sound . 
 branches and leaves whipped against my body but i barely noticed , too busy holding my breath . 
 do i shout out to them ? 
 let them know i 'm coming ? 
 i opted for keeping silent , concentrating on not running headfirst into any of the mammoth tree trunks . 
 i figured they 'd see the glow from my necklace anyway , now blazing with brilliant light like a beacon in a thick fog . 
 i finally broke free of the bushes to find a moonlit river , maybe twenty feet wide , stretching out in front of me . 
 i had to grab the trunk of a small tree growing at its edge to stop myself from tumbling in . 
 momentary panic clenched my stomach . 
 how am i going to cross this ? 
 it was n't a huge river but it was october . 
 the water would be icy cold . 
 boisterous male laughter rang out . 
 i turned toward it and saw , maybe a hundred feet away on the other side of the river , my soon-to-be rescuers standing with their backs to me . 
 i exhaled and then breathed in slowly , sweet relief filling my lungs . 
 i was going to be okay . 
 there were three of them and they were keenly focused on a large object at their feet . 
 something was extremely funny because they were practically doubled over in laughter . 
 they obviously had n't noticed me yet-astonishing , given the noise i had surely generated while streaking through the forest like a wild boar . 
 i opened my mouth to holler but a sound other than laughter clamped my mouth shut , the short hairs on the back of my neck standing on end . 
 it had come from a female , and it was n't laughter . 
 all three men crouched down around whatever was by their feet . 
 what are they doing ? 
 i squinted , concentrating hard on the object . 
 it moved . 
 a chill of realization slid down my spine . 
 it was n't an object . 
 it was a person . 
 `` i 'll visit , i promise , '' i heard a male voice bellow as one of them hoisted the person 's body up and tossed it toward the center of the river . 
 a large rectangular object followed closely after , entering the river with a big splash . 
 the blood coursing through my veins turned icy as i stood there , my eyes wide with terror . 
 i waited for the body to resurface , a kick or a splash-some sign of life , some clue that this was a prank . 
 it finally sank in . 
 i was witnessing murder . 
 someone was drowning right before my eyes . 
 these people were n't going to save me . 
 once they noticed i was here , they 'd hunt me down and toss me in to join their first victim , to hide all evidence . 
 all they had to do was turn around . 
 my hand flew to my pendant , trying to mask the pulsating glow . 
 i dropped noiselessly to the ground and slithered commando style into a thick mass of ferns until i was adequately concealed but still able to observe the killers . 
 they loitered on the edge of the river , chattering and laughing like a bunch of teenagers while their victim drowned . 
 feeling marginally safe for the moment , i turned my attention to the person in the water . 
 it had to be the female . 
 was she alive when she was tossed in ? 
 she had n't struggled or even uttered a sound . 
 if she was alive , surely she could only hold her breath for three , four minutes , tops , if i had learned anything from high school biology class . 
 one ... two ... three ... i began counting seconds in my head but could n't get past five . 
 the sound of my pounding heart kept making me lose count . 
 the more i focused on slowing it , the more furious the beating became . 
 the group 's casual chatter died down and they turned and began scanning the forest . 
 my chest tightened in alarm as three pairs of eyes landed on the very bush i was hiding under . 
 oh god , they can see me . 
 they 're going to drown me too . 
 my body went rigid . 
 would they go through the trouble of crossing the river to get to me ? 
 of course they would . 
 i was a witness to their evil crime . 
 i waited for splashes , for that menacing laugh , for a hand to wrench me from my hiding spot . 
 i gritted my teeth as the burn of my pendant intensified , certain that it was searing my skin . 
 thankfully it was buried under my body , otherwise there 'd be a bright red flare to guide the murderers over . 
 leave ! 
 leave ! 
 an insistent voice screamed inside my head . 
 my palms were damp , my knuckles had turned white , and a full-scale panic attack was imminent when the group dismissed whatever had caught their attention and disappeared into the woods in the opposite direction . 
 i allowed myself the smallest sigh of relief , afraid anything louder would echo across the water . 
 as soon as i judged they were out of earshot , i crept out from under my bush and darted toward the riverbank . 
 i silently waded into the water , now too fueled with adrenaline to notice its chill . 
 i was sure i was too late . 
 i was sure i was swimming out to find only death-if i could even find her in the river 's murk-but i swam out anyway . 
 taking a deep , resigned breath , i dove under . 
 blonde , wavy hair billowed softly beneath me . 
 she was there , motionless , at the bottom of the river . 
 i resurfaced , grief washing over me . 
 i was too late . 
 be more certain , my conscience whispered . 
 i stalled . 
 swim to her now , it insisted . 
 it was right . 
 i could n't ignore it . 
 so i took another deep breath and under i went , propelling myself down to the riverbed in seconds to face her . 
 she had been a pretty girl of maybe sixteen , with a dainty button nose and delicate , high cheekbones . 
 her eyes were closed , tightened in a way that suggested she was alive and in pain , but her lips-large , plump , pink lips-were parted to allow water into her lungs . 
 i was sure she was dead , and yet ... my hand slowly reached toward her shoulder . 
 i jabbed her with my index finger . 
 green eyes shot open , focusing on me . 
 i gasped . 
 water flooded into my mouth and throat , pushing down into my lungs . 
 i had to get to the surface , breathe-now . 
 flailing my arms and legs wildly , i clawed my way to the surface to cough up the frigid river water . 
 she 's alive ! 
 why does n't she swim up ? 
 i wondered while i choked . 
 it did n't matter , i had to help her . 
 i dove back down and grabbed her forearm . 
 both her hands floated up in unison , bound by a silvery cord . 
 i 'd have to untie that later-no time now . 
 i hooked my arm around her waist and kicked forcefully , attempting to tow her up . 
 she would n't budge . 
 something was weighing her down . 
 i let go of her waist and swam farther down to find a large concrete block resting on the riverbed , fastened to her ankle with more silvery cord . 
 it had to weigh at least three hundred pounds . 
 that 's what they threw in after her , i realized , though i did n't know how any one human being could have hoisted it and tossed it in with the ease i had witnessed . 
 the cord was fastened to her ankle in an intricate knot . 
 it would take me hours to unravel , if i could even loosen it . 
 hours she did n't have . 
 i reached down and , with one hand on either side of the knot to test the tautness , i tugged lightly . 
 my eyes widened in shock when the silvery rope pulled apart like cotton candy . 
 i did n't waste time dwelling on the small miracle . 
 i reached up and pulled at her wrist bindings to find they came apart as easily . 
 she was free . 
 hooking my arm around the girl 's waist again , i pulled her to the rivers ' surface . 
 `` you 're going to be fine , '' i whispered hoarsely , my breathing ragged , one arm gripping her tightly while i used the other to paddle us to shore . 
 she did n't struggle , or speak , or even gasp for air . 
 i 'm too late . 
 i took too long . 
 by the time we reached the nearest bank , i was on the verge of unconsciousness . 
 i dragged her to safety , then collapsed with my cheek in the cool mud , where i would have willingly stayed for hours . 
 `` you 're breathing . 
 you 're gasping for air , '' someone said in a raspy voice . 
 it was n't offensive or ugly in the least . 
 it had that inflection that men find sexy . 
 i pulled my face out of the mud to see my would-be drowning victim sitting calmly in the mud , unscathed . 
 my shock reenergized me , reviving my exhausted body . 
 i sat up to stare at her . 
 she repeated herself . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm not a strong swimmer , '' i said . 
 she wore a curious expression as she studied me with big , almond-shaped green eyes . 
 this girl was pretty when i thought she was dead ; now that she was alive , i could see that she was drop-dead gorgeous . 
 she had the creamy pale skin and dimpled cheeks of an angel , reminding me of one of those cheerleaders-the bubbly , popular kind . 
 `` was the rope difficult to untie ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it practically crumbled in my hands . 
 why did n't you break free ? '' 
 `` i could n't , '' she replied simply . 
 my body shuddered violently then , succumbing to the frigid temperature of the water and the air . 
 a peculiar look flashed in the girl 's eyes-eagerness , shock-a mixture , perhaps . 
 she seemed unaffected by the cold air though her clothes were dripping wet . 
 more importantly , she was too relaxed for someone who had just been dumped into a river to die . 
 she must be in shock . 
 her eyes darted to the darkness under the trees . 
 `` we need to leave right now , before they come back . 
 this way . '' 
 she was on her feet instantly . 
 the idea of facing murderers had me jumping up to follow her . 
 i had n't taken two steps , though , when i lost my footing under the slick mud , and fell . 
 for the second time that night , i woke up in a strange place . 
 my head throbbed . 
 reaching up , i winced as my fingers grazed a sizeable goose egg behind my right temple . 
 how did i ... memories of the night flashed through my mind then-the statue , icy water , the girl with the emerald eyes . 
 she 'd been drowning and i rescued her . 
 sort of . 
 a comfortable heat warmed my back . 
 rolling over with difficulty , i found myself lying beside a large firepit . 
 i spent a few moments staring at the flames as they flickered in a captivating dance . 
 `` are you too hot ? '' 
 a raspy voice asked . 
 i recognized the owner as my near-drowning victim . 
 rolling onto my back , i found her sitting cross-legged on the ground behind my head , peering down at me with eyes that sparkled like emeralds in the firelight . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked , casually twirling a strand of wildly curly blonde hair-now dry and jutting out in all directions like shiny , fat springs . 
 the curls reminded me of medusa 's head of snakes . 
 i scrambled to sit up but swooned , my head throbbing . 
 `` do n't rush , '' she said , patting my back as i lay in a heap on the ground , my forehead against a stone . 
 `` at least you 're dry . 
 and clean . 
 i think i got all the mud off you . 
 i ca n't believe you went into that water . 
 do you know what 's in there ? '' 
 she rambled on , though i could n't focus on her words ; i was too busy trying not to vomit . 
 once the spinning subsided , i slowly pushed myself up to sit in front of her . 
 god , she looks like an angel . 
 except for her clothes . 
 they were shabby and dark and frayed by what looked like decades of wear-clothes one would expect to find on a homeless person . 
 i had n't noticed them before . 
 she frowned . 
 `` how 's your head ? '' 
 i did n't answer , too busy investigating the stone walls , low ceiling , and general eeriness around me . 
 we were in a cave . 
 `` i think there 's something wrong with her , '' medusa-girl whispered to someone behind me . 
 i turned . 
 a man in his early twenties towered over us , several large chunks of wood in his arms . 
 he had the same large , beautiful green eyes as medusa-girl , only a different shade of green-jade instead of emerald , and more intense . 
 his long slender nose and pronounced cheekbones were almost femininely pretty , but those features were well balanced by a masculine square jaw and unkempt chestnut brown hair , neither too long nor too short . 
 i gawked openly at him , unable to peel my attention away , until i noticed his jaw clench . 
 i quickly averted my gaze to my hands . 
 cool , sinister laughter echoed through the cave then , sending a shiver down my spine . 
 searching the darkness for the owner , i saw a woman suddenly materialize out of nothingness , her seductive , confident gait triggering images of a wild cat stalking its prey . 
 she stopped beside the young man , tossing her thick mane of raven black hair over her shoulder before gazing down at me with a detached air and lemon-yellow eyes , too light to ever be mistaken for hazel . 
 i was staring into those eyes , mesmerized , wondering if they were authentic or colored contacts , when more voices spoke . 
 `` what 's with the fire ? '' 
 a male voice asked , its owner walking through the cave entrance . 
 he stopped beside the firepit , a surprised look on his face as his charcoal-gray eyes landed on me . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 except for his pale complexion , he fit the stereotype of a surfer with his shaggy , golden blonde hair , lean , muscular build , and boyish , carefree grin , which he was proudly displaying for me now . 
 yet another set of piercing eyes landed on me then-large , catlike , violet eyes-as a woman stepped in beside him . 
 his girlfriend , by the way he immediately draped his arm around her shoulder and planted a kiss on her heart-shaped face . 
 she pushed a strand of long , caramel-brown hair off her brow . 
 i suddenly understood what it felt like to be a gangly , awkward twelve-year-old with braces and frizzy orange hair , stumbling into a group of inhumanly beautiful adults . 
 they were utterly flawless , free of the usual suspects-the crooked teeth , the deviated nose , the disproportionately set eyes . 
 their faces were perfectly symmetrical and universally desirable , their hair impeccably groomed , their skin soft-looking ; even their fingernails were manicured . 
 everything about them was perfect . 
 everything except their ratty clothes . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 surfer guy asked again . 
 `` dunno . 
 she bumped her head and now she 's a mute , '' the dark-haired one murmured , the corners of her broad , cherry red mouth curving into a condescending smirk . 
 my drowning victim tried again . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` evangeline , '' i finally croaked , trembling . 
 she nodded once . 
 `` i 'm amelie . 
 this is fiona , bishop , and over there is my brother , caden . 
 and that 's rachel . '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 is it really ? 
 stupid response , evangeline . 
 `` evangeline , '' amelie said calmly , `` do n't worry . 
 we wo n't hurt you . 
 what were you doing out in the woods ? '' 
 `` i do n't ... remember , '' i stammered . 
 `` where did you come from ? '' 
 the girl named fiona asked . 
 her voice had an appealing huskiness to it . 
 `` manhattan ... ? '' 
 their blank looks confirmed it meant nothing to them . 
 how did i wander so far from viggo and mortimer 's place ? 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 amelie asked softly . 
 `` not much . 
 i went to sleep in my bed and woke up in a forest , beside a statue . 
 i heard those people by the river and i went to find them . 
 they laughed a bit and then threw you in , and i hid under a bush ... i was sure you were dead , '' i added . 
 the guy named bishop roared with laughter for some strange reason . 
 `` thank you again for ... helping me out of that predicament , '' amelie said , a strange smile touching her lips . 
 that 's a blase way to thank someone for saving your life . 
 `` the statue was of a woman reaching up to the sky ? '' 
 the beautiful guy with the firewood-caden-asked . 
 i nodded . 
 they were all silent then , exchanging cryptic glances . 
 in a flash , caden was crouching down beside me , so unexpectedly that i flinched , startled . 
 he leaned in close , staring intently at my chest . 
 my half-naked chest , i realized . 
 i instinctively crossed my arms over my torso , my hot face turning every shade of humiliation from rose to eggplant , i was sure . 
 with everything else going on , i had forgotten about my clothing-or lack thereof . 
 he raised his eyes , his brow furrowed in confusion for a moment . 
 then his jade eyes went wide with comprehension . 
 `` your necklace-i was looking at the charm , '' he explained , raising his hands in surrender . 
 `` i was n't ! '' 
 i heard bishop call from behind him , followed by a loud smack-presumably fiona 's response to his lewdness . 
 `` can i please see it ? 
 the pendant , '' caden asked gently . 
 `` um , yeah , sure ... i guess . '' 
 i reached up to unclasp the chain , then remembered sofie 's request to leave it on . 
 `` i ca n't take it off . 
 the clasp is broken and i do n't want to lose it . '' 
 he nodded once . 
 i grabbed the chain and pulled it as far out from my half-exposed chest as possible , the glowing red heart swinging back and forth thanks to my trembling hand . 
 caden slid in closer to me . 
 i swallowed , my chest tightening with anxiety at his proximity , my heart beginning to hammer my chest again . 
 i noticed his eyes flit curiously to my face for a second and i thought i detected the slight crook of a smile , but his face smoothed before i could be sure . 
 his hand reached out to grasp the pendant . 
 a burst of red light flashed brightly . 
 he recoiled . 
 leaning back to squat on his heels , he placed his chin in his hands . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 rachel asked crisply . 
 i glanced over to see her standing with arms crossed , scowling . 
 caden , a pensive expression on his face , ignored her . 
 `` where 'd you get that ? '' 
 `` it was a gift . '' 
 `` recent ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` from whom ? '' 
 `` sofie . 
 um , i mean ... my boss . '' 
 caden continued studying it in silence , his eyes shifting back and forth . 
 `` you 'll have to thank sofie . 
 i think it saved your life . '' 
 i glanced down at the radiant heart and an unpleasant chill ran down my spine . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 caden opened his mouth to answer , but bishop sprang to his feet , cursing vehemently as his eyes darted to the cave entrance . 
 `` they 've tracked us here , '' he growled , his jovial tone of moments ago gone . 
 `` damn it , amelie ! '' 
 rachel cursed . 
 `` oh , shut it ! '' 
 amelie threw a withering glare in rachel 's direction . 
 it did n't phase the dark beauty in the least . 
 `` must be the fire , '' fiona whispered . 
 `` how much time ? '' 
 caden asked , his eyes locked on mine , his voice now hard and determined . 
 bishop inhaled deeply . 
 `` maybe two minutes ... i ca n't believe i missed their scent , '' he hissed through gritted teeth . 
 scent ? 
 i inhaled deeply but my nostrils filled with nothing but smoke . 
 `` there . 
 i can sense them ... three of them . 
 they 'll be here soon , '' rachel confirmed . 
 three ... there 'd been three people by the river . 
 three murderers . 
 i wondered if it was the same group . 
 in the next second i was flying across the cave , cradled in caden 's strong arms . 
 setting me on my feet , he gently pushed me into a small alcove . 
 standing within it , i could n't see two-thirds of the cave . 
 they 're hiding me , i realized . 
 caden 's hand lifted my chin , tilting my head back far enough that my eyes met his . 
 he stared at me so fixedly that i began squirming , trying to turn away . 
 `` no , do n't , '' he whispered calmly , holding my chin securely between his thumb and forefinger . 
 the tension slid from my body as i fell deeper and deeper into those infinite pools of jade , my focus becoming cloudy , my thoughts muddled . 
 caden 's voice whispered , slow and deliberate , `` you need to stay hidden and remain calm . 
 do n't speak . 
 do n't make a single sound . '' 
 his words strung together , swirling around inside my head , repeating over and over . 
 i nodded involuntarily . 
 with a satisfied nod , caden removed his hand from my chin and turned to face the cave entrance . 
 i stood staring at his broad , muscular back , imagining my fingers running through his hair , barely noticing the burning against my chest as my pendant blazed ... the temporary fog in my brain lifted . 
 i began tapping my fingers against my thighs in response to my growing panic . 
 `` what do they want ? '' 
 i finally whispered . 
 caden 's head whipped around , his eyebrows furrowed in confusion as he searched my face , until his gaze landed on my pendant . 
 `` interesting ... '' he mumbled to himself . 
 he paused . 
 `` they want amelie . 
 they 're the ones who put her in the river . 
 but you ... when they find out about you ... '' his eyes left the pendant and returned to my face . 
 he did n't need to finish his sentence . 
 i caught the drift . 
 `` because i helped amelie ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` you do n't know where you are-who we are ? '' 
 `` we 're in a cave and you 're ... homeless people ? '' 
 i said . 
 oh , stupid , evangeline . 
 that was so insensitive . 
 `` just stay hidden and do n't say anything . 
 i 'll keep you safe , i promise , '' caden whispered , smiling down at me reassuringly . 
 or sympathetically , because i sounded like an imbecile . 
 i could n't resist asking , `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 `` would you shut up ? 
 unless you want to die tonight , little girl , '' rachel hissed through clenched teeth . 
 she had edged to the back wall of the cave and was now watching us keenly . 
 i blanched at the threat , my heart doubling its pace . 
 caden reached out , his hands cupping my chin . 
 again i sensed a gravitational pull toward those deep pools , only it was n't nearly as strong as before . 
 `` you have to calm down . 
 now . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i focused on his soothing voice , the intensity of his eyes . 
 although my heart kept racing , its thunderous pounding dulled to an irritating thud . 
 caden put his finger to his lips in a hushing motion . 
 i nodded . 
 he turned back to the cave entrance , his feet shifting position ever so slightly . 
 i felt something boring into the side of my face . 
 glancing over , i saw rachel glaring at me sadistically , those yellow eyes lit with some private enjoyment . 
 i cowered within my alcove , wishing i could turn into a chameleon and blend into the rock . 
 the pendant , tightly grasped in my hand now , continued to burn hot against my skin . 
 4 . 
 dead is dead so silent was their approach that i was unaware anyone had entered the cave until i heard a new voice . 
 `` why , hello again , amelie ! 
 we did n't expect to see you mobile so soon . '' 
 the man 's tone oozed false kindness . 
 impulsively , i peeked out from behind caden to catch a glimpse of the speaker , figuring the shadows and the glare from the fire would be sufficient cover . 
 all i saw was the back of a snow-white head before caden 's body subtly leaned back , forcing me into full hiding again . 
 `` jethro , '' amelie responded , her tone icy . 
 `` i warned you , i do n't like that river . 
 too murky . '' 
 `` yes , i recall ... i 'm curious about how you escaped , and so quickly ! '' 
 jethro 's voice grew louder and i heard footsteps as the man walked farther into the cave . 
 `` oh , it 's my little secret , '' she responded glibly , as if joking with a friend instead of the man who 'd tried to kill her . 
 `` i 'm sure we can get it out of you . '' 
 jethro 's voice indicated a smile but his words were full of malice . 
 `` i 'm surprised to see another highly esteemed council member here ... rachel , '' he said in greeting . 
 my eyes darted to rachel . 
 she nodded once , undaunted and still exuding confidence ; she was n't afraid of jethro . 
 `` and your brother is uncharacteristically quiet this evening , skulking in the back corner like that . 
 are you hiding something ? '' 
 i pressed further against the wall until the jutting stone hurt my back . 
 `` only his infatuation with me . '' 
 rachel swooped over and wrapped her arms seductively around caden 's waist , skimming her lips across the side of his neck . 
 so they 're together , i realized . 
 despite the urgency of the situation , bitter disappointment coursed through me . 
 caden did n't acknowledge rachel 's affection , though . 
 `` did you think you could walk in here after what you did to my sister ? '' 
 he said through gritted teeth . 
 jethro 's laughter echoed through the cave . 
 i recognized that sound . 
 i had believed it to be my salvation , earlier that night . 
 now that laugh made me want to swallow my tongue in fear . 
 `` that sounds like a threat . 
 amusing . '' 
 the footsteps moved away from us . 
 i had no urge to peek again . 
 `` quite silly of you to start a fire . 
 someone may accidently trip and fall into it . 
 that would be a much more permanent ending than sitting at the bottom of the river , '' jethro mused . 
 a silent warning to amelie , though i did n't see how drowning had a different outcome than burning . 
 dead is dead . 
 `` you know , it was interesting earlier , out by the river , '' jethro said , his voice falsely casual , `` after we chucked you in . 
 we-all of us-sensed a true rarity . 
 a human heartbeat , of all things . '' 
 what ? 
 my face twisted with confusion . 
 `` it must have been wishful thinking , of course ... but it brought back fond memories . 
 i remember ripping one of those tasty morsels right out of a chest once , so quickly that the little thing continued pulsing in my palm . 
 i even showed it to the terrified lemming i had snatched it from before she collapsed to the ground . 
 how i would do anything to hold one of those again ... '' jethro sighed wistfully . 
 as if my poor heart had heard the threat , it began thrashing against my chest , likely trying to grow legs so it could break free and run away before this psychopath could get his hands on it . 
 `` there it is again-that heartbeat ! '' 
 jethro exclaimed in a hiss . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 my stomach lurched . 
 was he referring to my heartbeat ? 
 a hand squeezed my thigh in warning . 
 glancing down , i saw it was caden 's hand , covertly reaching back , attempting to calm me . 
 unfortunately his touch pushed my heart further into overdrive until i was sure it would explode ; it was a thunderous , repetitive boom against my eardrums . 
 the cave , caden , everything began to swirl . 
 i leaned against the wall for support , begging my knees not to buckle . 
 unevenly paced footsteps moved toward us , slowly edging in , taunting . 
 rachel 's arms slid away from caden , who shifted . 
 i knew they were preparing to react . 
 my hands groped forward in desperation , my fingers digging into caden 's back . 
 clenching my teeth together , i fought the urge to let out a blood-curdling shriek . 
 what happened next came in a flash . 
 rachel was no longer beside caden . 
 she was slamming into the opposite wall , the rock crumbling from the impact , surely every bone in her perfect body shattering . 
 i did n't see her collapse to the ground , though ; the demon who now stood in her place had my full attention . 
 i could n't decide which was more sinister-those cold white eyes with their web of tiny blue veins staring down at me , or the creature 's face , so contorted that it pulled his skin back severely against his facial bones . 
 his long hair , also stark white , was tied back in a ponytail that only emphasized the tautness of his skin . 
 he was like some monster out of a horror film , only a hundred times more hideous because he was real . 
 demon , sprang into my mind-something straight from hell . 
 as hard as i struggled to turn away from that repulsive face , it held me riveted . 
 the blood drained from my own face , and my body trembled uncontrollably . 
 i felt as vulnerable as a mouse cornered by a hungry snake . 
 a strange expression passed over the demon 's face . 
 it took me a moment to identify it as shock . 
 `` where did you find her ? '' 
 it hissed , and i recognized the voice as jethro 's . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' caden responded levelly . 
 i glimpsed a springy curl as amelie edged in behind jethro , shifting her weight , ready to react to the impending explosion-an explosion over me , and i had n't the first clue why . 
 `` oh , but it does ! 
 she could lead us to more ... i need to bring her to the council . '' 
 `` and how do you suppose you 'll do that ? '' 
 jethro laughed wickedly . 
 `` do you actually think you 'll walk out of here alive with her ? '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 caden growled . 
 he leaned back to shield me with his body just as jethro lunged forward . 
 i did n't see anything else . 
 i curled up in my hollow , my face buried in my shoulder . 
 growls and shrieks filled the cave . 
 ghastly sounds-bones crunching , flesh tearing-sucked the breath out of my lungs . 
 caden was no longer protecting me . 
 now , exposed , i was an easy target . 
 i winced , waiting for a hand to wrench me out of my hiding place and rip my heart out . 
 but instead , the ferocious brawl died down to an eerie silence and i heard amelie 's voice murmuring in the distance . 
 still afraid to breathe , i lifted my head to peek out around the corner-in time to see a white object sail through the air and land in the fire . 
 jethro 's head . 
 those alarming white eyes stared intently at me from the flames as if still alive . 
 a body followed , quivering violently . 
 if anyone else remained in the cave , i did n't notice . 
 because , for the second time in one night , everything went dark . 
 i woke up as my head slammed into something hard . 
 cringing , i opened my eyes to see the legs of a white chaise and a shaggy cream rug beside a fireplace . 
 i recognized that chaise , that fireplace . 
 i had fallen out of bed in the guest room at viggo and mortimer 's . 
 `` oh , thank god ! '' 
 i exclaimed , crawling back into bed and dropping onto the plush pillows . 
 i winced in pain . 
 reaching up , i found a bump already forming on the side of my head . 
 that was quick . 
 but even the throbbing injury could n't outweigh my relief . 
 it was all just a dream . 
 a horribly bad dream . 
 something wet nuzzled against my ear . 
 i turned toward it and saw max 's enormous black nose . 
 i grinned , scratching his chin . 
 he proceeded to sniff me , head to toe . 
 `` okay , enough max ! '' 
 i giggled when he licked my feet . 
 today was my birthday and i was in paradise . 
 this , i knew , was real . 
 a huge smile stretched across my face . 
 the clock on the nightstand read ten-thirty . 
 i slept in ! 
 i bolted out of bed and ran for the shower . 
 after all , sofie had brought me to new york to work off my ten thousand dollar debt to her and here i was , lazing around . 
 as i stood in the giant tiled shower stall , allowing the numerous jets to drench my body in warmth , my thoughts wandered back to my dream . 
 oddly enough , i could recall every moment with complete clarity-the forest ... the laughter ... rescuing amelie ... caden ... jethro 's head in the fire . 
 i shuddered with that last memory , swiftly replacing it with much more pleasant thoughts-those few brief moments of closeness with caden . 
 butterflies fluttered in my stomach . 
 i immediately felt ridiculous . 
 it 's not like he exists , you moron . 
 it would n't matter if he did . 
 he had rachel . 
 beautiful , seductive , confident rachel . 
 i groaned , leaning my forehead against the iridescent cream tile . 
 even my subconscious is against me . 
 a short time later i entered the kitchen to find sofie sitting gracefully on a stool in the kitchen , magazine in hand . 
 as usual , she looked impeccable in a pair of skinny blue jeans and a patterned black and white shirt . 
 in my new stylish gray jeans and loose-fitting pink sweater , i did n't feel completely inadequate next to her . 
 only marginally . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` i never sleep in-it must have been that comfy bed . '' 
 sofie looked up , relief flashing across her face . 
 `` that 's quite alright . '' 
 her eyes darted to max . 
 `` he 's way smarter than i gave him credit for . '' 
 max glared at me in response , as if understanding . 
 `` good dog , '' i murmured , scratching his chin . 
 seemingly mollified , he ambled over to a bearskin rug by the stone hearth and hunkered down with his brothers . 
 `` she 's awake ! 
 finally , '' mortimer grumbled as he entered the kitchen dressed in a charcoal suit , a folded newspaper under one arm . 
 if he 'd seemed a little annoyed yesterday , today he was downright irritable . 
 maybe he 's not a morning person . 
 i dropped my head in shame and was about to apologize again when viggo walked in , instantly lifting the dark cloud that mortimer had brought . 
 `` happy birthday ! 
 what are you craving this morning , my darling-waffles ; pancakes ; steak and eggs ? 
 it 's been an eternity since i 've cooked for someone , '' viggo offered , snatching up a cast iron pan and flipping it effortlessly around in the air . 
 i glanced at mortimer , wondering if he was n't `` someone . '' 
 `` oh , he does n't like my cooking . 
 says it 's too bland , '' viggo explained , giving mortimer a secretive wink . 
 mortimer rolled his eyes with annoyance . 
 `` coffee would be great , but only if you have a pot made already , '' i said . 
 `` but of course , mademoiselle ! 
 anything for you . 
 leonardo ? '' 
 viggo snapped his fingers . 
 the gentle old man suddenly appeared , shuffling over to an elaborate machine on the counter . 
 `` and i 'll have whatever you 're having , '' i added . 
 `` no needed to go to any extra trouble . '' 
 `` oh , we 've already eaten , '' viggo said , flashing a pearly white smile . 
 `` speaking of which , '' he yanked the newspaper out of mortimer 's grasp , `` sofie , did you see that article on the quadruple homicide in this morning 's newspaper ? 
 japanese mob . 
 they likely deserved it ; however ... a little excessive , would n't you agree ? '' 
 he smiled knowingly at her . 
 he must be a lawyer . 
 bizarre segue , though . 
 why would he - `` besides , '' mortimer interjected , throwing his partner a look of unimpressed shock , `` viggo would n't be cooking . 
 the pan is for theatrical effect . 
 he 's a complete buffoon in the kitchen . 
 he almost burnt it down once and has since been banished . '' 
 `` sadly , that is true , '' viggo admitted , pouting . 
 i giggled , looking around the state-of-the-art kitchen . 
 surely it had to be any chef 's dream , with its industrial-sized stainless steel appliances and stone countertops . 
 `` here you are , dear , '' leonardo said , gently placing a mug of hot coffee in front of me . 
 `` and while you 're deciding on breakfast - '' his other hand magically produced a double-helping slice of chocolate cake , slathered with chocolate icing and colorful sprinkles . 
 nostalgia slapped me across the face , pulling me back to my childhood . 
 my mother used to serve me the same breakfast on my birthdays , sprinkles and all . 
 it had been one of many traditions that died with her . 
 until now . 
 `` i guessed at the flavor . 
 and the sprinkles , '' leonardo quickly admitted . 
 `` that 's what you kids are eating these days , right ? '' 
 i nodded , unable to speak . 
 `` lucky guess , '' mortimer said , fixing sofie with an unreadable stare . 
 sofie sipped her tea , the corners of her mouth turned up in a devious smile . 
 `` how are you feeling , evangeline ? 
 did you sleep well ? '' 
 viggo asked . 
 i faltered , instinctively touching the sizeable bump near my temple . 
 `` yes i did . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` that was n't a convincing response . 
 we can provide you with a different room or bed if you 'd like , '' viggo offered , concerned . 
 `` oh no , the room and the bed are perfect ! 
 it 's ... well , it 's silly . 
 i had a dream . 
 more a nightmare . '' 
 mortimer stiffened in his seat . 
 `` what about ? '' 
 his gruff voice was suddenly two octaves higher than usual . 
 `` it was nothing , really . 
 i was in the woods and there was a drowning . 
 an attempted drowning . '' 
 `` details , please . 
 i 'm somewhat of a dream interpreter , '' viggo said . 
 he leaned against the counter , resting his strong , square jaw in the palm of his hand . 
 `` from the beginning-don ' t leave anything out . 
 you never know what 's important . '' 
 `` alright , i guess , '' i agreed , suddenly self-conscious as the three of them stared intently at me . 
 even max perked his ears . 
 i began describing the forest and the river and quickly found myself pulled back into the stark reality of the night . 
 they interrupted frequently with questions . 
 `` you saw that same statue in your dream ? '' 
 sofie asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` and this ... jethro-he could hear your heartbeat ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` only when it was pounding , i think . '' 
 `` that silver rope-that sounds horrendous ! '' 
 viggo said when i described the flimsy cord that had somehow effectively bound amelie . 
 `` describe these people again , '' mortimer instructed , his expression grim . 
 i described the group a second time , careful not to emphasize my pathetic infatuation with caden , though i 'd have been curious to hear viggo 's interpretation of that part . 
 `` and you 're sure no one ... hurt you in any way ? '' 
 mortimer probed . 
 i shook my head , and remembered the pendant . 
 `` caden said this necklace saved my life somehow . 
 i do n't know ... it was bizarre . '' 
 viggo eyed the pendant . 
 `` did it do anything strange ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 it shimmered in a reddish-orange color . 
 like a sunset . 
 and it was hot . 
 does that mean anything ? '' 
 `` it means you had quite the dream . 
 and you remember it with such clarity , you 'd think it was real , '' mortimer answered , smirking . 
 `` how is that bump ? '' 
 he reached over , his hand roughly stroking the side of my head . 
 i flinched . 
 `` ah-that 's a nasty welt . 
 but you should be all right . 
 we 'll get you a helmet to sleep in . '' 
 he turned away . 
 `` sofie , you and i have some business to attend to . 
 max , why do n't you take evangeline out to the atrium ? '' 
 mortimer 's voice had turned unnaturally light and airy , as if he were hiding something . 
 `` of course , mortimer , '' sofie said , responding with a sweet smile . 
 their eyes exchanged a silent message . 
 5 . 
 veronique `` do you know what sofie needs me to do , max ? '' 
 i asked the giant beast as we strolled along a path in the atrium , my arm hanging over his back . 
 `` no , of course you do n't . 
 i do n't either , but so far , this trip has been one giant fairy tale . '' 
 i stooped to pick a sprig of lavender and inhaled deeply , relishing its comforting fragrance . 
 `` it 's got to end sometime soon , i suppose . 
 i 'm going to miss you , though , max . '' 
 i played with one of his cropped ears . 
 he groaned in response , giving me a quick lick on the cheek . 
 such a deceiving appearance for a big suck . 
 we stopped in front of the white woman . 
 i gazed up at the statue 's face , her expression a mixture of tranquility and anticipation . 
 `` exactly how i feel right now , '' i mumbled to her , sighing . 
 evangeline , someone whispered faintly . 
 i turned to look for the source . 
 i could n't see anyone . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 i asked max , frowning . 
 he began tapping his front paws against the stone , clearly excited . 
 `` what are you so happy about ? '' 
 i asked , confusion deepening my frown . 
 evangeline . 
 `` there ! '' 
 my head whipped around , eyes searching . 
 `` did you hear - '' a loud crash preceded angry shouts . 
 `` one hundred and twenty years , you unreliable witch ! 
 you seem to forget . 
 how much longer ? '' 
 mortimer 's voice boomed . 
 `` i 've told you what i know ! '' 
 sofie shrieked in response . 
 silence . 
 and then i heard doors creak open to my left . 
 `` evangeline ? 
 could you be a doll and come here , please , for a moment ? '' 
 viggo 's voice called . 
 `` coming ! '' 
 i scurried toward his voice , playing the short exchange between mortimer and sofie over in my head . 
 i wonder what that was about ? 
 and why would he call her a witch ? 
 he was brusque , but he seemed too sophisticated to resort to petty name-calling . 
 i found viggo holding open a french door , smiling . 
 `` come , join us in the library . '' 
 nodding politely , i stepped inside . 
 sofie and mortimer sat on opposite ends of a cocoa-hued tucked-leather couch , talking casually , as if they had n't just been screaming obscenities at each other a moment ago . 
 the library was dim , but lamps of various sizes and heights scattered throughout the room gave it a cozy atmosphere . 
 a giant ebony grand piano filled one corner while a full wall of mahogany bookshelves filled another , reaching all the way up to the soaring two-storey ceiling . 
 in between was a fireplace with a large oil painting above it . 
 `` hard to avoid , is n't she ? '' 
 viggo asked , walking over to admire the piece . 
 i followed him . 
 it was a portrait of a young woman with plump auburn curls tumbling midway down her back and framing a heart-shaped face in which olive green eyes twinkled . 
 her smile for the painter was mysterious , and revealed sizeable dimples that reminded me of sofie . 
 `` this was sofie 's sister , veronique . '' 
 was sofie 's sister . 
 past tense . 
 i hazarded a glance at sofie , only to see her staring at the portrait of her sister with admiration . 
 `` she was a real beauty , veronique was , '' mortimer said , adding , `` it 's funny , how different two sisters can be from each other . '' 
 sofie 's lips pursed . 
 `` when was this painting done ? '' 
 i asked , gazing at the woman 's vintage-looking sapphire-blue dress that nearly exposed her br ** sts . 
 they were accentuated nicely with a black heart-shaped pendant identical to mine . 
 instinctively , i reached up to touch the one around my neck . 
 `` so what do you have planned for today , ladies ? '' 
 viggo asked abruptly . 
 my eyes darted to sofie ; i was wondering the same thing . 
 her jaw tightened . 
 before anyone answered , viggo spoke again . 
 `` well , that does n't sound like fun ! 
 why do n't you two go out and do some shopping ? '' 
 `` unfortunately i have several errands i have to run , '' sofie answered briskly . 
 viggo ignored her , pulling a cherry red purse from a drawer and tossing it to me . 
 `` just a gift from us . 
 prada . 
 not available in stores yet . 
 i believe some women have clawed eyes out for one of those . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 you 've already given me too much , '' i stammered , looking down at the bag . 
 it was fat and heavy . 
 full of something . 
 i glanced questioningly at sofie , only to see her glaring at viggo , her eyes narrowed suspiciously . 
 `` open it ! '' 
 viggo ordered , winking . 
 i hesitated . 
 `` go on ! '' 
 i pulled the zipper . 
 like a jack in a box , out popped money-bundles of bills with multiple zeros on their faces . 
 my legs buckled . 
 i grabbed the back of a chair for support before i keeled over . 
 `` are you feeling alright ? '' 
 viggo was by my side in seconds , his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` yes , '' i stammered , `` it 's just ... you 're much too generous . '' 
 `` oh , nonsense . 
 we 're billionaires ! 
 we have wads of cash lying around this place , '' viggo boasted casually . 
 `` yes . 
 this is nothing-loose change , for us . 
 take it and have some fun . 
 we insist , '' mortimer added , standing . 
 `` we 'll just steal more when we 're running low , '' viggo said , chuckling . 
 sofie stood up abruptly , her face and voice a mask of calm . 
 `` evangeline , why do n't you go grab your coat . 
 it 's chilly out . '' 
 she did n't glance in my direction as she spoke , her pale eyes glued to viggo 's face . 
 something was very wrong . 
 `` we can go another time , sofie , if you have other things you need to do . 
 it 's okay , '' i said . 
 an uncomfortably long pause ensued , viggo and sofie exchanging silent looks . 
 then she suddenly turned to me , a brilliant smile on her face . 
 `` nothing is more important than taking you out shopping on your birthday . 
 now go , get ready ! '' 
 i turned to viggo and mortimer . 
 `` i do n't know what to say but thank you-again . '' 
 `` anything for such a sweet girl , my darling , '' viggo said , winking a second time . 
 max-always by my side-took that as his cue . 
 he was back on duty , leading me up to my room with my ridiculous stash of money . 
 was i greedy to accept it ? 
 but how could i say no ? 
 they had practically forced it on me . 
 well , i did n't have to spend it . 
 i would leave it in the nightstand when we left for maine . 
 a maid would eventually find it . 
 an early christmas bonus for her . 
 oe our black town car pulled out of the tunnel around two that afternoon with leo at the wheel and max whining by the gate , eliciting an exasperated look from sofie . 
 as we turned onto a busy street , sofie pointed to a massive forest on its other side . 
 `` that 's central park , right there . '' 
 i 'd been too overwhelmed to notice it the night we arrived . 
 `` wow , it 's so big , '' i murmured . 
 `` maybe we 'll go one day this week . 
 drop us off at saks , will you ? '' 
 sofie instructed leo . 
 `` i ca n't believe viggo and mortimer , with the money . 
 they 're so nice , '' i said . 
 `` yes , it would appear that way , would n't it ? '' 
 sofie said through clenched teeth . 
 then she sighed loudly and , as if that simple act released a mountain of tension , a broad smile splashed across her beautiful face and the fire went out . 
 `` let 's go spend all their hard-earned money . '' 
 the car dropped us off and i followed her into saks like a seven-year-old tailing her mother . 
 `` fifth avenue is the most expensive street in the world for shopping , '' sofie announced . 
 and then she transformed into a human wrecking ball , weaving through the place without caution , casually yanking clothes off the racks and tossing them at me . 
 `` try these on . 
 and i want to see all of them , '' she demanded , the look in her eyes brooking no argument . 
 not that i would argue . 
 i 'd gladly play her dress-up doll if that 's what she wanted . 
 two sales ladies descended upon us , eyes alight with the possibility of large commissions , but froze in their tracks with one venomous look from sofie . 
 i guessed she was n't in the mood for help . 
 with my arms buried under clothes , we headed back to the fitting room , where i spent the next half an hour modeling for sofie . 
 `` i always dreamed of doing this with a daughter , '' sofie sighed , helping me with the zipper of a black evening gown . 
 `` you still can . 
 you 're young . '' 
 sofie laughed sadly . 
 `` there was a time when i dearly longed for two little girls-my dolls . '' 
 it was my first glimpse of sofie as something other than my confident and beautiful boss . 
 by briefly sharing such a personal dream , she became human to me . 
 i desperately needed to see more . 
 `` you still have plenty of time , sofie . '' 
 she smirked but said nothing . 
 `` you just have n't met the right guy yet , '' i continued , defaulting to the universal explanation all females had firmly committed to memory by their early tween years . 
 sofie 's lips pursed . 
 `` i did . 
 the perfect guy . '' 
 she finished with the zipper and turned me to get a look . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` it did n't ... end well . '' 
 she glanced at my pendant before scooping up a pile of clothes and walking toward the cash register . 
 i paid for my purchase with my birthday money , holding my breath as i counted out and laid thousand dollar bills on the counter . 
 we stepped out of the store to find leo waiting with the car . 
 `` let 's drop these bags off in the car and - '' sofie stopped in mid-sentence , her eyes suddenly scanning the street , an apprehensive grimace marring her beautiful face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she did n't respond , still searching . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 `` this way . 
 lots of shops to hit still ! '' 
 she said abruptly , pounding the trunk door twice with her hand . 
 it popped open in response . 
 she tossed her bags in , then turned to stalk toward the next retail victim . 
 hurricane sofie whipped through three more posh stores on a spiteful mission to exhaust every last cent of viggo and mortimer 's money . 
 i noticed her glance out the window several times with that same cautious gleam in her eye but each time i asked , she shrugged it off . 
 `` i really do n't need any more clothes , sofie , '' i said as we stood in front of the fifth clothing store , my arms laden with bags . 
 and i meant it . 
 between what we 'd just purchased and the full closet back at viggo and mortimer 's , i had enough clothing to last me a lifetime . 
 growing up , my mother never had enough money for more than a pair of wranglers and tennis shoes at one time . 
 my foster families were required to ensure i had an adequate selection of clean , hole-free clothing , but there was never enough money to indulge in a pair of designer jeans , let alone go hog wild . 
 this was beyond excessive . 
 `` you 're right , '' she said , her brow furrowing in thought . 
 a devilish smile spread her lips . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 i remained clueless of her intentions until i saw the harry winston sign . 
 jewelry . 
 i groaned . 
 marching in , she headed straight for a counter and turned to me . 
 `` pick something out , evangeline , '' she demanded . 
 i swallowed , gazing down at the display cases full of sparkling jewels . 
 `` i do n't need - '' `` okay , this one . '' 
 she pointed to a diamond bracelet . 
 the clerk rushed to pull it out . 
 `` wrist , '' sofie ordered . 
 i obliged . 
 the clerk slipped on the bracelet . 
 i turned my arm slowly , watching the light reflect off the countless stones . 
 it was stunning . 
 `` how much is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 when the clerk told me i choked , my eyes bugging out of my head in shock . 
 `` get it off ! 
 please ! '' 
 `` we 'll buy it , '' sofie announced . 
 `` sofie ! 
 i do n't need a bracelet ! 
 that could pay for college ! '' 
 my stomach churned as the words left my mouth , the truth of it distressing . 
 it would take me a lifetime to save that kind of money . 
 she ignored me , wrenching my purse from my arm and pulling out a wad of money . 
 the clerk behind the counter raised an eyebrow but remained quiet , likely calculating his commission . 
 sofie calmly counted out bills-a thick pile of them-with the ease of someone paying for her weekly groceries . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 she said , smiling at the clerk . 
 `` okay , we 're done . '' 
 she handed me the box holding the bracelet . 
 i stared at her , flabbergasted , wondering what this wild woman had done with the reserved , graceful sofie i had met only days ago . 
 surprise flashed in her minty eyes then , and she sighed . 
 `` i must seem a little erratic today , '' she murmured , smiling sheepishly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just ... you deserve a hundred times more than anything viggo and mortimer could ever buy you . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand - '' she cut me off , grabbing hold of my arm . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she led me out the door . 
 i clutched the box with the bracelet to my chest with my free hand , visions of a mugger waiting to pounce and steal it playing through my head . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 sofie asked . 
 `` why do n't we just window shop for a bit ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 you 've won ! 
 you 've punished viggo and mortimer for whatever they did to you . 
 but sofie had n't even heard me . 
 she was busy scanning the pedestrians and cars along fifth avenue yet again . 
 wearing that look again . 
 `` what 's wrong , sofie ? '' 
 silence . 
 i watched quietly as her expression turned from suspicion to comprehension to fury . 
 `` come , '' she suddenly said , hooking onto my arm and tugging me forward . 
 `` i 'm tired . 
 it 's time to go home . '' 
 she practically threw me into the car . 
 `` home . 
 now , '' she ordered leonardo . 
 the wheels squealed as we cut into traffic and raced off , earning several angry blasts from horns . 
 `` leonardo , please help evangeline with her things , '' sofie called out over her shoulder , marching through the red doors at viggo and mortimer 's expansive abode . 
 `` viggo ! '' 
 i heard her yell . 
 max galloped over to stand by my side while i stared after sofie , my head still spinning from the chaotic afternoon with her . 
 i turned to see leonardo struggling with countless shopping bags , not at all ruffled by sofie 's dark mood . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 i ran over , grabbing the bags out of his hands . 
 the sound of glass breaking and sofie 's shrill voice stopped me in my tracks . 
 `` someone 's watching us ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 silence followed , presumably while viggo tried to calm her . 
 it did n't work . 
 `` do you think this is another one of your games ? 
 do you realize what 's at stake ? '' 
 `` come , miss evangeline . 
 you must be hungry . '' 
 leonardo grabbed my arm . 
 he pulled me into the building with more strength than i expected from the old man . 
 max followed , practically glued to my hip . 
 `` what 's going on , leonardo ? '' 
 i whispered , but the old man did n't answer . 
 maybe he did n't hear me . 
 i opened my mouth to repeat the question but decided against it . 
 i was probably better off not knowing . 
 i sat quietly at the counter as magda , the heavy russian cook , placed a bowl of stew in front of me . 
 `` you eat now , '' she commanded in broken english . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she nodded once , unsmiling , and marched back to the stove to stir the contents of a giant pot . 
 despite sofie 's screams and my growing agitation , i was famished ; i dove in with reckless abandon , shoveling a spoon filled with gravy and a chunk of meat into my mouth . 
 `` oh , good ! 
 you 've found food ! '' 
 startled , i dropped my fork . 
 it clattered loudly against my plate . 
 `` so sorry to scare , darling , '' viggo apologized , placing a cool hand on my shoulder . 
 `` did you have fun today ? '' 
 i nodded , my mouth full . 
 `` we have a special surprise for you , '' viggo continued . 
 `` when you 're finished , go get dressed . 
 there 's a dress hanging on the door of your closet . 
 we leave at seven o'clock . 
 meet in the atrium . '' 
 with that , viggo vanished , leaving me chewing my stew , and very curious . 
 `` what were you thinking , viggo ? '' 
 i mumbled , standing in front of a full-length mirror in my room , studying the clingy green satin dress . 
 pivoting slightly , i watched as the satin separated to reveal my upper thigh . 
 as if that were n't risque enough , the dress was completely backless , exposing my pale white skin . 
 a lot of pale white skin , all the more obvious next to the vibrant jade hue of the dress . 
 that color ... it brought me back to caden 's piercing jade eyes . 
 i closed my eyes then , trying to recall the intensity of them , the way my skin tingled under their gaze . 
 how vulnerable i 'd felt with his tall , muscular body towering over me . 
 if only he were real . 
 silly girl . 
 i gave my head a shake back to reality and took one last long look at myself . 
 the plunging neckline left little to the imagination but at least it served as the ideal frame for my pendant . 
 grabbing a white fur stole , i headed out the door . 
 the trip down the long hall gave me ample opportunity to improve my walking skills in the matching jade three-inch heels . 
 realizing that walking in these things was a hundred times harder than it looked-and it looked impossible-i settled on trying not to look like a gorilla on stilts as i made my way to the atrium . 
 sofie was waiting for me in a black strapless evening dress . 
 i could n't help gawking as she glided ghost-like toward me , the soft layers of chiffon swaying with her movements , looking every bit the actress on a red carpet . 
 `` you look like ... '' sofie began before dropping off . 
 `` someone i knew , '' she finished with a wistful smile , her eyes twinkling as she reached out to me . 
 `` now that 's how a woman of your natural beauty ought to dress , '' viggo called . 
 blushing , i turned to see him skipping down the steps two at a time , clad in a black tuxedo . 
 `` sofie , '' he acknowledged with a nod and a smile , which she returned . 
 i guessed they had reconciled . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 viggo said , offering his arm . 
 i accepted , giggling shyly . 
 `` where 's mortimer ? '' 
 i asked tentatively as we walked through the garden . 
 `` oh , he has a previous engagement so it 'll just be us three , '' viggo answered , smiling . 
 my shoulders dropped in relief . 
 i did n't know why , but i was nervous around viggo 's somber partner . 
 viggo was just so much more easygoing and friendly . 
 we reached the other side of the garden to find leonardo holding open the door of a rolls royce . 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` miss evangeline . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i slid awkwardly into the car , trying to keep all the slits and gaps of my dress in place . 
 viggo and sofie took a seat on either side of me , sandwiching me in the middle . 
 in seconds we were pulling into the exit tunnel , passing max and the other dogs sitting on their haunches , guarding their fortress . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i exclaimed in a rare burst of childlike gaiety as the rolls pulled up to the curb in front of the theater . 
 viggo laughed as he slipped out of the car in one fluid motion , then offered me his hand . 
 even sofie 's smile looked giddy in response to my reaction . 
 `` romeo and juliet was my mother 's favorite story , '' i said , gazing up at the marquee . 
 in truth , it had been a staple in my bedtime routine , growing up . 
 my mother , the hopeless romantic , referred to it as a fairy tale . 
 it was n't until years later that i learned fairy tales did n't usually end with the main characters dying . 
 `` then you 're in for a treat , '' viggo said as we walked toward heavy , ornately carved bronze doors . 
 `` you look like a hunchback . 
 stop skulking and stand up straight , '' sofie murmured , looping her arm in mine . 
 viggo immediately grabbed the other one , pulling me closer to him . 
 sofie tightened her grip . 
 i was beginning to feel like the rope in a tug-of-war as we made our way into the lavishly decorated theater . 
 the lobby was vacant . 
 `` we 're late ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 viggo smiled , winking mysteriously . 
 a lanky usher dressed in an intricately beaded suit appeared to personally guide us to our seats , a box near the stage . 
 `` so this is what a theater looks like , '' i murmured , taking in the splendid green , blue , and gold decor . 
 five levels of box seats adorned with fleur-des-lis and gold-plated cherubs wrapped three walls of the theater , overlooking a deep orchestra pit and floor seating before a curtained stage . 
 i looked up to see a giant mural painted in vibrant hues on the ceiling . 
 `` if you ever have the chance , visit the theatre of the estates in prague . 
 this place was designed with it in mind , '' viggo said . 
 if i ever get to visit europe , i thought wistfully , but i kept quiet . 
 i 'd likely be on the jet there tomorrow if i sounded at all deprived . 
 the lights dimmed as soon as we sat down , indicating that the show was about to begin . 
 it was as if they had waited for our arrival . 
 the audience hushed as the conductor stood , baton raised . 
 he was so close-close enough that i could poke him with a stick if i wanted to ! 
 butterflies fluttered in my stomach . 
 this was my first real play in a real theater with real actors . 
 i fanned through the pages of the program , curious who the actors were , expecting not to recognize any names . 
 and i did n't , except for one . 
 it jumped out immediately-the producer . 
 viggo . 
 no last name . 
 just viggo . 
 `` is this ... you ? '' 
 i asked , pointing out the name . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i like to dabble in the arts . 
 this theme holds a special place in my ... heart . '' 
 `` what exactly does ` producer ' mean ? '' 
 `` it means he told somebody what he wanted and threw obscene amounts of money at them to do it , '' sofie replied cynically . 
 `` he 's good at that . '' 
 viggo chuckled but i thought i sensed contempt . 
 `` i built this theater and i wrote the play . '' 
 my eyes widened in amazement . 
 he 's a lawyer and a playwright ! 
 the curtain parted , and the heart-wrenching story of romeo and juliet , the star-crossed lovers , doomed from the beginning by their opposing family ties , began as i remembered . 
 the actors sobbed and moaned dramatically . 
 the orchestra played soft music with perfectly balanced undertones of melancholy and longing . 
 it was exactly as i had always pictured the story in my head . 
 right up until juliet , traveling along a wooded trail alone at night for some unknown reason , was dragged out of her coach and bitten in the neck by a male attacker . 
 `` i do n't remember this part , '' i whispered , my brow furrowing . 
 both viggo and sofie burst out laughing , earning a hush from the woman in the box next to us . 
 `` sorry , '' sofie offered politely . 
 she tapped the program where it said `` an adaptation . '' 
 `` oh ... that 's what that meant , '' i mumbled . 
 they laughed again , receiving another warning in the form of a sharp hiss from the same woman . 
 sofie turned to regard her . 
 i could n't see her face but whatever look she gave must have had the desired effect , because the woman shrank into her seat , practically disappearing from view for the rest of the show . 
 i was beginning to see another side to sofie 's reserved , charming demeanor . 
 from there , the play took on a much darker , more seductive tone . 
 juliet , now a vampire , was torn between her absolute love for romeo and her newfound urge to kill him whenever he was near . 
 romeo longed to join her in the world of the undead but because of a curse was unable . 
 the story was full of scheming , supernatural strength and mind-bending tricks and , by the end of the play , their feuding families were the least of their problems . 
 the story finished with juliet accidently killing romeo and then jumping into a fire to end her eternal misery . 
 `` so , how did you like it ? '' 
 viggo asked , stretching out in the car on our way home . 
 `` amazing . 
 disturbing . 
 heartbreaking . 
 an interesting ` adaptation . ' 
 bravo , viggo ! '' 
 i ended with a scholarly clap , giggling . 
 `` how did you come up with the idea ? '' 
 `` oh , i have a deep fascination with vampires . 
 they 're such misunderstood creatures , do n't you agree ? '' 
 he said , his voice somber . 
 i paused . 
 `` well , i doubt they 'd be like that ... you know , beautiful and emotional . 
 are n't they supposed to be evil , blood-crazy creatures with stained , dirty nails and vile breath ? 
 you know-bats and coffins ? '' 
 `` what a terrible misconception , '' viggo said , shaking his head furiously , his brow furrowed . 
 `` in my opinion , '' he added . 
 `` but they kill people ; we 're like giant drinking boxes . '' 
 `` well , they need to survive ! 
 i do n't suppose pigs and cows look too fondly at humans . 
 it 's the same thing ! 
 a little earlier in the food preparation process perhaps , '' viggo rationalized . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 he had a point , i guess . 
 `` and imagine what it would be like to have heightened senses and super-human strength . '' 
 `` that would be pretty cool , '' i agreed . 
 `` what do you think , sofie ? '' 
 she had n't joined in the conversation , instead gazing listlessly out at the streetlights . 
 `` it would be lonely , '' she answered now , her voice flat . 
 `` everyone around you dies and you live forever . '' 
 `` well , that 's why you 'd turn those you loved , so you could be with them . 
 right ? '' 
 i said . 
 sofie turned to give me a tight-lipped smile . 
 `` it sounds so simple , does n't it ? '' 
 `` unless you ca n't turn them for some reason , '' viggo added , sadness dragging at his features . 
 `` because of a curse . '' 
 `` right ... and then all the super powers would n't change the reality that you 're the loneliest creature in the world , '' i whispered . 
 `` that would be awful . '' 
 viggo 's mouth curved up in a half-smile and he patted my hand affectionately . 
 `` yes , it would . 
 no one deserves to live like that , do n't you agree ? 
 so lonely ? '' 
 i nodded , thinking about my own solitary existence . 
 am i that obvious ? 
 sofie turned back to gaze out her side window . 
 the rest of the car ride was silent . 
 it was close to midnight by the time i staggered to my room , max on my heels . 
 i sluggishly kicked off my heels and flopped onto the bed , exhausted from a day of decadence . 
 even with all the fighting between sofie and her friends , i could easily get used to living my days in their world . 
 i briefly considered pulling my weary body up to undress and get ready for bed , but i drifted off to asleep before i could act on it , faintly aware of a burning heat against the skin of my chest . 
 6 . 
 deja vu this feels too familiar . 
 the same statue stood beside me . 
 the same trees towered over me . 
 the same twilight challenged my eyes . 
 the only thing worse than last night 's dream would be last night 's dream repeating itself . 
 i looked down to see my jade green evening gown . 
 that was different , at least . 
 my pendant had come alive again , burning hot and shining a brilliant orange-red . 
 `` we 've been waiting for you , '' a low voice called from the darkness . 
 my body went rigid . 
 my eyes scanned the trees for the speaker . 
 i sagged in relief as a woman with an angelic face and springy curls stepped out from the shadows . 
 amelie . 
 this was a different dream . 
 `` we 're alone , '' amelie confirmed when she noticed my eyes checking the trees for the others . 
 `` sorry about last time ... we did n't have much choice . 
 though i ca n't say i did n't enjoy part of it . '' 
 she grinned sheepishly . 
 `` you are ... an apparition of sorts . 
 i 'll explain later , but we need to get away from here . '' 
 she stepped forward , then hesitated . 
 `` sorry about this . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i regained consciousness as my bare feet hit stone . 
 full darkness had descended and i could n't see a thing . 
 `` amelie ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` sorry , '' amelie said again . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 `` nothing , really . 
 it was just easier if i did n't have to explain things yet . 
 besides , it would have taken all night at your pace , '' amelie said , evading my question . 
 `` plus you probably would have tripped and knocked yourself out on a tree root again . '' 
 `` i 'm not that slow , '' i muttered , reaching up to touch the bump on my head from the previous night . 
 i had excelled at track in high school . 
 the perfect loner 's sport . 
 amelie laughed . 
 `` you are , next to me . 
 besides , i 'd like to see you run through the woods and up a mountain in that , '' her eyes appraised my dress . 
 i pursed my lips , conceding to her logic . 
 `` come on , let 's build you a fire . 
 you 're shivering . '' 
 she grabbed my hand and began leading me through the darkness . 
 `` how can you see anything ? '' 
 i asked incredulously . 
 `` i have great eyesight , '' she answered simply . 
 `` stay right there . '' 
 `` where am i gon na go ? '' 
 i mumbled , wrapping my arms around my chest . 
 i heard a harsh scraping sound , like stone striking metal , then a flame suddenly appeared . 
 i watched as it floated through the darkness , sparking other flames as it moved until dozens of little fires lit the space around me . 
 the torchlight revealed we were in another cave , this one much larger than the one last night-its ceiling invisible from where i stood . 
 it was empty except for a few cast iron park benches arranged around a circle of stones . 
 a perfectly-formed teepee of wood , dried grass , and miscellaneous shreddings was piled within . 
 a firepit . 
 a new one , given the lack of ash . 
 on the other side of the cave , three tunnel openings led into oblivion . 
 `` you 'll be safe here for the time being , '' amelie offered , walking up to me with a torch in her hand , as i surveyed the place . 
 `` cozy . '' 
 i hugged myself tightly . 
 `` right . 
 a fire . '' 
 amelie strolled over to hold her torch to the teepee . 
 in seconds a roaring fire was blazing . 
 `` you 'll need to come closer to feel the heat , '' she said , giggling cheerily . 
 i walked over to sit on one of the benches . 
 a worn piece of metal lay where the wooden slats of a normal park bench seat had rotted away . 
 i awkwardly sat down , trying to avoid the sharp corners on the metal , afraid of tearing my dress or cutting myself . 
 amelie slid in easily beside me , seemingly unconcerned about injury . 
 `` i love your dress . '' 
 she reached out and lightly touched the silky material with her fingertips . 
 `` thanks . 
 i was wearing this tonight when i fell asleep , '' i responded . 
 and then it hit me and i began laughing . 
 `` why is that funny ? '' 
 amelie asked , confused . 
 `` because i 'm worried about tearing my dress on this bench ! '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` as you should be-it 's a pretty dress . '' 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 i 'm dreaming . 
 this cave , this fire , you-it 's fake . 
 i know that , and yet here i am , worried about my dress ! '' 
 `` you think you 're dreaming , '' amelie said slowly . 
 `` no . 
 i know i 'm dreaming . 
 last night i went to sleep , dreamed about you guys , then woke up in my bed-right after you threw that man 's headless body into the fire . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` last night ... ? '' 
 amelie repeated , looking perplexed . 
 `` maybe you did wake up in your own bed but , here , you disappeared into thin air . 
 and it was n't last night . 
 you 've been gone for over a month . '' 
 her tone and her expression were so convincing that it was a struggle not to believe her . 
 a puff of wind cooled my shoulder . 
 i turned to see bishop and fiona sitting on the next bench ; the unexpected and freakishly quiet entry made me jump . 
 `` finally ! '' 
 bishop said by way of greeting , his charcoal eyes twinkling . 
 `` you took your time coming back . '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 amelie asked them quietly . 
 bishop shrugged , a serious look flickering over his face . 
 `` hopefully rachel will prove useful . '' 
 all three turned to me now , dismissing their secret concern . 
 `` so , how does it work ? '' 
 bishop asked eagerly . 
 i frowned . 
 `` evangeline was just telling me how she thinks this is all a dream and we are figments of her imagination , '' amelie said , her eyebrows raised . 
 bishop roared with laughter . 
 `` you think you 're dreaming ? '' 
 fiona cuffed him sharply upside the head , the slap echoing through the cave . 
 it did n't appear to hurt him in the least , though he looked unimpressed . 
 `` you 'll swear it 's a nightmare , soon enough , '' he muttered , standing up and stalking out of the cave . 
 `` ignore him , he has an odd sense of humor , '' fiona apologized in that smoky voice , offering me a pleasant smile . 
 `` so why are you dressed up ? '' 
 amelie said , chucking another log into the fire . 
 `` i was about to ask , '' fiona murmured , adding , `` it 's gorgeous ! '' 
 her long , slender fingers reached out and caressed the material , as amelie had . 
 `` it 's been so long ... '' i glanced at their frayed clothing but averted my gaze politely . 
 they both laughed . 
 `` we look homeless , do n't we ? '' 
 amelie said , holding the corners of her tattered shirt up with beautifully manicured nails . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 but of course-this is a dream ! 
 `` is n't evangeline lovely ? '' 
 amelie suddenly asked someone behind me . 
 i turned my head to see caden standing a few feet away , his piercing green eyes on me . 
 my heart skipped a few beats . 
 `` hi , '' i managed to sputter , feeling heat creep up my neck to engulf my cheeks . 
 `` you 're wearing slightly more than last time , '' he observed , his mouth curving in a tiny smile . 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 i felt a second wave of embarrassment flare , remembering that obscene outfit . 
 now here i was , barely covered again . 
 `` my birthday . '' 
 `` oh , i love birthdays ! 
 how old are you now ? '' 
 amelie asked gleefully . 
 `` eighteen . '' 
 `` to be eighteen again , '' she sang dramatically , tilting her head back , her eyes closing as she reminisced . 
 i frowned , looking at her childish face . 
 she 's not a day over sixteen , is she ? 
 she clapped her hands together in small , quick taps , a mischievous grin on her face . 
 `` oh , goody ! 
 you do n't believe me ! 
 how old do you think i am ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` i do n't know ... nineteen ? '' 
 `` nope ! 
 guess again ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed , her face bright with amusement . 
 `` okay ... um , twenty ? '' 
 she shook her head , giggling wildly . 
 this did n't seem like much of a game . 
 `` i give up ! '' 
 `` well ... i 'm not exactly sure . 
 but , if we 've been keeping accurate track of time , i 'd say i 'm about 752 , give or take a decade . '' 
 i frowned , biting my lower lip . 
 `` i do n't get it . '' 
 `` we 're sorry , evangeline . 
 this is n't as much fun for you as it is for amelie , '' fiona apologized , her face softening with a sympathetic smile . 
 `` humans never did find this game fun , '' amelie said with a pout , her springy curls bobbing . 
 humans ? 
 i stared blankly at her . 
 `` have n't you figured it out yet ? 
 what we are ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i glanced at the others ' solemn expressions . 
 if they are n't humans , what could they be ? 
 it hit me then . 
 i started laughing . 
 `` of course ! 
 you 're vampires ! '' 
 viggo 's twisted adaptation was still fresh in my mind , and now in my dreams . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you , i promise ! '' 
 amelie said earnestly , dropping to her knees in front of me to hold my hands . 
 `` we just want to be friends . '' 
 her eyes darted to caden , who was watching me with a concerned expression . 
 i noticed bishop beside him ; he must have snuck back in at some point . 
 `` of course ! 
 you are , '' i was on my feet now , replaying viggo 's conversation , `` beautiful , emotional creatures . 
 misunderstood . '' 
 i paced around the fire . 
 `` and you want to be friends , right ? 
 with quiet , meek evangeline , who has no friends . 
 people do n't even notice me . 
 but you - '' my arm swept around the circle in rare dramatic flair '' - all you want to do is protect me . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` so this is how things manifest into dreams , '' i mused , more to myself . 
 the events from the day were merging with my ... what ? 
 deep inner fears of loneliness , perhaps ? 
 forcing them to the surface in this fantasy of super-powered beings . 
 i stopped pacing in front of caden . 
 `` and you . '' 
 i walked up to him . 
 `` of course you 're in my dream . 
 no guy has ever even so much as blinked in my direction . 
 and here you are , so perfect , and beautiful , and sweet ... '' caden 's eyes widened in surprise . 
 `` when i see you , i want to ... '' i did n't know how to finish the sentence . 
 luckily i did n't have to , as rachel suddenly appeared out of thin air to wrap possessive arms around caden 's waist . 
 his arm quickly found its place around her shoulder , albeit stiffly . 
 a vile bitterness bubbled up in me . 
 `` and of course you 're dating the gorgeous but trashy girlfriend that i could never compete with . 
 typical . 
 is this what you like ? '' 
 i blurted at caden , gesturing callously at rachel . 
 `` she 's not a very nice person , you know . '' 
 bishop 's head fell back and he barked laughter . 
 `` clearly i 've missed an interesting conversation , '' rachel said , smiling haughtily at me . 
 her voice did n't carry the same hostility as the previous night . 
 it was sickly sweet and therefore no more pleasant . 
 `` and i would love to hear the rest of this tirade of yours . 
 however , we have visitors that i was n't able to deter . 
 eight of them . '' 
 `` great ! 
 invite them in ! '' 
 i said , throwing my hands up in the air . 
 `` another one of those monsters , maybe ? 
 is that supposed to represent my ugly inner demon ? '' 
 rachel turned to caden , grimacing . 
 `` has she lost it ? '' 
 `` let 's play it cool , '' caden suggested , ignoring both of us . 
 `` and maybe we should get her out of here , '' fiona added , eyeing me warily . 
 caden 's hand-silky smooth and on the cool side-latched onto mine , sending a frisson through my body . 
 he tugged me after him , running toward one of the tunnels and pulling me with him into the blackness . 
 i ran blindly , unable to see in the darkness , until my foot snagged on something hard and i stumbled , smashing my shoulder against the wall . 
 i yelped in pain . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 caden hissed , but followed that with an apology . 
 `` how can you see ? '' 
 i grated through my teeth , rubbing at the burning pain in my shoulder . 
 he did n't answer . 
 instead , he hoisted me up by one arm and continued running . 
 my pain instantly vanished , as if his closeness had injected me with a shot of morphine . 
 finally he stopped running and set me down gently . 
 he shoved something soft into my hands . 
 `` put those on , '' caden instructed in a whisper . 
 `` put what on ? '' 
 he mumbled something incoherent . 
 seconds later a flickering torch illuminated a tiny , low-ceilinged cave . 
 `` change , please , '' he whispered urgently , turning to face the exit . 
 i could sense the apprehension in his voice . 
 it was all too familiar from the other night . 
 i looked down at my hands , which held a ratty pair of pants and a shirt similar to what amelie and fiona wore . 
 they 're disguising me . 
 okay , i 'll play along . 
 i pulled on the pants . 
 unclasping my dress 's neck strap , i let the dress drop noiselessly to the ground , wishing it had allowed for a bra . 
 i had my arms through the sleeves of the shirt and was about to pull it over my head when caden 's body suddenly crushed mine against the cave wall , his arms wrapping around me in a tight embrace . 
 `` just go along , '' he whispered in my ear , close enough that his bottom lip grazed my earlobe , sending ticklish shivers through my body . 
 and then he was kissing me . 
 i had only ever kissed a boy once in my life-a chubby , awkward fourteen-year-old named stewart who was staying in the same foster home as me . 
 the kiss had been the result of a lost bet . 
 it had been a dreadful , open-mouthed fish kiss and i was sure he would swallow my tongue whole . 
 even i-unseasoned in the make-out department-recognized that stewart was n't going to get far with the ladies without vast improvement . 
 this kiss was nothing like that . 
 it began soft and inviting , only to intensify into urgency . 
 caden knew what he was doing . 
 please do n't wake up right now ! 
 i pleaded with my subconscious , enjoying this too much . 
 `` who 's back here ? '' 
 a voice called . 
 caden 's grip around me tightened . 
 his lips slid off mine as he guided my face into his strong , broad chest , away from the voice . 
 i was relieved that my half-dressed body was well hidden against his . 
 `` do you mind ? 
 we 're busy , '' caden spat toward the voice . 
 `` indeed , '' another voice said . 
 `` we 're looking for jethro . 
 these are his caves . 
 you would n't happen to know where he 's disappeared to ? '' 
 the lilt in his voice screamed suspicion . 
 `` do n't know . 
 this place was vacant when we stumbled across it a few weeks ago , '' caden replied , his tone icy . 
 `` that 's odd ... jethro 's occupied these mountains since the war . 
 i 'm surprised he would abandon them . '' 
 war ? 
 my palms began sweating at the mention of jethro , the image of those cold , spidery eyes clear in my memory . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i guess they needed a change , '' caden answered , turning to caress my cheek with his cold nose , feigning ignorance . 
 another shiver ran through my body . 
 `` what 's with all the torches around here ? '' 
 a second male voice said . 
 `` you planning on burning someone ? '' 
 i tensed up . 
 caden 's arms gripped my body more securely . 
 a warning squeeze . 
 `` we like firelight . 
 now beat it , unless you wan na watch , '' caden said , his lips now running along the side of my neck , as if he were dismissing the two men . 
 my knees buckled but he was prepared for my reaction , holding me upright . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 one of them suddenly hissed . 
 caden pivoted smoothly , turning so i was completely hidden from them . 
 the dress , i thought , panicking . 
 i scanned the cave floor but could n't see any green satin . 
 `` it 's called foreplay . 
 if you do n't know what comes next , i suggest you go find someone to teach you . 
 the council has a bunch of prepubescent girls to practice on . '' 
 caden smirked , acting nonchalant , trying to steer them away from whatever they had noticed . 
 it did n't work . 
 `` it looked like a wound . '' 
 my eyes instinctively darted to the raw , reddened skin on my shoulder where i 'd hit the cave wall . 
 why would that matter ? 
 `` you must be seeing things . '' 
 caden 's voice was light and humorous . 
 there was a pause . 
 i thought his efforts had paid off . 
 they may have , had the sounds from a violent commotion not drifted in from the main room just then . 
 `` do n't - '' caden growled , but he did n't have a chance to finish before being wrenched from me and launched across the room . 
 a tall man took three quick strides to stand in front of me , his hand reaching out to roughly grip my arm as he inspected my shoulder . 
 his steely blue eyes searched my face , stopping briefly at the light sheen of sweat on my forehead before locking with my own terrified eyes . 
 with his short , strawberry-blonde hair and chiseled face , i would have considered him attractive had he not been looking at me predatorily . 
 he let out a low whistle . 
 `` i 'm seeing it but surely i do n't believe it . '' 
 he inhaled deeply . 
 `` i ca n't smell it . '' 
 he paused in thought . 
 `` where have you been hiding , little one ? '' 
 i bit my lip and remained silent , though i doubt i could have formed two words , had i wanted to . 
 `` do n't hurt her , '' caden grunted . 
 `` she can lead us to more . '' 
 i glanced over to see him pinned beneath an ape-like fellow with no neck , the kind who spends more time in the gym than sleeping . 
 `` oh , i would never hurt you , trust me , '' the man crooned innocently to me , his voice so soothing that my body intuitively relaxed , wanting to trust him . 
 he reached up to grip my chin with his thumb and index finger , effortlessly pushing my head back until i could n't see anything but the cave ceiling . 
 i sensed him leaning in . 
 oh god , he 's going to kiss me . 
 and then probably rape me . 
 i cringed . 
 and then i felt pain . 
 sharp , stabbing pain as something pierced my exposed neck . 
 my mouth opened to scream but only a gurgle escaped . 
 i struggled to break free , swinging my arms in defense , but every move sent jolts of acute pain through my body , as if i were snagged on a barbwire fence . 
 i stopped fighting . 
 the ceiling began spinning as dizziness set in and my body slackened . 
 soon my arms hung limply at my sides . 
 the pain finally dulled to an uncomfortable pressure . 
 only then did i sense the extreme burning sensation against my chest . 
 `` stop . 
 please , '' i heard caden plead . 
 `` you 'll kill her before we find out where she 's been hiding , '' someone else-it had to be the ape man-warned . 
 the pressure continued . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the ape man shouted more sharply a few moments later . 
 the pressure subsided as my attacker stopped whatever he was doing to me . 
 he held my body up as my head lolled back . 
 i did n't have the strength to lift it anymore . 
 `` strange . 
 her blood does n't taste like anything , '' i heard my attacker say , followed by , `` she 'll cooperate more as one of us . '' 
 his voice seemed distant , even though he was standing right next to me . 
 everything seemed distant . 
 and then i felt that uncomfortable pressure again . 
 this time a new sensation came with it , like an inoculation pumping something into me to snake through my veins . 
 it carried a warm , numbing tingle through my limbs . 
 what can it be ... poison ? 
 something sharp and blistering hot suddenly stabbed me in the chest . 
 i moaned feebly , all i could muster . 
 seconds later i was falling ; my body hit the ground like a rag doll at the same time that i heard a skin-peeling shriek . 
 was that me screaming ? 
 no , it came from beside me . 
 caden ! 
 i struggled to turn my head . 
 my attacker was convulsing on the cave floor like an epileptic . 
 `` you alright ? '' 
 a voice called . 
 another screech sounded . 
 the cave plunged into complete darkness . 
 i faded in and out of consciousness , unable to move , my breathing strained and irregular . 
 i had no idea how much time had passed since the lights went out-seconds ? 
 hours ? 
 only silence and darkness surrounded me . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 i finally whispered , my voice feeble . 
 `` shhh ... it 's over , '' a deep , soothing voice murmured . 
 something cool stroked my cheek . 
 a hand , i think . 
 i felt my body shift slightly and then i was being cradled in arms-warm , protective arms . 
 caden 's arms . 
 `` what ... happened ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're going to be okay , '' caden said , his hand tenderly cupping my chin , followed quietly by , `` please be okay . '' 
 his thumb caressed the corner of my mouth . 
 `` i 'm ... cold . '' 
 `` here . 
 let me help you . '' 
 there was a gentle tugging as something slid over my head-my shirt . 
 oh , right . 
 i was only half-dressed . 
 why was i only ... oh right . 
 `` sorry about earlier . 
 you were too slow . 
 it was the only thing i could think of , '' he apologized softly . 
 my lips crooked into a tiny smile as i recalled that incredible kiss . 
 the smile only lasted until i remembered the excruciating pain that had followed . 
 `` there 's a hole ... in my chest ... it was on fire , '' i croaked . 
 caden 's hands fumbled with my shirt , his fingertips gently inspecting me , careful not to expose or touch anything inappropriate . 
 it sent a quiver through my limp , weak carcass of a body . 
 my heart began to wallop against my chest wall , as if in its last-ditch effort before handing in its resignation . 
 `` no holes . 
 no fire , '' caden confirmed gently . 
 `` what did he ... do to me ? '' 
 i panted , tears welling up in my eyes . 
 something about blood and the taste , i remembered that much . 
 `` you 're okay , '' he said again . 
 `` i ca n't see . 
 am i blind ? '' 
 i heard amelie 's voice then . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` light , please , '' caden requested softly and in the next instant a torch was burning again . 
 caden looked down at me , worry tarnishing those perfect jade eyes . 
 rolling my head slightly , i saw ape man lying facedown on the ground , another torch jutting out of his back . 
 my attacker lay motionless where i had seen him last , his glassy , unfocused eyes assuring me he was dead . 
 `` where 's rachel ? '' 
 caden quietly asked amelie . 
 `` dealing with the last of them , '' amelie responded levelly , her concerned eyes never leaving me . 
 caden turned back to gaze down at me . 
 despite everything , i sighed . 
 i could happily stay like that forever . 
 he leaned forward , his mouth against my ear . 
 `` do n't tell her . 
 rachel ca n't find out . 
 please . '' 
 i nodded feebly . 
 `` take her for me , '' he whispered to amelie . 
 i felt a slight jostle and then amelie was in caden 's place as my cradler . 
 caden left , dragging the ape man with him . 
 i lay in silence , mulling over his plea . 
 of course rachel could n't find out about the kiss . 
 it would hurt her even if it had n't meant anything . 
 if she had a heart underneath that prickly exterior . 
 highly unlikely . 
 what would she do if she found out ? 
 i did n't want to find out . 
 she seemed like the vicious , jealous type . '' 
 ... and it killed him ? '' 
 i heard rachel saying in her typical detached voice as she strolled in , caden and bishop behind her . 
 bishop grabbed my attacker 's leg and began dragging him away , mumbling , `` let 's just make sure . '' 
 he glanced at me as he passed by , the same worried look on his face that caden and amelie wore . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 fiona asked , crouching down beside me . 
 `` i will be ... when i wake up from this nightmare , '' i whispered . 
 i keep forgetting this is n't real ... she gave me a reassuring smile-a smile that slid from her face when she glanced up at amelie . 
 `` do you think she 'll change ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 change ? 
 does she mean back into my dress ? 
 amelie shrugged . 
 they both looked back down at me again . 
 amelie 's hand grazed my throat . 
 `` it 's so bizarre-all this blood and it could be mud , for all i care , '' she murmured , adding , `` thank god . '' 
 what blood ? 
 `` it 's the pendant . 
 it must be masking it , '' caden said . 
 rachel crouched down to inspect my throat . 
 `` it does n't want her to become one of us . '' 
 those eyes stared at me , in deep thought . 
 `` how did they figure it out ? '' 
 `` a scrape on her shoulder , '' caden was quick to answer . 
 her eyes slid to my shoulder . 
 she frowned . 
 `` where ? 
 i do n't see it . 
 how could they see it ? '' 
 she asked slowly . 
 `` i 'm as shocked as you . '' 
 the lie rolled off caden 's tongue as effortlessly as if it were the truth . 
 i averted my eyes guiltily . 
 as much as i disliked rachel , i hated lying . 
 more importantly , i was terrible at it . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` do you believe us now ? '' 
 believe ... what am i supposed to believe again ? 
 i could n't remember . 
 `` i wonder what her blood tastes like , '' she murmured , eyeing me curiously . 
 `` leave her alone . 
 she needs rest , '' fiona growled , magically producing a cool , wet cloth . 
 she began gently patting my neck . 
 as if her words had given a signal , i drifted off to sleep . 
 i stared vacantly at the plaster swirls on the ceiling above my bed in viggo and mortimer 's room , my body cold and stiff . 
 why do i feel so weak ? 
 am i getting sick ? 
 no . 
 i 'd had plenty of colds and flu bugs . 
 this did n't feel like any of those . 
 max whined , resting his head on my chest , giving my neck a few gentle licks . 
 `` hey boy , '' i whispered , struggling to lift my hand to scratch his head . 
 the clock indicated noon . 
 i 'd slept in . 
 again . 
 i forced my body to sit up , fighting the overpowering urge to curl back up under the covers . 
 i could n't do that . 
 sofie needed me . 
 moaning loudly , i dragged the cozy duvet off my body and gave my eyes a good rub with the heels of my hands to help focus . 
 huh ... the last thing i remembered was lying down in that gorgeous green satin gown . 
 when did i put on these old sweats ? 
 7 . 
 crazy ? 
 i staggered to the bathroom in a daze , my eyes barely cracked . 
 shrugging off the mysterious sweats without giving them another thought , i stepped into the shower stall . 
 i intentionally turned the faucet to cold and let frigid water stream down my body until it was borderline torturous , hoping that would wake me up . 
 it helped , marginally . 
 fumbling with the tap , i leaned my forehead against the tile , reveling in warmth , waiting to come alive . 
 my shoulder began to sting . 
 peering down at a sizeable scrape on my shoulder , i cringed . 
 where did i get that ? 
 i wondered , wracking my brain . 
 the cave . 
 caden . 
 the attack . 
 it hit me like a speeding train-a wave of recognition as everything from the night suddenly pulsed into my head at once , the flood of memories overwhelming . 
 i pushed on the glass door and stumbled out of the shower , dropping to the cold tile floor before faintness could drive me down . 
 but , that had been a dream . 
 the attack . 
 my hand trembled as it reached for my throat . 
 i sensed the wounds as soon as my fingertips grazed the area . 
 working up the courage to stand and face the mirror , i immediately spotted two distinct round marks across my jugular . 
 bite marks . 
 i stared at my reflection as if expecting it to talk back to me , to provide some rational explanation , something other than the obvious . 
 that i had lost my mind . 
 there has to be a reasonable explanation . 
 my brain churned frantically , searching for a thread of logic to grasp . 
 maybe i changed before going to bed last night and i just do n't remember . 
 i did bump my head on the bedpost , after all . 
 i could have amnesia . 
 that i had incorporated these old sweats into my dream was coincidence . 
 though i did n't know where the clothes came from . 
 leonardo would n't have bought these for me . 
 one of the maids must have accidently left her laundry in my room . 
 what about the scrape on my shoulder , how could i explain that ? 
 i must have banged my shoulder on something in the middle of the night . 
 maybe i was on my way to the bathroom . 
 that could do it . 
 and the bite marks on my neck ? 
 max must have bit me . 
 he has fangs . 
 i knew that dog was odd . 
 but why would he bite me ? 
 why would anyone bite me ? 
 a vampire would bite me ... a tornado of explanations whirled around inside my head , none of them plausible , all of them creating more questions than answers . 
 a trick . 
 maybe this is a prank . 
 a game . 
 vampires . 
 vampires and games . 
 sofie 's screams from the other day rang in my memory : `` do you think this is another one of your games ? '' 
 she had said to viggo . 
 my eyes widened suddenly as i put two and two together . 
 could they be drugging me and dropping me off across the street , in central park ? 
 caden , amelie , and the others could be hired actors . 
 that would explain their movie star looks and their perfect nails and their well-groomed hair . 
 viggo and mortimer had more than enough money to pull it off . 
 and they had been so interested in hearing about my `` dream '' yesterday morning . 
 even considering this as a possibility bordered on insane but i was growing more fond of the idea by the second . 
 yes . 
 it made sense . 
 it explained why i was in and out of consciousness so much . 
 not normally a fainter , i was unconscious all the time lately . 
 being drugged could do that , could n't it ? 
 by the time i dressed-in a turtleneck sweater to hide the bite marks-i was convinced that i had to do some research . 
 i could n't accuse them without concrete proof . 
 if i could just run across the street to the park , maybe i 'd find it . 
 i pushed through the double doors to the atrium in time to witness sofie deliver a vicious slap to mortimer 's cheek . 
 `` evangeline ! 
 there you are , '' sofie said , turning to smile at me as if everything was fine . 
 what is going on between these two ? 
 `` evangeline , '' mortimer greeted in a gruff voice before spinning on his heels and walking briskly toward the statue . 
 viggo sat at the bistro table beside it , quietly reading a newspaper . 
 he looked up . 
 `` there you are ! 
 come , evangeline . '' 
 i practically ran down the path toward them , until i realized what i was doing and deliberately slowed to a saunter . 
 what if they had nothing to do with this ? 
 maybe it was all in my head . 
 is this what a paranoid schizophrenic feels like ? 
 a mysterious expression flickered across mortimer 's face . 
 `` are you feeling alright ? '' 
 my stomach tightened . 
 `` yes . 
 why ? '' 
 i lied as calmly as i could . 
 `` you look stiff . 
 and your face is much paler than usual . '' 
 his eyes darted to max , narrowing suspiciously . 
 `` oh , no , i 'm fine . 
 just tired . 
 must have been from all the excitement yesterday , '' i said , striving to make my voice light as possible . 
 it came out sounding strangled . 
 `` how did you sleep ? '' 
 viggo asked from behind his newspaper . 
 i paused for a moment , searching for a standard answer . 
 `` like a baby . '' 
 lie number two . 
 `` no bizarre dreams again ? '' 
 he asked , his attention still half-buried in his newspaper . 
 he seemed indifferent today . 
 could he be feigning indifference ? 
 `` nope . '' 
 my hands hurt . 
 i glanced down to see them clenched into fists by my sides , so tight that my knuckles had turned white . 
 i forced them to relax , my fingers unwinding painfully , as if crippled . 
 `` well , you 're probably well rested then , '' viggo said . 
 can they tell i 'm lying ? 
 i wondered . 
 they both seemed more bored than culprits in an elaborate rouse . 
 sofie 's stilettos clicked against the cobblestones behind me as she approached . 
 `` i have some business to tend to and i 'll be away for the afternoon . 
 i 'm sorry to leave you alone . '' 
 perfect . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 i was thinking i could take max for a walk to the park . '' 
 mortimer 's baritone laughter filled the atrium . 
 `` maximus is n't the kind of dog you take out for a walk , '' he said , shaking his head in amusement . 
 `` besides , '' viggo added , `` there 's supposed to be a protest outside , and those fanatics are known to get violent . 
 you do n't want to get mixed up with them . 
 you 're better off staying here . 
 there 's plenty to do , darling-leonardo can show you around . 
 we have a lovely indoor pool and games room , as well as a sauna , a gym , a movie theater-whatever you like . 
 and if we do n't have it , leonardo will get it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 drat . 
 so much for my reconnaissance mission . 
 how else can i gather some information ? 
 the internet . 
 `` you would n't happen to have a computer that i could use ? '' 
 i asked politely . 
 please do n't ask why . 
 `` of course ! 
 maximus , please show evangeline the way to my study , '' viggo ordered , confident the giant dog understood him perfectly . 
 he stood , folding his paper under his arm . 
 `` we have some things to tend to . 
 we 'll see you later . '' 
 he nodded to mortimer and they headed toward the house . 
 mortimer stopped . 
 `` sofie , are you coming ? 
 now ? '' 
 she hesitated , her jaw tightening . 
 `` see you later , evangeline . '' 
 she followed them , disappearing through the red doors . 
 i was left standing alone with four giant dogs , feeling less confident about my conspiracy theory . 
 ten minutes later i was in viggo 's brightly lit study , a second floor room overlooking the street through barred windows . 
 i peered out . 
 no picket signs . 
 sitting down in the oversized leather office chair , i launched my investigation . 
 first , i googled viggo and mortimer . 
 i did n't have their last names but i figured that , given their vast fortune and high-profile location , there had to be some information on a `` viggo and mortimer '' - a successful business , a generous donation , anything . 
 i found nothing relevant-not one article about the affluent new york couple , no mention of viggo through his ties to the play . 
 it was as if they did n't exist . 
 that was n't possible . 
 everyone who was anyone existed in cyber world . 
 strange . 
 i shifted my focus to central park-the perfect location for their game , being nearby and enormous . 
 searching the park 's website , i found listings for plenty of statues but nothing specific for the white woman . 
 and no caves . 
 it had to be in that park , though . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i leaned back , my hands locked behind my head . 
 i must be doing this wrong . 
 i was n't getting anywhere , penned up in this palace . 
 max leaned forward and bumped his gigantic wet nose against my arm . 
 `` do you know what 's going on around here ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he groaned in answer . 
 i sighed , roughly scratching behind his ear . 
 `` sorry , i do n't speak canine , max . '' 
 chewing my bottom lip , i considered my options . 
 or lack thereof . 
 `` how scary could those protesters really be ? '' 
 i reached for the keyboard again , typing in `` protesters '' and `` manhattan '' and `` october . '' 
 the first search result showed an image of gray-haired seniors with walkers and signs demanding health care reform . 
 `` oh , come on ! 
 them ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 i scanned the next five or six results and found nothing that fit the fanatical protester profile . 
 and then it hit me . 
 perhaps this was all part of the game , keeping me locked up in their fortress so i could n't go out and uncover their plot . 
 it was a disturbing idea , but it made more sense than a bunch of maniacal geriatrics getting violent for cheaper drugs . 
 i had no choice . 
 i needed to escape . 
 rushing to my room to grab my jacket , mitts , and purse-and praying no one saw me-i convinced myself that i was doing the responsible thing by sneaking out . 
 if this was all a big game , i 'd be free of these lunatics . 
 if it was n't and i was hallucinating , then i had bigger issues than protesters . 
 i just had to get out without anyone noticing me . 
 it was a good thing this place was the size of a shopping mall . 
 `` evangeline ! 
 there you are , '' leonardo called out as i stepped into the atrium . 
 his elderly eyes zoned in on my coat . 
 busted . 
 `` i was cold , '' i lied . 
 `` i can turn the temperature up , if you wish . '' 
 `` no , that 's alright . 
 i 'm good now . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 well , would you like me to put a movie on for you in the theater ? 
 or perhaps you 're hungry . 
 we could see what martha has on the stove . '' 
 `` i think maybe i 'll just sit out here for awhile , '' i said . 
 `` great . 
 why do n't we take a seat over here , '' he suggested , heading toward the bistro table . 
 leonardo was n't going anywhere . 
 he had obviously been assigned babysitter duty . 
 he pulled out a chair for me which i accepted , smiling politely . 
 we sat across from each other in awkward silence . 
 i decided i may as well get some information out of him . 
 `` what is sofie fighting with viggo and mortimer about ? '' 
 leonardo held his hand up to inspect his fingernails . 
 `` oh ? 
 i did n't know they were fighting . '' 
 `` well ... i saw sofie hit mortimer earlier today . 
 and yesterday , the screaming ... '' `` hmmm . 
 i 'm sure it 's nothing . '' 
 he smiled warmly at me . 
 that confirmed it . 
 he was either senile or covering for his employers . 
 more uncomfortable silence . 
 `` you seem fidgety . 
 is everything alright ? '' 
 leonardo finally asked , eyeing my hands , which were strumming aggressively against the table . 
 no , everything is not alright . 
 you 're hampering my investigation . 
 how was i going to get away ? 
 `` i 'm not feeling well , '' i blurted , an idea sparking in my brain . 
 `` oh . 
 would you like some tylenol ? '' 
 he stood . 
 `` tylenol does n't sit well on my stomach , '' i lied . 
 `` well , i 'm sure one of the maids has some advil or aspirin , '' leonardo offered . 
 i shook my head , stalling . 
 `` no ... what i really need is ... midol . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` um ... it 's for ... female problems . '' 
 my cheeks heated . 
 `` oh . 
 hmm ... okay , '' leonardo said , his eyes dropping to the cobblestones . 
 `` i 'll go ask the maids . '' 
 he started toward the red door , moving slower than usual . 
 i suspected he would n't be in a rush to fill that request-a proper elderly gentleman polling young female maids for pms pills . 
 `` sorry , leonardo , '' i whispered , then forced the guilt of my deception aside to race toward the gate . 
 i remembered an ominous-looking solid door beside the car entrance . 
 it had to be the exit to the street , though it appeared more appropriate for a bank vault . 
 i 'm sure they needed the best security here , with all their wads of cash lying around . 
 if i can just get to it before anyone comes out ... i was twenty feet from the door when max 's massive black body appeared in front of it , the other hounds flanking him to create a formidable barrier . 
 a low warning growl rumbled in max 's throat as i approached . 
 it was deep and threatening and if i had n't already developed a certain level of trust and fondness for this dog , i would likely have dropped dead from terror right then and there . 
 i veered to the right , attempting to sneak around the canine wall . 
 they all shifted their bodies , blocking my path . 
 `` max ? 
 what are you doing ? 
 i need to get out , '' i whispered , glancing anxiously over my shoulder for leonardo . 
 max whined . 
 why would they do this ? 
 unless ... `` max , were you ordered to keep me here ? '' 
 another whine and a bow of his head , as if he were nodding . 
 yes , it was clear he had been . 
 i was imprisoned . 
 leonardo was the warden and these dogs were the guards . 
 i had to get out , and fast , but with well over a thousand pounds of ferocious muscle forming a barricade , this was going to be tricky . 
 i needed a distraction . 
 what would distract a dog ? 
 something to chase . 
 `` look ! 
 a kitty , over there ! 
 go fetch ! '' 
 i whispered excitedly , pointing to the other side of the atrium . 
 none of them budged . 
 their eyes did n't even shift . 
 `` right . 
 you 're smarter than that . 
 i forgot , '' i muttered . 
 i reached forward and pushed against max . 
 nothing . 
 i leaned in , putting all of my hundred and twenty-odd pounds against him . 
 it was like trying to move a concrete wall . 
 i groaned in frustration . 
 these dogs were more well-trained than jake , the only dog i had ever really known . 
 that golden retriever 's sole purpose in life was chasing his tail and trying to steal thawing meat off the counter . 
 an idea hit me-a desperate one . 
 i dashed up the stairs and into the house , heading toward the kitchen . 
 luckily it was n't too far from the atrium so i found it easily enough on my own . 
 magda was chopping up vegetables when i entered . 
 `` hi , magda , '' i called gaily , trying not to arouse any suspicions . 
 she glanced up to acknowledge me with a polite nod , then returned her focus to her carrots . 
 `` i 'm just going to grab a snack , '' i said , heading casually toward the commercial-sized fridge . 
 she nodded again without looking up , likely having no idea what i had said . 
 that was fine with me . 
 i pulled open one of the doors . 
 bingo ! 
 meat . 
 and it was n't hard to find , considering one entire side of the fridge was stocked with it . 
 why did they need so much ? 
 does n't matter , i decided , reaching in to grab a zip lock bag before peeking around the door . 
 magda was now tending a simmering pot , her back to me . 
 i closed the fridge door softly and hurried out before she could turn around . 
 i 'd have a hard time explaining what i was doing with eight raw steaks in any language . 
 when i returned to the atrium , max and the others were still standing in the same positions as before , like statues . 
 thankfully leonardo was n't back yet . 
 this has to work . 
 `` look what i found for you ! '' 
 i exclaimed , holding up the bag of bloody meat . 
 i did n't think they 'd mind that it was raw . 
 jake had never been too picky . 
 this time my method of distraction worked . 
 unfortunately , a little too well . 
 all four dogs erupted in a chorus of vicious snarls and deep growls , revealing razor-sharp fangs-much more pronounced than i remembered . 
 muscles rippled with tension as they began stomping and pawing at the ground with their hooked claws , clearly torn between holding their positions and springing . 
 the bag dropped from my hand , spilling blood onto the cobblestones as i scrambled back , terrified . 
 brilliant idea , evangeline . 
 forget protesters . 
 leonardo 's going to come back to find your mangled body in the atrium . 
 and then he 's going to have a heart attack and die . 
 i locked eyes with max , pleading silently with him . 
 it seemed to work , as he settled down , his fierce snarls turning to snorts . 
 the other three were still focused on the raw meat and frothing at the mouth . 
 max let out a ferocious growl and , turning , snapped at the dog to his left , his teeth tearing a chunk out of the dog 's ear . 
 with a yelp , the three dogs stiffened immediately , resuming their guard . 
 the meat was instantly forgotten . 
 i stepped forward cautiously , deciding my last-ditch effort would be a show of confidence . 
 `` okay , max , you 're either with me or against me . 
 you choose ! '' 
 i commanded with as much conviction as i could muster , throwing in , `` i 'll never forget this moment , '' for good measure . 
 those perceptive yellow eyes gazed into mine as if judging the truth of my words . 
 we remained frozen like that-eyes in a deadlock-for so long that i was ready to give up . 
 then max suddenly covered my cheek with a lick . 
 he stepped to one side , allowing a small space for me to fit through . 
 i gasped . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 planting a quick kiss on his snout , i darted past , ready to throw the door open . 
 until i saw the keypad . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i cried , pounding once on the door . 
 tears welled in my eyes as defeat swept over me . 
 there was no way out . 
 i was in alcatraz . 
 six ... two ... one ... a distant deep voice whispered . 
 i recognized the voice from the other day . 
 only this time it was speaking in numbers . 
 seven numbers , repeating over and over . 
 on impulse , i punched the numbers into the keypad . 
 my eyes widened in shock when i heard the lock release . 
 how ? 
 it did n't matter right now . 
 i was free . 
 8 . 
 reconnaissance i studied the throngs of people as i crossed fifth avenue . 
 there was n't a single person who could ever be mistaken for a protester . 
 that seemed to favor my conspiracy theory . 
 i passed through one of the park gates and stopped to take in the gardens and paths of the famous landmark , exhaling heavily . 
 where do i begin ? 
 the aroma of a hot dog cart wafted my way . 
 my stomach growled . 
 start with lunch . 
 foot long and coke in hand , i searched out a park bench and gingerly sat down , recalling the sharp metal seats of the benches around the fire the night before . 
 this bench 's wooden seat was intact , definitely not one of their props . 
 i scanned the other benches in the area to confirm that all of their seats were also wooden . 
 i 'm like nancy drew , i thought proudly as i took a big bite of my hot dog . 
 a gob of mustard dripped onto my lap . 
 a slovenly version . 
 i could n't help but feel discouraged , sitting there . 
 it did n't feel like the same forest . 
 i did n't remember autumn foliage . 
 but it had been dark and , if they were drugging me , i could n't trust my instincts , i rationalized . 
 still , something did n't add up . 
 i scrutinized the people hurrying along the various paths and sidewalks around me , hoping to catch a bubbly blonde skipping by . 
 or better yet , caden . 
 my heart began to race at the thought . 
 it was sunny but the gusting wind carried a bite , enough to warrant a thick jacket and mitts . 
 my hands-ungloved while i handled my messy lunch-were turning red . 
 `` so many people about , all in a rush , are n't there ? '' 
 a petite , elderly woman in a blue wool peacoat remarked as she slowly eased herself down beside me on the bench , a bag of dried bread in her frail , wrinkled hands . 
 i smiled politely at her . 
 `` people prefer the warm weather . '' 
 `` and you ? 
 what are you doing out on a day like this ? '' 
 she asked , turning to face me as she leisurely tossed a few pieces of bread out to some eagerly waiting pigeons . 
 she had to be in her late eighties , judging by her heavily creased face and her stark white , curly bob . 
 oddly though , her eyes were not clouded and bland with age but an intense hazel , speckled with dark green flecks . 
 looking for evidence that i 'm being drugged and dropped off in central park at night , i replied mentally . 
 she 'd likely keel over dead if i shared that . 
 `` oh , just taking in the sights . 
 i 'm visiting from maine , '' i said instead , drawing a big gulp of soda through my straw . 
 `` oh , is n't that lovely , '' she replied . 
 a typical old lady response . 
 we spent the next twenty minutes idly chatting about the differences between portland and new york as the old lady fed the hungry birds and i finished my lunch . 
 she was a sweet , grandmotherly type , eager to ramble on about her ten grandchildren and three great-grandchildren . 
 with the last chunks of bread devoured by the scavengers , she rose . 
 `` well , it was nice to meet you ... '' `` evangeline . '' 
 `` evangeline . 
 what a lovely name . 
 evangeline , i must be heading home now . 
 it 's too cold out here for these old bones . '' 
 `` goodbye , '' i said , smiling . 
 `` are you going home now too ? '' 
 `` yeah , probably , '' i said , crumpling up my hot dog wrapper . 
 `` i do n't think i 'll find what i was looking for . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what was that ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` a statue . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` anything in particular , dear ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes squinting in query . 
 i described the white woman in detail to her . 
 those unusual hazel eyes widened . 
 `` yes ! 
 i know the one you 're talking about . 
 just take the paths through shakespeare garden and you 'll find it . '' 
 `` really ? 
 thank you ! '' 
 i said , feeling a mixture of distress and relief . 
 with that , she shuffled away , moving surprisingly quick for such an old lady . 
 i followed her directions and soon found myself deep within the park , surrounded by trees of all varieties , their leaves turning the colors of autumn . 
 i was surprised how wooded and quiet it was with the city bustle so close by . 
 it still did n't look like my dream , but ... on and on i walked , searching . 
 i wondered if leonardo had discovered that i had snuck out yet . 
 i hoped he was n't too worried . 
 if i could just find this statue soon , i 'd have the proof i need , i thought . 
 it has to be around here somewhere . 
 leaves rustled , stopping me dead . 
 my head whipped toward the noise and i saw a stout , round-faced man walking a scruffy gray mutt of medium size . 
 he had well-groomed , salt-and-pepper hair and a tidy mustache , and he was smartly dressed in a blue tweed coat and a matching plaid wool cap . 
 a perfectly respectable-looking gentleman , i concluded , relaxing . 
 the dog 's front legs were practically off the ground as it pulled its owner toward me . 
 when it reached me , the mutt sniffed my pant leg , let out a low growl , then lunged upward , snapping at my arm . 
 `` badger ! 
 sit ! '' 
 the man yelled , tugging the dog back sharply before its fangs could sink into my skin . 
 badger sat back on his haunches . 
 if only max were here , i thought spitefully , glaring down at him . 
 you 'd be shaking in your hairy paws . 
 `` i apologize , miss . 
 badger has issues with other dogs . 
 he must have caught the scent of one on your clothing . 
 he 's seeking therapy , '' the man joked in a gentle voice , patting the dog 's head . 
 i noticed a small tattoo of an angled cross on the fleshy part of his thumb . 
 i laughed along with him , keeping one eye on the mutt 's ugly face . 
 `` are you lost ? 
 you look lost , '' he inquired . 
 `` oh , i 'm looking for a statue that 's supposed to be around here ... '' i described the statue , hoping he could redirect me . 
 `` oh yes . 
 this way , '' the man said , smiling as he began moving off the path . 
 that 's right ! 
 there had n't been a path the night before . 
 that , i would remember . 
 i followed him with renewed excitement . 
 `` are you a tourist ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is it that obvious ? '' 
 i said , giggling . 
 `` what brought you to the city ? '' 
 he asked , veering into a more densely wooded area . 
 `` visiting friends . '' 
 friends who paid someone to bite me and make me think i 'm crazy . 
 he held a branch back for me to pass . 
 `` friends ... hmm ... and have you known these friends long ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i frowned . 
 why would he ask that ? 
 `` but you 're visiting them ? '' 
 his eyes darted to our left , as if searching for something . 
 or someone . 
 warning bells began sounding in my head . 
 get out of here . 
 `` thanks for your help . 
 i think i need to get home , '' i squeaked . 
 it was too late , i realized , as i turned to see two scruffy men closing in behind me , one holding a gun . 
 9 . 
 attacked the two thugs smiled crookedly at me , one of them revealing a brown tooth . 
 a pretty , young , round-faced woman of perhaps twenty-five , with shoulder-length auburn hair and rosy cheeks , stepped out from behind them . 
 cold sweat trickled down my back as panic set in . 
 i 'm such an idiot ! 
 i was trapped and it was my own fault . 
 i was that stupid , gullible girl from maine , wandering through central park . 
 a big , shiny target for any lowlife . 
 my eyes darted about , frantically searching for an escape route . 
 there was n't one . 
 either by flying bullet or flying mutt , i 'd be stopped . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i have money . 
 lots of money . 
 here , you can have it all , '' i quavered , thrusting my purse forward . 
 no one made any move toward it . 
 `` evangeline , correct ? '' 
 the man with the dog asked . 
 a chill ran down my spine as i ran our brief conversation through my head . 
 i had n't given my name , had i ? 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you really should be more careful , sharing information with strangers . 
 even sweet old ladies . 
 looks can be deceiving . '' 
 his smile sent a chill through me . 
 i managed a small gasp , shocked that the bird-feeding lady could be in league with them . 
 `` when we saw you leave the leech house alone , we were intrigued . 
 so we followed you here . '' 
 i remained silent but my bewilderment at their `` leech '' reference to viggo and mortimer 's place must have been evident , because the round-faced man cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` so they 've kept their secret from you ... interesting . 
 they 're very good at it , are n't they ? 
 and there are n't as many telltale signs as the stories would have you believe . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i ca n't believe they allowed you out on your own , though ... why are you with them ? '' 
 i swallowed hard several times , struggling to form words . 
 `` i 'm just visiting ... i do n't know what they 've done to upset you , but i have nothing to do with it . '' 
 i started trembling . 
 `` on the contrary , we believe you have everything to do with it , '' the woman interjected , her voice cold and detached . 
 `` you are here with sofie , correct ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 how do they know so much ? 
 the woman closed the distance between us . 
 those eyes ... hazel eyes with dark green flecks , like the old lady 's eyes . 
 she must be a granddaughter . 
 a grandmother-granddaughter criminal team-that had to be a first . 
 the woman paced around me slowly , like a cat circling its prey . 
 `` you 're human ; i would know , otherwise . '' 
 i fought hard to stave off tears . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` perhaps you do n't ; it would n't surprise me that sofie did n't inform you of her designs for you . 
 she 's cunning , that one , '' she mused . 
 her eyes darted to my pendant and she reached up , but her hand hovered over the stone , not touching it . 
 `` incredible , '' she murmured . 
 her mouth crooked in a smile of realization . 
 `` do you know what she 's done to you ? '' 
 i noticed her eyes flicker toward the bushes ; they narrowed suspiciously , and she started backing away . 
 `` so sorry , if you are indeed guiltless , '' she said in a rush , nodding to the man with the gun . 
 he answered by raising the weapon to point at my chest . 
 i heard the click of the trigger . 
 once , i had wondered what a bullet would feel like , tearing into my flesh and organs . 
 i expected it would involve a considerable amount of pain . 
 i did n't expect that the impact would send my body flying as if hit by a train . 
 but it did . 
 the next thing i knew , i was lying on my back some distance away , with a crushing weight in my chest . 
 the bullet must have punctured my lung because i could n't inhale . 
 this is what drowning in your own blood must feel like . 
 i hoped it would n't take too long . 
 it was painful . 
 i was lying on a cushion of brittle leaves , staring up at the overcast sky as i made my peace with god , when the tightness in my chest began to subside . 
 i found i could inhale again-small breaths at first , then increasingly normal ones . 
 maybe i would be okay . 
 if i could get to a hospital . 
 if i could get away from here . 
 i closed my eyes and remained still , feigning death until i was sure they were gone . 
 a wet nose poked against my cheek . 
 badger , checking to see if i 'm dead yet . 
 that mutt would surely give me away , i realized , fighting panic . 
 i kept my eyes closed , trying to calm myself . 
 another , more forceful nudge against my cheek - followed by a familiar whine . 
 i dared to peek through one eye to see max 's large snout . 
 he was lying beside me . 
 three other massive black bodies surrounded us , on guard . 
 i breathed a huge sigh of relief . 
 the dogs must have scared off everyone . 
 `` oh , thank you , max ! '' 
 propping myself up on one elbow , i reached over to stroke max 's shoulder . 
 i felt something warm and slick . 
 i pulled my hand back , gasping when i saw the blood . 
 examining max 's fur , i found the tiny hole where a bullet had entered . 
 the bullet that was meant for me , i realized then , checking my chest to see that i was unscathed . 
 well , almost unscathed . 
 max nosed my left hand , growling . 
 it was covered in my own blood from a deep gash across my palm . 
 i must have cut it on a rock when i fell . 
 when max crashed into me to take the bullet . 
 `` i have no idea how you guys found me , but let 's get out of here before they come back , '' i whispered , staggering to my feet . 
 my stomach lurched . 
 no one had left . 
 they would n't be going anywhere , except in body bags . 
 body parts were strewn everywhere , heads practically decapitated , necks torn wide open . 
 and blood-pools of it . 
 so much blood that it stained the forest floor bright crimson . 
 i spotted badger 's head lying three feet away from me , his lifeless eyes staring vacantly up at the sky , his tongue lolling out . 
 his body was nowhere in sight . 
 the trees began whirling around me . 
 i was unconscious before my body hit the ground . 
 sitting on the leather couch in the library , i watched in silence as a diminutive , elderly woman cleaned and stitched the three-inch gash on the palm of my hand with skilled precision , her slender fingers weaving the needle in and out of my flesh . 
 it should have been painful . 
 instead , i felt nothing . 
 i recall stirring only once after seeing the corpses , to find myself cradled in leonardo 's gentle arms . 
 when i came to again , i was lying on a sheet on the hardwood floor in viggo and mortimer 's library , a maid hovering over me with a set of blood-free clothes , adamant that i remove mine immediately . 
 once changed , i watched her toss the stained outfit and the sheet into the lit fireplace . 
 slightly dramatic , in my opinion , but the clothes were ruined so it did n't matter . 
 the grandfather clock gonged . 
 it was four in the afternoon . 
 `` leonardo , where is everyone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they 'll be here soon , '' he responded calmly , placing another log in the fireplace . 
 `` do they know what happened ? '' 
 leonardo sighed . 
 `` oh , yes ... they know . '' 
 `` are they angry ? '' 
 his eyebrows arched severely , but he said nothing . 
 i 'd take that as a yes . 
 `` what about max ? '' 
 i suddenly remembered . 
 leonardo glanced over , frowning . 
 `` the gun shot ... he was shot , '' i elaborated . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , then paused to choose his words . 
 `` so you were aware of that . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` do n't you worry about that brute . '' 
 `` how did he find me ? '' 
 `` you 'll need to ask him , '' leonardo answered with a secretive smile . 
 my brow puckered as i tried to make sense of that . 
 i could n't . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` thank you for your services , '' he said to the old woman as she finished wrapping my hand in gauze , ignoring my question . 
 in response , she shoved two tiny blue pills-presumably painkillers-into my mouth , then packed up her medical tools and disappeared without uttering a word . 
 `` hopefully those do n't upset your stomach , '' leonardo murmured with a hint of annoyance , handing me a glass of water . 
 i averted my eyes , feeling my face heat . 
 leonardo eased himself to his knees beside me and surveyed the carpet and furniture from various angles , a clear spray bottle and rag in hand . 
 he then began scouring the operating area . 
 `` let me do that , '' i offered . 
 `` that 's quite alright , evangeline . 
 i may be old , but i 'm not completely useless . '' 
 `` no , i did n't mean - '' i stammered , `` i just thought ... it 's my blood . 
 i should clean it up . '' 
 `` well , that 's a remarkably courteous way of looking at the situation , though not surprising . 
 you 're a remarkably courteous young woman , are n't you ? '' 
 i felt myself blush . 
 `` and you 're not old . '' 
 `` yes , i am , '' he responded , chuckling . 
 `` seventy-eight , to be exact . '' 
 a few more minutes passed . 
 `` you 're very meticulous , '' i observed . 
 he offered no response as he struggled to stand . 
 `` leonardo ... '' i began hesitantly . 
 `` call me leo if you wish . 
 leonardo is such a mouthful . '' 
 `` okay ... leo . '' 
 an inconsequential question suddenly popped into my head . 
 `` hey , why do you have such an italian name when you 're so ... british ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` my father was italian and i grew up in england . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` was that your burning question ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` should i be worried about anything ? '' 
 he sighed , gave me another strange smile , then walked over to throw the rag into the fireplace . 
 i sensed that was the only reply i would get . 
 my eyes roamed aimlessly around the library , landing on the painting above the mantel . 
 on the black pendant . 
 `` why is sofie 's sister 's picture on the wall ? '' 
 `` do you normally ask so many questions ? '' 
 `` sorry , '' i mumbled , flushing . 
 leo chuckled , glancing up at the portrait . 
 `` i believe she was a lady friend . '' 
 `` lady friend ... oh , you mean girlfriend ? '' 
 a rare smirk appeared on leo 's face . 
 `` yes , girlfriend , you young folk would call her . '' 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 `` whose ? '' 
 he pursed his lips . 
 `` ca n't say , really . '' 
 `` so when did viggo and mortimer - '' i stopped abruptly . 
 ` when did they switch teams ? ' 
 god , evangeline . 
 be a little more tactful . 
 `` when did viggo and mortimer what ? '' 
 leo probed . 
 i searched for the appropriate words . 
 `` begin their relationship ? '' 
 he repeated my question to himself , confused . 
 then , suddenly , his face lit up and he erupted in raucous laughter . 
 i widened my eyes , startled by the unexpected reaction . 
 `` viggo and mortimer are no couple . 
 i would n't even call them friends . 
 partners in a common interest , one may say . '' 
 i struggled to translate his words as he stoked the fire . 
 what a cryptic old butler . 
 `` although i suppose i can see how someone on the outside may mistake their relationship , '' he continued . 
 `` they live together , spend all their time together , and squabble like an old married couple . '' 
 `` who squabbles like an old married couple ? '' 
 a deep voice boomed . 
 i spun around to see viggo and mortimer strolling into the library . 
 but where 's max ? 
 i held my breath , waiting for the dogs to trot in behind them . 
 they were never too far away . 
 when none of them did , my stomach tightened another notch . 
 what if the police had them ? 
 they 'd destroy them for that massacre , even if they did save my life . 
 `` where 's max ? '' 
 i asked as the two men took up positions before me , arms crossed over their chests . 
 viggo 's face displayed the same placid expression as usual . 
 in stark contrast , mortimer 's was primed to throw daggers . 
 i could n't help shrinking guiltily onto the couch , feeling less like an eighteen-year-old adult guest and more like a naughty six-year-old in need of a spanking . 
 `` busy , '' mortimer said . 
 `` how 's the hand ? '' 
 viggo asked , eyeing my bandages , a strange grin on his face . 
 `` a bit sore . '' 
 an uncomfortable silence followed . 
 `` so ... were those the protesters you were warning me about ? '' 
 i asked awkwardly . 
 `` you could say that , '' viggo replied . 
 another long pause . 
 `` how much trouble are the dogs in ? '' 
 `` none . 
 it 's been taken care of , '' viggo answered as if referring to a minor bill needing payment . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 `` it 's cleaned up . 
 no evidence . 
 no witnesses . '' 
 a chill ran down my spine . 
 `` but , it was broad daylight in a major park . 
 and there was so much blood . '' 
 `` so ... ? '' 
 viggo shrugged , unconcerned . 
 `` so ... '' i faltered . 
 `` are n't you afraid you 'll be accessories to murder ? 
 the police would understand , would n't they ? 
 would n't it be easier to report it ? '' 
 i pictured a full-scale s.w.a.t. team crashing through the gate and pinning the lot of us-the gentle old butler included-to the ground . 
 `` it would have been easier if you had obeyed us , '' mortimer answered through clenched teeth . 
 i cowered further into the couch . 
 `` mortimer , please , '' viggo said , patting the air in a soothing gesture . 
 `` i 'm sure evangeline has an excellent reason for defying us . '' 
 his raised eyebrow indicated he was expecting the explanation right then and there . 
 did i tell them the truth ? 
 did i accuse them ? 
 i had gained no proof through my adventure . 
 only more questions . 
 `` are you going to explain yourself , or sit there and fidget all afternoon ? '' 
 mortimer said , drumming his fingers loudly on a console table . 
 `` well ... i did n't think i was disobeying . 
 it was just a suggestion , was n't it ? '' 
 i finally answered in a meek voice . 
 mortimer 's fist slammed down on the table , sending a lamp flying and me cowering . 
 the library door exploded open and four giant black bodies barreled through . 
 the dogs . 
 in seconds they were circling the couch where i sat , their hackles raised and growling a warning at mortimer . 
 if the wall of fangs and froth intimidated him , mortimer did n't let on ; he stared max down , looking ready to lunge himself . 
 sofie ran into the room . 
 `` i thought you had him under control . '' 
 viggo 's voice was calm but i sensed the underlying contempt . 
 `` you try controlling that beast . '' 
 her eyes fell on me . 
 she took several quick steps forward then froze , glancing uncertainly at viggo . 
 `` it 's okay , max , '' i said , reaching up to stroke his side , trying to calm him . 
 i examined his shoulder for the wound . 
 nothing . 
 i must have mixed up the sides . 
 i checked the other shoulder . 
 nothing . 
 no wound , no bandage , no dried blood . 
 i screwed my face up . 
 yes , he had been shot . 
 i remembered . 
 `` i saw the bullet wound . 
 his blood was all over my hand , '' i said out loud . 
 no one answered . 
 i looked up to see worried glances passing between them . 
 `` leo . 
 tell them you saw it too , '' i pleaded , frowning my confusion . 
 leo shrugged noncommittally , his eyes darting to mortimer . 
 he ducked his head and exited without a word . 
 `` it happened , did n't it ? '' 
 i cried as tears welled in my eyes , blurring my vision . 
 `` do you believe it happened ? '' 
 viggo asked calmly . 
 i looked at each of them in turn , at their blank faces . 
 maybe it had n't happened . 
 is this what a schizophrenic feels like , skating through delusions and reality so seamlessly that it 's impossible to discern which is which ? 
 i raised my hand to see the bandage . 
 i felt the throbbing ache of my gash , a result of the attack . 
 no , this had to be real . 
 `` i warned you two , '' sofie said softly , her eyes never leaving me . 
 `` well , go ahead then , sofie . 
 tell her what you 've done . 
 see if that does n't terrify her , you self-righteous witch , '' mortimer answered , smiling smugly at her . 
 what is he talking about ? 
 in the next instant sofie was standing where mortimer had been and he was airborne , his tall , muscular body flying through the air and slamming into a wall twenty feet away . 
 glass rained down as the impact from his body shattered a mirror into countless pieces . 
 i gaped at sofie , who-with her delicate arms and her lithe frame-had thrown mortimer across the room right before my eyes . 
 it was impossible . 
 it could n't have happened . 
 mortimer pushed to his feet and strolled back , brushing glass from his jacket sleeves . 
 `` my , you 've gotten strong , sofie . 
 who have you been snacking on ? '' 
 he paused only a foot away from her , looming , their eyes communicating silently . 
 what did he say ? 
 my stomach dropped with the realization that this was beyond hallucination . 
 this was a full-scale delusion . 
 there was no conspiracy , no one was tricking me . 
 i had lost my mind . 
 `` none of this is real . 
 the bullet , sofie 's lip , my hand , the bites ... '' i rambled , picturing straitjackets and padded cells with tiny peepholes and seemingly normal people having intellectual conversations with empty chairs . 
 maybe i could share eddie 's alley with him . 
 i was his goddess , after all . 
 `` what bites ? '' 
 mortimer suddenly said , eyes narrowed . 
 `` no bites . 
 they 're not real . 
 i thought they were real but they 're not , '' i rambled absently , yanking the collar of my shirt down . 
 `` see ? 
 nothing . '' 
 sofie gasped . 
 10 . 
 truth `` you lying bitch ! '' 
 mortimer snarled . 
 he flew at sofie , sending her crashing into a glass side table , which shattered . 
 `` and you ! '' 
 mortimer turned his furious eyes to max . 
 `` traitor ! '' 
 max responded with a short but fierce snarl . 
 `` i did n't know this would happen ! '' 
 sofie shrieked , on her feet in seconds and lunging at mortimer 's neck with a jagged chunk of glass in her hand , intent on decapitating him . 
 mortimer barely avoided the swipe at his jugular , taking a nick on his shoulder instead . 
 catching her arm in mid-swing on her second attempt , he snapped her forearm with a sickening crack . 
 he followed with a backhand that split her bottom lip wide open . 
 arm dangling and blood pouring from her lip , she grimaced in pain . 
 `` is that all you 've got ? '' 
 she grated , taunting him . 
 mortimer 's dark eyes flashed with rage . 
 he was going to kill her . 
 i could n't watch . 
 i buried my face in max 's body , my hands digging into his fur , bracing myself for the blood-curdling screams . 
 i heard viggo 's serene voice instead . 
 `` everyone , calm down please . '' 
 peeking out from behind max , i saw viggo standing between the two of them , his arms outstretched . 
 `` you have some explaining to do , sofie , '' he said calmly . 
 i dared look at her . 
 and gasped . 
 her lip was as beautiful and unharmed as ever , except for a patch of smeared blood which she now dabbed at with a cloth , using the arm that should be hanging limp at her side . 
 `` please stop fighting . 
 you 're terrifying evangeline . 
 she 's already been through enough today ! '' 
 all three turned to regard me . 
 `` and i suppose you have some questions , '' viggo said , smiling gently . 
 he took a step toward me . 
 max growled . 
 viggo raised his hands in surrender and backed up to sit in one of the armchairs . 
 `` but us first . 
 why did you sneak off to the park ? '' 
 i gaped at sofie 's uninjured lip a moment longer . 
 `` i was looking for an explanation for the bites . '' 
 `` and how does central park offer that explanation ? '' 
 viggo asked . 
 here we go . 
 `` i thought you two were drugging me , taking me into the park , and paying a bunch of people to pretend they 're vampires . '' 
 there . 
 it was out there . 
 viggo 's jaw dropped , his face twisting in a mixture of horror and insult . 
 `` why on earth would we do that ? '' 
 mortimer stared at me in disbelief . 
 `` i do n't know ... you 're bored ? 
 viggo is fascinated with vampires and i overheard you guys fighting the other day about a game . 
 anyway , i figured if i could find the statue in the woods , then i would have proof . '' 
 `` how would the statue prove that ? 
 you 're not making any sense , my dear evangeline , '' viggo exclaimed in frustration . 
 i sighed . 
 `` i had another dream last night . '' 
 `` and what happened ? '' 
 i told them about waking up beside the statue again , about the cave , and the attack . 
 `` and i woke up with these . '' 
 i gestured to my neck . 
 `` and did you find proof of this trick you suspect us of ? '' 
 mortimer asked , eyebrow raised . 
 i shook my head , dropping my gaze to my hands . 
 i could feel their eyes boring into me , waiting for me to speak . 
 `` am i going crazy ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 viggo changed the topic . 
 `` these people who attacked you . 
 how did you come across them ? '' 
 `` they cornered me while i was looking for the statue . 
 four of them , '' i answered , explaining how a seemingly sweet old lady set the trap . 
 `` four of them , '' mortimer repeated , his expression unreadable . 
 i nodded . 
 `` three men and a woman . 
 and a dog . '' 
 i shuddered , remembering the mutt 's decapitated head . 
 `` a woman ? '' 
 sofie asked , glancing at viggo . 
 i nodded . 
 `` and did they tell you who they were or what they wanted ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` it did n't seem random . 
 they knew you-all of you . 
 they said they 've been watching you . '' 
 i looked at sofie . 
 she had known . 
 yesterday , shopping . 
 she had sensed it somehow . 
 `` what exactly did they say ? '' 
 viggo asked . 
 `` something about this necklace , about me being human , about sofie doing something to me . 
 you being ... leeches ? '' 
 viggo tisked , shaking his head in disdain . 
 he rose and walked over to rest his arm on the mantel . 
 `` well , i guess we ca n't keep this from you any longer . '' 
 viggo gazed up at the painting of sofie 's sister . 
 `` no , evangeline . 
 you are not crazy , or hallucinating , though what i 'm about to tell you will not help convince you of that . '' 
 he paused to clear his throat . '' 
 ` vampire ' has such a stigma to it , would n't you agree ? '' 
 he said casually , followed by a resigned sigh . 
 `` i am over two thousand years old . 
 i 'm the oldest surviving vampire on earth . 
 mortimer is just shy of nine hundred . '' 
 my stomach tightened into a tight ball . 
 if i was n't crazy , then i was surrounded by a bunch of people who were . 
 `` sofie , you are-what now , a hundred and forty-eight ? 
 is that right ? 
 i would n't want to age you . 
 i know how sensitive females are , '' mortimer sneered . 
 sofie rolled her eyes in annoyance , but nodded . 
 `` you 're all ... vampires , '' i repeated , listening to the words come out of my mouth . 
 `` now sofie , you 're not being completely honest , '' mortimer mocked . 
 sofie glared at him before turning to me . 
 `` i was born a sorceress . '' 
 `` sorceress ... like witch ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` an extremely powerful one , '' mortimer emphasized . 
 `` oh , mortimer , you flatter me , '' sofie answered sarcastically before turning back to me with that haunted look on her face . 
 she lifted her hand and a tiny flame rose from her index finger , out of thin air . 
 my eyes went wide . 
 without thinking , i slid off the couch and pushed past max to inspect it closer , intrigued . 
 lifting my hand to it , i flinched as the heat scalded my skin . 
 it was real . 
 with a burst of excitement , viggo skipped over to the grand piano . 
 picking it up with one hand , he launched it across the room . 
 it crashed into a concrete column and splintered , the sound deafening . 
 `` need more proof ? '' 
 he was instantly standing in front of me . 
 grabbing an empty glass , he crushed it with his hand . 
 i cringed as he held his hand out , expecting to see blood . 
 instead , tiny shards of glass scattered out of his pristine , uninjured palm . 
 `` a song and dance now , if you please , court jester ! '' 
 sofie tittered , mockingly clapping her hands . 
 viggo bowed . 
 `` it 's been so long since we 've had to prove ourselves . 
 it 's exhilarating ! '' 
 i gaped at him . 
 how is this possible ? 
 vampires do n't exist . 
 they 're just another scary tale . 
 `` but ... no . 
 sofie , i 've seen you out in the sun , and ... '' i stammered . 
 viggo laughed . 
 `` oh , do n't believe any of that . 
 the majority of it is pure poppycock . 
 we 're not allergic to crosses and garlic , we can come in and out of your house as we please , there are no coffins under this roof-i could go on for hours with all the nonsense . '' 
 my eyes bulged as a thought hit me . 
 backing away quickly , i practically fell onto the couch . 
 `` what about people ? 
 do you ... drink blood ? '' 
 viggo 's face grew more serious . 
 `` we want to be completely honest with you , my dear evangeline . 
 no lying . 
 so ... '' he paused . 
 `` there are those of us who do feed on humans , impulsively and without remorse . 
 however , mortimer and i have made it our mission to eliminate that type of vampire from this world . 
 i think we 've done quite well . '' 
 `` so you do n't ? '' 
 he exhaled . 
 `` only in desperate situations and only on the worst criminals-child ra ** sts and murders ; bottom-feeders , bane to all humans . '' 
 the fascination with criminals ... he was n't a lawyer or a detective . 
 he was merely scouting out his meals . 
 i shuddered and looked at sofie and mortimer . 
 both remained quiet , their faces expressionless , though i sensed distress in sofie 's eyes . 
 `` we are not those terrible creatures the stories paint us to be , i swear it ! 
 have i been anything but generous and kind to you since the moment you met me ? '' 
 i paused , then shook my head . 
 `` and sitting here with me ... and my blood-that is n't hard for you ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly , afraid that reminding them i was human would have adverse side effects . 
 `` darling evangeline ! 
 we would never harm you ! '' 
 viggo cried , distress contorting his face . 
 `` and we 're experienced enough that we can control ourselves . 
 now , being in a room with free-flowing blood is a tad trickier ... but we always manage . '' 
 so leo obviously knew who his employers were , i gathered , recalling his meticulous cleanup . 
 it also meant he was n't a vampire . 
 the silence in the room grew beyond the awkward stage as i absorbed what they were telling me . 
 viggo watched me with the look of a dejected animal begging for love and acceptance . 
 finally i spoke . 
 `` wow , that 's quite the secret . '' 
 `` that 's not the half of it , '' mortimer grumbled , studying his manicured fingernails . 
 `` are you afraid ? 
 please say you 're not , '' viggo pleaded . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i said , swallowing my fear . 
 more like petrified . 
 `` the thing is ... we need your help , evangeline , '' viggo said . 
 that took me aback . 
 `` how ? 
 with what ? 
 and what does all this have to do with my dream and the bite marks on my neck ? '' 
 viggo 's expression turned grim . 
 he sat back down in the armchair . 
 `` for one hundred and twenty years , our venom has been useless . '' 
 `` i do n't underst - '' i began , frowning . 
 `` we ca n't turn humans anymore , '' mortimer said abruptly , sitting down in a chair beside viggo . 
 `` and that 's a bad thing ? '' 
 i said without thinking . 
 i caught mortimer 's glower . 
 `` if we ca n't create one of us , we 're left watching the ones we love grow old and die . '' 
 viggo looked up at the portrait . 
 had he watched sofie 's sister die ? 
 i wondered . 
 had she been his lady friend ? 
 `` it becomes too painful to get close to anyone , knowing the misery and loss will just repeat itself over and over again for eternity . 
 it 's such a lonely life . '' 
 viggo sighed . 
 `` can you imagine that , evangeline ? '' 
 i shuddered . 
 i had spent five years utterly alone . 
 it was a dismal , dark place to be . 
 but eternity ? 
 `` please say you 'll help us , '' viggo begged . 
 `` i ... of course , i 'll help you if i can ... '' `` oh , thank you , evangeline . 
 thank you ! 
 i knew you would understand , '' viggo said , elated . 
 `` but how ? '' 
 `` this is the terrible part about it . '' 
 viggo 's face fell in despair , and he turned to scowl at sofie . 
 `` unbeknownst to us , that witch has cursed you ! '' 
 cursed ? 
 my eyes shifted to sofie , who sat in her chair , looking ready to explode . 
 `` what is he talking about , sofie ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 sofie 's jaw clenched . 
 `` i did n't mean to - '' mortimer cut her off . 
 `` sofie is the reason for our problem . 
 she played with magic for her own selfish gains and we are all now victims of the results . '' 
 i glanced back at sofie to see her minty green eyes alight with fire , but she said nothing . 
 `` you 've probably been wondering why things have been ... tense ... between us these past few days , '' viggo said . 
 `` it 's because mortimer and i are so angry with her for what she 's done to you . '' 
 `` what did she do , exactly ? '' 
 i asked slowly , again looking at sofie . 
 her eyes were focused intently on a spot on the persian rug . 
 `` sofie , please explain , '' viggo urged , adding , `` only what 's necessary . 
 no need to confuse the girl . '' 
 sofie swallowed . 
 when she began speaking , her voice was emotionless , as if she spoke by rote . 
 `` you are the primary channel for an incantation that will solve our venom issue . 
 that necklace and the two identical statues-the one in the atrium and the one in your ... dream , '' sofie hesitated on that last word , `` they 're all conduits . '' 
 `` conduits for what ? '' 
 i asked , glancing down at the pendant . 
 her gift . 
 `` these dreams you 're having ... they are n't dreams , evangeline . 
 it decided the best way to fix our problem was to search the universes for another world like earth , one where vampires exist and their venom is intact . '' 
 `` who decided ? '' 
 `` the spell . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` it 's all hocus-pocus , '' viggo murmured . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we do n't understand it either . '' 
 sofie ignored him . 
 `` you 're being transported to another world-one that is identical to ours . '' 
 `` and there are vampires there as well ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` it seems you 've found some already . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 `` they 're ... vampires ? '' 
 i whispered , my face twisting in shock . 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 my caden is a vampire ? 
 he was so sweet , so kind , so beautiful . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 i did n't want to . 
 i hesitated before asking , `` how is my going over there supposed to fix this problem for you ? '' 
 `` sofie told us that you would be transformed into a vampire and come back with the ability to convert humans , '' mortimer answered flatly . 
 `` that 's not what i said ! '' 
 sofie yelled . 
 i barely heard her . 
 mortimer 's words were like an electric shock coursing through my body . 
 `` i 'm supposed to be a vampire ? '' 
 i whispered , my eyes wide . 
 `` i wanted to tell you , evangeline ! 
 she - '' viggo glared at sofie '' - swore me to secrecy . 
 said she 'd hurt you if we told you ! '' 
 i bolted off the couch and pushed past max , having heard all i could handle . 
 the pendant . 
 i looked down at the precious gift sofie had given me only days earlier . 
 i needed it off , away from me-forgotten . 
 as if it never existed . 
 my hand flew to the chain and i yanked it hard enough to snap the clasp , just as sofie shrieked , `` no ! '' 
 before i could take another step , i crumpled to the floor , excruciating pain surging through my body , running along every nerve to my fingertips , seeping down into the core of my bones . 
 i gasped , unable to breathe , or scream , or see , the intensity crippling . 
 i was sure i would die . 
 i wanted to die . 
 and then the pain vanished as instantly as it had begun . 
 my eyelids fluttered open and i saw sofie leaning over me , fumbling with something around my neck . 
 `` there , it 's fixed , '' she murmured to no one in particular . 
 her pale green eyes lifted to mine then , full of anguish . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , evangeline , '' she whispered , `` but please do n't take this necklace off again , or you will die . '' 
 11 . 
 cursed sofie 's warning rang in my ears as she scooped my limp body into her arms as if i were a frail child . 
 she carried me back to the couch i had stormed away from and set me down gently . 
 i wanted to fight back , to resist her help , but i could n't even lift my hand . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hollow . 
 `` sofie 's curse , darling . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 witches can be such wicked creatures , '' i heard viggo murmur . 
 i rolled my head to regard sofie . 
 the distress in her eyes appeared genuine . 
 but i knew better than to believe it now . 
 i turned back to stare vacantly at the coffered ceiling . 
 seconds strung into minutes as energy slowly returned to my limbs . 
 my jagged breathing competed with the crackling of the fire as the only sound in the room . 
 physically , the hurt had vanished . 
 there were no residual aches or pains , no scars to serve as evidence . 
 it was as if had never happened . 
 emotionally , though , the injury was as real as if sofie had held a hot branding iron to my chest . 
 the fantasy i had unwittingly created in my head , where i was finally welcomed and accepted-even loved-had instantly crumbled to dust . 
 of course there was an ulterior motive . 
 of course sofie was n't doing all of this because she enjoyed my company . 
 i am such an idiot . 
 still too weak to fight gravity , my hand slid up over my stomach to touch the pendant , to feel the smooth stone rolling under my fingertips . 
 it was no longer mere jewelry . 
 i could sense the chain coiled around my neck as surely as if it were a tight noose . 
 closing my eyes , i pictured sofie ready to kick the stool out from under me . 
 `` here . 
 sit up and have some water , '' viggo said , offering me his hand and then a glass . 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 i asked , accepting both with a small smile of thanks . 
 `` the spell is unclear , '' sofie said softly . 
 `` i ca n't see beyond you transporting to this world . 
 it 's like getting an instruction manual with a large chunk missing from it . 
 i assumed it would involve you being transformed into one of us . 
 you would then have the venom to create more of our kind here . 
 but clearly , based on what happened last night , i was wrong . '' 
 `` you put a spell on me and you do n't even know how it works ? '' 
 `` is n't it terrible ? 
 again , evangeline : we had no control over what she was doing , '' viggo said . 
 a low , feral sound came from sofie but with one sharp glare from mortimer , her face went expressionless again . 
 `` the pendant rejected the venom . 
 it 's protecting you in this other world-masking your heartbeat , changing the taste of your blood . '' 
 `` and how are we supposed to know how it 'll work ? '' 
 i demanded , hearing the bitterness in my voice . 
 `` sofie is trying to - '' viggo began . 
 `` i know what you need to do now , '' sophie interjected . 
 `` oh , really . '' 
 mortimer 's voice was hard , suspicious . 
 `` how convenient that you finally know something . '' 
 sofie ignored him . 
 `` you need to bring one of them back . 
 the pendant will tell you how , exactly . 
 it 's sentient . 
 it will communicate with you . '' 
 i peered down at the pendant , muttering , `` so i 'm going to start hearing voices ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' sofie said , adding , `` you will know when it happens . '' 
 her candor did n't ease my anxiety . 
 i dropped my gaze to the floor , focusing on a knot in the hardwood . 
 the stabbing pain of sofie 's betrayal had begun to fade , replaced by an all too familiar emptiness that slowly crept through my body . 
 it was the numbness of loss-loss of an illusion of friendship i had quickly accepted as reality . 
 i was delusional , after all . 
 and humiliated . 
 here i was , unwittingly the butt of a secret-a pawn , greedily accepting the gifts they showered upon me , turning a blind eye to the fighting and screaming . 
 the disturbing fact was , i now had an explanation for the bites and the old sweat clothes-albeit an insane one-and that brought me some small comfort . 
 `` is there anything else i need to know ? '' 
 i was n't sure i could handle anymore . 
 `` no , '' mortimer answered abruptly . 
 another growl from max . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` what if i want to go home ? '' 
 `` this is your home for now , '' viggo answered calmly . 
 `` it 's for the best . 
 for your safety , until this is all sorted out . '' 
 the thought of leaving these walls-my elegantly wallpapered and decorated prison walls-brought me back to the attack . 
 `` who were those people in the park ? '' 
 `` no one you need to worry about . '' 
 viggo smiled gently . 
 `` they wo n't bother you anymore . '' 
 no , of course not . 
 they 've been stuffed into bags by now . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` you probably need some time to yourself , '' sofie suggested . 
 i was glad for the dismissal , wanting to get as far away from her as possible-as far as my prison bars would allow . 
 i left the library without glancing in her direction , picking up speed until i was sprinting to my room . 
 throwing open my bedroom door , i yelped in surprise . 
 sofie stood in front of the fireplace , her back to me , studying her painting . 
 `` how did you - '' i did n't bother finishing . 
 just further proof that she is n't human . 
 max nudged me into the room as he barged through the door behind me . 
 once in , he sauntered over to my bedside and sat down , no longer the frothing , protective guard dog . 
 i guess he did n't see sofie as a threat to me . 
 so much for canine intuition . 
 `` we understand this is a lot to absorb , '' she said , turning to walk toward me , her face an emblem of sadness . 
 for a second a pang of sorrow pulled at my heart . 
 but then i remembered what she had done to me and that grief dissolved . 
 it was all a masquerade . 
 none of it was genuine . 
 she reached up to place a hand on my shoulder . 
 i recoiled . 
 slowly dropping her arm , she sighed , her expression going blank . 
 `` it 's best to keep some things to yourself for now , until you know them more . 
 do n't tell them why you 're there or anything about the necklace . 
 and keep out of trouble . 
 you could easily have died last night , if that vampire had n't controlled himself . '' 
 `` he said my blood did n't taste right ... or human ... something like that , '' i mumbled , remembering the attacker 's words , suddenly finding them offensive . 
 there was nothing wrong with my blood . 
 but something else dawned on me . 
 `` wait . 
 what if he had n't ? 
 what if the vampire had n't tried to convert me and kept draining me of all my blood ? 
 i 'd be dead-weren ' t you worried that would happen ? '' 
 sofie pursed her lips . 
 `` it did n't happen so there 's no use worrying about it . 
 and anyway , the spell is irreversible . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i moved away until my back hit the wall , trying to distance myself from her-the evil vampire sorceress . 
 `` well , alright then . 
 be safe tonight . '' 
 she moved as if to head out the door . 
 but in the next instant she was beside me , gripping my arm tightly . 
 `` do n't trust any of our kind , including viggo , '' she whispered , the words coming in a rush , `` and do n't do what the pendant tells you to , yet . '' 
 and then she vanished , leaving me thinking i may have imagined her words . 
 was she trying to pit me against viggo and mortimer now , too ? 
 why ? 
 she was the one who had tricked me-cursed me . 
 i obviously knew not to trust her . 
 but viggo-who was as blameless in all of this as i was-was asking for my help . 
 is this even happening ? 
 i wondered as i walked toward my bed . 
 maybe this was the dream that i 'd wake up from soon . 
 i pinched my arm but only winced at the pain . 
 this is real . 
 vampires exist . 
 witches exist . 
 viggo and mortimer are vampires . 
 sofie is a vampire sorceress . 
 the giant dog lying down on the other side of the room is ... i do n't know what he is . 
 the three of them , fawning over me , a socially awkward stranger with no friends , giving me gifts and kindness ... i should have known something was not right . 
 i sighed . 
 i was n't nancy drew-not unless nancy drew was blind and deaf . 
 an awful numbness was taking over . 
 i 'm sure anger was there , buried deep under a blanket of shock and confusion , but it was all rolled up and somehow encapsulated within the numbness . 
 i never understood why anyone described it as a lack of feeling when , to me , there was definitely a sensation with being `` numb '' ; not one i could describe , except to say it felt wrong . 
 a glance out the window showed night looming . 
 if i could force myself to stay awake for the night , maybe sofie 's curse would n't work . 
 but if not , if i did get pulled into this dream world that i now knew was n't a dream world , i had to prepare myself . 
 they were vampires . 
 they might bite me and drain me of my blood . 
 except that they had n't done anything like that yet . 
 they had protected me . 
 when i was lying in caden 's arms , bleeding profusely , he could easily have finished me off , but he did n't . 
 none of them had . 
 the more i tried , the harder it was to picture amelie , with her bouncy curls and childlike smile , being murderous . 
 or caden ... perfect caden . 
 they could n't be bad . 
 they had to be like viggo and mortimer-good vampires . 
 it was pitch black this time . 
 i could n't see any shadows , any outlines , anything at all . 
 i sucked in a deep breath , trying to calm myself . 
 `` hold on , '' a male voice called out . 
 a light appeared to my left . 
 i turned to see caden anchoring a burning torch into a wall bracket . 
 even with my spirit drained from the day 's revelations , my heart still skipped a beat at the sight of him , and i knew it was n't out of fear . 
 the possibility that he was a vampire was trivial . 
 that he was no longer a figment of my imagination , that i was standing in front of him ... that made me jittery . 
 oh my god . 
 i had all but professed my undying love to him the last time i was here , when i thought it was a dream . 
 right before i insulted his taste in women . 
 blood rushed to my head along with my mortification . 
 the room began to spin . 
 i reached out , searching for a support , and my hand grazed something cool and smooth and hard . 
 i turned to see the statue . 
 the conduit . 
 `` is that - '' i began , but my voice ended in a croak when caden appeared in front of me , gingerly reaching for my bandaged hand . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 his face twisted with worry . 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 it 's okay , '' i stammered , melting with the feel of my hand cradled in his . 
 his vampire hand . 
 without thinking , i yanked my hand away . 
 when i hazarded a look up , i found his jade green eyes watching me . 
 he nodded slightly , a strange expression on his face , as if acknowledging something . 
 he knows ... he knows that i know . 
 we stared at each other for a long , silent moment . 
 then he thrust a set of clothes into my uninjured hand . 
 `` you should put these on , in case we have more visitors , '' he said quietly . 
 i glanced down to see the same type of nondescript sweats i 'd put on the other night . 
 heat crawled up my neck as i recalled the last time caden had handed me clothes . 
 it was right before he kissed me . 
 i had made out with a vampire . 
 and enjoyed it , immensely . 
 `` is this the same statue as in the woods ? '' 
 i asked hoarsely , turning to point at the statue , desperate to change the topic . 
 i looked back to find myself talking to an empty cave . 
 i fumbled slowly with the clothes , my injured hand awkward . 
 i had n't bothered undressing earlier that evening , opting to cuddle with max until the blaze of the pendant and the fatigue set in , the warning sign that sofie 's curse was about to take me . 
 i had held onto max tightly , begging him to come with me , to protect me . 
 but it had n't worked and here i stood , alone . 
 alone in a cave full of bloodthirsty vampires . 
 were they really bloodthirsty , though ? 
 now wearing my disguise , i retrieved the torch and followed the sound of distant voices . 
 i found the group circling a fire in the same giant cave as the previous night . 
 four faces turned to smile at me . 
 four beautiful faces . 
 i looked around ; rachel was nowhere to be seen . 
 relief washed over me . 
 okay , try to act normal . 
 small talk . 
 `` is that my statue back there ? '' 
 amelie nodded . 
 `` it was caden 's idea to bring it here so we would n't have to sit down in the valley , waiting for you . 
 it worked ! 
 clever . '' 
 amelie 's springy curls bobbed as she turned her head to smile proudly at her brother . 
 `` we replaced your statue in the woods with an imitation that fiona created , in case someone wanders out there . '' 
 `` it looks more like a fat , drunk ogre , but it should work-from a distance , '' fiona said with a nervous giggle . 
 amelie walked over , reaching out to take my hand , her brow furrowed in concern as caden 's had been . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` minor mishap , '' i said , consciously not pulling away this time . 
 `` so ... do you still think you 're dreaming ? '' 
 fiona asked . 
 by her tone , i could tell she knew the answer . 
 caden had told them . 
 there was no point lying . 
 i gave them a small smile and shook my head . 
 `` come , sit , '' amelie said , taking my other hand and pulling me to a bench . 
 i sat down , ever aware of caden 's attentive eyes studying me from across the fire . 
 `` where 's rachel ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not here , thank god , '' i heard amelie murmur under her breath , followed by , `` she 's watching over the fake statue . 
 we all took shifts down there in case the switch did n't work and you showed up down there . 
 she 'll be back soon . '' 
 there was no mistaking the contempt in her voice . 
 i glanced at caden to check the effect of his sister 's tone but his face showed no emotion , his eyes still intently focused on me . 
 probably wondering what my blood tastes like . 
 `` what happened , exactly , to make you believe us ? '' 
 fiona asked . 
 `` you mean , besides these ? '' 
 i reached up and lightly touched the bite marks on my neck . 
 they all cringed . 
 `` still hurt ? '' 
 bishop asked , unusually serious . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it would seem that i 'm surrounded by vampires , giant unkillable dogs , and a vampire-witch who put a curse on me . '' 
 i suddenly began laughing , finding my predicament comical now that i had said it out loud for the first time . 
 `` why ? '' 
 caden asked , his eyes widening . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 apparently sofie was messing around with magic and fried their venom . 
 now they ca n't ` breed . ' '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` i 'm supposed to come here and find a way to fix it . '' 
 silence filled the cave . 
 `` you 're handling this well , '' fiona said softly . 
 `` i 'm glad it looks that way , '' i answered , staring down at the fire . 
 `` are you afraid ? '' 
 caden asked quietly . 
 `` yes , terrified , '' i answered truthfully , looking up into those beautiful , vibrant green eyes . 
 good vampire . 
 definitely has to be a good vampire . 
 `` and you understand what we are ? '' 
 he asked , his jaw taut . 
 he had n't enjoyed asking that question . 
 `` you 're ... like viggo and mortimer and sofie ? '' 
 he nodded once . 
 `` viggo and mortimer ... yes . '' 
 i swallowed the giant lump blocking my throat . 
 well , there 's no denying it now . 
 `` but sofie ... not quite . 
 you said she was also a sorceress ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` interesting . '' 
 caden 's eyes flickered to his sister 's but their expressions were unreadable . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because sorceresses ca n't become vampires . 
 it 's impossible . 
 the venom kills them . '' 
 so sofie was still lying to me . 
 i should have known . 
 `` in my experience , humans tend to freak out and run the other way , crossing themselves in prayer repeatedly when they find themselves in the company of a vampire . 
 they do n't willingly share a campfire with four of them . '' 
 amelie 's tone was light , but her eyes were earnest , as if she expected me to turn and run at any second . 
 `` i still might , but right now it 's too cold , '' i said , a small smile on my lips . 
 laughter filled the cave . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you , '' amelie said softly . 
 could i believe her ? 
 looking at that angelic face and kind smile , there was n't a part of me that felt i was in peril . 
 then again , i had felt safe with sofie . 
 my sense of self-preservation was n't exactly top-quality . 
 `` well , i figured you guys were the good kind . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 caden 's voice rose , his face screwing up . 
 `` viggo told me most of the stuff about you guys is myth . '' 
 `` and you believed him ? '' 
 i did n't miss the scorn in his tone . 
 `` caden , '' amelie warned . 
 `` you 're so sure we wo n't attack you ? '' 
 caden continued , on his feet and pacing now . 
 `` caden , '' amelie said through clenched teeth . 
 i glanced warily at her . 
 `` well , you did n't attack me yesterday and you ca n't get much closer than that , so ... '' caden 's eyes widened in surprise . 
 `` after i was bitten , i mean . 
 with all the blood ! '' 
 i stammered , realizing that it sounded like i was referring to everything leading up to it . 
 bishop barked out laughter . 
 `` we do n't have time for that right now . 
 you can test it out again later , '' he said , followed by , `` and i do n't mean after you were bitten . '' 
 i felt my face blaze , likely a hideous shade of beet red . 
 why would caden tell him ? 
 or maybe bishop was reading my mind . 
 maybe that was n't a myth . 
 oh god , i hope caden ca n't read my mind . 
 caden gave bishop a shove in response , sending him flying into the cave wall . 
 chunks of rock crumbled to the ground as bishop 's back made impact but the blonde vampire simply stood up and brushed himself off , smiling broadly , proud of the ribbing . 
 it was such a pleasant smile that i cringed when it disappeared , his face twisting up in disgust . 
 i found out why when an unwelcomed voice sang out at the cave entrance , `` what 's got you so upset , my love ? '' 
 `` oh good , you 're back , '' amelie answered dryly . 
 rachel glowered at her . 
 `` you 're lucky caden feels an odd sense of obligation to you , otherwise i 'd - '' `` look who 's back ! '' 
 caden said , pointing in my direction . 
 rachel turned to glance at me , her smile falling short of genuine , before turning to bestow a loving gaze on caden . 
 `` it seems your scheme with the statue switch worked , '' she purred , forcing him onto the bench and climbing onto his lap . 
 she planted an inappropriately long kiss on his lips . 
 i averted my gaze , not because of the uncomfortable public show of affection but because the twinge of jealousy pained me a thousand times more than my injured hand or even the bite from the night before . 
 it went on , even as bishop cleared his throat loudly and amelie let out an exasperated sigh . 
 i had to find some way to peel rachel off caden . 
 `` sofie said the pendant is magical , '' i blurted , ignoring sofie 's warnings . 
 `` it gets me here and it protects my human traits , like the scent of my blood and my heartbeat . 
 it takes time to adjust sometimes , though . '' 
 it worked . 
 rachel stopped mauling caden . 
 `` like when you get all flustered and red near my caden ? '' 
 she asked sweetly . 
 my face felt like it had burst into flames as a renewed surge of humiliation struck . 
 `` seems it has n't adjusted yet . '' 
 she giggled viciously . 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 amelie quickly asked . 
 `` um ... i do n't know . 
 every night my necklace begins to burn and i fall asleep . 
 then i wake up the next morning back in my bed . '' 
 `` the time in between your visits is weeks here , '' fiona commented , frowning . 
 `` and if one of us were to put that necklace on , i wonder what would happen , '' rachel murmured , eyeing my pendant keenly . 
 memories of excruciating pain had me shaking my head with panic . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 it ca n't come off , not even for a second , or i 'll die . '' 
 `` only the quickest of seconds ... '' rachel said , off caden 's lap and standing over me in an instant , a hand clamped over the chain . 
 `` leave it alone , '' caden said , appearing beside her . 
 his hand closed over hers , stopping her from yanking the chain off and killing me . 
 her left eyebrow arched severely . 
 he replied with a hard stare of his own . 
 i turned to look at amelie . 
 her eyes were locked on the two of them ; she looked ready to spring . 
 after a few tense seconds , caden 's shoulders visibly relaxed . 
 he wrapped his free arm affectionately around rachel . 
 `` if she dies , we 'll have to wait for this sorceress to send another one . '' 
 i flinched . 
 i was replaceable , like a goldfish . 
 but his callous words worked . 
 rachel 's icy glare melted into adoring eyes and a childlike giggle . 
 then those snake eyes turned to me . 
 `` so you can bring us back with you ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to answer , but sofie 's warning rang loudly in my mind : do n't trust our kind . 
 my instincts told me to heed the warning and , though those instincts had proven to be equivalent to those of a lobotomy patient , i decided to listen . 
 i looked straight into those yellow eyes and i shook my head . 
 it was easy to lie to her . 
 enjoyable , actually . 
 my lie prompted crestfallen expressions , which did n't make sense . 
 i looked around at their faces . 
 `` why would you want to come back with me ? '' 
 something unspoken passed between them , conveyed only with a look . 
 `` because you 're the only one left , '' fiona answered quietly . 
 i frowned . 
 `` only what left ? '' 
 `` human . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 amelie sighed heavily . 
 `` where do we begin ? 
 in our world-ratheus-humans are extinct . 
 you have been for seven hundred years . '' 
 i swallowed hard , unable to blink . 
 `` why ? 
 ... how ? '' 
 `` we caused it , '' caden answered coldly , having moved away from me to stand on the other side of the fire . 
 `` we killed them , every last one . '' 
 12 . 
 extinction a shiver ran down my spine . 
 that 's why jethro reacted the way he did when he saw me . 
 now it made sense . 
 `` not us , specifically . 
 our species-vampires , '' bishop clarified , the last word coming softly . 
 `` we did our share , though , '' caden said , turning to pace , head lowered . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i heard myself croak . 
 `` vampires were no more than a myth for thousands of years , characters in horror movies . 
 but then drained bodies with bite marks started showing up , left out for display . 
 there was a new generation of our kind-one that did n't care , that wanted people to be afraid . 
 the humans fought back in the only way they knew how : war . 
 one that escalated so quickly , it was too late to reverse the effects , by the time we found out . 
 vampires converted humans by the hundreds to build their army . 
 humans killed any vampire they could catch . 
 they even killed other humans , if there was any doubt as to what they were . '' 
 `` so your kind can be killed ? '' 
 i asked , my folklore facts not yet up to speed . 
 `` it 's hard , but yes . 
 with nuclear warfare , everything within the blast radius will die , including vampires . 
 the radiation did nothing to us , but it was deadly to the humans . 
 between the blasts and the radiation , few humans survived ; most of the world was destroyed within a few months . '' 
 i asked into the silence , `` how did you get away ? '' 
 `` there was this large island in the middle of the ocean , thousands of miles from anything else . 
 it was inhabited by people , but not overly developed-a third world country ; under the radar , so to speak . 
 many of us fled here , betting that it would survive . 
 we were right . 
 we brought humans with us , to breed . 
 but humans take too long to reproduce and their blood is too tempting . 
 they did n't last long . '' 
 `` so now you live off animals ? 
 like viggo and mortimer ? '' 
 a cynical smile touched caden 's lips . 
 `` just like them . 
 but we 're starving-always starving-without human blood . 
 some of our kind experimented with feeding off other vampires . 
 it mutated them into something altogether evil . 
 you saw it ... jethro . '' 
 i shuddered , those white , veiny eyes flashing in my mind . 
 `` how many of you are left ? '' 
 `` a lot less than there used to be . 
 there 's this self-formed council composed of the strongest and oldest of our kind . 
 they decided the population needed shrinking . 
 we , '' he gestured at the others , `` hid well and survived . 
 since then , for over seven hundred years , they 've been searching for a secret human civilization , hoping some survived somewhere in the world . 
 but we know there are n't any left . 
 deep down , we all know that . 
 no human can survive in this world . '' 
 i noted the present tense , and his silent message . 
 i was human . 
 i could n't survive here . 
 caden 's next words confirmed it . 
 `` there is no ` good and bad ' of our kind . 
 we 're all bad . '' 
 `` caden ! '' 
 bishop warned . 
 `` and if the council got hold of you , '' caden continued , ignoring him . 
 `` they 'll do anything to get to this world of yours , to have a new crop of humans to feed off . 
 it is n't safe to be around us . '' 
 `` stop saying ` we ' and ` us , ' caden . 
 we are n't like those demons , '' amelie said , throwing a withering glare in rachel 's direction . 
 `` i 'm here , are n't i ? 
 and i 've helped you so far , have n't i ? '' 
 rachel retorted haughtily . 
 `` us or yourself ? '' 
 fiona muttered . 
 `` you 're a council member , '' i said slowly . 
 `` so was jethro , '' i added , recalling his greeting the other night . 
 `` yes , and i killed him . 
 for you . 
 so you can trust me . '' 
 again , that sickly sweet smile that made my skin crawl . 
 hearing those two words , the same two words the vampire uttered before he sank his teeth into my neck , had the opposite effect . 
 i had never trusted anyone less . 
 here i was , a one-way ticket to survival for some lucky vampire . 
 if i could bring back only one of them , how would i tell them ? 
 or could i bring more than one ? 
 i had no idea ! 
 and , save for rachel , how would i choose between the others ? 
 would they make me choose ? 
 grateful i had listened to sofie 's warning , i said quickly , `` well , none of them can come back with me . '' 
 i forced down the lump that rose in my throat with the lie . 
 `` no one can . '' 
 amelie put her hands on mine . 
 `` it 's okay , evangeline . 
 we 're not like them . '' 
 `` so ... you do n't want to come back with me ? '' 
 `` oh no , we do , '' amelie answered firmly . 
 `` but not to feed off humans . '' 
 `` then why ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` to feel like we 're alive , instead of just ... '' `` existing , '' fiona finished for her . 
 `` and we 'd never hurt you to get there , '' amelie added . 
 `` but we , the four of us , are in the minority here . '' 
 another dig at rachel . 
 rachel grinned back viciously . 
 `` you 're such a convincing liar , amelie , that i almost bought it . '' 
 with a growl , amelie flew across the cave to land on top of rachel , claw-like fingers raking at her neck , drawing blood . 
 rachel answered with a swift kick and an equally vicious shriek , intentionally launching amelie toward the fire . 
 luckily fiona was there to catch her before she could land in it . 
 caden 's arms wrapped around rachel 's body in the next second , holding her tightly to him , trying to restrain her . 
 `` are you insane ? 
 i 'm stronger than all of you put together ! '' 
 she shrieked , her face turning demonic with rage . 
 `` go get some air . 
 i 'll be out in a minute , '' caden murmured , his hand softly caressing rachel 's cheek . 
 i noticed his jaw was clenched , though . 
 `` please , '' he added through gritted teeth . 
 rachel snorted and , whirling , stormed out of the cave . 
 `` are you an idiot ? '' 
 caden hissed . 
 amelie glared at him . 
 `` you brought this on us . 
 fix it , '' she responded . 
 caden 's face softened , as if amelie had reminded him of something he had forgotten . 
 he turned to me , his eyes full of concern . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 no , i was n't okay . 
 they had just confirmed that my original fears were true-or mostly true : i was in danger . 
 i 'd be hunted if this council found out about me . 
 but i nodded . 
 those beautiful eyes hardened . 
 `` you should n't be . 
 do n't be a fool , evangeline . 
 whatever this viggo told you is likely a lie . 
 that 's what our kind does-we lie . 
 we deceive . 
 we are evil . '' 
 his tone , cold and detached , threw the words like a sharp slap across my face . 
 he was so different from the previous two nights . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 bishop boomed . 
 i nodded , silent . 
 fiona threw an exasperated glare at caden and came over to pull me off the bench . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go for a walk . 
 this mountain is honeycombed with neat caves . '' 
 she linked her arm through mine . 
 `` wait up , '' amelie called from behind us , doing an impossible leap into the air to grab a torch . 
 i looked back once as we left the cavern . 
 caden stood by the fire , those jade eyes regarding me without expression . 
 i could feel the weight of the mountain above us as we strolled down a long tunnel , the torch casting eerie shadows beyond jutting stalagmites and scattered stones . 
 `` well , at least the pendant will protect you while you 're here , '' fiona assured me . 
 `` we ca n't sense your blood . 
 it 's as if you 're one of us . '' 
 and what if they could smell my blood ? 
 is that all that 's keeping them from biting me ? 
 `` how did you figure out i was human , then ? '' 
 i asked aloud . 
 `` you were holding your breath underwater , '' amelie answered matter-of-factly . 
 `` we do n't breathe , so we do n't need to hold our breath . 
 then you went and knocked yourself unconscious on that tree root , and-well , we 're not clumsy and we 're never unconscious . '' 
 `` not even when you sleep ? '' 
 i asked . 
 fiona laughed . 
 `` sleep is needed to rest and rejuvenate the body . 
 we never tire so we never sleep . '' 
 made sense , i guess . 
 i wondered what it was like not to sleep . 
 `` sometimes we meditate , though , and we get so deeply into it that it seems like we 're sleeping , '' fiona added . 
 `` so , tell us about yourself , evangeline ! '' 
 amelie said in a musical lilt . 
 it was as if the near-death skirmish with rachel five minutes before had never even happened . 
 `` um ... there 's not really much to tell . 
 i 'm pretty vanilla . '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 sure there is . 
 tell us everything ! 
 what 're your hobbies , your passions , your pet peeves ? 
 what do you like to do ? 
 who is ` evangeline ' ? '' 
 she said with theatrical flair . 
 i laughed . 
 `` you 'd make a great actress . '' 
 amelie grinned . 
 `` i thought so too ! 
 i was going to be an actress , a famous broadway one . 
 but then this happened . '' 
 she gestured to her mouth , baring white teeth and hissing like a cat . 
 it should have frightened me , but it was comical . 
 i laughed . 
 `` anyway , after that , i was ... distracted by other things . 
 now , there 's not exactly an opportunity . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 obscurity is key . 
 you ca n't exactly be famous when you 're a vampire . 
 after all , you can only explain your youthful appearance with plastic surgery for so long , '' amelie babbled , then waved her hand rapidly to and fro . 
 `` but enough about me . 
 we want to know everything about you ! '' 
 i did n't know where to begin . 
 no one had ever asked me to summarize my existence so directly . 
 no one ever asked me much about myself at all anymore . 
 i switched schools so frequently that no one noticed when i came or left . 
 it was as if i did n't exist . 
 `` amelie 's excited , if you ca n't tell , '' fiona said , chuckling . 
 `` we have n't met someone we 've liked in seven hundred years . '' 
 ` someone we 've liked . ' 
 are they just staying that ? 
 `` start with something easy . 
 your family . '' 
 i faltered . 
 `` i live with a foster family . 
 they 're kind of strange . 
 i do n't really know them , to be honest . '' 
 `` and your parents ? '' 
 `` gone . '' 
 i offered a small smile . 
 sensing my discomfort , they changed gears . 
 `` do you have a boyfriend ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 no boyfriend . 
 ever . 
 not even an interested party . 
 `` okay , tell us about your friends . 
 what 's your best friend 's name ? '' 
 `` oh ... um ... '' i faltered again . 
 `` it 's tough to say ... '' no it 's not . 
 it 's easy . 
 you have no friends . 
 you 're a leper . 
 the truth was , i used to have friends , but they vanished after my mother 's death . 
 i blamed myself for unintentionally alienating them while dealing with my loss . 
 the few times i had attempted to start conversations and cultivate friendships since then had failed , the intended participants unresponsive . 
 it was n't until i began volunteering at the shelters that i achieved some level of human interaction . 
 and then there had been sofie ... a hollow ache filled my heart as i remembered the high expectations i 'd set , the night i met her and the days following , until the moment i learned her true intentions . 
 luckily , fiona 's voice interrupted my pity party . 
 `` okay , let 's start with an easy question . '' 
 fiona glanced at amelie . 
 `` what 's your favorite flower ? '' 
 i smiled wistfully . 
 finally , one i could answer . 
 `` daisies . '' 
 amelie 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` really ? 
 they 're so plain . '' 
 `` i prefer ` simple and elegant . ' '' 
 amelie thought about that . 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 she skipped gaily down the path . 
 `` favorite music ? '' 
 fiona asked . 
 `` jazz . 
 i know ... '' i said , grinning when i saw amelie turn around to give me a baffled look . 
 `` but it reminds me of my mother . '' 
 she smiled wistfully , her thoughts wandering somewhere for the moment . 
 `` fair enough . 
 favorite food ? '' 
 `` anything in a pie . '' 
 and so it went as we walked , fiona and amelie drilling me on every trivial detail they could think of . 
 it was the conversation of normal girls getting to know each other-albeit quiz-like-not two vampires and a cursed soul . 
 `` you know who loves reading as well ? '' 
 amelia asked as i mentioned my unhealthy obsession with books . 
 `` caden . 
 there could be a train wreck two feet away and his eyes would n't have lifted from the page . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 my heart skipped a beat at that tidbit of information . 
 i was hungry for more-as much as possible . 
 `` so ... he does n't like reading anymore ? '' 
 i asked casually . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure he does , but there are n't any books to read , '' amelie responded . 
 `` evangeline , you do n't understand . 
 this world ... it 's like living in medieval times , only worse . 
 we 're moving in reverse . 
 nothing 's left-no books , no phones , no computers , no electricity , no cars , no music . 
 bishop would kill for music . 
 i used to sing to him . 
 apparently i 've ruined classic rock , '' fiona said , a grim smile on her face . 
 `` i 'd kill for a long , hot shower ... literally , '' amelie added . 
 my foot caught a pebble then and i listened to it skip along the ground . 
 this world was sounding more dreadful by the minute . 
 and here i was , feeling sorry for myself and my five-star prison waiting back home . 
 we turned a sharp corner in the tunnel and fiona held up a hand . 
 `` stay here , '' she instructed before disappearing into the darkness . 
 `` what 's she doing ? '' 
 i whispered to amelie . 
 she turned to smile at me , her green eyes twinkling with excitement . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 flame after flame suddenly appeared as if on an automatic remote , illuminating fiona as she moved quickly around , lighting torches . 
 when dozens were lit , when they cast enough light on the area , i gasped , all thoughts of prison and curses vanishing as my eyes glimpsed paradise . 
 `` at least we have this , '' amelie sighed . 
 directly ahead of us , a waterfall at least thirty feet high quietly tumbled down a wall of rock into a small lake , the water glistening invitingly in the torchlight . 
 several large boulders rose from the surface of the lake , creating private little alcoves . 
 steam rose off the water 's surface . 
 the entire scene looked man-made , so perfect in design and so out of place , deep within this cave , that i half expected palm trees and ferns . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i heard my awed voice ask . 
 `` do n't know , but it 's beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 fiona crouched down to test the water with her hand . 
 i could only nod in agreement . 
 `` go swimming if you want , '' amelie offered . 
 `` you have bathing suits ? '' 
 i asked in surprise . 
 she laughed . 
 `` it 's just us girls here . '' 
 `` maybe later , '' i said , glancing back at the cave entrance . 
 i would n't risk being caught naked in front of caden again . 
 i had already filled my quota the other night . 
 `` fiona and bishop practically live in here . '' 
 amelie smirked , winking devilishly at the crouching vampire , who returned the wink . 
 `` no wonder jethro 's had designs on this mountain for seven hundred years , '' fiona quipped , laughing as she rolled off her feet to turn up the torn ends of her pants and dip her legs into the pool . 
 amelie mimicked her and reached her hand out to me , beckoning me to join them . 
 i happily obliged , sitting down between them to take off my sneakers and socks before sliding my feet into the warm , soothing water . 
 `` it 's like bathwater , '' i murmured . 
 `` i know . 
 we ca n't explain it , '' fiona said . 
 `` it 's definitely warmer than that river you found me in , right ? '' 
 amelie said , kicking the water playfully to splash me . 
 `` why did jethro want to drown you , anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , he was n't trying to drown me , '' she answered matter-of-factly . 
 `` he tied a cinder block to your ankles and dropped you in the river and he was n't trying to drown you ? '' 
 i asked skeptically . 
 `` we ca n't drown , evangeline , remember ? '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 i forgot . 
 sorry . 
 it 's going to take some time to get used to all this . '' 
 i 'm never going to be used to this . 
 amelie continued . 
 `` we can starve , though . 
 the stuff they tied around my wrists and ankles is called ` merth . ' 
 it saps all of our energy . 
 and it hurts . 
 my god ! 
 like a thousand tiny razor blades , cutting into our skin . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` exactly . 
 no vampire can touch it . 
 well , except for mutants like jethro . 
 when they mutate , they become immune . 
 it falls apart under a human 's touch though , as you noticed . '' 
 `` oh . 
 so why did jethro want to starve you , then ? '' 
 i amended . 
 `` he was teaching me a lesson for killing a grizzly in his territory . '' 
 my gaze dropped to amelie 's slender frame , trying to picture the diminutive thing wrestling a ferocious grizzly bear with her bare hands . 
 it was impossible ; i just could n't see it . 
 there was nothing intimidating about her , aside from her outlandishly beautiful face . 
 all of them-save for rachel-seemed so normal . 
 so human . 
 had i witnessed one of them tearing jethro and his friends up , or if i had seen caden skewer and torch the ape man , maybe i would n't be so comfortable right now . 
 but i had n't seen it . 
 i 'd only seen the aftermath and in my mind , the two did n't connect . 
 even with caden 's grave warning and his change in attitude toward me , i was n't afraid of them . 
 except rachel . 
 was my intuition that pathetic ? 
 or were they tricking me ? 
 `` are you guys using your powers on me ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 they both laughed . 
 `` no , we would n't do that . 
 but we do n't blame you for being paranoid . 
 besides , we ca n't , '' amelie said . 
 `` so that 's a myth ? '' 
 `` oh no , it 's not . 
 but it wo n't work on you . 
 we think it 's because of your necklace . 
 caden tried the first night , before jethro came , to keep you quiet , remember ? 
 but you started yammering away again . '' 
 amelie 's hand opened and closed like a yapping mouth , teasing me . 
 i thought back to that night , tucked into the alcove with caden ... those deep pools that were his eyes , pulling me in . 
 i remembered , alright . 
 `` i know ; it 's hard not to like me , '' amelie said , throwing her arm around my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm extremely charming . '' 
 `` and so modest , '' fiona murmured , dipping her hand into the water to splash amelie . 
 smiling , she put her hand on my arm . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll keep you safe . 
 nothing will happen to you . '' 
 her smile suddenly faded as her eyes dropped to my pendant . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , a second before i noticed the constant burning against my chest begin to fade . 
 i looked down in time to see the fire in my pendant blink out , leaving the heart its original dull black . 
 fiona quickly slid away from me , pulling her hand back as if i 'd just admitted that i had a communicable disease . 
 amelie 's arm dropped from my shoulder as well , but it was to grasp my hand tightly in hers . 
 `` let go of her , '' a voice shouted behind us . 
 i turned to see caden rush in , rachel on his heels . 
 `` it might work , '' amelie murmured . 
 she 's trying to come back with me , i realized . 
 `` that 's not the issue , amelie , '' caden yelled . 
 `` i wo n't hurt her , '' she snapped . 
 `` you have no way of knowing that . '' 
 i did n't hear the rest of the argument . 
 13 . 
 bribery the first thing i saw was the clock on the bedside table . 
 two in the afternoon . 
 the second thing was max 's giant snout , welcoming me with a rub against my cheek . 
 amelie . 
 i rolled over to find the other side of my bed was empty . 
 it had n't worked . 
 i exhaled slowly , feeling a twinge of disappointment . 
 if only it could be that easy . 
 `` what happened last night ? '' 
 i yelped in surprise at the sound of sofie 's voice , and bolted upright . 
 she was standing at the end of my bed , along with viggo and mortimer . 
 `` you 're a jumpy girl , are n't you ? '' 
 mortimer observed , smirking . 
 `` do you blame her , with everything that 's happened to her ? '' 
 viggo retorted . 
 `` what happened last night ? '' 
 sofie repeated , ignoring them . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` did you learn anything new ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` yes ... they 're all vampires , '' i sneered , hoping that being unpleasant would give me some level of satisfaction . 
 it did n't . 
 viggo smiled warmly . 
 `` you 're still angry with sofie . 
 we understand . '' 
 he walked over to sit on the edge of my bed , reaching for my hand . 
 max growled . 
 `` okay , okay , i understand , max . 
 you 're worried about her . '' 
 he smiled soothingly at the dog and placed his hands in his lap . 
 `` tell us about your night . 
 and why are you wearing those dreadful rags ? '' 
 i eyed him suspiciously . 
 is caden right ? 
 am i a naive fool , falling for the act of a psychopath in disguise ? 
 glancing down , i saw the dark clothes caden had given me to protect me from the army of vampires ready to tear me apart . 
 `` all the humans are gone . 
 extinct . 
 killed by vampires over seven hundred years ago , '' i said flatly . 
 `` apparently they have more bad vampires than good . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 viggo 's brow furrowed . 
 `` tell us everything . '' 
 when i finished recapping the war on ratheus , mortimer and sofie 's expressions were beyond grim . 
 only viggo smiled . 
 `` well , this is good news ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 my brow furrowed . 
 `` how is this good news ? '' 
 `` they 'll be more than willing to help you get out of there ! 
 what does this world look like ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i did n't see much of it . 
 they 're hiding me in this mountain cave with this amazing oasis that you can swim in , except they do n't have bathing suits because they do n't have anything . 
 no electricity , no books , no nice clothes - '' mortimer interrupted my rambling . 
 `` so they 're all seven hundred years old ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` at least . 
 and there 's a council of vampires who dictate everything . 
 they 're thousands of years old . 
 they 'll kill me if they get hold of me , according to caden . '' 
 `` oh , this caden is smart . 
 it 's best you stay away from them . 
 we do n't want one of them coming back here . '' 
 is caden smart enough to see through your mask , viggo ? 
 `` what 's wrong , viggo , feeling threatened by someone older than you ? '' 
 sofie said , smiling haughtily . 
 he responded with a tight-lipped smile of his own . 
 leo entered silently then , carrying a steaming cup of coffee for me . 
 i wanted to throw my arms around the sweet old butler . 
 `` did the necklace tell you anything ? '' 
 i shook my head , my eyes darting briefly to sofie as i took a sip from the mug , remembering her warning . 
 `` that 's too bad , '' viggo said . 
 `` what does she need to do ? '' 
 mortimer demanded of sofie . 
 she thought for a moment . 
 `` not sure . 
 this makes things a little more complicated . 
 she may only be able to bring one back , so how can she choose ... '' `` i do n't care if the rest of them rot alone there , as long as one comes back . '' 
 mortimer 's teeth were clenched in anger . 
 `` mortimer ! '' 
 viggo chastised . 
 `` a little compassion ! '' 
 sofie spoke quickly . 
 `` she can bring them some things-an act of kindness , given their predicament . 
 maybe they 'll be more inclined to keep her safe . '' 
 bribery . 
 mortimer 's eyes narrowed in suspicion . 
 `` i thought you said things ca n't transfer . '' 
 `` i said living things , '' sofie replied in a condescending tone . 
 `` people . 
 but i have an idea that might work . '' 
 `` wonderful , sofie , '' viggo said . 
 `` the first one you 've had in a while ... why do n't you get on that right away ? 
 there 's money in the library desk . '' 
 sofie forced a smile . 
 `` of course , viggo . 
 i just need to get an idea of sizes and needs from evangeline . '' 
 several hours later , i slid my arms through the straps of an over-stuffed mountain bag . 
 it was the same height as me and likely equaled my weight , making it impossible for me to walk while wearing it . 
 sofie , with her inhuman strength , effortlessly propped it up against the bed frame so it would n't topple over as she adjusted all the straps . 
 `` what 's in here ? '' 
 `` just some things for your friends . '' 
 `` to bribe them ? '' 
 she glanced up at me . 
 `` it does n't matter why . 
 think about how happy they 'll be when you give it to them . '' 
 like how happy i was to come to new york and get showered with gifts , only to find out that i 'm cursed ? 
 `` and what happens when i bring one back ? 
 do they just have to bite someone and you 'll be happy ? '' 
 `` something like that , '' she murmured . 
 `` there , i think those should hold . '' 
 she gently patted the straps . 
 a thought crossed my mind . 
 `` did you pack blood ? 
 human blood ? '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm asking that . 
 with lips pursed , she shook her head . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` it 's for the best . '' 
 what would it do to them ? 
 i wondered . 
 she turned and leaned back against the bed so she was sitting beside me . 
 `` human blood tends to overpower all of our senses and logic . 
 after seven hundred years , they 've likely learned to compartmentalize that hunger , even think that they 've forgotten it . 
 they do n't need to be reminded . 
 it would be cruel . 
 and i do n't want them distracted from keeping you safe . '' 
 i tried to adjust my position but could n't . 
 the bag may as well have had bricks in it . 
 `` i do n't know how those sherpas walk up mountains with these things strapped to their backs , '' i mumbled , earning a soft chuckle from sofie . 
 `` do you think this will work ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` think so . '' 
 `` what 's in here ? '' 
 `` just some clothes for the girls and - '' `` for all of them ? '' 
 i silently hoped she had forgotten about rachel . 
 `` oh , that 's right . 
 which one is it you do n't like , again ? 
 rachel ? '' '' 
 she asked , smiling secretively . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 i had n't told her . 
 `` get out of my head ! '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` i ca n't read your mind , just your mood , '' she answered casually . 
 `` there was a spark of anger before , when you mentioned rachel . 
 i 'm sensing jealousy right now . 
 perhaps something to do with this caden ? '' 
 i dropped my gaze , flushing . 
 am i that obvious ? 
 she chuckled again but then her expression grew solemn . 
 `` just remember , that necklace disguises your human traits , but it does n't make you indestructible . 
 she can still kill you . '' 
 it was finally time i asked . 
 `` sofie , how does this spell work ? '' 
 she heaved a loud sigh . 
 `` it 's complicated . '' 
 she glanced over and saw my frustration . 
 `` i 'll explain the basics . '' 
 she stretched her legs out in front of her . 
 `` there are two kinds of spells . 
 little , easy spells that you can learn and do anytime , anywhere-start fires , disguise yourself , that kind of stuff . 
 but then there are other spells , where you 're directly altering fate-life and death . 
 that 's a causal enchantment spell . '' 
 `` is that what you cast on me ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` those spells draw on energies from the earth-everything from the atmosphere to inert materials you use every day . 
 they also draw on the emotions of the spell-casters , even if those feelings are deeply buried . 
 arguably , these emotions are what form the end result of the spell . 
 the spell itself , though ethereal , becomes a life force as it weaves these other sources together . 
 it is set when it decides on the most suitable response to the spell-caster 's dilemma and imprints the knowledge within his or her mind . '' 
 i tried picturing something intangible weaving other intangible things into an invisible blanket that would send me to another universe . 
 it sounded like something a group of hippies on acid might have long debates over . 
 `` so , when you cast the spell on me , you did n't know it would send me to this other world ? '' 
 she paused , glancing at max , who lay by my feet . 
 she nodded . 
 `` something like that . 
 but that 's all i can tell you . '' 
 we sat in silence for a long time . 
 when i glanced at the clock , it was almost midnight . 
 `` you 'll be going soon , '' sofie confirmed . 
 `` at twelve , every night . '' 
 my stomach started churning , partly anxious about what was waiting and partly excited to see them again-to see caden , even if he thought i was a complete moron . 
 `` is there anything else i should know ? '' 
 she looked suspiciously at max . 
 `` why do n't you go see the others ? '' 
 he groaned in response and rolled onto his side , making it clear he had no intention of moving . 
 `` damn mutt , '' she muttered under her breath . 
 `` why do n't you like max ? '' 
 i asked , wondering what could spawn such hatred for a dog . 
 `` he betrayed me once , '' she said , eyeing him . 
 `` though he did redeem himself recently by saving you . 
 but i still do n't trust him . '' 
 `` betrayed ... like , bit you ? '' 
 how does a dog betray anyone ? 
 she chuckled , shaking her head . 
 she glanced at the clock and at max again before deciding something . 
 she turned to me and whispered so low i almost did n't hear , `` if you find merth , bring it back . 
 as much as possible . 
 but do n't mention it to viggo or mortimer . '' 
 i nodded , curiosity drawing my brows together . 
 what could she possibly do with it ? 
 it 's dangerous to her , is n't it ? 
 i did n't bother asking . 
 i figured she 'd lie anyway . 
 i squealed in surprise as the weight of the hefty mountain bag yanked me backward . 
 i landed on my back , my arms and legs flailing wildly , at least two feet above the hard cave floor . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 sofie had made sure the harness fit snuggly . 
 shifting my weight around , i quickly confirmed that no amount of wiggling was going to break me free . 
 so i settled on lying there in the dark , helpless , waiting for rescue like a turtle flipped onto its shell . 
 a low chuckle sounded in the darkness , sending a shiver down my spine . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called warily , my voice cracking . 
 there was a pause , then a loud strike . 
 the cave flooded with torchlight . 
 my heart skipped a beat when i saw caden 's dimpled smile ; another shiver ran down my spine . 
 caden approached slowly , shaking his head in disbelief . 
 `` would you like some help ? '' 
 he asked innocently , towering over me , his green eyes twinkling . 
 he 's different today . 
 more playful and much , much more relaxed . 
 `` no , i 'm comfortable . 
 i think i 'll stay like this today , '' i answered calmly . 
 inside , i was as giddy as a thirteen-year-old at a boy band pop concert . 
 he crouched to inspect the numerous buckles and clasps . 
 `` ticklish ? '' 
 he asked , arching his eyebrow . 
 `` oh , please do n't , '' i moaned , dreading that level of torturous embarrassment . 
 my current predicament was bad enough . 
 he laughed softly , then deep concentration tensed his face as he fumbled with the straps . 
 it gave me the opportunity to shamelessly study his face . 
 it did n't seem real ; more sculpted to perfection-his jawline impeccably defined , his lips tinted a lush shade of rose . 
 i resisted the urge to reach up and touch his cheek , to confirm that his skin was skin and not porcelain . 
 `` you 're early , '' he murmured . 
 `` we did n't expect you for a few more weeks . '' 
 when he was finished untying me , he jumped lithely to his feet and offered his hand . 
 i timidly accepted . 
 he pulled me up and straight into a hug , sliding his hands tenderly around my waist and clasping them against the small of my back . 
 startled by the affection , i did n't know how to react . 
 so i awkwardly reached up and placed my hands on his shoulders , fully aware that my body was as rigid as a plank of wood . 
 he responded by curling his arms farther around me , tightening his grip to bring me closer to him . 
 i could feel his firm chest against my own . 
 he was strong-entirely muscle-and yet there was a warmth and softness that i had n't expected . 
 i think i 'd expected something cold and dead , and he was the furthest thing from it . 
 i started to relax , assuring myself that he could n't know how i felt about him ; otherwise he 'd never hug me so intimately . 
 `` my favorite human ! '' 
 bishop called suddenly , snapping me out of my daze . 
 a vision of rachel 's wicked yellow eyes and cruel smile flashed inside my head then , making me shove caden away in fear . 
 bishop ruffled my hair as he passed by . 
 seconds later , fiona and amelie came flying in , knocking me over with the ferocity of their hugs . 
 i glanced over at caden to see a flicker of disappointment in his eyes . 
 my heart sank . 
 `` ooh , what 's this ? '' 
 amelie said , and she and fiona began ransacking the bag like toddlers under a christmas tree , pulling out individual parcels with names scrawled on them in sofie 's flowery handwriting . 
 the guys stood behind them , shaking their heads and laughing . 
 where 's rachel ? 
 my eyes casually roamed the cave . 
 probably lurking in the shadows . 
 or out slaughtering bambi 's children . 
 fiona pulled out some racy black underwear that she stealthily tucked under her arm , a reserved smile on her face . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 bishop asked . 
 fiona smoothly diverted his attention to a pile of men 's clothing and soon both guys were rifling eagerly through their packages . 
 i sat back against the wall , pleased i could help them in some way , that i had the means . 
 well , mortimer and viggo did . 
 `` are you planning on staying a while ? '' 
 amelie said , pulling out an air mattress . 
 i frowned . 
 `` is that for me ? '' 
 `` it 's not for us . '' 
 right , they do n't sleep . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 sofie packed the - '' my words ended in a gasp as caden pulled his old ratty shirt over his head , exposing a perfectly rippled stomach and sculpted chest . 
 he had a new sky blue crewneck over his head in seconds , but not before i had ample opportunity to stare at him like a pervert , a weird , unfamiliar sensation stirring deep within me . 
 fingers snapped in front of my face , breaking my trance . 
 bishop . 
 i instinctively reached up to my gaping mouth , sure that a gob of drool was trailing over my bottom lip . 
 please do n't tease me , i prayed . 
 `` come on , let 's go , before the daylight runs out ! '' 
 bishop exclaimed . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he playfully tucked me under one of his powerful arms like a football . 
 `` to kill some time . '' 
 the way they had described ratheus-desolate , medieval , decayed-i was expecting a world right out of terminator , minus the cyborgs . 
 so to say i was pleasantly surprised when we stepped outside would be the understatement of the century . 
 standing on the edge of a plateau-like ledge , i saw that we were deep within a gorge in the mountains , the sky beyond a vibrant blue dotted with fluffy white clouds . 
 a broad , densely wooded valley stretched out below , the lush green leaves of the trees signifying a warm climate . 
 i could just make out a river snaking through the forest , dappled sunlight sparkling off its surface like a thousand tiny rolling diamonds . 
 a crown of snow-capped peaks towered in the distance , protecting the valley from the outside world . 
 it was more of a bowl than a valley . 
 enthralled by those daunting peaks , i stepped forward without paying any notice to where i was until the ground suddenly disappeared from under my feet . 
 a split second later a hand grabbed my arm and yanked me back . 
 i glanced down at the tree tops several hundred feet below and realized i had unwittingly strolled off a cliff . 
 whipping around , i suctioned myself to the closest thing available . 
 it turned out to be caden 's torso . 
 `` have humans learned to fly in your world ? '' 
 he chuckled , then slid an arm gently around my back and half carried , half dragged me away from the edge . 
 the others did n't even attempt to hide their amusement . 
 `` you 're safe now , evangeline , '' fiona said , chuckling . 
 i reluctantly unmolded myself from caden , awkwardness taking over where paralyzing fear had left off . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumbled , peering up at him , hoping he did n't think i had done that with the intention of copping a feel or something equally perverted . 
 the corners of his mouth curved up into a smile . 
 he did n't seem bothered . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 amelie urged gleefully . 
 at some point between bishop scooping me up and me stepping off the cliff , she had changed out of her old clothes and into a pair of jeans and a casual top . 
 they all had , including bishop , who was adjusting his striped gray and green shirt . 
 `` you guys look ... normal , '' i said , grinning . 
 amelie hugged herself . 
 `` this shirt is so soft . 
 like furry puppies ... thank you ! '' 
 she instantly appeared in front of me to plant an affectionate kiss on my cheek before skipping along a natural path that curled down the side of the mountain , her silvery blonde curls bouncing . 
 `` does it look anything like your world ? '' 
 caden asked . 
 `` yes . 
 i mean , i think so , '' i answered , following the rest of them down the path . 
 it was steep and full of loose rocks and altogether treacherous . 
 `` i 've never seen mountains this big before , but i 'm sure they exist . '' 
 i was having a hard time not stumbling while keeping up with their fast , careless pace . 
 `` you 'd better stick close to her , caden . 
 she 's liable to tumble right off the side of the mountain , '' fiona warned in that smoky voice of hers , adding , `` and we ca n't turn into bats and catch you . '' 
 i grinned , shuddering . 
 `` good . 
 i hate those things . '' 
 `` you know what the best part about today is ? '' 
 bishop suddenly asked in a low , somber voice . 
 he paused dramatically before yelling , `` rachel 's gone ! '' 
 his voice boomed through the valley like a thunderclap . 
 he took off , tearing down the path like a suicidal maniac , laughing hysterically . 
 fiona and amelie trailed behind him , disappearing within seconds , leaving me alone with caden . 
 i peered up from the corner of my eye , expecting to see a scowl of anger or annoyance with bishop 's blatant contempt for his girlfriend . 
 instead , i saw a smile . 
 `` so ... where is she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 please say gone she 's forever ! 
 the smile tightened . 
 `` some sort of tournament she needed to judge . '' 
 is that disappointment or relief in his voice ? 
 i could n't tell . 
 we walked quietly along the rocky path , caden content to match my snail 's pace as i cautiously stepped around the loose stones . 
 several times the stones slid under the weight of my foot , sending me skidding . 
 caden was always there to grab me and pull me back up . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 'm so slow . 
 i 'm not normally this clumsy , '' i mumbled nervously . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 just because we can run down rocky cliffs does n't mean we expect you to . '' 
 the farther into the valley we went , the warmer the air became and the greener our surroundings . 
 now that i was looking upon the forest in daylight , i had to chuckle . 
 there was no way anyone could mistake this place for central park , with its strange trees towering over us , some soaring well over a hundred feet with trunks at least two arm-lengths thick . 
 it looked more like a primeval rainforest , untouched by anything but time . 
 the floor was lush and green , blanketed with giant ferns and protruding tree roots coated in bright green moss and toadstools . 
 here and there , the trees allowed enough dappled sunlight in to nourish the tiny purple and white wildflowers scattering the forest floor , but otherwise it was shady and damp under the canopy . 
 i smiled as a butterfly fluttered past us on its way to one of those drifts of wildflowers , its vibrant yellow and orange wings contrasting beautifully with the verdant green backdrop . 
 a family of crickets sang out happily somewhere in the depths of the woods . 
 it was purely serene-hardly a world crawling with bloodthirsty monsters waiting to drink my blood . 
 i wondered what did live here . 
 `` what sort of wildlife is there ? '' 
 silence answered . 
 i turned . 
 and froze . 
 caden was gone . 
 my eyes darted about , nervously scanning the woods . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 i called in a harsh whisper , then held my breath , listening . 
 nothing . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 again , this time the desperation in my voice unmistakable . 
 a branch cracked . 
 `` oh , thank god - '' i began , turning . 
 an enormous black panther stood beside a tree a mere five feet away , the head of a snake locked in its jaws . 
 it placed a paw on the snake 's body and then , with a sharp twist of its neck , it ripped the snake 's head off and tossed it aside . 
 the snake 's body-at least six feet long-dropped to the ground , twitching . 
 the panther 's attention now moved to me , its ocher eyes regarding me with interest . 
 or hunger . 
 i let out a squeak , scampering several steps back before common sense prevailed and i froze . 
 the cat , its freakishly great height and build matching max 's , lowered its head and sniffed the ground , seemingly unconcerned by my presence . 
 i knew better than to relax , though . 
 there were razor-sharp teeth under that soft , unperturbed muzzle . 
 i watched in horror as the panther shifted its weight from side to side , then quietly edged in . 
 it moved in close enough that its snout grazed my chest , stopping on my pendant . 
 it let out a low snarl , its lip curling to display a lethal set of fangs . 
 and i thought i 'd die by a vampire bite . 
 i wondered if there was any point in running . 
 would running make the kill more pleasurable for it ? 
 untestable-my muscles were locked with terror . 
 `` it 's okay , i 'm here . '' 
 i felt an arm wrap protectively around my shoulder and caden pulled my rigid body close to him . 
 i let out a small gasp of relief . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 i whispered , trying not to move my lips , my focus glued on the beast giving me a sniff-down . 
 `` just stay still . '' 
 `` or what ? '' 
 `` this is scout . '' 
 `` it has a name ? '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 caden chuckled . 
 `` yeah . 
 like it ? '' 
 `` depends on if it 's going to maul me . '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's my pet . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` bishop and i have a small army of animals to guard the mountains and warn us of any visitors . 
 better protection . '' 
 the panther named scout lifted his head to peer into my eyes , his face only inches away . 
 i shrank back against caden . 
 `` do n't move . 
 he 's just curious . 
 he wo n't react if you do n't surprise him . 
 he knows you 're scared . '' 
 i averted my eyes to the left , focusing on a branch as the giant cat inspected me , unable to bring myself to look him in the eye for fear of screaming . 
 he finally dropped his head to sniff my shoes . 
 caden kept his arm around my shoulder , holding me tightly to him . 
 `` how is he yours ? '' 
 i whispered `` i bit him . 
 he belongs to me . 
 i 'm his master . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` so , what does that make him ? 
 a werecat ? '' 
 `` we call them werebeasts . 
 they 're a bit different from human vampires . 
 they crave flesh more than blood . 
 they 're immortal and they heal quickly , like us . 
 but they become freakishly big , usually doubling in size . '' 
 `` like max , '' i said , thinking of my giant canine friend . 
 that 's what he was . 
 a werebeast . 
 i felt caden nod . 
 `` they 're a protector , bound to the person who transformed them . '' 
 `` that means max has a master . '' 
 it had to be mortimer . 
 he had introduced him as his guard dog . 
 `` yeah , probably . 
 the cool thing is , i can communicate with scout from anywhere in the valley . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` telepathically . 
 we can talk back and forth to each other in our heads . 
 he reports in to me . '' 
 `` reports in to you ... '' i gasped . 
 `` son of a - '' at my unexpected outburst , scout took three lightning-quick steps back , snarling menacingly . 
 `` easy , boy , '' caden cooed , sliding in to stand between the panther and me . 
 when the cat finally quieted , he turned to look at me . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` what if max is mortimer 's spy ? 
 he 's always tailing me , sniffing me and stuff . '' 
 he 's just following orders . 
 he does n't really care about me after all . 
 `` makes sense , '' caden murmured in agreement . 
 `` i warned you , did n't i ? '' 
 `` but , why ? '' 
 i twisted my face up in confusion , my hands going to my forehead . 
 `` to protect me from sofie ? 
 max does n't seem too concerned when she 's around . 
 viggo , though ... he gets that dog riled up ... '' they 're hiding something . 
 but what ? 
 `` i 'm such an idiot , '' i mumbled . 
 `` no ; you could n't have known . '' 
 `` i should have . 
 you 're right . 
 i am a naive fool . '' 
 caden sighed . 
 `` they probably ... found your weakness-whatever it is-and exploited it , sucking you into their world , making you trust them . 
 that 's what our kind is good at-manipulation . '' 
 my weakness ? 
 what could sofie have ... my loneliness . 
 that was it . 
 that was my weakness . 
 she used human companionship to lure me in , to make me want to be around her . 
 and i-a lonely , helpless puppy looking for friendship-lapped it up . 
 but how had she figured that out so quickly ? 
 was she that perceptive , or was i that obvious-that pathetic ? 
 i glanced around . 
 scout had disappeared . 
 `` he 's gone . 
 you can relax , '' caden said , smiling wryly . 
 off to guard the forest for me . 
 too bad i could n't bring him back with me . 
 then the dogs would have a cat to chase . 
 `` please do n't disappear like that again , '' i begged caden . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his gaze showed sincerity . 
 `` he was n't supposed to get that close-but then that snake made a move on you ... i was just getting these . '' 
 he held out a bunch of daisies . 
 `` they grow up high , in the meadows . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 no one had ever given me flowers before , let alone scaled a mountain to pick them freestyle . 
 `` these ... they 're beautiful . '' 
 i stammered , taking the daisies . 
 how long has it been since i held a daisy ? 
 forever , it seemed . 
 i brought them to my nose to inhale the natural bouquet . 
 that scent ... so familiar . 
 it reminded me of something , but what ... my childhood ? 
 summer ? 
 the park . 
 red and white striped monkey bars . 
 i gasped . 
 14 . 
 daisies and deceit before i knew what was happening , caden was easing me to the ground , my legs having given out on me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 my mouth opened but it took a few tries to form any words and when i did , they came out in rapid spurts and stammers . 
 `` i could n't ... i could n't have been more than four . 
 the playground near our old apartment . 
 red and white-striped monkey bars . 
 the old kind . '' 
 `` what playground ? '' 
 `` the one in sofie 's painting ! '' 
 caden crouched down in front of me , cupping my chin gently with his hands . 
 `` evangeline , slow down . 
 you 're rambling . 
 start from the beginning . '' 
 i took a deep breath , suddenly overwhelmed with nausea . 
 i swallowed a few times before i could speak . 
 `` sofie painted a picture and hung it in my room at viggo and mortimer 's . 
 it 's a picture of a little girl picking daisies in a playground . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` i knew there was something familiar about it ... '' i locked eyes with him . 
 `` it was me ! 
 sofie 's been watching me since i was four years old ! '' 
 caden sighed heavily , pivoting to sit on the ground beside me . 
 `` i wonder why ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 my whole body felt numb from the shock . 
 `` it means she 's lying . 
 she told me she did n't mean for this to happen to me , but she did . 
 she 's been planning it for fourteen years ! '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` or she 's leaving important details out . '' 
 `` not telling me more than i need to know , '' i murmured . 
 it was exactly what she 'd told me to do . 
 `` i wonder if viggo knows . 
 if he does , he has n't let on . 
 maybe he did n't want to freak me out . '' 
 `` maybe , '' caden said softly , though his tone suggested doubt . 
 `` why would she paint that picture , though ? 
 it 's as if she wanted to you find out . '' 
 `` some sort of sick joke ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` or some other reason . 
 i do n't know what 's going on , but i guarantee you there 's a lot more to it than any of them are letting on . 
 it 's what i 've been trying to tell you . '' 
 i nodded , committing that to memory . 
 i 'd have to question everything from now on . 
 caden leaned in , his shoulder nudging mine affectionately . 
 `` you going to be okay ? 
 you look a little pale . '' 
 nausea surged through my body again . 
 `` i feel ... like i just found out i 've been standing naked in a room full of people with magnifying glasses for years . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` i ca n't trust anyone . '' 
 `` no . 
 no one , '' he said with cold certainty . 
 `` even the dog is against me , '' i mumbled , picking tiny leaves off a fern branch and tossing them aside . 
 `` assume you 're only ever getting half the truth-if any . '' 
 i hesitated , terrified of the answer . 
 `` even from amelie and fiona and bishop ... and you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said quickly . 
 `` i mean , '' he looked off in the distance , frowning , `` we want you to trust us , but we do n't expect you to do so blindly . 
 we hope we 'll earn it one day . '' 
 i already trust you , i whispered to him in my thoughts . 
 he turned and locked eyes with me for a moment , his expression unreadable . 
 he opened his mouth as if to speak , then quickly clamped it shut . 
 grabbing my hand , he pull me up . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's keep walking , if you 're up to it . '' 
 `` as long as there are no more lurking animals . 
 i 'm feeling pretty fragile right now . '' 
 fragile , but unbroken , somehow-though by all counts i should have fallen apart . 
 any normal person would have by now , would n't they ? 
 caden reached down to pick up the daisies i 'd scattered when i realized the extent of sofie 's treachery . 
 `` sorry , i should n't have . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed , grabbing the flowers out of his hand and inhaling their scent again , welcoming the fond memories that flooded back with it . 
 my mother 's laughter as she chased me through the park ... `` thanks for these . '' 
 i smiled timidly . 
 `` i love daisies . '' 
 caden picked up a pebble and casually threw it into the trees , no doubt hitting some impossible target i could n't see . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he laughed at my bewilderment . 
 `` we 'd better get to the others before they empty the stream . '' 
 he began walking briskly down the path , calling over his shoulder , `` hurry up , pokey ! '' 
 i trailed quietly , alternating my attention between the perfect , agile body ahead and the daisies in my hand before saying , `` so fiona and amelie obviously told you a few things about me . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 `` what else did they tell you ? '' 
 i asked , wracking my brain to remember the conversation . 
 he responded by casually tossing out his own question . 
 `` so you 've never even had one boyfriend ? '' 
 ugh . 
 they told him that ? 
 i felt my face flush at the thought of them discussing my pathetic social life . 
 so he must have figured out there 's something wrong with me . 
 `` i never would have guessed it , based on the other night ... '' he glanced back , and i saw the corner of his mouth curving in a smirk . 
 the other night ? 
 what 's he - my eyes bulged as i realized he was talking about the night of the attack . 
 i opened my mouth to respond several times , always faltering , lost for words . 
 even the pendant 's powerful magic could n't have masked my blazing cheeks . 
 mercifully , caden kept his eyes ahead . 
 we wandered deep within the valley forest , where the trees blocked out most of the sunlight . 
 in the few places where the thick canopy granted the sun access , shafts of light beamed down over the area like spotlights , the contrast between the deep shadows and the sunrays creating a mystical setting . 
 an enormous , knotty tree root jutted at least six feet from the ground , blocking our path . 
 i hooked my foot into a nook and started climbing , but caden 's hands grabbed my waist and yanked me back down . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he laughed , and in the next instant , we were sailing over to the other side . 
 `` i thought you could n't fly , '' i said sarcastically , releasing the mouthful of air i had sucked in . 
 `` that was a jump . '' 
 he chuckled and continued walking . 
 we found the others sitting on a pile of rocks beside a narrow , murky river that wove through the trees . 
 fluorescent green algae rested like a camouflage on its surface , bright against the inky water and the dark forest . 
 `` so we 're going to ... fish ? '' 
 i asked , eyeing the metal rod bishop held . 
 three more lay beside him , nestled among some ferns . 
 this is what vampires do to kill time ? 
 caden smirked . 
 `` you sound surprised . '' 
 `` i thought your diet consisted of ... liquid . '' 
 `` they 're for bishop 's pet . 
 are you any good ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ; i 've never tried . 
 but i do n't see myself as much of the ` angler and hunter ' type , '' i answered . 
 caden laughed , picking up a rod . 
 `` you could be a natural cave woman . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i doubt it . 
 seeing anything with more than two legs scurry past made my skin crawl so i did n't expect a flapping , slimy fish impaled on a hook would bring about a different reaction . 
 i crouched by the riverbank and laid my flowers beside it with their stems dipped in the murky water . 
 `` whoa ! 
 not too close , '' caden exclaimed , leaning over to pull me back . 
 `` there are things in this water you do n't want to ... disturb . '' 
 a shiver ran down my back as i studied at the calm river . 
 `` like snakes ? '' 
 bishop answered . 
 `` snakes , crocodiles , piranhas-i 'm surprised you did n't meet one of them the night you went in for amelie . '' 
 `` but you did n't , '' caden reminded me , seeing my eyes widen . 
 he threw a look of exasperation bishop 's way . 
 `` here you go , eve , '' bishop said , smirking as he handed me a rod . 
 my mother used to call me that . 
 `` i found these babies in a vault a few hundred years ago and i 've been hoarding them ever since . 
 i knew i 'd have a reason to keep them ! '' 
 i stood awkwardly holding the rod . 
 `` okay ... what do i do now ? '' 
 i inspected the metal contraption at the end of the long pole . 
 a reel , caden informed me . 
 `` well , first , you put one of these on . '' 
 bishop picked something up off the ground beside him and grabbed my free hand . 
 he placed a six-inch leech into my palm . 
 it began wiggling and i shrieked , shaking the slimy thing off my hand . 
 `` poor little fella . '' 
 bishop stooped down to pick the disgusting thing up . 
 grabbing the end of my line , he jabbed the barbed hook through its body several times . 
 it writhed furiously , trying to escape . 
 i screwed up my face in disgust . 
 bishop snickered . 
 `` you 're such a girl . '' 
 fiona glanced over . 
 `` bishop , seriously , you are so juvenile sometimes . '' 
 she rolled her eyes at me . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 bishop squatted beside caden , who already had a line in the water . 
 caden chuckled . 
 `` so those leeches are terrifying . '' 
 `` not terrifying , repulsive . 
 two entirely different things , '' i clarified , bending down to wipe the leech gunk off my hand on some leaves . 
 i straightened and regarded my rod . 
 `` okay , i 'm in need of a lesson . '' 
 caden seemed happy to oblige , using his own rod to demonstrate how to cast and reel in . 
 `` looks simple enough , '' i said and got ready to cast . 
 my bandaged hand made things difficult . 
 caden held up his hands . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i froze , assuming his vampire senses noticed something in the water . 
 `` wait ... hold on ... okay , now ! 
 and put your whole body into it , '' he commanded . 
 i complied with his instructions , swinging the rod back over my right shoulder before casting forward with all my strength . 
 but my hook lodged in something behind me , at the same time that a howl of protest made me whirl . 
 bishop stood wincing , the sharp metal barb through his left earlobe . 
 i gasped , tears welling . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 beside me , caden and fiona were doubled over in laughter . 
 caden straightened and strolled over to inspect the hook . 
 `` nice catch ! '' 
 he called back to me , winking . 
 i rushed forward with the intention of begging forgiveness but stopped short , cringing , as bishop yanked the hook out of his ear , tearing a sizeable chunk of flesh out with it . 
 i expected blood to start gushing but the wound immediately closed up , leaving his ear looking unscathed . 
 `` pay more attention next time ! '' 
 caden lectured bishop , giving him a whack on his back . 
 `` fiona was distracting me with - '' bishop stopped , realizing he was the dupe in a joint effort by caden and her . 
 `` you 'll pay for that later , woman , '' he threatened fiona , though he was grinning when he said it . 
 `` my new shirt 's ruined now ! '' 
 he rubbed the sleeve where a few drops of blood had landed . 
 i stood there , wide-eyed with both amazement and horror . 
 `` do n't worry , bishop 's fine , '' caden said , strolling over to gently squeeze my shoulder . 
 `` it 's next to impossible to catch one of us unaware like that . 
 impressive . '' 
 `` what was fiona distracting him with ? '' 
 i asked , frowning . 
 but then i saw the devilish smile she gave him and his answering grin , and i had a good idea what it was . 
 i turned away , flushing . 
 caden cast his hook into the water and seated himself on a boulder . 
 i followed suit , glancing around to check for snakes . 
 `` so how long have they been together ? '' 
 `` they met during the war . 
 bishop had just been turned and he was lost . 
 it 's not a natural process , the transition to what we are . 
 he likely would have been killed in the war , had fiona not taken to him . 
 she took him under her wing , helped him . 
 they 've been together ever since . '' 
 `` wow . 
 seven hundred years ? 
 that 's a long time to be with one person . '' 
 caden smirked . 
 `` for a human , yes . 
 human desires change with age . 
 people outgrow one another . 
 it 's different with us . 
 every day with fiona feels like the first day bishop met her-the sparks , butterflies , all that . '' 
 `` butterflies ... i thought that was a chick thing , '' i muttered . 
 `` no , definitely not , '' caden murmured , glancing peculiarly at me before turning back to his rod . 
 `` what about you and amelie ? 
 were you ... turned in the war ? '' 
 caden shook his head . 
 `` an attack about forty years before the war . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i was twenty-four . 
 amelie was twenty-one . 
 our parents ran a horse ranch , thoroughbreds-the jennings resort for horses , some called it . 
 one night we heard this awful sound coming from the barn . 
 my father grabbed his shotgun , expecting to scare off some thieves . 
 when we had n't heard from him for too long , i grabbed another gun and headed out . 
 amelie and our mother followed with flashlights . 
 we got to one of the barns and ... '' caden 's voice fell ; he stared out at the placid water . 
 `` there were rumors of strange things happening at cattle and horse farms but nothing could have prepared us ... every horse in that barn was dead , their throats torn out , blood sprayed over the walls , the hay-everything . 
 mom and amelie ran to get the police while i checked out the other barns , looking for my father ... '' caden 's voice drifted off and he sat for a moment , deep in thought . 
 `` i found him lying beside one of his prize-winning stallions . 
 and that 's where they found me-i never even saw a face . '' 
 i noticed the tip of his fishing rod dip , but caden did n't seem too concerned . 
 `` they decided amelie and i were too appealing to waste-we 'd make good additions . '' 
 his voice was edged with bitterness . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , caden , '' i said softly . 
 and i was . 
 it pained me to know that he and amelie had suffered so . 
 he gazed down at his hands , a haunted smile on his face . 
 `` do you realize that 's the first time i 've ever heard those words from anyone ? '' 
 my heart sank . 
 i wanted to wrap my arms around him , to comfort him , to take his grief away . 
 i glanced over to the others as amelie leapt into the air , squealing with excitement about the fish dangling at the end of her hook . 
 `` so ... caden jennings , '' i said aloud . 
 evangeline jennings , the voice in my head said . 
 i shook my head , feeling foolish . 
 he sighed . 
 `` in another time , yes . 
 amelie is all that 's left of my family . 
 at least we found bishop and fiona . '' 
 what about rachel ? 
 i noticed that the pile of fish had grown quickly as we talked . 
 there was enough there to supply a supermarket . 
 `` so bishop 's pet is going to eat all of those ? '' 
 i nodded at the silvery mound . 
 `` how big is this pet , exactly ? '' 
 the end of my rod dipped , followed by a second , then a third tug-the last one sharp . 
 `` i think i caught something ! '' 
 i whispered , as if speaking too loud would let the fish know he was ensnared on a sharp hook . 
 like he 's not already well aware of that . 
 `` reel it in ! '' 
 caden exclaimed . 
 as if in response , the tugging became fierce and frantic . 
 it was all i could do to grip the rod in my injured hand . 
 caden reached around me and placed his hands over mine , helping me wind the reel . 
 `` almost , '' he murmured , his mouth close enough that his voice tickled my ear . 
 i 'm going to pass out , i thought , feeling a strange excitement ripple through my body . 
 by the time the line was out of the water , i was too busy trying to stop my hands from trembling under his to notice a fish three times the size of the others dangling off my hook . 
 `` big brown 's gon na love that one ! '' 
 bishop hollered . 
 `` who 's big brown ? '' 
 i croaked , allowing myself to release the breath i 'd unknowingly held during the entire ordeal . 
 `` he is , '' bishop said , jerking his chin toward someone behind me . 
 i turned , expecting to see another cat . 
 instead , a grizzly bear with fur the color of milk chocolate lumbered toward us , equivalent in size to a young elephant i 'd once seen at the portland zoo . 
 it was eyeing the prize at the end of my rod-or me ; i was n't exactly sure which yet . 
 my mouth opened to scream but no sound came out . 
 `` it 's okay , '' caden whispered calmly , pulling me closer to him , his other arm slowly wrapping protectively around me . 
 `` no sudden movements and it 'll be okay . '' 
 i could n't move if i wanted to . 
 caden 's arms were like a vise . 
 `` he 's big , '' i managed to whisper . 
 big enough to slice me into six pieces with one swing of his paw . 
 the ground shook as the bear neared us . 
 i tasted bile in my throat . 
 `` i 'm going to be sick , '' i groaned , wanting to give caden some warning . 
 i turned my face , praying he was out of range . 
 i 'd rather be torn apart by this beast than puke on caden . 
 big brown stooped to sniff the fish on my line and then , with one lightning-quick chomp , bit the thing right off the line and swallowed it whole-hook , leech , and all . 
 he continued on to the pile of fish behind amelie and devoured it in mere seconds . 
 no one moved . 
 with that pile done , he ambled over to stand in front of bishop , stooping so that their eyes were level . 
 after a minute-long menacing stare-down , big brown simply turned and barreled away , disappearing within seconds . 
 `` no signs of anyone coming , '' bishop said . 
 `` he can tell you 're not one of us , '' he added , looking at me . 
 `` so he 's like scout . 
 and max , '' i confirmed . 
 `` yes , only less predictable , '' caden answered , his arms dropping from their protective embrace around me . 
 i took that as my signal to slide away from him , to allow for the appropriate amount of space . 
 i began inching away . 
 `` you seem cold . 
 if you 're warmer next to me , you should stay put . '' 
 i bit my lower lip . 
 before catching the fish , i had been contemplating taking off my pink fleece hoody . 
 even in the shadows of the trees , the air was muggy . 
 `` i am a bit cold , '' i lied , faking a shiver . 
 caden turned his attention back to the river , a knowing smirk on his face . 
 could he tell i 'm lying ? 
 `` so ... that 's big brown , '' i said , changing the topic . 
 caden chuckled . 
 `` it 'll take some time before he lets you rub his belly . '' 
 `` and he eats fish ? 
 he 'll need a lot more than that pile . '' 
 `` that 's just it . 
 he 's a bottomless pit . 
 i think he 's devoured half the deer population around here in a few weeks ; we 'll be fighting with him over food soon enough . 
 bishop did n't know what he was getting himself into . 
 he should have stuck with wolves ; even a cougar would have been a wiser choice . 
 this one 's a lot more work to feed and much more difficult to convert . '' 
 `` really ? 
 do n't you just have to bite them ? '' 
 caden chuckled , shaking his head . 
 `` it 's the same process as converting a human-with venom-but grizzlies fight back and they 're vicious . 
 more than likely , the animal will rip you to shreds before you can pump enough venom into him . 
 you 'll heal , of course , but ... it took bishop three tries . 
 you should have seen him . '' 
 caden released another chuckle . 
 `` he was practically naked when he stumbled into the cave , his clothing bloody and shredded to pieces . '' 
 my eyes went wide . 
 `` well , why would he do it , then ? '' 
 caden paused , choosing his words . 
 `` cougars and wolves make fierce allies . 
 they 're quick , fierce , and follow command like a programmed soldier . 
 they usually travel in packs , making it easier to take down a vampire if they have to . 
 their teeth are strong enough to tear him or her apart and then carry the heart to us so we can burn it . '' 
 he stopped talking , a funny smirk on his face . 
 `` you 're looking at me like i have two heads , '' he commented . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... heart ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yes , we still do have hearts in here . '' 
 he thumped a fist against his chest . 
 `` all of our organs are still there . 
 i guess they 're basically ornaments now , though . 
 useless . 
 except our heart . '' 
 `` do n't forget to tell her about that other organ that still serves a useful purpose , '' bishop boomed . 
 `` you know , our - '' fiona cut him off with a swift whack across the chest . 
 `` you 're a regular casanova , '' she muttered , shaking her head . 
 behind her , amelie was giggling . 
 `` so , your heart still works ? '' 
 i blurted , getting flustered as i realized what bishop was about to say . 
 caden was shaking his head , eyes downcast , smiling to himself . 
 i was n't sure if it was at my loss of composure or at bishop 's brazenness . 
 `` our heart , '' he began again , glancing over at bishop , who was grinning like the cheshire cat , `` still beats and pumps blood through our veins . 
 as long as our heart remains within our bodies , we can regenerate . 
 and it 's strong . 
 piercing it with a wooden stake or a sword wo n't kill us , unless the weapon is on fire . 
 that 's the only definite way to kill one of us-burn our heart , either with our body or on its own . 
 if you can get it out of us , that is . '' 
 `` once , '' amelie spoke up , `` i saw a vampire 's head get cut off and thrown aside . 
 a few minutes later , the body stumbled around , looking for it . 
 when it picked it up and ` plugged ' it back in , all the flesh mended itself . 
 good as new . '' 
 `` oh , come on ! '' 
 i looked skeptically at her . 
 `` honest . 
 scout 's honor ! '' 
 she held up two fingers . 
 i glanced at the others , expecting to see a hidden smirk or the crook of a smile . 
 `` well , do n't say i did n't warn you ! '' 
 amelie chirped . 
 `` always burn them , '' fiona said in a serious tone . 
 `` that way , you know they ca n't come back and hunt you down-because , believe me , they 'll be pissed . '' 
 `` as if any human would get a chance in the first place , '' bishop muttered sarcastically . 
 caden nodded in concession . 
 `` back to big brown . 
 a pack of cats or wolves ca n't match the ferocity of one grizzly . 
 having an animal that powerful at your command , especially in a situation like this , where we need all the protection we can get-that 's why bishop did it . 
 one of those things will rip a heart right out of a chest cavity and eat it ... good luck trying to get that back . '' 
 i glanced over at bishop , lying precariously on a bed of rocks , flicking fiona 's ear . 
 he still looked like that easygoing , sometimes obtuse cool kid from high school . 
 not exactly someone who ever paid an ounce of attention to me , let alone willingly battled a two ton animal three times for my protection . 
 my heart swelled . 
 as the shadows lengthened and the dappled sunshine faded , the first pangs of hunger rumbled in my stomach . 
 i was sure it was a mistake-i had n't been here that long , had i ? 
 it rumbled again , this time loud enough to attract caden 's attention . 
 he looked down at my stomach , then up at my face , concern sweeping over his . 
 `` time to go ! '' 
 he announced . 
 `` the human is hungry . '' 
 i shrugged it off , not wanting to disrupt their fun . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` no you 're not . 
 come on ! '' 
 he hopped to his feet , whistling . 
 `` what am i , a pet ? '' 
 i quipped . 
 caden threw an arm around my shoulders and pulled me close to his chest , scratching behind my ear . 
 `` ha-ha , '' i said sarcastically , hazarding a peek up to find those beautiful jade eyes gazing back , an inexplicable look in them . 
 you are so unbelievably hot . 
 my heart began thumping wildly in my chest . 
 thank god the pendant masks that . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 caden asked , chuckling . 
 i nodded dumbly . 
 anywhere . 
 i 'll go anywhere with you . 
 `` looks like chicken feed , '' bishop commented dryly , his nose scrunching up in disgust as i inhaled three nature bars . 
 they had found me some figs and berries to snack on but the exertion of walking up the mountain drove my hunger to levels of starvation . 
 i good - humoredly elbowed him in the stomach , wincing as my funny bone cracked against his rock hard muscles . 
 he bellowed laughter , earning an eye roll from fiona . 
 `` what a mess ! '' 
 amelie announced as she surveyed the stuff scattered all over the cave , though her childlike face wore an eager expression . 
 suddenly she shrieked , diving down to grab something small and black . 
 she held it up . 
 a bathing suit . 
 i frowned . 
 why would sofie-that 's right . 
 i had mentioned the oasis . 
 i did n't think she was paying attention though . 
 amelie frantically rooted around until she found one for each of us . 
 trunks in hand , bishop and caden bolted , caden covering his eyes dramatically to hide his view of his sister , who had already begun shamelessly peeling off her clothes . 
 fiona handed me a black bikini . 
 i swallowed , holding up the two-piece , trying to figure out top from bottom . 
 there was more string than covering . 
 `` is there something in there a little more ... modest ? '' 
 `` oh , do n't be silly , evangeline , '' fiona murmured , already adjusting her own skimpy hot pink bikini over her supermodel-like curves . 
 `` okay , '' i grumbled , changing quietly , dreading standing next to these two . 
 when i was done i felt naked , even though all my vitals were covered . 
 the cold air was n't helping . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 amelie asked , seeing my eyes darting over the piles of clothing . 
 `` there was a big , fuzzy red blanket somewhere here . '' 
 `` come on ! '' 
 fiona looped her arm through mine and dragged me down the tunnel , picking up speed until we were jogging . 
 amelie ran ahead of us , giggling hysterically , holding a giant flashlight that had come in the mountain bag . 
 i forced them to slow to a walk , out of breath . 
 `` so ... when do you think rachel will be back ? '' 
 i asked casually . 
 `` when the council gets bored of watching vampires bludgeon each other nearly to death , only to heal and do it over again , '' fiona answered . 
 i cringed in horror as she elaborated : `` a gladiator tournament . '' 
 `` she 's a council member and , as such , must keep up appearances , '' amelie added in a haughty voice in snide imitation of rachel . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 `` to new shore . 
 it was the capital city when this was a country . 
 most of it has crumbled and grown over now . 
 she would n't have gone if she had known you would be here-you 're so early ! 
 she wo n't be back for another week , at least , '' fiona answered . 
 i exhaled loudly , earning a laugh from them . 
 `` she 's not the nicest person i 've ever met , '' i said , wrinkling my nose . 
 fiona snorted . 
 `` evangeline , you 're too polite . 
 she 's a cold-hearted , vicious bitch ! '' 
 her violet eyes flashed with anger . 
 i looked at her , not prepared for the blatant loathing in her normally serene voice . 
 `` yes , well , she is also drop-dead gorgeous . 
 i guess all guys are the same . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 amelie asked , her face twisting with confusion . 
 `` ohhh , you mean caden . 
 believe me , their ` relationship ' - and i use that term loosely-has nothing to do with her looks , '' amelie said . 
 `` but she is madly in love with him-crazy , fanatical , psychopath love . '' 
 `` but he does n't love her ? '' 
 a spark of hope-a glimmer of the impossible-ignited within me . 
 fiona held her finger up to her lips as we rounded the corner and entered the oasis , ending the conversation before i could get an answer . 
 `` wow , '' i mumbled , taking in the scene . 
 steam rose from the water , swirling in the chilly mountain air that stirred the countless flames around the cavern to create a beautiful , dreamlike mist . 
 we found bishop and caden relaxing in a small , circular alcove . 
 the water lapped just below their chests , the precise height to adequately show off caden 's strong shoulders and neck . 
 he had the perfect curves and ridges around his frame , the perfect amount of flesh and muscle to make him look neither beefy nor lanky . 
 perfect . 
 i heard myself groan wistfully before i could control myself . 
 they stopped talking and turned , caden 's eyes immediately landing on me . 
 my shoulders hunched inward as i instinctively wanted to hide , wishing i could cocoon myself in that red blanket . 
 maybe the mist will blur his vision , i hoped . 
 highly doubtful . 
 i wrapped my arms around my chest , trying to cover my entire upper body-a justifiable action , considering the chill in the air . 
 fiona trotted over and slithered in beside bishop , wrapping her arms around him before resting her head on his broad shoulder . 
 amelie was no less confident about her body as she jumped in beside fiona , taking enough space for herself that i was forced to squeeze in beside caden . 
 next to those two , i probably resembled a rodent , scurrying to the edge and gracelessly clambering down , half tumbling in my hurry to find concealment in the water . 
 caden offered his hand and i took it , knowing i would likely end up falling on top of him otherwise . 
 i did n't know what was wrong with me lately . 
 i was n't so physically inept anywhere else but near them and their superpowers . 
 when the warm water covered my flesh , i was able to relax and breathe again . 
 `` ah , the good old days : hot tubs , girls in bikinis ... '' bishop reminisced , leaning back with his arms stretched lazily to either side of him , displaying his muscular biceps . 
 `` eve-next time back , surfboards and a keg , ` kay ? '' 
 he waited for my giggle and nod of assent before his head fell back and he closed his eyes , resting peacefully . 
 `` so , you all used to be human , right ? 
 do you forget all of your skills when you ... convert ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 `` i mean , why could n't you pick up where humans left off , with all the manufacturing , electricity-all that stuff ? '' 
 `` sounds so simple , does n't it ? '' 
 caden laughed without mirth . 
 `` because we 're narcissistic , selfish creatures who want all the luxuries with none of the hard work behind it . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` think of viggo and mortimer . 
 the ` good vampires . ' '' 
 i caught the sarcasm . 
 `` where do they get their money ? 
 do you see them working ? 
 earning a living ? '' 
 caden 's adam 's apple protruded as he dropped his head back against the rock ledge . 
 i had the urge to run my finger along it , but i resisted . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` they rob their victims . 
 they go after the ones whose wallets are thick , and whose illicit activities make their death unsurprising and welcomed . 
 i 'd bet my life on it . 
 it 's what i used to do . '' 
 i shuddered at his blunt admission . 
 but was he right ? 
 i had wondered where they earned their money . 
 caden continued . 
 `` you 'll be hard-pressed to find a vampire fixing toilets or serving drinks , unless they have an ulterior motive . '' 
 `` sofie serves coffee , '' i answered , challenging him . 
 caden 's head rolled to face me . 
 `` i wonder why ... '' his voice was soft , protective . 
 a gentle warning . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i have to question everything , do n't i ? '' 
 he nodded , a small smile touching his lips before he sat up again . 
 my eyes drifted around the alcove , landing on each vampire for a brief moment , listening to them chatter and laugh happily . 
 that means i 'm supposed to question all of you ? 
 the idea distressed me . 
 i did n't want to question them . 
 every fiber of my body was keenly aware of caden 's presence , so close to me . 
 now and again his arm would bump against mine as he laughed . 
 i 'm sure it was accidental , but each one of those nudges sent electric ripples through my body . 
 i managed to steal several glances at him , pacing myself so i did n't get caught ogling . 
 soft-looking masculine fuzz had started to grow in the center of his chest . 
 hairy chests had never appealed to me before . 
 now , though ... `` bishop ? '' 
 fiona 's low , worried voice cut into my fantasies . 
 i glanced over to see the male vampire no longer languishing in the tub but sitting rigid , scowling and shushing her with his hand while he listened for something . 
 the group sat tense for a moment , aware of something i was blind to . 
 finally he shook his head , then grinned at caden . 
 `` nothing . 
 big brown took care of it . '' 
 he had been communicating telepathically with his pet . 
 about what , though ? 
 `` more vampires ? '' 
 i guessed , a shiver running down my back . 
 `` not anymore , '' caden answered , turning to smile reassuringly at me . 
 `` we 're good . '' 
 `` told you he was worth the battle . '' 
 bishop smirked arrogantly at fiona , then threw a wink in my direction . 
 he leaned back again , closing his eyes . 
 more vampires . 
 lurking in the mountains-the mountains i had hoped would be impenetrable-on their way here to torture me when they found me . 
 i swallowed a lump . 
 `` are they ever going to stop ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` one of them may get past - '' `` they wo n't . '' 
 caden 's voice was soothing . 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 underwater , an invisible hand landed on my knee and squeezed gently before sliding away again . 
 a thrill rippled from the point of contact to the rest of my body . 
 i swallowed . 
 if he was trying to distract me , he was doing a fantastic job . 
 `` you wan na go stretch ? 
 i need to stretch , '' amelie announced , grabbing my hand and effortlessly pulling me to the connecting pool , no doubt to further distract me from the talk of vampires in the jungle . 
 `` sure , '' i mumbled , glancing back at caden . 
 he was watching me . 
 always watching . 
 when i learned that `` stretching '' meant doing a swan dive off a twenty foot-high boulder into a shallow part of the pool where jagged rocks peppered the bottom , i politely declined . 
 i instead dove under , swimming toward the center of the lake . 
 something brushed lightly against my leg . 
 i turned to see caden beside me , giving me an open-mouth grin , reminding me that i was the only one who had to resurface for air . 
 we both surfaced . 
 `` follow me . 
 i want to show you something , '' he said . 
 i nodded eagerly , willing to follow him into the pits of hell . 
 `` big breath , okay ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 we dove under and caden grabbed my hand and began towing me , swimming effortlessly . 
 down , down we descended , flying through the water at high speed . 
 as the lake floor dropped beneath us , swallowing us whole , i began to think the pits of hell was exactly where we were headed . 
 soon i could n't even see my arms in the darkness enveloping me . 
 caden must have sensed my agitation because he drew me closer , one of his arms wrapping around my waist to pull my back against his chest . 
 now i had two things to freak out over-the paralyzing darkness and caden 's proximity . 
 i sensed a directional change . 
 and then we finally surfaced . 
 spent air burst from my mouth and i inhaled loudly . 
 luckily i had been so focused on his hand against my ribcage that i forgot about panicking over my need for air . 
 `` too bad the pendant ca n't breathe for you , '' he said into my ear , still holding me tightly . 
 `` yeah , that 'd be helpful . '' 
 my voice broke . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i looked up at moonlight shining down through a circle of night sky-a gaping hole , i realized-to illuminate the placid lake and a powerful waterfall maybe thirty feet high , far down on the other side of this particular spot . 
 `` we 're on the other side of the mountain , near the ocean . '' 
 caden 's arms slid from my body . 
 i turned to see him already out of the water , standing on a rock ledge that extended the full length of the cave wall . 
 the black and gray swim trunks that sofie had chosen for him sat low on his hips , revealing the defined , muscular shape of his abdomen and pelvic bones . 
 a fine line of hair crept all the way down his stomach , disappearing under the waistband of his trunks ... `` evangeline ? '' 
 the sound of my name snapped me from my blatant gawking . 
 i turned away quickly , heat crawling up my neck . 
 you 're such a pervert , evangeline . 
 it took a moment to regain my composure . 
 when i finally felt brave enough to look back , caden was grinning at me , not the least bit uncomfortable . 
 he offered his hand . 
 `` here . '' 
 i took it , and he effortlessly yanked me out into icy air . 
 my body tensed with the cold . 
 i briefly considered jumping back into the water but caden 's grip on my hand tightened . 
 `` come on . '' 
 caden began walking briskly along the ledge , tugging me along . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i want to show you something . '' 
 we walked to the other side of the cave and stopped by the ferocious waterfall , the sound of its rushing water reminding me of viggo and mortimer 's jet engine . 
 caden turned and said something . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 i yelled . 
 he leaned in close , his mouth next to my ear . 
 `` you need to hold on tight . '' 
 i nodded , squeezing his hand . 
 chuckling with amusement , he yanked me toward him until our chests were touching . 
 my heart started pounding . 
 i heard myself suck in air as he again moved his mouth next to my ear . 
 `` close your eyes and put your face against my chest . '' 
 the vibrations from his words tickled my skin , making my heart pound harder . 
 `` you feeling okay ? '' 
 his voice was innocent enough . 
 `` yup , '' i said , annoyed with the telltale thumping in my chest . 
 how can he not know ? 
 could this vampire be that oblivious ? 
 maybe he could be , thanks to my necklace . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 more vibrations causing more tickling causing more pounding . 
 my breathing became raspy . 
 unable to speak , i instead nodded and buried my face in his chest , expecting to pass out . 
 his body shook . 
 was he laughing ? 
 he leaned in to speak to me again . 
 `` wrap your arms around me . '' 
 i locked my arms around his back , feeling his smooth skin and rigid muscles . 
 his strong arms lifted my body , squeezing tightly . 
 the ground suddenly disappeared from beneath us . 
 and at that moment i realized caden 's intention . 
 we were jumping through that giant , ferocious waterfall . 
 the torrent of water hit us , beating down on every muscle in my shoulders and back and effortlessly driving my hands apart . 
 thankfully my bare feet were touching hard ground before i had a chance to panic . 
 `` you can come out now , '' caden whispered . 
 i pulled my face away from the comfortable nook i had located in his chest . 
 `` i figured it was best not to tell you what we were doing , '' he explained , looking sheepish . 
 `` good call , '' i muttered , allowing only a fleeting scowl . 
 i ca n't be mad at you . 
 he smiled-such a sweet , genuine smile-then nodded to something behind us . 
 i turned . 
 and squinted at a sea of silver , thousands of metallic , ropelike vertical strands glowing brilliantly in the darkness of a wide tunnel . 
 they swayed gracefully back and forth as if being coerced by a gentle breeze that never touched my skin . 
 they had to be at least three feet high , growing in round clumps right out of the bedrock . 
 stepping forward , awe slowing my feet , i reached out to touch one of the strands . 
 it was soft and pliable , like yarn . 
 my eyes widened . 
 i knew what it was . 
 15 . 
 sea of merth `` this is how merth grows ? '' 
 i whispered , turning to caden . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` guess so . 
 none of us have ever seen it like this before . 
 it 's next to impossible to find . 
 the council 's been hunting for it since the war . 
 we knew jethro had some , but did n't know where he got it from . 
 it 's why he was so territorial about this place . 
 i 'll bet there are groves of this stuff in these mountains . '' 
 the mention of the council reminded me of rachel . 
 `` so ... will rachel tell the council about it ? '' 
 and about me ? 
 caden sighed loudly . 
 `` we 're not telling her about this . '' 
 he closed the gap between us , his expression serious . 
 he reached up to delicately touch my cheek . 
 the gesture made my heart begin hammering erratically in my chest . 
 `` she 's not going to tell them about you . 
 i 'm making sure of that . '' 
 i caught the sudden twitch in his cheek , like he was trying not to wince . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he dropped his hand , moving away from me . 
 `` being around this much merth is painful . 
 but i wanted to show you . 
 if we can figure out a way to get some out , you should take it back with you ... for protection . '' 
 i suddenly remembered . 
 `` sofie asked me to bring back as much as i can . 
 i do n't know why , '' i added when i saw his questioning look . 
 his jaw tightened . 
 `` what is that witch not telling you ? '' 
 probably as much as i 'm not telling you , i thought guiltily . 
 watching him wince in pain just so he could show me a way to shield myself from him and his kind , my need for secrecy and protection vanished instantly . 
 `` i can bring you back with me , '' i blurted . 
 caden 's eyes widened in alarm . 
 `` what ? 
 you said - '' `` i lied ! 
 but i 'm telling you now . 
 there is a way to take you back . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` sofie told me . '' 
 caden sneered , his doubt obvious . 
 but then he must have had a thought , because his face turned grim . 
 `` take who back , exactly ? '' 
 they really do n't miss anything , do they . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` well , that 's the problem ; i do n't know how or who i can bring back - '' caden cut me off . 
 `` do n't say a word to the others about this . '' 
 `` because i may not be able to bring them back with me ? '' 
 `` yes , exactly . 
 it would n't be fair . '' 
 `` but if i can figure out how , then you can come back with me . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 horror made it a shout . 
 i jumped back , and he softened his tone . 
 `` i mean , it does n't matter if one of us goes or all of us go ... '' he chewed his lip as if deliberating what to say . 
 `` we have n't been exposed to human blood in over seven hundred years , '' he began , then paused to clear his throat , which had turned hoarse . 
 `` that necklace disguises what you are here , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but you said that , in your world , it 's useless . 
 these vampire friends of yours can smell your blood , sense your emotions , all that . '' 
 again , i nodded and his jade eyes locked with mine , turning hard as he spoke again , slowly and deliberately . 
 `` what do you think will happen when one of us is exposed to the scent of human blood-a scent that drives us to kill with more intensity than you could ever possibly imagine-for the first time in seven hundred years ? '' 
 i pursed my lips , beginning to understand where the conversation was going . 
 he did n't stop there , though . 
 `` and which human will be in close proximity ? '' 
 his left eyebrow arched , and i swallowed . 
 `` you would n't stand a chance . 
 you 'd be dead before you knew what was going on . '' 
 caden grimaced . 
 `` but you could control yourself , could n't you ? '' 
 `` no , evangeline . '' 
 caden shook his head , dismissing my faith in him . 
 `` you do n't understand how powerful this need for blood is . '' 
 he stepped away from me and began pacing . 
 `` when amelie was still human , she had a boyfriend . 
 they 'd been dating for three years . 
 she loved the guy . 
 he was a bit of a wanker in my opinion , but ... i 'm her older brother so i 'm supposed to be hard on boyfriends . 
 anyway , when she was turned , she made the mistake of going to see him . 
 i do n't know what she was thinking . 
 well , i do . 
 she wanted to see him . 
 she had to see him . '' 
 `` what happened ? 
 was he scared off ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no ... well , he might have been if she ever had the chance to tell him . 
 between her thirst for his blood and her overwhelming desire for him , she could n't control herself . '' 
 caden looked down at his hands . 
 `` she killed him . 
 drained him of every last drop of blood . '' 
 i gasped . 
 `` poor amelie ! '' 
 caden barked laughter , shaking his head at me . 
 `` poor amelie ? 
 what about poor wanker ? '' 
 he sighed , stopping in front of me . 
 `` amelie lives with that guilt every day , as strong now as it was seven hundred years ago . 
 i could n't live with myself if i did that to you . '' 
 his fingertip brushed my cheek , raw pain momentarily flashing in his eyes . 
 i swallowed and-i do n't know where the bravery came from-timidly moved my fingertips up to touch his , where they rested on my cheek . 
 or tried to , anyway . 
 my hand was trembling enough to mimic a parkinson 's patient . 
 he abruptly grabbed my hand , panic marring his gorgeous features . 
 `` oh god ! 
 you 're freezing ! 
 why did n't you say anything ? '' 
 i was freezing , i realized-but that was n't why i was trembling . 
 either way , i was n't going to admit it . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he tugged me after him , his jaw taut . 
 `` go '' meant jumping through the waterfall again , something i did n't exactly enjoy , but i was easily mollified by burying my face in caden 's chest again . 
 once through , he swung me up into his arms with ease , cradling me like a small child . 
 `` there 's another way , '' he murmured and began running down an unseen tunnel-completely dark-at warp speed . 
 it took only minutes to get back to the others , but my teeth were chattering uncontrollably by the time we arrived . 
 caden leapt into the natural hot tub where we had started , me still snug in his arms . 
 at first the shock of the heat felt like a million tiny prickles against my skin , and i winced with the sting . 
 when i saw caden 's pained expression , though , i fought hard to smooth my face . 
 caden refused to let go , holding me tightly as he apologized repeatedly , `` i did n't realize how cold the air was for you . 
 i forgot about-i 'm an idiot ! '' 
 `` it 's ok-k-kay , i 'm warming up-p now , '' i said between chattering teeth , trying to ease his conscience . 
 `` no , it 's not okay ! 
 you 're stiff as a board ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 a burst of laughter escaped before i sucked it in . 
 it was the feel of his bare , muscular abs against my ribcage and something else against my hip that was preventing my body from relaxing . 
 `` i should have known better , '' he continued . 
 `` it 's bad enough that you have to worry about being attacked by vampires , now you may die of hypothermia . '' 
 his hand furiously rubbed his brow . 
 `` thanks for showing me th-the merth . 
 it 's b-beautiful , even though it 's d-dangerous to you , '' i continued , attempting to distract him . 
 he heaved a huge sigh , then frowned at me . 
 `` you 're allowed to get angry . '' 
 `` it wo n't accomplish anything , '' i answered , smiling at him . 
 `` b-besides , it was fun . '' 
 i averted my gaze shyly . 
 `` which part , being pulled down a pitch black , underwater rabbit hole , or being pummeled by a waterfall ? '' 
 he retorted sarcastically . 
 the truth was , i had already forgotten about those minor distractions ; my mind still reeled from the feel of his body against my back as he pulled me through the murky abyss and his strong arms as they held me tightly , protecting me . 
 i was n't about to tell him that , though . 
 `` all of it , '' i answered instead . 
 he muttered something incoherent , rolled his eyes , and shook his head at me . 
 my rigid muscles finally started to unlock . 
 `` good god , caden . 
 her lips are blue ! '' 
 amelie had stealthily swum up . 
 her normally raspy voice sounded condemning , and she glared at her brother in disapproval . 
 i defended him . 
 `` it 's okay ! 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 amelie rolled doubtful eyes . 
 `` did he show you the merth , at least ? '' 
 i nodded , another surge of guilt souring my stomach at the thought that i was keeping my secret from her when she was so willing to share theirs . 
 `` cool , huh ? '' 
 amelie threw a mysterious glance at caden , then dove under the water and swam away . 
 i sighed , wishing i could read them like sofie could read me . 
 my teeth had finally stopped chattering , but my fingertips , when i reached up to scratch my nose , were shriveled . 
 `` i need to get out . '' 
 i held my wrinkly hand up in front of caden 's face , scrunching my nose in disgust . 
 `` wait right here . '' 
 caden 's arms slid out from around me . 
 i watched his chiseled body as he leapt out of the water and disappeared down the tunnel . 
 he returned thirty seconds later with the plush red blanket under one arm and several large chunks of wood tucked under the other . 
 he had a vibrant fire blazing in seconds . 
 hoisting me out of the water , he wrapped me in the blanket and led me over to sit next to the flames . 
 he slid in directly behind me , his legs stretched out on either side , and began rubbing my arms and back . 
 although i did n't mind the doting , i knew i was taking advantage of his unwarranted guilt . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm good now . '' 
 he ignored me , continuing to half dry , half warm me . 
 `` really . 
 i 'm fine . 
 do n't worry about me . '' 
 `` we should change those bandages on your hand , too , '' he murmured . 
 `` oh , to be invisible ... '' i mused sarcastically . 
 he pulled me back toward him until i was close enough that his inner thighs touched my hips and his chin hovered over my shoulder . 
 i was sure i felt warm breath tickling against the nape of my neck . 
 but he does n't need to breathe , does he ? 
 `` are you still cold ? 
 you 're trembling , '' caden murmured . 
 `` nope , i 'm good , '' i muttered , heat crawling up my cheeks . 
 the opposite , actually . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and focused on my breathing . 
 i heard a lid pop and opened my eyes to see caden rifling through a medical kit . 
 it was enough to distract me from caden 's inadvertent torture for the moment . 
 i raised a querying eyebrow . 
 `` i found this earlier in my bag , along with a note . 
 courtesy of your maternal vampire , i gather ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what 'd the note say ? '' 
 `` that i should keep an eye on your stitches because you 'd be preoccupied . 
 she did n't say with what . '' 
 you . 
 i 'm preoccupied with you , dummy . 
 caden gently unwound the bandages . 
 it had been three days since the attack . 
 i think . 
 it was getting hard to keep track of time . 
 the cut was healing nicely , the old woman 's stitch work impeccable . 
 caden held my hand tenderly in his , inspecting the wound from several angles . 
 then , ever so lightly , he drew a circle around it with his index finger . 
 `` does that hurt at all ? '' 
 he turned his face slightly so his mouth was next to my cheek . 
 `` no , '' i squeaked . 
 how can he not know what he 's doing to me ! 
 sighing , he began wrapping my hand up in new bandages . 
 `` cannon ball ! '' 
 bishop yelled in warning . 
 i looked up in time to see him plummeting from atop one of the highest boulders . 
 he splashed into the lake , sending an enormous wave radiating outward . 
 luckily we were out of range . 
 i gasped . 
 `` the rocks ! '' 
 caden 's body began to shake . 
 he was laughing at me . 
 when i remembered why , i started giggling as well . 
 of course bishop would be fine-the jagged rocks might not be . 
 `` i keep forgetting . 
 you all seem so ... normal , '' i said , turning slightly to steal a glimpse at caden 's face , which could never in a million years be described as normal . 
 amelie leapt off the same boulder , landing on bishop 's back and tackling him underwater . 
 `` they 're close , those two . 
 amelie reminds him of his own little sister . 
 she did n't survive the war , '' caden explained , tossing the old bandages into the fire . 
 a movement to my left caught my attention . 
 fiona slyly darted from a hidden alcove to tackle bishop the second he emerged from the water . 
 amelie popped up then and tag-teamed against him . 
 `` and amelie and fiona ... i think those two share a brain , '' caden added . 
 i laughed . 
 `` have they always been so close ? '' 
 `` instantly . 
 just like how they 've attached themselves to you . '' 
 that same guilty pain twisted my stomach again with the knowledge that i would choose caden over them , if i had to . 
 but i so desperately did n't want to . 
 why could n't i bring all four back ? 
 why did i have to choose ? 
 because anything else would be too easy , evangeline . 
 and nothing comes easy for you . 
 i leaned against caden 's chest , my eyelids drooping , suddenly exhausted . 
 not pendant-cooling , universe-changing exhausted , just plain tired from the day 's excitement . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd actually slept . 
 but i did n't want to sleep . 
 i did n't want to leave them . 
 ever . 
 unfortunately , my yawn did n't escape their notice . 
 `` come . '' 
 fiona beckoned to bishop as she hopped lithely from the water . 
 `` let 's see if we can blow up that air mattress . '' 
 bishop jumped out of the water and , slapping fiona 's butt playfully , tore down the tunnel . 
 fiona chased after him , howling with laughter . 
 when i turned back , amelie was out of the water as well . 
 `` i 'm going to help fiona , otherwise bishop 's liable to distract her , '' she said cheerily , leaning down to give me a quick hug before turning to skip down the tunnel and out of sight . 
 i smiled , wondering what they 'd be like if they were surrounded by humans , their primal hunger tested daily . 
 would bishop be a loveable , obnoxious goof ? 
 would fiona be so laid-back ? 
 would amelie still leap around like a silly girl , throwing her arms around me in affection ? 
 and caden , would he still vanish into the woods to pick me flowers ? 
 would they feed off humans ? 
 i wondered if we would be friends . 
 that was what they were-friends . 
 my first friends in years , and they were a bunch of vampires . 
 the first guy i could n't be near without going weak in the knees , and he was a vampire . 
 and i did n't care . 
 right down to my core , i knew there was no part of me that was bothered by that . 
 i wanted to be with them forever . 
 but could they be lying about everything ? 
 pretending ? 
 `` go to sleep , '' caden whispered , sliding back so i was lying down , my head resting against his lap . 
 `` i 'm not tired , '' i said through another yawn , fighting heavy eyelids . 
 he smiled down at me , his green eyes twinkling . 
 if only it meant something more than general friendliness . 
 a delirious giggle escaped me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , his brow knitted . 
 `` nothing , '' i murmured . 
 i felt his fingertip trace my upper , then my lower lip . 
 this ca n't be innocent . 
 he ca n't be this oblivious to my feelings . 
 would he act so flirtatious , knowing ? 
 i started playing the day through in my head-the flowers , the doting , the gentle nudges and touches . 
 maybe he did have feelings for me ? 
 with every ounce of energy , i held caden 's gaze , trying to read those impenetrable pools of jade . 
 but the pools finally blurred as i lost the battle with my eyelids . 
 i let them rest , reveling under his touch . 
 i was certain my eyes had closed for only a minute . 
 but when they opened again , daylight peeked in from the cave entrance . 
 a pit full of ash from a night 's worth of logs sat beside me , the flames barely flickering anymore . 
 i inhaled and grimaced , the mixture of chill air and stale smoke unpleasant . 
 i was still on ratheus . 
 lying on a mattress . 
 in a sleeping bag . 
 `` it 's high quality . 
 the label says ` good to minus twenty-five degrees fahrenheit , ' so you should be toasty . '' 
 i rolled over . 
 caden lay on his back beside me , one arm supporting his head , the war of the worlds open in his other hand ; he still wore the sky blue shirt and jeans he had on earlier . 
 `` imagine , humans being exterminated , their blood devoured , the end of the world . 
 how ridiculous . '' 
 he smirked . 
 my heart skipped a few beats . 
 he was lying so close to me . 
 only a hundred layers of flannel , fluff , and a gortex-like exterior stood in our way . 
 and clothes . 
 my hands roamed my body , feeling flannel and sweats . 
 `` where 's my bathing suit ? '' 
 i asked , feeling my cheeks heat . 
 `` amelie changed you . 
 bishop and i were nowhere around , '' caden confirmed quickly , his face solemn . 
 a small sigh of relief . 
 `` i 'm still here , '' i said , half question , half statement . 
 `` yes . 
 is that a bad thing ? '' 
 he put the book down and reached over to twist a strand of my hair between his fingers . 
 `` no ... '' i smiled shyly . 
 his finger slipped down my cheekbone to my lips then , that mysterious smile on his face . 
 `` no , '' he repeated , leaning in to press his forehead against mine . 
 i think my heart stopped beating altogether . 
 such intensity in his eyes , so tempting ... i leaned forward and kissed him . 
 just like that-no warning , no invitation . 
 for a second i was sure he was responding , but then he pulled away . 
 `` evangeline , no , '' he murmured softly . 
 `` i did n't mean for that to happen . '' 
 oh god . 
 oh no ! 
 my stomach constricted , nausea swelling through me as i felt the blood drain from my face . 
 i swallowed repeatedly , sure i was going to be sick , the crushing realization that i had misunderstood him overwhelming . 
 of course he did n't like me that way . 
 how could i ever entertain such a ludicrous idea ? 
 and now i had ruined it , made everything between us unbearably awkward . 
 i had to get away . 
 i started wriggling furiously , trying to work myself out of my sleeping bag . 
 thanks to a secure zipper pulled to the top , i was trapped . 
 with a little focus and maneuvering , i managed to free my arms , only to have caden grab them . 
 `` no , do n't , '' he pleaded softly . 
 i struggled in vain to break free of his grasp . 
 he finally pinned me down onto my back and leaned over me so our faces were level . 
 `` i 'm sorry , that was stupid . 
 i do n't know why i did it . '' 
 i averted my gaze , fighting the tears that threatened to spill from my eyes . 
 `` no , it 's my fault , '' he whispered . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm the idiot who misread everything . '' 
 `` you 're not an idiot and you did n't misread anything , '' caden said through clenched teeth . 
 i frowned . 
 i did n't ? 
 does that mean ... hope stirred . 
 i looked up at him , questioning . 
 that hope was instantly trampled with his next words . 
 `` listen to me carefully , '' he began with cold , determined resolve in his eyes now . 
 he spoke slowly and clearly . 
 `` it ca n't happen . 
 you and i ca n't happen . 
 we will never happen . '' 
 a hard , agonized lump filled my throat . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and concentrated on breathing . 
 a single tear slipped out and ran down my cheek . 
 then another . 
 and another . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 when i was sure i 'd suppressed any other tears , i opened my eyes . 
 caden 's were now shut tightly , his jaw clenched and his lips pressed together as if fighting an inner demon . 
 he had n't moved from his position ; he still hovered over me , pinning my arms down . 
 i tried to make sense of what he was saying , but i could n't . 
 you did n't misread anything . 
 so did he feel something for me ? 
 but his next words were so definite , so uncompromising : we will never happen . 
 i did n't understand . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i heard myself croak , not intending to ask that out loud . 
 i knew the answer already . 
 because you 're a plain little girl . 
 caden leaned in , his lips grazing mine , so lightly that it could n't be intentional . 
 he did n't mean to do that . 
 it had to be an accident . 
 his eyes were still closed . 
 he could n't see anything . 
 when his eyes finally fluttered open again , i saw the distance in them . 
 `` we are two different species , living in two different worlds . 
 it 's impossible , '' he said . 
 with a heavy sigh of resignation , he let go of my wrists and flopped back down beside me to stare vacantly up at the ceiling . 
 `` i 'll figure out a way to bring you back , '' i declared . 
 `` just me ? '' 
 `` no ... i 'll figure out a way to bring you all back . 
 there has to be away . '' 
 `` yes , but it 'll be too dangerous for you to stand in the same room with me , let alone ... anything else . '' 
 a strange sensation rippled through me when he said that . 
 be with him , he meant . 
 caden sighed , pressing his hand against his forehead . 
 `` is it rachel ? '' 
 i asked quietly , then bit my lower lip . 
 he began laughing , then groaned . 
 `` how could i forget about her ? '' 
 he muttered to himself . 
 he groaned loudly again , running a hand through his hair , sending it into disarray . 
 his face went disturbingly calm as he fell deep into thought for a moment . 
 finally he turned to looked at me . 
 `` yes , it 's rachel . 
 as long as she and i are together , you and i ca n't be . '' 
 i nodded slowly , rolling onto my back to stare up at the cave ceiling , wanting to be anywhere but there so he would n't see me cry . 
 as if hearing my silent pleas , the constant burn of the pendant faded . 
 `` i 'm leaving now , '' i announced , my voice hollow . 
 back to a house of devious vampires and a back-stabbing dog . 
 my head rolled toward caden for one more look into those beautiful jade eyes . 
 i saw anguish . 
 and then i was gone . 
 my eyes snapped open . 
 the pain of caden 's rejection still burned hot through my body . 
 that pain was quickly quashed , though , by the sight of my balcony doors hanging haphazardly from their hinges , the glass shattered . 
 i sat up to find the corpse of a large black animal , too mutilated to identify but most certainly dead , lying on the floor , its blood splattering the walls and floor of my perfect white and silver bedroom . 
 the creature had obviously gained entry from the balcony , though i had no idea how , given we were five storeys up and it had no wings . 
 a deep growl sounded behind me . 
 i turned to see max facing my bedroom door , hackles raised . 
 someone-or something-was on the other side of that door , and it wanted in . 
 hide ! 
 a deep male voice ordered . 
 i leapt out of bed and whirled , looking for the source . 
 there was no one in the room but max and me . 
 under the bed ! 
 my eyes darted suspiciously to the curtains , half expecting a tiny old man to pop out from behind them and introduce himself as the wizard of oz . 
 now ! 
 the voice shouted . 
 it no longer mattered where it was coming from . 
 the warning shot through my paralyzed legs like a lightning bolt , forcing them to move of their own accord before my brain could instruct them . 
 i dove under the bed a split second before the door exploded , splinters of wood flying in every direction . 
 ferocious snarling intermingled with the ghastly sounds of tearing flesh and bones snapping like twigs . 
 i heard countless yelps of pain but i could n't identify the owners . 
 i clenched my fists and gritted my teeth , my fear for max outweighing that for myself . 
 even with his betrayal-spying on me for mortimer-i did n't want him hurt in doing his job to guard me . 
 from my vantage point , i could only see feet . 
 there were so many of them-gigantic , hairy , black paws with talon-like claws . 
 max was outnumbered . 
 a final yelp , then my room fell to dead silence . 
 i remained in my hiding spot , gripped by fear , watching as a set of black paws limped toward me . 
 they stopped at the end of the bed . 
 a big black nose sniffed under the bed . 
 i recoiled as far back as possible . 
 you 're safe now , that male voice-the one who had warned me to hide-whispered . 
 he was obviously in great pain . 
 the animal by the bed keeled over , its yellow eyes coming level with mine as its chin settled on the floor . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i slid out from my hiding place . 
 five more heaps of flesh and gore like the one that had greeted me lay nearby . 
 i gasped as i saw max 's torn and punctured body ; a pool of blood was rapidly forming underneath him . 
 i crumpled to the floor , resting my forehead on his , and wept . 
 do n't worry . 
 i just need rest , the voice whispered . 
 i gasped . 
 16 . 
 telepathy yes , it 's me you hear . 
 my eyes bulged . 
 `` how ? '' 
 before max could answer , a commotion erupted in the atrium . 
 max lifted his head , struggling to stand . 
 `` stay , '' i ordered gently as i crept out onto the balcony , the broken glass from the doors crunching beneath my sneakers . 
 sofie was shouting at someone . 
 `` why would you do this ? '' 
 leaning over the railing , i spotted the top of sofie 's fiery red head as she squared off against another woman . 
 `` the perfect revenge requires a fair amount of risk , '' the woman answered coldly . 
 a wave of recognition hit me . 
 i 'd heard that bitterness before . 
 it was the young woman from the park . 
 i thought she was dead ! 
 `` revenge for what ? '' 
 sofie 's bewilderment seemed authentic . 
 `` for the worst betrayal , '' the woman replied acidly . 
 there was a long pause as sofie no doubt worked hard to recall where their paths had crossed . 
 `` you 're not the only witch who has found a form of immortality , '' the woman hinted . 
 another long pause . 
 suddenly sofie gasped in recognition . 
 `` ursula ? '' 
 the woman cackled viciously . 
 `` you 'd be surprised what you can do with host bodies . 
 i 've gone through dozens now . 
 it 's exhilarating , like shopping for fine furniture . 
 i 've tried out every ethnicity ... always beautiful , though . 
 and young . 
 those are my prerequisites . 
 it 's a lot of work , but worth it . 
 i 've been able to remain alive , year after year , studying you , waiting for the perfect opportunity to punish you . 
 i ca n't believe i missed the connection between you and the girl all these years . 
 that bloody dog was constantly in the way so i could never get too close . '' 
 old news , ursula . 
 i knew she was spying on me . 
 tell me something i do n't know . 
 like how sofie betrayed you too . 
 `` all of this because of nathan ? 
 i think both he and i were sufficiently punished , do n't you ? '' 
 grief filled sofie 's voice . 
 `` nathan was mine and you murdered him ! '' 
 ursula ear-piercing shriek startled me . 
 a chill ran down my spine . 
 with everything else , sofie was capable of murder . 
 `` he never loved you , '' sofie calmly answered , pronouncing every word with slow precision . 
 `` oh please , save your lies . '' 
 ursula turned her head slightly , the only indication that she was aware of viggo and mortimer 's presence in the shadows . 
 `` those two imbeciles of yours hired me to watch over you five years ago . 
 they wanted to know what kind of magic you were playing with . 
 of course they did n't know who i really was . '' 
 sofie gasped . 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 she screeched , her finger pointing accusingly at viggo . 
 `` i think you 've divulged enough information , ursula , '' viggo said , sidestepping to close in on her , mortimer on the other side . 
 `` did sofie tell you that the pendant is a key ? '' 
 ursula asked , avoiding viggo 's outstretched hand . 
 sofie lunged for ursula 's neck but mortimer intercepted , holding her back . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 viggo said , a sharp undercurrent in his calm voice . 
 `` it 's a key . 
 plug it into the right lock or portal and you 'll get whatever you need with it . 
 it 's obvious to anyone looking at it , including sofie . '' 
 mortimer whirled on sofie , hurling her back to smash through a ground-level french door with the power of his wrath . 
 `` what else have you been keeping from us ? '' 
 he thundered . 
 ursula 's speckled green eyes darted up to lock with mine for a split second before moving on . 
 the others did n't notice . 
 `` i did some digging after i met your girl at the park , '' she said to the others . 
 `` it was interesting ... the police report for her mother 's death was in your handwriting , viggo . 
 if you were going to kill her , why did n't you just bite her ? '' 
 in one fluid motion , viggo reached up and snapped ursula 's neck . 
 her body dropped to the ground , its life extinguished , her last words ringing in my ears as i collapsed to the floor . 
 17 . 
 murderer max limped out to rub his wet nose against my cheek . 
 it barely registered . 
 `` is it true , max ? '' 
 i choked out . 
 silence . 
 `` do n't go mute now . 
 what do you know ? '' 
 max blinked , averting guilty yellow eyes . 
 he knows something . 
 `` that woman 's crazy , right ? 
 viggo never would have killed my mother . 
 there 's no way , right ? '' 
 i pressed , on the verge of hysteria . 
 i tried to stop it , max finally answered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 max closed his eyes and sighed-an odd reaction from a dog-and a peculiar thing happened . 
 images flashed through my mind . 
 at first they were fuzzy and faint , but the clarity strengthened until it was like a movie trailer was playing inside my head . 
 it was night . 
 someone walked along a dimly lit sidewalk on a quiet street in drizzling rain , though the person had no umbrella , just a jacket hood . 
 the camera angle in my head shifted to show car lights approaching . 
 there was nothing unusual about it until the car 's engine revved . 
 the person 's head turned , the headlights illuminating a female face . 
 the face of my mother , as young and beautiful as i remembered her . 
 the driver suddenly gunned it and swerved , sending the car up onto the sidewalk . 
 i caught the fleeting look of confusion on my mother 's face a second before the car struck her . 
 she did n't have a chance . 
 i gasped , my hands flying to my throat . 
 so many times i had recreated the accident in my head , but this was a thousand times worse . 
 and it did n't end there . 
 the car stopped after hitting her . 
 the door opened and the driver stepped out . 
 i could n't make out a face in the shadows but i recognized that it was a man . 
 he took several long , casual strides over to my mother 's motionless body . 
 when he stooped over her lifeless body to dip his fingers in her blood and the headlights shone across his face , i saw a blonde man with piercing blue eyes . 
 and i knew who it was . 
 viggo murdered my mother . 
 i cried out as wounds that had closed but never healed tore open as surely as if it were happening all over again . 
 only this time the wounds gaped wider than ever before . 
 but why ? 
 why would they kill my mother ? 
 what did viggo gain ? 
 the vision blurred , then disappeared altogether . 
 i scrambled to my feet and swayed , barely able to stand upright , then bolted into my room , intent on escaping this prison . 
 instead i found myself face to face with my mother 's murderer . 
 `` thank goodness you 're okay . 
 you were gone four days this time . 
 we were beginning to worry , '' viggo said , stepping forward . 
 i recoiled . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` oh , you heard that nonsense ? 
 she was a delusional witch . 
 pay no attention . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i quavered . 
 `` why would you - '' i could n't say the words-couldn ' t get them to form in my head , let alone my mouth . 
 `` i saw ! '' 
 i finally whispered . 
 mortimer and sofie had stepped into the room behind him , but i kept my eyes on ... the murderer . 
 `` what do you mean , you saw ? '' 
 viggo 's eyes narrowed , their typical calm morphing into something altogether unfamiliar . 
 i nodded toward the giant dog , now standing at my side . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mortimer 's whisper was harsh , and his eyes bulged . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 he turned to sofie . 
 `` how is this possible ? 
 did you do this ? '' 
 sofie 's head fell back as she laughed hysterically . 
 `` no , but it makes me so happy ! '' 
 mortimer glared at the dog . 
 `` you disappeared from my mind , but i thought you were just angry with me ! 
 i did n't think you had traded allegiances . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' i interjected , forcing bravery . 
 `` why ? 
 why would you do something so ... '' my eyes burned but no tears came . 
 even my eye ducts were in shock . 
 `` monstrous ? '' 
 a smile flickered over viggo 's lips . 
 `` well , at least we can give up this silly charade . 
 it was becoming quite taxing . '' 
 his voice , once placid and soothing , had a sinister edge now . 
 maybe it had always been there , but i 'd been deaf to it until now . 
 `` i need to move somewhere less ... cluttered . '' 
 viggo 's eyes skimmed over the corpses and destruction in the room . 
 `` sofie , why do n't you explain why i felt the need to kill evangeline 's mother ? 
 and make sure you explain your part in it . '' 
 sofie was part of this ? 
 of course she was . 
 she 's a murderer . 
 ursula confirmed it . 
 my stomach twisted , all the same . 
 `` do i tell her the truth , or your version of it ? '' 
 sofie retorted bitterly . 
 viggo responded with a wicked chuckle . 
 `` do you even remember what the truth is anymore ? '' 
 with that , he vanished , mortimer in tow . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' sofie said quietly . 
 i nodded , not because i wanted to go anywhere with sofie , but i needed to get away from this death zone . 
 i zeroed in on the hallway beyond the door , not allowing my eyes to wander for even a second as we maneuvered around the blood and gore . 
 we went to the library . 
 `` where to begin , '' sofie said , settling on the leather couch . 
 she folded her hands in her lap and stared at them , lost in thought . 
 `` how about explaining why you 've been watching me my entire life , '' i snapped , drawing her emotionless , pale green stare to my face , `` and why you cursed me . 
 and about my mother 's death . '' 
 once the questions began , they spilled out like an overturned jar of beans , scattering uncontrollably . 
 `` this crazy ursula woman , who was she ? 
 and nathan , the guy you murdered ? '' 
 my last question sparked a reaction . 
 sofie 's pale eyes displayed raw pain . 
 i had struck a cord . 
 `` nathan is the vampire who turned me , '' she answered quietly , then exhaled as if to compose herself before launching into a long explanation . 
 but then she was up and pacing around the room , nervously chewing on her thumbnail . 
 i was n't used to this side of sofie-anxious , uncertain . 
 i watched in silence , intrigued . 
 `` nathan and i were desperately , madly , irrevocably in love , '' she began , running one of her slender hands through her silky red hair , a waver in her voice . 
 `` you should have seen him , evangeline . 
 he was the inspiration behind the tall , dark , and handsome cliche . 
 gorgeous . 
 i remember the moment i first laid eyes on him . 
 it was 1887 . 
 i was sure my chest would swallow itself whole . '' 
 she dropped her hand to her side . 
 `` anyway , nathan was a vampire and i was a witch and our kinds abhor one another , which made our relationship tricky , to say the least . 
 like the montague and the capulet families in romeo and juliet . '' 
 so now you 're trying to compare yourself to the greatest love story of all time ? 
 i wanted to snort . 
 sofie smirked . 
 `` maybe not as enchanting , but definitely as heart-wrenchingly impossible . '' 
 ugh , i forgot-she could read me like an open book . 
 `` we wanted to spend the rest of our lives together and , for nathan , that meant eternity . 
 now , that was trickier . 
 you see , witches , if exposed to a vampire 's venom , will simply die . 
 every single time . 
 we ca n't survive the transition . 
 i do n't know why ; it 's in the genes , i suppose . 
 anyway , naive and ambitious as i was , i was bound and determined to figure out a spell around this certain death . 
 i knew i was a uniquely gifted sorceress and i was arrogant enough to believe i could solve what others had been unable to . 
 i did solve it ... '' her eyes sparkled with excitement that was extinguished almost instantly . 
 `` or i thought i did . 
 never once did i imagine such terrible consequences . '' 
 sofie paused long enough to sit down in the leather chair . 
 `` nathan was such a fool . 
 he fully trusted me . 
 i told him to bite me , to inject me with venom , and he did . 
 when i woke up , i was immortal . 
 i knew it instantly . 
 i could feel the overwhelming power coursing through my veins . 
 it was exhilarating . '' 
 sofie sighed sadly . 
 when she continued , her voice was thick with torment . 
 `` i found nathan 's lifeless body lying beside me . 
 the spell had reversed the consequences . 
 it killed him . 
 i killed him . '' 
 she 'd cast the spell for love . 
 not for selfish , foolish gains , as mortimer had said . 
 he had lied as well . 
 `` i killed my soul mate , evangeline . 
 and i would have jumped into a flaming pit , had it not been for veronique . '' 
 sofie was out of her chair again and standing in front of the mantel in the blink of an eye , smiling adoringly at the painting of the dark-haired beauty . 
 `` veronique was my younger sister . '' 
 her voice fell , grew distant . 
 `` she was normal ... not a witch , i mean . 
 the sorceress 's gene skipped her . 
 she was always so supportive of my love for nathan , for a vampire . 
 the only supportive one . 
 that 's because she understood implicitly . 
 she was madly in love with not one , but two of them-one named mortimer and the other named viggo . '' 
 i thought my eyes were going to pop out of their sockets . 
 sofie turned to me and chuckled . 
 `` yes , my silly , sweet sister saw something in both of them . 
 outrageous , is n't it ? 
 veronique was waiting to decide between the two before transforming to spend eternity with them . '' 
 she swallowed hard , looking down at the floor . 
 `` when i cast my spell , it destroyed that possibility for her . 
 mortimer felt the change immediately . 
 he described it as the only life force within him , drained . 
 later we learned that every vampire felt something strange happen . 
 they soon discovered that their venom was rendered useless . 
 it was an unexpected outcome of the spell . 
 things like that can happen . 
 `` in my attempt at eternal love and life , i destroyed any chance veronique had of the same . 
 as inconsolable as i was after nathan 's death , i could n't leave my sister like that , to suffer and die alone . 
 and no other witch would ever dream of helping her , even if they could . '' 
 intrigue overshadowed my anger with sofie for the moment . 
 `` but you said that was a hundred and twenty years ago . 
 so ... veronique died ? '' 
 sofie shook her head . 
 `` i knew it could take years to fix my error and there was no way to reverse it because of the nature of the spell . 
 as i told you before , once these types of spells are cast , they ca n't be undone . 
 veronique did n't want to get old and gray , waiting , so we decided to ` preserve ' her and place her somewhere where she could safely wait . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i whispered , picturing an underground tomb or coffin of sorts , dark and dusty and morbid . 
 `` you 've passed her many times , even admired her . '' 
 sofie smiled secretively . 
 she watched intently as i tried to decipher her riddle . 
 when i frowned , shrugging in a sign of concession , she prompted , `` in the atrium ... ? '' 
 the atrium ... i gasped . 
 `` the statue ! 
 you turned your sister into stone ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 sofie laughed . 
 `` she 's inside it . 
 entombed-like a mummy , only without all the white gauze . '' 
 i shuddered involuntarily , shocked at the realization that an actual person was trapped inside . 
 but it suddenly made sense . 
 `` that 's why mortimer and viggo spend so much time there . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` it 's not for their love of fine art , believe me . '' 
 `` so she 's alive in there ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` sort of . 
 she 's basically frozen , her mind in a coma , her body not aging . 
 once you bring a vampire back with you , i can release her and she can be transformed and live happily ever after with whichever of those two urchins she sees fit to choose . '' 
 `` which one will she choose ? '' 
 i wondered aloud . 
 `` good question . '' 
 sofie leaned back in her chair . 
 `` it 'll spell disaster for the other one , surely . 
 i want to be as far away from them as possible when that happens . '' 
 `` they 're not your friends , are they ? 
 viggo and mortimer , i mean . 
 the fighting ... it is n't an act . '' 
 sofie smiled . 
 `` we tolerated each other until five years ago . 
 the night viggo killed your mother . '' 
 `` why did he - '' i could n't finish the sentence . 
 renewed agony stabbed through my heart . 
 she cringed , sensing my pain . 
 `` because i kept you secret , '' sofie admitted reluctantly , shutting her eyes . 
 `` i cast that causal enchantment one hundred and twenty years ago , evangeline . 
 we waited for the fates to respond , to provide us with the solution . 
 then one day , eighteen years ago , the answer flooded into my mind . 
 the spell had affixed itself to a newborn baby . '' 
 her eyes popped open . 
 `` you . '' 
 a cold chill slid through my body . 
 `` the spell had set all kinds of rules and boundaries , specific things that could n't happen or the spell would corrupt itself . 
 you could n't know about the existence of vampires before the night of your eighteenth birthday ; you could n't be compelled-ever . 
 and you had to wear that necklace and touch the statue of your own free will . 
 all kinds of stupid rules . '' 
 she spread her arms , the movement like an unconscious plea . 
 `` i never chose a human to bear the brunt of this , evangeline . 
 believe me . 
 your name , your birth date , where you lived ... it was all decided already . 
 please believe me , i did n't intend any of this for you ... anyway , i kept it from viggo and mortimer . 
 for years , they did n't know the fates had responded , that the spell was finished . 
 max kept you secret too . '' 
 sofie turned to gaze adoringly at max , all signs of hatred gone . 
 `` when i suddenly moved to portland-not exactly the mecca for urban life-mortimer sent max there to protect me . '' 
 sofie rolled her eyes , snorting . 
 `` i was n't stupid . 
 i knew why he was there . 
 it was a cover , of course ; he was to keep tabs on me and report back . 
 but i discovered he was feeding lies to mortimer about basic things that i was doing . 
 it was his way of telling me he was on my side . 
 it 's shocking , really , that a werebeast would disobey its master like that . 
 i did n't know why , but i thanked the heavens every day . 
 eventually i revealed you to max and we watched over you , trying to protect you while you grew up normally . 
 while i tried to break the spell . '' 
 `` what happened , then ? '' 
 sofie paused , swallowing . 
 `` they found out ... mortimer somehow forced an answer out of max and they learned of you . 
 viggo swooped in , ready to kidnap and imprison you . 
 exactly what i expected would happen . 
 so i explained why he could n't - all of the rules . 
 viggo was furious that i had kept you secret for thirteen years , but he was n't willing to risk breaking the spell ; he decided it was best you had no bonds in the human world . 
 so he killed your mother . '' 
 i flinched at her words ; they may as well have been a solid punch to my stomach . 
 `` and then he promised that anyone else who got close to you would die . 
 he was n't bluffing . 
 so i spent the next five years compelling everyone to stay away-your foster families , your friends , the boys at school-everyone . 
 i did n't want you surrounded by death . '' 
 `` is that why ... '' my whisper faded to nothing . 
 it was n't me after all ? 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with you , evangeline , '' sofie confirmed , her expression sorrowful . 
 my whole life had been staged , controlled by vampire puppet-masters on a quest to fulfill their love for their entombed one hundred and twenty-year - old girlfriend and sister . 
 `` why keep this story of veronique a secret ? '' 
 i asked , adding bitterly , `` viggo could have told me the other night , while he was painting himself as a martyr . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` because viggo thinks you 'll default to trusting him if you hate me . 
 plus they 've sworn me to secrecy in all things veronique-related , on penalty of injury to you . '' 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 i was beginning to sound like a broken record . 
 `` they 're terrified of someone finding out about her who could cause her harm . '' 
 `` she 's encased in marble and magic ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 sofie chuckled . 
 `` when you 're madly in love , you do n't act rationally . 
 like ursula . '' 
 i had forgotten about her until now . 
 `` how is she involved in all this ? 
 she was at the park , you know . '' 
 `` besides being the witch that those two twits hired to spy on me ? 
 they do n't trust me . '' 
 smiling sheepishly , she added , `` with good reason , i guess . '' 
 she began massaging her temple with her hand . 
 `` ursula is the classic example of a woman scorned , only she 's a witch so the fury is tenfold . 
 she fell in love with nathan and ensnared him in a love spell to ensure his mutual affection . 
 she 's not pleasant , in case you had n't noticed . 
 well , sorceress spells do n't work well on vampires . 
 nathan realized what was going on , in effect rendering the spell obsolete . 
 he would have killed her if she had n't been so pathetic . 
 he had a compassionate streak in him . '' 
 she smiled wistfully . 
 `` one of the reasons i loved him so . 
 anyway , not long after that , he and i met . 
 it was love at first sight . 
 ursula was bitter , believing that , if i had not ` moved in on her territory , ' he would have forgiven her and fallen madly in love of his own accord . '' 
 `` but that was over a hundred years ago . 
 are witches immortal too ? '' 
 i asked , recalling her mentioning something about host bodies but not understanding this hocus-pocus stuff . 
 sofie shook her head . 
 `` it appears she found a way to jump from one human to the next , taking possession of them for her own form of immortality . 
 she 's clever . 
 that 's why i did n't recognize her . 
 when viggo and mortimer discovered max 's betrayal , it seems they decided to hire a spy as another source of intel . 
 i had sensed a witch from time to time near me but i never put the two together . '' 
 she smirked contemptuously . 
 `` i just thought i had a fan . '' 
 my head was spinning by now , trying to keep track of all the different ways they had deceived each other . 
 there was small comfort in the fact that i was n't the only victim . 
 `` but ursula 's dead now , right ? 
 viggo killed her ? '' 
 sofie shook her head . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's not the last we 'll see of ursula in one form or another . 
 i 'm not exactly sure how she possesses her host bodies , but it must use up a lot of her powers . 
 do n't worry . 
 she wo n't get through these gates a second time , now that those two half-wits know not to invite her and her conjured leopards in . '' 
 i nodded , working to digest everything . 
 `` is there anything else you need to tell me ? '' 
 i asked , my eyes studying sofie 's eyes for any signs of a lie . 
 she met my gaze steadily . 
 `` everything i 've told you is the truth . 
 i swear it . 
 on nathan 's grave . '' 
 does that mean anything , considering she killed him ? 
 i wondered . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i decided she was now the least harmful snake in the pit of vipers . 
 her and max . 
 we sat in silence for awhile . 
 max came over and hunkered down , resting his chin on my lap to look up at me with soulful golden eyes . 
 i looked from him to sofie . 
 `` how am i hearing max ? '' 
 sofie shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know , but ... you have no idea how pleased i am ! '' 
 a goofy grin overwhelmed her face . 
 `` mortimer said something about him lying to him ? '' 
 `` yup ! 
 he 's been making up things and leaving out details since you 've come here . 
 and after you snuck off to the park , he just stopped talking to mortimer altogether . '' 
 the broad smile was still plastered on her face . 
 `` i guess all those years of spying on you made him fall in love . '' 
 she talks too much , max interrupted inside my head , his irritation evident . 
 i could n't help giggling , even given the bizarre method of communication . 
 i had n't been wrong about max 's friendship , after all . 
 one genuine thing around here , at least . 
 patting max 's head once , i stood up and walked over to veronique 's picture to study the catalyst of my curse . 
 gazing up at those olive green eyes , i searched my feelings for resentment , but found none . 
 rationally , i knew this was no more her fault than being cursed was mine . 
 or even sofie 's . 
 `` what a devastatingly beautiful woman , '' a relaxed male voice suddenly said from beside me . 
 viggo , sliding in unseen like a ghost , as casual as ever . 
 as if he had n't murdered my mother . 
 i instinctively assumed a defensive stance , my hands balling up into tight fists . 
 a soft , wicked chuckle escaped him , one that sent a shiver down my back . 
 my anger morphed instantly into fear . 
 he was a monster . 
 `` i met veronique at the emperor 's royal ball . 
 i watched her glide down the o'hara staircase with the purity of an angel , wearing this very dress . 
 i knew i had to have her . '' 
 `` and she settled for you until she found something better , '' mortimer chimed in , appearing from a corner , an edge of competitiveness in his voice . 
 i stood quietly , wondering what their new angle was . 
 viggo rolled his eyes . 
 `` one evening , veronique was traveling to meet sofie in the next city when a group of bandits attacked her carriage . 
 they would have raped and killed her , if not for the aid of mortimer here , who happened to be hunting in the nearby woods . 
 i owed mortimer for saving my true love and , so confident in her love for me , i never thought my lovely angel would fall prey to this rugged brute 's wiles . 
 alas , mortimer and veronique grew close and , before i knew it , she was professing her love to both of us . 
 we became bitter enemies , ready to tear each other apart , except that it would cause pain to veronique for one of us to die . 
 so we waited , impatiently , for her to choose-me , of course-so i could transform her and have her forever . 
 but then her witch of a sister had to go and mess things up ! '' 
 viggo said lightheartedly . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 i asked bitterly . 
 `` you did n't want to tell me anything before and now you 're just brimming with true-life stories . '' 
 `` to show you that we 're just like you ! '' 
 my mouth dropped open in shock . 
 `` you murdered my mother and destroyed my life . 
 you probably snack on newborn babies ! 
 you 're nothing like me ! 
 and you 're trying to win me over with epic love stories , thinking i 'm going to help you ? '' 
 i trembled with rage now . 
 he quirked a brow . 
 `` are you saying you 're not ? '' 
 `` help my mother 's murderer spend eternity with his true love ? 
 hmm , let me see ... '' uncharacteristic bravery was yanking words from my mouth before my brain could process them . 
 but i did n't care . 
 i could n't hurt viggo 's feelings if i tried . 
 `` well , then ... there 's no reason to keep you anymore , is there ? '' 
 viggo 's eyes had turned cold , his smile menacing . 
 all four dogs leapt forward to form a wall around me , but not before viggo had my pendant within his grasp . 
 `` you may tear my heart out , max , but not before i rip this pendant from evangeline 's neck , '' he said , his eyes locked with mine . 
 18 . 
 choices `` viggo , '' mortimer warned , a wary eye on the dogs . 
 he still seemed flabbergasted by max 's new allegiance to me . 
 viggo ignored him , standing fast with my pendant in his hand , hysteria twitching on his face . 
 `` you are going to help us because you want to help yourself . 
 you 're going to bring these friends of yours back , right ? '' 
 i stood frozen . 
 caden . 
 amelie . 
 fiona . 
 bishop . 
 their faces flashed in my mind . 
 `` you 're going to go out and look for this portal for the pendant , '' he continued . 
 `` check every rock , every cave , every city . '' 
 `` the place is crawling with vampires . 
 i 'm dead if they get hold of me , '' i replied warily . 
 `` you 're dead if i get hold of you . '' 
 viggo 's lips curled into a hideous smile . 
 a chorus of deep , menacing growls sounded but no one paid any heed . 
 `` how many vampires are left on this ratheus , anyway ? '' 
 mortimer interjected . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't think there 's been a census done lately , '' i answered sullenly , my eyes glued to viggo . 
 murderer . 
 `` my , someone 's finally found her tongue . 
 when did you become so grating ? '' 
 viggo asked with an infuriating smirk . 
 `` when i found out you murdered my mother . '' 
 `` did n't you explain , sofie ? '' 
 viggo 's eyebrows lifted , but his focus remained on me . 
 `` that was sofie 's fault . 
 she deceived me . '' 
 the gleam in his eye turned my blood ice cold . 
 `` do n't ever deceive me . '' 
 `` you want to be free of us , do n't you ? '' 
 mortimer added , a hint of desperation in his voice . 
 i faltered . 
 `` and will i ? 
 be free of you once i bring them back ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 i do n't believe you . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 either i refused and viggo wrenched the necklace off me right here , right now , leaving caden and the others in ratheus for eternity , forever beyond my sight , or i risked dying by going along with this . 
 highly probable risk but just a risk , all the same . 
 `` so you want me to just wander around until the necklace starts talking to me ? 
 what if i get caught ? 
 so far , the two run-ins i 've had with the vampires of that world have n't exactly ended well . 
 remember ? 
 i almost died both times . '' 
 `` but that was before . 
 you are so much wiser now , and the necklace has properly adjusted . 
 i 'm sure you 'll do just fine , '' viggo assured me , smiling . 
 he stepped away , releasing the pendant . 
 `` so it 's settled ? '' 
 if i release veronique and she chooses mortimer , then this will be worth it . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're feeling good about this plan , given you 're not the one who 's going to die , '' i grumbled . 
 `` and if i die then this whole plan is finished and you have no hope of ever turning veronique . '' 
 mortimer raised an eyebrow at sofie . 
 she sighed . 
 `` if the lapse in time continues as it 's been going , with you staying longer and longer away from here ... i 'm afraid you 'll one day-soon-simply not return . 
 then it wo n't matter . 
 you ca n't survive long in a place like that . '' 
 `` that 's why i was hungry ... and tired , '' i thought aloud . 
 it also explained all the supplies for me that sofie had packed . 
 she had known it would happen . 
 that or she took the ` be-prepared ' girl scout motto to a whole new level . 
 `` so every time i go over now , i 'll be there for longer and longer and eventually i 'll stay there forever ? '' 
 sofie nodded . 
 would that be so bad ? 
 i would n't have to help my mother 's murderer find true love . 
 and i could stay with caden , amelie , fiona , and bishop . 
 in a cave , with no electricity , no running water , no food . 
 four vampires and one human , living together in harmony . 
 no , five vampires . 
 ugh . 
 unless this rachel thing ended and she went back to whatever crypt she belonged in . 
 who was i fooling ? 
 she would n't go anywhere . 
 not before she tore the flesh right from my bones as i watched , screaming . 
 there would always be the constant threat of death . 
 no , not threat . 
 inevitability . 
 even if i evaded death by rachel or some other vampire , it would catch up to me eventually with age . 
 a vivid image popped into my head then-a wrinkled old woman in a black string bikini struggling to shuffle into a hot spring lake , watched with disgust and pity by four young , beautiful vampires . 
 it made me shudder . 
 that 'd be worse than dying . 
 unless ... `` what would happen to the necklace if i stayed there forever ? 
 would it keep protecting me ? 
 like , from their venom ? '' 
 i asked sofie . 
 could i be ... turned ? 
 the very idea made my skin crawl , but i had to know . 
 her eyes flashed knowingly . 
 `` it could keep working , not realizing that you ca n't return to earth anymore . 
 that , or kill you . 
 which one it will be ... it 's a toss-up . '' 
 old or dead . 
 i sighed . 
 well , that ended that idea . 
 i could handle the caveman life if it meant spending it young and with caden , but the alternatives-old and wrinkly or with rachel-were unthinkable . 
 so that left me helping the vampire who 'd murdered my mother or letting him kill me . 
 could i get away ? 
 could i bring them all over then escape ? 
 hope sparked for only a millisecond ; he 'd hunt me down . 
 i 'd spend the rest of my life being the prey of a desperate two thousand-year-old vampire . 
 `` the rest of my life '' would prove much shorter than expected . 
 i swallowed the painful lump in my throat . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay ? '' 
 viggo 's brow rose incredulously . 
 i nodded . 
 `` fabulous ! '' 
 that deceptively charming smile was back . 
 i saw through it now , though . 
 `` is there anything you need ? '' 
 sofie asked softly , sadness in her eyes . 
 `` i can go pick up some supplies . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` a wet suit . '' 
 viggo and mortimer looked at me suspiciously . 
 `` in case this portal is underwater , '' i quickly added . 
 or in the cave with the merth , which was exactly where i was headed . 
 i was going to bring back as much merth as possible so i could wrap myself in it . 
 hello , max 's deep voice boomed clearly in my head . 
 my eyes widened . 
 still not ready ? 
 `` no , i 'm not ready to hear voices in my head . 
 i 'll never be ready to hear voices . 
 but that wo n't change anything , will it ? '' 
 i muttered bitterly , turning onto my back in bed to stare up at the ceiling . 
 so i was having a conversation with a dog . 
 so what ? 
 plenty of people talk to animals . 
 leo had moved my things-whatever had n't been damaged-into another suite . 
 the furnishings were similar here to those in my previous room , but the magical vibe was gone . 
 the bloody quarters , i mused , my eyes scanning the rich red walls and fabrics . 
 if those giant leopards had been massacred in here , the carnage would have blended in nicely . 
 i reached over and touched one of max 's massive paws . 
 `` how can i hear you ? '' 
 because you 're my master now . 
 `` what does that even mean ? 
 how am i your master ? '' 
 i do n't know . 
 it just happened . 
 mortimer used to be my master and now you are . 
 `` and how do i talk to you in my head ? 
 you know , telepathically ? '' 
 you ca n't . 
 i do n't know why , but it 's only one-way communication . 
 i nodded , somehow disappointed with the limitation . 
 `` sofie said you watched over me ? '' 
 yes . 
 i brightened with an idea . 
 `` you need to show me what you saw , max , '' i urged . 
 `` you have to if i 'm your master and i order you , right ? '' 
 i heard a loud groan of annoyance . 
 you 're sounding like mortimer already . 
 `` oh ... sorry max . '' 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 `` but it 's important . '' 
 what would you like to see ? 
 i thought for a moment . 
 `` my mother ? 
 before ... '' before she was murdered . 
 `` i need to get that image out of my head . 
 please max . '' 
 that picture show began in my head again . 
 this time i was looking through a window at a girl of maybe five , her long blond pigtails tied with peacock blue satin bows , sitting on a stool in a small kitchen . 
 she was savoring a batter-covered beater as if chocolate was the most heavenly taste ever created . 
 a blonde woman , her back to the girl , was loading a tray of cupcakes into the oven to bake . 
 she turned , offering a dimpled smile and a laugh to the little girl . 
 my mother . 
 warmth warred with stabbing pain in my chest . 
 my memory had n't done her justice . 
 i had forgotten how beautiful she was , with her shoulder-length , sandy blonde hair and infectious smile . 
 even at a young age , i 'd noticed how she turned heads . 
 but it was n't just her looks . 
 she also had that charismatic , clever personality that won people over in seconds . 
 the room would light up when she walked in . 
 at least for me , it always did . 
 images began flashing in my mind again . 
 faces ... faces i recognized as those in the foster homes i had moved through in my youth . 
 mrs. boulding , the avon lady . 
 mr. billsbury , the drunk . 
 mrs. clairmont , the evangelical loon . 
 the darlings . 
 they had been relatively normal ... the images went on and on , a candid viewing of my transient life until it stopped with the image of me stumbling in front of newt 's brew . 
 watching the scene from max 's point of view , i saw sofie 's pricey lantern fall over and smash without ever coming into contact with my leg . 
 magic . 
 it had all been staged . 
 a chill swept over me . 
 but that was n't the most unsettling discovery in all of this . 
 `` how did i not see you ? '' 
 i did n't want to be seen , max said matter-of-factly . 
 of course . 
 a three hundred pound dog lurking in my apartment and prowling the streets after me , and my spidey-senses never kicked in . 
 but eddie , the crazy homeless guy , had seen him . 
 `` how often were you watching me ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 you were never alone . 
 the sudden urge to vomit hit me like a tidal wave . 
 i bolted to the washroom . 
 after several minutes of staring at the white porcelain toilet bowl-nothing was coming up , it was just my nerves-i gave up and stumbled back with the awful knowledge that there had been a pair of eyes on me for my entire life , and i had never suspected it . 
 `` max , show me everything you remember , '' i demanded . 
 i remember everything . 
 `` okay , the important things . '' 
 i lay down on the bed , my eyes staring at the ceiling without seeing it , getting a play-by-play of my childhood through the eyes of a dog . 
 some memories were specific , like the halloween i dressed in a penguin costume-my mother 's favorite animal-and waddled out the front door , only to fall flat on my face and give myself a bloody nose because the costume bound my feet together too tightly . 
 other images were vague-me , sitting in my room , crying quietly as i clutched a framed picture of my mother . 
 i had done that often in the early days . 
 max showed me another flash then , one that did n't require a replay for me to remember every second . 
 i had just turned thirteen and was at home watching reruns on television , what i normally did while waiting for my mom to get home from work . 
 the doorbell rang . 
 is your father home ? 
 a policeman asked when i opened the door . 
 i shook my head . 
 do you have any family you can call ? 
 i shook my head , frowning , wondering what was going on . 
 the female police officer smiled gently and asked me to wait a second while she called someone on her radio . 
 child services showed up not long after , sending me to my room to pack a bag of things . 
 that was the night viggo murdered my mother . 
 the images stopped . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 i asked max . 
 i just can . 
 `` show me more , then . 
 show me everything . '' 
 he obliged . 
 me , studying alone in the library for hours . 
 me , alone and leaning against a chain link fence after school , reading a book as all the other kids hung out together . 
 me , alone in a park , swinging so high that i looked ready to sail off . 
 me , always alone . 
 bitterness swelled . 
 of course i was alone . 
 viggo had made sure of it . 
 what would my life have been like without this blasted curse ? 
 i stared vacantly at sofie as she walked into the room , another mountain bag slung over one shoulder as if it were filled with cotton balls . 
 she has your best interests at heart , max said . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 i answered . 
 sofie looked up at me , frowning . 
 i shook my head dismissively . 
 `` oh . '' 
 she smiled , glancing over at the dog sprawled on the king-sized bed . 
 `` ready to go ? 
 it 's time to strap you in . '' 
 with everything that had transpired-the attack , learning the devastating truth about my mother and my life-i had n't had a second to think about ratheus ... about caden 's rejection . 
 it seemed so trivial now , yet my stomach tightened all the same , a wave of nausea draining my face of blood . 
 but , in the end , it was n't trivial . 
 hope that caden might feel something for me , that i could save him and the others from their isolation , was all i had left . 
 i had lost everything else because of this curse . 
 something good had to come of it . 
 was there something more than friendship there ? 
 his words had been so contradictory . 
 was i reading too much into them , hearing what i wanted to hear-what i needed to hear ? 
 there had to be some twisted reason that had brought him-a sweet , kind , gorgeous , down-to-earth creature-together with the anti-christ , rachel . 
 i dragged myself off the bed to sit in front of the bag . 
 `` great , '' sofie said cheerfully , affixing the straps . 
 i frowned at her . 
 she was way too cheery . 
 viggo 's listening , max said . 
 they think she 's keeping secrets from them . 
 they do n't trust her . 
 `` wonder why , '' i grumbled . 
 sofie glanced up , shushing me with her finger . 
 sofie wants me to tell you to stay put . 
 do n't go looking for the portal . 
 `` but what if - '' sofie 's hand clamped over my mouth , accompanied by a severe glare of caution . 
 you 'll never find it and you 'll just be putting yourself in danger . 
 it will find you . 
 my mouth opened to speak but snapped shut when sofie 's mint eyes flashed with another stern warning . 
 did that mean she knew where it was ? 
 i nodded once , my eyes darting suspiciously between the two of them . 
 did sofie ask max to relay the message earlier , or could they also communicate ? 
 i was dying to ask , but i could n't . 
 i 'd ask max later . 
 i had something more important to ask . 
 `` sofie ? '' 
 i said , hesitant . 
 `` do you think there 's any way i can bring more than one of them back ? '' 
 `` i wish i could say yes or no , '' she murmured . 
 `` there 's a chance , though ... there . 
 one done . '' 
 her hands moved to the next strap . 
 `` you 've really taken to them , have n't you ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 viggo did n't need another way to hurt me . 
 i caught sofie 's knowing smile . 
 `` it just seems cruel to bring one back and leave the rest there . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it would be , '' she agreed . 
 `` let 's hope you do n't have to make that choice . 
 either way , i would n't mention that part to them . 
 for your sake . '' 
 i listened to the clock ticking as sofie finished buckling me in . 
 sofie opened her mouth to speak , then hesitated . 
 `` i know they 're your friends , '' she began , `` but please be careful . 
 you 're such a trusting girl , evangeline . '' 
 desperately gullible . 
 that 's what i was . 
 fiona had a torch burning within seconds of my arrival . 
 `` let me help you with that ! '' 
 she started on the straps of my backpack . 
 `` it 's so good to see you , '' i exclaimed , smiling with genuine happiness . 
 it vanished the second i saw jet black hair in my peripheral vision . 
 my body went rigid , a prickly sensation filling my lungs . 
 rachel was back . 
 and wearing an outfit sofie had purchased for her . 
 `` hi rachel . '' 
 i held my breath and forced a smile , hoping it looked authentic . 
 she looked at me like a snake studying a mouse it was seriously considering for dinner . 
 did caden mention to her that i threw myself at him ? 
 no , i 'd already be dead . 
 i heard myself exhale , all fear of rachel vanishing as caden walked in . 
 my heart practically leapt out of my chest and a big , dumb grin that i could n't control stretched my face . 
 i was filled with a volatile mixture of anxiety and excitement . 
 all i needed was that returning smile , a glint in his intense jade eyes that would tell me all was okay . 
 that we were okay . 
 his eyes skimmed over my face-no smile , no wink , no sign that he even recognized me-before he strolled over to rachel . 
 he wrapped his arms adoringly around her , nuzzling into her thick mane of black hair , whatever aversion to public affection he had before clearly gone . 
 my smile slid off my face . 
 `` what did you bring us ? '' 
 rachel asked , her cool lemon eyes passing over me , giving me chills . 
 `` i ... stuff , '' i mumbled . 
 `` you 're back ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed , suddenly appearing to skip over and give me a big hug . 
 i nodded , unable to form words . 
 `` did you bring blood ? '' 
 rachel 's eyebrow arched severely . 
 `` are you nuts ? 
 no ! 
 she 's not bringing us human blood , '' fiona snapped , her normally placid face showing rare annoyance . 
 she untied the strings and knots and began pulling items out of the bag . 
 `` boots ! '' 
 amelie cried in delight , hoisting a pair of brown leather riding boots . 
 fiona had a matching pair . 
 there was a third set for rachel . 
 i wanted to burn those . 
 `` mine ! '' 
 bishop shouted , startling me , as an acoustic guitar appeared . 
 i had barely noticed him stroll in , even when he stopped to ruffle my hair . 
 seeing his genuine pleasure , i felt a tiny ball of warmth swell in the pit of my twisting stomach . 
 sofie had listened to every word i 'd ever said about them . 
 `` check it out ! '' 
 bishop tossed the instrument to caden , who caught it with one hand . 
 letting go of rachel , he strummed the first few notes of some song . 
 `` you play too ? '' 
 i asked , giving him a chance to acknowledge me . 
 `` of course i do . '' 
 his voice was detached and cool , his expression remote , his eyes not leaving the guitar strings as he spoke . 
 he may as well have smashed me over the head with the instrument . 
 `` stupid girl , '' rachel mocked , laughing at my wounded expression . 
 `` show us how to turn this on . '' 
 fiona shoved a portable dvd player in my face , forcing my attention to her . 
 it gave me a chance to hide the pain on my face . 
 she grabbed my hand and squeezed it . 
 sympathy . 
 caden must have told them . 
 `` oh , this ... for movies , '' i stammered . 
 `` there 's a bunch of battery packs as well , to keep it running . '' 
 `` are any of them good ? '' 
 amelie interjected , holding up a collection of dvds . 
 they were trying to distract me , to keep my mind preoccupied . 
 a very considerate , if useless , act . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 i mean , no . 
 i mean - '' i could n't think straight . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` has she always been so stupid , or is this new ? '' 
 rachel said to caden , loud enough for me to hear . 
 `` i know . 
 the witch could have looked a little harder , '' caden responded , reaching out to grab her hand and pull her into an affectionate embrace . 
 it was a razor-sharp verbal stab . 
 i dropped my gaze to my hands , salty tears welling in my eyes . 
 i could n't take much more of this . 
 fiona 's hand grasped mine again and squeezed as rachel giggled wickedly , likely pitying me . 
 i dared one more glance at caden , one more gaze at that beautiful face before i accepted the instant and horrible demise of my fantasy and moved my focus to the dark reality of my situation : my death if i did n't find the secret of this spell . 
 my eyes crawled up along rachel 's back , over caden 's arms , still wrapped lovingly around her , to his perfect face . 
 to see his eyes glued to me , a strange look in them . 
 what is that look ... pity ? 
 no , pleading . 
 but for what , exactly ? 
 rachel 's hand massaged caden 's chest and abdomen seductively , her fingers curling into claws that raked over him hard enough to leave impressions in his shirt . 
 i shut my eyes , a mixture of revulsion and anger flaring , though i knew i had no right . 
 he was n't mine . 
 he was rachel 's , as ghastly a proposition as that was . 
 she could do whatever she wanted with him-to him . 
 but telling myself that did nothing to ease the pain of the knife being twisted in my heart . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 rachel 's face was now burrowed in caden 's neck , her attention otherwise occupied . 
 i glanced up at caden 's face again to see that same pleading look , only more intense . 
 i 'm sorry , he mouthed slowly . 
 my eyes went wide in surprise . 
 sorry for what ? 
 for morphing from sweet and affectionate to exhibitionist ass ** le ? 
 amelie loudly cleared her throat . 
 i turned to look at her . 
 she stared hard at me , as if sending me a message telepathically . 
 i 'm not your pet , amelie ! 
 i do n't know what you 're trying to tell me ! 
 something very strange was happening here and i hated it . 
 i wanted the last trip back , with its laughter , its ease . 
 its time with caden . 
 no rachel . 
 if only there was some way to make her go away again ... `` sofie says i can bring you back with me , '' i suddenly blurted without thinking . 
 everyone 's eyes bugged out , caden 's in horror . 
 a plan was forming in my head . 
 my own web of deceit . 
 the very idea of lying to amelie , fiona , and bishop made me ill but i had no other choice . 
 i needed rachel gone . 
 i 'd explain afterward . 
 `` sofie thinks the answer is somewhere out there and someone needs to go looking for it , '' i continued , my voice trembling . 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 rachel 's face screwed up . 
 `` well ... '' think fast , evangeline , or she 's going to see right through your sloppy efforts ! 
 `` you know how the statue just appeared , out of nowhere ? 
 sofie 's spell put it there . 
 to create a point of origin . 
 but something else also appeared . 
 a portal for my necklace . 
 it will tell me how to bring you back with me . '' 
 not you though , rachel . 
 `` she 's lying to you , '' caden said , throwing a panicked glare in my direction . 
 i ignored him . 
 `` it could be a scroll , a book , another statue . 
 whatever it is , you 'll know . 
 it wo n't look seven hundred years old . '' 
 `` where do we start ? '' 
 amelie leapt onto her feet , her typically animated personality in overdrive . 
 rachel was more wary . 
 `` it could take years to find it , if at all ! '' 
 `` no . 
 it wants to be found . '' 
 by you , rachel . 
 go fetch . 
 `` sofie thinks it 's either in the mountains or in a city . 
 somewhere still inhabited , where someone who was familiar with the city could find it . '' 
 like you . 
 `` the only city left is new shore , '' fiona began . 
 `` hey , is n't that where you went , rachel ? '' 
 i asked innocently . 
 `` you know it really well , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , but there 's nothing like what you 're talking about there . '' 
 she bit her lower lip . 
 `` i 'll have to do some searching ... '' i have her . 
 `` maybe i 'll go look around during my trip there next week . '' 
 no , it has to be today . 
 this instant ! 
 i silently screamed , my thumbs squeezed so tightly within my fists that i thought i might break them . 
 `` that 's a problem ... '' i said , pausing to formulate my next lie . 
 `` sofie said that we 're running out of time . 
 i only have a few more trips before the spell wears off . '' 
 `` oh my god ! 
 we better start looking ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed . 
 `` come on ! 
 let 's go ! 
 i 'll take the north mountain , you take the south , fiona , '' she rambled . 
 `` we can go to new shore , '' rachel said , her arm around caden . 
 no , not ` we ' ! 
 just you ! 
 i reached over to grab fiona 's hand , squeezing hard , wishing i could take a time-out and explain everything . 
 `` what about using scout and the others to search ? '' 
 fiona said . 
 she had n't picked up on my panic . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 `` of course ! 
 great idea , babe ! '' 
 bishop cried , kissing fiona . 
 no , no , no ! 
 this plan was n't going how i wanted it . 
 `` of course caden is connected to half of our guard around here , so he needs to be here to communicate , '' fiona said slowly . 
 my panic escaped through my mouth in a long sigh . 
 i glanced over at fiona , who winked at me . 
 she understood . 
 i fought the urge to hug her , silently begging her forgiveness for lying . 
 `` but , i just got back ! '' 
 rachel scoffed , a horrified expression on her face . 
 `` we 've barely seen each other ! '' 
 `` fiona 's right , '' caden said , taking rachel 's hands in his and staring into her eyes . 
 if he was indeed feigning great disappointment at the idea of being apart , his acting skills were impressive . 
 rachel began shaking her head in response . 
 `` we need all the help we can get in these mountains and the valleys . '' 
 he cupped her chin . 
 `` plus , as long as evangeline is here , we should have as many of us as possible around for protection . 
 you know new shore best , out of anyone . 
 and you 'll have no problems searching it , being part of the council . 
 no one will question you . '' 
 rachel 's bottom lip curved down in a childish pout . 
 `` think of this new world ... human blood , '' he whispered . 
 i could see the uncontainable lust flash in her eyes with the mention of human blood . 
 her dangling carrot . 
 that caden had previously renounced the act of killing humans did n't phase her . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll be back as soon as i can . '' 
 with one obscenely long , mauling kiss for caden-one that i did n't watch , instead locking eyes with fiona-rachel vanished . 
 i exhaled slowly , covering my overjoyed smile within folded hands in the small chance that it may be inappropriate . 
 the ball of anxiety over caden still sat prominently in my stomach but at least now i 'd have a chance to find out what the hell was going on . 
 `` let 's do this ! '' 
 bishop announced . 
 `` wait . '' 
 fiona 's eyes narrowed , communicating silently with him , nodding toward the cave entrance . 
 with a slight frown of concern , he nodded and walked over to stand by the entrance , staring out into nothingness-listening or smelling , i assumed . 
 we sat silently , waiting for bishop 's sanction . 
 my eyes flitted over to caden to catch him staring at me , expressionless . 
 his eyes dropped . 
 `` and she 's gone ! 
 crossed over the first mountain , '' bishop announced in a booming voice . 
 i had to figure out how to do that with max , i promised myself . 
 `` okay evangeline , what 's going on ? '' 
 fiona asked . 
 at the same time caden yelled , `` i told you not to say anything ! '' 
 `` do n't get mad , everyone , '' i said , my hands out in a sign of peace . 
 i had just lied to a group of vampires about the one thing they desperately wanted . 
 the gravity of that began to sink in . 
 amelie , bishop , and fiona 's eyes darted between caden and me . 
 `` you knew about this ? '' 
 amelie 's raspy voice was full of shock . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i lied , '' i began . 
 she turned , her angelic face crestfallen , the brightness in her eyes fading . 
 `` not about taking you back ! '' 
 i quickly added . 
 `` before , when i told you that i could n't take you back , i lied . '' 
 `` so you can ? '' 
 amelie 's emerald eyes began glowing eagerly again . 
 `` sort of ... '' my eyes darted to caden , looking for help . 
 he turned away , jaw clenched and eyes closed . 
 `` well , which is it ? '' 
 amelie cried in frustration . 
 `` that 's the tricky part . 
 i do n't know exactly how to do it . '' 
 `` so all that stuff about the portal was a lie ? '' 
 bishop said slowly and evenly . 
 `` no ! 
 that was true ! 
 sofie said there 's no use in looking for it , though . 
 we 'll never find it that way , she said . 
 but ... there 's more . '' 
 i paused , dreading this part . 
 `` i do n't know how many of you i can bring back . 
 that 's why i did n't tell you . '' 
 `` but ... there 's hope ? '' 
 amelie began pacing . 
 `` maybe you can bring us all back ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 maybe . 
 i mean , sofie thinks i can . '' 
 a lie . 
 a little white lie but a lie all the same . 
 one i prayed would never be proven wrong . 
 `` bring us all back so we can kill you when we get there ? '' 
 caden leaned against the cave wall , his expression blank , his voice flat . 
 `` we wo n't kill her , caden ! '' 
 amelie glared at her brother . 
 `` my sister , the eternal optimist , '' caden sneered . 
 `` and if she 's wrong , you 're the one who pays . '' 
 he pushed himself off the wall and turned , his back to me now like a slap to my face . 
 my eyes roamed the group , studying expressions full of optimism , shock , angst , and horror as they silently played the situation through in their heads . 
 there was a long pause , then chaos erupted . 
 amelie and fiona began giggling and hopping around like sugar-high children , hugging each other . 
 bishop grabbed me and repeatedly tossed me into the air until i was sure i would puke . 
 i looked over to where caden stood calmly , seemingly apathetic to the prospect of leaving ratheus . 
 or leaving with me , that paranoid part of me whispered . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 amelie asked when she and fiona took a break from bounding around . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sofie said to wait and , when the time was right , we would find the portal . 
 it needs to be soon , though . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 caden quickly asked . 
 i explained the curse 's warped sense of time . 
 `` are you saying that if we do n't figure this problem out soon , you 'll die ? '' 
 caden asked , his voice still unnaturally calm , that unreadable expression on his face . 
 i nodded . 
 he averted his gaze to the floor again . 
 `` is there any chance that the portal is out there in the woods ? '' 
 bishop asked . 
 i shrugged again . 
 `` sofie does n't think so , but i guess it would n't hurt to search , right ? '' 
 `` we 'll have some of our pets check things out , '' bishop agreed . 
 `` it would n't take them long . 
 it will stretch our perimeter guard , but we should be okay . '' 
 `` okay , so what do we do in the meantime ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 i turned to caden . 
 `` can you take me to the place where the merth grows again ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` sofie needs it . '' 
 `` sure . 
 anything for sofie . '' 
 the sarcasm was impossible to miss . 
 he disappeared down the tunnel , carefully avoiding my eyes . 
 sending rachel away had n't changed anything , i thought bitterly . 
 `` we ca n't go in there . 
 it 's too painful for us weak little girls , '' amelie explained with an apologetic smile . 
 she and fiona stood on the ledge by the waterfall . 
 `` and you 'll have to pick it yourself . 
 merth only has to touch us to make us flop like rag dolls , '' bishop added , squeezing my shoulder . 
 `` that 's okay . '' 
 i smiled , glancing over to see caden approaching us . 
 he had vanished for a brief time while we were gathering the mountain bags and i was changing into my wet suit . 
 he stopped in front of me . 
 `` let 's get this over with . 
 i hate being near this wretched stuff . '' 
 he picked me up as he had the other day . 
 i buried my face in his chest again , only this time the awkwardness was unbearable . 
 we were through the waterfall and standing beside the sea of merth in seconds . 
 i looked up at caden and bishop 's faces . 
 as much as they tried to disguise it , they could n't hide the pain in their eyes . 
 they each trailed behind me with a canvas bag , careful not to make contact with the swaying cords as i hastily yanked the delicate strands of merth and stuffed them in the bags . 
 `` these are too pretty to pull out , '' i murmured . 
 `` pretty enough to sedate an army of vampires , '' bishop responded wryly . 
 there 're only three vampires i want to sedate , i thought as i worked . 
 funny ; sofie did n't make that list . 
 maybe i was crazy after all . 
 both bags-the one i 'd brought tonight and the one from before-were filled in no time . 
 there was still a sea of silver growing . 
 enough to fill a hundred of these bags if i needed to ... a shout from bishop made me turn in time to see caden crumpling into a patch of merth . 
 i gasped , recalling his description as i realized one of the strands had grazed his leg : a thousand razors cutting into his flesh . 
 i ran to him and grabbed hold of his arm , pulling with every ounce of strength i had . 
 somehow i got him out . 
 dropping to my knees , i cradled his head in my lap . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , pleading . 
 his eyelids flickered open . 
 he gazed up at me . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 silence followed-seconds that felt like hours-then i felt a hand on the back of my head . 
 caden pulled me down to kiss me . 
 and then he abruptly broke off , murmuring , `` sorry . '' 
 he was on his feet and moving away from me in a flash . 
 `` i got caught up in the moment . 
 i did n't mean to do it . '' 
 `` no , of course , '' i said , scrambling to my feet . 
 i glanced around for bishop . 
 he had vanished . 
 i looked back to caden , and my heart went cold . 
 his jaw was taut , his full lips pressed tightly together , and torture was alive in his eyes . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i know ! 
 you just want to be friends . 
 go ahead ! 
 say it ! '' 
 i fought tears but they escaped anyway . 
 i furiously rubbed them away . 
 unexpected amusement flashed in his brilliant green eyes . 
 `` you want me to lie to you ? '' 
 19 . 
 the cover , uncovered i frowned , confused by his answer . 
 why would he be ... caden suddenly appeared in front of me , wrapping his arms around my body , pulling me toward him , his chin resting on my head . 
 `` it 's been hell , waiting for you all week , '' he murmured , easing his grip enough that he could lean down and press his forehead against mine . 
 `` i hated leaving things that way . 
 i wanted to explain ... '' i could n't breathe , even when i consciously reminded myself that i needed to . 
 the caden from before was back , the caden i did n't ever want to be apart from again . 
 but what did he mean ? 
 `` can you explain now ? '' 
 i heard myself ask , grudgingly pulling far enough away to look up at him . 
 `` i mean , why were you ... like that earlier ? '' 
 caden laughed . 
 cupping my face with his hands , he sighed . 
 `` because of you , '' he said . 
 i stared hard at him , my brow furrowing . 
 `` i do n't get it . '' 
 he kept staring intensely at me . 
 `` that 's why i 'm with rachel ... because of you . '' 
 caden chuckled . 
 `` you 're looking at me like i have two heads again , '' he murmured , pulling me close to him , his sculpted chest against my cheek . 
 `` that makes no sense , '' i mumbled , genuinely confused . 
 `` amelie was right . 
 you are oblivious . '' 
 i scowled . 
 caden exhaled noisily , pushing me away so i could look into his eyes again . 
 they searched my face , touching on every detail , memorizing every line . 
 `` that first night you arrived here , on ratheus , i had just come back from new shore for the first time in hundreds of years . 
 i was going to report jethro for having merth . 
 i 'm no rat , but it was either that or start a war with him , one that would surely cause death on both sides . 
 i could n't risk losing any of these three , especially my sister . 
 `` the council hears grievances on occasion , as their way of governing society-it 's a circus show , really . 
 entertainment . 
 anyway , it was at the council meeting that i first met rachel . 
 they would have laughed me out of there , possibly killed me , if she had n't spoken up , saying she would personally investigate the matter . 
 i believed her . 
 stupid , right ? 
 so i led her back to that small cave we were in that first night . 
 `` it was n't until we were sitting in our cave that she told me i was her soul mate and she had to have me . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` the feelings were n't mutual , believe me . 
 i was looking for a diplomatic way to let her down when amelie showed up , you in her arms . 
 it all happened so fast . 
 rachel saw you and , realizing what you were , demanded we take you back to the council . 
 she 's ancient-i do n't even know how old-and therefore impossibly strong . 
 we could have fought her , maybe killed her , but one of us would have died in the struggle . 
 or she could have escaped , running back to the council to tell them before we had the chance to catch her . 
 she 's even faster than bishop , and he 's the fastest of us . '' 
 caden paused to rachel 's eyed narrowed push a strand of hair away from my face . 
 `` so i did the only thing i could think of to stop her . 
 i pretended to love her and used that to my advantage . '' 
 he shuddered again . 
 `` i convinced her that we needed to hide you . 
 it worked like a charm ... except for one small problem , '' he murmured , softly running the back of his hand along my cheek . 
 `` the only thing more deadly than a hungry vampire is a jealous vampire . 
 rachel is a narcissist . 
 she would n't even consider the idea that i 'm deceiving her-that in truth i 'm disgusted by her . 
 but she 's also terribly suspicious . 
 if she even suspected for a second that my thoughts and feelings were with someone else ... '' i felt the nervous flutter in my stomach as i heard him say those words but i quickly reprimanded myself , sure that i was reading too much into it . 
 he had to be talking about someone else . 
 i remained silent . 
 `` that night you were bitten ... if she had ever found out what had happened , she would have torn through me to get to you . '' 
 `` but you had no other choice , '' i said defensively . 
 he chuckled to himself . 
 `` i suppose not , '' he whispered , looking at me strangely . 
 `` that 's why i was so cold to you today . 
 it 's getting so much harder to pretend . 
 i was afraid she 'd see right through me . '' 
 he pushed my hair away from my face then , those gorgeous jade eyes gazing adoringly at me . 
 `` i knew ... the moment i laid eyes on you , i knew . '' 
 his hands slid down my arms to twine his fingers with mine . 
 he pulled my hands behind my back , forcing me closer to him . 
 butterflies the size of bats began madly flapping around in my stomach , flying at warp speed . 
 am i imagining things ? 
 i swallowed . 
 is this impossibly beautiful man telling me what i think he is ? 
 `` so that means you 're not with rachel , right ? 
 you do n't love her , after all , '' i whispered , needing to hear him say it . 
 `` no , not her . 
 i do n't love her . '' 
 he buried his face in my neck , inhaling deeply . 
 `` i thought you would have figured it out by now . 
 i promised myself i would n't tell you anything , for your sake . 
 it 's safer to keep you in the dark , given rachel , with you being human , with you being from another world ... '' he went on , naming all the obvious obstacles . 
 `` but that 's not possible anymore , '' he said , pulling away to gaze down at me again , his face solemn , `` with you attacking me that morning and all . '' 
 `` i did n't attack you , '' i stammered , embarrassed . 
 the corners of caden 's mouth twitched . 
 he 's teasing . 
 `` i do n't know what came over me , '' i admitted sheepishly . 
 `` and i thought you were reserved , '' he quipped . 
 we stood there , silently staring at each other . 
 the urge to lean forward and `` attack '' him again became unbearable . 
 but i was n't going to initiate it this time . 
 so i stood there , trembling in anticipation . 
 he let out a loud sigh and dropped my hands to slowly back away from me . 
 `` i should n't be doing this . '' 
 he dipped his head to study the ground . 
 when it lifted again , his face had gone stony . 
 `` i meant what i said about you and i being impossible , but i wanted you to understand why . '' 
 my mind was reeling with the sudden change in direction . 
 `` what ... what does that mean ? '' 
 caden heaved another resigned sigh and leaned against the cave wall . 
 `` it means we continue doing what we 've been doing , pretending this conversation did n't happen . 
 that these feelings do n't exist . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 i ca n't sit around and watch you being pawed by that she-devil ! '' 
 i said , my eyes narrowed with incredulity . 
 how could he even suggest such a thing ? 
 `` do n't worry about me . 
 i can handle it . '' 
 `` i bet , '' i grumbled , suddenly realizing that a beautiful seductress throwing herself at a guy , willing to do god-knows-what , was n't exactly the worst punishment in the world . 
 his eyes flickered with recognition at my insinuation . 
 `` hey , if you have a better idea , i 'm all ears , '' he snapped . 
 but he quickly apologized , adding , `` the only way any of that is bearable is because i 'm imagining you . '' 
 i felt myself blush furiously , a strange sensation stirring within me . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 `` now we get out of this cave , '' caden said softly , wincing . 
 it hit me then . 
 `` merth ! '' 
 `` yeah , it hurts . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i mean , we can bind her in it . '' 
 `` no , ` we ' ca n't because ` we ' ca n't touch it , '' he explained patiently . 
 `` i can , though , '' i began , but he was already shaking his head furiously . 
 `` not a chance . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` but i could - '' `` no ! '' 
 caden yelled , then clenched his jaw tightly again . 
 i shrank back . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean that . 
 this was what i was worried about-why i did n't tell you how i felt in the first place . 
 it 's going to be hard enough to ignore each other . 
 i ca n't be worrying about you pulling any insane stunts with her . 
 what you did today , lying to her like that-it was stupid . 
 impressive , but stupid . 
 she 's the most dangerous , wicked creature you will ever face in your life , and i 'd like that to be a long life . '' 
 my anger flared . 
 `` then maybe you should n't have run off into the woods to pick flowers , and been so damn flirtatious ! '' 
 i snapped back at him . 
 he smirked . 
 `` i thought getting angry was pointless . '' 
 that only infuriated me more . 
 `` i 've never seen you angry . 
 it 's endearing . '' 
 he smiled adoringly at me . 
 the smile only lasted a second , though , fading as he stepped in closer to me . 
 `` i know ... i should n't have . 
 but i could n't help myself . 
 i 'm not much better than any other vampire out there . '' 
 `` no , you 're different , '' i whispered with stoic conviction . 
 `` that 's because this pendant is protecting you , evangeline , '' caden lectured softly , reaching up to run his finger along the silver chain , grazing my collarbone and sending shivers through my body . 
 `` believe me , things would be different otherwise . '' 
 `` you 'd be fine , '' i said firmly , closing the gap between us . 
 i slowly reached up to touch the tips of my fingers to his chiseled jawline . 
 `` evangeline , please , do n't make this harder than it already is , '' he pleaded , but then he leaned in , letting his lips tenderly fall onto mine . 
 my knees buckled , but caden 's arms were there to grip me firmly . 
 i was n't going anywhere . 
 it was n't until he pulled away that i managed a breathe again . 
 he rested his forehead against mine , closing his eyes . 
 `` what if we find another hiding place ? 
 move the statue there ? 
 rachel wo n't know where we went , '' i suggested . 
 `` you 're brimming with ideas today , are n't you ? '' 
 he retorted sarcastically . 
 `` then there 'd be no incentive to keep rachel quiet . 
 besides , it would n't take long for the council to track us down . '' 
 he stepped away from me again , a sad smile on his face . 
 `` come on . 
 we should get back to the others . '' 
 we stepped into the main cave as bishop made a loud crashing sound , evidently enjoying a board game sofie had included in the bag . 
 and seriously annoying fiona , based on her irritated frown . 
 `` battleship ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sorry . 
 a bit lame . '' 
 what was sofie thinking ? 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? 
 this is awesome ! '' 
 bishop countered . 
 `` if you have n't figured it out yet , things get boring around here . '' 
 `` i had n't noticed , '' i murmured , stealing a glance at caden . 
 `` stay awhile , '' fiona muttered absently , concentrating on the game . 
 `` how long have i been here now , anyway ? '' 
 i suddenly remembered that i did n't have much control over that . 
 `` not sure , but it was morning when you came and it 's dark now , '' amelie responded . 
 `` tired ? 
 hungry ? '' 
 she tapped the top of the cooler that sofie had packed for me , full of bottled drinks and food . 
 scattered untidily about the cave was everything i had ever brought for them . 
 the portable speakers were perched on one of the benches , playing music softly in the background . 
 my mattress and sleeping bag were laid out . 
 the two giant merth-stuffed mountain bags rested on the far side of it , as far away from the group as possible without being out of sight . 
 now that amelie mentioned it , i realized i was both starving and exhausted from the day 's events . 
 rooting through the cooler , i grabbed a chicken salad and sat down on the bench beside amelie . 
 `` is the merth bothering you ? '' 
 her curls bobbed as she shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't sense it at all . 
 must be the canvas liner . '' 
 suddenly she hugged me . 
 `` i so wanted to tell you , but i was sworn to secrecy ! '' 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 amelie rolled her eyes in response . 
 `` of course we knew . '' 
 `` how could you keep that a secret ? '' 
 i asked , mildly irritated . 
 `` oh , i 'm the one keeping secrets ? '' 
 she retorted dryly , and i averted sheepish eyes . 
 `` because caden was right-you were better off not knowing , '' amelie answered , showing no sign of remorse . 
 caden sat down beside me , cutting our private conversation short . 
 `` rachel should reach new shore by noon tomorrow if she runs , '' amelie said , fiddling with a digital camera . 
 she hopped to her feet . 
 `` smile ! '' 
 the flash went off as the camera captured a picture of me with my mouth full of food . 
 `` i wonder how long before she gives up and comes running back to her ` smoopy woopy , ' '' she teased . 
 caden glared at her . 
 i did n't find the reminder too amusing either . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 i 'm your baby sis . 
 i 'm supposed to be a constant thorn in your side , '' she said matter-of-factly , then snapped another picture . 
 the giant cave reverberated with another of bishop 's obnoxious explosion sound effects . 
 fiona jumped up and whipped the small plastic boat at his face . 
 `` have fun playing with yourself ! '' 
 she announced , adding in a spiteful tone , `` in every way . '' 
 `` oh , come on , fee ! 
 it 's not my fault i 'm just better than you at everything , '' he responded in mock innocence . 
 his cockiness infuriated her more . 
 fiona marched over and sat down on the bench across from me , arms crossed and brow knitted as she glowered at the fire . 
 `` those two should be banned from competing against each other , '' caden observed , smirking . 
 `` it 's the only time you 'll see fiona angry . 
 i 'm afraid she 'll claw his eyes out one day . '' 
 `` what 's the point ? 
 they 'd just grow back , '' fiona grumbled . 
 `` cheese ! '' 
 amelie called cheerfully , snapping a picture of fiona , caden , and i together . 
 likely not a flattering snapshot . 
 `` pictures usually turn out much better when your subjects are n't eating or brooding , '' i said casually . 
 `` i figured you 'd want some pictures of us to admire when you 're home , '' amelie said , then promptly stuck out her tongue at me . 
 caden laughed as he rose to go and join bishop . 
 it was my chance to pick up on the previous conversation . 
 `` then you also know that we 're apparently ` impossible ' and he wants me to pretend i do n't care when rachel is climbing all over him , '' i whispered harshly . 
 `` yup ! '' 
 amelie chirped . 
 `` do n't worry , though . 
 it will all work out . '' 
 `` well ... what am i supposed to do until then ? '' 
 i asked the two female vampires . 
 `` convince him otherwise , '' fiona responded in that sultry voice . 
 `` what do you - '' her impish smile silenced me . 
 instantly grasping her meaning , i felt myself flush . 
 `` ew ... that 's my brother you 're talking about , '' amelie moaned , feigning disgust . 
 but then she winked at me . 
 fiona leaned back on the bench , her dour mood giving way to uncharacteristic giddiness . 
 `` i 'm still having a hard time believing this is all happening . 
 where will we go ? 
 what will we do ? '' 
 panic set in . 
 what if i ca n't bring them all back ? 
 no , i would n't even consider that . 
 it was too painful . 
 i brushed my fears aside . 
 `` well , i 'm sure you can stay at viggo and mortimer 's . 
 they 're quite accommodating when they need something from you , '' i said wryly . 
 the mention of viggo reminded me of my mother-of her death . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 caden was sitting beside me in a flash , a concerned look on his face . 
 `` well , i learned a few more things while i was back ... '' i started filling them in on ursula 's attack , sofie 's confession , and max being able to talk to me . 
 i ended with how viggo murdered my mother . 
 the cave fell to silence then . 
 `` so i guess sofie will release her sister , one of you can bite her , and then everyone lives happily ever after . '' 
 i smiled sadly . 
 `` not a chance in hell ! '' 
 bishop erupted . 
 `` there 's no way we 're helping viggo after what he 's done to you , '' fiona agreed , her voice ominous . 
 i was already shaking my head . 
 `` i just want to be done with all of this . 
 with them . '' 
 `` and you will be , '' caden 's low voice was menacing . 
 i glanced at him . 
 `` i do n't want to help viggo , but - '' `` then we do n't help him ! '' 
 amelie announced firmly . 
 `` and what , be hunted ? 
 i 've already got that lunatic witch after me . 
 i do n't need two vampires hunting me too , '' i said . 
 `` i thought the same , but it wo n't change anything . '' 
 `` he ca n't hunt you if he 's dead , '' caden said with icy determination . 
 `` no ! 
 i 'm not risking it . 
 i 'm not going through all of this only to have one of you killed when we get there . '' 
 i was almost screaming now , desperate for them to understand how serious this was . 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 caden 's arm went around me . 
 `` i just want to be done with all this , '' i mumbled , feeling tears welling in my eyes . 
 `` and will they be done with you , after all this ? '' 
 fiona asked quietly . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i mean , what else could they want with me ? 
 they 've already murdered my mother and ruined my life . '' 
 `` and sofie ? 
 you do n't seem to be too angry with her anymore , '' a sad smile pulled at my lips . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i think she 's been played in this mess as much as i have . '' 
 `` i do n't know , evangeline , '' caden said softly . 
 `` sometimes i think you 're - '' `` too trusting . 
 i know . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` sofie said the same thing . '' 
 he nodded . 
 his hand slid tenderly down to the small of my back , where his thumb drew tiny circles . 
 my appetite for food instantly vanished , shifting to desire for something entirely different . 
 i gave my head a slight shake . 
 when had i turned into such a hormonal maniac ? 
 the camera flashed as amelie snapped another picture , lifting the somber cloud i had dropped over them . 
 `` do you think i could pass for a high school student ? '' 
 she asked innocently . 
 `` i had so much fun in high school . '' 
 `` that 's because you spent your days seducing the football team and making their girlfriends jealous , '' caden joked . 
 amelie smiled smugly at him . 
 `` well , i am going to do some stage theater . 
 it 's more discrete than film . 
 i 'll likely have to travel around the world so i do n't have to take fifty-year breaks . 
 and i 'll wear wigs and contacts so i 'm not recognized , '' amelie said confidently . 
 `` you can come with me , fiona , be the voice behind my lip synching . '' 
 `` gee , that sounds like loads of fun for me , '' fiona drawled with exaggerated annoyance , but she was smiling . 
 bishop walked over to sit beside his girlfriend , draping his arm affectionately around her shoulders . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere without me , and i 'm sticking to the mountains and the ocean for at least a hundred years , showing up all those humans with my mad skills , '' he announced . 
 fiona leaned over to rest her head on his shoulder , all signs of anger gone . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i asked caden timidly , hoping his answer would be `` i 'll be wherever you are . '' 
 he smiled wistfully . 
 `` something productive . '' 
 `` and what about your ... diet ? '' 
 i asked quietly . 
 your desire to murder humans . 
 he and the others shared glances . 
 `` it 's going to be hard at first , '' amelie said . 
 `` but we 'll manage . '' 
 `` right . 
 you 'll feed off animals , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' fiona said confidently . 
 i exhaled in relief . 
 `` so you 'll be fine . '' 
 caden chuckled wryly . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 my brow creased with worry , and he sighed . 
 `` imagine the smell of ground beef frying in a pan on the stove . 
 it 's edible enough , right ? 
 you can survive off it fine . 
 you may even convince yourself that you like it . '' 
 i did like it , actually , but i decided now was n't the time to divulge that . 
 `` now , imagine walking down the street on the first warm day of spring , only to catch the aroma of a big , fat , juicy steak grilling on a barbeque . '' 
 `` oh , '' i moaned , recalling the countless times i had been tortured with that exact mouth-watering situation . 
 `` now multiply that by about a million , '' caden added , not a hint of exaggeration in his voice . 
 `` how are you going to fight that ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` that 's what i 've been trying to tell you , evangeline , '' he said softly . 
 `` rachel ! '' 
 bishop hissed , flying off the bench . 
 i blinked , startled by the sudden change of topic . 
 `` how ? '' 
 fiona asked , shock in her eyes . 
 caden 's hand moved from my back a second before i caught sight of raven black hair flying into the cave . 
 rachel was back . 
 20 . 
 immobilized `` you 've found something already ? '' 
 amelie said , feigning enthusiasm . 
 she 'd make a great actress . 
 rachel ignored amelie , her shrewd eyes surveying the room , taking in everything . 
 `` you look like you 're getting settled in , '' she said slowly , her steely yellow gaze falling on me and , more importantly , my close proximity to caden . 
 i swallowed the lump forming in my throat . 
 that gaze made me want to shrivel up and die . 
 rachel 's eyes darted to the sleeping bag . 
 `` planning on napping while we run around , looking for this portal ? '' 
 `` oh , that ... sofie likes to prepare for every possibility . 
 she 's a worry wart . '' 
 i rolled my eyes dramatically , trying my hand at acting as well . 
 i was sure any average five-year-old could have outperformed me , but i had to keep her distracted . 
 i did n't want her noticing the two giant bags of merth . 
 `` did you find anything ? '' 
 she ignored the question again , instead turning a sickly sweet smile toward bishop . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 big brown did n't tell you i was on my way ? '' 
 `` no , he 's busy searching the forest . 
 like eve told us to , '' bishop responded slowly . 
 her lips twisted in an unflattering , pensive expression . 
 `` partway there , i asked myself what would happen if you found this portal in the woods . 
 would you wait for me ? '' 
 she stalked slowly toward me . 
 no one moved . 
 worried glances flitted between them . 
 she stopped in front of me , taking a relaxed stance . 
 i forced my eyes up to meet hers , my terror likely shining like bright neon lights within them . 
 suddenly she was forcing herself onto caden 's lap , straddling him as if ready to perform a private show while managing to shove me off the bench at the same time . 
 luckily amelie caught me before i hit the ground and made room beside her for me , wrapping her arm protectively around my shoulder . 
 my eyes dropped to where the camera had been lying . 
 it had vanished . 
 `` of course caden would never do such a horrible thing as leave me . 
 but the rest of you , '' she threw a hateful look at amelie and fiona , then a withering one in my direction , `` i do n't trust . '' 
 `` of course we 'd wait for you , '' caden insisted . 
 i sensed the nervousness in his voice . 
 he was having a hard time hiding his shock at her return . 
 rachel snuggled against him , her voice turning sultry . 
 `` i could n't risk it . '' 
 my stomach constricted into a painful knot at the sight . 
 `` but what about searching new shore ? 
 it 's important that we find this artifact , and soon , '' caden said calmly . 
 `` it 's taken care of . 
 i met up with two council members on my way and sent them back to search . '' 
 `` what did you tell them , rachel ? '' 
 caden asked , his voice slow and even , but i saw the flash of alarm in his eyes . 
 `` oh , nothing important . 
 they 're not smart enough to put two and two together . 
 like they 'd ever figure this out . '' 
 caden exhaled , visibly trying to control his anger . 
 `` they were on their way here ! '' 
 she added quickly , a rare hint of desperation in her voice . 
 `` you should be happy i 've deterred them . '' 
 caden reached up to brush her hair from her face . 
 `` of course , yes . 
 good thinking . '' 
 do n't touch her with those hands ! 
 i screamed in my head . 
 a relieved smile stretched across her face . 
 `` i 'll head back to new shore in a week or so to double-check . 
 they 're getting eight others to help . 
 you can come with me then , of course . 
 your scouts will have covered these mountains . '' 
 `` you should n't have done that , rachel , '' amelie growled . 
 rachel waved her hand dismissively in amelie 's direction . 
 `` we do n't care what you think . 
 do we , hon ? '' 
 she purred into caden 's ear , her arms wrapping tightly around him . 
 he smiled lovingly at her . 
 i clenched my teeth as i felt another spasm in my stomach . 
 caden was right . 
 this is worse . 
 way worse . 
 amelie 's arm squeezed my shoulders . 
 `` we 'll have to test that comfortable bed out later , '' rachel said , giggling seductively , discretion obviously not part of her dna . 
 `` should be much more comfortable than the last time ... '' she turned to appraise the bed caden and i had shared the previous night . 
 then her gaze fell on the mountain bags . 
 my stomach-already battered from watching her maul caden-dropped to my feet . 
 `` what did you fill those bags with , evangeline ? '' 
 her voice had turned sickly sweet . 
 rachel only addressed me directly when she was torturing me about my feelings for caden , or if she wanted the truth . 
 she likely assumed that i could n't lie credibly . 
 an accurate assumption , i 'd say . 
 `` bags ? '' 
 i fought panic . 
 `` yes . 
 the bags . 
 you 've emptied them of their contents , based on what i see here , and yet they 're full again . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , '' i stammered , feeling amelie 's arm squeezing me ever so slightly . 
 fiona 's eyed narrowed , indicating she had n't missed amelie 's gesture . 
 would it be that bad if she found out ? 
 yes , it would . 
 it meant the council would have fields of merth to inflict more pain . 
 it would mean i could n't bring it back for sofie . 
 and most important , it would prove we 've been keeping secrets from rachel . 
 that would be disastrous . 
 but what else could i tell her ? 
 `` flowers , '' fiona answered in her usual placid tone , saving me . 
 `` flowers ? '' 
 rachel 's face screwed up in skepticism . 
 `` and plants ! '' 
 i exclaimed before adjusting my tone to sound calm . 
 `` you may have things that we do n't have on earth , and sofie wants to study them , see if she can use them for some of her witchy spell-casting . 
 hocus-pocus stuff . 
 i do n't get it . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i knew my voice was trembling and probably unconvincing , but i could n't help but be impressed with how easily that lie had popped into my head . 
 maybe i was getting better at this . 
 `` that much ? '' 
 rachel said her eyes narrowing further in disbelief . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` she asked for any plant i did n't recognize . 
 i 'm not a botanist . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 right . '' 
 she pursed her lips , then turned her attention back to caden , tracing his collarbone with her index finger . 
 my shoulders , rigid with anxiety , began to relax . 
 my quick-thinking deception had worked . 
 `` show me , evangeline , '' she demanded in a crisp voice , not looking away from caden . 
 i froze . 
 `` you wan na see a bunch of half-dead weeds ? '' 
 bishop scoffed . 
 her left eyebrow arched severely . 
 `` show me , '' she repeated . 
 `` um , sure , '' i managed in a hoarse whisper , my eyes darting to caden . 
 he did n't dare look away from her . 
 rising slowly , i walked over to one of the bags on shaky legs . 
 i took my time , now in extreme panic mode and condemning my cleverness . 
 i started fumbling with the strings , trying to think of some way out of this impending disaster . 
 `` here , let me help you . 
 the knots are tight , '' bishop called , suddenly appearing in front of me to help unfasten one of the bags . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw rachel slide off caden 's lap and take a step toward us . 
 caden was right behind her , though , grabbing her waist playfully and kissing the side of her neck as a means of distraction . 
 it partially worked . 
 she stayed there to revel in his affections but her snake eyes never left us . 
 i was too worried about being murdered at this point to be upset by caden 's actions . 
 i watched nervously as bishop unraveled the knot . 
 i frowned as he continued fumbling with the strings , as if there was still a knot to be untied . 
 what 's he doing ? 
 `` here , put your hand on that loop and pull , '' he instructed . 
 i frowned . 
 there was no loop . 
 `` right here ! '' 
 he said impatiently , holding his hand out , palm up . 
 i mechanically reached over , and bishop grabbed my hand and guided it into the bag . 
 from where rachel stood , she was n't able to see what we were doing . 
 i understood . 
 `` merth only has to touch us for a second to make us flop like rag dolls , '' bishop had said . 
 just the briefest of moments , and rachel would be controlled ; restrained ; no longer a dangerous problem . 
 but i could n't screw up . 
 if i did , someone would likely die . 
 it could be me , or worse , it could be one of the others . 
 would it work , though ? 
 would she fall for it ? 
 we had no other choice . 
 committing myself entirely to the unspoken plan , i twined my fingers around one of the strands . 
 `` damn knot , '' bishop cursed , gripping my forearm tightly enough that it began to hurt . 
 `` you idiot ! '' 
 rachel sneered , wriggling free of caden . 
 as she strolled toward us , i noticed amelie and fiona stealthily slide in behind her , grim determination in their eyes . 
 caden moved forward as well , his jaw tight with anxiety , his head shaking , warning us . 
 warning me not to risk it . 
 it was too late , though . 
 rachel 's hand reached toward the bag . 
 bishop , still holding my forearm , whipped my hand out toward her with lightning speed . 
 somehow i managed to grab hold of her wrist , pressing the merth tightly against her skin . 
 in the next instant , four pairs of hands were securing her . 
 she let out one high-pitched shriek and then her body went limp . 
 amelie lifted her other arm up . 
 i wound the cord around both wrists and tied a knot , my hands trembling violently the entire time . 
 `` her legs too , '' caden instructed , his voice now devoid of all emotion . 
 i reached in for two more cords and went to work binding her legs at the knees and the ankles . 
 will more merth mean more pain ? 
 i wondered sympathetically . 
 will the thousand razor blade cuts turn into a million ? 
 i gave my head a shake . 
 you 're too soft , evangeline . 
 she 'd do it to you in a heartbeat . 
 when we finished , the previously deadly vampire lay immobilized on the ground , all bound up like a pig ready for a spit . 
 it was over . 
 we were safe . 
 my knees buckled . 
 i would have collapsed if caden had n't been there to catch me , scooping me into his arms and swiftly gliding away from rachel . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he whispered breathlessly as he placed me on the ground , deep concern in his eyes . 
 i nodded , unable to speak . 
 he sighed heavily , leaning forward to press his lips against my forehead , his hands squeezing my shoulders . 
 i closed my eyes , reveling under his touch . 
 i could have stayed like that for hours , but he pulled away . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 he yelled at bishop , his voice thundering in the cave . 
 `` hey , it worked , did n't it ? '' 
 bishop 's responding yell-his display of anger such a rare sight-matched caden 's . 
 caden bit his lip , thinking . 
 when he spoke again , it was at a normal level . 
 `` can she hear us ? '' 
 he asked amelie . 
 she nodded . 
 he strolled over to crouch beside rachel 's head . 
 `` it feels so good to be rid of you . 
 to not have to pretend anymore , '' he hissed into her face . 
 i saw confusion in her eyes . 
 `` every time you touched me , '' he continued , shuddering , `` i pictured evangeline 's face . 
 it was the only way i could handle it . 
 enjoy knowing that . '' 
 he straightened and was standing beside me again in an instant , wrapping his arms tenderly around me . 
 i could n't help feeling a tinge of guilt for my part in the trap . 
 that was until i glanced down at rachel to see the raw fury in her eyes as she realized she had been deceived for far longer than just today . 
 that searing gaze burned across my entire body . 
 likely imagining tearing my limbs from me and bashing my brains in with them , i realized . 
 i stepped back into caden 's embrace and squeezed my eyes shut as i buried my face against his chest , but it was a long while before the afterimage of those devil eyes faded from my mind 's eye . 
 the feel of caden 's body against mine and his wonderfully natural scent seemed to help . 
 `` what should we do , toss her into the fire ? '' 
 i heard amelie ask dispassionately . 
 `` sounds good to me , '' bishop sneered . 
 he reached down to grab her legs . 
 `` wait-she 's not going anywhere , and who knows if we 'll need her for something still , '' caden said thoughtfully , still holding me . 
 `` i do n't know , caden , '' amelie answered warily . 
 `` it 's better if we rid ourselves of this problem for good , here and now . '' 
 caden looked down at me . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 she 's the biggest threat to you . '' 
 i glanced at rachel 's motionless body . 
 `` we could wait until we 're sure . 
 we can always get rid of her later . '' 
 as the callous words left my mouth , a wave of revulsion hit me . 
 i could be like viggo . 
 a monster . 
 `` okay . 
 well , i do n't know about the rest of you , but i definitely ca n't spend another second looking at her , '' bishop muttered , grabbing her feet and unceremoniously dragging her down a tunnel like an awkward piece of garbage , out of our sight . 
 `` i ca n't believe i just did that , '' i mumbled , the rush of adrenaline fading to allow bitter nausea . 
 i almost fell onto a bench . 
 `` no , that shade of green is n't flattering , '' fiona mumbled , coming over to rub my back . 
 i turned to see caden staring at me , an unreadable expression on his face . 
 bishop strolled back in then , dusting his hands off as if they were covered in dirt . 
 `` try not to attract anymore lunatics , okay ? '' 
 he directed at caden before winking at me . 
 caden 's eyes did n't even flicker from my face as he gave bishop the finger . 
 `` so that is a universal gesture , '' i noted , earning a laugh from bishop . 
 not even a twitch from caden . 
 `` all this excitement ! 
 i need to go hunt , '' amelie exclaimed . 
 `` something feisty ... oh , i do n't know , a wild cat , maybe ? '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` you guys in ? '' 
 her question was directed at bishop and fiona , her eyebrow raised suggestively . 
 `` see you two later , '' bishop called as they vanished out the cave entrance . 
 `` one obstacle down , '' i said lightly . 
 `` see ? 
 not so hard . '' 
 except for the bound , sedated , psychotic vampire hidden somewhere in the tunnels , i reminded myself , glancing warily down the tunnel bishop had dragged rachel into . 
 caden took a seat beside me on the bench . 
 `` you could have been killed , evangeline , '' he admonished me . 
 `` well , it 's not like i had much choice , '' i retorted . 
 he exhaled noisily . 
 `` yes , you did . 
 you could have just shown it to her and let us handle it . '' 
 `` i like my solution better . '' 
 `` your solution almost got you killed ! '' 
 `` okay , i 'm sorry ! '' 
 i cried , a tear escaping . 
 `` but it did n't and now we do n't have to worry about her . 
 now we can focus on getting you home with me . '' 
 caden squeezed his eyes shut . 
 `` the sooner we leave here with you , the sooner i become a danger to you ; the sooner i likely ca n't be in the same room as you , '' he said miserably . 
 `` you and i are still impossible . '' 
 `` no . 
 we are not , '' i growled impatiently . 
 `` maybe a tad complex for the moment , but not impossible . '' 
 finally a flicker of something like amusement crossed caden 's face . 
 `` when did you become so stubborn ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` it seems like that right here , right now , but in your world ... impossible , '' he countered , sadness in his voice . 
 i gazed upon that intoxicatingly beautiful face that i was so wildly in love with and my jaw set with determination . 
 i would n't give up on us and i certainly would n't let him . 
 an irrepressible urge suddenly gripped me . 
 sliding closer , i reached over to gently cup his cheek and pull his face toward me . 
 his eyes remained closed . 
 `` well , then i guess we better not waste anymore of this valuable time , '' i murmured brazenly , reaching up with my other hand to touch his chest , the ripple of his muscles under my fingertips making me tremble . 
 i did n't think it would work , my novice attempt at seducing him . 
 i assumed he 'd push my hand aside , listing-yet again-all the reasons why we were impossible . 
 maybe he 'd even laugh at my ridiculousness . 
 but when he opened his eyes , when i saw the intensity burning within them , i knew i was far off in my assumption . 
 i heard the low , feral groan in his throat and he closed the distance between us , responding whole-heartedly . 
 i had no idea what time it was and i did n't care . 
 i only cared that i would have to leave caden at some point and i dreaded that reality . 
 we had spent all night on that blow-up mattress . 
 things had gone out of control shockingly fast and i had n't minded one bit , abandoning all my anxiety and self-consciousness the second his lips touched mine . 
 but , with clothing torn off and bodies tangled , caden must have realized where we were headed because he stealthily bound me up within the sleeping bag . 
 `` to keep us out of too much trouble '' caden had whispered . 
 `` no . 
 i want trouble , '' i 'd pleaded shyly . 
 `` i do n't , '' he responded resolutely , his jaw set . 
 `` no , no , you do n't understand , '' he quickly added when he saw my wounded expression . 
 `` no , that 's not it . 
 i 'm ... afraid . '' 
 `` what ? 
 like virgin-afraid ? 
 same here ! '' 
 my eyes widened , relief flooding me at the revelation that i was n't the only one . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` no ... '' drat . 
 my face flushed . 
 `` but later , if ... when you bring us to your planet , you 're going to see what i turn into . '' 
 something like shame flitted across his face . 
 `` i do n't want you to have regrets , '' he added in a whisper . 
 `` there 's no way i 'll regret any of - '' he stifled my argument with an intensely passionate kiss and i forgot what i wanted to say . 
 i may have forgotten how to speak altogether . 
 the sleeping bag remained a frustrating but effective barrier between us for the rest of the night . 
 i tried to wriggle out countless times but he kept me pinned tightly underneath it until i was too exhausted to fight him . 
 at some point in the wee hours of the morning , when i could see the faint arrival of early dawn outside , i dozed off . 
 it was n't something i had planned , but with my face nestled euphorically against caden 's chest , enveloped within his strong arms , his hand therapeutically drawing circles over my back , sleep was inevitable . 
 `` are n't you hungry ? 
 or thirsty ? 
 or whatever it is you call it , '' i asked , peering at caden . 
 `` i 'm okay until you leave . '' 
 he nuzzled his cool nose against my neck , causing another stirring deep within me . 
 i slid over to rest my head on his chest , my hand creeping to glide down the ripples of his stomach muscles . 
 `` they 'll be back soon . '' 
 caden 's hand clamped over mine , holding it in place . 
 i groaned in frustration but stayed my hand . 
 `` they 've been gone awhile , '' i suddenly realized . 
 `` how many animals can they possibly kill in one night ? '' 
 `` it 's the hunt as much as the kill , '' caden answered , chuckling . 
 `` as a human , amelie condemned flyswatters as cruel . 
 once , when she was seventeen , she was driving along the road when a chipmunk darted in front of her . 
 she swerved to avoid it , slamming into a giant oak . '' 
 i gasped , but he shook his head dismissively . 
 `` oh , she was fine , surprisingly . 
 only a couple bumps and bruises ... she was driving one of the big pickups that we used to transport horses . 
 the truck and the tree were goners , though . '' 
 `` was the chipmunk okay ? '' 
 i heard myself ask with grave concern . 
 caden laughed , the deep vibrations tickling my eardrum . 
 `` yes , i believe he made it . 
 amelie swore the rodent waved at her from a tree . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` i do n't doubt she did . '' 
 `` she explained it all to my parents later . 
 i thought my dad was going to wring her neck . '' 
 he chuckled again . 
 i raised my head and propped myself up on my elbows so i could see caden 's face . 
 `` do you still miss them after all these years ? '' 
 the seconds ticked by before he had an answer . 
 `` being what we are , it 's easy to lose yourself in the moment , in your immediate desires , as overpowering as they become . 
 but there 's always downtime , when that hunger is satiated and you have time to think . 
 maybe minutes , maybe hours . 
 or years . 
 and in that time , your memories-which are never-fading and vivid enough that you could relive them just by closing your eyes-can overpower you . 
 if you let them . '' 
 he rolled over to press his lips against my folded hands . 
 `` i wish i could get that last image of my father out of my head . 
 but every time i think of him , that one shows up . 
 like a parasite attached to my brain . '' 
 he began playing with my fingertips . 
 `` well , hopefully we can fill your head with lots of new memories-ones without wars and jungles and mountains . '' 
 he turned to look at me with a grim expression . 
 `` there are so many things that can go wrong with this-with us . 
 i want you to understand them all before this goes any further . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i asked warily , though inside , my heart was doing a full acrobatics show because he said `` with us . '' 
 it sounded positive , as if he was finally coming around , as if he might stop using the word `` impossible . '' 
 `` like , if we figure out how to get back to your world with you and if none of us attack you-those are already two massive obstacles-i 'll be focused with fighting the urge to feed off humans , regardless of whether it 's what i want . 
 we all will be . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' i murmured . 
 he snorted , shaking his head . 
 `` no , you do n't understand what that means . 
 we wo n't be the same , evangeline . 
 this is n't a minor inconvenience , a slight discomfort . 
 it could take years-decades , even-before you see amelie waving her pom-poms around . 
 fighting that lust , that urge-it 's all-consuming . 
 it takes all of our energy and focus . 
 you could be ninety years old before we resemble who we are today . 
 you could be dead . '' 
 that image of the wrinkled old lady in the string bikini burned in my head again . 
 i shook my head , frantically trying to drive it out . 
 caden propped himself up on one elbow . 
 `` and none of that will be an issue if one of us kills you the second we smell your blood . '' 
 his face contorted with horror . 
 `` i will throw myself into a flaming pit if that happens . '' 
 `` well , maybe ... '' i grasped for some hope as the picture caden painted turned grimmer by the second '' ... maybe sofie can do something to extend the power of this necklace ? '' 
 caden 's eyes dropped to the pendant dangling from my neck . 
 `` maybe ... otherwise , you and i ca n't be anywhere near each other . 
 it was hard enough not killing every human that crossed my path for the first fifty years after i was converted . 
 but you-the feelings i have for you make the urge that much more impossible to resist . 
 hugging you could turn deadly . '' 
 those giant bat butterflies began thumping around in my stomach again . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` you 're focusing on worst-case scenarios . 
 i 'd prefer taking a page out of amelie 's book of optimism . 
 it 's much more pleasant . '' 
 `` amelie also killed her boyfriend , whom she was madly in love with , '' he reminded me in a flat voice . 
 `` good point , '' i muttered , sighing noisily and rolling onto my back . 
 caden took that as his cue to sit up . 
 he reached for his pants , lying in a tangled heap next to everything else i had ripped off him . 
 `` i 'm more concerned about you not lasting long enough for us to find this portal . '' 
 he stood up to dress himself . 
 `` that makes two of us . '' 
 i averted my eyes , heat creeping up my neck . 
 would this be my last trip here ? 
 was hope for solving this curse 's riddle fading as i lay here , enjoying caden 's company , oblivious to how close the end was ? 
 how could sofie ask me to just sit around and wait for the portal to grace us with its presence ? 
 i could n't . 
 scrabbling for my clothes , i dressed in record time-crossing my fingers that caden was n't watching me . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 he called , an amused look on his face as i headed toward the cave entrance . 
 `` oh , right ! '' 
 i ran back and grabbed one of the mountain bag straps . 
 i yanked as hard as i could , with little result . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 i cried . 
 `` okay , okay , '' caden said calmly , grabbing both bags and slinging them over his shoulder . 
 they were so big that , as strong as he was , they were awkward to carry . 
 `` can you tell me where we 're going , at least ? '' 
 `` to find this damn portal ! '' 
 i announced , running out the cave entrance . 
 a torrential downpour greeted me , soaking my clothes in seconds . 
 `` you ca n't go out in this , evangeline , '' caden said softly , placing his hand on my shoulder and pulling me back to cover . 
 `` but i have to ! 
 we have to find this thing , and now ! '' 
 tears mingled with the rain on my cheeks as i sobbed freely . 
 `` i do n't want to go back there without you . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around me and kissed the top of my head . 
 `` we 'll figure this out . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` are we allowed to come back now ? '' 
 bishop called as he appeared out of nowhere , his hair and clothing drenched . 
 fiona and amelie were behind him , watching me with worried expressions . 
 i nodded and offered a small , reassuring smile but otherwise said nothing . 
 the five of us stood in silence , looking out over the storm . 
 caden , whose hands rested near my pendant , felt the waver of heat before i did . 
 within seconds i was on the ground , bishop fastening one mountain bag to my back while caden strapped the other to my legs . 
 `` done ! '' 
 they announced in unison as if racing to beat one another . 
 caden , kneeling beside me , gripped my face and gave me a peck on the lips . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered . 
 i regained consciousness in my king-sized bed , surrounded by canvas . 
 i was lying on my side , facing the balcony doors , and i could n't move . 
 `` max ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 a giant wet nose suddenly smeared affection across my forehead . 
 `` can you please go get sofie ? 
 try to do it without the others noticing , '' i requested quietly . 
 i had every intention of winding merth around my body the second sofie unbound me . 
 right-oh , he murmured inside my head and i heard him trot away , his sharp claws clicking against the tile in the hallway . 
 sofie 's melodious voice sang out minutes later . 
 unfortunately it was followed by one that i had hoped to avoid . 
 21 . 
 making plans `` it 's been two weeks ! '' 
 mortimer growled . 
 `` it 's not her fault , mortimer , '' sofie snapped in response . 
 mortimer did n't seem to hear her . 
 `` what have you found out ? 
 and why are you trussed up like a packhorse ? '' 
 `` do you think you could untie me before the interrogation begins ? '' 
 i asked , not even attempting to hide my irritation . 
 could i still get to the merth in time to protect myself ? 
 within seconds , i was unbound . 
 i wiggled away from the straps and sat up , only to have mortimer swoop in to loom over me . 
 i automatically shrunk back . 
 my chance was gone . 
 i glanced over in time to see sofie reaching into an opened mountain bag . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i lunged forward to grab her hand . 
 she pulled out a cord of merth . 
 mortimer gasped in horror . 
 `` why would you bring that stuff back here ? '' 
 i barely heard him , still in shock over sofie 's immunity . 
 `` it does n't work on you ? '' 
 `` stings , '' she said , cringing . 
 `` but no . 
 because i 'm a sorceress . '' 
 she dangled the cord from her fingers , examining it closely . 
 `` here , mortimer . 
 let 's see if it 's as strong as our stuff . '' 
 our stuff ? 
 `` if you come near me with that , i 'll tear your heart out , '' he growled , taking two large strides backward . 
 i heard a loud , exasperated sigh inside my head . 
 here , try it on me , max said , ambling toward sofie . 
 `` max is offering guinea pig services , '' i said , adding , `` there 's merth here ? '' 
 `` not until now , '' viggo called out , entering the room . 
 `` we spend over two hundred years ridding the world of it , and look ... you show up with two giant bagfuls ! '' 
 `` take it off him immediately afterward , though . 
 please , '' i said as sofie moved toward max . 
 i did n't want max going through any more pain than necessary . 
 `` of course , of course , '' sofie murmured . 
 `` thank goodness you 're not a coward , max , '' she added , her eyes flicking to mortimer , her tone thick with implication . 
 viggo howled with laughter at sofie 's snip as mortimer glared venomously at the red-haired vampire-witch . 
 she placed the cord on max 's back . 
 his giant black body wavered slightly , then slumped to the floor . 
 he mumbled incoherently in my head . 
 as promised , sofie immediately pulled the cord off max . 
 yes , it 's the same , max confirmed . 
 i relayed the message . 
 `` why would you bring this back , evangeline ? '' 
 viggo asked me suspiciously , stepping forward to examine the bags . 
 `` to bind you . '' 
 the catty response flew out without warning . 
 viggo grinned . 
 `` cute . '' 
 `` did you know about this ? '' 
 mortimer asked sofie , one eyebrow raised . 
 `` how would i know ? 
 i was here ! '' 
 she spat . 
 `` but i can use it . 
 smart thinking , evangeline . '' 
 viggo swept his hand across the open bag , allowing the tip of his finger to graze a strand . 
 he swayed as if suddenly lightheaded . 
 `` this wretched stuff ... '' `` leonardo , lock these bags in the vault , '' mortimer instructed . 
 `` i 'm going to take a few strands for some testing , '' sofie announced , reaching for the bag . 
 `` so you can trap me when i 'm distracted ? 
 not a chance , witch , '' mortimer snapped . 
 `` you fool ! '' 
 she snapped back , unleashing a torrent of anger . 
 `` have you given any thought , even for a second , to what will happen when one of these vampires-who have n't been exposed to human blood for seven hundred years-shows up under this roof ? 
 they could kill evangeline , they could wipe out your staff , they could break free of this building and start a new york city massacre . 
 i appreciate that you 've waited a hundred and twenty years to see veronique , but show some common sense , you idiot . '' 
 mortimer rolled his eyes . 
 `` oh , stop being so dramatic . 
 all of those possibilities are highly unlikely . '' 
 `` it 's not worth risking ! 
 you do n't know what can happen , who these vampires are . 
 these kinds of spells are known to have unforeseen outcomes , some of them disastrous . 
 i should n't have to explain that to you ... '' her voice drifted . 
 my back hit something hard . 
 i turned , saw the headboard , and realized i had been slowly inching backward , trying to get away from the approaching brawl . 
 i was now cowering , knees drawn up , within a mound of pillows . 
 `` children , children , '' viggo said softly . 
 `` let 's play nicely , now . '' 
 `` he started it , '' sofie muttered indignantly . 
 `` how do you propose you 'll use this merth to solve the possibilities you 've described , sofie ? '' 
 viggo calmly asked , taking on his usual role of mediator between those two . 
 `` is there yet another trick up your sleeve we 're unaware of ? '' 
 `` i need to link the power of it to this building , to form a barrier . 
 to keep them within these walls , '' she answered in a more conciliatory voice . 
 `` it should be a fairly easy spell . '' 
 `` them ? 
 how many do you think are coming over , anyway ? '' 
 three pairs of brilliantly colored vampire eyes turned to me . 
 `` four , '' i said from my hiding place , adding under my breath , `` i hope . '' 
 `` did n't there used to be five ? '' 
 mortimer asked , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` yes , but she 's no longer an issue , '' i answered flatly , hoping to avoid any more questions about the event in which i 'd been an accomplice . 
 it likely would n't shine a positive light on caden and the others , in viggo and mortimer 's eyes , anyway . 
 luckily , he turned his attention back to sofie . 
 `` and how do you suppose we get out for food ? 
 of course , you can get out ; it does n't hold you back ... are you trying to weaken us ? '' 
 `` do n't think i do n't know about that blood bank in the cellar . 
 that could tide you over for years , if necessary , '' she shot back at him . 
 `` and how will any of this protect the humans ? 
 they 'll still be within these walls when the vampires get here , '' mortimer asked smugly , thinking he had found a weakness in sofie 's plan . 
 `` i 'm working on a way to mask their blood , a talisman of sorts that they can wear . 
 i should have it ready shortly , '' she answered with twice the smugness . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 so she had thought of it . 
 i would be protected . 
 caden would n't have to worry about hurting me . 
 i could n't wait to tell him . 
 `` you had better not be tampering with veronique 's necklace ... '' he growled apprehensively . 
 `` why on earth would i do something so dangerous ? '' 
 i felt like i was watching a ping pong match , my head bobbing back and forth as the two of them squared off against each other , mortimer lobbying challenges and sofie successfully launching back counterarguments . 
 viggo spoke as if passing a ruling . 
 `` okay then , it 's settled . 
 it looks like sofie has it all figured out and i 'm sure she has no intention of harming either of us , mortimer . 
 after all , veronique would not be happy about that . '' 
 `` yes . 
 however , i 'm wondering where the witch 's allegiances now lie , '' mortimer grumbled with disdain . 
 viggo ignored him . 
 `` leonardo , if you would be so kind as to take both of these bags-minus whatever sofie needs-to the vault . '' 
 sofie grabbed an armful of merth , wincing from the shock it produced , and threw a daring smirk at mortimer , taunting him to come near her . 
 mortimer snarled in response but did n't make a move . 
 leo grabbed hold of the straps and began dragging the bags out of the room . 
 i wanted to chase after him , help him in some way . 
 but i had a feeling i would n't be allowed out without further interrogation . 
 i was right . 
 `` now that that 's settled , have you been to the city to look for this portal ? '' 
 viggo calmly asked me . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` so where did you search during that time ? '' 
 mortimer pressed , taking a few steps toward me . 
 max released a low , threatening rumble and all four dogs shifted to form a protective circle around the bed . 
 `` oh , shut up ! '' 
 mortimer snapped but he heeded their warning , sidling back . 
 `` patience , mortimer , '' viggo chastised , patting his shoulder gently . 
 he turned back to look at me , those piercing blue eyes dissecting me . 
 what could i say ? 
 no , i did n't go out . 
 sofie told me not to . 
 but you do n't know that , do you ? 
 yes , she 's deceiving you ... instead , i bound a vampire with that stuff you hate , mortimer , and then i rolled around in the sack for hours . 
 viggo cleared his throat , a sign that i was learning meant he was deeply irritated . 
 if he could read my mood , i wondered what he was getting right now ? 
 there was n't much i could tell them . 
 bishop did send the animals out in a half-ass attempt to search the vast jungle and rachel did recruit some council members ... an idea struck me . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` there are ten vampires searching the capital city and a small army of adept scouts searching the mountainside . 
 by the time i get back , they will have reported back on whether anything of interest has been found . 
 i figured that was a much safer , faster way to the truth , '' i said , taking full credit for the wild goose chase rachel had sent those council vampires on . 
 `` i think we 're getting close , '' i added for embellishment . 
 the room was eerily quiet , so much so that i began to think i 'd been too confident in my cleverness . 
 `` that 's great news , evangeline ! '' 
 sofie exclaimed , genuinely happy . 
 `` and it keeps you out of harm 's way . '' 
 `` yes ... that is rather intelligent , '' mortimer mumbled , adding , `` thank you . '' 
 i stared wide-eyed at him . 
 those words were the last ones i expected to come from him , the grump . 
 and they sounded genuine . 
 mortimer looked at me thoughtfully . 
 `` we will owe you , wo n't we ? 
 though i 'm not sure how we could ever repay you . '' 
 by leaving me and my friends alone ? 
 by never asking me to do anything again ? 
 by letting us live our lives in peace while you sit quietly in your palace ? 
 or ... `` money , '' i blurted , another idea popping into my head . 
 caden was right ; i was brimming with ideas . 
 an extremely rare expression of surprise flashed across the vampire 's face . 
 he had n't expected an answer to his rhetorical question , but he was obviously intrigued . 
 `` do tell ? '' 
 `` this should be interesting , '' viggo mused , a smug grin on his face . 
 `` well , it 's caden , fiona , bishop , and amelie , '' i began , stammering , suddenly uncomfortable . 
 `` they 'll have nothing-no home , no money , no clothes . '' 
 `` well , of course they can stay here until they 've settled in , '' viggo offered smoothly . 
 settled in . 
 so that 's what viggo calls sucking the life out of people and robbing them of their possessions . 
 `` well , that 's just it , '' i said aloud . 
 `` they 're not planning on adapting the usual way . 
 they wo n't be killing humans . '' 
 viggo and mortimer bellowed out laughter . 
 `` they said that , did they ? '' 
 mortimer murmured , a knowing smirk on his face . 
 `` and you believed them , of course . '' 
 i bristled . 
 `` yes , they did . 
 and yes , i do . '' 
 `` okay , go on , evangeline . '' 
 viggo waved his hand , still chuckling softly . 
 `` anyway ... considering they 're doing you a favor ... i was hoping you could-i do n't know , set up a trust fund for them or something . 
 so they 'll have some money to help them start out . '' 
 so we do n't have to live with you two goblins . 
 the roar of laughter that erupted from mortimer shook the glass in the balcony doors . 
 `` so they 're okay with blood money as long as they do n't do the actual killing . '' 
 i shrugged , realizing my logic was flawed . 
 a curious expression stretched across mortimer 's face , then he smiled strangely . 
 `` okay . 
 how much do you think they will need ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... maybe ... '' i began fidgeting . 
 i had never asked for money before . 
 it felt awkward . 
 but it was n't for me . 
 how much would they need , anyway ? 
 i guess enough for a condo somewhere , and a car , and some clothes . 
 i did some quick mental calculations . 
 five hundred thousand . 
 that should be enough to start out . 
 it would be a small condo , cozy for the five of us , but ... i could n't believe i was about to ask someone for five hundred thousand dollars ! 
 viggo spoke up before i had a chance . 
 `` does ten million sound about right ? '' 
 he offered , his face displaying nothing but complete seriousness . 
 i began choking violently , sure that i had swallowed my tongue as i sucked in a mouthful of air . 
 `` twenty . 
 for each of them , '' sofie piped up . 
 she had remained quiet up until now . 
 `` so that 's four of them and evangeline . 
 one hundred million , in an account that i will set up . 
 only evangeline will have access to it . 
 it needs to be done by this afternoon . '' 
 a small strangled sound escaped my mouth . 
 viggo raised an eyebrow at sofie , but said nothing . 
 `` that 's an awful lot of money . 
 i 'm not sure we can gather that much today . '' 
 mortimer looked as if he were about to explode . 
 `` oh , please , '' sofie scoffed , rolling her eyes as she called his bluff . 
 `` that 's nothing more than a library fine for billionaires like you , but it will give evangeline and her friends a healthy start . '' 
 a hundred million . 
 a hundred million dollars and twenty of that would be mine . 
 i grasped the back of the headboard to steady myself before i keeled right off the side of the bed . 
 `` is this necessary ? '' 
 i heard viggo ask sofie through gritted teeth . 
 `` they need to be taken care of or they wo n't help us when they get here , '' sofie said with the conviction of a priest asked if he believed in god . 
 `` this is extortion , '' mortimer growled . 
 viggo turned his gaze toward me . 
 `` is this true , evangeline ? 
 they wo n't help us unless they have a hundred million dollars in an account ? '' 
 there was that obscene number again . 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat , remembering that icy cold warning he had delivered previously . 
 do n't ever deceive me . 
 `` yes . 
 they said they would n't help you . '' 
 that part was true , but it had nothing to do with the money . 
 hopefully my fear would mask any telltale emotions i may be emitting . 
 the screech of bending metal shot through the room as mortimer 's white-knuckled grip distorted the bedpost . 
 `` how stupid are you ? 
 they 're lying to you ! 
 whatever they 've told you , whatever they 've done , it 's all lies , you stupid little girl ! '' 
 `` no , they 're not ... '' i stammered , his words dislodging a deeply buried fear that had been brewing but hidden inside me . 
 i jumped off the bed and ran out of the room , max on my heels . 
 it was my first time in the atrium since finding out that the grand marble statue encased an even grander secret . 
 i stood there now , gawking at it , envisioning the dark-haired sleeping beauty entombed within . 
 the atrium 's tranquil , inviting atmosphere had altered for me with this knowledge , replaced by a disquieting eeriness , as if unseen eyes were peering out at me . 
 `` i hear her voice sometimes in the dead of night , whispering to me . '' 
 i turned to see mortimer standing beside me , his attention fixated on the marble face . 
 i had n't heard him approach . 
 a glimmer of what could be adoration revealed itself in his eyes before they glazed over with their typical ice . 
 i was n't sure how to respond to mortimer 's admission so i kept quiet , turning my attention back to the statue . 
 max stood quietly on my other side , unconcerned by his previous master 's presence . 
 that told me mortimer was n't likely there to harm me . 
 not physically , anyway . 
 `` viggo had this atrium built as a replica of a villa he and veronique visited . 
 it was one of her favorite places . 
 she adored the flowers and the balconies . 
 so he decided it should be the first thing she sees when she 's released . '' 
 `` makes sense , '' i murmured . 
 mortimer was acting uncharacteristically nice . 
 `` it 's not fair , what has happened to you , what we 've asked of you . 
 i realize that , '' he continued , still not looking at me . 
 is he trying to apologize ? 
 `` but sometimes , when someone means everything to you-when the only reason you 're alive is to see their face again-you 'll accept all consequences that go along with that chance . 
 even if it means someone else will suffer . '' 
 not a good apology , i concluded bitterly . 
 `` well , as long as you 're comfortable with me being cursed . '' 
 mortimer smirked . 
 `` maybe you 'll understand one day . '' 
 i decided what i wanted to say . 
 `` how can you be so selfish ? 
 how can you look someone in the eye , knowing what you 're doing to them ? '' 
 he turned to gaze at me with that blank , emotionless stare of his . 
 `` you do n't . 
 you do n't let yourself see them . 
 you do n't let yourself feel anything for them . 
 you look right through them . 
 understand ? '' 
 he turned away again , his face stone . 
 is that what he 's doing now ? 
 looking through me ? 
 it suddenly dawned on me that mortimer may have a thick , impenetrable mask of his own , that he was hiding behind an illusion as viggo had before . 
 only for mortimer , it was a mask of necessary disconnect . 
 there was a different mortimer underneath it . 
 who he was-that was a mystery . 
 but it was likely the man veronique had fallen madly in love with . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't understand , '' i replied . 
 `` but maybe it 's because i 'm human . 
 we ca n't be so single-minded and callous . '' 
 mortimer barked laughter . 
 `` you 'd be surprised how single-minded and callous a human can be . 
 nine hundred years is an awfully long time to witness human nature , evangeline . 
 i 've seen some things that would haunt your dreams every night for decades . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it 's also a long time to witness what vampires are capable of-the deceit , the treachery , the games . 
 remember when you believed we were drugging you and dropping you in central park to amuse ourselves ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , smiling wistfully . 
 it felt like years ago . 
 how much easier life might be if that had been true . 
 `` if there was need to do that , we would have . 
 just as , if there was a need to pretend to love someone , any vampire would . '' 
 there he was , implying what i dreaded : that everything was staged . 
 that the caresses , the kisses , the whispers of `` i love you '' were all an act to acquire my complete trust . 
 `` your money will be in an account by the end of today . '' 
 with that , he was off , leaving me in a quiet atrium , wallowing in misery . 
 he could n't be right . 
 but if he was ... that was my breaking point . 
 i 'd welcome death with open arms . 
 22 . 
 the beards i was still standing in front of the statue , considering the awful possibility that caden was playing me like the stupid , gullible human girl that i was , when the garage door slowly creaked open and a jet black bentley pulled in . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 i asked max . 
 the foreros , he answered , rolling his rs dramatically to emphasize their spanish ethnicity . 
 i frowned , trying in vain to recall mention of them . 
 `` and who are they ? '' 
 i asked as a middle-aged man and woman stepped out of the car , followed by a younger male and female version of them . 
 they looked about my age . 
 all four had exotic , dark features-black hair and olive complexions . 
 my eyes widened . '' 
 they 're human ! '' 
 yes . 
 though some would call them `` dinner . '' 
 `` so now you 're a comic , '' i muttered , scowling . 
 i heard that strange snorting that was max 's laughter . 
 the older man nodded once at leo , then continued into the building as if he owned it , an air of confidence swirling around him . 
 the others followed closely behind him , the young male and female peering around the atrium in awe , as if it was their first time here . 
 the girl suddenly stumbled . 
 i shuddered as i watched her fall facedown to the cobblestones in the exact place where ursula had met her demise , like it was some sort of reenactment . 
 `` klutz , '' the guy-presumably her brother-muttered , though he stopped to wait for her . 
 when she did n't get up , he quickly crouched and placed his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` valentina ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 `` valentina ? '' 
 i was already running toward them . 
 by the time i reached her , the girl was conscious and sitting up on her knees , her big , brown , doe-like eyes darting around , curiously surveying the space as if disoriented . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes ... i think so . 
 i just got lightheaded for a moment . 
 must have been the flight . '' 
 she had a high-pitched , childlike voice . 
 glancing up at me , she smiled shyly . 
 with her brother 's help , she got to her feet , brushing off her pant legs . 
 `` learn how to walk , '' the guy grumbled , stalking off . 
 she flushed . 
 turning to me , she said , `` i 'm valentina . '' 
 she offered me a flimsy hand . 
 i took it . 
 `` evangeline . 
 and do n't worry . 
 that was nothing . 
 i 'm the queen of pass-out lately . 
 it 's pretty embarrassing , actually . '' 
 she giggled sweetly . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` valentina ! '' 
 a woman 's thick spanish voice called from inside . 
 `` coming , mama ! '' 
 she nodded once at me , then tore down the path and sprinted up the stairs , disappearing within seconds . 
 i walked back toward where max stood watching two servants empty the trunk of several suitcases . 
 `` do they live here ? '' 
 i whispered to max . 
 on and off . 
 `` seriously ? 
 who are they ? '' 
 carlos , camila , julian , and valentina forero . 
 viggo and mortimer 's ` beard ' family , max replied . 
 i could tell he found the entire matter amusing . 
 `` what do you mean , ` beard ' - like a disguise ? '' 
 yes ; sometimes they find it useful to employ legitimate families , to hide assets and such . 
 my face screwed up in shock . 
 `` do these people know who they 're living with ? 
 who they 're covering for ? '' 
 sometimes they compel the families , but it 's less work when they can find one that only needs promises of an easy , lavish lifestyle in order to comply . 
 `` so this family does n't know ? '' 
 there was no way that sweet girl was frolicking into a house of vampires by choice . 
 oh , they know . 
 i did a double-take , my eyes growing wide with shock , earning another deep grunt from max . 
 and my stellar intuition strikes out again , i thought bitterly . 
 `` they must be charming , '' i muttered sarcastically . 
 a real bunch of philanthropists . 
 but , whatever . 
 they were n't my problem . 
 i had enough problems . 
 i found a relatively hidden spot in the garden beside a giant broad-leafed plant . 
 not that i can hide from vampires and sorceresses , i mused . 
 but , still ... i sat down on the low concrete retaining wall to replay those three amazing words caden had whispered to me before i disappeared . 
 had i heard them right ? 
 and were they real ? 
 everything was happening so quickly . 
 just days ago i was desperate to be in the same room as caden and now he was telling me that he loved me . 
 and i could lose him forever if i did n't solve this curse . 
 that awful feeling of dread flared up again . 
 i wrapped my arms around my body , hugging myself tightly . 
 my elbow rubbed against something bulky in my pocket . 
 i reached in and pulled out the digital camera . 
 amelie must have snuck it in ! 
 butterflies stirred in my stomach . 
 i hit the power button and began flipping through the files . 
 there were hundreds . 
 amelie had filled the super-sized memory card . 
 their beautiful faces were there , smiling and excited over the prospect of being rescued from their hell . 
 i scrolled to an image of caden and my heart started racing . 
 he was as gorgeous as ever . 
 i ran my finger over his image . 
 `` is that caden ? '' 
 sofie 's voice murmured in my ear . 
 i let out a small squeal and the camera fumbled from my hands . 
 luckily sofie , with catlike reflexes , caught it in mid-air before it could smash against the cobblestones . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she took a seat next to me . 
 `` here . 
 delivery from martha . '' 
 she produced a heaping plate of waffles under an even bigger mountain of whip cream , along with a bowl of fresh raspberries . 
 `` is n't there a fairytale about a witch who fattens up children in order to eat them ? '' 
 i mused dryly . 
 `` these raspberries are especially juicy . 
 eat up , gretel ... i mean , evangeline , '' she said , followed by an exaggerated cackle . 
 despite my foul mood , i smirked . 
 while i ate my waffles-a bizarre meal to have in the late evening-sofie flipped through the pictures , snorting and laughing frequently . 
 a large part of me wanted to wrench the camera away to protect my friends ' identities , but i restrained myself . 
 i was starving . 
 `` they seem like a fun group . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 sofie held the camera out to show me someone tethered and tucked into a corner . 
 the image was dark but i could see the glow of hatred in the yellow eyes as if they were still watching me . 
 i gasped and started choking on a piece of waffle . 
 when i had cleared my throat , i managed to croak , `` rachel . '' 
 amelie must have snuck back and taken a picture at some point . 
 `` erase it . 
 please . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 sofie studied it for a moment longer . 
 `` deleting . '' 
 she pressed a few buttons and the horrible image was gone . 
 i let go of the breath i had been holding but that dreadful feeling in the pit of my stomach was still there . 
 i was still afraid . 
 we should have burned her . 
 there was a moment of awkward silence . 
 `` i 'm sure she deserved it , '' sofie finally said . 
 `` she did ! 
 we could n't have her coming here . 
 she 's a murderer . '' 
 and she was hampering my time with caden , i added silently . 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 we do n't want an ancient blood-crazy vampire here , '' she said , adding under her breath , `` we already have two of them under this roof . '' 
 a few more minutes of silence passed and then i asked what i had been dreading . 
 `` they can do it , ca n't they ? 
 not live off humans ? '' 
 sofie 's hands dropped to her lap . 
 it was a moment before she spoke . 
 `` some of our kind fight the urge right from the beginning , isolating themselves from humans and feeding only off four-legged animals . 
 they convince themselves that this makes them good and moral , not monsters . 
 but all it does is make them that much more uncontrollable once they 've tasted human blood . 
 somewhere along the way , every vampire will lose the battle . 
 it 's inevitable . 
 and when they do ... evangeline , you 've only ever seen highly controlled vampires . 
 viggo ... mortimer ... me . 
 we 're experienced . 
 but the new ones ... they 're ... something else . 
 it 's a horrifying sight that will etch itself in your memory forever , '' she warned quietly , her jaw tensing . 
 `` it may seem contradictory but the best way to control your urge for human blood is to , at first , succumb to it . 
 then , if the resolve is strong enough , you 'll learn to manage the craving . 
 the downside is that the euphoria from feeding off fresh human blood has a funny way of diminishing that resolve . 
 like i said , it 's a vicious circle . 
 that 's why there are few vampires like me out there . 
 human blood is addictive . '' 
 my eyes widened with concern . 
 did they realize all this ? 
 `` well , what about my vampires ? '' 
 i asked possessively . 
 sofie shook her head slowly . 
 `` i do n't know , evangeline . 
 it 's hard to say . 
 i think their age and previous experience will help , but , '' she hesitated , `` it would be safer if they submit to it at first . 
 if their resolve is strong enough , maybe they 'll gain control quickly . '' 
 `` and if it 's not strong enough ? '' 
 i asked , afraid of the answer . 
 sofie smiled sadly . 
 very slowly , very hesitantly , her hand slid over to pat mine . 
 it stayed like that , resting on top of mine , almost holding but not quite . 
 i did n't pull away , finding the gesture oddly comforting . 
 `` so they should kill humans again , whether they want to or not , because it 'll be safer for everyone in the long run , '' i said flatly . 
 i breathed in deeply and exhaled , waiting for myself to truly comprehend this , to feel the revulsion and heartache . 
 it did n't come . 
 something else was there . 
 it felt like ... acceptance ? 
 was that it ? 
 was i so quick to accept the idea of feeding off humans because i cared about these vampires , because i was in love with one of them ? 
 i heard footsteps and looked over to see viggo strolling down the path , arm-in-arm with valentina . 
 sofie 's hand instantly slid away from mine . 
 `` lovely evening , is n't it , ladies ? '' 
 he called with his typical false charm . 
 `` i 'm just showing dear valentina here the grounds . '' 
 valentina giggled in response , unable to peel her eyes off of viggo 's face long enough to acknowledge our presence . 
 i could n't blame the silly girl for being completely enamored with him . 
 i had been that stupid fawn and bought the academy award-winning act not long ago . 
 `` see you later ! 
 well , maybe ... '' viggo winked knowingly at sofie before leading valentina away . 
 sofie muttered something under her breath before saying , `` that is valentina forero . 
 she 's - '' `` part of viggo and mortimer 's beard family . 
 i know , '' i finished . 
 my knowledge caught sofie by surprise . 
 `` how do you-oh yes , of course , '' she muttered , glancing at max . 
 `` you have a tour guide . '' 
 max snorted . 
 hola ! 
 `` yes , it 's nice not to be left in the dark sometimes , '' i said sardonically . 
 `` i did n't think it was worth mentioning , '' sofie retorted . 
 `` but if you 're eager to know , viggo and mortimer imported carlos and camila from columbia about twenty-five years ago . 
 they come from old money-lots of it-so it was n't too difficult to convince people they could afford a square block in manhattan . 
 mortimer has been using them as a cover , but they 've outlived their purpose . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` so what happens with them now ? '' 
 her eyes flashed toward me , the look revealing . 
 `` dinner ... or perhaps breakfast . 
 or several snacks . 
 whenever the mood strikes them next , i would suspect . 
 oh , do n't feel too sorry for them , '' sofie added when she saw the horror on my face . 
 `` dear mr. forero comes from a long line of columbian drug lords-what a stereotype , right ? '' 
 she chuckled wryly . 
 `` he would n't think twice about having you disposed of because you glanced at him disrespectfully . '' 
 i pictured the arrogant man who had strolled past me earlier . 
 okay , but ... `` well , what about his wife and his children ? '' 
 `` they 're not much better . 
 camila has a stake in a diamond mining operation-a family inheritance-that employs children as young as eight . 
 viggo said the working conditions are atrocious , at best . '' 
 `` maybe she does n't know ? '' 
 i offered . 
 `` oh , evangeline ... '' sofie chuckled . 
 `` she visits the mines regularly . '' 
 `` well , his kids ca n't be that bad . 
 they 're still young enough , right ? '' 
 `` julian is twenty-one and valentina is your age , '' she confirmed . 
 `` i suppose i would n't call them evil yet . 
 julian has n't done anything too horrendous . 
 they may have had a chance if they 'd been separated from their parents , but look at their role models ! 
 as close-minded as it may sound , they 're doomed to go down the same path as their parents . 
 it 's too bad , though . 
 julian is handsome . '' 
 i had to agree , recalling the young man 's latin good looks , his thick , dark hair and ebony eyes . 
 he was ordinary next to caden , but still definitely handsome by human standards . 
 `` well . 
 ca n't they kill the parents and set the kids free ? 
 give them that chance ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 sofie turned to stare at me in surprise . 
 `` they could-but they wo n't . '' 
 `` well , ca n't you say something ? '' 
 a noncommittal shrug , then a contemplative expression flitted across sofie 's face . 
 i glanced at my watch . 
 getting close ... excitement stirred in my stomach ; i 'd see caden again soon ! 
 but that was followed by the sickly dread that my time with him-with all of them-could be drawing to an end . 
 `` evangeline , '' sofie said , suddenly serious , `` what if you ca n't have everything you want , all at once ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she hesitated , her eyes darting to the balcony windows . 
 when she spoke again , her voice was barely audible . 
 `` what if getting caden and your friends here means you could n't see them for awhile because it 's not safe ... for a long while . 
 would it still be worth it ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 yes . 
 absolutely . 
 without a doubt , '' i answered with grim resolution , though the idea of being away from caden for any length of time tore at my insides . 
 but at least they 'd be on the same planet and this curse would be over . 
 `` you should think about that for a moment before you answer , evangeline , '' sofie warned . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm certain . 
 things ca n't be much worse than they are right now . 
 he 's living in another universe . 
 if i can get him here , everything will work out . 
 but you 're working on that talisman , right ? '' 
 sofie nodded . 
 she remained quiet for a moment , her eyes focused on the cobblestone path . 
 `` i 'm going to tell you something but you absolutely must promise me , first , that you 'll do as i ask , okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure , i guess . '' 
 `` promise . 
 pinky swear . '' 
 she held out her slender pinky finger . 
 i hesitated . 
 the pinky swear was ironclad and uncompromising , an unbreakable pledge . 
 it had been a tradition between my mother and me-one i would n't tarnish frivolously . 
 but my gut-as blind as it was-told me this was n't such a case . 
 `` swear , '' i agreed , hooking my finger around hers , a wave of warm and fuzzy running through me . 
 sofie nodded , then said , `` when you get to ratheus tonight , take a closer look at the statue . 
 at the woman 's hand . 
 i have a feeling ... well , anyway , take a look . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said , frowning . 
 `` that 's what i had to pinky swear to ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you have to promise you wo n't do anything yet . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 did she think that was the portal ? 
 `` but - '' `` no , '' she quickly interrupted . 
 `` i 'm not ready to release veronique yet . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 i thought that spell was already cast and you just had to complete it . '' 
 `` in theory , yes . 
 however , there is one ... complication that i 'm still figuring out . 
 hocus-pocus stuff , '' she said , waving her hand dismissively . 
 my frown deepened . 
 `` but what if i run out of time and i ca n't come back or i die , like you said ? '' 
 `` you 've got some more time , '' she answered , winking . 
 `` but what if - '' `` no ! 
 you promised , '' sofie reminded me sternly . 
 i nodded , grimacing . 
 i looked around for viggo and mortimer again before whispering , `` sofie , they think i 'm coming back with vampires next time . 
 what happens when i do n't ? '' 
 `` you let me worry about that . '' 
 she patted my knee gently . 
 that night , i was n't traveling to ratheus with a giant bag of supplies strapped to my body . 
 i was n't traveling there with fear of rachel . 
 i was traveling there for caden , to see his smiling face , to cling to him tightly , and to tell him that i loved him . 
 complete darkness met me . 
 i waited quietly . 
 someone always came to meet me within seconds . 
 not this time , though . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 i called out . 
 silence . 
 `` caden ? 
 amelie ? '' 
 i called again , louder , my voice unsteady . 
 maybe they 're all out hunting . 
 i took a few cautious steps forward , my hands groping the obscurity in search of a cave wall . 
 my fingertips grazed something solid . 
 it was n't stone . 
 i poked and prodded it . 
 it had some give . 
 like hard , muscular flesh . 
 my hand recoiled . 
 `` guys ? 
 this is n't funny . 
 come on , please light a torch , '' i called , my voice shaky . 
 `` or bring me my flashlight . '' 
 soft laughter . 
 someone was trying hard and failing to contain glee . 
 more snickers and titters joined the first . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 i whispered , my eyes darting about the dark in vain . 
 i heard flint striking rock and a flame erupting behind me . 
 a wave of relief washed over me . 
 i turned . 
 rachel stood five feet away from me , merth free , her sadistic , lemon-yellow eyes dancing with excitement . 
 23 . 
 the council i stared in horror as rachel 's lips pulled back in a heinous smile , revealing perfectly symmetrical white fangs . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you , '' she purred , casually taking a step forward . 
 every muscle in my body went cold and rigid as terror gripped me . 
 my mouth dropped open to scream but only a pathetic , strangled gasp escaped . 
 cackling viciously , rachel took another step to stop within arm 's reach . 
 with wide eyes , i watched as her arm extended slowly and she gripped my chin in her hand , her thumb and forefinger clenching either side of my jaw . 
 with no visible sign of exertion , she lifted me up off the ground . 
 her hold tightened , eventually bringing tears to my eyes . 
 still she squeezed , ready to crumble my bones to dust . 
 `` alright , that 's enough , '' a male voice softly chided . 
 after a long pause and a low growl of displeasure , rachel released her grip . 
 i dropped to the vine-covered ground . 
 an army of torches lit the area around us then , the warm glow revealing a hollow , decaying room at least three stories high . 
 there were gaping holes where windows and a ceiling likely once existed ; the stone walls had crumbling heaps of stone at their bases . 
 thick roots heaved the concrete floor , and assorted vines and weeds had found homes within the fissures . 
 at one end sat a large , rectangular stone on a raised dais . 
 an altar , perhaps . 
 i barely noticed any of this , though , my attention riveted on the group of alluring onlookers surrounding me . 
 vampires . 
 somehow feeling returned to my legs and my feet started sliding backward , trying in vain to get away from rachel 's poisonous gaze , even though i knew it was pointless . 
 i backed into something . 
 or someone . 
 holding my breath , i slowly turned . 
 piercing white irises gazed back at me . 
 this time when my mouth opened , an earsplitting shriek escaped . 
 `` calm down , '' the vampire mutant requested , cringing . 
 it was too late for that , though . 
 i was shaking uncontrollably . 
 my eyes darted to his long , skeletal fingers as they reached for my shoulder . 
 i flinched under the bone-chilling temperature of his skin , so unlike caden 's warmth . 
 he retracted it , instead raising both hands up in front of him , palms out , in a gesture of peace . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you . 
 look ! 
 over there-your friends are right over there . '' 
 it took some effort to peel my focus away from his gaunt face , but i willed my eyes to follow his spindly finger . 
 slumped on the floor next to my statue , bound with merth , was caden . 
 amelie , fiona , and bishop were on either side of him , all in the same hopeless predicament . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i cried , locking eyes with caden , watching his eyes shift from inconsolable grief as they fell on me to the worst rage conceivable as his gaze flicked to rachel . 
 i did breathe a sigh of relief to know they were still alive . 
 for now . 
 a diminutive female vampire with asian features stepped forward . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , evangeline , '' she said in a soothing , motherly voice . 
 she did n't look much older than me , though i knew better . 
 with her long , poker-straight ebony hair , black almond eyes , snow-white skin , and blood-red lips-the contrast as striking as it was sinister-she looked like a geisha . 
 but i knew none of it was makeup . 
 she smiled warmly as i regarded her-a seemingly genuine smile , unlike one of rachel 's toothy sneers . 
 `` hello . '' 
 my voice was unsteady and i was shaking violently , but i could n't seem to stop myself . 
 `` i imagine seeing rachel was a bit of a shock to you , having disposed of her so effectively the last time you were here . '' 
 my eyes darted over to rachel to see her seething , intent on freezing the blood coursing through my veins . 
 i think she may succeed . 
 `` you should have killed her then . 
 she 's quite angry . '' 
 the vampiress chuckled . 
 i hazarded another glance at rachel in time to see her top lip curl back in a truly atrocious smile . 
 that mouth touched caden once . 
 i wanted to gag . 
 she was n't beautiful . 
 she was a venomous snake . 
 `` no harm will come to you under our protection , though , '' the vampiress assured me , her voice as smooth as fresh-churned butter . 
 `` my name is mage . 
 this , '' she rested her hand on the white-eyed vampire 's forearm , `` is jonah . '' 
 i glanced at him but quickly averted my gaze , my skin crawling with repulsion . 
 `` not to worry . 
 we understand it will take some time to become accustomed to his face . 
 it can be frightening . 
 especially after your previous experience with that lunatic , jethro . '' 
 mage glided closer to me . 
 `` you should have come to us sooner , evangeline . 
 this - '' she gestured around the giant , roofless room '' - is the council . '' 
 my eyes trailed her hand , taking in the group . 
 there were sixteen vampires in total counting rachel , mage , and jonah ; eight females and eight males of various races , including two more of the white-eyed mutants . 
 and they had helped themselves to the clothing i brought over for caden and the others . 
 i squirmed as sixteen pairs of brilliantly colored eyes studied me , the first human to stand before them for so many centuries . 
 are they wondering what my blood tastes like ? 
 are they picturing how to best torture me to get the answer out of me that even i do n't know ? 
 `` you 're probably wondering what happened while you were away , correct ? '' 
 mage raised a pencil-thin eyebrow . 
 her mannerisms reminded me of a grade school teacher i once had-benevolence but with a hint of severity . 
 it had been impossible to judge that teacher 's mood accurately . 
 mage did n't wait for my response before speaking again . 
 `` you see , we caught wind of this intriguing treasure hunt rachel had sent some of our council members on . 
 it sounded ... interesting , but a tad bit suspicious . 
 we 've been hearing whispers of strange things happening in the mountains-disappearances , fires , werebeasts . 
 as the governing body , we became ... concerned . 
 so we decided to get the truth right from the horse 's mouth , so to speak . '' 
 mage chuckled as if she had made a joke . 
 `` we knew rachel was up in jethro 's mountain , '' her firm gaze slid over to caden , and she smiled sarcastically , `` with her ` soul mate . ' '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` after some initial confusion , and a rather abrasive bear that i needed to deal with , we sorted everything out . '' 
 `` big brown ? '' 
 i whispered , my eyes bulging . 
 `` yes , what a waste . '' 
 disappointment flashed across her delicate features . 
 `` he was quite the fighter . 
 took three of my council members out . '' 
 my council members . 
 so mage is the leader . 
 that meant she had to be powerful . 
 `` luckily i got there to deal with him before any more perished , '' she added casually . 
 my eyes widened , understanding her meaning . 
 very powerful . 
 `` anyhow , your friends seem to have this gross misconception of us and our values . 
 just a misunderstanding , really . 
 right , everyone ? '' 
 she asked , smiling sweetly , her eyes zeroing in on caden . 
 she could n't possibly expect an answer from them , of course . 
 they were bound and being tortured . 
 `` why are they bound , then ? '' 
 i asked meekly . 
 `` oh , that ! 
 well , we did n't want them doing anything rash when you arrived , before you had a chance to meet us and see that we are friends . '' 
 she paused for effect . 
 `` would you like them untied ? '' 
 my head moved mechanically up and down . 
 mage nodded once toward jonah . 
 he strolled over to them and , hooking his finger under their bindings , effortlessly pulled them off . 
 that 's right . 
 the mutants are immune to merth . 
 all four were on their feet immediately . 
 i took a step forward but faltered , glancing first at rachel , who looked ready to pounce , then at mage . 
 `` go ahead ! '' 
 mage prompted , ushering me with both hands . 
 i did n't waste another second in hesitation . 
 i bolted forward to throw myself at caden 's chest . 
 he immediately wrapped his arms around me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he whispered , planting a tender kiss on my forehead . 
 i heard a loud hiss and shouts and then the world spun as caden whipped my body around , burying my face in his chest to shield me from whatever was happening behind us . 
 he held me like that until the commotion died down . 
 when his arms loosened their grip , i resurfaced to find amelie , bishop , and rachel forming a protective ring around me . 
 i peeked over caden 's shoulder . 
 rachel had been forced to her knees , four council members restraining her . 
 she glared at us like a feral animal , her pupils so prominent that her eyes looked completely black . 
 `` now , rachel , we discussed this . 
 if you ca n't behave , we will have to assist you , '' jonah calmly warned , dangling a cord of merth dangerously close to her nose . 
 `` of course , jonah , '' she said through gritted teeth . 
 it took a few seconds but she managed to compose herself , even producing a semi-genuine smile . 
 the bodyguards released her with doubtful expressions on their faces . 
 `` go on now , caden . 
 please tell evangeline the truth , as we discussed . 
 she needs to know that she 's safe , '' mage instructed in an even voice . 
 i looked up at caden 's face to see him staring defiantly at the vampiress , his jaw taut . 
 they remained like that , the silence growing more awkward as the seconds dragged on , until amelie 's raspy voice spoke up . 
 `` we 're all fine , evangeline . '' 
 `` and of course they would n't hurt you . 
 you 're much too valuable , '' fiona added excitedly-too excitedly for fiona 's normally level demeanor . 
 she sounded hysterical . 
 i caught jonah 's white eyes touching hers . 
 there may have been a hint of warning there , but it was impossible to tell . 
 it was impossible to read anything in those dreadful eyes . 
 bishop remained quiet , his eyes focused on the ground ahead of him , his arms hugging his chest tightly as if he was restraining himself . 
 so far , if they were trying to convince me , they were n't doing a good job . 
 i returned my focus to caden , looking up at him questioningly . 
 those beautiful jade irises gazed down at me adoringly . 
 his face softened . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 we were being too protective of you . 
 we were n't thinking rationally . 
 you 're safe with the council . 
 you should n't be afraid . '' 
 he smiled tenderly , pushing a strand of hair from my face . 
 `` you trust me , right ? '' 
 my stomach plummeted . 
 there it was . 
 that word . 
 the word he had warned me of before . 
 he was sending me a message . 
 it meant that i was in terrible danger . 
 `` yes , i trust you , '' i said slowly , emphasizing that deceptive word , offering him a small smile and , i hoped , an indication that i understood him loud and clear . 
 he stroked my hair softly as mage spoke . 
 `` your friends here were very cooperative in filling the council in , '' she said , again smiling at the four of them . 
 how cooperative ? 
 what does the council know ? 
 and how did they get that information ? 
 eyes wide with concern , i glanced up at caden to see him staring straight ahead now , his face expressionless . 
 the others held the same blank , incomprehensible gaze . 
 had they been tortured ? 
 `` we understand you 're looking for a way to bring your friends back with you-a portal of some sort , like this statue , '' jonah said . 
 i nodded reluctantly . 
 rachel could have told them . 
 `` that 's so gallant of you , '' mage crooned , smiling . 
 she was trying to win me over with kindness and flattery . 
 she walked toward me , her hand outstretched , beckoning me to come forward . 
 she stopped halfway , forcing me to peel myself from caden 's side , something i dreaded doing , but i knew i had no choice . 
 `` and this necklace will tell you how , right ? '' 
 mage reached up to the collar of my shirt , her fingertips grazing my skin . 
 i fought hard against the urge to cringe . 
 her long nail hooked the chain . 
 she pulled at it until my pendant slid out . 
 `` beautiful , '' she murmured , gazing at the bright orange swirls . 
 she let go , the pendant landing softly on the outside of my shirt , visible to all . 
 `` your friends told us about these vampires on the other side . 
 how they 're using you . '' 
 she made a tutting sound . 
 `` it 's just awful , how that witch deceived and cursed you . 
 you ca n't protect yourself against them . 
 what do they have planned for you once you get there ? '' 
 `` i 've made arrangements to be adequately taken care of afterward , '' i answered vaguely . 
 mage gave me a doubtful smile . 
 `` and you trust them ? '' 
 she took a casual step forward . 
 `` we could help you . 
 protect you . 
 this group of us around you - '' she motioned to the group of vampire onlookers '' - are extremely powerful . 
 much more powerful than those three . 
 even the witch . 
 after all , we would forever be in your debt . 
 you could have anything you wanted . 
 absolutely anything . '' 
 so that was it . 
 that was their angle . 
 nurture distrust in sofie , offer their allegiance and protection-my own personal bloodsucking bodyguard-and all the riches imaginable . 
 all i had to do was bring them home with me . 
 to infest earth . 
 to start another war , annihilating another world of humans . 
 clever vampire , but i 'm on to you and this wo n't work . 
 thank god the pendant masked my skepticism . 
 `` that would be great , '' i said slowly , forcing what i hoped looked like a genuine smile . 
 `` i hope i can figure out where the portal is . '' 
 `` oh , so do we ! 
 for your friends ' sake , you must ! '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 i thought you said we were all safe here . '' 
 `` oh , yes , you are . 
 but , you see , there 's a throng of vampires outside this rubble . 
 hundreds of them . 
 they saw us carrying this statue here , and your friends , bound with merth . 
 the council is powerful , but there are only sixteen of us . 
 we can only hold them back for a few days . 
 then , when they break through and find out ... well , if they found out that your friends were planning an exodus without even considering them ... your friends would not last long , '' she explained soberly . 
 `` after that , when you return ... well , that group is not nearly as civilized as we are . '' 
 and who would tell them about our plan ? 
 i wondered bitterly . 
 it was as plain as day , the threat mage was laying before me . 
 transport us now or we throw your friends to the horde . 
 then , when you come back , you get to die a horrifying death too . 
 i glanced back at caden and the others . 
 they seemed so far away . 
 i swallowed the painful lump forming in my throat , feeling the unbearable weight of the situation pushing down on my shoulders . 
 `` well then , we need to get everyone out of here before that happens . '' 
 mage beamed , pleased with herself . 
 `` the scamp is lying , '' rachel growled . 
 mage chuckled softly . 
 `` she would never risk doing something like that-give us such expectations , only to try deceiving us . 
 especially when we 'd see it coming and have to react accordingly , '' she added , smiling as she delivered another silent but clear , equally deadly threat . 
 what a silver-tongued vampire . 
 `` do n't be an idiot , '' rachel scoffed with an arrogant smirk . 
 it was promptly knocked off as jonah lashed out , striking her cheek and sending her flying . 
 rachel was on her feet instantly , wiping a drop of blood from her lip . 
 she was seething with rage . 
 `` i warned you , rachel , '' mage calmly said , glancing at jonah . 
 another strand of merth magically appeared in his hand . 
 rachel growled . 
 her eyes darted to me , sizing up the distance between us . 
 i knew what she was thinking . 
 could she get to me before jonah or mage intercepted ? 
 no . 
 she decided she could n't . 
 with a deranged shriek , she lunged for the next best way to tear my heart out of my body without needing to lay a finger on me . 
 caden . 
 it was like witnessing a horrific car crash in slow motion , though i knew they were moving at warp speed , fast enough that i should n't have been able to discern any of it . 
 thankfully , caden outmaneuvered rachel 's flying , clawing hands before she could grab hold of him . 
 she plowed into the statue with enough force to make it teeter several times before finally toppling . 
 the ground shook with the crash . 
 `` now look what you 've done , rachel ! '' 
 mage scolded . 
 `` you 're lucky it did n't break . 
 evangeline may not have been able to come back ! '' 
 rachel had no opportunity to reply , though , as jonah threw a cord of merth around her neck . 
 she dropped to the ground like a sack of potatoes , immobilized but facing me , her icy glare still boring into my body . 
 the statue 's new horizontal position gave me a clear view of the woman 's hand . 
 i had never seen it so close before . 
 the statue 's hand . 
 sofie 's request . 
 my return into the clutches of the council and rachel had banished sofie 's suggestion from my thoughts-until now . 
 i crouched to peer closely at the hand . 
 her fingers were contorted into an unnatural , uncomfortable pose , as if to hold something small and awkwardly shaped . 
 like ... a heart . 
 my pendant . 
 i yelped in pain as a jolt of electricity shocked me at the same time that an eye-popping burst of blue light exploded from my pendant . 
 24 . 
 the portal my eyes widened in alarm . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 mage exclaimed , clapping her hands . 
 she was a female version of viggo . 
 likely just as devious . 
 they 'd get along well . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered , puzzled . 
 i touched hesitant fingertips to the glowing blue heart . 
 it was icy cold . 
 what did it mean ? 
 is this blue light how the pendant communicates ? 
 have i stumbled upon the portal ? 
 another brilliant flash of blue light and painful shock answered . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 it was answering me . 
 `` it 's the statue , is n't it ? 
 that 's the portal ? '' 
 mage whispered , her eyes wild with anticipation . 
 my mouth clamped shut as i clenched my teeth together . 
 stupid perceptive vampire . 
 a murmur of anticipation hummed through the decaying room , the first indication that the other council members were capable of speaking . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet , '' i answered honestly , gazing down at the statue 's hand again , studying it more closely without making my focal point obvious . 
 so , all i have to do is place my heart into it ? 
 i asked the pendant . 
 the pendant glowed and shocked me again in response . 
 it was answering my questions ! 
 but i could n't take the pendant off or i 'd die ... maybe i do n't have to take it off in order for the spell to work ? 
 another glow , another shock . 
 how was this working ? 
 i quickly tested it . 
 if i 'm right , you 'll shock me ? 
 i asked . 
 i felt the responding shock . 
 if i 'm wrong , will you shock me ? 
 nothing . 
 so a shock and blue light meant an affirmation . 
 i eagerly began rhyming off questions in my head . 
 can i bring more than one vampire back ? 
 yes , it told me . 
 how will it know to bring caden , fiona , amelie , and bishop ? 
 i waited for about five seconds but there was no shock or glow of acknowledgement . 
 but maybe that question was too open-ended . 
 do i need to be touching them ? 
 no reaction . 
 so the answer was no . 
 is there something else they need to do ? 
 yes , it told me . 
 what , though ? 
 again , an open-ended question that the pendant could n't answer . 
 i sat quietly , biting my bottom lip , staring at the statue , pondering possibilities . 
 anger flared deep within me . 
 the portal had been in front of us the whole time and i was too stupid to look . 
 it should have been the first place i looked-it was so obvious ! 
 i could have finished this blasted curse and freed us long ago . 
 so they do n't have to touch me ... do they have to touch the statue ? 
 yes , it told me . 
 so ... if they 're touching the statue when i put the pendant in her hand , they 'll come home with me ? 
 the last shock and glow of affirmation made me gasp loudly . 
 i had figured it out ! 
 i knew how to bring them home with me ! 
 my grin surely stretched from ear to ear . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jonah hissed impatiently . 
 the smile immediately collapsed . 
 i had been so wrapped up with the discovery that i forgot the dilemma we were in . 
 the ring of ancient , powerful , desperate vampires still encircled me , scrutinizing my every move . 
 how am i going to do this ? 
 `` well ? '' 
 mage prodded . 
 my eyes scanned the council , not settling on any individual but seeing them all perfectly . 
 yes , they were all watching intently , growing more agitated by the second , like hounds around a barrel of meat , waiting patiently for the only answer they 'd be willing to hear . 
 `` i 'm not sure what it 's telling me yet , '' i murmured , assuming my best look of confusion . 
 i sat down in front of the statue , legs crossed and hands against my temples as if concentrating deeply . 
 it was good cover for hiding my panicked expression . 
 i had to figure a way out of this mess . 
 i silently weighed my options . 
 if i did nothing , we were all dead . 
 not an option . 
 i did n't want to die . 
 i could n't let the others die . 
 but how could i embed my necklace into the statue 's hand and get caden , amelie , fiona , and bishop to touch the statue , all while a ring of vampires hovered around us ? 
 vampires , i reminded myself , who could move lightning fast and tear my body apart in the blink of an eye . 
 who would tear me apart if they suspected i was attempting to leave them . 
 and i 'd be a fool to think i could outsmart these ageless monsters . 
 i had only one option . 
 no alternatives . 
 i had to bring them back with me . 
 all of them . 
 there were n't that many , really , i convinced myself , mentally conducting a head count . 
 viggo and mortimer had more than enough space and money to house them . 
 sofie would have successfully wired the place with the merth i harvested so they 'd be trapped , unable to wreak havoc on new york . 
 and sofie would have that talisman she was talking about so the humans would be safe from the vampires ' ravenous thirst . 
 i had pinky sworn , though ... the current circumstances had to warrant an exception . 
 sofie would n't want me dying here tonight . 
 i had to believe that . 
 so whatever her complication was with veronique 's tomb spell , mortimer and viggo would have to wait a little longer to reunite with their mummy bride . 
 at least they 'd have plenty of venomous vampires at their disposal when the time came . 
 the more i thought about this plan , the more comfortable i became with it and the easier it was to convince myself that i was right . 
 viggo , mortimer , and sofie could deal with this lot . 
 after all , why should i die-along with caden , amelie , fiona , and bishop-doing what they asked me to ? 
 what they cursed me to do . 
 they wanted one infectious vampire . 
 well , they were getting twenty . 
 wait , not twenty . 
 nineteen . 
 i stood and turned to face mage , fear making my movements robotic . 
 swallowing the giant lump in my throat , i took a deep breath . 
 `` i know how to do it . 
 i know how to bring us all back . '' 
 `` no ! 
 do n't ! 
 they 're monsters ! 
 they 'll destroy your world ! '' 
 amelie screamed . 
 in the next instant i saw her folding over as jonah 's knee delivered a powerful blow to her stomach . 
 caden lunged at the mutant , growling deeply . 
 jonah was ready for him , though , easily sidestepping the attack and countering with a thrust of his own , sending caden flying backward into the throng of council members . 
 eyes lit with malicious pleasure , and seven sets of hands reached for him . 
 `` stop right now or none of you will ever leave this place , '' someone warned in a steady voice . 
 as nineteen pairs of eyes turned to regard me , i realized that i had spoken , drawing the courage to do so from somewhere deep within myself . 
 the threat worked . 
 they shifted away from caden , giving him plenty of space . 
 i turned back to mage . 
 `` on one condition , though , and it 's non-negotiable , '' i stipulated , mustering as much courage as possible , praying she could n't see past the mask of bravado to the human who was about to pee her pants in terror . 
 making demands on vampires was likely a fatal proposition , but i had little to lose . 
 mage 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` continue , '' she ordered through a tight-lipped smile . 
 `` the only way i 'll do this is without rachel . '' 
 mage 's relaxed laughter echoed through the barren room . 
 `` is that all ? 
 of course . 
 she 's more trouble than she 's worth . '' 
 she held out her hand and i shook it , feeling the comfortable warmth of her delicate skin and wondering if making a deal with the devil felt like this . 
 i glanced over at the motionless lump that was rachel , expecting to see her icy , penetrating glare still boring into me . 
 but she had turned her focus on mage , her eyes filled with hurt and shock . 
 i guess she had never expected to be cast aside so easily . 
 so it was settled ... i looked at caden and the others then , and saw eyes filled with trepidation . 
 it 'll be okay , i tried to convey with my expression . 
 `` so , how do you do it ? '' 
 jonah asked . 
 i opened my mouth to explain and promptly shut it . 
 no , i was n't going to give them any more information than necessary . 
 that was one request sofie made that i would listen to , at least . 
 `` everyone step forward and place a hand on the statue , '' i instructed . 
 all fifteen council members instantly appeared around the statue , eagerness shining in their vibrant eyes . 
 only my four vampires dragged their feet as they moved grudgingly toward us . 
 `` hurry up , or we 'll be going without you ! '' 
 jonah snapped . 
 `` no , we wo n't , '' i answered smoothly . 
 where is this nerve coming from ? 
 his cold white eyes darted to me and i saw surprise flicker in his face before it smoothed over . 
 with a slight nod and a wink , he turned his eyes back to his hand on the statue . 
 unease stirred in me , and not just because of his hideous face . 
 there was meaning in that wink . 
 he probably wanted to kill me , but he could n't . 
 that knowledge brought me little comfort . 
 my four vampires finally reached the statue , jonah considerately shifting to make room for caden beside me . 
 i reached out and grabbed hold of his arm , the need to be connected with him uncontrollable . 
 he leaned in . 
 `` is there no other way ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' i whispered back . 
 `` sofie 's prepared . '' 
 `` i do n't think she 's prepared for this ... '' he muttered , his apprehensive eyes flitting over the crowd around the statue . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i offered feebly , desperate to be done with all of this . 
 i raised my voice again . 
 `` okay now , everyone just ... stay right where you are , '' i instructed , my eyes on my four vampires to ensure they heard me . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 i did n't know if not moving was a requirement , but i was n't taking any chances . 
 nineteen vampires leaned closer toward the statue , their palms splayed on the statue . 
 they must have been thinking the same thing . 
 i could feel their anxiety and excitement lying over me like a heavy blanket . 
 after seven hundred years , they would be in a world of humans again . 
 my heart started pounding against my chest as hysteria briefly overwhelmed me . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm doing this . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm unleashing this on my world ! 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 caden asked . 
 i glanced over , finding calm in those spectacular jade eyes . 
 everything would be fine . 
 it had to be done . 
 with a nod and a smile , i knelt and inched the pendant i gripped in my trembling hand toward the statue 's stone hand . 
 toward the portal . 
 as it approached its intended resting place , the heart of the pendant began shimmering a dazzling bluish-green , like sunlight cast over tropical waters . 
 like caden 's eyes . 
 the icy cold faded to a perfectly comfortable temperature . 
 i fumbled as i struggled to fit the pendant within the statue 's fingertips . 
 it did n't want to fit . 
 maybe i had misunderstood somehow ? 
 maybe - i heard a click . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 mage asked in a whisper , her eyes wide . 
 frozen in a crouch so i would n't dislodge the pendant , i murmured , `` now we wait . '' 
 please let this work , i prayed . 
 do n't let there be any more pieces to this puzzle . 
 this group did n't seem like a patient lot . 
 they 'd be peeling the skin off my arms soon if this did n't work . 
 the seconds dragged on and my agitation increased . 
 i was all but convinced i had misinterpreted the pendant 's message when a wave of fatigue hit me . 
 recognizing the call back to earth , i glanced at caden , then at amelie , bishop , and fiona . 
 i could see it in their eyes-they felt it ! 
 glancing around at the council , i saw their confusion and panic ; they 'd gone too many years without experiencing weariness . 
 `` it 's working ! '' 
 i whispered breathlessly . 
 looking up at caden , i saw his eyes fixed adoringly on me . 
 his lips moved as he mouthed , i love you . 
 despite the current circumstances , my heart skipped a few beats . 
 i opened my mouth to return the sentiment - and watched in horror as he flew backward to crash into the rubble a hundred feet from me , hurled away from the statue by a still smugly grinning jonah . 
 hurled away from salvation . 
 away from me . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shrieked as amelie dashed to her brother . 
 they were n't going to make it back in time . 
 within every fiber of my being , i knew this . 
 none of this was worth it if i did n't have them . 
 i groped frantically for my pendant , intent on yanking it out - a cloudless blue sky hung beyond the glass ceiling above me . 
 i was lying on the cobblestone path in the atrium , beside veronique 's tomb , the dreadful image of caden flying away and amelie chasing after him still vivid in my mind . 
 i clambered to my feet , needing to see those two faces . 
 knowing i 'd want to die if i did n't . 
 i found viggo and mortimer first . 
 they were sitting at their bistro table , motionless , their eyes round with panic . 
 sofie was standing beside them , her pale , minty eyes darting about wildly . 
 i followed her gaze . 
 there were bodies everywhere . 
 i had wanted four . 
 i had expected nineteen . 
 but there were more . 
 so many more . 
 creamy pale , beautiful faces lay in repose on the cobblestone paths and in the flower gardens . 
 there had to be a hundred , at least , and none of them were moving . 
 yet . 
 `` what have you gone and done ? '' 
 mortimer whispered slowly , clearly in shock . 
 `` it was n't supposed to be like this , '' i stammered , shaking my head shaking back and forth in vigorous denial . 
 `` i warned you two about unexpected outcomes , did n't i ? '' 
 sofie muttered , her tone surprisingly calm , given the disastrous situation . 
 the four of us were standing in a minefield of comatose vampires . 
 the sound of shattering glass drew my attention upward in time to see a sleek black body sailing through the air from a fifth-floor balcony . 
 max landed beside me with the agility of a cat . 
 the other dogs tore out the door of the mansion and surrounded me in seconds . 
 leo rushed out close behind them . 
 `` i 'm not sure how much help you 're going to be , maximus , '' mortimer murmured . 
 so many vampires . 
 so many vampires who might go ballistic as soon as they caught a whiff of my blood . 
 `` sofie , the talisman ? '' 
 i reminded her in a sharp , desperate whisper . 
 she faltered , anguish in her eyes . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be back yet , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , evangeline . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` evangeline , come here-now , '' viggo hissed , his voice revealing fright for the first time ever . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't move . 
 not an inch , '' sofie immediately countered , her hand held out to stay me , her eyes riveted on a stirring body . 
 bodies began to twitch and jerk then , gradually rising like corpses coming to life in a cheesy horror flick . 
 their vivid eyes darted wildly about-surveying ; orienting themselves . 
 a low murmur rose from sofie . 
 a chant . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 mortimer hissed , frowning . 
 she ignored him . 
 someone else joined in , amplifying the low chant-a male voice , from somewhere behind me . 
 i turned to see who it was but a body lying bound by silvery cords on the cobblestones distracted me . 
 rachel . 
 how did she get here ? 
 she had n't been anywhere near the statue ! 
 if she made it ... my heart started racing as i scanned the crowd . 
 i found caden and amelie ten feet away-the two faces i feared i would never see again . 
 fiona and bishop were close by as well . 
 i cried out , and tears of joy began streaking down my face . 
 they had made it ! 
 caden and my three dear friends had been rescued from their hell . 
 at that moment , i did n't care about the other hundred vampires . 
 viggo and mortimer could deal with them . 
 i heard the sudden rush of flames as a ring of fire erupted around veronique 's statue . 
 sofie must have started it . 
 i did n't care . 
 they could deal with that too . 
 i watched caden 's eyes hopefully , waiting impatiently for him to fully comprehend where he was . 
 they were wild with confusion at first , but then i saw the glimmer of comprehension . 
 he smiled as his eyes fell on mine . 
 his smile grew wider . 
 i exhaled heavily , relief flooding my body . 
 i wanted to run toward him , to leap into his arms , to feel his body pressed against mine again . 
 his nostrils flared as he inhaled deeply . 
 an inkling of fear stirred ... i watched as his lips curled back in a snarl , then his face contorted into a horrific mixture of pleasure and anguish . 
 he was gritting his teeth tightly , as if fighting an unbearable urge . 
 he squeezed his eyes tightly shut . 
 when they opened , his beautiful jade eyes were gone , swallowed by fully dilated pupils , with only a narrow rim of jade around those giant black circles . 
 the whites of his eyes had turned crimson , the tiny white veins in them pulsating . 
 they were the eyes of a thirsty vampire . 
 max 's responding growl raised the short hairs on my neck . 
 caden did n't even acknowledge the threat of the dog . 
 those demonic eyes locked on me . 
 he took a faltering step-and then he lunged . 
 max intercepted , leaping for caden 's chest at the same time that i screamed , `` no ! '' 
 25 . 
 exiled my earsplitting scream faded to a dull moan as i glanced around , bewildered by my new surroundings . 
 i was sitting in a large , comfortable chair in front of a bay window . 
 everything outside was white and green-snow and trees . 
 towering snow-capped mountains and an endless ocean of evergreens . 
 no atrium . 
 no friends . 
 no pit of vampires , ready to tear me into a million pieces . 
 no caden . 
 `` not again , sofie ! '' 
 i wailed , flopping back into the chair . 
 i felt my forehead crease and i squeezed my eyes tightly shut , but the tears still found a way out , rolling down my cheeks in a steady stream . 
 another world , another twist to this never-ending curse . 
 is this another one of sofie 's unexpected outcomes ? 
 `` is everything alright , evangeline ? '' 
 i bolted out of my chair , startled by the male voice-the tone familiar but the accent , a thick irish brogue , new . 
 whirling , i found myself opposite a wall of faces . 
 leo stood closest to me . 
 behind him were eight other people that i recognized as viggo and mortimer 's staff , as well as julian and valentina forero . 
 in the far corner stood two men with enough facial hair that they could be mistaken for a pair of mountain yetis . 
 one of them must be the irishman . 
 but why did the man speak to me as if he knows me ? 
 save for leo and the yetis , everyone looked as confused as i felt . 
 max came trotting in from the hallway to stop at my side , followed by his pack mates . 
 `` max ? '' 
 i croaked with relief , throwing my arms around him . 
 he responded with an affectionate nuzzle against my cheek . 
 the irish voice spoke again . 
 `` no doubt you 're all confused right now ... '' i gasped when i saw whose lips were moving : leo . 
 his grandfatherly demeanor and distinguished british accent had vanished , replaced by a leprechaun-like irishman . 
 `` i 'll explain everything later , but know it was either this or death . 
 darlene ? '' 
 he addressed one of the older maids who stood in a daze , dripping yellow latex gloves on her hands . 
 `` there 's a clipboard on the table out there in the hall , with instructions . '' 
 darlene stared at him for a moment longer , bewildered . 
 obviously i was n't the only one shocked by leo 's dual personality . 
 that , or she was still trying to wrap her head around the fact that she had been scrubbing a toilet only a few seconds before and was now in a log cabin in the mountains . 
 finally she nodded and , slowly peeling off her gloves , shuffled out of the room . 
 the other seven staff members trailed close behind her . 
 that left me , the dogs , the forero kids , the two yetis , and the man who looked like leo standing in the large room . 
 `` valentina , julian , please see darlene about your accommodations , '' leo said to them . 
 `` you 'll need to share a room . '' 
 `` where the hell are we , butler ? 
 and where are our parents ? '' 
 julian snapped . 
 leo strolled over to stand in front of the future drug lord , a triumphant smile on his face . 
 `` i 'm not the butler here , julian . 
 here , in these mountains , i 'm god . 
 piss me off once and you 'll be tossed to the wolves faster than you can blink . 
 your parents are vampire fodder . 
 the only reason you 're not is because of evangeline 's naivety . 
 understand ? '' 
 my eyes bulged , listening to leo deliver the threat . 
 where did the sweet , old grandfatherly butler go ? 
 julian and valentina disappeared in seconds , the message clear . 
 satisfied , leo turned to the two yetis , addressing them in some odd language that i had never heard before . 
 the yetis grunted in unison and left out a side door . 
 i was now alone with leo , wary of what other surprises he had in store for me . 
 i watched him calmly walk over to one of the bookshelves . 
 he pulled down a book and began fanning through the pages until a thick envelope popped out . 
 plucking it from the pages , he placed the book back in its rightful place , then walked over to me . 
 `` here . '' 
 he handed the envelope to me . 
 my name , written in sofie 's floral scrawl , adorned the front . 
 `` this should make a few things clearer . '' 
 i stared dumbly at him . 
 he ignored my dumbstruck expression and continued . 
 `` i 'll be getting settled in . 
 if you need anything , just holler . '' 
 he gave one of the dogs-remington , i recognized by the dark blue collar-a scratch under the chin , then strolled away , a knowing smirk on his face . 
 when he was gone , i turned to max . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 max emitted a burst of snuffling laughter . 
 that 's leo . 
 long story . 
 he 'll explain later . 
 `` do you know what 's going on ? '' 
 read the letter . 
 i grunted , annoyed . 
 i could n't tell if it was fear of misrepresenting the facts or pure laziness on the giant werebeast 's part that drove max to such useless answers . 
 i looked for a place to sit , taking in my surroundings for the first time . 
 the place reminded me of a ski chalet , with its cathedral ceiling and stone fireplace . 
 the furniture was all made of wood and plush , casual fabrics stuffed comfortably enough to sink into . 
 overall , a pleasant atmosphere . 
 i ended up sitting back down in the chair by the window , clutching the stiff , thick envelope in my trembling hands . 
 what will i find in here ? 
 was it going to tell me that sofie had been lying all this time ? 
 or that caden and my friends were dead ? 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 i exhaled heavily . 
 `` like pulling off a band-aid , max , '' i murmured as i tore the envelope open , adding , `` one that 's crazy-glued to my armpit . '' 
 inside were several pages of lined paper and a stack of photographs . 
 flipping through the pictures first , i saw they were the ones amelie had taken during my last visit to the caves . 
 sofie had printed them for me . 
 my stomach dropped when i glimpsed a candid picture of caden leaning up against a cave wall like a model in a designer jeans ad . 
 he was smiling at something unseen in the distance , his jade eyes twinkling with pleasure . 
 my heart ached at the sight of that smile ; i needed so badly to see it again-see it so i could erase the murderous look now etched in my memory , the look on his face when he realized how much he wanted to kill me . 
 he likely would have , had i not been wrenched out of there . 
 he had been right all along . 
 agony tore my heart . 
 i set aside the pictures for the time being and unfolded the letter to see sofie 's elegant script . 
 take a deep breath . 
 first of all , let me assure you this is not another spell that will have you running on a wild goose chase to another world . 
 i promise you that . 
 you are still here , two feet firmly planted on earth . 
 i just wo n't tell you where you are-for everyone 's safety . 
 if you are reading this , it 's because you have succeeded in bringing a vampire back with you-hopefully four , including your caden . 
 now that you have , you will be relieved to know that the necklace will no longer transport you to ratheus every night . 
 but do not take it off . 
 it has bound itself to you , to your heart . 
 without it on , your heart will stop beating . 
 you 're probably wondering why i have sent you to this snowy cabin in the woods . 
 do you remember me mentioning that there was a `` complication '' in unlocking veronique 's tomb and that your necklace was needed to get her out ? 
 i feel i should explain the whole truth now ... of course she had n't told me everything ! 
 when i was casting the causal enchantment , i was full of raw angst and self-pity over the loss of nathan , love for veronique , and the intense need to one day find love again . 
 all of those emotions melded together and resulted in the solution to our venom issue , but also an exceptionally cruel trick . 
 the enchantment gave me the gift of love-a different sort of love , but just as compelling-when it bound itself to you . 
 anyway , this was a gift with a condition . 
 i would one day be forced to choose between you and veronique . 
 how , you ask ? 
 well , when i first entombed veronique within that statue , i basically encapsulated her heart within her pendant . 
 not physically , of course , but the life force of her heart . 
 releasing her was supposed to be simple enough . 
 i just had to place the pendant within the statue 's outstretched hand . 
 i suspected this was what needed to be done to bring the vampires back with you all along . 
 the similarities were too noticeable to ignore . 
 however , i did n't mention it to you until today because i was trying to buy myself time . 
 time to find a way around the awful predicament i was in . 
 you see , the enchantment `` decided '' that it would bind your heart to the pendant as well , thus entwining your life with my sister 's . 
 once that necklace is placed within the hands of her tomb , veronique 's life force will shift back to her , pulling yours along with it and killing you . 
 i will never allow that to happen , i promise you that . 
 however , mortimer and viggo make keeping that promise fairly tricky . 
 they do n't trust me . 
 i expect that the moment you step foot on earth with your friends , mortimer and viggo will get hold of you to ensure i complete the spell , by any means necessary . 
 they will not wait . 
 if you are ... where you are ... that means the clock has run out . 
 it means you could not wait any longer . 
 you have held up your end of the bargain in bringing us the solution to our curse , and yet i have n't found a way to save you from yours . 
 so i have sent you far away , where mortimer and viggo will never find you . 
 as far as they know , you may be on earth or you may be on another world . 
 the house you will be residing in , indefinitely , is the result of a dream nathan and i shared . 
 i had it built-unbeknownst to viggo and mortimer-as a safe haven for you . 
 i promised you that i would keep you safe . 
 sending you away was the only way i could do that effectively . 
 you will be safe there until your friends learn to control their lust for human blood and i find a loophole to untangle your heart from veronique 's . 
 i know , i know , i said there were no loopholes . 
 but i 'm determined to prove the laws of magic wrong . 
 as much as i love and miss my sister dearly , i will not allow your death to be the cost of regaining her . 
 she will remain frozen in time until i resolve this . 
 i doubt viggo and mortimer saw this coming . 
 they will be shocked , to say the least , when you disappear , along with the dogs and their entire wait staff . 
 i even threw in julian and valentina based on your sympathies . 
 if they get to be a nuisance , just tell leo and he 'll dispose of them . 
 mortimer and viggo will be angry enough to kill me . 
 they may do it . 
 you may be reading the farewell words of a recently deceased vampire . 
 one whose love for you could easily rival that of any mother for her own child . 
 however , with me gone , they have no hope of ever seeing veronique again . 
 i hope they 're smarter than that . 
 we will see . 
 my hands were shaking as they fell into my lap , still holding the letter . 
 sofie could be ... dead ? 
 the very idea sparked a great sense of loss in me , one i had not expected . 
 i picked up the letter again . 
 i 'm sorry that you have moved from one prison to another one . 
 do n't try to run . 
 you will not get far and you will make leo 's life stressful . 
 i have entrusted you to his care , something i should have done many years ago . 
 i have had to hide my feelings for you until now , in fear of what viggo may do if he realized how vested i was in your survival . 
 i no longer have to hide . 
 i love you . 
 please believe that i live now only for your happiness . 
 i hope we 'll see each other again soon . 
 i will take care of your friends as best i can . 
 s p.s. . 
 if it 's any consolation , there 's an account containing an obscene amount of money with your name on it . 
 when it 's safe , it 's all yours to do with as you wish . 
 tears flowed freely from my eyes now , giant droplets that splattered on the pages , smearing the ink . 
 i frantically wiped them away , not wanting to lose her words in case they were her last . 
 she must have written this the day i left for the last time . 
 before i returned with an entire army of vampires . 
 sofie truly cared for me . 
 loved me , even . 
 i had a maternal vampire and i had never known . 
 all because she had to hide the truth from viggo and mortimer . 
 and the curse was n't over yet . 
 it would never be over until i was dead . 
 i must have read that letter over fifty times . 
 when i finally looked up , dusk was settling over the snowy landscape . 
 i was still alone , aside from the dogs . 
 no one had once ventured into the great room . 
 likely cowering , still in shock , i thought . 
 i folded the letter and stuffed it into my back pocket until i could lock it away for safe-keeping in my room . 
 once i knew where my room was . 
 as if on cue , leo strolled in with a plate . 
 `` you must be hungry , '' he said in that bizarre new accent . 
 he motioned me toward a solid wood dining table , dimly lit by a chandelier made of deer antlers . 
 i stood and followed him over in a daze , mechanically sitting down in the chair he offered . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i hesitated , not knowing how to answer . 
 `` i 'm still in shock , i think . 
 there 's been a few big ... surprises of late , '' i said , eyeing him as i poked the mysterious-looking stew with my fork . 
 i had no appetite . 
 `` okay , go ahead , '' he prompted , smirking . 
 `` why british ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 he chuckled , thoroughly amused . 
 a heavy wooden side door burst open then , and one of the yetis stepped through , bringing an icy gust of wind and a dusting of snow in with him . 
 i shivered responsively . 
 `` cold ? '' 
 leo asked . 
 he flicked his hand toward the rustic stone fireplace across from us , and flames instantly erupted among the logs . 
 i frowned . 
 it was n't a gas fireplace . 
 there were no remote controls that could do that . 
 leo winked at me . 
 realization hit me . 
 i gasped . 
 `` you were the voice i heard chanting with sofie , '' i whispered , my eyes bulging . 
 `` you 're a witch ? '' 
 `` i prefer warlock or sorcerer . 
 i 'm not in the least bit feminine , '' leo answered casually . 
 `` how ... '' i croaked , my voice barely audible . 
 `` oh , there 'll be plenty of time to get into the ` hows ' while we 're exiled here ; tonight is not the time for that . 
 i may have been pretending to be the perfect gentleman 's man but i was n't faking being old . 
 these bones of mine need a good rest after the exertion of transporting us here . 
 especially those four horses . '' 
 he nodded in max 's direction . 
 i looked at max with narrowed eyes . 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 max found that question funny for some reason , making that odd half grunt , half snort that was supposed to be laughter . 
 he knew ! 
 i scowled at him . 
 `` do viggo and mortimer know ? '' 
 `` no , no , no ... they did n't . '' 
 leo shook his head . 
 `` they do now , though . 
 our sofie-she 's a cunning one . 
 she surreptitiously planted me in their service about fifteen years ago . '' 
 `` you pretended to be a british butler for fifteen years ? '' 
 i said incredulously . 
 leo took a seat by the fireplace and pulled out a pipe . 
 `` viggo is particular about his butlers . 
 they have to be ` authentic . ' 
 it was the only way . '' 
 `` i thought your kind despised vampires , '' i murmured , recalling sofie referring to witches and vampires as the montagues and the capulets . 
 `` that 's true . 
 but my allegiance will always be with sofie . '' 
 he smiled mysteriously , reminiscing fondly about something . 
 `` how '' was about to leave my mouth again but he waved it off before i could utter a sound . 
 `` another time , please , '' he said , puffing on his pipe , now lit . 
 i nodded , biting my bottom lip in frustration . 
 `` can i at least ask where we are ? '' 
 he bellowed laughter . 
 `` you can ask a thousand times and i wo n't tell you . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 i glanced at max . 
 `` and he wo n't tell you either , '' leo warned , eyeing my guard dog . 
 `` so do n't pester him to death . '' 
 `` i could order him . 
 i 'm his master , '' i responded haughtily . 
 `` and he 'll ignore you , on grounds that he is protecting you best by leaving you in the dark , '' leo answered , equally smug . 
 it 's true , i heard max say . 
 i 've learned the loopholes . 
 i sighed . 
 what was the point of being a master if my subordinate was keeping secrets and obeying only when convenient ? 
 another set of pressing questions popped into my head . 
 `` do you know what happened back there ? 
 is sofie alive ? 
 are my friends alive ? '' 
 `` sofie is still alive . 
 we are linked through magic . 
 i would have felt it , otherwise . 
 as for the others , all i can say is that sofie successfully wired the building with merth . 
 no vampire is getting in or out of there . '' 
 `` so they 're all going to live in there ? '' 
 i asked , screwing my face up as i pictured over a hundred vampires-most of them likely homicidal , blood-crazed maniacs right now-touring around the place . 
 `` yup ! 
 one big , bloodsucking kibbutz . 
 that is , if they do n't all kill each other . '' 
 he quickly added as my eyes widened in fear , `` do n't worry , i 'm sure they 'll all be full of love and joy , now that they have human blood again . '' 
 i noted the sarcasm in his voice . 
 `` besides , they have enough blood in there to supply the whole lot of them for a few months , and sofie can get more . 
 they should be able to manage . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so how long am i a prisoner here ? '' 
 my eyes roamed the dimly lit , rustic room . 
 though much simpler in taste than viggo and mortimer 's place , my second prison appeared equally comfortable . 
 leo sighed . 
 `` i 'm not sure how many years it will be yet . 
 it all depends on sofie . '' 
 `` years ? '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` calm down , '' he said , patting the air . 
 `` let me explain . 
 you see , we 're in quite the pickle now . 
 if sofie and i had n't brought you here , i can guarantee that you would already be dead . 
 if not by the hands of mortimer and viggo-they 're proficient in getting what they want-then by the fangs of a hundred or so vampires you inadvertently brought back with you . 
 they 're not stable right now . 
 not even your friends . 
 you saw that , firsthand . '' 
 he paused to puff on his pipe again . 
 i shuddered as the vision of caden 's veiny red eyes flashed through my mind . 
 `` it would be like covering yourself in pink frosting and sitting down with a group of three-year-olds , '' he added . 
 `` i still do n't understand what happened , '' i muttered . 
 `` there were only supposed to be nineteen and that was because i had no other choice ! 
 the pendant told me they had to be touching the statue and then ... '' my voice drifted off as understanding dawned . 
 i gasped . 
 `` they 've all touched the statue at some point ! 
 they did n't have to be touching it right at that moment , though . 
 i misunderstood ! '' 
 `` not surprising . 
 those spells are tricky buggers to figure out , '' leo muttered around the pipe in his mouth . 
 `` you were likely too excited to distinguish the details of the pendant 's hints . 
 your biggest worry right now is mortimer and viggo . 
 they 'll stop at nothing to free veronique . 
 they do n't have all the details but they do know they need that pendant . 
 by now they 'll likely have figured out the rest . 
 but they 're not your only worry . 
 this rachel character ... believe me , she wo n't forget about you . 
 killing you is about as important to her as human blood . 
 revenge-it 's an ugly thing for these creatures . 
 from what sofie has told me , you did a number on her . '' 
 leo chuckled . 
 `` you do n't know the half of it , '' i grumbled , realizing my deal with mage to leave her behind had n't won me any brownie points . 
 `` i hope sofie kills her . '' 
 i silently prayed that she had thrown rachel into that massive pyre that erupted around the statue . 
 otherwise caden would never be safe with her around . 
 leo took another long draw on his pipe . 
 `` listen to you-vampire-slayer . '' 
 he chuckled through a swirl of smoke . 
 `` and then let 's not forget about the elusive ursula , whom we ca n't track because she 's hopping through human host bodies like she 's riding a public transit system . 
 you are the ultimate means of torturing sofie , a goal that drives her entire existence . 
 `` so you see , as much as you would like to go see sofie and these friends of yours-i 'm sure this caden fellow would be pleasant under different circumstances-it 's simply not an option . 
 and as much as we would all like to see you happy , seeing you alive is more important . 
 we will remain here until sofie has figured out a way to get that blasted necklace off your neck safely , and no amount of begging and pleading will do you any good . 
 so do n't bother , kiddo . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 this imprisonment was even worse than before . 
 at least before , i could escape every night to see caden . 
 now , in this winter abyss , i had no means of contact , no way of making sure they were okay , nothing to remind me of them except my memories and a stack of four-by-sixes . 
 `` when my friends get over this whole blood-crazed thing ... can they come here ? '' 
 leo got up and strolled over to place his hand on my shoulder . 
 he squeezed lightly . 
 `` it 's not something that happens overnight , evangeline . 
 you know that by now . 
 we 're not sure how well they 'll adjust . 
 they could be like baby vampires and , well , they usually spend the first twenty or so years lurking in shadows before they have some level of control . '' 
 `` so what are you saying ? 
 i ca n't see them for the next twenty years ? 
 i 'll be ... old ! 
 you may as well have let mortimer and viggo kill me ! '' 
 i cried . 
 a new flood of tears overwhelmed me . 
 `` no , no , i 'm not saying that at all . 
 do n't get all wound up , '' leo shushed me . 
 `` but ... do you even want to see them after caden tried ... after that ? '' 
 his voice had turned gentle . 
 `` i ... i do n't know , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` no , wait ! 
 of course . 
 it was n't his fault ! 
 he had warned me . '' 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 leo shook his head in exasperation , but then began chuckling . 
 `` i see what sofie meant ... '' he said to himself . 
 `` you 've changed , but you have n't changed ... '' he dropped his hand . 
 `` your friends will come looking for you when the time is right and mortimer and viggo ca n't track them . 
 we just hope that , when they do find you , they can control themselves . 
 otherwise the dogs and i will have to kill them , no question about it . '' 
 i looked down at my stew , then set my fork down and pushed the plate away . 
 i buried my face in my arms . 
 leo 's hand settled on my head , patting me gently . 
 it was a small comfort , but he was trying . 
 i turned and looked up at the old man , my appointed guardian , wiping away tears . 
 `` what am i supposed to do , leo ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 that smile , at least , i recognized as his . 
 `` trust us . '' 
