 prologue a spine-chilling crack jerked imogen 's attention to the center of the atrium . 
 there , nestled among charred heaps of vampires and sentinel-their bodies still smoldering-stood the snow-white marble woman , quietly reaching for the heavens . 
 the sorceress 's nostrils curled in disgust , the smell of death permeating the air . 
 twelve hours ago , imogen led the strike on the manhattan lair of the two most notorious vampires . 
 she and her band of twenty-four witches exploded through the iron gates , trailing two hundred spelled sentinel-fools who had proven useful as bloody bait to distract the horde of vampires seeking asylum . 
 the attack , which took months of planning and one timely sorceress kidnapping , was devastatingly successful . 
 a few leeches escaped , including the three targets . 
 disappointing , but not entirely unexpected . 
 at least now they had the vampire lair and whatever lay protected within these walls . 
 something here had kept those two monsters cocooned for over a hundred years , believing they were invisible . 
 something involving sofie 's sister , based on what imogen 's spy-ileana-divulged . 
 what exactly , no one knew . 
 ileana had tried gently prodding into viggo 's mind , but it was impregnable . 
 either way , the sorceresses now had the building and all its secrets within . 
 they quickly secured the entrance with an illusion spell to cover the destruction of the entrance way and re-established the merth barrier-that wonderful vampire-paralyzing substance that imogen had only heard of from the legends but had never seen . 
 from there , the sorceresses introduced the next level of their strategy . 
 until this new development ... gasps surrounded imogen as the group watched tiny fissures spider across the statue 's torso like ice cracking over a lake . 
 the cracks expanded , crawling up her arms and neck , all the way down to her ankles . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 imogen hissed . 
 when she did n't get an immediate response , she turned to the group , her wild mane of billowing black and silver-streaked hair enhancing the menace in her eyes . 
 `` maybe there 's something inside . '' 
 imogen answered her own question . 
 a new enemy . 
 ten tiny flames appeared at imogen 's fingertips . 
 the other sorceresses followed suit , arming themselves with magic , ready to quash the new threat about to reveal itself . 
 an avalanche of marble smashed to the floor as the statue crumbled . 
 gauzy white fabric appeared first , followed by creamy legs ... arms ... shoulders ... long chestnut ringlets spilled down as the marble disappeared around the creature 's back , revealing a young woman . 
 a stir of suspicion unsettled imogen . 
 she had heard the stories ... `` but how ? '' 
 the question barely touched her lips , her whisper so soft . 
 `` human ? '' 
 someone whispered from behind her . 
 dozens of purple coils , invisible to a human , shot forward like probing tentacles to interrogate the unraveled creature . 
 the coils cocooned the creature 's frail body , caressing her cheeks , probing her body , attempting to penetrate her vital organs in search of information . 
 the magical coils dissolved as they made contact . 
 several gasps of realization echoed . 
 `` she 's immune to our magic ! '' 
 imogen hissed , now flabbergasted . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 no one hazarded an explanation . 
 every sorceress stood , frozen . 
 watching , waiting . 
 long eyelashes fluttered as the creature blinked to focus on her surroundings . 
 `` allo ? '' 
 she called out hesitantly . 
 `` allo ? 
 est-il temps ? '' 
 `` who is she ? 
 is she french ? 
 why ca n't our magic touch her ? '' 
 the panicked questions began , the group looking to their leader for answers . 
 imogen lifted her chin , exuding confidence she did n't feel at this moment . 
 `` let 's find out , shall we ? '' 
 she stepped forward . 
 inside , panic whirled . 
 no , it could n't be ... how on earth had that redheaded bitch pulled this off ? 
 `` oui ! 
 enfin ! '' 
 the young woman cried out in relief , an angelic smile spreading across her face , oblivious to the imminent threat approaching her . 
 as imogen advanced , she watched olive green orbs widen , taking in her surroundings-the smoldering ash , the destroyed building , the ring of witches , fingers ablaze , the crumbled marble around her feet . 
 the smile slid off her beautiful face . 
 imogen stopped twenty feet away , sidestepping a pile of corpses . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 confusion flashed across the woman 's pretty face , `` veronique ... '' imogen breathed a giant sigh of triumph as whispers drifted among the witches . 
 they had all heard the sordid tale of sofie 's sister . 
 it was legend . 
 rumor had it she simply disappeared one day . 
 all had assumed one of her two leech lovers killed her . 
 but now they knew what those three had done . 
 and they had her . 
 `` where is sofie ? '' 
 veronique asked timidly , switching to english . 
 her brow furrowed , her startled eyes roamed , suddenly halting , latching onto one of the ash mounds . 
 imogen watched the woman study the mounds more intently . 
 recognition finally passed over those haunting olive eyes and she released a blood-curdling scream . 
 `` quick ! 
 secure her ! '' 
 imogen commanded . 
 there was no reason , though . 
 veronique collapsed into an unconscious heap on the dais , smacking her forehead on a jagged piece of marble . 
 a small pool of blood formed beneath her . 
 `` so ... now we have sofie 's sister . '' 
 imogen 's lips curved into a smile as she reached for her cell phone . 
 the sect would want to know . 
 `` when she wakes up , let 's get as much information out of her as possible . 
 any means necessary , '' she added . 
 probing spells would n't work . 
 it would take good old brute force ; likely little of it . 
 `` they 'll be coming back for this one and we 'll be ready . '' 
 1 . 
 flee-evangeline `` you okay ? '' 
 caden asked , concern pouring from his beautiful jade eyes as he gazed down at me , my head nestled in his lap . 
 his index finger lazily traced the contours of my face , his pattern gentle , repetitive . 
 conflicting waves of calm and excitement rippled through me . 
 finally ... with caden . 
 i smiled shyly up at him from my resting place , my body curled across three seats of viggo 's private jet , welcoming the abrupt turn of events with open arms . 
 fewer than twelve hours ago , i was consumed by desperation , swarmed by a dark magic , terrified of what my life would become . 
 only days ago , i was exiled in the most isolated part of the world with little hope that i would see his beautiful smile outside of distant memories ever again . 
 now i lay , alternating between unconsciousness and splendor , quietly memorizing caden 's perfect lips and scattered chestnut brown hair , still in shock that he was here , with me , on earth . 
 and he had n't tried to kill me . 
 i reached up with tentative fingers to touch the patch of gauze on my neck . 
 my body was still weak , recuperating from the loss of blood . 
 every time i tried to sit upright , purple and black swirls filled my vision and vomit blossomed into my throat . 
 damn , that psychotic rachel went down with a fight ... a vertical line formed between caden 's eyes . 
 `` hey ... talk to me . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll be okay , '' i finally whispered , grimacing as a sharp pain speared my left eardrum . 
 `` my ears are popping . '' 
 as if in response , the jet 's engine rumbled loudly , signaling a distinct shift in speed and altitude . 
 caden leaned down to plant a chaste kiss on my cheek . 
 `` we 'll be landing soon , '' he murmured softly in my good ear , nuzzling his nose against my lobe , sending shivers to the tips of my toes . 
 i curled my hand around caden 's broad shoulder as leverage to pull myself up , hoping i could handle the vertical position for more than ten seconds without vomiting or passing out . 
 `` has she told us where we 're going yet ? '' 
 i slid my feet off the seat to touch the floor next to max . 
 the werebeast was stretched out on the floor , by my side . 
 `` no , she has n't , '' sofie answered for him in her silky french accent , smoothly swooping in to take the now-vacant spot next to me . 
 she stared fixedly at my neck wound , as if she could see through the bandage with x-ray vision . 
 i would n't be surprised if half my neck was missing , recalling the viciousness of rachel 's bite . 
 worse , sofie could n't heal me . 
 it had something to do with the tribe 's magic that coursed through my veins . 
 toxic magic-poisonous to vampires , counteractive to witch magic . 
 technically , my body was now a weapon . 
 an impermeable contaminated weapon that could n't be healed and could not be turned into an immortal . 
 at least the poison was contained ... either way , i could tell by the angry glint in sofie 's eyes that her not being able to fix me was driving her insane . 
 for eighteen years , she had lingered quietly in the shadows-guarding over me , plotting and scheming against any potential threats to my being . 
 my own slightly overbearing maternal vampire sorceress . 
 arguably , her involvement in my life had caused more harm than good . 
 she did n't intend for any of it , i knew that . 
 and though she had cursed me , she had tested every limit to protect me since then . 
 i could be angry with her for all of this . 
 i could despise her . 
 but then i would n't have met caden ... `` are you going to tell us soon ? '' 
 i pressed , though it did n't matter where we were going , i thought , as i gave caden 's hand a tight squeeze . 
 he was with me . 
 for today , for tomorrow , for however long before the impending war and my certain death if i could n't rid myself of this magic ... i heaved a resigned sigh . 
 it had n't sunk in yet ... sofie 's full red lips pressed together tightly as she stared off , deep in thought , as if she had reconciled herself to a decision but was not pleased with it . 
 `` we do have somewhere safe to go ... right ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 now that it was clear the sentinel and the witches had aligned for the destruction of the vampire species , `` somewhere safe '' might not exist . 
 sofie sighed and nodded reluctantly . 
 `` yes , there is one place that should be fairly safe , though ... it 's not the best place to go . 
 it 's not comfortable . 
 i just do n't ... '' `` paris ! '' 
 viggo cut in , sounding annoyed by sofie 's waffling . 
 `` the outskirts of it . '' 
 i looked to where the two-thousand-year-old vampire sat cross-legged in a row of seats behind me , his suit perfectly pressed , his expression unruffled . 
 a small wooden box rested on his lap , held casually in his manicured grasp . 
 there was nothing casual about it , though . 
 that box held veronique 's pendant , my noose until not long ago , and the key to her release . 
 viggo would take this plane and everyone down with him before parting with it again . 
 viggo 's unsettling icy blue eyes analyzed me , scrutinized my face . 
 he was likely trying to read my emotions . 
 vampires could do that . 
 when used on a human , it bordered on mind-reading , made easier when the subject was a human who wears her emotions like an apron-as i tended to do . 
 i fought against the urge to flinch under his gaze . 
 so unfriendly , so cold . 
 not surprising . 
 he was a psychopath , after all . 
 less than a day ago , he would gladly have killed me to get what he wanted . 
 in fact , that was his plan . 
 now , though , for the first time in a long time , he was n't trying to kill me . 
 he had basically ignored me since i 'd woken up in his jet . 
 i was more than fine with that . 
 `` what 's in paris ? '' 
 i forced out the question and self-consciously smoothed out my sweater and jeans , silently thanking amelie for switching clothes with me earlier . 
 even cocooned within a navy wool blanket , i was constantly fidgeting , checking to see that i was n't exposing myself to viggo and mortimer . 
 after an hour of watching me fret , amelie had all but dragged me back to the jet 's only bedroom to swap clothes , insisting i was a prude . 
 of course the risque tribal outfit did n't bother her . 
 she could strut unfazed down a catwalk in front of a million gawkers in nothing but a thin layer of mud . 
 and upon her return to the main cabin , she certainly did strut ... all the way back to julian 's side . 
 other than an occasional furtive glance down at a smattering of my dried blood on the material , amelie was too busy fawning over him to mind wearing what was hardly more than a chewed-up bikini . 
 julian certainly did n't mind the outfit switch . 
 he did n't mind anything about amelie , including the fact that she was a vampire . 
 julian , my partner-in-exile who hated vampires , was twisted into amorous knots over amelie . 
 julian , the secret sentinel spy who would be skinned alive if anyone on board discovered his dirty little secret , was busy fumbling with amelie 's springy blond curls and giving her googly eyes . 
 but julian was in rough shape , still healing from ursula 's attack . 
 he would be dead if not for the tribe 's crazy body-burning voodoo magic . 
 unfortunately for him , that same tribe magic that saved him from dying now kept sofie from healing him . 
 he was just like me . 
 but in his few bouts of consciousness , while he stared up at amelie as if she were an angel descending from the heavens , whose sole purpose was to rescue him , anyone could see he was fully enamored . 
 i could see it in his eyes , in his smile , in the way his fingers cautiously grazed her hand . 
 it was like watching longtime friends who had just discovered their love for each other , though they had only met hours ago . 
 but julian had a secret and i was the only one who knew . 
 he was the enemy . 
 the people 's sentinel spy , marked by them to collect information on viggo and mortimer . 
 he said it meant nothing , but i did n't know if i could believe him . 
 i discovered it back in the tribe 's camp , when he was left with me , his body scarcely covered with a blanket . 
 the telltale curved cross tattoo on his butt told me immediately who he was . 
 how could i forget ? 
 the sentinel had already tried to kill me once . 
 the mark was firmly emblazoned on my mind . 
 and now amelie , my other best friend , the one who had waited seven hundred years in a humanless hell to find another boyfriend after accidentally killing her own , was falling fast and hard for julian , and there was nothing i could do . 
 say anything and it was a death sentence for him and heartbreak for her . 
 i did n't want to be the one to deliver either of those verdicts . 
 so i averted my eyes and tried not to think about it for fear of someone reading my mood and figuring it out . 
 how on earth they had n't yet was beyond me ... it was only a matter of time . 
 `` do you have a house there ? '' 
 i asked sofie , eager for a distraction . 
 it would make sense if she did , being parisian . 
 `` i used to , '' she answered cryptically . 
 `` i still do n't understand why we 're not heading back to new york to blow those miserable witches to smithereens , '' viggo said in his casually suggestive tone . 
 `` it would be such a shame for that beautiful home , but it 's replaceable . 
 a much faster resolution , if you ask me . '' 
 `` and you 've proven yourself to have wise judgment time and time again , '' mage answered from her corner of the plane , in her typically tranquil voice . 
 i instinctively shrunk against caden 's chest as i felt her cold , almond-shaped orbs shift to me . 
 i still did n't understand why sofie trusted her now . 
 `` it 's too risky to veronique , even if she 's in a statue , '' sofie agreed with a warning tone . 
 oh no ... dirty little secret number two . 
 my stomach tightened as visions of the fifth avenue mansion engulfed in flames swarmed my mind . 
 not too risky , sofie . 
 deadly . 
 a hundred and twenty years ago , sofie magically encased her sister in a white marble statue , frozen in time until she could fix the vampire venom issue she had created with her magic . 
 the plan was to release veronique once it was solved so she could choose who she 'd spend her eternal life with-viggo or mortimer . 
 little did they know , the protective marble walls of that statue came crumbling down when the tribe chief used his magic to free me from the pendant 's curse . 
 i do n't know how or why . 
 it had something to do with our hearts being linked because of the causal enchantment sofie cast . 
 it did n't matter . 
 what mattered was that veronique had been released from her protective cocoon and was now in the clutches of our enemies . 
 no one except caden and i knew . 
 i pumped caden 's hand once in a nervous gesture . 
 his responding squeeze pulsed serenity through me . 
 with every fiber of my being , i knew we had to keep that knowledge buried . 
 if viggo , mortimer , or sofie found out , blowing up a square block of manhattan would be the least of our problems . 
 from what caden had told me earlier , that retaliation was exactly what could spark the end of the world . 
 `` well , there 's no reason we need to go to france . 
 north america has enough cover for us , '' viggo muttered sullenly . 
 `` you know why , and you agreed to go along without complaint , remember ? '' 
 sofie answered through clenched teeth . 
 viggo had that effect on her . 
 a permanent effect . 
 `` yes , i recall . 
 on penalty of death ... and i warned you we 'd be better off creating our own group of young followers than trusting her , '' viggo pressed . 
 her ? 
 who is he talking about ? 
 what are they conspiring over now ? 
 i looked at caden but he shook his head . 
 not now , he was saying . 
 `` we do n't have time to babysit a bunch of blood-crazed babies ! '' 
 sofie spat back . 
 `` this could spiral down in months ! 
 weeks ! 
 days ! 
 we have no idea what they 're planning ... '' `` that 's exactly how the mess in our world began , '' mage added in a low , steady voice . 
 `` one trigger , one attack , and our fate spiraled out of control . 
 are you trying to end this world faster , viggo ? '' 
 viggo sniffed but otherwise remained silent , moping . 
 his words finally clicked in my mind . 
 young followers . 
 viggo 's strategy was to create an army of vampires to fight against the witches . 
 now i understood . 
 i watched viggo and sofie share a silent look . 
 tension sat heavy in the air , as thick as smog . 
 i did n't know what was going on , why viggo was here , why sofie trusted him , why viggo seemed compliant to sofie . 
 viggo , compliant ? 
 and what was that `` penalty of death '' comment ? 
 sofie was always threatening viggo with death . 
 what made him listen this time ? 
 it seemed that sofie had somehow appropriated the role of leader now , instead of ceaseless rival and combatant . 
 i figured it had something to do with her continued control over veronique 's situation , being the only one who could release her . 
 but still , this was beyond bizarre ... how long had i been unconscious for ? 
 amelie broke the pending conflict with her sweet , excited voice . 
 `` we had a city named paris . 
 it had the best shopping and nightlife and ... '' her eyes twinkled with delight as she reminisced , her cheeks crinkling in a large smile . 
 but then something dawned on her and her voice trailed off . 
 `` i guess they 'd be the same paris , right ? '' 
 mage offered amelie an apologetic smile and a slight nod . 
 i had caught little bits of how the ancient council leader had compelled them all to believe it was a different world by the name of ratheus . 
 it was n't , though . 
 it was earth in an alternate universe . 
 same paris , same world , same doom . 
 and i would be an instrumental part of making it happen again . 
 that fact burdened me like a concrete block on my shoulders in the bottom of a lake . 
 all i wanted was caden , my friends , and a life without the handcuffs of this curse . 
 was that too much to ask ? 
 i 'd already lost so much . 
 part of my childhood , my mother ... a soft finger running along my bottom lip drew my attention to caden . 
 beautiful , sweet , thoughtful caden ... i had him ... had i known what my choices could spark , would i have chosen differently ? 
 would i have left him in ratheus ? 
 deep down in my heart , though i abhorred admitting it to myself and could never confess it to anyone else , the answer was no . 
 and now my selfishness could lead to the demise of the world . 
 mortimer 's booming voice yanked me from my silent torment . 
 `` we 're not going there to frolic about , amelie . '' 
 the dark , brooding vampire had remained the silent observer in the entire exchange between his rival and his redheaded nemesis . 
 in fact , he had remained in a corner , silent , for most of the flight . 
 amelie scowled at mortimer 's brusque reminder . 
 she turned away from him , seemingly disgusted , to peer down at a dozing julian . 
 the scowl instantly disappeared , replaced by a grin of unabated adoration . 
 a grin that slid into my heart like a long , thin needle . 
 so glad to be back with mr. chuckles , max grumbled in my head , no doubt referring to his previous master . 
 with a sigh , i smiled and leaned down to give the giant werebeast 's thick neck a squeeze . 
 my guardian , my sanity , my friend , all in the form of an immortal canine who could communicate telepathically and had n't left my side in over a month , risking his safety for me countless times , saving me from death more than once . 
 it was because of him that i had survived for this long . 
 max , sofie , julian , leo ... all of them had played a hand . 
 but not everyone had been so lucky ... with reluctance , i peered over to where bishop sat huddled in a ball . 
 i choked back a sob for the hundredth time . 
 his angular cheekbone rested against the window as he stared out vacantly , a million miles away . 
 or at least a few thousand , back in manhattan where his true love lay , charred in a heap of ash . 
 he had watched fiona burn , struck down by the witches , unable to do anything to stop it , and now he was lost . 
 he had n't spoken a word since . 
 he refused all offers of blood with nothing more than a growl . 
 my heart ached every time i looked over at him , hoping this was all a mistake , hoping that i 'd see fiona 's violet eyes twinkling back at us . 
 but i had seen those eyes firsthand , and they were no longer twinkling . 
 she was never coming back . 
 we had lost julian 's sister , valentina , as well as my dear grandfatherly guardian leo , in the mountains . 
 fiona in manhattan ... so many and the war had n't even begun . 
 who would be next ? 
 the plane 's lights flashed and reflected off the bed of clouds as our plane cut through . 
 `` fifteen more minutes , '' sofie whispered . 
 i could n't help but sense trepidation in her voice . 
 weird . 
 sofie was normally so good at hiding her unease . 
 suddenly , mage and sofie vanished from their seats . 
 they reappeared in bishop 's corner opposite each other , bishop sandwiched in the middle . 
 sofie loomed in front of him , mage behind . 
 bishop 's cold charcoal eyes narrowed suspiciously as they raised to meet sofie 's . 
 she met his look with one of intense determination and i saw recognition flitter on his face , his expression and posture changing to that of a caged animal , ready to spring . 
 wild eyes darted around the cabin as if searching for an escape route . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i whispered to caden , gripping his muscular forearm tightly . 
 too tightly probably but , then again , i could n't hurt him . 
 caden pulled me closer until my back was pressed up against his chest , but he said nothing . 
 amelie mimicked the protective position with julian , now conscious and sitting up wide-eyed and confused . 
 sofie 's lips began moving subtly , inaudibly . 
 her hands rose , her fingertips spread apart . 
 a deep growl of protest escaped bishop 's sullen mouth . 
 mage instantly pounced on him , one delicate arm wrapped around his neck in a headlock while the other pushed down on his shoulder . 
 bishop fought back , his tall lean body thrashing from side to side , attempting to twist out of mage 's grasp . 
 her knuckles whitened as her fingers dug into his collarbone . 
 and then bishop stopped moving . 
 mage backed away , freeing him to run . 
 he did n't . 
 he was stationary . 
 not a twitch of a finger , not a shift of a foot . 
 nothing but his pupils rolling over the cabin . 
 instantly , i knew what had happened . 
 `` a spell , '' caden whispered , echoing my bewildered thoughts . 
 `` but ... why ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 he 's not going to hurt us ! '' 
 i said . 
 with strong , forceful hands , caden gripped my arms and turned me around to face him . 
 he gently caressed my cheekbone with a single finger . 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong , '' he answered softly . 
 a shiver ran down my spine . 
 `` bishop has only one thing on his mind , evangeline ... revenge . 
 he 's been eyeing that emergency exit since sofie announced we were n't going back to new york . '' 
 i frowned , shaking my head . 
 i had n't noticed . 
 but ... that did n't make sense . 
 `` he could have done a swan dive from thirty-thousand feet and survived , so why wait ? '' 
 i argued . 
 `` you . 
 you stopped him . '' 
 my face pinched , my confusion deepening . 
 `` if he broke the seal of the door up here , we would lose cabin pressure and the plane would crash . 
 you would n't survive . 
 he knows that , '' caden explained , squeezing my shoulders . 
 `` but i 'm sure he was planning on bolting the second he thought it was safe enough . '' 
 `` and we ca n't have him doing that , '' sofie interrupted , taking her place beside me once again . 
 she smiled sympathetically . 
 `` we do n't know what is waiting for us in manhattan . 
 there 's an army of witches there , armed with merth . 
 the last thing we need is bishop starting a one-man war with them on the streets of new york . 
 he 'd get himself killed . '' 
 bishop , dead ? 
 no ... but this ? 
 i looked over at him , our broken friend , sitting upright , his hands folded on his lap , as if his body were bound by cords of rope . 
 invisible magic rope . 
 was n't there another option ? 
 `` i know you do n't like it . 
 i do n't like doing it , either , '' sofie went on as if reading my mind , which i 'm sure she likely was doing . 
 she offered a reassuring pat on my knee . 
 i looked over at bishop again and sucked in a deep breath as his eyes fixed on me , raw pain screaming , begging for relief . 
 begging for freedom from his internal agony as we sat here , plotting ... `` how long does he have to stay like that ? '' 
 i asked in a pained voice , feeling like a wolverine had taken up residence inside me and was tearing apart my insides . 
 sofie 's brow furrowed deeply as she squeezed my knee again . 
 `` until i figure out something better . 
 it does n't hurt , i promise . 
 the spell works like a live current . 
 if i break it to cast another powerful spell , or because i 'm injured , which happens frequently , '' she gave viggo a sidelong glare , `` the binding will fall apart . 
 it 's not ideal . '' 
 like the spell ursula had used on max and his brothers , back in the mountains . 
 julian attacked her-his sister , possessed by a vengeful witch-with antlers in order to break the binding and save us . 
 with one last forlorn look at bishop , i took a deep breath , forcing myself to be practical . 
 sofie was only doing what was best for bishop and for the rest of the world . 
 she was right . 
 we needed to protect him from himself . 
 another stabbing pain jetted through my eardrum , signaling further descent . 
 `` you have n't told me where we 're going yet , sofie . '' 
 her smile was both sad and contented . 
 `` home . '' 
 *** `` this is home ? '' 
 i asked as we passed through a set of swirly iron gates , anchored in a solid-looking , ten-foot brick wall . 
 all nine of us , plus max , were crammed into a giant black suv limousine resembling a tank . 
 sofie did n't acknowledge me , her focus fixed elsewhere , a bittersweet gleam glean in her eyes . 
 she was miles away . 
 years ago , in a former life . 
 i peered out the window as our vehicle snaked along the winding road , taking in acres of rolling snow-blanketed hills , speckled with stately trees , illuminated by the half-moon that cast a spotlight over the silent , sleeping night . 
 ahead and to our right was a clearing of pristine snow , a large dip at its center . 
 a frozen pond , perhaps . 
 for some reason , i imagined a tiny redheaded girl splashing around in it during the summer , smiling , happy , free . 
 `` look up there , '' caden whispered , pulling me closer to him . 
 i leaned over until his cheek was only inches from mine . 
 he had n't let go of me since the moment we stepped off the plane , as if determined to be physically attached to me at all times , something i was more than willing to permit . 
 i followed his pointed finger to a mesmerizing sea of white lights lining the road . 
 hundreds of thousands of twinkling lights , coiled like snakes around naked tree branches . 
 `` christmas lights , '' i whispered breathlessly . 
 it was almost christmas , an event i had completely forgotten about given the circumstances . 
 as we got closer , the trees convened above the drive , creating a spectacular half-mile-long tunnel of glittering lights . 
 i gazed up in awe , speechless . 
 `` pretty , is n't it ? '' 
 sofie murmured . 
 `` i have someone put up lights every year , even though i do n't come here anymore ... '' `` pretty does n't cut it . '' 
 `` we should have known you 'd kept this place , '' mortimer grumbled , though with a touch of admiration in his voice . 
 `` you buried your trail well . 
 even i could n't find your fingerprints when i looked into it . '' 
 sofie answered with a smile . 
 `` and are n't you happy i did ? 
 it 's been so long since ... '' her voice drifted off for a moment . 
 since what ? 
 `` no one will link it with us . 
 at least not in the immediate future . '' 
 i inhaled another sharp breath as our vehicle crested over a small hill to reveal an enormous stone-covered castle with three stories of windows and a dozen chimneys . 
 spiraling turrets jutted out of the steep roofs , interspersed with evenly spaced oval dormers . 
 the place oozed of history-hundreds of years of it-and yet was pristinely maintained as if only recently built . 
 `` did you grow up here , sofie ? '' 
 i asked , a mixture of awe and excitement that i may finally be sneaking a glimpse of sofie 's human past . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , but i did spend an awful lot of time here at one point in my life . '' 
 again , that forlorn tone that sofie normally hid so well glinted through in her words . 
 the circular drive wrapped around a fountain and sleeping garden . 
 with the wheels coming to a squeaking stop , caden cracked open the door . 
 crisp winter air swirled in , enveloping me . 
 i shivered . 
 finally ! 
 max 's massive body shoved us out of the way as he leapt out of the truck with the agility of a house cat instead of a three-hundred-pound werebeast . 
 he stretched his long legs before prancing toward the front door . 
 i followed him out of the truck , my leather boots-another swap from amelie-landing softly in the freshly fallen snow . 
 sofie was already out and gazing up at one of the windows , a nostalgic smile on her plump , always-red lips . 
 `` how long has it been since you 've been back here ? '' 
 i asked , my arms hugging my ill-dressed body against the cold . 
 `` too long , '' was all she said , so softly , and then i watched her walk toward the grand carved mahogany doors . 
 fingers cupped my elbow . 
 `` come on , let 's get inside . '' 
 caden pulled me snug against his broad chest . 
 `` your temperature 's dropping . '' 
 as usual , caden was ever in tune with my body . 
 i felt my cheeks redden , even in the wintry cold . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'd expected , entering this uninhabited estate . 
 not comfortable , sofie had said . 
 she 'd made it sound like no one had stepped into it in a hundred years . 
 perhaps cavernous , vacant rooms with dust lingering in the air and white sheets cloaking antique , scratchy armchairs . 
 maybe a mouse or two scurrying past , unimpressed with our invasion . 
 but stepping into the foyer was like being transported into a glamorous old world-one of warmth and comfort and elegance . 
 of sofie . 
 `` i would n't let this place fall apart , '' sofie mused without prompting , her sharp heels echoing through the entrance as she stepped across the mosaic-patterned tile of cream and white marble . 
 `` i called ahead to ensure it was ready . '' 
 a grand staircase stretched out directly ahead of us , lined with burgundy and gold-trimmed carpet , illuminated by a gigantic chandelier , complete with tiers and crystals . 
 halfway up , the staircase split off in two different directions . 
 it would easily hold my entire high school graduation class on it . 
 i 'd never seen anything so large in my life , outside of movies . 
 i watched the stairs expectedly , waiting for a princess to make a grand entrance , complete with tiara and ball gown . 
 two identical hallways reached out endlessly from my left and my right , each dimly lit with wall sconces and adorned with molding and artwork as far as the eye could see . 
 viggo and the others stepped in behind us , stomping snow off their boots . 
 mortimer carried an immobile bishop over one shoulder . 
 he dropped him to the ground , propping him up against a wall . 
 amelie stalked in barefoot , julian 's arm hanging over her shoulder for support . 
 `` nice , '' they said in unison . 
 julian 's mouth stretched into a wide grin and amelie erupted in giggles . 
 i feel like i 'm watching a teen b-movie , max muttered , not impressed with their adolescent love-struck silliness . 
 `` allo ? '' 
 sofie called out expectedly . 
 `` allo ! '' 
 i heard shuffling from the right hall and turned to see four women and two men appear in a processional , rambling in their native french . 
 the staff , based on their formal matching black-and-white uniforms . 
 `` bonjour , '' sofie greeted graciously . 
 hello , that much i understood . 
 then she rattled off a slew of sentences in that beautiful parisian french dialect . 
 i could n't understand a word , but i did n't mind . 
 between the mountain yetis ' muttering and the tribe 's guttural grunts and groans , i was used to not understanding anything . 
 i 'd take sofie 's french any day . 
 satisfied with whatever they 'd discussed , sofie clapped her hands together . 
 `` bon ! '' 
 she turned back to us , gesturing to the portly middle-aged lady to my right . 
 `` gabriella here is the head of the house . 
 she will help you with anything you need . 
 evangeline , your room has been prepared . 
 it 's upstairs , the seventh door on the left . 
 your room adjoins with mine . 
 you 've suffered quite an ordeal . 
 make sure you get lots of rest . '' 
 her cool eyes darted to caden and then back to me . 
 i nodded , my cheeks flushing , knowing what she was implying . 
 part of me bloomed with warmth over her maternal tendencies . 
 no one had shown concern for me since my own mother died five years earlier . 
 the other part bristled with annoyance . 
 seriously ? 
 i 'm eighteen , i have n't seen caden in a month , and the end of the world is coming ! 
 `` sofie , '' mage called out , her focus drifting to the staff . 
 `` perhaps it would be a good idea to check for double agents ? '' 
 double agents . 
 the people 's sentinel with their markings hidden instead of brazenly displayed on the inside of their thumbs ... my breath caught . 
 julian . 
 sofie frowned . 
 `` there 's no way ... they do n't know about this place . '' 
 she dismissed mage 's insinuation . 
 yes , thank you , sofie . 
 but then an acknowledging look passed over sofie 's face . 
 `` you know what ? 
 you 're right . 
 no chances . '' 
 a bolt of panic shot up my spine . 
 if they decided to check everyone ... they might . 
 if they 're being that cautious over the staff , why not with the rest of us ? 
 trying not to move my head , my eyes strained to the left to catch julian 's face . 
 he was still pale from his injury ; however , i was sure his face had paled a shade or two more . 
 damn these vampires and their suspicious nature ! 
 i took a few calming breaths as sofie began naming off potential threats , using her fingers to count , trying to calm myself before my emotions gave julian 's secret away . 
 `` so we should check these six ... the two in the kitchen ... '' not julian . 
 please ! '' 
 ... the one groundskeeper ... '' please do n't ... `` how are you going to check them ? '' 
 i blurted out , staring at the staff who waited silently , not a shred of wariness on their faces . 
 i do n't think any of them spoke english . 
 thank goodness . 
 sofie stared back at me with an amused expression and when she spoke , it was as if she were talking to a child . 
 `` there 's only one way , evangeline ... '' `` but ... , '' i stammered , stalling , `` where do they put the tattoos ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know , but if they 're there , we 'll find them . '' 
 full-on strip search . 
 my cheeks flushed . 
 `` evangeline , are you all right ? '' 
 mage asked , peering at me curiously . 
 `` yes , i ... uh ... '' they know , they can smell it on me . 
 i 'm a walking calamity ! 
 i leak secrets ! 
 `` it 's just embarrassing for them , that 's all , '' i explained , working hard to suppress my rising panic . 
 in truth , i had no interest in watching an eight-act strip show of the staff . 
 more , though , i had no interest in watching julian dismembered . 
 `` oh , do n't worry . 
 we 'll compel them . 
 none of them will remember a thing , '' sofie said reassuringly , her eyes twinkling , her lips pursed as if ready to burst out laughing . 
 `` but ... ca n't you just read their mood to see if they 're lying ? '' 
 mage shook her head . 
 `` back on ratheus , the witches figured out how to mask that truth in some of their spies . 
 i do n't know how , but we must assume the same is possible here . '' 
 `` you do n't need to be here for this if it 's that uncomfortable , '' caden offered . 
 `` we could go upstairs . '' 
 oh , my dear sweet caden ! 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i exclaimed a little too loudly , seeing our opportunity for escape . 
 i peeled away from caden without a second thought , darting forward to lock onto julian 's arm , my fingers digging into his forearm , one hand grabbing his and squeezing it reassuringly . 
 `` we 'll be upstairs if you need us . '' 
 i began tugging julian with me before anyone could speak , rushing up the steps . 
 please leave him alone . 
 please forget about checking him . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 my body stiffened at the sound of sofie 's voice , and i knew julian 's body was as rigid as mine . 
 we turned in unison , slowly . 
 sofie 's focus was on julian . 
 oh god , oh no ... `` your room is across from evangeline 's , julian . '' 
 i fought to stifle the sigh of relief . 
 `` thank you , '' julian mumbled . 
 i glanced over at caden to see him watching us intently , his eyes narrowing slightly as they drifted over my hand . 
 the one in julian 's . 
 did this bother him ? 
 no , i dismissed it . 
 he had nothing to worry about . 
 julian was like a brother to me . 
 `` caden and amelie , i could use your help . '' 
 sofie 's request broke the attention on julian and me . 
 `` amelie and mage , please take the ladies . 
 caden , mortimer , please take the men . 
 max , gabriella , put fresh steaks on the kitchen counter . '' 
 max would n't argue with that . 
 he had starved over the last month , first refusing to leave me to hunt in the mountains and then not permitted to hunt by the tribe on account of him taking food away from their precious tigers . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 viggo asked with mock innocence , eyeing a young , brunette maid of no more than twenty-five . 
 my stomach twisted in knots for the girl . 
 sofie snorted . 
 `` you take care of the blood supply . 
 i do n't want anyone running short on blood with humans around . '' 
 she turned and started down the hall to the left , but stopped and threw back , `` a bagged blood supply , please . '' 
 no killing , she was warning him . 
 viggo responded with a sigh of exasperation . 
 `` always the drag , you red heathen ... and what will you be doing , pray i ask ? '' 
 `` checking on a few things , '' she answered vaguely as she walked away with long , quick strides , not turning back once . 
 i took this as my chance to scurry up the stairs , towing julian the entire way , hearing mage croon behind me in french , `` mademoiselles et messieurs , avec moi , s ` il vous plait , '' of course she speaks french . 
 she knows everything ... julian and i had n't uttered two words to each other since being rescued . 
 i did n't know what to say to him , given his secret identity . 
 he was the enemy . 
 the enemy who had saved me but the enemy who this group of vampires would tear to pieces if they found out . 
 and amelie ... she may as well be fused to him , as smitten as she was . 
 i recalled caden once saying that vampire emotions were instantaneous and powerful . 
 i was now witnessing it firsthand . 
 i 'd also have to witness the crushing after-effects when amelie discovered what julian was , when she 'd need to detach herself from a corpse . 
 my insides churned with the thought . 
 this secret was better left hidden , and he needed to be reminded of that . 
 `` slow down ! '' 
 julian hobbled alongside me , slightly hunched . 
 `` here we are , '' i stated , dropping his hand as we arrived in front of the seventh door . 
 i turned , adding in a low hiss , `` you 'd better be careful . 
 do you know what will happen if they find out ? '' 
 `` i know ! 
 i know ! 
 i ... '' julian paused , swallowing hard , desperation on his face . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , eve . 
 amelie , though ... '' a crooked smile crept over his mouth . 
 `` she 's amazing . '' 
 `` more your type ? '' 
 i spat back , crossing my arms over my chest . 
 why did i just say that ? 
 why ? 
 i sounded like a jealous freak and i was n't even interested in julian . 
 in fact , if he were n't a sentinel spy , i 'd be ecstatic for my two best friends hooking up ! 
 i took a deep calming breath and adjusted my tone . 
 `` well , she 's amazing at killing boyfriends too . 
 you would n't be the first . 
 you 're as good as dead if she finds out . 
 it will break her heart ... plus , what if caden finds out ? '' 
 my head was already shaking back and forth . 
 `` if she does n't kill you , he will ! '' 
 julian pushed a dark lock of hair off his forehead , his mouth twisted in frustration . 
 `` maybe i should just tell her , '' he grumbled with resignation . 
 `` would n't it be better if i told her ? 
 you know , a fresh start . 
 it does n't mean anything ... not anymore . '' 
 `` no ! 
 do n't you say a word ! '' 
 i grabbed hold of his wrist . 
 he winced and i realized my nails were digging into his flesh . 
 i do n't care , i told myself . 
 some nail marks would be the least of his worries if his principles won out . 
 i could n't deal with another death over his sudden onset of conscience . 
 `` not yet . 
 do n't tell her . 
 i 'm not telling caden . 
 do n't say anything until i have time to think . '' 
 i sighed , a heavy wave of fatigue making my legs wobbly . 
 `` just try and keep your pants on , will you ? '' 
 i threw out sarcastically as i turned toward my door . 
 a glimpse of brown hair caught my eye . 
 for a moment , i was sure i saw caden . 
 but when i turned back , the hall was empty . 
 *** half my neck was n't missing but i 'd definitely have a scar . 
 i studied my reflection in the mirror of the en suite bathroom . 
 someone had closed up the puncture wounds with a few stitches while i was unconscious . 
 all that was left were tidy lines of black thread and a disturbing memory . 
 i wondered which vampire managed the torturous task . 
 probably mage . 
 taking a damp , white face cloth to the area , i gently dabbed away the dried blood , careful not to snag the threads and reopen the gashes . 
 a part of me could n't help but feel bitter . 
 i had been so close ... so close to no longer being human , to rachel giving me an eternal life with caden . 
 but then another wrench was thrown in , another spell . 
 a new curse . 
 now it was n't jewelry around my neck , but a poison coursing through my veins . 
 i had no one to blame but myself . 
 no one forced me onto that plank of wood . 
 i did that all on my own ... for my own needs . 
 look where it got me ! 
 gritting my teeth , i examined my hands , my limbs , my torso , looking for signs that this poison existed . 
 but i saw nothing out of the ordinary . 
 nothing that suggested i could n't be turned . 
 maybe it would wear off ? 
 if not ... no . 
 i could n't think like that . 
 sofie would figure it out . 
 sofie had to figure it out ... i sighed . 
 at least rachel was dead . 
 i had watched her burn . 
 and ursula was dead too . 
 my two greatest enemies , gone . 
 aside from viggo , of course . 
 now that he had veronique 's pendant , i was nothing more than a bothersome gnat . 
 not even that . 
 i was a waste of effort . 
 that brought me some small comfort . 
 and mortimer ? 
 i had all but forgotten about the threat from him . 
 no , mortimer would n't be a danger to me anymore . 
 not after he had killed rachel to save me . 
 now all i had to worry about was a war that would obliterate mankind . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i yelped when sofie 's sudden voice , though soft , startled the daylights out of me . 
 `` sorry , '' she crooned , placing her hands on my shoulders as she peered into the mirror . 
 dainty , gentle , motherly hands ... a killer 's hands . 
 `` did you discover any secret sentinel spies ? '' 
 i cleared my throat . 
 do n't think about julian . 
 do n't think about julian . 
 sofie smiled , shaking her head . 
 `` no , as i suspected , they checked out . 
 we 'll just have to search all humans that we involve from now on . 
 it 's not pleasant for anyone , believe me . '' 
 she yanked my shoulders , spinning me around to steer me back into the main bedroom . 
 `` how do you like it here ? '' 
 she asked , her gaze drifting over the walls and the bed . 
 `` it 's beautiful . 
 and surprisingly homey . '' 
 dark eggplant walls and dove-gray moldings created a lovely backdrop for the modern cream-colored furniture and rich satin mauve bedding . 
 the room was n't overly large but its ceilings sprawled to double-story heights , making it feel cavernous . 
 `` my sister used to stay here sometimes , when she visited me . 
 she stayed in this room . 
 of course , i 've fully renovated it , put in plumbing , modernized it ... '' sofie went on but my thoughts drifted off as she spoke , thoughts of that sister who now sat in the clutches of the enemy , unknown to sofie , hidden by me . 
 or worse , they may have killed her already . 
 what would happen when sofie found out ? 
 stupid question . 
 i knew exactly what would happen . 
 she 'd launch an assault on fifth avenue to rival a nuclear bomb and start a war . 
 we could n't risk that . 
 but how angry would she be that i had n't warned her , that i could have stopped veronique 's death by telling her right away ? 
 `` evangeline ? '' 
 a sharp edge to sofie 's voice brought me back . 
 i looked into her green eyes to see them narrowed suspiciously . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 swallowing a lump of guilt , i shook my head fervently . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 how much longer can i hide all this ? 
 stop thinking about it , stupid ! 
 stop ! 
 think about something else ! 
 kittens and clowns ... kittens and clowns ... caden ... anything ... sofie cut into my mental mantra . 
 `` it 's strange ... ever since the tribe 's magic touched you , i ca n't read you in the same way . '' 
 what ? 
 my heart stopped for just a second . 
 `` what ... what do you mean ? 
 i 'm not an open book to you anymore ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 a glimmer of hope sparked . 
 maybe i could keep these secrets hidden after all ! 
 i bit my bottom lip hard , trying not to look too excited by this news . 
 sofie 's head cocked to the side as she studied me . 
 `` i can still sense your emotions , but they 're not translatable anymore . 
 they 're all a jumbled , muted mess of constant nervousness , fear , guilt ... i do n't know what 's going on inside you anymore except whatever it is , it feels like it 's tearing you apart . '' 
 my shoulders dropped with relief . 
 the rod of rigidity in my back eased free , leaving my body limber . 
 before i could stop myself , a relieved sigh escaped my lips . 
 sofie 's shrewd eyes remained glued on me , narrowing more . 
 `` you 're hiding something , '' she stated , stepping forward until she stood a foot away . 
 `` and you 're afraid i 'll dig it out of you . '' 
 another statement . 
 i clenched my teeth to keep from talking so i had time to think . 
 there was no point denying it . 
 that would only make it worse , make her more suspicious . 
 but what reasoning could i give for this tornado of emotion inside me ? 
 i focused on the rich dark hardwood flooring , nodding slowly , scrambling for an answer . 
 anything . 
 a lie . 
 a small truth . 
 anything but what i was truly hiding . 
 not one but two colossal secrets . 
 `` you 're allowed to have secrets , evangeline , '' sofie whispered softly , her hands landing once again on my shoulders . 
 `` even from me . 
 just be wise about them . 
 ask yourself if you 're better off telling me , so i can protect you . 
 if me knowing does n't matter , then you can keep them to yourself until you 're ready to talk . '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded again . 
 that was an easy answer . 
 no , you 're definitely not better off knowing , sofie . 
 far from it . 
 the world is better off with you not knowing . 
 `` of course , with this much turmoil , it 'd be better to get things off your chest , '' she added casually . 
 i nodded but said nothing . 
 after an awkward moment , when sofie realized i would n't be spilling my guts , she gestured to the dresser . 
 `` i brought some things for you . 
 pajamas , a change of clothes , toiletries . '' 
 i looked over to see a tidy pile of newly purchased supplies . 
 or stolen , given it was eleven thirty and none of the stores sofie dared enter would be open at this hour . 
 next to the clothes sat a silver tray with various dishes and cutlery . 
 `` a warm broth , '' sofie explained and i frowned , wondering how she had brought them in without my notice . 
 `` you should work your appetite back up to something heavier . '' 
 with that , she wrapped her arms around me , enveloping me in a nurturing , warm embrace . 
 without thought , i hugged her in return . 
 i rested my chin on her shoulder , my face falling into her mane of red hair , silky against my skin . 
 i inhaled , swirls of sugar and musk and a warm summer day tickling my senses . 
 so comforting . 
 `` i missed you so , '' sofie whispered , squeezing tighter . 
 i heard the doorknob click , setting loose wild butterflies in my stomach . 
 caden ... i turned , unable to keep the grin from my face . 
 when a giant snout greeted me instead , the grin wandered off . 
 max , with his giant maw on the lever doorknob , let himself in . 
 sofie chuckled warmly , her arms sliding off me . 
 `` there 's my favorite beast . '' 
 strolling over , she clasped her hands around his head and leaned down to give him a kiss . 
 what a change from the early days when sofie gave him nothing but poisonous glares . 
 at least someone appreciates me , max grumbled , misreading my dismayed expression . 
 i instantly felt guilty . 
 i was happy to see my guardian . 
 but i was dying to see caden ... `` get some rest . 
 you 're safe here , '' sofie said . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` people have been living here for years now , so it 's not like the old abandoned chateau on the hill has suspiciously come to life , '' sofie explained , walking over to the wall near one of the windows . 
 `` i have security on the perimeter and magical tripwires set . 
 everything we need for fair warning . 
 and then , if someone does put two and two together and gets through ... '' sofie 's hand coasted up to the wall beside her to touch a piece of molding . 
 she pushed and i heard a click . 
 a piece of wall swung into darkness . 
 `` if you ever need to escape , do what i just did . 
 no one knows about it but you and me . 
 and max , now . 
 not even the staff knows . '' 
 sofie pulled the door shut . 
 `` mind you , you probably wo n't want to venture in there unless you need to . 
 it 's probably home to an army of eight-legged critters . '' 
 i shuddered at the thought , earning a soft chuckle from sofie . 
 `` the duke who owned this home , before nathan appropriated it , was a suspicious old bird . 
 he had all these secret passages and tunnels built . '' 
 a giggle escaped her perfect lips . 
 a sardonic little giggle . 
 `` funny-that 's exactly where nathan found him . 
 not much of a secret . '' 
 a far-off look skittered across her face and then she was back . 
 realization slapped me hard across the face . 
 this had been nathan 's home ! 
 of course ! 
 i 'm such an idiot ! 
 i ca n't believe i had n't realized it before . 
 no wonder sofie was reluctant to come here . 
 stepping through these halls must tear open too many old wounds for her , namely the never-healed one she acquired when she accidently killed him . 
 `` why did we come here , sofie ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` i mean , i 'm sure there was somewhere else we could 've gone . '' 
 sofie smiled sadly . 
 `` it 's as good a home base as any . 
 we need to get help , eve , and our help is in europe , so it made sense . '' 
 help ? 
 that elusive her they were discussing on the jet , no doubt . 
 who was she ? 
 and why did i sense this connection was volatile at best ? 
 so deep in thought , i did n't hear anyone else enter . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 a familiar deep voice called out , sending a thrill through my entire body like an electric shock . 
 i turned around , that same giant grin instantly on my face again . 
 caden 's hands were in his pockets , something akin to a shy look on his face . 
 `` come , max , '' sofie said , smacking the giant dog on the rump . 
 i just got here , he grumbled in my head , not budging . 
 `` i hear deer live in the woods behind us , '' she added , figuring he would be reluctant to leave . 
 like a homeless dog after a soup bone , max bolted . 
 a tiny smile touched her lips as she continued walking out . 
 when she passed caden , she reminded him , `` do n't forget ... my angel needs her rest . '' 
 he responded with a slight nod and a tight smile . 
 i surely burned like a bonfire in the night , the heat in my cheeks so intense . 
 with that , sofie abruptly disappeared , closing the door softly behind her . 
 finally ... alone with caden . 
 completely alone , on solid ground , on my home planet . 
 in a bedroom . 
 i felt heat creep up my neck as i recalled memories of the last night we spent together on ratheus . 
 with my fingertips trembling , i pushed a strand of hair back behind my ear . 
 why am i so nervous ? 
 i had suctioned myself to him on the plane ride here . 
 and now we stood facing each other like two strangers . 
 i opened my mouth to speak , and realized i had no idea what to say . 
 thankfully , caden broke into the silence . 
 `` how 's your neck ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i croaked , instinctively turning to look into the mirror on the wall , my hand reaching for the wounds again . 
 `` a little sore but - '' before my fingers could graze the stitches again , caden appeared behind me , his strong hand folding over mine and pulling it against my chest . 
 his other hand swept the locks of hair away from my neck , pulling them back until they rested over my opposite shoulder . 
 without a word , he leaned in until his mouth was an inch from the wound . 
 i watched in the mirror as his lips parted slightly . 
 a cool breeze tickled my skin . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` not right now , '' i forced out , my voice caught in a gasp . 
 `` how about now ? '' 
 he leaned in that last inch to skim my neck with his bottom lip , hardly touching and yet sending shock waves through me , deep into my belly . 
 my knees buckled . 
 i fell back against his chest . 
 pressing his body against my back , he buried his face in my hair and inhaled deeply . 
 `` i missed you so much . '' 
 i quarter turned and looked up , my nose grazing his jawline as i found a comfortable hollow in his neck to kiss . 
 `` i sort of missed you too , '' i teased . 
 `` did you now , '' he answered and folded his arms around me . 
 a crooked smirk curled across his mouth before vanishing with the briefest flash of unease . 
 `` what 's wrong ... ? '' 
 i began to say , trying to turn the rest of the way so i could face him . 
 his powerful arm held fast , keeping my back against his chest . 
 desperate to touch his face , i struggled to pull my arms free but he held me with a viselike grip . 
 a faint smile touched his lips . 
 he was enjoying this . 
 determined , i rose on my tiptoes and arched my back as best i could , enough to playfully nip at his earlobe with my teeth . 
 he released a low growl , his arms flexing , his jade eyes blazing as they stared at me through the mirror . 
 that look ... my legs turned to jelly . 
 could he read my emotions right now ? 
 i flushed , wondering if even the tribe 's poisonous magic could hide such raw desires . 
 i caressed his arm as we stood in silence , not speaking , not moving . 
 warmth flooded my body , desperate for him to let me turn around ... `` you should get ready for bed , '' he suddenly said . 
 his grip of my body loosened . 
 `` but , '' i stammered , thoroughly confused , beginning to turn on my heels . 
 `` go , '' he ushered me forward , nudging me toward the bathroom . 
 with a furrowed brow , i numbly gathered the supplies sofie brought and headed toward the bathroom , closing the door behind me . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 my tortured conscience screamed out in frustration . 
 instant paranoia set in . 
 maybe he 's not as attracted to me anymore ! 
 studying my face rather than my wound in the mirror , i realized that could be entirely possible . 
 the lighting in here was harsh but ... wow ! 
 i was a mere shadow of my regular self-my sallow , blood-drained complexion contrasted hideously with black circles around flat brown eyes . 
 with my matted , scraggly hair , i could pass for a vagrant . 
 i had n't bathed in a few days ... i lifted my arm and sniffed . 
 no wonder caden shoved me in here . 
 suddenly horrified , i knew i had to rectify this immediately . 
 `` i 'll be out in twenty ! '' 
 i yelled as i turned on the taps of the deep claw-foot soaker tub . 
 i shaved and sloughed off days of sweat , tears , and travel in borderline scalding water until my skin was as fresh and pink as a newborn 's bottom . 
 scrambling out , i quickly toweled off and then proceeded to slather on a myriad of luxurious creams found on the counter , meant to make my body silky smooth and deliciously scented-a different one for my elbows , my heels , my chest ... there ! 
 better . 
 maybe caden would be more interested now that i did n't smell like sasquatch . 
 what did `` interested '' mean , though ? 
 a ball of anxiety exploded in me . 
 what would happen if ... what was i about to walk in to ? 
 i knew he was way more experienced than i was . 
 i had been unfortunate enough to witness rachel molest him back on ratheus . 
 but if he expected more ? 
 all of it ... i stood frozen , staring at the back of the door , wondering what he was doing on the other side . 
 maybe he was already stretched out in my bed , cradling his head under linked hands , waiting for me . 
 my palms began to sweat , my mouth went dry , and the walls shifted slightly . 
 i did n't know what i was doing . 
 was i ready for this ? 
 i let out a deep sigh of exasperation . 
 get it together , evie ! 
 i could n't forget about that night back on ratheus . 
 i had n't planned for any of that , and i survived . 
 better , he did n't run the other way . 
 this was caden , after all ! 
 i 'd risk my life for him , time and time again . 
 just get dressed and get out there . 
 wringing my hands , i reached for the large plastic bag that i assumed contained pajamas . 
 you 've got ta be kidding me ... arrogant french poodles on oversized , baby blue flannel pajamas stared back at me . 
 laughing at me , i was sure . 
 i groaned . 
 leave it to sofie , who had more style than a swanky designer , to choose pajamas that would make me look like an oversized five-year-old . 
 caden would take one look at these and howl . 
 i let out another groan as i yanked them on . 
 that was probably the point ... to minimize caden 's attraction so i got my rest . 
 why did n't she just give me a potato sack ... ? 
 i reached for the door handle . 
 holding in a deep breath , i took one last long scan of myself in the mirror . 
 definitely better . 
 cleaner , fresher , less feral ... here we go ... i slowly turned the doorknob . 
 caden must have dimmed the lights because it was much darker now . 
 i squinted as i searched for him , expecting to find him stretched out on the bed . 
 he was n't there . 
 the only body there was a three-hundred-pound black beast stretched out on the rug , tending to a paw . 
 caden was gone . 
 a pang of disappointment pulled at my heart . 
 i surveyed the rest of the room , wondering if my eyes were playing tricks on me , that maybe he was hiding somewhere . 
 but he was n't . 
 the nervous excitement of only a second ago deflated , replaced with hollow disappointment . 
 wow . 
 what does a werebeast need to do to get some love around here ? 
 max grumbled . 
 `` sorry , '' i grumbled , trying to wipe the mopey look off my face . 
 `` where 'd caden go ? '' 
 dunno . 
 he ran out of here a while ago and sent me in . 
 said he had to do something . 
 i frowned . 
 what could he possibly have to do ? 
 oh , maybe feed . 
 i did n't see him with a blood bag once on the plane . 
 then a new thought slammed into me . 
 a terrifying one . 
 what if all this had nothing to do with my lack of hygiene and attractiveness ? 
 maybe i was too attractive ! 
 or , at least , my blood ... what if ... what if caden could n't control himself around me after all ? 
 a lump of worry instantly formed in my throat . 
 if sofie found out , she 'd exile me again . 
 or worse , caden could bite me ... i swallowed my panic . 
 `` did he say when he 'd be back ? '' 
 nope , max answered , disinterested in caden 's whereabouts . 
 well , at least caden was enough in control to walk away if needed , i told myself . 
 that made me feel marginally better . 
 i dragged myself over to the bed . 
 crawling in , i snuggled under the covers , weariness tugging at my eyelids . 
 `` what 's going on out there , max ? '' 
 i asked into the darkness . 
 oh , nothing much . 
 a bound-up vampire , the odd bickering between frick and frack . 
 strip searches of the wait staff ... you know , the usual for this crowd . 
 max hopped onto my bed and stretched out with a loud groan . 
 oh , yeah ... that 's right ... finally . 
 no more dirt or reed mats . 
 i snorted . 
 `` you 're such a prima donna , max . 
 do n't get too comfortable . 
 when caden comes back , you 'd better flee . 
 do n't need you breathing down my neck ... '' i curled up , wondering how long that would be . 
 2 . 
 suspicions-sofie `` i have n't exactly told her yet , '' i admitted with reluctance , pushing a lock of fiery red hair off my brow . 
 `` i do n't want to scare her until i 'm sure . 
 i 'm adequately scared for the both of us . '' 
 `` what exactly have you told her ? '' 
 mage prompted , her brow furrowed . 
 with a sigh , i explained . 
 `` i told her about her muddled emotions . 
 how we ca n't read her anymore . 
 that 's it . 
 that 's all i can tell her for certain right now . '' 
 i gazed out the panoramic window overlooking the courtyard . 
 `` did the fates not give any inkling to the consequences of the tribe 's magic ? '' 
 `` no , i created the tribe before evangeline existed . '' 
 i let out a derisive snort . 
 `` of course , i 'm sure they 're well aware . 
 they have n't bothered to enlighten me . '' 
 mage paused again , as if deciding if she should ask her next question . 
 `` and what do you suspect is happening , exactly ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to speak but the words died on my tongue before i could speak them , too horrible to fathom . 
 with a deep swallow and a slow inhale and exhale , i tried again , my brow creasing deeply . 
 `` maybe it 's some mutated form of the tribe . 
 i do n't know ... i 've never tried turning one of them . 
 i could n't , for obvious reasons . 
 but i 'd imagine they ca n't be turned . 
 evangeline 's emotions are similar to theirs-incomprehensible and scattered . 
 but she has n't taken on any of their other ... qualities . '' 
 that last word came out with biting disgust . 
 inside , i was screaming . 
 no , please , no ! 
 please do n't become one of those disgusting creatures , mutated or otherwise ! 
 i felt like my child had been given a death sentence . 
 another one , beyond the one i 'd already given her . 
 `` let 's hope it wears off , '' mage said softly , reaching forward to give my hand a friendly squeeze . 
 `` and what about julian ? 
 we ca n't read him anymore , either . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` julian 's different somehow . '' 
 his emotions were also an illegible mess . 
 not nearly as jumbled as eve 's , but still impossible to read . 
 beyond his love-struck angst for amelie . 
 truthfully , i had n't given him much thought , too absorbed by what was happening to my girl . 
 `` she 's hiding something big , mage , '' i blurted out . 
 `` do you feel it ? '' 
 mage nodded in assent . 
 `` and eve never keeps secrets . 
 she could n't if her life depended on it . '' 
 but if someone else 's life depended on it ... who could she be protecting ? 
 what could she possibly know that she felt she needed to hide ? 
 oh , that girl ! 
 now was not the time to become reticent ! 
 `` between the two of us , i 'm sure we can get it out of her , '' mage offered with a soft chuckle . 
 mage 's unwavering confidence instantly soothed my frazzled nerves . 
 what an interesting turn of events . 
 from evil , untrustworthy ratheus vampiress leader to my confidante , in such a short time . 
 i needed it now more than ever . 
 my eyes drifted longingly to the old oak tree with the tombstone beneath it . 
 nathan 's burial site . 
 `` i 'm going to step outside . '' 
 mage nodded . 
 without explaining a thing to her , she somehow always knew . 
 `` i 'll be in the library , convincing viggo to end his twelve-hundred-year quarrel for the good of mankind ... , '' she answered as she turned to glide away , a smile touching her lips . 
 3 . 
 connection-evangeline i woke to a peculiar pins-and-needles tingling in my head . 
 the rest of my body was equally uncomfortable , a damp cold seeping into my bones . 
 curling my shoulders into my body , i pawed around in the pitch darkness , searching for a plush duvet . 
 i did n't have one , i realized , at the same time i noticed the cold , hard concrete beneath my cheek . 
 i was lying on the floor . 
 a dull throb on my forehead aching . 
 i reached up and winced , feeling a mess of thread . 
 i could n't see a thing . 
 nothing but a tiny horizontal crack of light opposite me , like the light underneath a door . 
 in fact , that 's exactly what it was . 
 a door . 
 i heard a blur of female voices mumbling behind it . 
 they were whispering . 
 propping onto my elbows , i strained to listen . '' 
 ... necessary ? '' 
 a soft-spoken woman asked . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 a hard voice snapped back . 
 `` but she 's human ... , '' the soft-spoken one said . 
 i pulled myself further up and craned my neck , hoping to hear more , to understand what was happening . '' 
 ... harmless , '' the nice lady said . 
 who were they talking about ? 
 `` harmless ! '' 
 the other woman suddenly shouted , loud enough that i no longer needed to crane my neck to hear . 
 `` she 's involved with those murderous leeches ! 
 with that redheaded bitch ! 
 they had her cast in that statue and now our magic ca n't touch her ! 
 she 's so far from harmless , i 'm not sure we should keep her alive ! '' 
 a loud screeching sound echoed as the door swung open , flooding the darkness with light . 
 i squinted and blocked out the harshness with my hand . 
 through my fingers , i could just make out the silhouette of a wild-haired woman looming in the doorway . 
 `` but we need to keep her for now . 
 between her and all of that merth we found , we finally have the upper hand . 
 she knows something that we can use against them , i 'm sure of it . '' 
 as my eyes adjusted , i saw the wicked smile cross the woman 's lips . 
 she brought her hand forward , a leather strap dangling dangerously from it . 
 `` do n't you , veronique ? '' 
 the woman 's acidic hiss lingered in my ears as my eyes popped open . 
 i bolted up in my bed . 
 bad dream ? 
 max asked , unruffled . 
 he was used to me bolting out of a deep sleep . 
 i swallowed my confusion . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 was i ... here ? '' 
 yes , yes ... i rubbed my faceharder than necessary . 
 was that just a dream ? 
 it had to be . 
 i did n't go anywhere . 
 it was me worrying about veronique . 
 but still ... my gut told me there was something more to it . 
 deep down , i knew something more than weary nerves and an overactive imagination existed here . 
 if i had learned one thing over the last few months , it was to assume the worst and then expect the truth to be ten times bleaker . 
 if that were the case , it meant veronique was in danger . 
 it meant the witches knew who she was and of her ties to sofie . 
 `` our magic ca n't touch her . '' 
 that 's what the woman with the whip said . 
 its meaning hit me like a freight train , terror seizing me in the deepest level . 
 what if , when i agreed to climb atop that platform for the tribe to `` free me , '' the same magic that poisoned me had also poisoned veronique ? 
 it had touched her , after all . 
 oh god ! 
 shocked , i cupped my hand over my mouth and nose . 
 that meant she could n't be transformed , even when we rescued her . 
 after all this , after all they 'd done to preserve her and solve this problem ... a ball of vomit formed in my throat , threatening to launch . 
 no , evangeline . 
 do n't panic , i silently commanded . 
 breathe in , breathe out . 
 this could still be a dream ; this could still just be your subconscious , torturing you . 
 well ? 
 max asked . 
 i could hear a hint of worry in his tone . 
 i paused . 
 `` just a bad dream , '' i whispered , hearing the emptiness of my words as they left my lips . 
 it has to be a dream ... please , just be a dream ... i repeated in my head as i fumbled absently for my pendant , for something to grasp . 
 then i remembered i did n't have it anymore . 
 i did n't have it because i agreed to let the tribe touch me with their magic , resulting in this entire mess . 
 the clock read three in the morning . 
 there was no chance of me falling asleep in the near future . 
 `` did caden come by at all ? '' 
 i asked , peering outside at the night sky , longing to distract myself with him at that moment . 
 and every moment after ... uh ... i 'm not sure . 
 he may have slipped in , but , uh ... i do n't know . 
 i fell asleep ... max stumbled over his words . 
 `` right ... so you sleep now . '' 
 i glared at him and then pinched the bridge of my nose . 
 i was never one to lose my temper , but if anyone could make me do it , max certainly could . 
 i sighed with exasperation . 
 `` why did n't he come by , do you think ? '' 
 if it was a concern over blood , he should 've found some blood bags and been sated by now . 
 should n't he ? 
 sofie 's probably got him running around , max offered . 
 `` yeah , maybe ... '' i threw off my covers and climbed out of bed . 
 grabbing the robe and slippers from the armchair , i crept toward the door . 
 max groaned loudly . 
 must you ? 
 ca n't you be happy in this bed for one whole night ? 
 `` stay here if you want , max . 
 in fact , maybe it 's best that you do . 
 i could use a little bit of space . 
 we 're safe here , right ? '' 
 suit yourself , max answered , flopping back down . 
 bloody dog . 
 i chuckled despite my own nervousness . 
 the werebeast who does n't sleep and never tires is just plain lazy . 
 it did comfort me , though . 
 if he was n't breathing down my neck , it meant he did n't feel he needed to be . 
 that was rare , especially with viggo and mortimer nearby . 
 as i stepped into the hall , my ears caught gentle female giggles from behind the door opposite me . 
 my chest tightened with panic . 
 amelie with julian . 
 in a bedroom together ? 
 no ... wait . 
 giggles are good . 
 screeches are bad . 
 julian 's life and amelie 's heart were both safe for the time being . 
 i tiptoed past and moved down the ghostly hallway . 
 dim sconces spaced every twenty or so feet lit my way . 
 gliding down the staircase , i took a moment to stand in the dark , empty foyer , my arms folded tightly around my body . 
 the place reeked of history-hundreds of years of royalty , scandals and treachery , balls and beheadings ... and vampires . 
 i wondered where nathan had died . 
 was it somewhere in this house ? 
 if so , how could sofie stand being here ? 
 if i killed caden , i do n't know how i 'd live with myself , let alone come back to the scene of the crime . 
 just the thought made me shudder . 
 i could kill caden . 
 very easily . 
 all he had to do was lose control . 
 just one little bite ... from the foyer , i had no idea where to go next . 
 i had n't ventured beyond here . 
 when sofie departed , she headed left . 
 i guessed that was as good place as any to start . 
 with five vampires lurking about , someone would find me shortly . 
 maybe caden would find me . 
 i was desperate to ask him why he left in the first place . 
 i wandered along the long hallway , past dozens of solid doors , light gray walls , and gilded frames of stunning art , all bearing sofie 's signature . 
 turning a corner , one of the solid walls gave way to a floor-to-ceiling window , stretching out to provide a panoramic view of a snowy courtyard bathed in moonlight . 
 so peaceful , so quiet , it looked like an artist 's interpretation of serenity . 
 i had to admit , though , after being locked up in those remote siberian mountains , i could live without snow for a few decades . 
 i anxiously expected to stumble upon caden , but a flash of red outside caught the corner of my eye . 
 it was impossible to miss , contrasting so sharply against the crisp white winter . 
 i stopped and focused . 
 it was sofie . 
 her hair . 
 quietly creeping over to the window , i could see that she was kneeling in front of a giant tree . 
 she held something in her hand ... a simple white pillar candle , its modest flame dancing in a dull breeze . 
 she leaned forward to place it near the bottom of the tree . 
 clearly , there was something special about that spot ... if i had to bet on it , i 'd say it had something to do with nathan . 
 if sofie could sense my presence , she did n't acknowledge it . 
 she did n't turn , did n't look up , made no indication that she felt prying eyes on her . 
 and that 's exactly what i felt like . 
 i was a peeping tom . 
 whatever personal , private moment sofie was having outside , i was intruding . 
 with that in mind , i continued on down the hall , walking more briskly until i was beyond the sightline of the glass wall . 
 i reached the end of the hall only to find another expansive one running perpendicular . 
 the chateau of long halls ! 
 if i did n't stumble upon someone soon , i did n't know if i 'd ever find my way back . 
 making a conscious effort to remember my steps for retracing , i turned left again and began down another hall , this one exactly the same as the prior . 
 art , closed doors , no souls . 
 i was beginning to think they 'd have to send out a search party for me in the morning . 
 abruptly , an eerie wave of familiarity washed through me . 
 i trembled , slowing to a stop as i peered around . 
 there was something about this spot , some connection ... like i had been here before . 
 or , like i was supposed to be here . 
 no ... that i was looking for something and it was here . 
 but what was i looking for ? 
 i scanned left and right , looking for any clues to remind me what it was . 
 there was nothing here . 
 just a long hallway with patterned tile flooring and plaster moldings along the walls . 
 you 're losing it ! 
 this is what happens when you lose a ton of blood and do n't get enough sleep , numb nuts . 
 mortimer 's booming tone from down the hall pulled me out of my fog . 
 quickly dismissing the eeriness , i followed his voice and found myself in front of a set of ebony doors . 
 `` this is dangerous . 
 do n't underestimate them . 
 viggo has made one hell of an enemy out of lilly , '' mortimer said . 
 lilly ? 
 who was lilly ? 
 more secrets , i thought bitterly . 
 oh , well . 
 two can play at that game . 
 `` i never underestimate a vampire . 
 how do you think i 've survived this long ? '' 
 mage 's smooth response calmed the tension in the air . 
 there was a short pause and then mortimer declared gruffly , `` if you 're going to sit outside and eavesdrop like a snooping child , then you may as well come in ! '' 
 my face instantly burned with embarrassment over being caught . 
 reluctantly , i pushed the door forward . 
 a loud creak split the dead silence , as if to make my intrusion that much more obvious . 
 in case someone missed it . 
 i kept my face to the ground , hoping the red would subside quickly or that they 'd dismiss me and keep talking . 
 after a long , silent moment of staring at the ground , i realized neither was going to happen . 
 swallowing , i finally hazarded a peek to take in a medieval-looking room with several armchairs and an ancient-looking stone fireplace . 
 it reminded me of viggo 's library with its masculine colors and lounge furniture . 
 viggo sat in a wing chair beside the blazing fire , lazily gripping a poker , as if only watching the conversation but not interested in being a part of it . 
 the box holding veronique 's pendant rested securely in his lap . 
 not surprising . 
 across the room , mage and mortimer shared a small round table , a decanter full of a red liquid between them . 
 it looked like wine , but i 'd bet it was n't . 
 i did n't ask . 
 it was a thousand times better than walking in on them feeding from that young maid . 
 viggo , mortimer , and mage instantly vanished from thought as my eyes landed on a tall , lean body straddling a stool , his hands resting on his knees . 
 caden ! 
 what was he doing with them ? 
 not that i cared . 
 he was immediately on his feet , walking over to me , his hand slowly running through his hair in an almost shy manner . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he gave me an awkward smile . 
 i could n't miss his furrowed brow as he stared at me . 
 he 's trying to read me , i 'll bet . 
 but he could n't , i knew that now . 
 `` hey , yourself , '' i answered bashfully as i peered up at him . 
 no veiny blood eyes . 
 check . 
 a wave of lightness flowed through me . 
 `` what are you doing up ? 
 it 's , like , three in the morning . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i could n't sleep . '' 
 lowering my voice , i added , `` i thought you 'd at least come say goodnight . '' 
 i immediately felt stupid . 
 there was no point in lowering my voice . 
 i might as well be speaking through a megaphone given the room 's occupants . 
 caden looked down at the ground , as if trying to decide what to say . 
 `` yeah ... i know . 
 i was going to , but i got caught up in plans here , '' he finally answered , avoiding eye contact . 
 the little nagging voice in the back of my head nattered away . 
 something 's not right . 
 i was n't sure if i should trust that voice 's input . 
 it had failed me for the first eighteen years of my life . 
 caden looked up again , his expression stony . 
 `` you should get some sleep . 
 you 're still recuperating . '' 
 i shrugged off his suggestion with a question , not interested in leaving yet . 
 `` so , what are you guys planning ? 
 who 's lilly ? '' 
 `` one of the few other surviving vampires of earth , '' mage answered before anyone had a chance to lie or brush me off . 
 she always seemed willing to tell me the truth , even if it was n't good news . 
 that was a welcome change . 
 `` they 've been more diligent in learning what 's going on in the world . 
 we could use their help right about now . '' 
 `` or ... we could just create more of our own and not involve those treacherous fiends ! '' 
 viggo 's eyes were wide as he studied his fingernails , his distaste for mage and mortimer 's plan apparent . 
 mortimer turned to glower at viggo . 
 i could feel the explosion brewing beneath the surface like the humidity in the air before a storm . 
 `` we 've been over this a hundred times already , viggo , '' mortimer answered in a calm , even tone , clearly forcing his composure . 
 `` new vampires are not good for anything except killing and starting a war ... exactly what we 're trying to avoid . '' 
 viggo answered with an eye roll . 
 shaking his head in disgust , mortimer turned his attention back at mage . 
 `` it 's a long shot , mage . 
 i 'll be surprised if they even come given viggo 's involvement . '' 
 what did he do to this lilly ? 
 i shuddered as my gaze passed over him . 
 always viggo . 
 it 's always about what viggo has done . 
 i imagined it was horrific , whatever it was . 
 i knew firsthand what he was capable of . 
 he stole my life , my family , my soul , when he murdered my mother for nothing more than a lesson to sofie . 
 at first , when this entire nightmare unfolded , just his cool gaze on me sent shivers radiating from my chest . 
 he still terrified me . 
 i 'd be insane to be anything but terrified of that lunatic . 
 now though , time had cultivated a deep loathing for him . 
 i wanted him to suffer infinite , inconceivable pain for the lives he had ruined . 
 and that desire frightened me more than viggo himself . 
 he rolled the poker in his hand . 
 i imagined my fists wrapped around it , my arm raising above his head , and then striking down , powered with all my hatred and fear . 
 i forced the urge aside and ducked my head , afraid he 'd pluck my dark thoughts from my face . 
 viggo might have lost interest in me , but that did n't mean he would n't kill me . 
 mage 's voice distracted me from my violent wishes . 
 `` oh , they 'll come . 
 remember , we have something they want ... '' she smiled . 
 `` come ? 
 you mean ... come here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 more vampires . 
 because there are n't enough . 
 mage only nodded , offering me a gentle smile . 
 that 's all she ever seemed to do around here-gentle smiles , the voice of reason . 
 i do n't get it ! 
 caden and the others painted this picture of a pure evil vampire and yet she had been nothing but a blood-sucking mary poppins . 
 `` what do they want ? '' 
 i asked hesitantly . 
 her answer was matter-of-fact . 
 `` among other things ... venom . '' 
 venom ? 
 venom ... `` they want to convert humans , '' i heard myself say out loud . 
 mage answered with a smile and nod . 
 `` they have humans they care about , who they want to convert . 
 up until now , they could n't . 
 now they can . '' 
 more humans who could be converted . 
 more vampires who had fallen in love with humans . 
 i guess it made sense . 
 vampire , or human-everyone falls in love at some point . 
 even someone as toxic as viggo . 
 and now they could be converted . 
 everyone could be converted except for julian and me ; and maybe veronique . 
 we would die human . 
 a moment of selfish bitterness rolled through my body . 
 how was this fair ? 
 `` when will they be here ? '' 
 `` we 're not sure . 
 we 've ... sent our invitation . 
 we hope they 'll arrive by tomorrow night . '' 
 i blanched . 
 something about the way she said invitation pricked a nerve . 
 it sounded altogether sinister . 
 `` where are they now ? '' 
 mage smiled . 
 `` we 're not exactly sure . '' 
 `` well , then ... '' my brow creased , my curiosity getting the better of me . 
 `` how did you send them an invitation ? 
 how do you know they 'll get it ? '' 
 `` oh , they 'll get it , '' viggo said , emitting a small but maniacal laugh . 
 mage and mortimer gave each other a sideways glance . 
 viggo knows how to get in touch with lilly . 
 let 's leave it at that , '' mortimer explained . 
 they 'll be here tomorrow night . 
 a chill rippled through me . 
 `` cold ? '' 
 caden whispered , moving closer , putting his arm around my shoulders . 
 my entire body stiffened under his touch . 
 `` even in that ? '' 
 a ghost of a smile touched his lips as his fingers seized my pajama collar beneath the robe . 
 `` nice poodles . '' 
 heat crept up my neck . 
 `` they 're french poodles . 
 the temptress of the canine world . '' 
 shut up , evangeline ... what was i implying ? 
 that i was trying to tempt him with fuzzy pajamas ? 
 in front of an audience ? 
 a new wave of embarrassment bowled over me . 
 i wanted to bury my head in a pillow . 
 caden chuckled . 
 `` you should get back to sleep . 
 you have n't healed from that injury . 
 you 're still pale . '' 
 great . 
 a ghost in poodle flannels . 
 take me now , caden ... i brushed off the self-loathing , silently pleading with him through my gaze . 
 opening his mouth , he hesitated . 
 `` i 'd walk you there , but i do n't want to leave bishop . '' 
 he thrust his chin to a dark corner behind me . 
 startled , i turned and followed his direction to a looming bookshelf full of black leather-bound encyclopedias i had n't noticed before . 
 i also did n't notice the person propped in a chair beside it . 
 unmoving . 
 unsmiling . 
 in a catatonic , magically bound state . 
 bishop . 
 staring right through me . 
 seeing the once-boisterous bishop still a zombie felt like a punch to the gut . 
 `` sofie has n't released him yet ? '' 
 of course not . 
 like he would be over the urge to run after seeing the love of his immortal life burn to death . 
 tears welled . 
 i 'm a wretched , selfish person . 
 we were on the brink of a war , one of my dearest friends is heartbroken over my other dear friend 's death , and here i am , trying to tempt caden back to my room . 
 `` sofie says he can hear everything . 
 he 's not in any pain , '' caden explained , adding in low mutter , `` not physically , anyway . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he 'll get better , wo n't he ? '' 
 i heard my voice , i knew i asked the question , and yet it was like someone else had spoken . 
 another pause . 
 `` bishop 's broken , evangeline , '' he whispered . 
 `` he watched his eternal love die . 
 he 's a shattered mess . 
 unfixable . 
 we 'll never get him back . '' 
 shattered . 
 unfixable . 
 shattered . 
 unfixable . 
 i shook my head , trying to rattle the words free but they would n't budge . 
 no , no , it could n't be . 
 i would n't accept it . 
 `` but what about amelie ? 
 look at her ! 
 she survived ! '' 
 i knew i was borderline hysterical , but i did n't care . 
 `` and she 's in love again ! 
 no . '' 
 my jaw set stubbornly . 
 `` he 'll be fine . '' 
 i looked back at bishop . 
 `` bishop will be fine . 
 he just needs time . '' 
 caden reached up to pinch my chin between his thumb and index finger and forced me to face him . 
 `` amelie took the better part of seven hundred years to get better , eve , '' he explained gently . 
 `` and she killed her boyfriend . 
 she had no one to blame but herself . 
 besides , i guilted her into sticking around , not to abandon me . 
 she would n't have lasted long enough to fall in love again otherwise . 
 bishop , though ... '' he turned to look at his best friend . 
 `` he watched fiona die by someone else 's hands . 
 he 'll stop at nothing for revenge . '' 
 caden swallowed , as if not wanting to say the next words . 
 when he finally did , as soft as they were delivered , they cut through me like a knife . 
 `` he might be better off dead , evangeline . '' 
 the tears poured freely now . 
 i did n't bother wiping them away . 
 i had n't even come to terms with the loss of fiona , and caden was pretty much delivering bishop 's death sentence . 
 was this how it was going to be ? 
 one by one , i would lose those i cared about as this war with the witches and the sentinel took shape . 
 until when ? 
 until i had nothing left ? 
 until i was gone ? 
 no . 
 everyone could overcome loss and death . 
 i did . 
 amelie did . 
 now , bishop would . 
 he had to . 
 i pulled away from caden and slowly walked over to where bishop sat . 
 i crouched down onto my knees in front of him . 
 it was so strange , seeing him like that . 
 the vampire who had willingly battled a grizzly in order to protect me , the goofy guy who had baited a leech for me , the friend whose unrestrained laughter and gentle ribbing kept smiles on my face in the most desperate times , was now in an open-eyed coma of endless agony . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` you need to be strong , my friend , '' i whispered softly , my voice cracking . 
 `` you will get through this . 
 you have us . 
 we 'll help you . 
 we ca n't lose you too , bishop . '' 
 tentatively , i reached forward to let my fingers graze his knee . 
 with a second 's contact , an uncomfortable current pulsed through my fingertips , like an electric shock . 
 it was n't painful but certainly unpleasant . 
 it had to be sofie 's magical binding . 
 should i be able to feel it ? 
 gritting my teeth , i ignored it , forcing my hand on his knee , bracing myself for the zap . 
 i could survive this much at least . 
 bishop needed to know we were there for him . 
 we could n't just abandon him , write him off as damaged goods , irreparable . 
 the current continued at a steady pace through me , though it was n't nearly as intense as i 'd expected . 
 i gave his knee a squeeze of reassurance . 
 no reaction ... he stared at nothing , vacuous gray eyes lost in yesterday . 
 leaning in , i stared fixedly into those catatonic eyes , searching for some shred of the bishop i knew , some spark i could seize and pull out . 
 as if suddenly snapping to , black pupils shifted and locked on mine . 
 despair and loneliness crashed into me like the waves of an angry ocean , ready to pull me under , to suffocate me in its power . 
 all his loss , all his pain , all his anger came pouring out of that one eye shift . 
 i was suddenly absorbing bishop 's pain , living his agony . 
 impulsively , i dove forward , my arms wrapping around his shoulders in an awkward hug . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , bishop . 
 i 'd do anything to bring her back if i could . '' 
 that 's when the violent sobs finally began . 
 `` okay , there 's no time for crying . '' 
 mortimer 's thick booming voice cut in , gruffer than usual . 
 `` it 's time you got some sleep . '' 
 strong hands wrenched me away from bishop . 
 he towed me toward the door . 
 `` come . 
 i 'll help you back to your room , '' he muttered , his lips tight . 
 one last glimpse at caden revealed his tortured expression . 
 i sucked in my sobs and let mortimer drag me out into the dark hallway , his arm now linked with mine , as if we were out for an evening stroll . 
 a stroll with a stiff-bodied , stern-faced , grumpy vampire . 
 before rachel 's death , i might 've passed out from fright in this situation . 
 but then mortimer tossed my enemy into the flames-for no other reason than because he `` owed me one . '' 
 he did n't scare me so much anymore . 
 that did n't mean i enjoyed his prickly company . 
 i just was n't waiting for him to kill me . 
 we walked at a fairly brisk pace , thanks to mortimer 's long legs and no-nonsense speed . 
 as we passed that same spot in the hallway , the tingling pull of familiarity hit me again , a fresh wave of connection , like safety and imminent danger jumbled together . 
 my legs slowed until mortimer was dragging me . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he snapped , dissecting me with a quizzical glare . 
 opening my mouth to explain , i paused , considering how i 'd explain this without sounding crazy . 
 i decided that i would n't . 
 it was probably nothing . 
 just me , slowly losing my mind . 
 `` nothing . 
 just tired . '' 
 with a harrumph and a sharp tug of my arm , we continued on , turning right to take the hall with the glass wall . 
 sofie 's red hair stood out by the tree like a flare . 
 `` i remember coming here when nathan was alive . 
 this was his house , you know , '' mortimer explained , his eyes flickering to sofie but not stopping . 
 `` yeah , sofie mentioned it earlier . '' 
 `` i used to come here to see veronique . 
 she spent a lot of time with her sister . 
 those two were inseparable . 
 i 've never seen two sisters so connected , so committed to each other 's happiness . '' 
 committed . 
 what would she do if she knew her dear sister was in the clutches of the enemy right now ? 
 tighter and tighter , the knots in my abdomen constricted . 
 i gave one last glance to sofie before we passed the hallway and she was out of sight again . 
 `` after sofie ki - '' mortimer stopped himself midsentence . 
 `` after nathan died and veronique decided to be mummified , we left this place for north america . 
 i have n't stepped foot in here since . '' 
 as we continued on his stance loosened up slightly , his strides more casual . 
 we entered the foyer . 
 `` those were happier times . 
 i 'm glad sofie kept everything in order . 
 veronique was always so fond of this place ... she 'll be happy to see it again . '' 
 i cautioned a glance at him from the corner of my eye . 
 he 's unusually chatty and cooperative . 
 something did n't add up . 
 `` why are you still here ? '' 
 i blurted out , quickly adding , `` i thought you hated sofie . '' 
 mortimer 's dark eyes flickered down to me and he did n't bother to hide the smirk . 
 `` you know , you remind me of a four-year-old sometimes , with your naive and brazen outbursts . '' 
 i pursed my lips , a flash of spite taking over my tongue before i could control it . 
 `` you know , you remind me of a shifty vampire sometimes , with your cryptic babbling . '' 
 mortimer 's head fell back as he let out a roar of laughter . 
 a genuine and unexpectedly pleasant-sounding mirth that warmed my spirits temporarily . 
 i do n't remember ever hearing mortimer laugh ! 
 `` you should laugh like that more . 
 you would n't be so scary , '' i muttered . 
 his laughter died down . 
 `` i used to laugh all the time when veronique was alive . 
 it feels foreign now . '' 
 he cleared his throat abruptly . 
 `` sofie and i have had our differences , i 'll admit . 
 but i do n't hate her . 
 in fact , i have to say that i admire her . 
 besides ... we 've been battling her for years now and she always wins . '' 
 one slow step after another , we began climbing the stairs with parallel movements . 
 `` fighting that woman does us no good . 
 so i 've joined forces with her . 
 given her all my strength , my connection , my trust ... my allegiance . '' 
 i slowed to a stop , forcing mortimer to do the same . 
 `` allegiance ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 like ... a promise ? '' 
 mortimer 's dark chuckle echoed through the foyer . 
 `` no , you twit ... when you say it like that , it sounds like the stuff of little girls . '' 
 the amusement vanished and he frowned . 
 `` but of course , you would n't understand . 
 in this day and age ... '' he paused . 
 `` there was a time when pledging your allegiance meant something . 
 your honor , your soul , everything you stood for . 
 humans pledged to kings and queens , to those who reigned , to the mighty . 
 they would die for them . 
 there were some respectable humans in those days . 
 now ... '' mortimer snorted with disgust . 
 `` i do n't blame you for not trusting me , evangeline . 
 i 'm glad you do n't . 
 that means you 've learned something in all of this . '' 
 dark eyes glinted as they appraised me . 
 `` but i 'm going to tell you a secret . 
 something important . '' 
 he had my full attention . 
 not only was i amazed that mortimer had spoken to me for this length of time , but now he was about to divulge secrets ? 
 `` though you may not believe it , vampires are a species of great principle . 
 if you can get one of us to grant you our loyalty , it is unequivocal . 
 you can harness their power . 
 you . 
 will . 
 reign . '' 
 his free hand balled up into a fist and pressed against his chest . 
 `` it 's as if something inside binds us to that loyalty . 
 it becomes ingrained in all that we are , in everything that we do . 
 get a vampire to pledge their allegiance to you and you will never have to worry about them harming you . 
 they are yours . 
 for life . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` for life ? 
 just because you swore ? '' 
 i tried to wrap my mind around the concept . 
 for life . 
 wow . 
 mortimer had basically sworn fealty to sofie for eternity ? 
 if he was telling the truth , he was no longer a threat to her . 
 in a roundabout way , i guess that meant he would n't be a threat to me , either ... `` but viggo ... do you trust him to keep his word ? '' 
 i asked . 
 mortimer smiled wryly . 
 `` believe me , i wondered . 
 i still wonder sometimes , but i witnessed it . 
 i know the uncontrollable pull that i feel inside me is the same one inside of him . 
 sofie offered him sole custody of veronique 's pendant in exchange for him staying out of her hair . 
 he seemed happy with that . '' 
 i did n't doubt it , given i had n't once seen him without it proudly displayed on his person . 
 `` but ... why do it in the first place ? 
 you 're now at sofie 's mercy , are n't you ? '' 
 i pressed , bewildered by this whole concept . 
 `` well , to be frank , we did n't have much choice , '' mortimer explained . 
 he tugged at my arm , forcing me to move up the stairs once again . 
 `` after the way the two of us have behaved , sofie was ready to set us both on fire and peg it on the sorceresses when veronique awoke . 
 i ca n't believe she did n't . 
 but she did n't . 
 she gave us a choice . 
 pledge our allegiance to her , or die . 
 that she gave us an option ... well , sofie finally has earned my full respect . '' 
 his head shook reproachfully . 
 `` if mage has taught us anything-if that disastrous attack back in manhattan has taught us anything-it 's that we must work together . 
 we ca n't be going off with our own agendas , with our own plans . 
 we end up sabotaging ourselves . 
 we need a united front against our enemies and to free veronique . '' 
 veronique . 
 again , like the prick of a needle in my flesh , that name . 
 a flash of a menacing witch looming over me , a whip gripped firmly in her hand , posed to strike , turned my blood to ice . 
 with a quick jerk of my head , i tried to dislodge the name and the image . 
 it was a dream ... it was a dream ... it was a dream ... but ... what if it was n't a dream ? 
 no ... max said i had n't left . 
 but ... what if veronique was being tortured and sofie were to find out that i knew ? 
 if mortimer and viggo discovered that i knew and i kept it from them ? 
 i eyed mortimer warily . 
 what would he do ? 
 would this so-called fealty to sofie be enough to protect me by association ? 
 i doubted it . 
 but what if ... `` how do i do that ? '' 
 i asked in a whisper , almost afraid to voice the words , that he 'd somehow read my intentions in them . 
 he frowned . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` get a vampire to swear their allegiance to me . '' 
 mortimer 's snort echoed through the foyer . 
 `` simple . 
 you do n't . '' 
 we reached the top of the stairs . 
 `` none of us in our right minds would ever give you that much power over us . 
 but i 've felt your mousy stares on me for the last day , as if i 'm about to stab you in the back , so i thought i 'd give you some peace of mind . '' 
 mortimer sighed as we walked down the dimly lit hall toward my room . 
 `` no ... sofie is not our enemy . 
 she is honorable and she 'll hold up her end of the bargain . 
 it would do us good to remember that . '' 
 i was n't sure if he was stating a fact or saying it aloud to convince himself . 
 either way , i remained silent , content to see if mortimer would share anything else . 
 `` those other witches and the people 's sentinel . 
 they are the enemy . 
 they must be stopped . '' 
 pure hatred cast its shadow on mortimer 's handsome face . 
 plain as day , even in the darkness of the dimly lit corridor . 
 `` every last one of them will die , i promise you that . 
 that 's what i should 've been doing all these years , instead of hiding . 
 i should have been gathering information , planning for the attack . 
 i wo n't make that mistake again . 
 mark my words , every last one of those spineless cowards will die . '' 
 i blanched , my eyes flickering to julian 's closed door . 
 the sentinel 's closer than you think , mortimer ... we stopped in front of my room . 
 mortimer released my arm and reached for the handle . 
 i expected only a gruff goodnight or a vanishing act , but instead , he shocked me with his next words . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what they did to your friend . 
 she was a nice girl . 
 quiet . 
 much more mature than that other one ... it 's a shame . '' 
 i stared at his striking but remote face , searching for a twitch , a quirk , some indication of an ulterior motive , some reason why he would show compassion . 
 nothing . 
 he slowly reached back to scratch his head as he looked off into nothingness , murmuring , `` terrible thing to witness for him ... '' `` bishop , '' i said , knowing full well that bishop 's name was not lost to mortimer . 
 vampires were a lot of things . 
 forgetful was not one of them . 
 he chose not to say it . 
 `` i understand why sofie has to keep him bound . 
 if i had witnessed veronique burn like that ... '' mortimer 's teeth gritted tightly . 
 `` it was pretty terrible , mortimer , '' i agreed , wincing as the memory of fiona 's lifeless eyes-once a lively violet-flashed through my mind . 
 the second the words were out of my mouth , i realized my mistake , what i had all but admitted to . 
 mortimer certainly did n't miss it , his head cocked to one side as a funny quirk pulled at his brow . 
 `` for bishop to see , i mean , '' i added quickly , dropping my gaze to the ground . 
 stupid evie ! 
 thank heavens for the tribe 's magic protecting me from mortimer 's emotional dissection . 
 after a moment , i peeked up to see mortimer nodding slowly , his mind somewhere else again . 
 was he ... empathizing ? 
 was that what all this was ? 
 that 's when it dawned on me . 
 mortimer did n't drag me away from bishop because he was annoyed . 
 the entire situation pained him , igniting a compassionate side he had so successfully buried and had little desire to show , i 'm sure . 
 mortimer pushed open the door to my room and gave a casual wave forward , prompting me to enter . 
 as i submitted , his eyes drifted over to my bed where max lay stretched out , yellow irises resting lazily on us but not bothering to so much as lift his head . 
 mortimer snorted . 
 `` look at what my vicious creation has become ... you 've turned him into a stuffed toy ! '' 
 `` and an incredibly annoying one at that ... , '' i grumbled , earning a growl of disapproval from max . 
 a tiny smile passed over mortimer 's lips , so fleeting i almost missed it . 
 `` well , i 'm glad the giant mutt has served you better than he did me . '' 
 again , another shocking admission coming from mortimer . 
 when the transfer of `` ownership '' of max had happened-a bizarre and surprising event-mortimer was , at first , livid but he seemed to have recovered rather quickly . 
 perhaps it was because , deep down , mortimer did n't want me to die , and he knew if max was my constant shadow , it might help avoid that situation . 
 mortimer turned to leave . 
 `` you know , '' i began , `` i ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 eyes like black coals peered down at me . 
 i knew what i wanted to say but was it wise ? 
 it did n't matter , i decided . 
 i knew that it was important to say for the simple fact that i meant it . 
 `` for what it 's worth ... i hope veronique picks you . '' 
 if she 's not tortured to death , i silently added , my lungs tightening . 
 his face was placid . 
 he said nothing , just stared at me for a long moment until i wondered if i 'd spoken or just thought the words . 
 then , with a curt nod , he disappeared . 
 and there goes the mortimer i know and love ... i pushed the door closed just as a yawn escaped . 
 though disappointed it had been mortimer and not caden walking me back to my room , at least now i understood why caden was n't here in the first place . 
 it gave me some small level of consolation . 
 `` who 's lilly ? '' 
 i asked max as i scuttled into bed . 
 a vampire . 
 `` i know that , max , '' i muttered , rolling my eyes at the ceiling . 
 `` but who is she and why does she hate viggo so much ? '' 
 really ? 
 someone hates viggo ? 
 shocking ... i let out a loud sigh of exasperation . 
 clearly , max was in no mood for anything beyond infuriating me . 
 he was mad about my banter with mortimer , no doubt . 
 still ... `` you 're lucky i need your warmth , dog . 
 keep your fleas to yourself . '' 
 i smiled with satisfaction at his responding grumble . 
 closing my eyes , i played back the night 's discoveries-this lilly vampire , the ability to control a vampire , that weird deja vu connection in the hallway . 
 to top it off , the more-than-civil conversation i 'd just had with a nine-hundred-year-old vampire who would 've killed me only days ago . 
 that last one allowed me a breath of relief . 
 that was , until i remembered he was yet another person i was betraying with my secrets . 
 tighter and tighter the tension cinched around my organs , grabbing hold and squeezing until i was sure something would implode . 
 sleep finally came , just as the sky began to lighten outside , as i was wondering how long before my worries would seize my heart completely . 
 *** i woke to snowflakes drifting down from a blanket of gray clouds outside my window . 
 i did n't move right away , content to lay perfectly still and memorize the calm , magical scene , imagining that i was inside a snow globe of old world paris . 
 calm and safe , free of aching muscles and throbbing neck wounds , toxic tribe magic , and a looming war . 
 i could handle living in that bubble . 
 as long as caden was in it ... caden . 
 why was it impossible to go five minutes without flashes of those jade eyes entering my mind , without wishing i could see him ? 
 was this normal ? 
 how do people function ? 
 this was borderline obsessive ! 
 i breathed deeply . 
 that helped marginally . 
 it also highlighted to me that , even with more than ten hours ' rest , i felt worse than i had yesterday . 
 at least i had n't had another veronique nightmare . 
 the bed jostled and creaked as a heavy weight eased off it . 
 i know you 're awake . 
 it 's past noon . 
 i 've been listening to your stomach rumble for the past hour , max announced . 
 i did n't hazard a move , even though max 's announcement of the late hour surprised me . 
 come on ! 
 you 've barely eaten . 
 you need to eat if you 're going to regain your strength . 
 i let out a small groan . 
 max was right , of course . 
 my stomach growled like it was going to turn zombie on itself , looking for food . 
 come on ! 
 i 'm aging here ! 
 max exclaimed . 
 `` stop being so dramatic , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i know werebeasts do n't age . '' 
 his claws clicked against the hardwood floor as he rounded the bed . 
 stopping directly in front of me , he leaned down to prod me with a wet nose . 
 i 'm sure caden 's waiting for you downstairs . 
 `` ugh ... you and your evil dog tricks , '' i muttered . 
 but his ploy worked . 
 the thought of seeing caden ignited my will power . 
 all i had to do was get my broken body up . 
 shaking my covers off , i threw my arm around max 's strong neck to pull myself out of bed . 
 weak-kneed and bleary-eyed , i grabbed a fluffy gray sweater and skinny jeans on my way to the washroom , a brief flicker of satisfaction warming me . 
 i secretly loved having my stylish vampiress dressing me again . 
 as long as it did n't involve poodles , that is . 
 walking the hall toward the foyer , i could see that someone had transformed the place from an exquisite chateau to one decked out for a holiday magazine photo shoot while i slept . 
 miles of garland trailed the railings , festive wreaths hung artistically from every sconce , topiaries with frosted sugarplums adorned side tables alongside simple yet elegant pillar candles . 
 steroid-fed white poinsettias rested in bunches of three around the entrance and at the two main hall entrances off of the left and right . 
 warm scents of apples and cinnamon wafted through the air . 
 it was magical . 
 it was excessive . 
 it was like christmas threw up on the chateau . 
 `` how in the world ... '' i began but my words trailed off , in awe . 
 had i seen any of this last night ? 
 no ! 
 `` how could she have done this in a matter of hours ? 
 it 's ... she 'd need an army ! 
 it 's just ... impossible ! '' 
 max snorted . 
 really ? 
 you 're still using the word impossible when it involves sofie ? 
 unable to wrap my mind around the transformation , i shook my head , wondering if sofie did in fact have an army-an army of oompa-loompas packed away in cupboards , waiting to serve her every whim . 
 it would n't surprise me . 
 i followed max through a maze of unexplored decorated hallways until we pushed through a door into a toasty kitchen filled with the delicious scent of gingerbread . 
 two mature , plump ladies fiddled over a large stove , prattling away in french . 
 they turned to offer me toothy grins , echoing simultaneously , `` bonjour ! '' 
 `` uh ... bonjour , '' i repeated . 
 they nodded and smiled politely at me , and then turned back to their simmering pots . 
 clearly , a conversation with me was n't going to happen . 
 `` where 's caden ? '' 
 i whispered to max , trying not to make it too obvious that i was talking to a dog . 
 before he could answer , sofie entered from the side door . 
 `` you 're awake ! 
 finally ! '' 
 she sang out with a broad grin . 
 her mirth was short-lived , though . 
 her eyes narrowed and her nose wrinkled as if she had spotted a cockroach scurry past . 
 my face scrunched in alarm . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said nothing , her minty irises zeroing in on my face . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood as a strange tingling sensation took over my body , like a thousand tiny little fingers pricking my skin , unable to break through . 
 `` what are you doing to me ? '' 
 i asked , a touch of hysteria in my voice . 
 the tingling vanished . 
 sofie smoothed over her face and her typical calm , unreadable expression took over . 
 `` you could feel that ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 a tiny twitch of her upper lip was the only reaction . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 she asked coolly . 
 `` okay , i guess . 
 my neck is starting to heal , '' i gestured to the uncovered bite marks . 
 sofie strolled over with quick , even strides to inspect them closely . 
 her mouth curved down in a satisfied expression . 
 `` good . 
 aside from that , how are you feeling ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` tired , i guess . 
 and hungry . 
 otherwise , i 'm okay . '' 
 she peered deep into my eyes . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 warning bells went off in my head , another bubble of hysteria rising . 
 `` why should n't i be ? 
 what did you do earlier ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 sofie frowned , shaking her head . 
 `` no reason ... just a test , '' she answered curtly . 
 `` were you testing the tribe 's magic ? 
 is it still there ? '' 
 a second of excitement churned through me . 
 no more toxic evie ! 
 no more lethal danger to caden should he slip ! 
 no more fragile humanity ! 
 the excitement was followed by the plummet of dread . 
 without the tribe 's magic , they 'd be able to read my emotions . 
 they 'd discover my secrets ... i was a fish out of water , flopping around , desperately searching for safety . 
 another long pause . 
 `` yes , it 's still there , but ... '' this was so unlike sofie . 
 normally her answers were quick and decisive , whether true or not . 
 i waited for the rest of the answer but when none came , i could n't help but feel exasperated . 
 `` but what ? 
 sofie ? '' 
 after an uncomfortable pause , sofie shrugged , waving her black-painted fingernails dismissively . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet ... do n't worry about it . 
 i 'm sure it 's nothing . '' 
 the last line felt like an afterthought , a flighty , unconvincing one , but i caught the sharp glare of warning that she threw max 's way . 
 before i could question it , sofie was prattling off instructions in french to the two ladies . 
 when done , she turned back to me . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` no ... i was up for a while because of a bad dream , '' i admitted , and then wanted nothing more than to change topics so i did n't have to think about veronique . 
 `` what 's with all the decorations ? '' 
 `` oh ... that . '' 
 sofie shrugged , as if it were no big deal . 
 `` it 's almost christmas . '' 
 but then she smiled warmly . 
 `` i figured you should have a normal christmas since you 've had so many lousy ones . '' 
 i could n't help it . 
 i burst out laughing . 
 `` normal ? 
 is n't there a group of vampires showing up later today to stop the end of the world ? '' 
 sofie grimaced . 
 `` you heard about that . '' 
 `` yeah , mortimer and mage filled me in last night , '' i explained as a hot mug of coffee and a freshly baked croissant suddenly appeared before me . 
 the shorter and chunkier of the two ladies smiled at me . 
 the simple act stirred memories and an ache inside me . 
 `` i miss leo , sofie . '' 
 i looked up to see sadness cloud her eyes . 
 `` me too , '' she whispered , her finger tracing the swirling pattern on the marble countertop . 
 `` he was a good friend . 
 rest assured , he 's with maeve now . 
 happy . 
 away from this mess . '' 
 i took a sip of my coffee , wondering if that were true . 
 i did n't recall anything about vampires and magic and the illusive fates casting down judgment on the world in the bible . 
 was there even such thing as heaven and god ? 
 could i believe such things anymore ? 
 yes ... i decided there had to be . 
 i needed to believe leo was with maeve . 
 otherwise , my dear grandfatherly guardian had died for nothing and that knowledge , if nothing else , would break me . 
 i forced the thought out of my head . 
 `` what happened to the rest of them ? 
 are magda and martha and the other beasts safe ? '' 
 sofie inclined her head . 
 `` i thought max would have told you . '' 
 that 's right , i realized . 
 max would know , given he was connected to the other dogs subconsciously . 
 his brothers , who he 'd spent four hundred years with . 
 `` no , he did n't , '' i glared sharply at him . 
 do n't look at me like that . 
 you never asked ... max responded . 
 my hand flew to cover my mouth . 
 he was right . 
 i had n't bothered to ask . 
 i was too wrapped up in myself . 
 what a rotten , selfish person i was turning into . 
 sofie 's voice broke into my silent scolding . 
 `` they 're safe . 
 kiril and ivan got them out of there before they froze to death . '' 
 i felt my face squish up . 
 `` kiril and ivan ... ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the two property keepers who helped keep the cabin running . '' 
 sofie 's brow quirked in amusement . 
 `` oh ... '' i finally realized who she was referring to . 
 `` yeti one and yeti two . '' 
 a soft musical laughter filled the kitchen . 
 `` is that what you called them ? '' 
 i replied with a smile . 
 that was a little joke between julian and me . 
 little jokes like that kept us sane while in isolation . 
 but my smile dropped when the memories pushed forward . 
 `` what would be more appropriate ? 
 werewolf one and werewolf two ? '' 
 i asked , my voice thick with sarcasm . 
 max had divulged that little tidbit of a secret randomly on the same day , just before discovering that valentina was possessed by ursula . 
 if sofie sensed my displeasure , she did n't let on , grinning broadly . 
 `` the wolves owed me a favor , so i asked them to watch over you . 
 they know those mountains better than anyone . '' 
 a favor . 
 everyone owes sofie a favor . 
 i sipped my coffee as i pondered that . 
 sofie was like the godfather . 
 everyone owed her a favor and she was n't shy about collecting . 
 leo had owed her a favor for saving his wife , and look where he ended up ... i bit my tongue before i said something i might regret . 
 sofie genuinely had n't intended such a tragic end for her friend . 
 all the same , it had happened . 
 `` what 'd you do for the wolves ? '' 
 i asked , pushing my sadness away , replacing it with curiosity . 
 `` werewolves were all but extinct from the world for a time . 
 they had existed for centuries-another causal enchantment gone wrong . '' 
 of course ... sofie slid my plate toward me , reminding me that i should eat . 
 `` they 're rare . 
 new wolves are created by the bite of the alpha male . 
 there 's only ever one alpha male for the entire race . 
 he leads the entire pack and , basically , he creates his pack . 
 when he dies , the role passes on to the next male in succession , the oldest of the alpha 's offspring . '' 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` well , the vampires knew how fragile the race was . 
 if you take out the alpha male and its offspring , the entire race will dwindle . 
 so the vampires went after them . 
 they succeeded in killing the last male wolf about three hundred years ago . 
 `` about a hundred years ago , a young woman tracked me down . 
 she was a descendant of the last alpha male and was determined to reclaim her lost heritage . 
 how she found me , i do n't know . 
 how any of them keep finding me to solve their problems ... '' sofie rolled her eyes . 
 i giggled . 
 `` you 're famous . 
 you 're like the madonna of the supernatural world . '' 
 sofie snorted . 
 `` maybe ... i used my magic to isolate the werewolf gene and create a male replica , thus turning her into an alpha and bringing the species back . '' 
 she explained it so matter-of-factly that it sounded like a basic `` baking soda plus vinegar equals cool fizz '' science experiment . 
 i gaped at her , my mouth hanging open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` there 's nothing you ca n't do ! '' 
 i said . 
 a glimmer of despair sailed across her face . 
 `` i hope you 're right ... '' then , as typically mercurial as sofie was , the sadness disappeared , replaced by a stubborn set of her jaw . 
 `` eat ! '' 
 i finished the food , thinking about yeti one in wolf form . 
 a beautiful , fierce creature standing stock-still , quietly observing us in the mountains that day , just before ursula attacked . 
 he did n't growl or snap at us ; he did n't attack . 
 he was just there , peacefully watching . 
 `` why would the vampires care about werewolves ? '' 
 i asked with a mouthful of flaky pastry . 
 `` they seemed pretty harmless to me . '' 
 sofie chuckled , shaking her head in that oh-evangeline-you 're - so-naive way . 
 `` i would n't call them harmless . 
 they are n't immortal or as super-powered as vampires , but they 're tough as titanium . 
 and if they get a bite in beforehand ... it 's fatal . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i thought the only way to kill a vampire was to take their heart out or burn them . 
 or burn their heart ... '' i tried to remember what amelie and fiona told me . 
 `` something involving burning and hearts . '' 
 `` yes ... and a werewolf bite . 
 it 's so rare that we do n't normally even worry about it , and no one worried about it once they were extinct . '' 
 `` well , if it 's so rare , why would the vampires bother ? 
 sounds risky ... '' sofie smirked . 
 `` did i forget to mention that viggo was the one who did the eradicating ? '' 
 my forehead dropped to the counter dramatically . 
 `` oh ... '' now it made sense . 
 anything maniacal involving viggo made sense . 
 `` of course , if viggo had n't , i 'd imagine the witches would have sooner or later , '' sofie added . 
 `` why ? 
 does a wolf bite kill them too ? '' 
 sofie shook her head . 
 `` they do n't like anything they ca n't control . 
 wolves are n't easily influenced by their magic . '' 
 i sighed heavily . 
 so much hunting and killing for both the witches and the vampires . 
 if they spent less time trying to kill and more time minding their own business , maybe we could avoid this entire war ! 
 a new thought dawned on me . 
 `` what did viggo say when he found out you brought werewolves back ? '' 
 surely he could n't have been happy about sofie undoing his work . 
 sofie smiled , defiance twinkling in her eyes . 
 `` i guess we 'll find out soon enough . 
 they 're on their way here to help us ... eat up ! '' 
 sofie slapped the counter as one of ladies slid a bowl of cinnamon-laced , creamy rice pudding in front of me . 
 `` giselle has been stirring that pudding for two hours ! '' 
 sofie hopped off her stool and rhymed off another sentence to the ladies . 
 on her way out , she threw over her shoulder , `` caden 's in the glass room , when you 're finished . '' 
 at the mention of caden , i scrambled to my feet , ready to dash off after her . 
 with remarkably swift movements-as though expecting my reaction-the two plump ladies moved to stand opposite me , arms folded across their chests , morphing from sweet french cooks into stern-faced food sentries , guarding over me until i finished my breakfast . 
 4 . 
 transformation-sofie `` it 's getting worse , '' i proclaimed to mage the second i spotted her jet-black hair in the hallway . 
 `` i just left her in the kitchen and ... it 's getting worse . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 mage 's soothing voice , normally a godsend , sparked fury in me . 
 `` because she has started to change ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 mage did n't even flinch at my reaction , as if expecting it . 
 i immediately felt guilty . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... i did n't mean to ... '' she lifted a hand to quiet me , shaking her head , brow furrowed , dismissing my apology . 
 `` that 's all right . 
 what exactly has changed since last night ? '' 
 i took a deep , bitter breath . 
 `` when i went to see her in the kitchen , when i got close , something started pulling on my magic . 
 draining it . 
 only slightly . 
 not to the extent of the tribe 's people completely sapping my magic , but it was there . '' 
 mage nodded slowly , as if registering my words . 
 `` did you tell her ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i exclaimed in horror . 
 `` there 's nothing to tell yet . 
 we do n't know ... i do n't know ... '' but i knew . 
 deep down , i knew . 
 how could i tell her that her touch might soon be lethal to all those around her ? 
 this was exactly something that the fates would do ! 
 `` we ca n't tell her yet ... '' i stalked off toward the glass room . 
 `` but i do need to warn caden . '' 
 5 . 
 break-evangeline three poinsettia-covered corners and one set of garland-lined stairs later , max and i stepped into a room entirely made of glass-glass walls , glass ceiling , glass doors . 
 tasteful furniture in light suede and wool sat in the center , illuminated by an enormous crystal chandelier . 
 off to the left stood the largest evergreen tree i 'd ever seen indoors , its fresh woodsy scent filling the room , the branches covered in beautiful antique-looking ornaments . 
 boxes of empty packaging and bubble wrap lay scattered everywhere . 
 `` wow , '' i murmured under my breath . 
 sofie teetered on one four-inch-heeled foot on a ladder rung , reaching up to hang a dazzling bronze bulb , her face set with deep concentration . 
 i watched her precarious position for just a short moment , quickly shifting to the most important element of the room : caden , leaning up against the white frame structure that held this room of glass together . 
 he had changed into dark blue jeans and white t-shirt that revealed the muscular curves of his shoulders and back . 
 an angel against the snow . 
 an angel deep in thought , based on his side profile ; trouble furrowed his brow . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 i asked again , this time my voice a little shaky , a touch uncertain . 
 his head snapped in my direction , those jade eyes widening slightly before settling on my face . 
 slowly , he shifted his body toward me . 
 with some hesitation , i walked over to him , forcing a smile when everything inside me screamed worry . 
 again , that inkling that something was not right between us . 
 i cast a wayward glance in sofie 's direction . 
 she took that as her cue . 
 `` now , where did i put those seventeenth-century nutcrackers , '' she exclaimed , leaping from the ladder to give max a smack on the rump . 
 fine , he grumbled , taking the hint and reluctantly following her . 
 they disappeared from the room , sofie throwing a quick warning glare to caden on her way out . 
 i stopped less than a foot from caden and my breath hitched , feeling his proximity through my entire body . 
 gently , he reached up toward my face . 
 he wrapped a finger around a thick lock of my hair and pushed it back off my face . 
 `` how 'd you sleep ? '' 
 `` all right . 
 how 's bishop ? '' 
 caden looked over to a spot behind me . 
 i turned to find our broken friend in a corner , in exactly the same position that he 'd been in last night . 
 same expressionless stare . 
 same lost bishop . 
 i felt my shoulders sag under the weight of his despair . 
 caden gave my arm a light squeeze before letting go . 
 when i turned back , he was staring out the window again , his back to me . 
 `` what else is going on ? '' 
 i finally asked . 
 caden turned back . 
 `` not too much , '' he sighed , adding with a chuckle . 
 `` sofie 's gone a little overboard with the whole festive thing . '' 
 i giggled . 
 `` i know ... where is everyone else ? 
 where is amelie ? '' 
 his voice turned sober . 
 `` i have n't seen amelie . 
 she 's been ... busy all night . '' 
 i caught a hint of something in his expression-i do n't know what it was . 
 displeasure ? 
 worry ? 
 it made no sense . 
 he should be happy that amelie had found someone new . 
 he should be happy that she was n't alone anymore . 
 he could n't be unhappy that it was julian . 
 he had no idea who julian was ... i cast my focus downward as my stomach constricted over the secret i was keeping from caden , from them all . 
 could amelie have discovered julian 's secret by now ? 
 had he listened to me and kept himself covered ? 
 yes , yes . 
 he must have . 
 i would 've heard amelie 's screams , otherwise ... i looked up to see caden 's brow knitted as he stared at me . 
 he opened his mouth , hesitated , but then asked quietly , `` i ca n't help but feel like there 's something you 're not telling me ... about julian . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 the lie flew out of my mouth without any thought . 
 i clenched my teeth together before i could say more , dropping my gaze to the floor again . 
 kittens and clowns ... kittens and clowns . 
 the calming mantra began . 
 wait a minute ... they ca n't read me anymore . 
 caden knew that i was guilty and stressed over something , but he did n't know what , thanks to the tribe 's magic . 
 i needed to relax ! 
 taking a deep breath , i looked up again and met his eyes dead on . 
 somehow , using every ounce of skill i had , i pushed a dazzling smile into my face and held it there , frozen stiff . 
 after a moment , his lips pressed together and he nodded . 
 he hands slid to my shoulders and he spun me around to face the tree . 
 he pulled me against him , his chest pressed to my back . 
 warmth spread through me from his affectionate gesture , the comfort of being in those strong , broad arms indescribable . 
 everything would be all right , as long as i could have those arms around me ... forever . 
 `` is n't it beautiful ? '' 
 he murmured , his chin resting on top of my head . 
 `` yeah , '' i answered breathlessly . 
 `` i never thought this day would come . '' 
 `` what , christmas ? '' 
 `` well , that too , given my penchant for being attacked . 
 but no . 
 this ... you and me , here . 
 safe . '' 
 i felt his fingers dig into my shoulders . 
 `` i do n't know if safe is the right word , evangeline . '' 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 remember how worried you were that you 'd kill me the second you stepped foot on earth ? '' 
 his tone turned deadly serious . 
 `` i almost did , evangeline . 
 if it had n't been for max and sofie , we would n't be standing here right now . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said softly . 
 `` but after that . 
 now . 
 everything 's okay now . '' 
 he said nothing , leaning in to nuzzle his nose against my earlobe , sending spastic shivers through me . 
 i half turned into him , brushing my mouth against his jawline . 
 i felt a rumble in his chest as he groaned . 
 deft fingers under my chin tilted my head back and his mouth closed over mine . 
 normally he was so gentle . 
 now though , his lips forced mine apart , kissing me deeply , buckling my knees . 
 just as suddenly , he broke away , directing my body back toward the tree , leaving me panting and lightheaded . 
 `` bishop , '' he whispered . 
 `` of course , '' i whispered hoarsely . 
 here i was , ready to maul caden in front of my broken , battered friend . 
 sighing , i reached up to pull caden 's arms tighter around me , digging my fingertips into his solid forearms . 
 we stood like that , in silence , our bodies close , until sofie came back humming `` jingle bells , '' holding a glass of pale yellow opaque liquid . 
 mage followed closely behind with a set of sparkly pink and gold ornaments dangling from her fingertips . 
 i do n't know how they could be so festive with the weight of the situation sitting on their shoulders . 
 i noticed that my wayward werebeast was nowhere in sight . 
 probably hunting . 
 mage gave a tiny gasp of delight when she saw the tree , her onyx eyes sparkling . 
 `` i 've decorated hundreds of trees and none were as lovely as this one , '' she said , offering me a pleasant smile . 
 sofie bowed dramatically and stood , a grin of pride lighting up her mesmerizing face . 
 `` well then , after you , my friend ! '' 
 mage nodded her appreciation as she leapt onto the ladder , nimbly scaling the rungs to the top to hang an ornament . 
 `` here , '' sofie smiled , offering me a tall glass . 
 `` eggnog . 
 freshly made . 
 you need the fat . 
 you 've gotten too thin . '' 
 i let go of caden 's arms to take the glass , a silent thanks on my lips . 
 caden took that as his chance to help mage with the other ornaments . 
 i watched the two of them hang bulbs off the branches while i sipped the creamy concoction , relishing how much it reminded me of christmas with my mother . 
 by the time they finished , every branch held at least one bulb . 
 breathtaking . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 sofie called out , stooping to plug the light into the socket . 
 the tree lit up , a thousand tiny lights reflecting off the ornaments for a dazzling display , even in daylight . 
 mage clapped and put her arm around sofie 's shoulder , the first sign of affection i 'd ever seen from the vampiress . 
 even caden 's face lit up with childlike excitement . 
 such a small thing as christmas lights amidst the turmoil of impending doom could sparkle like a diamond embedded in mud . 
 i peered over my shoulder , curious if the beautiful sight had caught even bishop 's attention , not expecting it . 
 i was astonished to find his attention riveted to the spectacle . 
 i smiled sadly . 
 bishop was still in there . 
 somewhere , deep inside his misery , our friend was there . 
 suddenly , the urge to bring bishop back to the world of the living now-not later , not with time and healing-overwhelmed me . 
 `` what do you think , bishop ? '' 
 i pulled my shoulders back and put on a brave smile as i walked toward him . 
 `` beautiful , huh ? '' 
 even though he could n't talk or smile or move in any way , i knew he was in there and he needed to know we were here for him , that we cared and were heartbroken as well . 
 recalling with reluctance the weird sensations from the night before when i touched his arm , those overpowering feelings of despair when our gazes met , i gritted my teeth , preparing myself . 
 if he can take it , so can i. i bent down to place my hand on his , to feel his cool flesh , to let him know that i would be here for him as best i could ... the next few seconds happened in a blur . 
 the spine-tingling sound of shattering glass came a split second before i felt movement within my grasp . 
 bishop , moving ! 
 i heard sofie shriek , `` no ! '' 
 just as i flew back . 
 something wrapped tightly around my neck , choking me . 
 strong fingers grasped my chin with thumb and forefinger on either side . 
 `` let me go or i 'll kill her , '' bishop 's low menacing growl turned my blood icy cold . 
 he was now standing behind me , cool breath breezing against my cheek . 
 i must have misheard him , trying to play the words back in my head . 
 no , he did n't say that . 
 he could n't be threatening to kill me . 
 this was bishop ! 
 i watched with terror as mage , caden , and sofie all moved forward in even , cautious steps , equidistant apart . 
 `` think , bishop , '' caden said slowly , his hands spread out in front of him . 
 `` that 's evangeline you have there . 
 you 're not going to kill her . 
 you care about her . '' 
 `` do n't tell me who i care about ! '' 
 he spat back , and his pain coursed through my body like a live wire . 
 `` we 're all going to die . 
 evie 's going to die . 
 better now ... quicker ... than later and more painful . '' 
 caden crept forward with the others . 
 `` no , bishop , it 's not - '' `` do n't come any closer ! '' 
 bishop 's voice cracked with the shouted warning . 
 caden 's eyebrows raised , his hands moving up in a slow surrendering motion . 
 `` no , bishop . 
 not better . 
 think about it . 
 think about how you would feel . 
 evangeline - '' caden turned toward me . 
 `` what do you want , evangeline ? 
 do you want to die ? '' 
 i could see growing panic beneath the serenity . 
 i had seen this look once before . 
 right before rachel attacked me . 
 it took a few tries but i found my voice , as shaky as it was . 
 `` no ... no , bishop . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 not by you . 
 please . 
 i thought you were my friend . 
 please do n't kill me . '' 
 `` i am your friend , '' bishop whispered , agony lacing every syllable . 
 `` it 's because i 'm your friend that i 'm doing this . '' 
 `` what ? 
 threatening to kill me ? '' 
 i was n't sure if that would work but i instantly knew what might . 
 `` fiona would be horrified , bishop , '' i added so softly , hesitant to even mention her name . 
 his grip tightened for just a moment , and then i felt myself flying forward , thrown into caden 's arms , as if the aim were intentional . 
 caden was ready for it , pulling me in protectively , holding me upright as my knees gave way . 
 cautiously , i turned back to find everyone else gone . 
 a loud crash followed by snarls exploded from the hallway . 
 i watched with trepidation as mage and sofie stalked back moments later , dragging an immobile bishop between them . 
 max marched close behind , favoring his right hind leg . 
 he must 've ambushed bishop from the shadows . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 caden demanded to know , his tone low and menacing . 
 `` how ... '' sofie 's mint eyes shifted to me , studying me silently for a moment . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she finally said . 
 `` somehow evangeline 's touch broke the binding spell . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no , i did n't ! '' 
 i cried out defensively . 
 this was n't my fault ! 
 this could n't be my fault ! 
 quickly remembering the night before , i threw out , `` i touched him last night and it was fine ! '' 
 `` it 's okay , evangeline , '' mage said . 
 `` we know you did n't mean it . '' 
 sofie sighed . 
 `` are you sure you do n't feel any different than you did yesterday ? '' 
 she knows something . 
 `` you already asked me that , sofie ... and , no , i do n't . 
 why do you keep asking me that ? '' 
 sofie ignored my question , looking at max instead . 
 `` max , do you sense anything different with her ? '' 
 you 're blurrier , max responded . 
 i translated . 
 `` yes , that much we can all sense , '' mage said . 
 the four of them exchanged a look . 
 sofie stepped forward , closer to me . 
 `` i can sense something else . 
 something i ca n't put my finger on . 
 i do n't want you to panic , evangeline , but , '' she hesitated , clearly not wanting to continue . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` you 're changing somehow . 
 it 's like the tribe 's magic is getting a stronger hold of you . 
 perhaps ... morphing . '' 
 my breath caught . 
 `` what do you mean ` morphing ' ? 
 like morphing ... into one of them ? '' 
 memories of jaundiced eyeballs and rotten teeth swarmed my mind . 
 their lethal touch ... i stared at my hand , nestled within caden 's . 
 would this simple act kill him one day ? 
 would i not be able to touch caden ? 
 or anyone ? 
 `` oh my god , '' i whispered , unable to catch my breath . 
 caden squeezed my hand , his other hand cupping my chin to lift my face . 
 `` calm down , okay ? '' 
 he said softly and kissed my forehead . 
 no , no ... he did n't understand . 
 he must 've forgotten what that meant . 
 i was now a ticking time bomb , the simple act of holding my hand soon hazardous . 
 i tried to shake my hand out of his but he held fast , growling , `` do n't you dare . '' 
 `` but i could ... , '' i began , choking on the words . 
 i turned to stare at sofie . 
 she slowly shook her head , giving me a weak smile . 
 `` you do n't feel the same way that they do , so i would n't jump to conclusions . 
 i do n't know what 's happening yet . 
 but for now , just ... please stay away from bishop . '' 
 with that , sofie turned and strode over to the tree . 
 she began piling the shattered remnants of an ornament into the palm of her hand , the shared exuberance over the festive season vanished . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd swear her shoulders were slouching under a terrible weight . 
 *** i hardly noticed the young , mousy servant-the one viggo had leered at the other night-sneak in to the glass room with a large silver tray of sandwiches and fruit . 
 my stomach reacted with a growl , as if to remind me that it needed food , regardless of what creature i was turning into . 
 but i was too busy peering into anything reflective , searching for signs of yellowing eyes and brown spots on my teeth , to listen . 
 `` go eat , '' caden urged . 
 just to get away from him , i obliged , walking over to investigate . 
 `` wow ! 
 a real christmas tree ! '' 
 a raspy voice squealed . 
 i turned in time to see an excited amelie skip in , towing a wobbly julian behind her , a simple cane in his hand to steady his weak leg . 
 thankfully , his face had more color in it . 
 he was almost back to his natural olive tone . 
 i guess that means he 's feeling better . 
 i quietly wondered if he was going through this same transformation from the tribe 's magic . 
 would his touch eventually kill amelie ? 
 he had n't climbed any wooden planks . 
 he was almost dead when we arrived in the jungle , thanks to ursula blasting him with a bolt of fire . 
 sure , they covered him with leaves and set him on fire , but maybe the spell was different . 
 or not ... ? 
 maybe i was the lucky one in all of this . 
 the lucky chosen one , yet again , i thought bitterly . 
 but then i silently scolded myself . 
 that was like wishing cancer on someone else just because i had it . 
 disgusting , evie . 
 `` wow ... the mood 's a little damp in here ... , '' amelie muttered after a moment . 
 emerald-green eyes landed on the corner where bishop sat , and her face instantly fell . 
 julian 's hand found its way to her shoulder to give a quick , reassuring squeeze . 
 that was all it took to lift her spirits . 
 when she raised her face again , the agony had disappeared , replaced by a beaming smile and dreamy stare at julian . 
 `` so ? 
 what 's going on ? 
 where is everyone ? '' 
 `` sofie and mage said they had some preparations to take care of . 
 max is hunting , '' caden answered . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 i could n't help but catch the harsh tone in his voice , his eyes skipping over julian ever so briefly . 
 `` oh , we 've been ... indisposed for a while . 
 julian 's needed his rest . '' 
 she giggled with a mischievous smirk . 
 julian had the decency to blush , all while stealing glimpses of amelie 's profile , his chocolate irises drawing up and down the length of her , admiring her , as if in awe . 
 i knew exactly what that felt like . 
 i remembered it well . 
 it was the same awe i felt every time i looked at caden . 
 under other circumstances , i would be exploding with happiness , seeing them both like this . 
 now , though , my inner voice could n't stop screaming , `` fire ! 
 run ! '' 
 the young servant finished setting up refreshments . 
 i peered down to see what i could force into my body . 
 `` these ones are my favorite , '' she whispered in a beautiful french accent , pointing to something that looked like a messy grilled cheese sandwich . 
 i smiled at her and scooped one up . 
 it was crunchy and filled with ham and swiss cheese and smothered in a creamy sauce . 
 i moaned in appreciation and nodded vigorously . 
 `` heavenly , '' i said . 
 she responded with a wink and smile that transformed her into a pretty woman . 
 i watched as she quietly gathered up a platter of empty glasses from earlier and began toward the door . 
 as she passed julian , her mouth crinkled with a smile . 
 `` you should eat , julian . '' 
 and then all hell broke loose . 
 it was as if someone had hit the pause button and then cut out a few minutes before restarting time . 
 in a split second , the maid 's platter was airborne , glass smashing into the wall , and amelie had the poor girl pinned to the ground , her teeth bared like a wild dog . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 amelie shrieked . 
 she straddled the girl , her savage hands gripping tightly onto her biceps . 
 of course , the girl was too petrified to answer , staring wide-eyed at the hovering crazy woman , which only seemed to infuriate amelie . 
 `` he 's mine ! 
 mine ! '' 
 she screeched , shaking the servant like a rag doll , the poor girl 's head slamming repeatedly against the floor . 
 julian stood frozen , his eyes popping out with shock , as he witnessed the attack . 
 thankfully , caden seemed to have his wits about him . 
 `` amelie ! '' 
 he shouted , immediately beside them , yanking his fanatical sister off before she bashed in the young servant 's skull . 
 amelie fought him like a caged cat , all claws and feet . 
 `` snap out if it , you crazy bitch ! '' 
 he roared , giving amelie a hard smack upside the head . 
 that seemed to reset something inside her because she calmed down immediately , a flicker of bewilderment passing across her face . 
 `` here , '' caden said , shoving her over to julian , who immediately wrapped his hands around as if to restrain her . 
 i thought that was comical , given she could pummel him to a pulp if she wanted to . 
 luckily , amelie stayed put . 
 caden reached down and gently helped the ghostly white servant to her feet . 
 before he guided her out of the room , his hand gripped her chin . 
 he held her gaze . 
 `` you tripped over the rug and dropped your platter ... it was an accident ... , '' he crooned softly . 
 she nodded numbly . 
 compelled . 
 that was good . 
 the poor girl did n't need to be afraid of being murdered each day she came in to work . 
 once the girl was on her way , caden spun on his heels , throwing amelie a look of pure disgust . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? 
 it was an innocent smile ! '' 
 `` yeah , but ... she did n't have to remind julian to eat ! 
 and what 's with referring to him by his name ? 
 she 's a servant ! '' 
 amelie snapped back petulantly . 
 caden 's arms crossed his chest . 
 `` probably because she knows julian and evangeline are the only humans in this room , and the staff is under strict orders from sofie to make sure they eat . '' 
 `` oh ... right . 
 sorry . 
 i do n't know what came over me . '' 
 amelie sheepishly looked to the ground . 
 caden was n't having any of it , though . 
 `` you know damn well what came over you . 
 you need to remember before you go all jekyll and hyde on us again . '' 
 she nodded and then turned to look at julian . 
 `` sorry . 
 sometimes i get jealous . 
 i do n't do jealous well . '' 
 `` you do n't say . '' 
 julian scratched the back of his head . 
 i thought i caught a hint of a flattered smile but i could n't be too sure . 
 amelie giggled and leaned her body into his . 
 `` yeah , especially if i 'm into the guy . 
 i turn into a crazy chick ! '' 
 she waved her hands around in the air and shook her head . 
 `` yeah , but you 're my crazy chick , '' he said , his brown eyes twinkling with delight , his hand moving to cup her chin and pull her close . 
 her springy ash blond curls swayed as he tilted her head back to lay a soft kiss on her lips . 
 i groaned in displeasure before i could stop myself . 
 i felt like i was waving goodbye to the passengers of the titanic as it sailed away , all the while knowing what the trip had in store . 
 `` julian ? '' 
 i asked , eager to interrupt their intimate exchange . 
 no answer . 
 no gesture . 
 it was like i was n't even there . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i barked , a touch harsher than perhaps was necessary . 
 his head snapped over at me , startled , the cheesy love fog disappearing immediately . 
 `` hey , evie , '' he offered , rubbing the back of his head again . 
 i glared at him , shooting what are you doing ? 
 daggers with my eyes . 
 he responded with a shrug and pleading look , comprehending my disapproval , clear as day . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 i forced out . 
 i was trying to be civil but could n't deny the sparks of anger . 
 amelie answered for him . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he was so tired , he could n't see straight ! '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant ... '' i smirked . 
 `` are you feeling different today ? 
 like ... from the tribe 's magic ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` no , i do n't think so . '' 
 `` caden , are his thoughts getting murkier , like mine ? '' 
 i asked , though keeping my focus on julian . 
 when caden did n't answer , i turned to repeat my question and found him staring at me , his expression flat , anger heating his gaze . 
 `` is he murkier ? '' 
 i repeated warily . 
 caden gave a noncommittal shrug and shook his head . 
 `` okay . 
 maybe he 'll be okay . '' 
 `` just you what ? '' 
 julian asked , his brow furrowed with worry . 
 he dropped amelie 's hands and moved forward to grab my arm , his dark good looks now marred with concern . 
 `` what 's wrong , evie ? '' 
 `` oh ... '' i began but my voice drifted off . 
 remember those hideous tribe creatures that scared the daylights out of us , julian ? 
 well ... guess what i 'm going to be next halloween ... and every other day for the rest of my life ... before i could answer , my body was yanked back and out of julian 's reach , strong arms wrapping possessively around my chest . 
 `` nothing . 
 she 's fine , '' caden said , a dangerous edge in his tone . 
 `` or she will be . '' 
 i looked up to find him staring at julian with clenched teeth . 
 what was going on with him ? 
 loud voices in the hallway broke up the awkward situation . 
 we all ran out to see what the commotion was . 
 we found sofie and mage squared off against viggo and mortimer , viggo 's face a shade lighter than his normal pale , and mortimer 's brow halfway up his forehead . 
 `` where did they come from ? '' 
 mortimer exclaimed with incredulity . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 sofie answered , clearly amused . 
 viggo issued a low , feral sound . 
 `` i mean ... i killed the last of them and yet seven are standing on our doorstep ! 
 that 's what i mean ! '' 
 a mixture of outrage and shock swirled around viggo-such a rare sight to see . 
 it suddenly clicked . 
 the werewolves had arrived . 
 `` yes , you did ! 
 and , boy , they have n't forgotten about you , '' sofie teased . 
 my heart skipped a beat as i watched her . 
 we had enough problems . 
 taunting a psychopath would n't end well . 
 what was more , i still did n't believe that some allegiance to sofie would stop viggo from slaughtering the lot of them . 
 `` i will - '' viggo began but mage cut him off . 
 `` you will do nothing that breaks your allegiance , will you , viggo ? '' 
 if anger were demonstrated as an illustration in a dictionary , it would look like viggo 's face at that moment , contorted and seething , ready to explode , his words forced out in a short burst through gritted teeth . 
 i had never seen him lose his cool . 
 despite the real threat to all of us , i enjoyed it . 
 `` that was before - '' mage cut him off again , her tone sharp . 
 `` there is no before . 
 there just is . 
 you gave us your word . 
 you , a man of unrivaled integrity , right ? '' 
 `` breaking an allegiance served as blackmail does n't sound so dishonorable to me , '' viggo spat back , but i gathered it was an irrelevant point . 
 mortimer had alluded to the value of honor before . 
 it used to define a person , to determine his or her worth . 
 although crazy , viggo was still old school . 
 mage 's challenge just might stay his hand . 
 for now . 
 mage continued . 
 `` i warned you before , viggo ... sofie may be willing to keep you alive for veronique 's sake , but i harbor no such desires . 
 it would be easier for all if i made veronique 's choice for her , do n't you agree ? '' 
 she added that last bit sweetly , but her intent was crystal clear . 
 cross her and she 'd eliminate the choice for veronique . 
 that 's the mage i remember , i thought . 
 mortimer finally spoke again . 
 `` they will help us control the situation when lilly gets here . 
 i 'm not exactly a fan of those things , either . 
 however , they will be of use to us . 
 we need all the help we can get . '' 
 again with this reference to this fearsome lilly character . 
 i still did n't know any more about her . 
 the way they described her , i was beginning to think i 'd be meeting a five-headed vampire godzilla . 
 viggo 's lips twisted in disapproval , unconvinced by mortimer 's logic . 
 `` until they sink their vile werewolf teeth into us . '' 
 `` werewolves ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed in shock . 
 `` oh , i 've never seen one in real life ! 
 they were killed off with the war in our world . '' 
 as if mortimer and the others just realized they had a crowd of curious observers , they turned to us . 
 `` they 're not kittens , amelie , '' mortimer snapped . 
 she responded with an exaggerated pout and frown , not yet accustomed to mortimer 's rebukes . 
 viggo jumped in , lightening the mood in his typical twisted fashion . 
 `` well , now 's your chance ! 
 so nice of you to join us , amelie and julian ... finally , '' he purred , a wink directed at julian . 
 julian turned beet red . 
 i could n't tell if it was because of the insinuation that he and amelie had been-busy-or if it was simply a natural reaction to viggo . 
 amelie ignored both of them . 
 `` are they dangerous ? '' 
 sofie rolled her eyes , no longer finding amusement with the little bomb she 'd dropped . 
 `` okay , enough about the wolves already . 
 they 're not a big deal . 
 we have bigger things to deal with . '' 
 `` like what exactly ? '' 
 amelie probed . 
 it was then that i realized she was more in the dark than i was with regards to what was going on , having been holed up with julian for the past twenty-four-plus hours . 
 `` like preparing . 
 lilly has accepted our invitation . '' 
 i heard amelie 's harsh whisper behind me . 
 `` who 's lilly ? '' 
 *** by late afternoon , i 'd exchanged my inner turmoil of the tribe 's magic and its implications for pure exhaustion . 
 i was n't sure if it was physical or mental , but i could n't keep my eyes open , drifting in and out while curled up on the couch . 
 at some point , i felt my body floating through the air , cradled within someone 's arms . 
 i pictured strong , healing angel 's arms , carrying me up to the heavens where all was calm and safe and no disease coursed through my veins . 
 soft , low music swirled somewhere in the back of my head , colliding with my thoughts , dulling them to blissful garble . 
 a few times , my eyes cracked open to see jade stars shining down on me . 
 and then my angel was placing me down in a bed of fluffy white clouds . 
 i sunk further and further in until they swaddled me in their soft embrace . 
 sharp , tingly pins and needles coursed through my body to my fingertips . 
 i was in that same dark , dank room that smelled of dirty water . 
 i was chilled to the bone . 
 this time , though , instead of lying against the cold , concrete ground , i was sitting on it . 
 a steady drip echoed in the room , drilling into my eardrum . 
 drip , drip , drip . 
 as i hunched in closer to myself to fight off the chill , i noticed how badly my back throbbed . 
 it felt like my skin had been badly burned by the sun . 
 i knew that could n't be the case and yet i longed to peel my shirt off , to eliminate all contact . 
 reaching down , i rubbed the light , gauzy material of my dress with my fingers . 
 too light to irritate skin , one would think . 
 drip , drip , drip ... the same crack of light stared at me from beneath that same door . 
 just like the other night . 
 my veronique dream . 
 would a crazed , whip-wielding witch come flying through the door at any second ? 
 a shadow passed in front of the crack of light . 
 inside the room . 
 it was small and moved haltingly . 
 scurried was more like it . 
 my focus glued to the crack , i waited to see it pass again . 
 a moment later , a softness brush up against my forearm . 
 my arm shot out reflexively to launch it across the room . 
 it let out a squeak of displeasure . 
 `` ahhh ! 
 i hate rats ! '' 
 i cried out , shuddering . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i froze with the single word . 
 not because there was another person in my dark , dank cell . 
 the question had come from my lips , but it was n't me who 'd spoken . 
 the thought was n't mine-i knew that much-but my mouth had moved . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i echoed , testing for a difference . 
 this time it was clearly my thought , my brain controlling my mouth 's movements . 
 silence . 
 my eyes shifted in the darkness , warily , waiting for it to happen again . 
 after a long moment , i let out a heavy sigh . 
 `` i 'm all kinds of messed up , '' i muttered . 
 my lips moved in a gasp . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 another foreign thought asked the question . 
 my stomach knotted . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 i was used to max 's intruding voice inside my head . 
 but this was different . 
 this was like i was sharing my body with another person . 
 with trepidation , i answered . 
 what 's the worst that could happen ? 
 `` how am i doing what ? '' 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 the voice asked , her tone pleading . 
 before i could answer , she asked , `` do you know sofie ? '' 
 i paused , my curiosity overshadowing sheer terror . 
 this strange back and forth where i controlled my mouth and then i did n't control it and then i did control it-like what i imagined a person with multiple personalities would need to manage-took some coordination . 
 `` evangeline , '' i answered cautiously . 
 `` and yes , i know sofie . '' 
 then i dared ask the next question , the one i was fairly certain i knew the answer to . 
 `` are you veronique ? '' 
 another gasp . 
 `` yes ! 
 how is this happening ? '' 
 and there it was . 
 i knew then and there that this was no dream . 
 somehow i was still connected to veronique . 
 even though the tribe released me from the curse , we were still bound . 
 of course ! 
 it made perfect sense . 
 when i sat atop that platform with the tribe circling and chanting below , when i saw that vision of fiona dead in the atrium , i was witnessing it all through veronique 's eyes the moment she was released . 
 now i was somehow connecting with her in my dreams . 
 `` evangeline ? '' 
 she pulled me back from my thoughts . 
 `` i do n't know how it 's happening . 
 when i fall asleep , i find myself here . 
 i thought i was dreaming at first , '' i explained . 
 here we go again . 
 veronique 's voice turned low and fearful , almost a whimper . 
 `` this is no dream . 
 it 's a nightmare , evangeline . 
 please , help me ! '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` they 're torturing me ! 
 they told me they will kill me soon ! '' 
 my cheeks burned with her tears . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why has sofie left me like this ? '' 
 i awoke with a wheezing gasp and veronique 's question playing over and over in my head . 
 why has sofie left me like this ? 
 because she does n't know , veronique . 
 because i 'm keeping you a secret . 
 my heart pounded against my rib cage as panic seized , as i began rationalizing the situation in my head . 
 i 'm sure it 'll be fine , once she does find out ... that you 're being tortured and threatened while we sip eggnog and hang seventeenth-century nutcrackers on christmas trees . 
 it wo n't bother her at all . 
 she 'll pat me on the back and say , `` you 're so brave and smart , evangeline . '' 
 i sat up in bed . 
 i was alone in my room , max nowhere to be found . 
 absently , i remembered being carried up here and realized it must 've been caden whispering softly to me , tucking me into bed , and not violin-strumming angels in the clouds . 
 i silently wished he were here so i could bury my face in his chest and forget everything else for just a moment . 
 but he was n't here to soothe my guilty conscience , i acknowledged bitterly . 
 it did n't matter . 
 what mattered was that veronique was being tortured and begging for help and i was the only one who could help her . 
 i was denying her that by not telling sofie . 
 i was single-handedly risking veronique 's life because i was worried . 
 because of a possibility . 
 nothing more . 
 i assumed sofie could n't be pragmatic . 
 was that fair ? 
 did n't sofie have a right to know ? 
 did n't mortimer ? 
 viggo ... i did n't care for his rights . 
 he could shrivel and starve for the next million years in a silent , lonely hell . 
 but the others ... and veronique ! 
 i pulled my knees to my chest as the pieces clicked together . 
 my back , blazing , skin raw , bothered by the lightest of materials . 
 lash marks would do that to a person . 
 they were whipping her . 
 recalling the words of the witch last time , veronique was immune to magic . 
 like me . 
 because i got up on that platform to rid myself of the pendant , she was now in the hands of the enemy , being tortured because they could n't use good old magic to do it . 
 i began to hyperventilate . 
 sliding over to the edge of the bed , i leaned forward and cradled my forehead in my hands , rocking back and forth . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 my head throbbed . 
 in , out , in , out . 
 she 'll go crazy if she stays in that dungeon with that torturous dripping sound ... drip , drip , drip ... i 'll go crazy if she stays there . 
 i was n't made for this deception . 
 there was no way around it . 
 i had to tell sofie . 
 it took a minor panic attack and fifteen minutes of a one-way conversation to convince myself that this was the right choice . 
 but how on earth did i deliver news like this ? 
 the one thing i knew was that viggo and mortimer could not be around . 
 once i told sofie , the weight would be off my shoulders and on hers . 
 she could decide what to do and whom to tell . 
 selfish , but she was made to handle this . 
 she was made of something stronger than titanium . 
 by the time i walked down the stairs and through the halls , my body was moving in a zombielike daze while my belly was threatening to empty itself of that delicious ham and cheese sandwich . 
 i took a deep breath , my subconscious giving me a pep talk . 
 this will be no problem . 
 i just need to get sofie alone . 
 a grandfather clock somewhere gonged ten times as i stepped into the christmas tree room . 
 everyone was there . 
 `` lilly 's plane has landed . 
 the rest of them are congregating at the airfield before coming here . 
 none of them will enter alone , '' mortimer announced as i walked in . 
 around me , organized frenzy erupted . 
 all thoughts of my confession vanished as a new pot of turmoil boiled over . 
 i stood by , an unnoticed bystander , while mortimer barked orders on the phone to someone to keep their distance and report back every fifteen minutes . 
 his spies , i gathered . 
 in an excited flurry , viggo sailed past me , announcing everyone needed to get `` blooded up '' to be ready for a fight . 
 amelie shifted closer to julian , her arms wrapped protectively around his body , no doubt planning on attaching herself to him at all times . 
 caden stood like an unpleased statue , arms crossed , brow furrowed , glaring from sofie to mage . 
 it felt like the war might begin in this chateau , on this night . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 mage asked sofie . 
 they shared the longest stare . 
 finally , sofie sighed , nodded , and disappeared . 
 what are they up to now ? 
 i tried to catch caden 's eye but it was locked on bishop , his mouth curved downward with discontent . 
 i did n't have to wonder what was going on for long . 
 in fewer than ten seconds , sofie reappeared with a silvery cord in her hand . 
 merth . 
 i recognized that stuff . 
 it was nonexistent on earth until i brought two giant duffel bags back from ratheus . 
 sofie must 've grabbed some as she ran out of viggo 's palace during the assault . 
 were they going to bind lilly with it ? 
 seriously ? 
 `` um , i do n't think that 's the best way to get on this lilly person 's trusting side , '' i said . 
 my voice drifted off as sofie 's focus zoned in on bishop , a suspicious and intentional gleam in her eye . 
 bishop , my unmoving , unspeaking , emotionally frail friend in the corner , was being eyed like mouse in a snake 's cage . 
 `` what are you ... ? '' 
 i said , as it slowly dawned on me what they were doing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sofie offered softly as she and mage moved in to sandwich the motionless bishop , mage in behind and sofie in front , their standard predatory position . 
 sofie was speaking quietly to bishop . 
 standing in front of him , an apologetic smile on her face , threads of paralyzing silvery weed in her grasp . 
 my head began shaking side to side . 
 `` no ... no ... no . '' 
 `` she needs all of her magic available for this meeting , evangeline , '' caden explained softly . 
 `` she ca n't risk losing a hold of the binding spell again and we do n't know what to expect of lilly . 
 if sofie needs her magic to fend her off or if she gets hurt , she 'll end up releasing bishop . 
 he 'll do anything to escape , remember ? '' 
 i looked up to see his eyes boring into me , a stern reminder within . 
 `` that 's not good for anyone . '' 
 `` but ... '' i looked at our friend again , hunched over , so pathetic , so lost . 
 `` he 's already suffered so much . '' 
 i heard the shrill sound of my own voice by the end of it , pleading . 
 `` we 're treating him like a prisoner ! 
 it 's not right . 
 he has n't done anything wrong ! '' 
 `` he almost killed you , evangeline ! '' 
 caden exploded suddenly . 
 `` he would n't have and you know it ! '' 
 i threw back , setting my jaw defiantly . 
 `` he was bluffing . 
 he just wanted to be free . '' 
 caden turned away from me as he shook his head with frustration . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , '' i said . 
 `` i know what you 're all thinking ! 
 poor , naive evangeline ! 
 she 's clueless ! 
 she 's a silly human ! 
 well , maybe i am but at least i do n't torture my friends ! '' 
 i looked to amelie and caden , to max , but got no support . 
 nothing . 
 only julian dared meet my stare from his spot out of the line of fire . 
 it 's for the best , max said . 
 `` of course you would think so , '' i muttered . 
 `` it 's just for now , '' sofie explained softly . 
 `` i 'll think of something else . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` but ... '' i began but the objection died at my lips , all of my steam evaporating instantly . 
 i knew no amount of begging and pleading would convince them otherwise . 
 they were vampires . 
 this was temporary for them . 
 anything temporary could be endured , even if it was excruciatingly painful . 
 my body tensed as mage reached forward to grip bishop 's shoulders , securing him . 
 sofie 's lips moved swiftly . 
 the second the binding spell broke , bishop let out a roar and began twisting and thrashing against mage 's grip . 
 `` do n't let them do this , evie ! '' 
 he bellowed , his plea shattering my heart into a thousand pieces . 
 tears began burning in my eyes as i pawed for caden 's hand . 
 `` please ! '' 
 i cried but it was no use . 
 caden 's jaw tightened as he stared forward , his hand lifeless in mine . 
 `` it 's the right thing to do and you know it , '' he answered in that cold , distant tone i had heard so long ago , the one he used when he needed to shut everyone out . 
 he was shutting me out . 
 my head jolted as if he 'd slapped me . 
 he may as well have . 
 by the time i turned back , sofie was already securing the merth around an immobile bishop 's wrists . 
 it was done . 
 `` a thousand tiny razor blades cutting you , over and over again ... each one feeling like the first , '' i whispered a reminder to all of them in case they had forgotten . 
 utter silence met my words . 
 six vampires , a werebeast , and two toxic humans watching the one who had suffered the most , who continued to suffer , for the mere fact that he could n't scream out . 
 i felt like i was sitting in one of those glass rooms , witnessing an execution of an innocent person . 
 but what was worse-what i could n't bring myself to admit-was that i knew they were right . 
 this was for the best . 
 this was only temporary . 
 bishop had survived merth before . 
 he could survive it again . 
 what did that acceptance say about me ? 
 what human was i turning into that i 'd listen to a dear friend plead for his freedom , that i 'd stand and watch him tortured ? 
 my friend , whose internal struggle was enough to splinter an army 's will ? 
 suddenly , there was nowhere i wanted to be less than there , in this vampire world where this was an acceptable solution to a problem . 
 yanking my hand out of caden 's , i bolted from the glass room and sprinted down the hallway . 
 i did n't stop . 
 caden did n't chase . 
 this time , just this once , i did n't want him to . 
 i did n't want to be around these cold , calculating creatures . 
 i did n't want to become one of them . 
 sharp claws tapped against the tile behind me . 
 `` stay away from me , max ! '' 
 i screeched as tears burned my cheeks . 
 the tapping slowed and then stopped altogether . 
 i kept running and no one followed me and i was happy . 
 when i found myself in the hall overlooking the courtyard , the urge to venture outside slowed my feet . 
 coatless , bootless , gloveless-i opened the door and stepped into the frigid night without an ounce of hesitation . 
 the crisp winter chill seized my bare skin , its icy fingers curling around my limbs . 
 it was balmy compared to the mountain temperatures , but it froze my tears in seconds nonetheless . 
 the mountains ... in that moment , trudging through the deep snow in striped pink and gray socks and slippers , i pictured a possessed valentina stomping in from the cold wearing nothing but a sweater . 
 i was now the crazy one . 
 i was worse ! 
 leo would n't approve of this , i thought , smiling sadly , thinking about my grandfatherly guardian . 
 it had only been days since i 'd seen him last , but it already felt like a lifetime ago . 
 i trudged through the snow , one step in front of the other in a straight march , feeling the snow 's damp chill as it formed an uncomfortable cushion in my slippers . 
 though my actions felt wayward , i knew exactly where i was headed . 
 when i finally reached the great oak tree , i spent a moment dreamily marveling at its grandeur , even in the dead of a winter 's night . 
 it towered over me , its branches spreading out at least thirty feet . 
 it had to be hundreds of years old . 
 i closed my eyes for a moment and imagined a summer afternoon relaxing under its generous shade , a book in hand . 
 enjoying life . 
 enjoying paris . 
 would that even happen ? 
 where would i be next summer ? 
 would i be alive ? 
 would i be deadly to those i loved ? 
 i wrapped my arms tightly around my body as the effects of the cold began to wear on me . 
 why had sofie been out here last night ? 
 i focused my attention to the base of the tree . 
 at my feet lay a single white pillar candle , nestled next to a bunch of frozen pale white roses . 
 the wick had long since burnt down . 
 beneath it , a flat bronze object caught my attention . 
 kneeling , i brushed away the freshly fallen snow to reveal a bronze plaque embedded in a concrete rectangle : nathan 1237-1889 . 
 nathan was buried right here , under this tree . 
 it made perfect sense and yet my heartbeat sped up all the same . 
 of course he was buried here . 
 it explained sofie 's desire to sit out here alone . 
 my heart instantly ached for the woman . 
 and for mortimer , and amelie , and bishop . 
 love seemed to be a damning condition for all vampires . 
 next to nathan 's tombstone , i noticed another glimmer of bronze . 
 i brushed away the snow to find a second tombstone with another inscribed plaque . 
 this time , my heart did a full stop . 
 it read sofie girard 1862 - 1889 . 
 sofie had buried herself-her spiritual self , her humanity , her heart-alongside the man she killed so many years ago . 
 i leaned back and wrapped my arms tightly around my chest as numbness seeped into my body , picturing sofie in this spot over a hundred and twenty years ago , lowering the man she loved , who trusted her unequivocally , into the ground . 
 because she put him there . 
 she too died that day , both through her physical transition but also her core . 
 my fingers were red and stiff . 
 i need to go inside , i scolded myself . 
 i 'm not proving anything by being out here , like an idiot . 
 except that i 'm an idiot . 
 struggling to stand , fists tucked under my armpits , i let my eyes wander over the grounds for a second . 
 a massive octagonal gazebo-like structure stood in the center of the space , its wooden trellis walls obscured by a web of frozen , leafless vines . 
 i wandered over . 
 inside , three partially snow-covered concrete benches faced each other . 
 further back , surrounding the entire area including the massive oak , was a cedar hedge border , at least forty feet high and so thick , a squirrel would have trouble tunneling through . 
 a few wooden archways and statues peppered various paths , lined by small shrubbery . 
 it was a royal garden . 
 no doubt a spectacular one in any other season . 
 now , though , it lay asleep , catering to a dead vampire and a crazy girl . 
 i was about to head back inside when hobbled steps crunching toward me announced someone 's approach . 
 i half turned to see a dark-haired figure moving forward . 
 julian , picking his steps carefully , with a heavy black jacket thrown on haphazardly , a long , white coat slung over his arm . 
 `` i thought you were smarter than to come out here without at least a coat , evie , '' he lectured . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , julian . 
 it 's like summer , '' i grumbled indignantly . 
 for some reason , a renewed streak of stubbornness forced my back to him . 
 i knew this bishop decision had nothing to do with him , but i could n't help it . 
 i felt his presence behind me . 
 after a few moments , when i did n't acknowledge him , he silently spread the jacket over my shoulders . 
 he did n't leave , though . 
 we remained like that until i silently acknowledged that i was , in fact , an idiot . 
 i gave up my stubborn front and slid my arms into the coat , allowing the duck feather down fill to envelop my half-frozen body . 
 i took a seat on one of the benches . 
 `` you know i 've heard sitting on cold concrete will give you hemorrhoids , '' julian joked softly . 
 i snorted , annoyed . 
 i knew he was trying to skirt the subject . 
 `` it 's easy for you to joke , julian , '' i said . 
 `` he 's not your friend . 
 you despised all vampires until two days ago , remember ? 
 now you 're in love . '' 
 i sounded petty . 
 i immediately hated myself for it . 
 `` i agree . 
 he 's not my friend and i do n't know him at all , '' julian answered , easing himself down beside me . 
 `` but he 's your friend , and he 's amelie 's friend . 
 i do n't want to see either of you suffer . 
 that will happen if he 's not bound up because he 'll die . 
 everyone seems to agree on that point but you . '' 
 `` it 's not that i do n't agree , '' i finally admitted , the words acrid on my tongue . 
 `` we do need to keep him safe . 
 i get it . 
 of course i get it . 
 i 'm not stupid . '' 
 `` no one said you were , eve , '' julian said , putting his arm around my shoulder and squeezing me to his body . 
 i stiffened . 
 back in the mountains , the gesture had been comforting and welcomed , as close as we were . 
 now , it made my body turn in on itself like a turtle struggling to hide in its shell . 
 and yet , i had no idea why . 
 perhaps it was because of his insane new girlfriend . 
 `` it 's just that everyone is so willing to do it . 
 it 's like they do n't care ! '' 
 `` oh , they care , believe me . 
 well , '' he added with a sneer , `` except maybe viggo . '' 
 i scowled . 
 `` they did n't even fight . 
 they did n't argue . 
 they just went along with it . '' 
 julian was shaking his head before i 'd even finished speaking . 
 `` you were n't there earlier , eve , '' julian said , his tone now scolding . 
 `` i thought amelie and caden were going to tear sofie to pieces when she told them what she needed to do . 
 why put him through more pain when he 's already suffering so much ? '' 
 julian 's heavy dark brows furrowed deeply . 
 `` man , does amelie have a temper ... luckily , it only lasted for ten minutes before they came around but ... damn , those ten minutes ! 
 i seriously thought they were going to kill each other . 
 bloody vampires ... '' vicious amelie . 
 i would n't have believed it before . 
 even when dealing with rachel and jethro , she 'd always been calm and collected , delivering biting blows with grace . 
 but the incident i 'd seen earlier with the innocent servant girl had shown me a new side of amelie . 
 an uncontrolled one i 'd prefer never to see again and hoped not to be the target of . 
 at the same time , hearing that they put up a fight on bishop 's account made me feel a little better . 
 julian continued . 
 `` vampires are pragmatic . 
 you know as well as i do . 
 amelie would rather see bishop bound up and feeling a hundred razor blades than be dead . 
 it 's the lesser of two evils , though it may not sound like it . 
 it 's the right thing to do . '' 
 julian zipped his jacket and hunched into himself , no doubt freezing by now . 
 `` whatever is about to enter these gates-this lilly-i do n't know about you , but i want sofie 's full power to protect us . 
 she sounds pretty scary if viggo does n't want her around . 
 amelie and you need to be protected . 
 you two mean everything to me . '' 
 his voice dropped to a low whisper as he leaned in , squeezing more tightly , his forehead resting against the side of my head . 
 `` you might hate me but you 're all i have left . 
 hate . 
 such a wicked word . 
 i sighed , shifting to look over at julian , those chocolate-brown irises only inches away , pleading with me . 
 i stared silently at my fellow captive , my fellow orphan , my fellow everything . 
 my friend . 
 tattoo or not , he had saved my life and my sanity . 
 `` i do n't hate you , julian , '' i whispered . 
 he snorted . 
 `` really ? 
 because you have n't exactly been friendly since - '' `` shhh ! '' 
 i warned , checking the shadows . 
 `` since ... you know . '' 
 julian finished vaguely . 
 `` yeah ... well ... it caught me off guard . 
 i trusted you and then ... bam ! 
 surprise ! 
 but that does n't bother me anymore . 
 what i care about is what it will do to amelie if she finds out . 
 i 'm afraid this will be more than she can deal with . '' 
 `` i know , '' julian groaned , dropping his forehead into his palms , reddened from the cold . 
 `` god , i know , evangeline ! 
 do you think i planned this ? 
 i do n't know what happened . 
 i just remember waking up in the hut and there she was , like an angel , hovering over me and then ... '' he paused , searching for words , a crooked smile curving his mouth in a cute way . 
 `` i ca n't get her out of my head ! 
 it 's like i crave her ! 
 i 've never met anyone like her before , eve . 
 if i knew back then what i know now , i never would have let ... you know what ... happen . 
 i never expected to fall in love with a vampire . '' 
 in love ... i smiled , despite everything . 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 i remembered that first moment , waking up in the cave after knocking my head to see caden standing over me with an armload of wood for the fire . 
 of course , i did n't know it then , but that was the second i fell in love with him . 
 everything after that was merely supporting evidence . 
 he did n't have to speak ; he did n't have to do anything . 
 it was like some inner connection pulled us together , firmly lodging him into my soul so that he could never leave without me losing a part of myself . 
 was that what true love was like for everyone ? 
 or just when your heart was tied to the devastating predicament of being in love with a vampire ? 
 i looked back at julian , watching me silently . 
 again , another level in which our fates were linked . 
 how could i be angry with him for the very thing i was guilty of ? 
 i felt my shoulders sag , the chip i harbored against him dissolving . 
 `` i just do n't want to see you get hurt , that 's all . 
 or get dead ! 
 or amelie get hurt . 
 or caden get hurt , for that matter . '' 
 hurt because i 'm hiding such a huge secret from him . 
 julian grimaced . 
 `` that guy already hates my guts . '' 
 i frowned , recalling the strange reaction to julian 's hand on my arm earlier . 
 `` i do n't know about hate but ... '' julian shrugged . 
 `` oh , i do . 
 i caught him staring at me a few times today like he wanted to take me out back and break every bone in my body . '' 
 his eyebrow quirked up . 
 `` do you think he knows ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 if caden knew , there 's no way julian would still be alive . 
 `` he 's being overprotective of amelie . 
 that has to be it . 
 he is her big brother , and you 're ... well , you 're doing whatever with his sister . '' 
 julian shrugged , unconvinced . 
 `` at least , let 's hope that 's what it is . 
 he does n't need to know any of this because it does n't matter anymore , right ? '' 
 julian nodded and then hesitated as if afraid to bring something up . 
 `` they told me what 's happening to you because of the tribe magic . 
 what could end up happening to me too ... '' i did n't say anything as a giant lump formed in my throat . 
 the bishop drama had helped temporarily push that issue out of my mind . 
 now , though , it was back with a vengeance . 
 `` sofie will figure it out , '' julian assured me , patting my knee . 
 `` she has to . '' 
 `` and what if she does n't , julian ? '' 
 i whispered , turning to take in his friendly face , begging for a solution . 
 julian answered by reaching out to grab hold of my hand . 
 `` then it 's you and me , babe , '' he said . 
 `` we can go back and live in the mountains . 
 or to the motherland , with our people . '' 
 then he winked . 
 `` but only if you wear that little outfit . '' 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i smacked his chest but burst into giggles . 
 it felt good . 
 i had n't laughed in a while . 
 i opened my mouth , a thank-you on my lips , when a deep , feral growl in the shadows stopped me cold . 
 an inhuman sound . 
 my body , already frozen from the cold , now solid with terror . 
 grasping at julian 's arm , i slowly leaned forward and hazarded a peek around the edge of the gazebo wall , searching the source , preparing to scream like a banshee for max . 
 behind a thorny bush , i caught sight of a wolf at least twice the size that i expected a wolf to be . 
 its white fur sparkled with snowflakes , shining under the moonlight , while its peculiar humanlike eyes peered back at us . 
 `` is that ... yeti one ? '' 
 julian whispered , shocked . 
 `` i think so , but ... if it is why is he growling at us ? '' 
 he was n't focused on us , i realized . 
 something behind us had his attention . 
 slowly , stiffly , unable to breathe , i turned to see what had this werewolf 's fur in a bunch . 
 about ten feet away , half hidden by a wide bush , a tall , tawny-haired form stood in the shadows . 
 caden , his hands in his pant pockets and watching in silence , his expression set in a way that did n't hint at an ounce of fear , but he certainly was n't comfortable , either . 
 i was n't sure if yeti one had issue with caden because he was a vampire or because he stood in the shadows , spying on us . 
 how long had he been there ? 
 what had he heard ? 
 cold fear crawled through my insides with icy slowness , taking its time until every inch of me was filled with guilty dread . 
 i replayed the conversation in my head . 
 we had been careful , guarded with our words , right ? 
 but what exactly did we say ? 
 his cover now compromised , caden stepped forward . 
 yeti one took this as his leave to disappear into nothingness , pleased that he had exposed the intruder . 
 caden offered me a small crooked smile . 
 `` cooled off yet ? '' 
 i felt the heat creep up in my cheeks , embarrassment quickly replacing anger . 
 `` you need to come inside . 
 you 're frozen , '' he scolded . 
 another wave of stubbornness hit me . 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' i said , as my body hunched inward to ward off the cold , now deeply rooted in my bones . 
 not convincing . 
 judging by his sigh of exasperation , caden did n't buy it , either . 
 caden 's gaze shifted to julian and with it , the already frigid temperatures plummeted to an arctic chill . 
 his smile disappeared , replaced with what i could only describe as a look of restraint-like he was envisioning launching julian into the hedge . 
 now i see what julian 's talking about . 
 `` can i talk to my girlfriend alone ? '' 
 caden asked , his voice low . 
 my heart skipped a beat . 
 yes , he had already professed his love for me , so him referring to me as his girlfriend should be nothing . 
 and yet , in all the turmoil and doom tainting our daily lives , that identity reminded me that my one shining ray of light had n't abandoned me . 
 `` go ahead , '' julian answered , his own voice taking on that cocky harshness he 'd used with me upon our first meeting . 
 `` are we okay ? '' 
 he asked softly , grabbing my hands and squeezing . 
 i answered with a small smile . 
 `` yeah , we 're okay . 
 or we will be . '' 
 he struggled to stand , using my shoulder as leverage , and then walked past caden without even a glimpse in his direction , disappearing inside . 
 caden , on the other hand , glared after him the entire way . 
 only when julian was gone did caden step into the gazebo . 
 `` i know we seem cold and heartless sometimes , but ... , '' he began , his voice drifting off as he took the seat julian had just vacated . 
 i gazed at his profile , at this beautiful but tortured creature . 
 i was bursting to touch him . 
 to lean up against him , to feel the contours of his shoulders beneath my fingers , to nuzzle my nose into his neck . 
 yet that little voice inside my head warned me against it for so many reasons . 
 you 're no good for him ! 
 it whispered . 
 you 're morphing ! 
 soon , your touch will kill him ! 
 it reminded me . 
 you may as well let him go now ! 
 gritting my teeth , incapable of controlling myself , my hand cautiously reached forward , halting inches away from his , unable to close the distance . 
 my throat clenched as jade eyes shifted to lock on my face , revealing nothing about the thoughts behind them . 
 they slid down to study my hand hovering dangerously close to his but still , silence . 
 say something , caden . 
 anything . 
 suddenly , his fingers closed over my hand . 
 he squeezed tightly , the contact waking up my entire body . 
 i released the breath i 'd been holding for far too long . 
 my touch would n't harm him yet . 
 i leaned in against him . 
 `` you guys are right . 
 i know that . 
 i just overreacted . '' 
 i admitted , pressing my forehead to his cheek , inhaling his scent . 
 caden 's body shifted as he wrapped his arm around my back . 
 he did n't speak . 
 `` girlfriend , huh ? '' 
 i smiled , peering up shyly into his beautiful face . 
 he returned the smile but i could n't help notice the twinkle missing from his eye , in its place , disquiet . 
 something was bothering him . 
 i felt my own smile fading in reaction . 
 he scooped me up and pulled me onto his lap , his strong arms wrapped around my waist . 
 `` do you know what drew me to you ? '' 
 he asked quietly , his eyes rolling over my entire face , pausing on my mouth . 
 `` my humanlike qualities , '' i said , grinning . 
 `` well , i guess so . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` you are so human ... so innocent . '' 
 `` you mean naive ? '' 
 one side of his mouth raised into a half-smile . 
 but then the smile melted away , replaced with a stony mask . 
 `` i mean honest . 
 it 's like you could n't lie . 
 i loved that about you . '' 
 could n't . 
 loved . 
 past tense . 
 my stomach did a nosedive into my frozen feet as dread surged . 
 i did n't know what was coming next , but i sensed it would n't be good . 
 caden 's gaze shifted away from me . 
 my mouth worked around a few words but finally gave up , incapable of forming them . 
 `` your honesty is what sets you apart from all the deception swirling around us . 
 all the lies , the deceit . 
 the vampires . 
 this life that i 've lived for seven hundred years . 
 i knew i could trust you not to lie to me ... until now . '' 
 like an arrow driven through my heart , caden 's words paralyzed me with their crippling pain . 
 the cold no longer mattered . 
 i felt nothing but utter and complete wretchedness . 
 `` you can trust me , '' i whispered , forcing the words past the giant lump in my throat . 
 `` i would never lie to you . '' 
 liar ! 
 you 're lying right now ! 
 omission is lying ! 
 caden 's jaw tightened . 
 he paused before speaking again , as if hesitating . 
 `` maybe not lie but ... there 's something you 're not telling me . 
 about julian . '' 
 my insides spilled out of my feet now and hit the cold snowy ground . 
 even with the tribe 's magic masking my secrets , that inner toil over holding julian 's secret was still obvious enough to caden . 
 again , my mouth opened to speak but failed to form the much-needed words of defense . 
 how could i deny it without it being a lie ? 
 caden 's hand found its way to my chin . 
 pinching it , he turned my face to meet his again . 
 `` i tried to kill you , evangeline , '' he said slowly . 
 i frowned , confused by the sudden change of topic . 
 `` yes , but - '' he cut me off with a soft shushing sound . 
 `` and then you were sent out into exile for an indefinite time . 
 it could have been forever . 
 you knew nothing about what was going on . 
 for all you knew , i was a blood-crazed evil maniac who had used you to get here . 
 you were imprisoned with that guy . 
 he 's not bad-looking , i guess . '' 
 resentment seeped into his voice . 
 `` i 'd understand if something ... happened . '' 
 `` happened ? '' 
 i echoed , trying to get his meaning , my brow crinkling as i focused on the ground beside us , thoroughly confused . 
 `` you know ... between you two ? '' 
 happened ... my jaw dropped as the realization hit me . 
 of all things , i had n't expected that . 
 caden was ... jealous ? 
 seriously ? 
 i turned to find him watching me , his face expressionless , unreadable , but his stare screaming loudly . 
 he believed there was something more to julian and me than friendship , and he was jealous ! 
 of course ! 
 no wonder he 'd acted that way around julian ! 
 if this was n't such a serious situation , i may have laughed . 
 caden ? 
 like i could so much as bat an eye at another man after you ? 
 before i could speak , caden started again , his jaw taut . 
 `` do n't deny it , eve . 
 do n't you dare even think about it . 
 i heard you guys talking . 
 now . 
 before , when we first got here . 
 i heard it all . 
 and the looks you give him every time he 's with amelie . 
 like you ca n't stand it ... '' in shock by this sudden change in direction , i furiously rifled through my memories of my conversations with julian . 
 i could n't remember exact details . 
 we were careful about what we said . 
 we had n't mentioned anything about the tattoo or the sentinel . 
 there was nothing ! 
 nothing at all ! 
 maybe ... were we too careful ? 
 were we so vague that , to an outsider lurking in the bushes , could it have been interpreted as a romantic tryst ? 
 and of course i could n't stand seeing amelie and julian together . 
 they were doomed . 
 i slid my arms from caden 's neck and folded them over my chest , studying the snowy ground as i struggled to form thoughts . 
 caden knew i was hiding something . 
 denying would make it worse . 
 it would only drive a larger wedge between us . 
 but i could n't tell him julian 's secret . 
 i 'd be a death sentence for my friend . 
 what did i do ? 
 let caden think i had cheated on him ? 
 well , was it cheating ? 
 under the circumstances ... he 'd all but given me the green light to do it . 
 he had tried to kill me , after all . 
 a sick feeling roiled through me as my brain negotiated with my heart . 
 as much as i despised the idea of caden thinking i had been with julian , it was his ego or my friend 's death . 
 i had to choose . 
 this moment would either kill julian or save him . 
 i knew what i had to choose . 
 the lesser of two evils . 
 had n't i just finished saying i could never lie to him ? 
 before i could chicken out , i forced the words out in a rush . 
 `` it was only that one time . '' 
 those six words wrenched out my insides . 
 i did n't dare look up as hot tears streamed down my cheeks , for fear of him seeing through my lie . 
 at first , only silence met my admission of guilt . 
 but then i heard the sharp intake of air . 
 caden 's arms dropped from my body to his sides , ripping off a chunk of my humanity he loved so much with them . 
 he said nothing . 
 we sat in agonizing silence for what seemed like forever . 
 finally , unable to bear it any longer , i hazarded a glance up . 
 caden 's eyes were distant , the pain of betrayal dancing within them . 
 this was a thousand times worse than if he had stormed off . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 i cried . 
 i 'm sorry for lying to you . 
 `` did you ... , '' he began but did n't finish , his jaw clenched . 
 `` it was just a kiss ! '' 
 i blurted out at the same time that he began shaking his head . 
 `` no , wait , i do n't want to know . '' 
 he rubbed at his brow with his fingertips . 
 i so desperately wanted to grab that hand and pull it to my chest , to have him tell me it was okay . 
 but i dared not touch him or test him in any way , afraid of how he would react to my supposed betrayal . 
 so i simply sat on his lap and waited . 
 finally , so slowly , those strong arms found their way back to me , wrapping around my body once again , pulling me against his chest . 
 `` please forgive me , '' i managed to whisper beyond the sharp lump in my throat . 
 my body jolted back within his grasp as he pushed me away from his chest . 
 he leveled me with an incredulous stare . 
 `` forgive you ? 
 for what ? 
 there 's nothing to forgive ! 
 after what i did to you , i have no right to be angry . '' 
 leaning back against the bench , he lifted his arms to cradle the back of his head . 
 i watched quietly as he stared up at the sky , his adam 's apple jutting out provocatively . 
 with hesitation , i reached up and traced it softly with the tips of my fingers . 
 `` you 're everything to me , caden . 
 please believe me . '' 
 after a long pause , his arms unfolded from the back of his head and his fingers entwined with mine . 
 he tipped his head back down to stare at me with a burning intensity . 
 `` i do believe you , '' he whispered , pulling my fingertips to his lips , setting fire to them despite the cold . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'll do if i turn into one of those things . 
 if i ca n't do this , '' i whispered , choked with emotion . 
 caden 's jaw set firmly . 
 `` it 's not happening . 
 it wo n't happen . '' 
 `` yeah , but ... '' `` it wo n't happen ! 
 stop thinking about it ! '' 
 he yelled , his voice carrying through the empty , cold night as he pulled my head close to his chest . 
 though there was no warmth coming from his body , it still ignited heat within me . 
 then , abruptly , caden was sitting up straight , his attention riveted toward the chateau , a guarded expression on his face . 
 two seconds later , the baying of wolves confirmed it . 
 `` they 're here . '' 
 and just like that , our time in the sleeping garden under the winter stars was over . 
 in the next moment , my frozen body was enveloped in the warmth of the chateau again . 
 `` you need to go change into something warmer now , evie . 
 you 're going to end up with pneumonia , '' caden scolded , herding me toward the foyer . 
 `` come with me , '' i whispered , grasping his hand before he could break free . 
 a smile touched his lips , sparking joy in me . 
 maybe it would n't matter that caden thought julian and i had something after all . 
 `` they need me down here ... max ? 
 you around ? '' 
 in seconds , the tip-tapping of those claws announced my werebeast 's presence . 
 caden gave my icy hand a squeeze and then let it drop . 
 `` max will go with you and then show you the way down to the meeting place , okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to meet lilly ? '' 
 i asked , surprised . 
 caden nodded and i could tell he was n't happy with the idea . 
 `` sofie wants you there for some reason . 
 she thinks it 's important . '' 
 `` okay , '' i agreed , wanting nothing more than to curl up under my duvet with caden and erase the worry , doubt , and pain that i had just falsely planted inside him . 
 that would need to come later , though . 
 he turned to walk away . 
 `` caden ! 
 stop ! '' 
 i rushed forward and threw my arms around him , squeezing him like i might never be able to again , which was entirely possible . 
 his hands slid down to caress the small of my back . 
 `` do n't tell amelie . 
 please , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 the fewer people involved in my lies , the better . 
 especially amelie . 
 or , more specifically , crazy amelie . 
 i winced , almost able to feel the ground as she bashed my head against it . 
 caden pulled away , pausing to look down at me , a sting in his gaze that ripped out my heart . 
 `` we 're all better off with her not knowing , '' he finally agreed with a stern nod . 
 then he disappeared . 
 at some point during the day , a wardrobe of everything from sweaters and jeans to socks and underwear made its way to my room . 
 i did n't spend any time thinking about it , grabbing the first warm set of something that did n't contrast too greatly . 
 yanking a rose v-neck over my head , i hurried max out the door and tore down the flight of stairs , hoping to join the others in the meeting place before lilly made it there . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was make a grand entrance . 
 that 'd be like walking into a new classroom after a lecture had begun . 
 except that the entire classroom was full of vampires and instead of a stern look from the teacher , i could end up with missing limbs ... max led me through a new wing of the chateau that i had not been in before . 
 turning a corner , i skidded to a halt to avoid slamming into a small horde of scruffy mountain men . 
 these had to be the wolves ! 
 yeti one and yeti two stood guarding a set of solid black doors . 
 what did sofie say their names were ? 
 kiril and ... ? 
 seeing them tickled me with bittersweet familiarity . 
 i knew nothing about them , had never uttered a single word to them , but being near them reminded me of leo . 
 they offered stiff nods to max and me but said nothing . 
 i had yet to hear them speak english . 
 i wondered if they could . 
 with a firm push , yeti one propped a door open for me . 
 stick close to me and keep quiet , max warned . 
 swallowing a gulp of air , i scooted by the yetis , ushering max ahead of me into the room with my hands against his rump . 
 i could n't help but be momentarily awestruck by the chosen location of this gathering . 
 with the full height of the chateau looming over me , the massive unfurnished room must have played host to a royal ball or two in its day . 
 gothic stained-glass windows lined two walls behind a row of archways . 
 an imposing , ornate fireplace filled the end . 
 not one but four enormous bronze candelabras illuminated the intricate marble floor . 
 i caught the scent of fresh paint , which told me that the room had recently undergone work and yet , as i surveyed its vaulted ceilings , curving in an archway of sculpted plaster , i had to believe the room 's historical characteristics were original . 
 i quickly lost interest in the architecture , though . 
 in the center of the room sat a ring of twelve chairs , none of them occupied . 
 six foreign faces loomed around the ring-all smooth as stone , all unreadable , all locked on me . 
 my body had yet to warm from my senseless jaunt outside but my blood turned to ice , shivers skittering through my core . 
 way worse than being late for class ... a breeze , a brush of something against my back ... half turning , i felt caden 's body pressing up behind mine , his mouth hovering over my right ear . 
 my skin began to tingle . 
 he thinks i betrayed him , my touch will soon be lethal , and yet he 's willing to protect me . 
 with a trembling hand , i reached back to clutch his fingers . 
 taking a deep breath , i turned back to regard the group , now feeling marginally safer . 
 the six new faces stood as a poker-faced wall to oppose `` the enemy '' : mage , viggo , sofie , and mortimer . 
 amelie stood off in a corner with julian tucked in behind her . 
 why he was here , risking his own safety , was beyond me . 
 why i was here was also questionable . 
 no doubt sofie had her reasons , though . 
 all except one of the vampires looked to be in their twenties to early thirties , based on physical appearance . 
 and as usual , all were striking beyond measure . 
 four males stood side by side like soldiers , frozen and grim-faced , dressed in perfectly tailored dark clothing . 
 next to them , a brunette woman in a full-length red leather jacket and thigh-high stiletto boots faced off against sofie , a pinched glare on her face . 
 the little hairs on my neck lifted . 
 that has to be lilly . 
 such a pretty name for such a hideous thing . 
 as alarmingly scary as lilly was , it was the female vampiress standing next to her who garnered my attention . 
 it was n't because of the shiny black bob framing her tiny porcelain doll face ; it was n't because of the way she eyed me , genuine curiosity sparkling in her pale blue irises , or that she was smiling . 
 it was because she was a child ! 
 no more than twelve or thirteen in appearance , though she held none of the gangly or awkward traits of a prepubescent . 
 above all the fear and guilt that i stepped into this room carrying , my heart ached for this poor girl . 
 what monster would transform a child ? 
 despite the tension in the room-thick enough to choke a person-i returned the little girl 's smile , finding solace in it . 
 in a room full of vipers , this little creature appeared so refreshing , so innocent , so unpretentious ... lilly spoke , her acrid voice ruining the moment . 
 `` she 's human , '' she stated without so much as a glimpse in my direction , red lips twisting derisively . 
 `` only a little different , i sense ... , '' the child murmured with the most lovely british accent , her head cocking to the side . 
 she had to be sensing the tribal magic within me . 
 the sound of hands clapping bounced around the cavernous room . 
 `` bravo , kait , '' viggo said , his cold gaze settling on lilly , needling her with a smirk . 
 `` i can see why lilly has added you to her harem . '' 
 i frowned . 
 wait a minute ... if lilly is kait , then who is ... `` evangeline , meet lilly , '' sofie introduced calmly , gesturing toward the child . 
 that 's lilly ? 
 i gawked openly , shocked . 
 this was the wicked , dangerous vampire who had everyone in a frenzy ? 
 those pale blue eyes shifted to me again . 
 `` hello , '' i stumbled . 
 with a struggle , i managed another smile . 
 she did n't return it this time . 
 `` you tell me you are desperate for our help and that you have venom again , and yet you flaunt two humans , both fond of their vampire companions . '' 
 lilly 's pointed at caden and me to prove her claim . 
 `` why on earth would i believe you ? 
 please explain . '' 
 listening to her speak , to her language , a prickle of discomfort crawled down my spine , the temporary sense of her innocence dissolving faster than sugar in boiling water . 
 mage was the one who answered . 
 `` try to sense her emotions , her mood and see if - '' `` i already have , '' lilly cut her off in her childlike british lilt , pausing . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 she 's a blur . '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's the effect of an anti-vampire magic coursing through her body due to ... an unfortunate event , '' sofie explained . 
 `` we can not convert her yet . '' 
 `` an unfortunate event ? 
 another one of your mistakes ? '' 
 lilly 's tone had turned hostile . 
 they glared at each other , exchanging a silent understanding . 
 `` why is she here then ? 
 why are either of the humans here ? '' 
 good question , lilly . 
 `` i brought her here tonight because , well ... '' sofie 's voice buckled slightly as if the next words pained her , `` she means a great deal to me . 
 everything to me , in fact . '' 
 for just a second , her features softened . 
 it only lasted an instant and then she was back to hard-ass sofie , leveling lilly with her confident gaze . 
 `` i could have hidden her from you . 
 i did n't . 
 i want you to see that i am trusting you implicitly with all knowledge . 
 that is how critical this situation is . '' 
 that 's why i was here ? 
 a sign of good faith ? 
 lilly seemed to consider that for a moment before she spoke again . 
 `` and what about your end of the deal for bringing us here ? 
 are you going to uphold that ? '' 
 this time , her question was directed at viggo . 
 the corners of his mouth curved into a maddening grin . 
 `` time will tell , i suppose . '' 
 lilly 's eyes shifted to the four male vampires standing on the other side of kait . 
 then , a smear of movement , a shout , a jostle . 
 in the next instant , the sound of shattering glass filled the room as caden crashed through a stained-glass window . 
 max 's massive body soared dangerously close to the fireplace , and a strong hand squeezed my jaw , twisting my head back to expose my neck . 
 my knees buckled but my captor held me firm . 
 in another flash , mage was across the room , restraining caden who was covered in glass , speckles of quickly healing cuts on his face and neck . 
 mortimer had his broad arms wrapped around a snarling max , yelling at him to keep back . 
 amelie had shoved julian back behind one of the columns and stood in front of him in a fighting stance . 
 behind us , the doors crashed open and two giant wolves in full form appeared , growling , waiting for the order from sofie to attack . 
 in under five seconds , complete chaos had taken over the situation . 
 only sofie , viggo , kait , and lilly remained motionless and composed . 
 `` so what happens if galen bites her ? '' 
 lilly asked calmly . 
 i assumed galen was the one holding me . 
 `` ask the last vampire who did , '' viggo responded . 
 `` and where is - '' lilly began . 
 `` dead , '' came his quick , flippant response . 
 `` her teeth marks are still there on her neck if you do n't believe me . '' 
 sofie threw a fiery glare at him , a warning to shut up and stop goading her . 
 his taunts were clearly working , based on lilly 's glower as she regarded her nemesis . 
 god-what have you done to her , you psycho ? 
 she paused for a moment and then she rephrased her question , her eyebrow arching . 
 `` what happens if galen breaks her neck ? '' 
 `` as we 've already explained , '' sofie began , and i heard the ice trickle into her voice , `` we can not convert her because of the poison in her body . 
 if galen bites her , he will die . '' 
 the next sentence she delivered not as a warning or a possibility . 
 it was with the certainty that the sun would rise and set . 
 `` if he breaks her neck , you will all die , right here , right now . '' 
 by the gleam in her eyes , by her stance , by the fury radiating off her like a fire 's heat , there was no doubt to anyone that sofie was ready to unleash a magical assault that would rival hiroshima 's blast . 
 even though it would be the worst mistake she could make , even though she would be dooming the fate of the entire world by retaliating , i could bet my life that she would torch this entire building if they killed me . 
 in that second , despite my perilous position , i silently thanked myself for keeping veronique 's predicament a secret . 
 sofie 's warning had the desired effect . 
 with the smallest head tilt from lilly , the viselike grip on my face loosened and the four vampires reformed their solid line . 
 i stumbled back a step , struggling to stay upright as my legs wobbled . 
 i needed caden , his arms , his chest , his strength . 
 right now . 
 his furious eyes were glued on galen , his nostrils flaring , pure hatred marring his beautiful face . 
 i knew he was picturing how he would rip the vampire apart . 
 i pleaded to mage with my eyes . 
 do n't let him ! 
 mage leaned in and whispered something in caden 's ear and , as if her words slapped him out of whatever murderous rampage he was about to undertake , his head snapped back to me . 
 her hands slipped off his body and he moved behind me again , his arms wrapped tightly around me in a protective embrace . 
 no one was separating us again , he was saying . 
 i let my body fall into him . 
 `` now that we 've cleared all that up . '' 
 mage reassumed her position beside sofie . 
 `` fine , '' kait spat , crossing her arms over her ample chest . 
 `` we have humans without poison coursing through their bodies . 
 let 's bring them here and test your venom on them . '' 
 viggo burst out laughing . 
 `` well , then , what incentive would you have for helping us ? '' 
 he made a tsking sound . 
 `` that 's not how these negotiations work . 
 first you help us . 
 then we help you . '' 
 `` when have you ever helped anyone but yourself , viggo ? '' 
 she growled . 
 he answered with that infuriating grin of his . 
 `` what exactly are you asking for help with ? '' 
 lilly interrupted their banter , annoyance obvious in her voice . 
 she stepped forward and took a seat in the chair in front of her . 
 it was a sign of good will , of trust that they would n't try to strike her down . 
 the others followed suit . 
 following and protecting their leader . 
 `` we need to stop the end of the world as we know it , '' sofie answered without a moment of preamble . 
 i surveyed their faces intently . 
 to me , that should have garnered some sort of reaction . 
 an eyebrow raise , a mouth twitch , something . 
 nothing . 
 `` are you referring to the mess you 've gotten yourself into with the witches and the sentinel ? '' 
 kait 's smirk was galling . 
 `` no , kait , '' sofie replied softly . 
 `` i 'm referring to the longstanding war that has now taken a turn for the worse . 
 i 'm talking about the firsthand experience of a war between vampire and sentinel that has destroyed one world already and now threatens to destroy this one . 
 will destroy this one . 
 you want venom to turn your human mate , kait ? 
 what about saving all humans so you can continue wearing your gaudy outfits and living your life of luxury ? '' 
 kait opened her mouth but faltered . 
 no one else said anything . 
 sofie had their attention . 
 she continued . 
 `` the end of humans-and possibly the end of us-is imminent , unless we do something about it . 
 this war with the sentinel and the sorceresses is guaranteed to spiral out of control . 
 it is already headed in that direction . '' 
 you could hear a pin drop for the silence in the room . 
 finally , lilly cleared her voice . 
 `` for the last hundred or so years , you three have burrowed in new york , ignoring what was going on right under your noses , and now all of a sudden , we must save the world ? 
 why ? 
 because your palace was attacked ? '' 
 `` and what has been going on , lilly ? '' 
 mortimer asked , stepping forward to take the seat across from her . 
 another act of good will . 
 of collaboration rather than confrontation . 
 galen drew a folded newspaper from the inside of his jacket and tossed it to the ground . 
 i could n't read it from where i stood , but i did n't need to . 
 `` jonah ... '' mage muttered , her lip curled in disdain . 
 jonah was the mutant vampire who broke free of viggo 's place against mage 's orders . 
 sofie sighed . 
 `` yes , that 's a problem , '' she admitted , adding , `` but only a recent one . '' 
 `` and how long before the same headlines make it to reputable newspapers ? '' 
 galen spat back . 
 `` you caused this . 
 we know he came from under your roof . 
 how he got there in the first place , one must wonder . '' 
 he had a thick italian accent . 
 i did n't like it . 
 `` yes , we did . 
 i did . 
 i will own that blame and i will take care of it , '' mage answered , her arms crossed over her chest . 
 `` it does n't change our need to work together to solve this impending doom . '' 
 `` now you want to do something about it ? 
 finally ? 
 while you 've been decorating your palace , pretending that our enemies do n't exist , they 've been getting stronger , more integrated into everything , '' lilly said . 
 `` integrated where , exactly ? '' 
 sofie asked . 
 lilly looked down at her lap to study her childlike hands-hands that should 've been adjusting doll clothes but were more likely used to choke the life out of grown men . 
 `` oh , how about the military , the governments , police force , religious organizations ... everywhere . '' 
 viggo rolled his eyes . 
 `` and how do you know this ? '' 
 `` because we have n't been hiding in our hole like gophers , '' kait threw back at him . 
 `` we 've been watching . 
 studying . 
 learning . 
 fighting . '' 
 `` and what have you learned ? '' 
 mortimer probed , ignoring her insult , though i could tell by his glower that he 'd prefer to tear her head off . 
 a chorus of vicious laughter . 
 `` that 's not how these negotiations work , '' lilly purred , parroting viggo 's earlier jibe . 
 `` we have something you want and you say you have something we want . '' 
 her lip curled . 
 `` for all we know , this is one of your ploys to eliminate us . '' 
 `` wake up , lilly ! 
 why would we want to do that now ? 
 with this force growing against us ? 
 there are n't enough of us to fight as it is ! '' 
 mortimer answered , his voice rising to its typical booming level . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 i 'm sure you 'd find a reason . 
 you 've found reasons for the craziest ideas before . '' 
 again , those furtive eyes going to viggo . 
 `` now , now , '' viggo answered . 
 `` be more cooperative , my dear lilly . 
 your mother would n't be proud of this attitude of yours . '' 
 `` you leave my mother out of this ! '' 
 the suddenness of her shriek made me jump , her shrill voice piercing my eardrum . 
 she was on her feet instantly , her cool , calm composure gone , her bottom lip quivering , appearing ready to burst into tears . 
 she shook visibly , whether from anger or fear , i did not know . 
 maybe both . 
 `` we are not lying , and we do need your help , '' mage said soothingly . 
 kait snorted . 
 `` why do n't you just create an army , then ? '' 
 `` now why did n't we think of that ? '' 
 viggo retorted , his hands lifting to the sky dramatically , sarcasm thick in his tone . 
 `` four vampires in this world can transform a human and none of us will do it for the purposes of war , '' mage explained calmly , ignoring viggo . 
 she paused to look at the newspaper on the floor . 
 `` well , five technically , though jonah will be too busy murdering people to convert them . '' 
 `` four ? '' 
 lilly asked , her voice calm again as she sat back down , her eyes dancing over the group . 
 `` i see three here . '' 
 `` yes , one of us is ... indisposed at the moment , '' mage answered , a sad smile on her face . 
 `` and he 's good for nothing more than getting himself killed right now . 
 creating vampires to fight against humans is exactly how the war in my world began . 
 we 'll do anything we can to avoid a repeat . '' 
 the six of them shared a puzzled what is she talking about ? 
 look with each other before turning back to mage . 
 `` your world ? '' 
 lilly murmured , again with an impish grin . 
 it was fascinating , watching her switch from authoritative and cool to inquisitive child . 
 mage nodded . 
 `` sofie can give you all the details . 
 sofie ? '' 
 sofie explained in the shortest way possible-her spell to counter the venom issue , my curse , and bringing the ratheus vampires back , only to find out it 's a parallel world . 
 `` bloody witches and their magic , '' kait hissed . 
 `` i wish you 'd all just die ! 
 we would n't be dealing with any of this ! '' 
 `` well , if we do n't get a handle on this soon , your wish will come true . 
 no witch will survive when the vampires are desperate for blood , '' sofie answered coldly . 
 there was another long pause and then lilly folded her arms across her flat chest . 
 `` and how do you propose we help you ? '' 
 sofie heaved a heavy sigh , as if she already suspected what their answer would be and it would n't be favorable . 
 `` give me your allegiance . '' 
 i choked back at gasp . 
 sofie was asking viggo 's arch nemesis to bind herself to her for eternity ? 
 suddenly , i wanted to hug mortimer for divulging information to me , so i could follow along with the conversation , as crazy as it was . 
 there was a long pause and then all six of them burst out in laughter , wide-eyed looks of amused shock . 
 `` first you tell us about this other world and now you ask us bind ourselves to you . 
 this just seems too ... '' lilly said between chuckles . 
 she stood and the others followed suit . 
 `` it must be done . 
 i need to know that i can trust you . 
 that 's the only way , '' sofie answered , a touch of pleading in her tone . 
 `` all of you pledge your allegiance to me and we will keep our end of this . '' 
 she turned to give viggo a nod . 
 he vanished . 
 three seconds later , he appeared in the exact spot holding a bronze container . 
 `` viggo ... '' sofie 's eyebrows arched in that knowing way . 
 with a heave of exasperation , he leaned down and placed it on the ground in front of him , a pained look on his face as if reluctant to part with it . 
 whatever it was , i could tell it was important to lilly by the way she shifted on her feet and took a step forward . 
 kait put a hand on her forearm to hold her back . 
 i watched as lilly swallowed several times , the muscles in her neck cording . 
 `` pledge allegiance , and it 's yours , '' sofie said softly . 
 lilly 's pained eyes flickered back and forth between the bronze thing and sofie , a silent debate battling inside her mind . 
 i wondered which side would win . 
 finally , her face turned hard . 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 you 're lying about this war , '' she stated , as if passing a court ruling . 
 `` we 'll be leaving now , with the urn . 
 you promised it to me for coming here and listening . '' 
 my heart jumped . 
 no , lilly , she 's not lying . 
 if only you could see ... `` she 's telling the truth . 
 i was there , '' i blurted . 
 six heads whipped in my direction ; six unsympathetic gazes settled on me . 
 i shrunk back into caden , longing to dissolve into the marble floor . 
 sofie did n't seem fazed by lilly 's reaction . 
 `` i was afraid you 'd say that . '' 
 she turned to mage . 
 `` would you all please pay close attention to sofie ? '' 
 mage instructed in a smooth croon , soft enough to lull a baby to sleep . 
 as one , their heads turned obediently . 
 she was compelling them ! 
 `` go on . 
 show them . 
 show them my world , '' she said . 
 with a steely glare of determination , sofie closed the distance to mage and clasped hands with her . 
 then they stood , side by side , hand in hand , not moving , not speaking . 
 i knew , though , with certainty , that a lot was happening , and it involved sofie 's magic . 
 six catatonic faces gazed at sofie . 
 i leaned back against caden , gripping his forearm tightly , desperate to see what sofie was showing them . 
 i studied lilly 's pale blue eyes with fascination as they drifted through seven hundred years of war , death , escape , and the evolving hell that mage had come to know-the hell that earth would become . 
 suddenly , tiny red lines spidered across those blue irises , destroying their delicate beauty , taking away all impressions of the child before me . 
 they were now the eyes of a hungry vampire . 
 the same hideous transformation was happening in each of them . 
 i turned my face to the side to bury it against caden 's chest , unwilling to watch what had haunted so many of my nights . 
 sofie 's musical voice broke the silence . 
 `` so now you have seen firsthand what will happen . 
 do not doubt that it will happen here as well . '' 
 six heads jerked as if slapped out of their trances , all of them looking between sofie and mage , their heads shaking back and forth absently . 
 and then , like a switch going off inside lilly , i saw her eyes narrow at mage , her hands flexed at her thighs . 
 it did n't take long to learn why . 
 `` she 's the original ! '' 
 she shrieked , throwing an accusatory finger at mage , unmasking the ancient vampiress for what she could do . 
 but how did lilly know what the original vampire could do when even sofie had n't known ? 
 the announcement knocked the others out of their bewildered state . 
 feral hisses exploded in the room , transforming the place into a pit of snakes . 
 caden 's arms constricted around my body until i struggled to breathe . 
 i was sure this was it . 
 i was sure the war would begin here . 
 my heart stopped , waiting for the initial explosion , wondering who would survive , who else i would lose . 
 a scream sat on the tip of my tongue , a plea of mercy . 
 for the briefest of seconds , an eerie silence hung over the room . 
 lilly 's head whipped around and her gaze held mine ... it was only a second but those eyes ... they were intentionally on me . 
 and then ... they vanished . 
 all six of them . 
 the last thing i saw was the trailing red leather of kait 's long jacket as she passed through the already shattered window . 
 so quick , so sudden an exit that my mind barely registered the sting as something sliced into my flesh . 
 not until a wet feeling trickled along my skin and i glanced down to see red fluid flowing freely down my arm , crawling over caden 's hand , dripping onto the cream marble tile floor did the throb begin . 
 someone had attacked me , and i was sure it was someone with a cute short bob and sweet sky blue irises . 
 `` oh god , '' amelie moaned from her corner in the room , scrambling back against the wall . 
 caden whipped my body around to face me . 
 he grabbed hold to stare at the gaping gash running half the length of my forearm . 
 dropping my arm , he held out his hand . 
 it was coated completely in my blood . 
 so much blood . 
 i sucked in a gasp as i saw those tiny red lines began to form , to grow , to pulsate . 
 to show his overpowering hunger for me . 
 for my blood . 
 blood that would kill him with just one taste . 
 `` caden ! 
 back up right now ! '' 
 sofie screamed , her voice sounding distant and muffled as my own blood pounded inside my head , terror locking every muscle in my body . 
 caden 's jaw tightened . 
 slowly , he slid backward away from me . 
 one step , another , another , away from me and my toxic blood . 
 then he bolted out the broken window . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 sofie yelled , panicked . 
 `` mortimer , viggo , please stop him before he attacks them . '' 
 mortimer and viggo obliged for once without a single word . 
 as they passed me , i caught viggo 's quick scan of my arm . 
 his nostrils flared , the faintest lines of red forming in his eyes . 
 even viggo was struggling . 
 the next few moments felt like an out-of-body experience . 
 i hardly registered cool hands gripped around my waist . 
 mage , standing beside me and holding me steady in case i toppled over . 
 i heard the sound of ripping fabric as sofie ripped a strip off the bottom of her black turtleneck . 
 my thoughts were consumed by one thing and one thing only : what would one drop of my blood do to caden ? 
 `` hold her arm up , '' sofie instructed mage , and my arm was instantly yanked up into the air . 
 sofie wrapped the strip around my bicep and tied it off , mumbling absently , `` we have to stop the bleeding ... get rid of this blood ... kiril ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 the door burst open and yeti one appeared . 
 `` towels . 
 now , '' she ordered . 
 he disappeared without a word . 
 a soft whimper sounded from somewhere in the room . 
 sofie 's head whipped around . 
 `` max ! 
 get amelie out of here . 
 now ! '' 
 she barked . 
 max did n't need to do much . 
 amelie was already scurrying past with her head down , julian following closely , his eyebrow drawn with worry as he looked at me . 
 i 'll be fine , i mouthed with uncertainty . 
 unless lilly kills caden ... the thought buckled my knees . 
 mage 's firm grip held me upright . 
 kiril appeared beside us with a handful of towels . 
 sofie wasted no time snatching them out of his hands . 
 with adept fingers , she wound my arm tightly , careful to minimize my blood on her person . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 she asked mage through pursed lips . 
 `` just get it covered , '' mage said , her nose wrinkled as if she were fighting a repulsive odor . 
 she was , to a degree . 
 my blood , so teasing , so provoking ... so noxious . 
 `` evangeline ? '' 
 i heard my name called out , but i hardly recognized its owner . 
 someone was finally acknowledging me . 
 `` are you dizzy ? 
 in pain ? '' 
 the voice asked , like an underwater murmur . 
 `` no ... '' i answered numbly , thinking that was the right answer as i stared at the pool of blood now formed on the floor beneath me . 
 my toxic , leprous blood . 
 my blood is poison . 
 i am poison . 
 i will kill caden . 
 just like sofie killed nathan . 
 then i 'd be like her , laying flowers on a tombstone . 
 the pattern in the marble floor began to swirl and dance beneath me . 
 i lifted my eyes to the gaping hole where caden had run out . 
 he was gone now . 
 would he come back ? 
 he would be smart not to . 
 it was only a matter of time before i killed him ... `` evangeline ! '' 
 sofie called out sharply . 
 my head snapped up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i barked , the edge in my voice unintentionally harsh . 
 she tempered her tone . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` like my arm was just sliced open , '' i mumbled , all the while an inner voice inside me screamed at the top of her lungs-uncontrollable , incoherent screeching . 
 i gave my head a shake , trying to silence the rising panic . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` lilly cut you with a piece of glass , '' sofie explained , `` and your blood is exceptionally potent now . '' 
 she wrapped another towel around my arm . 
 `` damn it ! 
 i wish i could heal this ! '' 
 `` exceptionally potent ? '' 
 i echoed her slowly . 
 `` yes , it 's more enticing than it used to be . 
 there 's something about it ... i ca n't peg what it is ... it 's harder to resist . '' 
 she finished tying the rag , her jaw taut . 
 `` there . 
 that should stop the bleeding for now . '' 
 i winced . 
 the rag was tight . 
 `` this is another part of this change i 'm undergoing , is n't it ? '' 
 i could n't keep the reproachful tone out of my voice . 
 she blinked several times . 
 minty irises lifted to touch my face-unconcealed , raw emotion in them-and back down to my arm again so fast i almost missed it . 
 with a heavy exhale , she whispered , `` yes . 
 i believe it might be . '' 
 another sign of what was to come . 
 i stifled a sob . 
 `` fantastic . 
 so the fates have wrapped my diseased body up into a nice big bloody bow for you all ! '' 
 i was yelling now but i could n't help it . 
 it was that or break down and cry . 
 `` you 're not diseased , '' sofie 's voice was now tranquil again but her words flat , dead . 
 `` that 's easy for you to say . 
 it 's not you ! 
 it 's never been you going through this ! '' 
 she flinched as my callous words slapped her across the cheek . 
 but i did n't let up . 
 i took it one step further . 
 reaching forward , i grabbed onto her forearm with my good hand and dug my nails into her flesh . 
 each word came out slow , precise , and sharp as a razor blade . 
 `` you need to fix this . 
 now ! '' 
 her jaw clenched as she looked at me again , her face an ocean of worry and regret and defeat thinly veiled by her natural strength . 
 she said nothing , though . 
 what could she say ? 
 she 'd try . 
 that 's what she 'd do . 
 and when she did , well ... there was a definite pattern here . 
 ask the fates for help and they helped , with a side of `` new curse '' to screw you over in some other way . 
 so she 'd solve this-before or after my eyes turned yellow and i killed my friends with a graze of my finger , was up for debate . 
 what next , though ? 
 `` what 're we going to do ? '' 
 i asked softly , my voice , my words , my everything suddenly deflated . 
 she grasped my good hand in both of hers . 
 `` i will fix this , '' she promised , her voice shaky . 
 `` please , stay strong . '' 
 her eyes squeezed shut and when they opened , any sign of the vulnerable sofie was gone . 
 `` and you will go get this taken care of . 
 now . 
 ivan ! '' 
 she called through gritted teeth . 
 yeti two appeared immediately . 
 `` please stitch her up . 
 the bathroom at the end of the hall is fully equipped , '' she instructed as she tossed the remaining towels over the small pool of my blood on the marble . 
 `` and send in the staff to clean this up . 
 quickly . '' 
 with a curt soldierly nod , ivan marched over and seized my good arm without a word . 
 i turned back to sofie . 
 `` go ! '' 
 sofie ushered with a waving hand . 
 `` you 're safe with him . 
 they do n't crave blood . 
 keep pressure on your wound . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i turned to follow ivan out the door . 
 the crunch of broken glass under boots stopped me . 
 my head snapped to the gaping window to see mortimer and viggo passing through . 
 i waited . 
 and waited , my heart hammering furiously . 
 come on ... please ... please ! 
 a third figure came through . 
 ivan gripped my arm to support me as relief ransacked my body . 
 caden 's eyes were immediately on me . 
 beautiful jade eyes . 
 he had come back to me . 
 i had n't killed him . 
 i felt a tug on my arm . 
 my legs locked up stubbornly , no longer willing to follow ivan . 
 i twisted and shook my arm to no avail , desperate to break free and run to caden 's side . 
 `` they got away , '' mortimer announced , adding in `` thankfully . '' 
 `` well , i should say that went well ! '' 
 viggo strode over to where the urn used to sit , his face twisted in displeasure . 
 one of her friends must have grabbed it . 
 not lilly . 
 she was too busy mutilating me . 
 if my blood still had any impact on viggo , i could n't tell . 
 he did n't even bat an eye in my direction . 
 he could n't care less , i knew that . 
 lilly could 've escaped with my head and he 'd react the same . 
 i am a fly , an inconvenient pest to him . 
 i was okay with that ... he continued on with his sarcastic tirade . 
 `` what 's your next brilliant plan , oh , wise one ? 
 now that she has the one piece of leverage i had over her and she knows what mage is , why would she ever come back ? 
 we have no edge ! '' 
 `` we do n't want an edge , viggo , '' sofie spat back . 
 `` we need their help . 
 we need them to trust us . 
 that was our peace offering . '' 
 ivan tugged on my arm again . 
 this time i yanked it away `` what happened exactly ? '' 
 sofie sighed . 
 `` mage compelled them to hold still , allowing me to channel her memories through to them . 
 i showed them everything . 
 they saw firsthand what happened on ratheus . 
 lilly figured out what mage is . 
 she knows what an original can do . '' 
 sofie paused . 
 `` her mother was the original vampire . '' 
 my eyes shifted to viggo as a knot formed in my belly . 
 there was something there ... the pieces were sliding into place . 
 viggo had something to do with the original 's death-that much i knew . 
 that meant he had something to do with lilly 's mother 's death . 
 he probably killed her . 
 that would explain lilly 's hatred for him . 
 the mother-killer stared back at me with a smug smile , likely aware of the puzzle pieces i was putting together in my head . 
 i hate you ! 
 i want you to die ! 
 i hope lilly kills you after all of this ! 
 if it were n't for everyone else here , i 'd throw the towels on the ground and run toward him . 
 let my blood kill him ! 
 i had to force my hatred down as i dismissed the thought , turning back to sofie . 
 `` so what now ? 
 clearly she 's not happy . '' 
 i held my arm up as evidence . 
 `` now ... you go get that stitched up before your blood turns us all mad ! '' 
 sofie yelled . 
 she never yells at me . 
 cowering slightly , i glanced at caden . 
 he nodded to the door , his jaw clenching as his eyes grazed my arm . 
 terrified i 'd see those spider veins again , i willingly followed ivan out . 
 6 . 
 threats-sofie no sooner had evangeline left with ivan than caden appeared by my side , his hands digging into my biceps . 
 `` fix her ! '' 
 he hissed through bared teeth . 
 i flung his hands off my arms . 
 `` i 'm trying ! 
 do n't you think i 'm trying ? '' 
 i was in no mood for another verbal assault . 
 evangeline 's had shredded me to rags . 
 `` you 're not trying hard enough ! '' 
 his roar reverberated off the vaulted ceiling . 
 i noted mage 's weight shift in my peripheral . 
 i stayed her with a wave of my finger . 
 there was no need for her intervention . 
 caden 's rage had already collapsed , his shoulders hunched inward , grief laying siege to his fiery spirit . 
 `` i almost killed her , sofie ... '' beautiful greenish-blue eyes begged me , shattering my heart . 
 i tentatively reached up to lay one hand on his broad shoulder , the other cupping his jaw . 
 `` i 'll fix this . 
 i have to fix this . '' 
 i realized i was trying to convince myself more than anyone else . 
 `` forget the human ! '' 
 viggo cried out , his arms spread wide . 
 `` what are you going to do about lilly ? 
 what 's your brilliant new plan ? '' 
 `` she 'll come to her senses . 
 give her a day or two , '' mortimer answered for me , offering the briefest smile and head nod . 
 who would ever have thought that i would come to appreciate his company ? 
 viggo would n't let up , though . 
 `` she 's a child nurturing a century-long grudge . 
 she has no sense . '' 
 `` a grudge ? '' 
 mage 's eyebrows raised in surprise . 
 `` you murdered her mother . '' 
 `` she was n't her real mother , '' he retorted , but the fire in his voice was gone . 
 he was n't an idiot . 
 whether he felt the tiniest bit of remorse , he knew this was all on him . 
 i had only learned the reason of lilly 's hatred for viggo upon leaving the tribe 's island , after i gave him the ultimatum of pledging allegiance to me or dying . 
 even then , i thought i 'd have to tear off his toenails to get the truth out of him . 
 that 's when he finally admitted to killing lilly 's mother , who was also the original vampire . 
 apparently she betrayed him , though my instincts told me there was another , more plausible side to that story . 
 as if that were n't enough to earn lilly 's wrath , he stole the body , burned it , and hid the ashes away where lilly could never find them . 
 for what ? 
 only the fates knew ... `` we will give lilly a day or two to come to her senses , and then i will hunt her down if i must , '' mage answered calmly . 
 i sighed , as glad as ever to have mage in my corner . 
 `` and while that 's happening , i 'll be busy trying to fix evangeline and julian . 
 and bishop . '' 
 or i 'll die , trying ... 7 . 
 torture all around-evangeline i trailed ivan as he led me down the hall to a main floor bathroom . 
 without warning or asking permission , he slid his hands under my armpits and hoisted me onto the counter as if i were a child . 
 i sat quietly , putting pressure on my wound as instructed , and watched him rifle through the cabinets below until he pulled out a sizeable rectangular white box with a red cross on the front . 
 a first-aid kit-a strange thing to find in a palace of vampires , though perhaps not so strange with the ever-prepared sofie . 
 ivan unraveled the bindings around my arm in silence . 
 part of me wanted to keep the wound hidden , afraid of what i might see . 
 the bleeding had stopped , thankfully . 
 he tossed the soaked towels into the sink with one hand and reached for a giant syringe with the other . 
 he gestured to my arm . 
 grimacing , i nodded my assent but had to turn away and grit my teeth against the sting as he pricked my arm in several places . 
 within minutes , my arm was completely numb . 
 ivan continued rummaging through the box , pulling out various things-thread , gauze , ointments . 
 he went to work , cleaning my wound and the skin around it with an antiseptic and cotton pads . 
 with the blood cleaned up , it did n't look as horrific . 
 still , the gash had to be a good four inches long , stretching from just below my elbow joint to halfway down my forearm . 
 i watched with fascination as my werewolf-nursemaid threaded a needle through my skin with the grace and delicacy of a plastic surgeon . 
 in the eighteen years before i met sofie , i had n't had one stitch . 
 since meeting her , my hand had been cut open , my neck punctured-twice-and now my forearm mangled . 
 `` i 'm going to look like frankenstein 's monster by the time this is done , '' i muttered to myself as i studied the long , thin pinkish scar across my palm . 
 ivan looked up , his golden irises revealing nothing about whether he understood me , whether he even knew who frankenstein was . 
 `` scars build character . 
 they make you human . '' 
 he speaks english ! 
 i smiled , both at his gentleness and at his attempt to console me . 
 `` well , that 's good . 
 i thought they just made me ugly . '' 
 one corner of his mouth twitched into a crooked smile as he went back to work on my arm . 
 within minutes , twenty precise , neat stitches closed up the gash lilly had so stealthily granted me . 
 `` thanks ... ivan , '' he grunted , thrusting a small white pill and a glass into my hands . 
 `` for the pain . '' 
 i accepted it with a nod , tossing it back and chasing it with the water . 
 `` so all this blood does n't bother you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't smell it . '' 
 `` at all ? 
 i thought werewolves would have a keen sense of smell . '' 
 `` we do . 
 we ca n't smell your blood . 
 we ca n't smell you . 
 it 's like you are n't here anymore . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat as i processed his words . 
 `` what do you mean , anymore ? '' 
 ivan shrugged noncommittally as he packed up the medical supplies . 
 `` in siberia , you were normal . 
 now you 're not . '' 
 this must be another symptom . 
 `` you mean , like , the tribe ? 
 do they also not exist ? '' 
 another shrug . 
 `` i have not met this tribe so i can not tell you . '' 
 his hands moved rapidly and i realized he was rushing to get away from this conversation . 
 i wanted to know more . 
 `` what else ... ? 
 , '' i asked , but my voice drifted as ivan shoved his hand into his jacket pocket and pulled out a plain white envelope , thick and stiff with its contents . 
 he thrust it forward . 
 with a curious frown , i gingerly took it . 
 inside was a stack of four-by-six photographs-the ones of my time on ratheus . 
 the ones that brought me a balance of both sanity and insanity while in the mountains . 
 the last i remembered , they were in my nightstand ... `` thank you , '' i whispered , swallowing the lump in my throat , as i flipped through them , wistful longing pulling at my heart . 
 i landed on a picture of fiona and bishop , sitting on a bench , fiona 's beautiful violet eyes playfully taunting the camera . 
 full of life and love , and friendship . 
 i traced her face with my finger , memorized bishop 's smile beside her . 
 i 'll never see either of those smiles again . 
 `` ivan ? '' 
 i asked as he hastily bagged the bloody rags and gauze in a garbage bag . 
 `` what happened to all the others ? 
 in the mountains ? 
 when ursula attacked and leo sent us away , there was still staff there . 
 magda ... maria ... '' `` they are in russia . 
 safe . '' 
 a disturbing thought entered my head . 
 `` you know they 're all ... who they 're supposed to be ? '' 
 his brow furrowed as if not understanding . 
 `` i mean ... you heard about ursula , right ? 
 you know about that witch who possessed valentina ? 
 did she die ? 
 permanently ? '' 
 ivan 's grim face cracked a smile as he chuckled . 
 `` yes . 
 she is not coming back . 
 we 've made sure of it . '' 
 i hesitated , wondering what made sure of it meant but decided i did n't need to know . 
 `` and leo ? '' 
 i asked , my eyes suddenly stinging with tears . 
 `` were you able to bury him ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 sadness cloaked me . 
 `` but ... you did n't just leave him there , did you ? '' 
 again , a shake of his head . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 i trailed him down the hall , an inkling of worry growing to full-on dread by the time ivan stopped in front of a solid wood door . 
 was i going to find leo 's corpse on the other side ? 
 pushing open the door to allow me to pass , i stepped into a lady 's parlor , decorated with tasteful floral wallpaper , crown molding , and matching pastel chairs . 
 a cream-colored wall-to-wall bookcase filled one wall . 
 i half expected to see a circle of prim ladies with big hats and china teacups , crocheting handkerchiefs . 
 ivan raised a rough hand to a simple silver-plated urn sitting on a shelf . 
 `` sofie will bury him with his family . '' 
 his family . 
 maeve . 
 a slow smile touched my lips as tears rained down my cheeks , a strange feeling of closure cleansing the pain of my sudden and tragic parting with leo . 
 thankfully , ivan took that as his sign to exit . 
 he quietly slinked out , leaving me to cry alone . 
 it did n't last long , though . 
 `` i 'm going to take him to ireland , when this is all over , '' sofie said , suddenly behind me , her arm draped over my shoulder . 
 `` that 's what he wanted . '' 
 with her free hand , she lifted my injured arm to inspect the stitching . 
 `` those wolves of mine are obedient , are n't they ? '' 
 `` they ca n't sense me . 
 it 's like i do n't exist . 
 ivan told me . '' 
 `` did he now ... '' by her clenched teeth and her calm , even tone , i could tell sofie was n't surprised by this news but was n't impressed that i knew . 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 i cried out , my words thick with accusation . 
 she heaved a sigh of exasperation but then nodded . 
 `` i did n't want you to worry more about this tribe magic than you already are , so i asked them not to say anything . 
 i guess maybe they 're not so obedient after all . 
 does your arm hurt ? '' 
 she was trying to distract me . 
 i shrugged . 
 the freezing was still working , but i sensed the first signs of discomfort waiting in the shadows . 
 there was no point telling sofie that unless i wanted to heighten her anxiety , which i did n't . 
 besides , whatever that little white painkiller was , it had to kick in soon . 
 i scanned the empty room . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 `` amelie is taking a walk with julian . 
 max is out hunting with his brothers . '' 
 sofie bit her bottom lip in worried thought . 
 `` and caden is with bishop . '' 
 bishop . 
 `` when are you going to release him from the merth ? '' 
 sofie hesitated . 
 `` i do n't know yet , evangeline . 
 i ca n't say what lilly and the others are going to do , when they 're going to come back . 
 i need to be ready . '' 
 `` so ... what ? 
 we 're going to leave him bound like that forever ? 
 sofie ! 
 we ca n't do that ! 
 you have to do something ! 
 you 've got to find a way to ... bring this guy back , '' i pushed , waving the picture of a smiling bishop in front of her face . 
 `` come on ! 
 you 're sofie ! 
 you 've got the fates ' ears . 
 you can solve anything ! '' 
 `` thanks for the pep talk , '' sofie said with a wry smile . 
 but then she sighed and with it , raw pain shone through . 
 `` i 'm working on it , darling . '' 
 she placed her hand over mine . 
 `` i did have an idea but ... we 'll see if i can pull it off . 
 i 've got that to worry about , you to worry about ... '' for the first time , i noticed the dark circles under her eyes . 
 she looked exhausted . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about me , sofie . 
 i 'm safe here . '' 
 except that the love of my life came close to losing control again ; i 'm linked with your sister who 's out of her tomb and being tortured ; i have a toxic magic flowing through me that is turning me into a nocturnal yellow-eyed demon ; julian is a secret sentinel , and for some reason , a child vampire enjoys maiming me ... safe as a baby in a cradle . 
 sofie let out a loud guffaw . 
 `` safe ? 
 are you nuts ? 
 in a blink of an eye , before any of us could stop her , lilly cut you open ! 
 with caden holding you , and all of us around , she got to you . 
 and worse ! 
 i ca n't heal you , evangeline . 
 i ca n't do anything ! 
 i 'm useless where you are concerned , and it 's driving me crazy ! '' 
 her fingers rifled through her mane of red hair , leaving it in disarray . 
 `` safe , mon dieu ! '' 
 she muttered to herself , rolling her eyes . 
 i studied my newest stitch work , ivan 's words jumping out at me . 
 `` at least i 'll have character , '' i repeated , earning the flattest look i 've ever seen on sofie 's face . 
 i gave her a sheepish grin . 
 `` so , what are you going to do about lilly ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` nothing . 
 now , we wait . 
 let them stew on what we 've shown them . 
 lilly 's a lot of things , but stupid is not one of them . 
 if nothing else , she 'll be curious enough to come back . 
 she 'll come to her senses and it sounds like , when she does , she 'll have plenty to tell us . '' 
 `` she 's not going to pledge her allegiance to you , sofie . 
 you realize that , do n't you ? '' 
 `` it 's the only way i can trust her . 
 lilly 's dangerous , evangeline . 
 extremely dangerous . 
 more so than viggo in some ways . 
 she 's trapped in a child 's body and mind-she 's reckless and stubborn ; she lacks long-term vision . 
 but she has the power and speed of an ancient vampire . 
 from what i understand , she 's about twelve or thirteen hundred years old . 
 her size is her advantage . 
 she 's so small , she 's hard to catch . 
 and she 's sharp as a tack in ways that surprise even me . 
 she sees things as a child that many of us do n't detect as adults . '' 
 i stifled a yawn , exhaustion suddenly weighing me down . 
 must be all the blood loss ... `` what do you think she 'll do ? '' 
 `` that 's not for you to worry about , eve . '' 
 sofie voice grew distant and my legs began to wobble . 
 a hand gripped my good forearm as i stumbled and she led me toward the door . 
 `` you need your rest now . 
 it 's been a busy day . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i fought to get out but an enormous yawn cut in . 
 this could n't be blood loss . 
 why was i suddenly so tired ? 
 the white pill ! 
 `` sofie , ivan gave me a sleeping pill ... '' my words were becoming garbled , blending into each other . 
 things began to sway and shift and blur . 
 `` so they do listen to me sometimes ... '' she said , and i could hear the smile in her words . 
 great , sofie ca n't use magic so she 's drugging me now ... `` can you take evangeline up to her room ? 
 i do n't think she 's going to make it on her own , '' sofie said to someone . 
 i have no idea who . 
 and then my body felt like it was folding into itself as utter relaxation took over . 
 i cracked open my eyes and instantly raced to squeeze them shut , to secure them against the blinding light shining over me . 
 still , the light burned , penetrating the thin shroud of my eyelid , threatening to roast my corneas . 
 i rolled my head to the side to fight against it and crippling pain shot along the back of my neck , triggering a domino effect of agony . 
 from head to toe , every inch of my body throbbed , every nerve felt like it had been tested . 
 what the hell had happened ? 
 the last i remembered , i was with sofie in that room , talking about lilly ... then i realized she drugged me ... and i must 've fallen asleep . 
 that 's when it hit me . 
 i was n't there anymore . 
 i was with veronique . 
 a loud clunk sounded and the burning light disappeared . 
 relief . 
 with great effort , i rolled my head back and lifted an eyelid to see the culprit-a giant fluorescent bulb hovering a foot above my head . 
 my fingers slid along the surface beneath me . 
 based on the cool , smooth feel , i was on a metal surface . 
 perhaps a table of sorts . 
 `` veronique ? '' 
 i whispered and then coughed , the word scraping against my dehydrated throat . 
 i had never been so thirsty in my entire life . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she croaked . 
 a gasp followed . 
 a gasp for water . 
 i struggled to swallow a few times but could n't even form the saliva needed for that . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 i finally managed to force out . 
 of its own accord , or veronique 's accord , my arm lifted to meet my line of vision . 
 it held there , trembling , long enough for me to see the gauzy sleeve-no doubt once a pristine white but now tattered and stained with dry blood-slide away to reveal blue and yellow mottled skin peppered with burn marks . 
 there was more damaged skin than not . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 i cried out , triggering an excruciating coughing fit . 
 they were going to torture her to death . 
 i had to get her out . 
 how did i get her out ? 
 my head flopped to one side to take in large concrete blocks and no windows . 
 underground , but was she still in viggo 's place ? 
 a door creaked open and i felt veronique 's body spasm with terror . 
 forcing my head back over to the other side , i watched as two women and a man strode in . 
 i recognized the black-and-silver-haired woman from the first time-the one with the whip . 
 she reminded me of cruella de vil . 
 the other woman , with long mousy brown hair and a sour expression , was new . 
 the man , also new . 
 i immediately saw the tattoo on his thumb . 
 the sentinel 's mark . 
 `` are you ready to tell us what we want to know , veronique ? '' 
 cruella asked , a vicious grin curling her lips . 
 i felt veronique press her lips together . 
 stubborn girl . 
 brave . 
 stupid , given the circumstances but still ... brave . 
 with an annoyed shake of her head , cruella said , `` very well . 
 stan ? '' 
 the man sauntered forward until he stood at the end of the table , towering over me . 
 i heard a small click and a whooshing sound that brought back memories of a gas stove element . 
 with a raised eyebrow and too much enjoyment dancing on his face , he revealed the bright red cylinder in his hand . 
 a lit blowtorch ... i broke out in a cold sweat , already feeling the lick of that single tiny flame against my skin though it had n't neared me yet . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 i blurted out , desperate to buy veronique some time before the next round of barbarity began . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't tell her anything ! '' 
 veronique cried out in defense . 
 the two witches ' eyes narrowed with suspicion . 
 uh oh ... cruella bent forward to study me , her face so close i could count the stitch holes of a tiny silver scar above her left eyebrow , so close the smell of stale coffee on her breath curled my nostrils . 
 `` do you think she 's finally cracked ? '' 
 the other one asked . 
 `` split personality ? '' 
 cruella paused , sucking on her top lip . 
 she shook her head slowly . 
 `` no ... it 's more than that . '' 
 her brow arched curiously , her head cocking to the side . 
 `` sofie ? 
 are you in there ? '' 
 before i could control my eyes , i felt them bulge out of their sockets in surprise . 
 damn it ! 
 she 's on to me . 
 what was i supposed to do now ? 
 maybe i could somehow negotiate with this loon ... her mouth curved into an inhuman smirk . 
 `` yes , i thought so . 
 how long have you been here ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 a jagged fingernail dragged along the length of my cheek , stopping at the edge of my eye socket , disturbingly close to my bottom eyelid . 
 she stared at me , penetrating , searching , violating me . 
 `` are you watching what we 're doing to your sister , sofie ? 
 are you enjoying it ? '' 
 i cried out as her fingernail pushed down , further and further . 
 searing agony shot through my eye . 
 she intended to dig it right out of its socket ! 
 `` it 's not sofie . 
 it 's someone named evangeline ! 
 please stop ! '' 
 veronique cried out . 
 my stomach sank . 
 veronique had just tossed me into a tank of hungry sharks ! 
 then i remembered that it was n't my body lying on that metal table with a blowtorch by my feet and a fingernail at my eye . 
 cruella 's brow furrowed . 
 she stood , her fingernail lifting from beneath my eye . 
 `` i do not know an evangeline ... who is that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' veronique whispered . 
 cruella 's hand reached down to assume her eye-gouging position . 
 `` but she knows sofie ! '' 
 with a pause and a decision , cruella smiled down at me . 
 `` well , evangeline , make sure you let sofie know how well we 're treating her sister . '' 
 she gave stan a nod . 
 my back arched as searing hot pain fired throughout my body . 
 my blood-curdling screams lasted long after the pain had vanished . 
 i could n't stop kicking my feet , sliding them back and forth over the cool satiny sheets to put out the flames . 
 by the time i registered that i was in my room in the chateau , a giant werebeast stood over me in my bed and a ring of anxious faces surrounded the foot of it . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 sofie asked , her eyes wide with alarm . 
 `` burning . 
 fire . 
 torture , '' i answered in sputters , throwing off the covers to inspect my feet in the moonlight . 
 nothing but smooth pale skin . 
 you 're safe , evangeline . 
 safe . 
 safe . 
 safe . 
 the pain . 
 the smell of burning flesh . 
 it lingered in my nostrils . 
 though it was n't happening to me , it was real . 
 they were torturing veronique . 
 while i lay in satin sheets , circled by her sister and those i loved , veronique lay on a cold metal table , circled by the enemy , enduring unimaginable pain . 
 a wave of nausea battered my senses . 
 i was seconds away from bolting to the bathroom to throw up . 
 no one could last long with that level of suffering . 
 no one . 
 and yet , i had to keep this secret . 
 sofie could not find out or she 'd start a war and so many more lives would be lost hang in there , veronique , i silently pleaded , biting down on my lip before the truth exploded out of my mouth . 
 `` a nightmare ? '' 
 sofie pressed . 
 my head bobbed up and down , numbly , wishing for the safety of caden 's arms . 
 he did n't move , though , instead studying me with a worried expression . 
 sofie leaned down , her hand smoothing my hair in a motherly gesture . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i bit down harder , madly searching for a lie that would justify my traumatic awakening . 
 what if i revealed too many clues for the shrewd vampiress and she figured it out ? 
 finally , i just shrugged . 
 she offered me a compassionate smile as her cool hand cupped my chin . 
 `` i told you not to worry . 
 everything will be fine . 
 we 'll figure this tribe magic out . '' 
 i nodded again , dropping my gaze to my hands folded in my lap , hiding my face so she could n't see the tears welling . 
 no , it wo n't , sofie ... so much is not fine . 
 `` i 'm such a rotten friend . 
 i 'm sorry i have n't been around more for you , '' amelie spoke out from her place beside julian . 
 `` especially with what you 've been going through . 
 we 'll do something tomorrow , i promise . 
 just the two of us . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i mumbled , more to appease her . 
 her blond corkscrew curls bounced as she nodded with satisfaction , a rascally twinkle battling with worry in those emerald jewels . 
 so happy . 
 so oblivious , wrapped in julian 's arms . 
 rage flared within me . 
 stop it ! 
 that voice screamed . 
 every day that this charade between julian and amelie continued , the harder the truth would be . 
 julian needed to walk away , to break up with her , to tell her he 'd lost interest . 
 something . 
 anything . 
 i shut my eyes , hoping to reset my emotions before i accidently endangered julian . 
 the bottom corner of my bed sank as a weight settled on it . 
 caden was perched stiffly on the edge of the bed , glaring at julian , the muscles in his strong jaw rigid with tension . 
 instantly , i realized my mistake . 
 he had n't missed my reaction to julian and amelie and he was reading it as something different . 
 jealousy , on my part . 
 i need to get better at guarding my reactions around julian , i scolded myself . 
 i covered my face with my hand , trying to block out all the ways i could lose my mind . 
 sofie 's heels clicked as she slowly backed away . 
 `` okay , well ; let me know if you need anything . '' 
 she turned to walk toward the door , her fingers gripping amelie 's elbow as she passed , a signal for them to leave . 
 at the door , she stopped and turned . 
 `` max ? '' 
 no , the stubborn beast growled . 
 `` max , can you give me a moment alone ? '' 
 i scratched the back of his ear affectionately . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd done that ... with a heavy exhale , max leapt off my bed and strolled past sofie . 
 i 'll be right outside the door if you need me . 
 a soft click , and i was alone with caden . 
 our eyes grazed each other for a moment and then he looked away . 
 i immediately sensed the shift in the air between us . 
 something was definitely different now . 
 before , i could touch him , i could hold him , i could be with him . 
 now , there was an unspoken boundary . 
 an invisible divide-a barbed wire fence that kept us sitting side by side but growing distinctly apart . 
 the barbs had hooked onto my heart , choking it , tearing it apart with each passing hour . 
 as i stared at him , at his mess of tawny brown hair , at the way he focused out the window on something unseen in the night sky , the ball of anxiety in the pit of my belly flourished . 
 i could n't tell him what was happening ! 
 worse , what was happening to veronique , that i was witnessing and saying nothing about . 
 what would happen if he knew ? 
 either he 'd tell sofie , which i knew was a tragedy for the greater good of all , or he 'd make me promise to keep quiet because of the greater good of all . 
 just like binding bishop was for the best . 
 as rational as that side of him was , i could n't bear the callousness of it . 
 and so i remained quiet , allowing a wall to grow between us-the invisible wall of lies and pain that grew in size and density and stabbed my heart with its severity . 
 a wall that , i was afraid , would soon be impenetrable . 
 tell him everything ! 
 that voice pleaded within me . 
 oh , the euphoria of pouring my heart out to him , of divulging every last secret that burned my soul . 
 but i could n't . 
 i could n't form the words that would end julian , that would either force caden to betray me or forever taint my view of him . 
 and so i bit my bottom lip to keep quiet , so hard i thought i might draw blood . 
 blood that would spark an uncontrollable urge for caden , and would then kill him . 
 i could feel the fissure in my sanity widening , threatening to break into a million pieces , never to be reassembled . 
 i am a liar . 
 a betraying , lying , fragile human ... i had to fight the overwhelming urge to lunge at him , to expunge all my anxiety , my agony , my everything with him . 
 if only for a night , an hour , a minute ... while i still could . 
 while my touch was n't instant death . 
 but i could n't . 
 i could n't even speak . 
 so i just sat there , staring at him , accepting that i had lied to him before , and that i 'd lie again . 
 i stared at the moonlight shining in through the windows , dancing along the dazzling curves of his profile . 
 i stared as awkward silence suffocated me . 
 caden was the first to speak . 
 `` how 's your arm ? '' 
 he slid closer to me , his long fingers stretching out , closer and closer , almost to me ... a vision of his lifeless corpse on my bed , dull green eyes staring into nothingness pulled my arm back involuntarily . 
 `` no . '' 
 with a scowl , caden closed the distance , intentionally grabbing onto my knee , his thumb and forefinger squeezing around it tightly . 
 he raised a knowing eyebrow . 
 i exhaled softly , soaking up the relief . 
 i had n't killed him . 
 yet . 
 with that test out of the way , he gently lifted my injured arm beneath the elbow , appraising the fresh wound , still red and swollen . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 `` it 's sore , but i 'll live . '' 
 i thought i heard his teeth grind against each other as he glowered at it . 
 what if ... i swallowed the swirl of rising panic . 
 spidery red veins seared my mind . 
 `` it 's not still bothering you , is it ? 
 my blood ? '' 
 he shook his head fiercely . 
 his eyes flickered to my face , a hint of shame in them . 
 `` i was right there and she still got to you . 
 i 'm just so angry . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 i hesitantly reached forward , my own fingertips running along his index finger . 
 he did n't react at first . 
 i was afraid i had overstepped this new unspoken boundary . 
 but then his long fingers laced between mine . 
 my pulse quickened as those intoxicating jade jewels seized me , demolishing me with their intensity , lifting me up , up into the clouds , into heaven , into oblivion ... `` what was your nightmare about ? '' 
 and i was tumbling downwards , anxiety slamming me against the hard , cold , uncaring ground of reality . 
 my voice caught as i whispered one name , a name that left a bitter taste on my tongue . 
 `` veronique . '' 
 it was the truth and yet a blatant lie . 
 another lie ... caden slid his arm around to my opposite hip and pulled me close to him , welcoming my forehead against the ridges of his chest . 
 he rested his cheek affectionately against the top of my head . 
 `` i 'm sure she 's fine . 
 there 's no reason they 're doing anything to hurt her . 
 she 's too valuable , '' caden promised in a low whisper , his hand running through the length of my hair , stroking it gently . 
 you 're so wrong , caden . 
 tears seared my eyes . 
 i swallowed a sob . 
 `` i hope not . '' 
 another lie to caden . 
 two major lies in one night and i had sworn i could never tell him one . 
 i want to forget everything . 
 make me forget everything , for just a little while . 
 my hand expanded , fingers stretched out across his chest , raking his muscles , skimming down along the ripples , wandering over his chest , his biceps , his stomach , his belt ... `` i should go , '' caden whispered , grabbing my hand , his body growing rigid . 
 a snake of tension constricted inside me . 
 reluctantly , i pulled away , rubbing residual tears away with the back of my hand . 
 he moved to stand up . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 my hand flew to his leg , grasping his outer thigh . 
 i tempered my voice , asking more tentatively , `` ca n't you stay a little while longer ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` bishop 's all alone . '' 
 as if that explained everything , he was on his feet . 
 i swallowed my fear , forcing the next question out . 
 `` is that why ? 
 does it have anything to do with ... before ? '' 
 with julian ? 
 he towered over me like an angel , his tall , muscular body more appealing to me than ever before . 
 i did n't know why . 
 maybe because i was losing him ... `` yeah . 
 a little bit , '' he admitted . 
 the snake squeezed tighter , threatening to crush my vital organs , to end me . 
 a single tear escaped , rolling down my cheek . 
 i smeared it away with the back of my hand , not wanting him to see me cry . 
 too late . 
 the muscles in his neck tensed as he swallowed . 
 he looked away , focused on the window . 
 `` it 's not right or fair that it bothers me , but it does . 
 i ca n't help feeling like you 've betrayed me , even though i have no right . 
 i 'll get over it but ... it will take some time . '' 
 `` how long ? '' 
 i asked . 
 inside , i was dissolving in misery . 
 `` evangeline . '' 
 his voice cracked , full of desperation . 
 after a long pause , he shrugged . 
 his voice turned hard and cold . 
 `` we have bigger issues to deal with right now . '' 
 bowing my head , i sank into the bed , clenching until my nails dug into my palms . 
 i recognized practical caden , the guy who 'd kept me at arm 's length back on ratheus . 
 i thought i 'd chased him away for good , but he was back again . 
 he was assembling his own wall . 
 a brick wall , not as agonizing as my barbed wire fence of lies , but still substantial . 
 i wanted to scream at it , to tear it down , throw the pieces away , smash them , burn them . 
 instead , i nodded . 
 `` everything will be fine with us . 
 i just need some time . '' 
 time . 
 something we did n't have . 
 leaning down , his cool lips first grazed my forehead and then planted a lingering kiss on it . 
 `` get some sleep . 
 i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 with that , he vanished into the night , leaving me alone with my crumbling sanity . 
 when max ventured in , the tears were still falling . 
 *** i woke up empty , drained . 
 luckily , i had n't endured another round of veronique 's physical torture . 
 now , it was only my own mental torment that loitered . 
 i wondered which was worse . 
 max was gone again . 
 likely out hunting . 
 he had spent hours silently mopping up my tears with his snout . 
 as much as i appreciated him , i appreciated the time alone . 
 heaving myself out of bed , i showered and dressed at a sluggish pace , preparing myself for another day of tribal magic surprises , of watching a good friend imprisoned and suffering , perhaps another injury , but most of all , another round of gut-wrenching distance between caden and me . 
 springy blond curls and a brilliant smile ambushed me the second i stepped out into the silent , empty hallway . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 i yelled , stumbling , my head banging against the doorframe . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 amelie chirped , oblivious to my shock . 
 she grabbed hold of my good arm . 
 i let her drag me , my heart hammering against my rib cage . 
 `` where ? '' 
 she shrugged vaguely . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 we 're spending the day together , remember ? 
 first , you probably need to eat . '' 
 we found the two french cooks in the kitchen , this time with rolling pins in their hand and a round , flat pastry dough stretched out on the marble countertop . 
 smiling in unison , they dove back into their work . 
 `` what do you feel like ? '' 
 amelie asked , already neck-deep into the open fridge . 
 before i could tell her i 'd rather eat glass than food , a plate of fresh fruit and pastries materialized in front of me . 
 amelie 's long silver-painted fingernail tapped against the countertop . 
 `` eat up ! '' 
 `` you sound like sofie , '' i grumbled . 
 i was n't hungry . 
 the thought of food made me want to vomit , my insides twisted into so many intricate knots even houdini could n't unravel . 
 but , i knew arguing with amelie would take too much strength . 
 she 'd pin me down and force-feed me . 
 so i relented , picking up a slice of melon . 
 its sweet juices had barely touched my lips when sofie entered . 
 it 's like they had evangeline radar ... minty eyes narrowed slightly , as they had the previous morning , when she was sensing me magically . 
 it set off a volcano of panic inside me . 
 the melon dropped from my grasp onto my plate . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it now ? '' 
 what had changed overnight ? 
 was my touch finally lethal ? 
 no ... amelie had held my hand . 
 she was still alive and perky . 
 which meant i was n't a full-on leper yet ... sofie shook her head , reading my mind without being able to read my mind . 
 `` nothing . 
 how was the rest of your night ? '' 
 lonely ... i pushed my bitterness away and grumbled , `` fine , '' as i slid the plate away . 
 it may as well have been crawling with maggots , as unappetizing as it was . 
 my answer earned a heavy sigh of relief from her . 
 `` good . 
 i 'm going to be busy for a while . 
 testing something out on bishop . '' 
 i jumped out of my seat . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 finally , a spark of hope , a ray of something positive . 
 `` have you figured out how to fix him ? '' 
 `` i have an idea or two . 
 nothing i 'm sure of yet ... '' striding forward , she stopped before me to push a strand of hair from my face . 
 `` i 'll take care of everything . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'll fix it . '' 
 i want to believe you sofie , i do . 
 i just could n't help but feel fate was spiraling out of control . 
 swallowing a painful lump of despair , i nodded and changed the subject . 
 `` any news from lilly ? '' 
 the responding scowl gave me my answer . 
 `` i expect we will hear something soon . '' 
 sofie looked down to my injured arm , her deepening scowl creating unpleasant clefts in her forehead . 
 `` you can keep evangeline occupied , right , amelie ? '' 
 amelie hopped off her stool , saluting in a military fashion . 
 `` i 'm on it ! 
 i 've got operation entertain evie covered ! '' 
 despite everything , that earned a genuine smile . 
 oh , how i missed amelie 's levity ! 
 cool fingers traced my chin . 
 `` i have n't seen that beautiful smile in so long , '' sofie whispered . 
 i turned to see sadness flash across her face . 
 then it was gone , replaced by a mask of composure as she leveled amelie with a sobering stare . 
 `` help me keep it there , will you , amelie ? '' 
 with that , sofie vanished . 
 `` so ... '' amelie leaned on her elbows , cradling her chin . 
 `` what do you wan na do ? '' 
 i shrugged with disinterest , squashing a blueberry between my fingers . 
 `` what 's there to do ? '' 
 wander around the halls of this giant chateau and pretend that everything was fine ? 
 that veronique was n't being tortured to death , that caden and i were n't one second from over , that amelie would n't be crushed and julian dead once they discovered his secret ? 
 that i was n't slowly turning into a tribe demon ? 
 that the world was n't going to end ... hands clapped sharply , catching the tip of my nose . 
 `` earth to evie ! 
 what is going on in that pretty little head of yours ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... wallowing , '' i admitted . 
 heat crept up my neck . 
 i was n't a wallower . 
 that was n't me . 
 from my mother 's death , to my solitary teenaged years , to learning of the curse , i had never spent more than a minute dwelling on the negatives . 
 now , i was bathing in l'eau de wallow . 
 `` bad idea , evangeline . 
 you need a good distraction . '' 
 her hand rested on my shoulder . 
 `` so let 's find one , okay ? '' 
 `` okay ... what do you have in mind ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure ... i usually hunt bears and jump off cliffs when i need a distraction . '' 
 i snorted as my gaze roamed the four walls of the kitchen , imagining the long halls outside , the stairs , the rooms ... nothing there was distracting enough . 
 well , except caden . 
 but then that 'd just bring me back to my inevitable worry . 
 i needed to get away . 
 far away , just for a little while . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' i whispered , already anticipating amelie 's negative answer . 
 an impish curve touched her lips . 
 `` we could , '' she mouthed . 
 she looked over to ensure the cooks were n't listening . 
 my heart started pounding against my ribs . 
 `` seriously ? 
 do you think sofie 'll be mad ? '' 
 her mouth twisted . 
 `` if she found out ... yeah , probably . 
 but i 've been out once or twice . 
 caden 's been out a couple of times ... viggo 's out twice a day . 
 nothing has happened ! 
 there are no signs of any sentinels watching . 
 we should go ! '' 
 bright white teeth glistened as she struggled to contain her excited smile . 
 `` we could do it , evie ! 
 we could ... '' her words trailed off as the eagerness deflated like a popped balloon , crushing my already weak spirit . 
 `` those wolves . 
 they 'd tell sofie right away . 
 we ca n't get past their stupid mutt noses . '' 
 i smiled . 
 finally , an advantage . 
 *** rounding the corner into the foyer , i almost smacked into viggo striding through the front door . 
 he cringed and jumped backward a foot to avoid my hand grazing his leg . 
 he was afraid of me and my tribal magic . 
 i smirked with satisfaction . 
 i was a natural viggo repellant . 
 a silver lining . 
 `` what are you two up to , so giggly and ... annoying ? '' 
 `` girl stuff ! '' 
 amelie spat back haughtily , hooking her arm through mine . 
 with an exaggerated eye roll , viggo sidestepped around us-giving me an extra wide berth-and continued on , not in the least bit interested in a couple of tittering young women . 
 not unless they were tittering over him . 
 i released the lungs ' worth of air i did n't realize i was holding . 
 i may repel him but he still terrified me . 
 `` okay . 
 stay right here , '' amelie ordered , pointing to the tile where i stood , as if i were a dog who might wander away . 
 she vanished , only to reappear ten seconds later with coats and boots for both of us . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 i had one boot on and was tugging the second on when amelie grabbed my arm and began dragging me out the door , my coat hanging off one arm . 
 `` quick ! '' 
 she pointed to a navy jeep sat parked outside . 
 opening the passenger door , she bowed . 
 `` after you , mademoiselle ! '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 this was crazy . 
 we were crazy ! 
 before i could chicken out , i hopped in . 
 `` sofie 's going to kill me , '' i muttered to myself . 
 amelie was in the driver 's side an instant . 
 `` and you 're sure you want to do this ? '' 
 she asked slowly . 
 i sighed . 
 `` amelie ? 
 we 've got both our hands in the cookie jar and now you 're the voice of reason ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't know ... you 're always the good one . '' 
 `` yeah , and where has that gotten me ... '' i peered over my shoulder at the chateau , where too many problems lay hidden within the walls . 
 turning back , gazing down on the city of paris , i saw only freedom beyond the ten-foot stone wall . 
 an escape , if only brief . 
 i nodded firmly . 
 `` we need to get out or i 'm going to go bat-shit crazy . 
 besides , you 're with me and we 're in paris . 
 no one knows we 're here ... we 'll be fine , '' i smiled , adding , `` just do n't forget ... sofie ca n't fix me if i get broken . '' 
 amelie grimaced . 
 she grabbed my hands , her voice suddenly urgent . 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to you . 
 i 've already lost one best friend . 
 i wo n't lose another . 
 i promise . 
 if i suspect anything , we 'll come right back . 
 swear ! '' 
 i held out my pinky finger . 
 `` swear . '' 
 she giggled , hooking onto my pinky , and then followed it with a ferocious hug . 
 like a cloud lifted , she was back to amelie , her pretty little face full of determination . 
 she began pawing the visors , the side pockets , the console , the glove compartment . 
 `` where are the damn keys ? 
 there must be a set somewhere ... '' when it was obvious that we were n't going to find a set of keys in here , she shrugged . 
 `` rats ! 
 oh , well . '' 
 reaching down to the ignition , she yanked the cover off , exposing a mess of wires . 
 she had them plucked apart , stripped , and crossed in seconds . 
 the rumble of the engine filled my ears . 
 `` where the hell did you learn to hotwire a car ? '' 
 she giggled , pleased by my disbelief . 
 `` there were a lot of cars sitting around after the war and no keys . 
 and i was bored . '' 
 she threw the car into gear and gunned it , the back end of the jeep sliding sideways in the snow before correcting itself . 
 `` caden taught me . '' 
 `` caden ... '' a sharp prick stabbed my heart . 
 i forced the grief away . 
 no doom and gloom , if only for an hour or two . 
 please . 
 the jeep moved forward , weaving along the long drive , the two of us chattering as if we were home free . 
 it was n't until i spotted the giant brick wall , and several of ivan 's men , both in human and wolf form that i realized that they would n't have to smell me . 
 they 'd see me sitting in the passenger seat ! 
 i slammed my hand against the dashboard . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 amelie hit the breaks and the jeep went sliding sideways . 
 `` what ? '' 
 wild green eyes stared at me . 
 with an exaggerated gesture at the wall , i said , `` they 'll see me sitting here . 
 they 'll have sofie after us in under two minutes . '' 
 `` we could crash through and keep driving ? '' 
 she offered with no conviction in her voice . 
 her shoulders sank . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i was so excited , i did n't think about that part . '' 
 `` bloody werewolves , '' i muttered , feeling the exhilaration of moments ago deflating . 
 no . 
 i was getting past them . 
 i needed this . 
 i needed to get away . 
 i was going to go crazy otherwise . 
 unfastening my seatbelt , i scrambled between our seats , over the back seat and into the back of the jeep , planning to lie as flat as possible . 
 they had no reason to check the back of the truck , right ? 
 to my pleasant surprise , a navy and beige plaid wool covering sat folded in one corner . 
 perfect ! 
 i dove down and curled into the smallest ball possible , tossing the blanket over myself . 
 i was a full-on stowaway . 
 `` ready ! '' 
 `` okey dokey ! '' 
 amelie chirped . 
 `` i hope this works ! '' 
 the jeep lurched forward , my body jolting as it barreled over bumps in the old road . 
 i dared not peek out . 
 an anxiety-riddled minute later , the brakes squeaked as the jeep slowed to a stop . 
 i sucked in a mouth full of air , waiting . 
 i heard the slide of a mechanical window as it opened . 
 `` hello , friendly werewolves ! '' 
 amelie called out with a touch of displeasure in her voice , the touch that no one but a friend could identify . 
 snow crunched , announcing the approach of a two-legged guard . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 a rough russian-accented voice asked . 
 i did n't recognize it . 
 `` oh , down to the city for a stroll . 
 maybe a snack ... '' i could hear the vicious grin in her voice . 
 `` you normally go on foot . '' 
 it was a statement , one coated with suspicion . 
 `` yes , but this time i need to bring back some blood with me and this is easier than lugging bags , '' amelie lied smoothly . 
 `` viggo brought back a supply yesterday . '' 
 another statement , another layer of suspicion laid down like a heavy rug . 
 `` and now i 'm getting more ! 
 what can i say ? 
 we 're hungry ! 
 would you rather we eat the staff who 's busy cooking your meals for you ? '' 
 the edge in her voice was now razor sharp . 
 though i could n't see her , i imagined her small , delicate hands waving dramatically . 
 there was long pause . 
 `` why did n't you get the keys ? '' 
 the werewolf inquired , obviously noticing amelie 's hotwire talents . 
 freaking sharp-eyed wolves . 
 amelie responded with her trademark seductive giggle , one i 'm sure no one-even a burly russian werewolf-could resist . 
 `` i 'm a naughty girl . 
 i guess old habits die hard . '' 
 i sucked in another breath as the excruciating silence stretched . 
 `` come on ! 
 i 'm not a prisoner here ! '' 
 she threw in an annoyed sigh . 
 i heard snow crunching as footsteps moved away . 
 i exhaled the smallest breath of relief , fighting hard against a delirious giggle . 
 in another moment , the sound of creaking iron gates announced our freedom . 
 the jeep jerked forward one last time . 
 *** `` so i guess there were no basic road rules in your earth ? '' 
 i said dryly , my chest tight , my white-knuckled hands gripped on the door handle as the jeep slid sideways into a parking spot . 
 `` i should have stayed hidden underneath the blanket for the trip . '' 
 amelie winked and giggled at me . 
 we had made it to paris 's downtown core in what could only be considered record time , swerving through traffic , disregarding street lights , and taking the roundabouts and narrow streets at full speed , as if both of us were immortal . 
 amelie pushed open her car door and hopped out . 
 `` come on ! 
 we do n't have a lot of time . 
 sofie 's going to skin me alive if she finds i 've taken you out . '' 
 i gave my body a quick shake , trying to slough off the petrifying drive . 
 my eyes coasted over my surroundings . 
 paris ... i was in paris ! 
 i had only ever dreamed of being here . 
 i 'd never expected to make it , or so soon . 
 we were in the heart of the city , parked on a narrow street that bustled with life , even in the winter chill . 
 people darted in and out of shops like little ants , all in a rush , bundled in the most fashionable of coats and hats . 
 i had always heard that paris was like this-the people knew how to dress . 
 it was n't surprising that sofie was from here . 
 i guessed their fashion sense would be the first to die when the need for basic survival took over , when this war began ... i looked along the decorative buildings , down at the beautiful cobblestone road . 
 if i focused hard enough , i could see the tufts of grass pushing through the crevices , up heaving history and human life and swallowing it up in years of neglect and decay . 
 a violent rap on the side window brought me back from my apocalyptic daydream . 
 i turned to find amelie 's mesmerizing emerald irises glaring at me through the glass , her arms crossed over her chest in a childlike stance . 
 opening the door , i barely got my leg out before she grabbed hold of my arm and yanked me the rest of the way . 
 `` when i say ` skinned alive , ' i mean it , evangeline ! 
 literally . 
 she can do it do , you know ! '' 
 she tugged me forward as she marched across the street . 
 `` my skin will just grow back , but it will hurt like a son-of-a-you-know-what while she 's doing it ! '' 
 i tuned out her dramatic ramblings , peering into the storefronts , each unique and exotic . 
 a soap store , a perfume store , a specialty baby gift shop . 
 soon , they would all be a thing of the past , remnants of human existence , left behind to decompose in the rubble . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 the sharpness in her voice slapped me into place . 
 i turned to see those eyes dissecting me-both worry and annoyance in them . 
 `` where is the excitement from thirty minutes ago ? 
 i 'm risking sofie 's wrath by bringing you out here . 
 the least you could do is not be a complete zombie ! '' 
 `` sorry ... '' she sighed , squeezing my hand . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're dealing with a lot . 
 i 'm dealing with a lot . 
 but , '' she yanked on a long cylindrical brass door handle and prodded me forward into the shop with sharp fingers in my shoulder blade , `` while we 're dealing with it , let 's do something fun like ... get christmas presents ! '' 
 christmas . 
 right . 
 it was tomorrow . 
 it would be my first christmas with caden ... and perhaps our one and only . 
 get it together , evie ... i shook the thought away . 
 amelie was right . 
 shopping for gifts would be an enjoyable distraction . 
 the second we stepped inside , the smell of sweet pipe smoke tickled my nostrils , bringing with it a pang of remembrance . 
 it smelled like leo . 
 we were in a gentleman 's shop , full of dark wood shelves , and lined with everything from cigars to jewelry to striped dress socks and pink ties . 
 numerous frazzled women milled about with salesmen trailing behind them , hoping for the commissions on a last-minute desperate and expensive purchase . 
 of course i would get something for caden . 
 but what the heck did i get a seven-hundred-year-old vampire for christmas ? 
 `` do you know how long it 's been since i 've even thought of getting a christmas gift for someone ? 
 gosh ... i ca n't even remember what i ... oh , yes , i can ! 
 i got my mother this beautiful pink and white cardigan , '' amelie said , as giddy as a child in a toy store as she strolled up to a counter that held some expensive watches and other men 's jewelry . 
 `` bonjour , mademoiselle , '' the distinguished man behind the counter chirped in his melodious french tongue . 
 amelie giggled , batting her long eyelashes sweetly . 
 `` hello , sir . 
 my french is atrocious at best . '' 
 he smiled and nodded . 
 `` oui . 
 i understand . 
 how may i be of assistance ? '' 
 she leaned forward to peer into the glass counter in front of her , her finger dragging over the surface as if ready to identify something . 
 `` i 'm looking for a pocketknife . 
 a large one . 
 decorative but effective . '' 
 `` oui , mademoiselle . 
 i believe i have just the item for you . 
 one moment , please . '' 
 while the salesman crouched behind the counter , amelie turned to me to add in a low voice . 
 `` julian should have a weapon until i can convert him . '' 
 i forced a smile . 
 `` you think it will happen ? 
 you 'll be able to convert him , eventually ? '' 
 before he turns into a hideous yellow-eyed leper ? 
 i did n't know if that would happen to him . 
 no one knew . 
 while we both had been touched by the magic , i seemed to be the only one who was rapidly changing . 
 maybe he and veronique would avoid it somehow . 
 `` i have to be able to , evangeline , '' she whispered , staring at me with raw desperation . 
 `` there 's no point being here , otherwise . 
 i ca n't do it again without him . '' 
 she was right , i realized . 
 it did have to happen . 
 amelie had a second chance at love and she was n't willing to risk losing it . 
 no , it finally dawned on me . 
 if julian died ... amelie was as good as gone as well . 
 again , i would lose two good friends . 
 fiona , bishop , julian , amelie ... gone . 
 how long before i lost caden fully as well ? 
 `` yes , of course , '' i nodded my head , swallowing my fear for my dear friend , forcing a broader smile . 
 i needed to change the topic , and quickly . 
 `` what do you think i should get caden ? '' 
 i asked as the salesman reappeared , a light brown rectangular box in his hand . 
 with a pensive bite of her lip and a roaming look around the glass cases , amelie pointed at one to our left . 
 inside it was a selection of pocket watches . 
 `` dad had one of these . 
 caden loved it . 
 he 's always had a bit of an obsession with the time . 
 it was damaged when ... '' she looked at the salesman who was now watching us intently , waiting to show amelie his selection . 
 she chose the rest of her words carefully . 
 `` in the accident . 
 i 'll bet he 'd love a new one from you . '' 
 turning back to the patient salesman , she sang , `` what do you have for me , sir ? '' 
 he slid forward the box and propped open the lid to reveal an ivory-handled knife . 
 `` this is what we call a tactical folding knife , mademoiselle , '' he explained . 
 amelie pulled it out and flipped it open , revealing the four-inch blade . 
 enough to seriously injure someone . 
 `` perfect ! '' 
 she exclaimed , slashing and jabbing the air with it to test it out . 
 the man jumped back , his eyes widening with panic . 
 i hid my smile as i peered down at the glass case . 
 little did that man know , he had more to worry about from amelie than a knife . 
 `` i 'll take it ! '' 
 while he wrapped the box , i studied the display in front of me . 
 there were a dozen or so round timepieces and they were nice enough , but i wanted something special for caden . 
 something to remember me by when i was gone . 
 i wanted to give him the best watch in the world . 
 surely , there was something more elaborate not on display , from where ever he got amelie 's knife . 
 `` do you have any other watches ? '' 
 `` oui ... but ... , '' he stalled , his eyes sizing me up . 
 `` can i please see them ? '' 
 he smiled politely but the curl of his upper lip was unmistakable-the superior smirk . 
 `` these are more in your range , non ? '' 
 i felt it the second it happened-like a brittle twig , something snapped inside me . 
 burning fire crawled up my neck , searing my ears , my face , my scalp . 
 as i glared at him , at this pompous man in his three-piece suit , judging me , the urge to scream crippled my senses . 
 i clenched my teeth together to keep from causing a scene . 
 that scrawny neck ... i pictured my hands reaching forward and wrapping around it to throttle the arrogance out of him . 
 i was certain doing so would bring me much joy . 
 sure , in my white down jacket and furry boots , i did n't exactly look like the person who had a hundred million dollars sitting in an account somewhere courtesy of sofie . 
 of course , i had n't seen a penny of the money , which i did n't care about . 
 i had n't bothered to ask about it , had n't bothered to think about it . 
 now , though , it mattered . 
 i had that obscene amount of money to spend , i wanted to get caden the best damn watch ever , and the end of the world was coming . 
 who the hell was this ... man ... this watch man or knife man or cigar man-some sniveling , little man-to tell me i could n't even look at a watch when in a few weeks or months or years , he 'd be vampire carcass along with everyone else in this room ! 
 assuming the matter closed , the man pulled the display of watches out . 
 `` no , '' i hissed . 
 he quirked an eyebrow in surprise . 
 `` non ? '' 
 `` non ! '' 
 i spat back , mocking his french accent . 
 this imperious little man was denying me a perfect gift for caden . 
 i hated him . 
 i hated everything about him . 
 without thinking , i wrenched the knife out of amelie 's hand . 
 stretching over the countertop , i seized his plaid vest and yanked him forward with force , holding the knife 's tip dangerously close to his jugular . 
 `` non , as in you are wrong . 
 i 'd like to see your best watch . 
 please . '' 
 blood hammered in my eardrums as i watched terror capture his tongue . 
 he said nothing . 
 he did n't even blink . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 hatred dripped from my voice , to a level i did n't know i was capable of . 
 a hand squeezed my shoulder . 
 my head whipped around to find amelie standing there , giving me a wink as her other hand clamped over the knife handle and my fingers . 
 lowering it , she leaned over the glass , her face inches from his . 
 `` please show us your best piece , sir , and forget that my friend ever held a knife to your neck . 
 she 's having a bad day . '' 
 when he answered , his voice was even , his words empty . 
 `` oui , one moment . '' 
 into the back room he went . 
 with his departure , my fury collapsed , leaving me confused and horrified . 
 what just happened ? 
 i stared at amelie , dumbfounded . 
 `` good lord , evangeline ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed . 
 `` you 're wound tighter than a yo-yo . 
 i thought you were going to kill him . 
 what 's gotten into you ? 
 i mean , it 's cool and all but ... a little excessive , do n't you think ? '' 
 i struggled to regulate my breathing . 
 `` i do n't know what happened , '' i whispered , swallowing repeatedly . 
 checking the store , i saw that no one had noticed . 
 thank god ! 
 thank amelie ! 
 `` thank you ... for erasing that from his memory , '' my fingers raked my hair . 
 i had almost driven a knife into that man-over a watch ! 
 was i finally cracking ? 
 `` no problem . 
 if you want , i can make him tap dance naked in the street after . '' 
 i caught amelie 's devilish smile as the man returned with a small black metal box . 
 i scrutinized his face as he unraveled the packaging . 
 no sign of fear , no indication that he remembered i had just held him at knifepoint . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 he flipped two hinges open and my self-loathing disappeared instantly . 
 inside lay a large sterling silver pocket watch nestled in black satin . 
 around the outside perimeter were engraved roman numbers to identify the hour . 
 in the center , under clear glass , were the gears of the timepiece . 
 a heavy silver chain hung from a loop on the top . 
 `` wow , '' i said , my internal turmoil temporarily forgotten . 
 who knew a pocket watch could be so beautiful ? 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 i looked up to ask the price at the same time that amelie announced with a wide grin and a penetrating gaze , `` please wrap it up . 
 we 'll take it at no cost . '' 
 `` amelie ! '' 
 i hissed when the man turned his back to begin wrapping it . 
 `` i ca n't steal a gift for caden ! '' 
 that earned an eye roll . 
 `` oh , please ! 
 you were about to stab the man and now you 're worried about stealing from him ? 
 you 're so spastic lately ... '' she grinned impishly . 
 `` besides , think of it as your payment for saving the world . 
 you 'll have earned it . '' 
 i groaned . 
 amelie always had a way of rationalizing things to her own advantage . 
 but in this case , i was n't going to argue . 
 i was already a delinquent when it came to morals . 
 what was theft , added to conspiracy and attempted murder ? 
 in under five minutes , we were walking out with wrapped gifts at no cost to us . 
 i tucked the watch into an inside pocket in my jacket to keep it safe . 
 `` where to next ? '' 
 `` evangeline ... '' amelie 's voice drifted off as she looped arms with me . 
 she pulled me across the street , paying no heed to the oncoming traffic , even when angry horns blared at us . 
 `` do you think it 's awful of me to be so happy with julian after watching one of my best friends die ? 
 i mean , should n't i be curled up into an angry little ball and not out here , shopping for christmas gifts and stuff ? '' 
 as we stepped onto the sidewalk , she slowed to a halt . 
 a fractured replica of amelie 's face turned to stare at me , one suffering from extreme internal turmoil . 
 `` does all this make me a terrible friend ? '' 
 her voice turned soft and shaky . 
 i knew what she wanted . 
 she wanted the validation that i so desperately sought for myself . 
 that it was okay to long for caden 's arms around me when bishop was suffering , when veronique was being tortured , when the world was about to end . 
 that i should n't feel guilty that i 've found one shred of happiness in all of this and that i was willing to let it consume my thoughts every second of every day . 
 i felt my face warm in a gentle smile . 
 `` no , amelie . 
 it does n't make you a bad friend . 
 it gives you a reason to live , to fight . 
 it keeps you sane . '' 
 i reached out to squeeze her hand . 
 sanity . 
 something i 'm quickly losing ... her shoulders lifted and fell . 
 `` good . 
 i did n't want you to think ill of me , evie . 
 i do n't want anyone to think i 'm not suffering over fiona 's death . 
 i miss her . '' 
 amelie 's lip quivered . 
 `` i miss her so much . 
 every day ... '' she swallowed as her gaze dropped to the cobblestone . 
 `` sometimes , at night , while i watch julian sleep , i swear i hear her voice down the halls . 
 that laugh of hers ... '' she smiled , looking off in the distance , reminiscing . 
 `` it makes me want to go back to new york and tear every last one of those witches to pieces . '' 
 when she looked at me again , her eyes were glassy with emotion . 
 `` i 'm just so thankful to have julian . 
 he 's made it so much easier to deal with losing her . '' 
 a lump formed in my throat . 
 `` i know , '' i forced out , along with a forged smile . 
 grabbing my arm , she dragged me into a store with sharply dressed female mannequins posed in the window . 
 `` julian 's amazing , evie , '' amelie gushed , her mood lifting . 
 `` he 's just so ... smart and sweet and ... funny ! 
 even with all the awful stuff going on , when i even think of julian , '' her hands closed in to nestle against her chest , `` this warm bubble grows inside me . 
 i did n't think i could feel like this ever again ! '' 
 again and again , her ecstasy over julian pounded on my heart like a concrete hammer , smashing it to a pulp . 
 `` he 's been the perfect gentleman . 
 so old-fashioned ... '' amelie explained as she pulled a black lacy outfit off a shelf , complete with green ribbons and things dangling from the bottom of it . 
 `` oh , i like ! '' 
 i groaned inwardly as my fingers caressed a silk gown absently . 
 of course julian 's been the perfect gentleman , amelie . 
 if you knew what he was hiding , you 'd be using that lace to choke the life out of him ... `` i 'm going to try this on . '' 
 amelie slid into a dressing room , throwing back over her shoulder , `` you know , you should pick something out for yourself . '' 
 `` for who ? 
 max ? '' 
 i answered under my breath , not meant for anyone 's ears . 
 of course , with her bionic hearing , amelie picked up on it . 
 `` caden has been acting weird lately , has n't he ... '' i instantly blushed . 
 `` not sure what 's gotten into him . 
 i guess with fiona 's death , bishop being tied up , you being ... toxic ... sorry ... he must be taking it pretty hard . '' 
 and thinking julian and i hooked up probably does n't help . 
 in the grand scheme of things , that was a tadpole in an ocean 's worth of issues , and yet it seemed to be crippling us . 
 `` when caden found out you had been in the mountains with a guy ... you should have seen him . 
 paranoia city ! 
 but i told him there was no reason to be worried ... '' the way amelie 's words trailed off , by the lilt of her voice , i sensed this conversation was going somewhere intentional . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 i pretended to flip through racks of clothes while my insides were screaming . 
 `` you know , it 's so hard to read you with that stuff flowing through your veins . '' 
 `` so they say . '' 
 alarm bells , ringing loud and clear . 
 what exactly was she trying to read ? 
 `` julian said you 're just friends . 
 i ca n't help but think ... '' there was a long pause . 
 `` did something happen between you two while you were up in the mountains ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i did n't allow a beat to pass , trying to keep my voice sounding as firm as possible . 
 still , in those two letters , in that tiny one word , my voice shook . 
 another long pause . 
 `` you two were alone in the mountains for a month after caden tried to kill you . 
 and julian ... i mean , just look at him ! 
 how could you resist that ? '' 
 with a trembling hand , i rubbed my forehead . 
 i was no good at this deception stuff . 
 what would she do if i lied to her as i had to caden ? 
 visions of the innocent maid 's head bashed against the floor had my heart racing . 
 i had no interest in finding out . 
 `` because i never stopped loving caden . '' 
 i heard her exhale . 
 `` i 'm so glad . 
 evie . 
 i mean , i know you 're my best friend and all , but i do n't know how well i 'd handle that . 
 i get a little jealous sometimes ... '' `` you do n't say . '' 
 a latch released and the dressing room door swung open to frame a svelte amelie in nothing but lace and skin . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 will this work on julian ? '' 
 i gasped with surprise . 
 `` good lord , amelie ! 
 i 'm not the one you 're trying to impress ! '' 
 she giggled , closing the door . 
 `` so ? 
 you think it 'll work ? '' 
 `` that would work on a devout priest , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` if that does n't work , i do n't know what will . '' 
 silently , i promised to warn my dear friend of my other dear friend 's carnal intentions . 
 `` seriously , evangeline , why do n't you pick something out ? '' 
 amelie pushed . 
 `` whatever 's bugging caden will work itself out soon and when it does , you 'll want something besides flannel poodle pajamas to catch his attention . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe you 're right . '' 
 i flipped through the racks with renewed interest . 
 most of the items were more reflective of amelie 's seductive nature , but i did stumble on a subdued black silk gown with delicate white lace along the top and tiny eiffel towers splashed all over . 
 `` i found something ! '' 
 i called out , pulling the gown off the rack and whirling to show amelie ... and almost slammed into a stern-looking face . 
 a middle-aged woman with dirty blond hair and a hooked nose stood a foot away from me , well within my personal space . 
 `` excuse me , '' i said politely . 
 but she did n't move . 
 she did n't blink . 
 her blue-gray eyes remained frozen on me , a dangerous glint in them . 
 a flicker of wariness sparked inside me . 
 she was concentrating-i could tell that much-though on what , i had no idea . 
 i watched her eyebrow rise with a flash of surprise . 
 it quickly gave way to a grim scowl of determination and two viselike grips on my biceps . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 amelie shrieked from within the stall . 
 `` i ca n't move my arms or legs ! 
 there must be a witch nearby . 
 run ! '' 
 too late . 
 that 's what she was . 
 that look ... i knew that look . 
 it was the look of magic . 
 she had tried to spell me and she could n't because of the tribe 's curse ... a brawny hand flew to my jaw and squeezed so tightly that i could n't answer amelie , could n't utter a sound . 
 one arm hooked around mine in a painful lock and the woman started dragging me toward the front of the store with surprising strength . 
 out , away from amelie , away from safety . 
 i fought back , twisting and turning my body , swinging my legs out from under me to target her shins . 
 i dug my nails into her flesh , eliciting a howl of pain from her but still she marched on . 
 i leaned in to bite at her hands , managing to grab hold of her index finger with my front teeth , a coppery taste filling my mouth . 
 she let out a yelp but continued . 
 i was like a rabid raccoon and yet i could n't break free of her remarkable grasp , no matter what i did . 
 i knew it was n't magic that did it and it surely was n't her size , given she only had a few inches and about thirty pounds on me . 
 it had to be a combination of raw hatred and grim determination . 
 it was obvious i was n't a willing participant in this excursion and yet , as i passed the two ladies tending to the store and the other shoppers there-all watching the scene unfold-none did anything to help . 
 even with amelie 's shrill screaming from the back , they stood like frozen deer caught in headlights , unsure of what to do . 
 for all i knew , they were influenced by magic . 
 everyone could be . 
 everyone except me . 
 desperate , i allowed my knees to buckle . 
 my body flopped to the ground . 
 the witch responded with a guttural curse . 
 with one hand still on my jaw , she grabbed a fistful of my hair with her other hand and began hauling me out . 
 pain exploded in my scalp . 
 i knew she 'd keep moving , even with chunks of my scalp falling out , and so i was forced to scramble to my feet and follow . 
 she stormed through the glass entrance door with me in tow , into the frigid cold and the busy street . 
 dozens of pedestrians stopped to watch , a mixture of alarm and curiosity on their faces . 
 the witch released my jaw as she tugged me forward along the cold , icy ground , moving with purpose . 
 i soon saw that purpose was a large white van with no windows and the back door wide open . 
 this was an abduction . 
 if i went into that van , i was as good as dead . 
 now was my chance . 
 someone had to help me . 
 someone had to do something . 
 i opened my mouth to let loose a blood-curdling scream a second before a giant male hand clamped over my mouth and grabbed hold of my arms . 
 i kicked and thrashed wildly but this man was at least six foot three and two hundred and fifty pounds . 
 it was useless . 
 they had me . 
 `` not a breeze , but easier than i expected , '' the witch mused , pulling out a tissue to stop the trickle of blood from her hand . 
 everything was happening so quickly . 
 in seconds we reached the back of the van and a second set of large male hands with a telling tattoo grabbed hold of my wrists . 
 he yanked me into the van and tossed me onto the dirty van floor . 
 cradling my stitched arm against my chest to protect it , i counted six dark-clothed goons sitting over me . 
 if i could just get out ... maybe i could break free ... we were thrown into dim light as the back door slammed shut . 
 with a bang on the outside , i heard the woman shout , `` go ! '' 
 the van lurched forward . 
 the enemy had me . 
 without firm fingers gripping my jaw , i could scream . 
 and scream i did . 
 at the top of my lungs , i screamed . 
 i screamed for sofie , for amelie , for caden , for max , even for mortimer . 
 for all of them . 
 but it was no use . 
 none of them would hear me in this moving van , surrounded by these hulking men . 
 if only i had stayed at the chateau . 
 what were we thinking ? 
 i scrambled to my knees , determined to get myself out of this disaster . 
 if i could just get to the driver to stop the van , maybe amelie could catch up ... i leapt forward , clawing at the closest man 's face . 
 my nails connected , raking his cheek and his left eye , drawing blood . 
 he howled in pain as his hand flew to his face . 
 i dove in , intent on pushing past him to reach the driver . 
 i almost made it . 
 almost . 
 a swift elbow out of nowhere connected with my lower jaw , stopping my momentum . 
 pain exploded on the entire left side of my head as i crumbled to the floor once again , the metallic taste of blood coating my tongue . 
 `` careful . 
 dead bait 's not useful . '' 
 i barely heard the man 's gruff warning over the ringing in my ears . 
 no sooner had the words left his mouth than tires squealed and an engine roared somewhere outside . 
 the van came to a jarring stop , sending me flying forward , slamming into the back of the passenger seat . 
 `` holy s - ! '' 
 the driver shouted , but his words were cut off by a smash of glass and a shriek of terror . 
 my head flew up to see that he was gone , replaced by a smear of crimson on the steering wheel . 
 guns emerged while men shouted orders , preparing for the attack as the van rocked violently . 
 suddenly , the grating sound of metal on metal filled the air . 
 daylight and frigid winter air spilled in . 
 someone had ripped off the back doors ! 
 it had to be amelie ! 
 amelie promised to keep me safe and she would . 
 she kept her promise . 
 she would save me . 
 i allowed myself a second of relief in my tiny heap on the floor , despite my throbbing jaw and the shouts and screams and blaring car horns from outside . 
 gunfire rang out , mixed with screams and shouts . 
 i buried my head within my arms , face down , afraid of stray bullets . 
 luckily the gunfire stopped as abruptly as it began . 
 counting to five , i dared peek out from my cocoon . 
 `` amelie ? '' 
 i winced with each syllable . 
 i waited . 
 no answer . 
 `` amelie ? '' 
 i called out a little louder . 
 `` no . '' 
 a lone female figure with short black hair appeared within the doorframe . 
 lilly . 
 her small hand extended toward me , offering a gentle smile . 
 `` come with me now . '' 
 in shock , i crawled to the edge of the van . 
 when those fingers curled over mine , she pulled me out with surprising ease . 
 she threw my arm over her shoulder as if expecting that i would need support , which i did . 
 the ground was wobbly . 
 that , or i was wobbly . 
 either way , i was thankful for the help . 
 i had left the danger of the van , and stepped into utter chaos on paris 's city streets . 
 a large crowd of horrified spectators stood at a distance , staring at the carnage laying before them-a mangled van and heaps of broken sentinel bodies . 
 from the looks of it , a few bystanders had been victims of the hail of bullets . 
 kait stood over two of the sentinel bodies , her red leather outfit swapped for a black one . 
 her hands were covered in blood and she was grinning viciously , her eyes throbbing with crimson lines . 
 a flash caught the corner of my eye . 
 i turned in time to see a young man with a phone camera snapping a picture . 
 `` in here , '' lilly commanded , leading me over to a white bmw z4 . 
 giving me a firm push into the passenger seat , she closed the door behind me . 
 in the blink of an eye , she was beside me in the driver 's seat , fastening my seatbelt over me . 
 i had n't yet uttered a single word . 
 i could n't help but stare at her , such a tiny frame sitting in the driver 's seat , scarcely able to see over the steering wheel . 
 she looked like a thirteen-year-old playing grown-up . 
 lilly threw the car into gear and sped off past the crowds , sending several onlookers diving for safety . 
 she weaved in and out of traffic , both moving and parked . 
 `` we 'll be out of the city soon , '' she explained . 
 a truck suddenly pulled out in front of us . 
 lilly hit the brakes , sending the back end of the car sliding sideways . 
 she spun the steering wheel to counter the direction . 
 the wheels caught traction and we were back to speeding along the streets . 
 `` i guess that 's why they say not to drive sports cars in the winter , '' she kidded . 
 when i did n't respond , she asked , `` are you going to be okay ? '' 
 i paused , unsure of how to answer . 
 i lifted my hand to run a finger along my now-swollen jaw . 
 i wondered if it was broken . 
 no , if it were , i would n't be able to speak . 
 still , it may as well be for how much it hurt . 
 either way , that was n't my problem anymore . 
 now i had a new problem . 
 lilly had me and i still did n't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing . 
 turning to her , i asked pointedly , `` are you going to kill me ? '' 
 i caught the surprise flash across her face . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . '' 
 i 'm not sure what answer i expected , but that was n't it . 
 my lungs constricted , knowing i may have escaped death with the sentinel to meet death with this diminutive hateful vampire . 
 i considered jumping out of the car but then realized there was no point putting myself through that , given lilly could catch me on the other side , put me back in , and continue driving without missing a beat . 
 `` are n't you worried about what sofie 's going to do when she finds you ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 8 . 
 mending broken things-sofie bishop lay motionless on his back , one hand over his abdomen , the other splayed beside him , when mage showed up in my parlor and announced , `` we have a problem . '' 
 i do n't know if it was mage 's voice or just timing , but i caught a twitch in bishop 's left eye . 
 so minor , so quick , any ordinary person would have missed it . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 i hissed , leaning forward , my hair grazing his cheek . 
 he had been this way-lifeless-for almost an hour , since i 'd cast the causal enchantment , begging the fates to mend his broken heart , to erase the pain of fiona-heck , erase her existence if necessary ! 
 - and bring the old bishop back to us . 
 as soon as the last words touched my tongue , bishop 's sad gray eyes drifted shut . 
 they had n't opened since . 
 i was beginning to worry that the only peace for him would be in death . 
 maybe the fates knew that . 
 maybe they were right . 
 `` sofie , i think you need to come with me , '' mage 's tone had turned icy in warning . 
 i looked up to see her stern expression , her features struggling to stay composed , setting off a current of dread . 
 `` how important is it ? '' 
 i skimmed over the heap of merth in the corner of the room . 
 i had removed the bindings soon after bishop lost consciousness so i 'd know when he came to . 
 `` important enough to bind bishop back up and leave him here to deal with later , '' mage confirmed . 
 i ran my finger along my sleeping patient 's cheek , gazed at his smooth , unfurrowed forehead , at his trouble-free mouth-and disappointment churned . 
 `` i do n't know , mage . 
 if he wakes up better but is bound by merth ... i do n't know how to explain that . 
 tell me what 's going - '' `` lilly has evangeline . '' 
 my head snapped up to see mage 's onyx eyes penetrating my soul . 
 i swallowed , sure i 'd misheard that . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` lilly has evangeline , '' mage repeated without any hint of annoyance . 
 `` what ? 
 mage-what do you mean ` lilly has evangeline ' ? 
 did she come here and snatch her away ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 i was ready to grab her and shake the information out of her . 
 mage sighed . 
 `` it seems amelie and evangeline decided to sneak out for some last-minute christmas shopping . 
 the sentinel and the witches found out and captured eve but lilly stopped the van and pulled her out . 
 she left the mess on the streets of paris . '' 
 i silently vowed i 'd skin amelie alive when i saw her next . 
 `` and how would the sentinel and witches find out about them ? '' 
 `` let 's worry about that later . '' 
 my eyes bounced between the door and mage . 
 `` are they on their way back here ? '' 
 `` well , that 's the problem . 
 lilly has taken evangeline to some unknown destination-for what reason , i do n't know . 
 kait and galen have shown up with a disheveled amelie and a stubborn witch who they 're interrogating as we speak . '' 
 lilly had evangeline and was going to do god knows what to her . 
 a combination of terror and fury collided inside me , creating the perfect storm . 
 `` oh , i 'm going to kill amelie when i get hold of her , '' i warned through gritted teeth . 
 for now , as much as i 'd like to be by bishop 's side , mage was right . 
 i needed to deal with this . 
 i hopped onto my feet and leaned over to grab a fistful of merth strands , wincing with their sting . 
 `` i 'm sorry , bishop , '' i apologized , looking down at his charming young face . 
 i froze . 
 there ! 
 in his left eye , a shift under his lid . 
 and another , in his right eye , stayed my hand . 
 `` bishop ? '' 
 lids popped open suddenly , dazzling charcoal irises wide with shock . 
 they rolled , they skittered , they walked over the surfaces around me until they landed on my face . 
 please be fixed . 
 a giant grin spread across his lips . 
 9 . 
 strange allegiances-evangeline the city highways traded off for rolling snow-covered hills and quiet country houses . 
 lilly never slowed once , clearly heading to a specific location , one she did n't divulge to me . 
 when we turned into a driveway with an arched entranceway and a low stone wall a half hour later , i had chewed off every last one of my nails-even with a throbbing jaw . 
 by the bronzed crosses on stone pillars comprising the entrance gates , i could see we were entering a cemetery . 
 suddenly , i was sitting stiffer , my eyes wider , my senses keener , thoughts of my pained jaw falling to the background . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 i hazarded to ask . 
 a tiny , almost shy smile . 
 `` we have something in common , human . 
 let me show you . '' 
 something in common . 
 in a cemetery . 
 i inhaled and exhaled slowly . 
 repeat : in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 i focused on the pretty trees , the blue sky . 
 anything to keep my imagination from sending me into a frenzy . 
 as long as she had something to show me , she would n't be killing me . 
 the sports car rebelled as lilly forced it through the fresh snow , sliding this way and that and spinning its wheels as it struggled to climb a small slope . 
 by the acres of rolling hills and mature trees , i could tell this was both an ancient and large cemetery . 
 full of thousands of bodies ... possibly one more after today . 
 lilly continued edging the car along in silence , winding along the narrow path , moving deeper and deeper into the land where the trees became larger and older , and crypts began cropping up like hay bales in a farmer 's field . 
 then , she stopped and got out . 
 i watched as she circled the car and i briefly toyed with the idea of jumping into the driver 's side of the car and speeding off . 
 no ... there was no point . 
 she stopped in front of my door and waved her hand forward , as if inviting me in from the cold . 
 warily , i pushed open the door and climbed out . 
 the air seemed chillier here than it had in the city . 
 perhaps it was the open fields and lack of buildings or anything else for miles . 
 nothing but the dead . 
 i checked the area for witnesses , someone to call to . 
 i almost expected to see max tearing down the path , ready to save the day . 
 but there was no one . 
 not a soul , supernatural or otherwise . 
 i was here at lilly 's mercy . 
 there was no point in trying to escape , i realized , remembering the gash she had given me the day before , in a room full of prepared vampires . 
 `` this way , '' she prompted , trudging toward a weathered stone crypt set back amongst a grove of oversized spruce trees . 
 taking a deep breath and layering on a brave face , i followed lilly up four steps to a steel door secured with heavy chains and a stately padlock . 
 lilly fished out an antique-looking key from a chain around her neck and inserted it . 
 with a click , the chain unraveled and clanked to the ground . 
 she pushed open the door and beckoned me in with a wave of her dainty hand . 
 it was dank and dark inside , exactly as expected . 
 four small windows around the top of the crypt allowed enough daylight in to display the odd-looking steely gray coffin sitting on a concrete block in the center of the little room . 
 `` cast iron , '' lilly explained , as if that meant something . 
 `` it 's heavy . '' 
 taking hold of two sides of the lid , she braced her feet against the gritty floor and pushed . 
 with a loud scraping sound , the lid slid . 
 i held my breath , half of me wondering what was in there , the other half terrified of what might come out . 
 with a casual movement , lilly threw her legs over the edge and hopped into the coffin . 
 she disappeared . 
 `` coming ? '' 
 her voice called out from somewhere below . 
 i turned back one last time-at the entrance to the crypt , at the car , its keys hanging in the ignition , ready to speed away . 
 curiosity took over for fear . 
 gingerly , i stepped closer and peered down to see an opening , leading into darkness far below . 
 grabbing hold of the sides of the coffin , i hoisted myself up , not nearly as easily as lilly had . 
 swinging my legs in , i carefully took one step , and then another . 
 `` i ca n't see , '' i said . 
 `` right ... humans . '' 
 a moment later , a flashlight beam illuminated the narrow , dark staircase for me . 
 holding onto the sides tightly , i began the descent . 
 lilly was waiting for me at the bottom . 
 the stairs led to a tunnel , musty with moisture and cold , reeking of earth and age . 
 i said nothing as we walked along the low-ceilinged path , my arms wrapped around my body , feeling the walls closing in on me . 
 the small space did n't seem to bother lilly , though . 
 in fact , she seemed at home here . 
 for all i knew , this was her home . 
 about a hundred yards in , we reached a gated door . 
 it protested with a loud creak as lilly pulled it open . 
 beyond it , the ground sloped downward at an awkward angle . 
 i had to take my time , taking sideway steps and using the dirt walls for support . 
 we rounded a corner . 
 the light from lilly 's flashlight caught something up ahead . 
 without a word , she disappeared and i heard the flick of a lighter . 
 in moments , several lanterns were lit , illuminating a chamber of maybe twenty-by-thirty feet and average height . 
 it was empty except for six coffins in a circle around one in the center . 
 seven coffins , buried in a secret crypt beneath the crypt . 
 i swallowed hard as i watched lilly walk past the coffins , her child 's hand running along their surfaces . 
 whoever was in these coffins was important to lilly . 
 `` i lied earlier , '' lilly said calmly . 
 `` about killing you . '' 
 my heart and stomach raced to see who could make it to the cold , hard ground first . 
 she 's going to kill me and bury me here in one of these coffins and no one will ever find my body . 
 the terror must have been splayed across my face because she spoke again quickly . 
 `` i have no intention of killing you , evangeline . 
 i never did . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` well , maybe not never but ... not since i realized viggo has no interest in you . '' 
 as if on yo-yo strings , my organs snapped back to their rightful places . 
 my lungs felt like they would collapse as the air released out of them . 
 `` why did you bring me here , then ? '' 
 lilly circled the coffin in front of her and weaved through the space in between to make her way to the coffin in the center . 
 it reached almost up to her chest , sitting high a pedestal . 
 it was more elaborate than the others and darker in color . 
 she brushed a hand across the top affectionately . 
 `` i ca n't read you , '' she began , `` because of this magic that sofie speaks about . 
 this poison that runs through your blood . 
 yet , i could sense your hatred for viggo that night we met . '' 
 my snort escaped before i could stop it . 
 `` i do n't hide that well , do i ? '' 
 she gave a little shake of her head , a tiny smile creeping across her lips . 
 `` and then , when sofie showed me those visions , she showed me what viggo did to you ... to your mother . '' 
 burning fingers of agony trailed along my spine with the reminder . 
 `` is it true ? '' 
 i nodded silently . 
 lilly 's head turned to land on the center coffin once again . 
 `` i 'm sure you 've noticed my ... dislike ... , '' her face twisted into something far beyond dislike , `` for viggo ? '' 
 curiosity got the better of me . 
 `` i was told you hated his guts and would n't help us because of him . '' 
 `` yes . 
 that is an apt assessment . 
 but ... , '' she peered up at me sheepishly , her next words coming out in a raspy whisper , as if she were afraid to speak them , `` i 'm terrified of him . 
 i know what he 's capable of . '' 
 we did have a lot in common . 
 `` you 're smart to be . 
 he 's a scary vampire and he 's capable of vile things . '' 
 `` yes , he is , '' she agreed . 
 we shared a silent look . 
 her gaze screamed heartache , rank with turmoil , begging for love and attention . 
 in that moment , there was no millennia-old vampire standing in front of me . 
 there was a young , broken girl . 
 there was a child i wanted to wrap my arms around , to tell her it would be okay . 
 she would survive . 
 `` this is my mother 's coffin , '' she explained , her hand sliding along the top . 
 `` up until yesterday , it was empty . 
 now , i have my mother back . '' 
 the urn ... the one viggo begrudgingly parted with . 
 `` do you know who put her there to begin with ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` viggo . '' 
 `` viggo , '' she echoed , his name ricocheting off the wall like a stray bullet , looking for someone to maim . 
 walking slowly around the coffin , her hand never leaving its surface , she began confiding . 
 `` my mother was the original vampire . 
 she was thirty-five hundred years old when he killed her . 
 not as old as mage , from what sofie showed me . 
 they were a couple . 
 soul mates , mama used to say . '' 
 lilly stopped to fumble with a brass handle at the end . 
 `` mama was n't my real mama , of course . 
 i grew up in england . 
 my real parents were poor . 
 we lived in the back of a barn . 
 my dad used to hit us ... and other stuff . '' 
 her eyes drifted to the floor with shame . 
 `` but one day , mama saw me while at the market . 
 my real dad was selling some stolen grain . 
 i guess mama wanted a child of her own . '' 
 her fingertip traced a symbol near one of the hinges . 
 `` she told me that when she saw the bruises on my arms and legs , she got so angry , she sent viggo to rescue me . 
 so he came and snatched me out of there . '' 
 lilly 's back was to me now . 
 `` he made me . 
 i was his gift to mama . 
 i guess you could say he was my new father . '' 
 i shuddered involuntarily , the idea of viggo as a father figure equal parts repulsive and horrifying . 
 `` we were happy for hundreds of years-the three of us and mama 's advisors , '' her arm swept over the other six coffins . 
 `` they were all nice to mama and me . 
 very loyal . 
 we were like one big family , protecting each other . 
 they were all older than viggo . 
 he was the youngest of them all , aside from me . '' 
 lilly paused to swallow . 
 she moved to draw her finger along the top of another coffin . 
 even under the dim light , i could see the floral pattern she was drawing in the thick layer of dust . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 her mouth curved into a frown . 
 `` i do n't think viggo was ever in love with my mother . 
 well , maybe he was for a short time . 
 but when he found out that mama used to be a witch and she could compel vampires , things changed . 
 he was jealous of her power . '' 
 lilly walked back around . 
 `` that , or he was afraid she had compelled him in the past . 
 or perhaps he was simply crazy . 
 whatever the reason , he kept up the pretense for a while . 
 mama did n't notice the change like i did . 
 it must have been my child 's intuition that saw the way he looked at mama after that . '' 
 a momentary smile flashed across her dainty face as if she remembered something fond , but it promptly fell off with more morbid memories . 
 `` one night , he ambushed my mother and the other members , killing every last one of them . 
 he came after me but ... i escaped . '' 
 lilly left the coffin 's side to walk over to me . 
 `` he stole mama 's body , thinking i 'd come for it , but i hid . 
 for a few hundred years , i made sure i was nowhere he would dare be . 
 i created a new group of advisors , a new family for myself . 
 kait and gavin , they 're my family . 
 they 've been by my side for almost a thousand years . 
 they take care of me . 
 i take care of them . 
 they 're all i have , especially now that we have this venom issue . 
 not that it would matter . '' 
 she held her hands out to her sides , palms up . 
 `` look at me ! 
 i 'm a child forever . 
 i have no interest in a mate . 
 i do n't even know what that means , other than what i 've seen and heard . 
 i want venom back so i can create friends and family . 
 the family i have now ... i wo n't risk viggo taking that away from me . 
 i want to stay as far away from him as possible . '' 
 i nodded sadly . 
 `` so that means you wo n't help us ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 i stifled a groan as i looked down at her . 
 vampires and their cryptic answers . 
 `` sofie wants you to pledge allegiance . 
 will you do it ? '' 
 she gave the slightest shake of her head , crushing the spark of hope within . 
 `` but lilly ... she wo n't trust you otherwise . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 a shy , childlike grin slid onto lilly 's face . 
 `` but she would if i pledged my allegiance to you . '' 
 dead silence filled the underground cavern . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... i heard you wrong . '' 
 i blinked repeatedly , wincing from the pain radiating from my swollen jaw . 
 it had to be affecting my hearing . 
 `` i said that i will pledge my allegiance to you and then sofie will trust me . '' 
 now i stared blankly at her , looking for a sign that this was a joke . 
 but only innocence stared back , waiting . 
 `` you ca n't do that ! '' 
 `` of course i can ! 
 i can do whatever i want ! '' 
 `` but ... but ... , '' i sputtered . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 why would this ancient vampire want to bind herself to me ? 
 a vampire would need to be crazy to commit themselves to a human , mortimer had said . 
 was a crazy vampire asking to bind herself to me ? 
 `` because i wo n't bind myself to sofie and yet she needs to trust me . 
 i 'm not stupid , evangeline . 
 i know this is serious . 
 if sofie 's asking me for help , then i know it 's got to be serious ... besides , '' lilly shifted a rock with her feet , `` i like you . 
 you 're ... nice and ... honest . 
 i can tell . '' 
 definitely crazy and clueless . 
 lilly walked back over to her mother 's coffin . 
 `` and you 're not that much older than me in human years . 
 i always wanted a sister . 
 mama and i found the perfect one just before viggo killed her . '' 
 she turned back . 
 `` the girl-her name was rebecca-she was tall and blond like you . '' 
 in a flash , lilly stood inches from me . 
 `` i can trust you , right ? '' 
 those blue irises begged for the right answer . 
 so like a young child , unsure of herself but willing to trade pride and risk of hurt for a glimpse of what she wanted . 
 `` of course you can trust me . 
 i 'm the one who should n't trust you , remember ? '' 
 i yanked up my sleeves to reveal my injured arm . 
 her eyes shot to my stitches . 
 `` she has n't healed it . '' 
 as with most things , this was n't a question . 
 `` no ... she told you she could n't . '' 
 lilly 's top lip curved into a sarcastic smile . 
 `` and you know as well as i that sofie would make a champion poker player ... i had to be sure . '' 
 `` could n't you have done something a little less dramatic and painful ? '' 
 `` it had to be something dramatic enough that sofie would heal if she could ... sorry . 
 sometimes i forget what it 's like not to heal instantly . '' 
 `` that makes one of us , '' i said , cupping my hand against my sore face . 
 lilly stood silently then . 
 she was pledging her allegiance to me . 
 i still could n't grasp the meaning of this whole `` allegiance '' concept except to understand that it was huge-monumental-to have her support and protection . 
 i would have an ancient vampire-no , more , i would have a posse of ancient vampires-protecting me , listening to me . 
 because i did n't have enough protection ... i have a stronger guard than any queen with her army . 
 i fought to hide the cautious excitement unfolding inside me . 
 this would be unprecedented according to mortimer . 
 man ! 
 would his jaw hit the ground when he learned about this ! 
 but what would i need to do ? 
 what did this require of me ? 
 did i need to give her orders ? 
 i did n't know how to scheme and plot like these shifty vampires . 
 `` would you do whatever i asked ? '' 
 lilly shrugged and i caught a glint of wariness in her eyes . 
 `` yes , i suppose so ... but it does n't mean i 'm your slave . '' 
 i was already shaking my head . 
 `` no , no ... of course no . '' 
 but i could ask her to do things that i could n't do , like gather information secretly ... that , i could ask her to do . 
 `` okay , '' i nodded after a moment . 
 lilly 's giggle carried down the hall . 
 `` you 're granting me permission to give you my allegiance ? 
 you think that 's how it works ? '' 
 `` i do n't know how any of this works . 
 and i 'm tired of all the bullshit . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 lilly stood straight and faced me . 
 she was a full head shorter , her brow reaching my neck . 
 again , another shy smile and tilt of her head . 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure how to do this , either . 
 it 's not something most of us are willing to do . 
 you 're my first . '' 
 i watched as her smile disappeared and her expression turned solemn . 
 bending down on one knee , like she was proposing to me , she reached up to take my hand in hers . 
 her skin was silky soft . 
 i felt uncomfortable , checking the shadows around us , wondering if anyone could be watching . 
 but lilly was n't nervous or awkward . 
 her head angled back until i could see her face , candlelight casting a dim shadow across it . 
 `` i , lilly hamlin , pledge my allegiance to you . 
 trust me with your life . 
 trust my descendants with your life . 
 i will protect and serve you as you wish . 
 i am yours until death . '' 
 a pause and then she was on her feet , her face beaming proudly . 
 `` there ! '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` really ? 
 nothing feels different to me . '' 
 nothing at all . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 lilly 's eyes were wide with genuine seriousness . 
 `` i can feel it . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` so ... now what ? '' 
 did i believe her ? 
 was i supposed to feel anything ? 
 `` you do n't believe me , do you ? '' 
 lilly 's grin plummeted . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't believe you ... '' no , i do n't believe you . 
 i sighed . 
 was what she did enough ? 
 `` sofie always says i 'm too trusting and that i need to be a bit more guarded , '' i explained . 
 `` sofie 's probably right , '' lilly conceded . 
 `` but either way , you have my allegiance . 
 tell me what you need me to do to prove it to you . '' 
 here we go . 
 i was n't any good at telling people what to do . 
 i sure as hell did n't have any idea what to tell her to do about this war . 
 sofie was the one who knew what she should do , not me ! 
 and that gave me an idea . 
 `` you need to listen to sofie . '' 
 lilly 's face twisted with displeasure . 
 she opened her mouth , ready to protest , but i quickly interrupted her . 
 `` you wanted to know how to prove it to me . 
 well , that 's how . 
 listen , lilly . 
 i do n't know the first thing about wars and battle . 
 my manipulation skills suck . 
 sofie , though , she knows these things . 
 i trust her completely . 
 you need to trust her too . 
 you need to do as she asks . 
 listen to her , lilly . '' 
 lilly 's lips pressed together . 
 `` i had a feeling you 'd say that . '' 
 she pulled out her cell phone as she began walking back down the tunnel toward the exit . 
 `` come on . 
 we 'd better get you home . 
 sofie 's liable to torch everyone otherwise . '' 
 i trailed behind , deciding that when i knew i could trust her , lilly would be my means to rescuing veronique . 
 *** when the gates creaked opened for lilly 's car , we found ivan and a horde of his wolves standing guard just inside . 
 it took another few minutes for the car to struggle up the winding , snow-covered driveway . 
 when we reached the loop in front , a crowd of stern expressions had already gathered-vampire , human , and werebeast . 
 amelie landed at my feet the second the door opened , throwing her arms around my neck . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , evangeline ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 `` oh , thank god ! 
 i could n't get to you ! 
 i could n't move ! 
 i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 she gushed . 
 `` by the time i broke free , you were already gone . '' 
 i offered a small smile , wincing from the growing throb in my jaw . 
 `` it 's okay , amelie . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 her eyes darted to my jaw , eyebrows raised . 
 `` uh , have you seen your face ? 
 you look terrible ! '' 
 `` okay , maybe not fine , but i 'll live . '' 
 i had no idea what i looked like . 
 i 'm not sure i wanted to know . 
 i definitely did n't want caden to see me like that . 
 speaking of which ... i took in the faces around me . 
 everyone was here . 
 everyone except viggo and caden . 
 for a moment , a stab of pain poked at me , wondering where he was , wondering why he was n't concerned enough to be waiting for me , but i pushed it aside , remembering he was likely with bishop . 
 as lilly stepped out from the driver 's side , amelie instantly lunged at her , her claws dangerously extended . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 luckily mage was there to intercept the attack , securing amelie in a partial headlock before she reached the tiny kidnapper . 
 lilly did n't flinch . 
 in fact , i 'm pretty sure i saw her smile . 
 `` we leave you two alone for a few hours ... , '' sofie began in in a cold , hard voice as she walked forward , her light touch caressing my jaw , making a tsking sound . 
 `` why must you decide to act like a rebellious teenager now , evangeline ? 
 you were such an obedient child , always following the rules . 
 now that you 're in the most danger , you 're continuously doing stupid things ! '' 
 `` yeah , well , look where being obedient got me . '' 
 sofie paused to consider me . 
 she said nothing , though , turning to amelie . 
 `` and you ! 
 i thought you were smarter than that . '' 
 `` here we go again ! 
 seven hundred years old and i 'm being scolded twice in one day . '' 
 amelie crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` you deserve to be . '' 
 julian stepped forward from just inside the door , his chocolate face screaming worry as he looked at me . 
 i offered him a small smile . 
 `` it 's not amelie 's fault . 
 i begged her to take me out . 
 we wanted to get some christmas presents . '' 
 `` i did n't think we were being watched ! '' 
 amelie exclaimed . 
 `` we 're always being watched , you twit ! '' 
 mortimer scoffed from his corner . 
 sofie 's eyes drifted to lilly . 
 `` i 'm not sure that we were ... until now . 
 someone may have tipped them off . '' 
 her tone was thick with accusation . 
 was she accusing lilly of being the informant ? 
 no ! 
 that could n't be . 
 she was the one who saved me ! 
 `` it 's not her fault , '' i said . 
 `` i wanted to go . 
 i needed to get out . 
 we both did ... '' silence met my admission of guilt . 
 `` what 's done is done , '' sofie stated , exhaling . 
 `` you can tell me all about it later . 
 for now , '' she turned to lilly , `` can i assume you 're willing to join us ? '' 
 lilly 's mouth twisted in thought . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` lilly , '' i coaxed lightly , `` remember what we agreed to . 
 no more games . 
 there 's too much at stake . '' 
 her face smoothed over with a nod . 
 `` i have pledged my allegiance to evangeline . 
 she 's asked that i listen to you as it relates to the war , and so i will . '' 
 by the flash of surprise on mortimer 's face and the open-mouth gape on amelie 's , it was clear that lilly 's declaration caught everyone off guard . 
 my , my . 
 are n't you building a little empire , max said sarcastically . 
 you know , one of these days , you 're going to be sorry you keep tricking me ... i gave him an apologetic shrug . 
 once the initial shock subsided , sofie spoke up . 
 `` you are okay with this , evangeline ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... '' i was unsure of how to say this without offending lilly . 
 `` i 'm okay with it . 
 but i do n't feel any different , so ... '' i 'm not sure i can trust her , sofie . 
 read between the lines . 
 she nodded slowly . 
 maybe she understood me . 
 if not , i 'd ask her if she could confirm it later , when we were alone . 
 `` has the witch given us any details ? '' 
 lilly asked , switching gears . 
 i frowned . 
 the witch ... the witch ! 
 they kidnapped her ? 
 they must have ! 
 `` no , though kait and viggo are still interrogating her , '' mage explained simply . 
 `` they 're almost finished . '' 
 finished because they 'd gotten their answer or because there was n't much left of her ? 
 i decided that i 'd rather not know . 
 `` well , '' sofie said , pausing . 
 `` good . 
 now that that 's settled , please , wo n't you come in ? 
 we have a lot of work to do . '' 
 we followed her into the massive foyer . 
 `` mortimer , why do n't you take lilly to kait ? '' 
 with a nod , they vanished . 
 `` and evangeline ... '' i turned , expecting her to tell me i was grounded for life . 
 instead , she wrapped her arm around my shoulder . 
 `` i need to tell you something . 
 it 's important . '' 
 she hesitated , her mouth bending into a weird half-excited , half-nervous smile . 
 `` i figured out a way to free bishop . '' 
 joy exploded inside me like fireworks on the fourth of july . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 of course sofie had fixed it ! 
 sofie could fix anything ! 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i parroted and looked over at amelie , expecting a matching grin . 
 she stood there with a strange expression on her face . 
 i could n't read it . 
 she was definitely happy but there was also a glimpse of something ... pity , perhaps ? 
 `` where is he ? 
 when can i - '' sofie cut me off . 
 `` now , i do n't have a lot of time to explain . '' 
 she paused , listening to something in the distance , off to our right . 
 `` damn it , '' she muttered under her breath . 
 `` they 're coming . '' 
 they ... bishop and caden ! 
 my heart started to race . 
 i turned to gaze down the hall , waiting excitedly . 
 sofie 's hand waved furiously at amelie . 
 `` go stall them for a moment , please . '' 
 something about that tone ... it unsettled me . 
 amelie disappeared in a flash . 
 `` why the need to stall ? '' 
 i asked warily . 
 sofie was suddenly in front of me , seizing my hands tightly , pale eyes holding mine as if compelled . 
 `` okay , remember how mage 's compulsion erased all memory of earth for caden and the others ? '' 
 she said in a low whisper . 
 i nodded . 
 `` well ... it gave me an idea . 
 it took some thinking and a little request of the fates ... '' oh god ... the fates . 
 prickles of worry nipped at my toes . 
 so far , any mention of them usually spelled disaster for me . 
 `` but bishop is back to himself now , '' she assured me . 
 `` except for one key difference . '' 
 she was rambling . 
 sofie does n't ramble . 
 `` there was only one way to do it . 
 i had to erase all memory of her , '' she whispered , her eyebrows rising suggestively with her . 
 sofie 's words did n't register at first . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked slowly . 
 `` she does not exist in his memory . 
 nothing about her . 
 nothing about being bound up by magic over the last few days because he wanted to avenge her death . 
 the fates altered it all . '' 
 `` her ? 
 you mean f - '' sofie 's hand flew to my lips , clamping on tightly . 
 i moaned in pain but she ignored it , rushing with her whispers now . 
 `` we 'll talk about it later , but whatever happens , you can not mention her name . 
 as long as no one mentions her name , we 're golden . 
 if he hears you mention it again , the spell is broken and he 's back in merth . 
 understand ? '' 
 not mention her . 
 she did n't exist . 
 i felt as if she had just walked up and walloped me across my injured jaw . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 sofie prodded . 
 i nodded , dumbstruck . 
 `` so , if he does n't remember ... her ... what does he remember ? '' 
 pity flashed across sofie 's face-one hundred percent unveiled pity . 
 it sunk my insides to my feet just as a loud , jovial voice sounded from our right . 
 bishop 's voice . 
 all thoughts and worries vanished . 
 my heart melted , my body gravitating toward that beautiful sound . 
 i turned just as bishop appeared , grinning broadly , his gray eyes twinkling in that playful way . 
 he scooped me into his arms and spun me around . 
 i giggled excitedly . 
 just like old times ... like happy times . 
 like - bishop 's lips closed over mine , pressing against them . 
 at first i thought it was show of friendly affection . 
 but when he did n't pull away , when the kiss became deeper , more intense , when his hands slid to my back , running along my contours , i knew something was wrong . 
 it was a kiss i 'd seen him secretly give fiona countless times . 
 alarm paralyzed me . 
 i felt my cheeks blaze with embarrassment . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 why was bishop kissing me ? 
 bishop pulled away , his jaw tensing angrily as he appraised my injured face . 
 `` they sure did a number on you . '' 
 i heard myself make some sort of guttural sound , unable to speak , unable to move-as stiff as a stick within bishop 's arms . 
 sofie swooped in , shaking his arms loose from around my body . 
 `` yes , you probably should n't get that close until she 's cleaned up . 
 you 'll need to be cautious with your affection for a while . 
 that must have hurt ... '' she turned my face to feign investigation of my injury , all the while pleading with wide eyes . 
 sorry , she was saying . 
 in all honesty , i was so stunned , i had n't felt the pain of his kiss against my mouth . 
 bishop squeezed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i was just so excited to see you . 
 i feel like i have n't seen you in forever , '' he whispered , pulling me into an embrace . 
 that 's when i saw caden standing behind us , glaring at amelie , a slight shake of disapproval . 
 caden ! 
 oh my god ! 
 oh my god ! 
 i 'm cheating on him , right in front of him ! 
 he watched bishop kiss me ! 
 what would he do ? 
 what would he say ? 
 jade eyes locked onto my face . 
 he smiled . 
 what ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 i pleaded silently with my stare , to him , to amelie , to sofie . 
 why was bishop like this ? 
 he was acting like we were together ! 
 i looked back at caden in time to see him mouth , `` everything will be okay . '' 
 no ! 
 everything will not be okay ! 
 i felt my teeth grit painfully . 
 this was wrong ! 
 all wrong ! 
 i must 've had a wild look of panic because caden turned away , squeezing his own eyes shut for a moment , a pained expression marring his face . 
 great , i have to deal with another one , max groaned . 
 do you want me to bite him ? 
 i stared at him , thankful for our secret communication . 
 `` what do you mean , max ? '' 
 bishop believes you are a couple . 
 the fates have filled his head with all kinds of false memories . 
 it 's their twisted way of giving sofie what she asked while complicating things . 
 it 's how they roll , max said . 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 i asked , aware that my voice had taken on an annoying whine . 
 bishop pulled away from me . 
 `` why what ? '' 
 he asked softly , his hand reaching up to affectionately graze my jaw . 
 `` oh ... nothing . 
 max just asked me a silly question . '' 
 another wave of anxiety tore through me with his touch . 
 on instinct , i pulled away , taking two steps back . 
 `` i need to go lie down for a while . 
 this morning took a lot out of me . '' 
 i gave a furtive sidelong glance to caden . 
 follow me , please ... `` that 's a great idea , '' sofie chirped , walking over to place a hand on bishop 's forearm . 
 `` bishop , do you think you could help mage clean up the mess in paris ? '' 
 `` yes , i definitely could use some help with that , '' mage stepped in without missing a beat . 
 `` it 's already made the news . 
 hopefully , we can make it blow over as a terrorist attack but we should head out now . 
 we should be back in a few hours . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 `` enough time for you to get cleaned up and take a rest . '' 
 for days i begged sofie to fix bishop , and now i could kiss mage for taking him away . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 bishop boomed happily , his famous crooked smile beaming . 
 `` can we take lilly 's car ? '' 
 mage nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure whomever she borrowed it from wo n't mind . '' 
 `` do you need me ? '' 
 amelie offered . 
 `` no , you 've done enough , '' mage answered quickly , giving her own look of stern disapproval . 
 amelie had the decency to duck her eyes and look contrite for a second . 
 only a second , though , and then her expression changed to one of mischief as she glanced behind her at julian leaning up against a wall . 
 `` come , '' she beckoned , offering her hand . 
 as they began walking down the hall , amelie turned back to give me a sly smile and a wink . 
 her hand reached down and pulled out a strap from beneath her shirt . 
 black lace . 
 `` great ... you managed to get that , '' i mumbled to myself , my hand going to my forehead . 
 a deep headache was forming behind my right temple . 
 i needed to warn julian before amelie ambushed him . 
 i needed to talk to caden about this whole bishop thing . 
 i needed to talk to sofie about lilly 's allegiance . 
 i needed to talk to veronique to explain things , to relieve my guilty conscience . 
 just when i thought things could n't get more complicated , my world was spiraling downward , out of control . 
 bishop leaned over to lay a gentle kiss on my forehead . 
 my back instantly stiffened . 
 `` be back soon and we 'll pick up where we left off , '' he whispered in my ear , and then he was off with mage , sauntering out the door as lazy as a lion on a sweltering day . 
 a voice screamed inside my head , where did we leave off ? 
 the second the door clicked into place , i let loose . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i screamed , wincing as a sharp pain shot through my jaw . 
 caden was beside me in a second , pulling me to his chest in a tight embrace . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 i shoved him back . 
 `` no , it 's not ! 
 what did you do to him ? '' 
 i hissed , my anger directed at sofie . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i told you what i did . 
 apparently the version of bishop we get is a little bit different . 
 it 's not me . 
 it 's the fates . 
 but at least he 's not in the merth , right ? '' 
 i was already shaking my head , looking at caden . 
 `` i do n't want that . 
 i do n't want him , i do n't - '' he silenced me with two fingers to my mouth , careful not to touch my injured jaw . 
 `` i know . 
 i know . 
 believe me ! '' 
 he paused . 
 `` it looks like this is as close to the old bishop as we 're going to get . '' 
 `` but she erased all memories of - '' `` ah ! '' 
 sofie warned sharply , her finger held up in warning . 
 `` never say her name , even when he 's not around . '' 
 `` of her ... '' i adjusted . 
 `` it 's like she never existed . '' 
 `` i know ... but we all know she did , '' caden whispered , looking down at me . 
 `` none of us is going to forget . 
 but she 's gone , and we have a choice of accepting it and moving on with this version of bishop or losing both of them . 
 i do n't know about you , but i have better things to do than sit by my best friend while he suffers , bound with merth . '' 
 his hand grazed my cheek . 
 `` i know but ... if he thinks we 're together , then ... '' you and i ca n't be , i finished in my head , unable to say the words . 
 `` for now . 
 just for now . '' 
 caden pulled me into another embrace . 
 as my head rested against caden 's chest , i stared at the front door . 
 he was the old bishop , but still the wrong one . 
 this was so much worse than having caden think i 'd been with julian . 
 so much worse ... `` when this is all over , '' i said . 
 `` when it 's over , we 'll remind him of her , '' sofie agreed . 
 `` for now , though , with this war coming , we need all the help we can get . 
 we ca n't worry about him making things worse , causing scenes in public venues . '' 
 her mention of scenes brought me back to the attack , and lilly . 
 `` lilly will listen to you , sofie . 
 i told her to defer to you . 
 i do n't know how to plan a war . '' 
 i had my own internal war to deal with . 
 `` good . 
 she 's smart as a whip , that one . '' 
 sofie said . 
 `` dangerous and conniving , but smart . 
 watch out for her , evangeline . 
 she 's sworn her allegiance to you . 
 that means she wo n't harm you and she will do as you ask , but that does n't mean she ca n't stab you in the back in some roundabout way . 
 i would n't doubt for a second that she tipped off the sentinel , just so she could go in and save you ... to earn your trust . 
 kidnap you without kidnapping you . '' 
 i snorted . 
 surprise , surprise . 
 ca n't trust a vampire . 
 `` do you think it 's real ? 
 or is she tricking us ? '' 
 `` i 'll go find out . 
 you , though , '' her gentle fingers reached up to prod at my fat lip , `` need to go get cleaned up . 
 i see a cut there , but ... no ... it does n't need stitches , thank goodness . 
 i 'll get ivan . '' 
 `` no , '' caden interrupted . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 sofie opened her mouth to object , but caden brushed it off . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm okay . 
 i 'll take all the time with evangeline that i can get . '' 
 he turned me down the hall with one hand wrapped protectively around my shoulder , the other holding my hand . 
 we walked to the main bathroom in silence-the one where ivan had stitched me up last time . 
 the little medical case still sat on the counter . 
 `` i should just move in here ... '' i said as caden flicked on the light switch . 
 i gasped . 
 the left side of my jaw was a sickly purplish-red and twice the normal size , outsized only by my lip , which was blackish-purple and easily three times bigger than usual . 
 dried blood had caked around the corner of my mouth , down to my jawline . 
 even with all the vampire bites and gashes on my hands and arms , this was by far the worst-looking injury i had acquired to date . 
 lifting me under the arms like i weighed no more than a large piece of cotton , caden gently positioned me onto the counter beside the sink . 
 i trembled under his touch . 
 `` so you decided to risk a war in the streets so you could go christmas shopping ? '' 
 he popped open the case and pulled out some antiseptic , cotton balls , and salt . 
 `` when you say it like that , it sounds pretty lame , '' i looked down at my feet , feeling the burn in my cheeks . 
 `` i just needed to get away for a while . 
 things have been hard lately . '' 
 and they were about to get a whole lot harder with this new bishop issue ... caden lined the items beside me on the counter . 
 reaching up , he gently gripped the coat zipper under my chin and unzipped me . 
 his hands slid inside my jacket to my shoulders and pushed off the coat , sending fire to the butterflies already fluttering around in my stomach . 
 `` what 'd you get me ? '' 
 he teased . 
 i grinned broadly but then winced . 
 `` who says i got you anything ? '' 
 i wondered if that expensive watch in my inner pocket survived the whole ordeal unscathed . 
 caden chuckled as he saturated a cotton ball with antiseptic . 
 he gently dabbed at my cheek and my lip . 
 i winced from the sting and he stopped . 
 `` it 's okay , keep going , '' i whispered . 
 i watched him silently , gritting my teeth against the bite , distracting myself by visually tracing the lines of his beautiful face . 
 his expression , suddenly more somber , his voice dropping an octave or two . 
 `` i guess amelie got something for julian ? '' 
 there was that tinge of bitterness again . 
 `` yeah . 
 does it bother you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` does it bother you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 yes , but not for the reason you think , caden . 
 he moistened another cotton pad and began smoothing it over my jawline , down along my throat . 
 it did n't hurt so much here . 
 it was soothing . 
 `` they did a great job on your face , '' he muttered . 
 `` i 'm collecting scars . '' 
 that earned a small snort , followed by a shake of disapproval . 
 `` there , '' he whispered , looking down into my eyes and i remembered then , again , how i could lose myself in them . 
 filling a cup with cold water from the tap and sprinkling some salt into it , he handed it to me . 
 `` rinse . '' 
 after i did so , he leaned in and planted the lightest kiss on the unmangled side of my face . 
 i groaned . 
 `` what are we going to do about bishop ? '' 
 his lips curved into a sad smile as his hands dropped to my thighs . 
 `` nothing . 
 play along . '' 
 play along ? 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 `` you have to , '' caden urged . 
 `` remember how i had to do the same with rachel to keep you safe ? '' 
 i groaned again , more loudly . 
 those were the longest days of my life , watching rachel molest him like a cougar in heat . 
 before i knew how he felt , i was purely jealous . 
 after ... i wanted to rake her eyeballs out . 
 `` but it 's not the same ! 
 this is bishop ! 
 he 's my friend ! '' 
 `` yes , '' caden 's hands lifted to my shoulder , leveling me with a lecturing look . 
 `` your friend who you do n't want to be imprisoned-your friend who you do n't want suffering in silent agony . '' 
 `` but ... '' my rebuttal died on my lips . 
 i had already lost the argument . 
 caden was right . 
 still ... `` does n't it bother you ? '' 
 i whimpered . 
 caden shut his eyes . 
 he inhaled and exhaled slowly , his nostrils flaring slightly . 
 `` you have no idea ... i wanted to put my fist through a wall earlier , when he was kissing you . 
 but then i have to remind myself that this guy is not just any guy . 
 he 's bishop and this is only temporary . 
 besides , it 's way better than knowing you and julian ... '' his voice drifted , his adam 's apple bobbing up and down . 
 i dropped my gaze , another guilty dagger in my heart over my deception . 
 we sat in silence for a moment . 
 `` what if i ca n't do it ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` what if i accidently mention fi ... her ? 
 what if - '' caden 's hand lifted to the good side of my face . 
 `` you wo n't , '' he whispered . 
 `` and you can do it . 
 sofie and i already talked . 
 we 're going to convince him you need space with all this stuff going on . 
 something like that . 
 sofie will take care of it . '' 
 i nodded and stifled a yawn . 
 the poor sleep and the various attacks were wearing me down . 
 `` stay right here , '' he whispered and then he disappeared , returning about fifteen seconds later with a bag of frozen peas in his hand . 
 before i could move , he scooped me into his arms and we were sailing upstairs to my room . 
 i was under the covers in twenty seconds . 
 `` sleep now . '' 
 he pushed the hair off my face . 
 i had to admit , the bed felt especially welcoming at this point , as my muscles relaxed into its softness . 
 `` stay ? '' 
 i pleaded softly . 
 he paused and i figured he was deciding how he would deny me this time . 
 but instead , he swung his legs onto the bed to lie beside me . 
 he leaned forward , elbows and hands on either side of my pillow . 
 pressing his forehead against mine , he whispered , `` just for a little while . '' 
 my breath hitched as his lips grazed mine , first as soft as a feather but then growing with fervor . 
 a little too fervently . 
 i tried not to flinch , but of course , caden caught it , instantly shifting his mouth to the side of my neck . 
 his nose trailed against my skin behind my ear , tickling me . 
 `` you should ease up on the bactine . '' 
 `` i had an amateur nursemaid , '' i murmured , delighting in his closeness . 
 why the sudden change in him , i could n't say , but i was n't about to question it . 
 i would n't utter a word . 
 i would simply enjoy . 
 i slid my arms around his chest and pulled him down to lie on top of me with all the strength i could muster . 
 `` no , no ... '' caden chuckled , reaching behind to peel my arms off his torso , much to my protest . 
 `` you need to sleep . '' 
 he gently flipped me onto my side and slid in to spoon me , snuggling close . 
 a cool hand pushed my matted hair off my face . 
 i felt the lightest kiss near the nape of my neck , igniting my insides . 
 it was extinguished quickly with a bag of frozen peas against my face . 
 the icy chill brought almost instant relief to the throb , numbing it to the point that the pain almost disappeared . 
 and it was like that , held safely in caden 's arms , that i somehow drifted off to sleep . 
 familiar prickles sparked through my body as i struggled to focus-the sign that i was now sharing veronique 's body with her , seeing the world through her eyes . 
 fortunately , i had left my mangled face and stitched arm back in france . 
 unfortunately , veronique had plenty of injuries to make up for them . 
 my entire body ached right down to the bone , like someone had whipped , burned , and beaten me within an inch of my life . 
 i was n't in a dark , dank cell this time . 
 i was n't strapped to a metal table , either . 
 i was now in a quiet little room with dove-gray walls and ethereal curtains . 
 a single bed with a simple crocheted quilt sat to the right of the armchair where i rested . 
 i could see that my tattered , bloodied dress had been replaced by a long white cable-knit sweater and white leggings with lace at the bottoms . 
 dappled yellow and blue skin peeked out from the cuffs at my wrists . 
 god only knew what lay beneath my sleeves . 
 slowly , holding my breath against the twinges of pain , i leaned forward to inspect my feet . 
 a thick layer of white gauze protected them , wrapped around so fully that they looked mummified . 
 i shuddered , memories of that blowtorch sending an icy shiver running along my neck and shoulders . 
 `` allo ... evangeline ? '' 
 veronique 's voice called out , moving my lips . 
 my short hairs spiked . 
 she knew i was there . 
 i could no longer play the silent observer . 
 `` you can tell i 'm here ? '' 
 i asked timidly . 
 `` oui . 
 i feel tickles . '' 
 her voice sounded much firmer than the last time . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 this back and forth feels so strange ! 
 for anyone witnessing it , they 'd quickly write veronique off as a mentally disturbed young woman . 
 `` i have been better . 
 one of the witches put a special salve on my burns to help , '' she explained . 
 `` they say they ca n't heal my feet . 
 i do n't know why ... '' i know why , veronique . 
 but i 'm not sure i want to tell you just yet . 
 would she transform into walking death as well ? 
 maybe not . 
 maybe she 'd be like julian . 
 `` it sounds like they 're treating you better , '' i said instead , forcing the disturbing questions from my head , thanking god that we did n't share our thoughts like we shared her body . 
 `` yes ... they brought me up to this room and gave me food and water . 
 and they 've left me alone for some reason . '' 
 an inkling of suspicion pricked me . 
 why would a group of witches hell-bent on setting fire to her to get her to speak just a day ago now feed and care for her ? 
 especially when they knew they had an occasional intruder coming to watch ? 
 something did n't make sense . 
 what are you up to now , cruella ? 
 i swallowed . 
 `` what have you told them ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` everything i know , which is n't much . 
 but everything . '' 
 a painful lump detonated in my throat . 
 `` what exactly is everything ? '' 
 `` how the vampires had no venom and how sofie was trying to fix it . '' 
 i sighed heavily . 
 `` yeah , that 's a pretty big one . '' 
 now the sentinel and the witches knew . 
 they knew they needed to strike while the vampires ' numbers were low . 
 my eyes roamed the room again . 
 `` so you 're still in the same place ? '' 
 `` i guess so ... i 'm not sure . 
 i was unconscious for a while after ... '' her voice choked off . 
 no matter . 
 i knew what she was referring to . 
 `` why has n't sofie come yet ? '' 
 chunks of my heart tumbled , hearing her shaky voice , rank with the belief that her sister had abandoned her to this , that she was allowing this . 
 i could n't do it anymore . 
 i could n't lie . 
 not about this . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` because she does n't know you 're out , veronique , '' i answered softly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i had no idea how to explain . 
 where to begin ? 
 what to tell her ? 
 i did n't even know how much time i had . 
 likely only minutes , in which case i needed to get as much information as i could from her . 
 carefully , though ... i could n't tell her anything that could harm us if the witches decided to have another run at torture . 
 she had already proven easily persuaded to divulge information . 
 `` listen , veronique , '' i began , `` we probably do n't have a lot of time and i need some information from you . 
 i 'm going to get you out of here , i promise . '' 
 if we can figure out where you are ! 
 `` but i need to know a few things . '' 
 she paused hesitantly . 
 `` okay ... '' `` okay ... how many witches and sentinel have you seen ? '' 
 `` oh ... i do n't know , '' she answered , thinking . 
 `` hundreds , maybe . '' 
 wow . 
 `` okay . 
 do you know how people are getting in and out ? '' 
 `` uh ... i do n't know , evangeline . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 've been locked up the entire time . '' 
 i sighed . 
 tortured prisoners did n't make good insiders . 
 `` do you know who that dark-haired one is ? '' 
 `` oui ! '' 
 she answered quickly , excited to have an answer . 
 `` her name is imogen . 
 she is not nice . '' 
 that 's an understatement . 
 i could see how everyone took veronique for a sweetheart . 
 `` has she said anything ... interesting ? 
 given you clues of any sort ? '' 
 i felt my brow crease as veronique gave it some thought . 
 `` no ... , '' she answered slowly . 
 `` but she talks into a little gray box a lot . 
 it makes a funny sound . 
 like ringing . '' 
 little gray thing ... little gray thing ... i scowled , with frustration . 
 what could she be ... her cell phone ! 
 veronique had never seen a cell phone ! 
 `` does it sound like she 's talking to someone here , in the building , or somewhere else ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` definitely far . 
 she said something about flying to england . 
 what did she mean , ` fly , ' evangeline ? '' 
 despite the dire situation , veronique 's innocent questions made me chuckle . 
 `` in a plane . '' 
 this was crazy ! 
 `` i 'll explain later . 
 there 's so much to learn . 
 for now , stay safe and try not to tell them anything . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 do n't go yet ! '' 
 i heard the desperation in her voice . 
 `` i ca n't help how long i stay , veronique . 
 it just happens . 
 but i 'm still here for now . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` how long was i in that statue for ? 
 the world has changed so much , from the little i have seen . '' 
 `` about a hundred and twenty years . '' 
 i felt like i was delivering a fatal diagnosis . 
 with a strangled gasp , veronique 's hands flew to cover her mouth . 
 i said nothing , allowing her to absorb the news that she had essentially woken up from a one-hundred-and twenty-year-long coma . 
 `` and mortimer and viggo ? 
 have they moved on ? 
 how are they ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` they are still your number-one fans . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` they 're fine . 
 they do n't know you 're out , either . '' 
 `` you must think horribly of me ... in love with two men , '' she said and i felt heat creep into my face with her embarrassment . 
 it was such a genuinely sweet reaction to the situation , i could n't help but instantly like her . 
 except for her poor taste in mates . 
 `` no , i do n't , veronique , but ... '' what do i say ? 
 you 're in love with a psychopath who would slaughter newborn babies if he felt so inclined ? 
 i could n't say that , and yet , i had to say something ... what if she chose him over mortimer ? 
 i swallowed my fear . 
 she had to know . 
 there was no sugar-coating this . 
 `` do n't trust viggo , veronique . '' 
 a prickle of wariness tickled my neck . 
 veronique 's neck . 
 `` what ? 
 that 's silly ! '' 
 she exclaimed , a little too loudly . 
 she gasped and looked at the door , waiting . 
 when no one entered , she lowered her voice to a whisper . 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 let it out , evangeline . 
 tell her ... tell her the truth , a part of me screamed . 
 a selfish , spiteful side that longed for the ultimate triumph for all the misery viggo had inflicted upon me , upon sofie , upon mortimer , upon max ... upon mankind . 
 `` because he murdered my mother , veronique , for no other reason than he was mad at sofie . '' 
 my voice was low and cool as i delivered my revenge . 
 `` because he murdered lilly 's mother . 
 because he has tortured and would have killed your sister a million times . 
 because he was ready to kill me . '' 
 her head shook side to side , her brow furrowed so tightly , it pained my facial injuries . 
 `` non ... you must be mistaken . 
 surely . '' 
 `` i would not make a mistake like this , veronique . 
 please believe me . 
 you must choose mortimer . '' 
 my voice was surprisingly calm and steady-strong even . 
 `` i do n't know who you are or why you are here . 
 you are telling me lies . 
 maybe you are the reason i am locked up in here with these witches . '' 
 `` you know what ? 
 you 're right ! 
 i am the reason you 're in there . 
 but it 's not for any reason you could guess . 
 i ca n't tell you anything else because it 's too risky . 
 what i can say is that you know your sister , veronique . 
 she will either get herself killed coming to save you or she 'll start a war that will end in ruin . 
 so as appalling as it is , know that for every day she does n't know you 're out of your statue , you 're saving lives . 
 countless lives . '' 
 as the words rolled out , i felt an internal scale tip . 
 i was doing the right thing . 
 silence cast an inescapable shadow within the room . 
 silence , sadness , and doom . 
 and that is exactly how i left veronique , that hollow ache coming back with me to my own tumultuous life . 
 i found myself back in my room at the chateau , a presence lying behind me . 
 he stayed ! 
 excited , i rolled over . 
 `` i thought you 'd be - '' my words ended in a croak . 
 `` good nap ? '' 
 bishop asked , grinning as he reached to brush a strand of hair caught in my lashes . 
 `` i ... i ... '' i could n't form two words , so startled , the muscles in my neck tightening into hard balls of tension . 
 what the hell was bishop doing in my bed ? 
 sofie was supposed to convince bishop to give me space . 
 this was n't space ! 
 this was alone in my bedroom ! 
 this was as far from space as we could get ! 
 sparks of rage swirled in my gut . 
 insecurity in bishop 's eyes quickly doused them . 
 i forced myself to smile . 
 `` you 've been acting strange since you came back , evie ... is everything all right ? 
 you know , between us ? '' 
 still , that fake smile held , even as horrid wrongness twisted and danced inside me . 
 between us ? 
 there is no `` between us . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i mean , no . 
 i mean ... '' i fumbled over my words , swallowing several times . 
 `` well , then ... '' his body leaned forward until his arm stretched over me and his giant muscular torso pressed up against my chest . 
 dipping his head , i felt the softest caress of his lips against my collarbone . 
 it was hesitant and gentle and it stirred feelings that i should n't have . 
 i slipped my arm in between our chests to break the contact and then , with a forceful push , i rolled away and scampered to a sitting position . 
 pressing my hands to my belly , i searched for max who had mastered the art of intrusion . 
 my disappointment swelled . 
 he was nowhere in sight . 
 what was i supposed to do now ? 
 how would i convince bishop that `` we '' did not exist without hurting his feelings ? 
 that was the last thing i wanted to do ! 
 sliding off the bed , i walked over to the mirror and peered at my face , partly as a stalling tactic , partly because i wondered if my jaw had improved at all . 
 to my pleasant surprise , the swelling had decreased . 
 it hurt like hell , but at least it was n't too unsightly . 
 i guess the frozen peas did the trick . 
 i turned back to find bishop stretched out on his back across my bed , his intense gaze boring into me . 
 had it not been for caden-and fiona-i had to admit that i may have fallen for bishop . 
 i mean , there was nothing about him not to swoon over . 
 from his thick mane of blond hair to his wide , full lips , always parted in a grin , no one could argue that he was n't appealing . 
 if his looks were n't enough , his easy charm that lit up rooms , that made people want to tail after him , surely was . 
 but he was n't caden . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` bishop , '' i began . 
 he bolted upright , flinching as he watched me intently . 
 `` nothing 's wrong . 
 i just ... i do n't know what 's happening to me . '' 
 `` tell me how i can fix it . 
 let me fix it . '' 
 `` you ca n't fix this ... '' i interjected softly . 
 `` with this tribe magic coursing through me , i 'm feeling weird . 
 not myself at all . '' 
 i was grasping at straws . 
 `` something 's changing inside me ... '' pain flickered in bishop 's eyes . 
 `` for me ? 
 your feelings for me ? '' 
 my head was shaking furiously , my heart throbbing as i continued the lie . 
 how many times could a person 's heart break in one day ? 
 `` my feelings for you have not changed . '' 
 that was the truth . 
 they just were n't the feelings he thought i should have . 
 and then it hit me . 
 i did have the perfect excuse . 
 the truth . 
 `` any day , any moment , my touch will kill you . '' 
 i delivered it with such clarity , with such conviction , without a waver or a stutter , there was no way he could think it was anything but real . 
 his face twisted . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` do you remember the tribes ? '' 
 `` yeah , i remember them , '' he said . 
 i struggled to keep the surprise from my face . 
 what exactly did he remember ? 
 it took me a minute to gain my composure . 
 `` i 'm changing . 
 morphing . 
 ca n't you sense it ? '' 
 his chin furrowed . 
 `` yeah , i can . 
 sofie said not to worry about it . '' 
 i could n't stop my eye roll . 
 `` every day , i 'm a little bit more like walking death . 
 if this continues , then a day will come-soon-when my touch will kill you . 
 i ca n't bear that thought , bishop . 
 i 'll die . '' 
 my voice , cracking with emotion , carried the purity of truth with it . 
 i would die if i killed him , or amelie , or caden . 
 even the thought produced a well of tears . 
 `` so we need to keep the physical contact at bay . 
 please . 
 for me . 
 for my sanity . '' 
 he groaned and flopped back into the bed , his hands flying to his face and sliding through his hair . 
 `` you 're killing me here ! 
 i 've been waiting a month for you to come back from the mountains ! '' 
 again , i struggled to keep the shock from my face . 
 if he did n't remember anything about f-her-during that month , what did he remember ? 
 `` yeah ... that 's a long time . 
 what were you doing during that time again ? '' 
 i walked toward my dresser to pull out fresh clothes , trying to appear as casual as possible . 
 bishop 's arms folded around his chest , his words dry . 
 `` you know exactly what i was doing , evangeline ... i did n't have a choice ! 
 i had to get over my bloodlust after i almost killed you ! '' 
 my feet froze mid-step . 
 bishop almost killed me ... not caden . 
 bishop . 
 bishop waited for me while i was in the mountains ... not caden . 
 a theory formed in my mind . 
 a dark , twisted theory that brought my level of disgust for these master puppeteer fates to a new low . 
 i turned on my heels and headed back over to the bed . 
 i perched myself at the edge of the mattress , forcing a relaxed smile . 
 `` was n't ratheus simpler ? 
 remember those days , swimming , fishing ... and that tunnel in the water we went through ? '' 
 a lazy grin stretched onto bishop 's face as he reminisced with me . 
 `` yeah ... i remember that . 
 we could have gone above ground , but it got you close to me . '' 
 i held the smile on my face . 
 i held it , even as it brawled with my emotions to slide off and allow shock and horror to take its place . 
 the fates had plagiarized caden 's memories and planted them in bishop 's mind ! 
 all of our private moments were now bishop 's memories . 
 that meant ... the air left my lungs in a rush as bishop 's eyes trailed the length of my thigh , up my arm , over my body , heat igniting within . 
 without thinking , i hunched my shoulders inward to protect myself from his appraisal . 
 but ... how had they managed to contort his memories and erase fi-her ? 
 i did n't dare even think her name . 
 there had to be some disconnect , some complete fabrication in bishop 's poor lobotomized memories . 
 as curious as i was to find out , i knew that poking around in there was like punting a ticking time bomb . 
 and i was n't going to be the one to swing my leg . 
 `` we should go downstairs . 
 find out what 's happening . '' 
 he nodded , reaching out to grasp my hand . 
 i allowed the affection for a few seconds , not wanting to pull away too quickly . 
 but eventually , i stood and shook his hand off . 
 `` we ca n't risk it , bishop . '' 
 he nodded , a pout curving his lips downward . 
 my throat closed up . 
 i walked over to my dresser while silently cursing the fates for making me hurt him so . 
 then i remembered the alternative . 
 suck it up , evie . 
 you asked for this . 
 you asked sofie to fix him . 
 rifling through the top drawer to find a sweater and a pair of jeans , i turned to find bishop still watching . 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 i asked , dipping my head toward the door . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he exclaimed , an appalled expression on his face . 
 my heart flipped , my cheeks burning . 
 `` it 'd be less tempting for us both if you did n't watch . '' 
 i turned my back to him and waited , unable to face his disappointment . 
 i finally heard the bed creak with the relief of his weight . 
 `` i 'll be downstairs when you 're ready , '' he mumbled , closing the door behind him . 
 *** a large crowd had congregated in the glass room . 
 twelve vampires , a secret sentinel member , two werewolves in human form , and four werebeasts , all talking over one another . 
 this is my christmas eve . 
 if the situation were n't so bleak , i may have laughed . 
 but there was nothing to laugh about here . 
 lilly stood between sofie and mage , sharp , wary eyes like a cat secured on viggo . 
 i noticed her shifting her weight from one foot to the other , appearing torn between bolting for freedom and leaping over the furniture to attack . 
 lilly 's group squabbled with mortimer ; amelie was in the midst of a heated arm-waving conversation with ivan , likely over her earlier deception . 
 julian stood next to the bookshelf with his arms crossed . 
 his lips were moving . 
 i figured he was having a one-way conversation with max , who sat beside him . 
 i had to assume amelie had n't succeeded in her quest earlier . 
 that was one shred of good news . 
 still , i needed to warn him ... max 's brothers stood like sentries around the room , equidistant apart and appearing disinterested , though i knew they were far from it . 
 viggo sat in an armchair next to the fire , amusement on his face and poker in hand , a favorite position of his , i was beginning to learn . 
 he caught me studying him and he smirked . 
 i briefly pictured driving the hot poker through his eye , but i knew i 'd have to get in line behind lilly . 
 all in all , it was a regular supernatural circus . 
 i found caden leaning against a window , watching the scene unfold , a crooked smile on his face . 
 when he saw me , he nodded his chin , gesturing me over . 
 though i wanted to skip across the room , i moved slowly to check for bishop . 
 thankfully , he was nowhere in sight . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 caden lifted my chin with a finger to get a better look at my jaw . 
 `` the swelling 's gone down . '' 
 just his touch had me beaming like an idiot , only to wince in pain a second later . 
 `` yeah , i 'll be fine . '' 
 suddenly , the room quieted . 
 i turned to find everyone staring at me , as if they had just noticed my entrance . 
 `` the turmoil inside her is unnerving , '' lilly said , with a curious flash in her blue irises . 
 beside her , mage nodded in agreement . 
 my skin prickled , knowing the entire room was now trying to break through my magical shell to see what kind of mess existed underneath . 
 i could n't help but thank the tribe 's magic for shielding me from the scrutiny . 
 i 'd never have been able to hide all these deadly secrets without it . 
 `` it 's more than that , though . '' 
 sofie frowned . 
 `` do you sense it ? '' 
 when no one answered , she looked to mage , asking in a more insistent voice . 
 `` do you ? 
 do you feel that strange ... pull around her ? '' 
 panic rolled inside of me . 
 `` pull ? 
 magic ? 
 what does that mean ? 
 sofie ? '' 
 sofie did n't answer , her full attention on mage who studied me . 
 i averted my gaze to caden , to the ground , to the tree , to anything that would make me feel like i was n't standing naked on a stage . 
 mage finally answered , shaking her head . 
 `` i do n't , but ... that does n't mean you do n't . 
 it could have something to do with your magic . '' 
 i looked back at sofie in time to see the fear sweep across her face . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's likely nothing ... '' `` i have n't gone deaf , you know ! 
 and your reaction is not ` nothing , ' sofie . 
 stop talking about me like i 'm not here , and tell me what you 're thinking , damn it ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm sick of you guys sweeping these tribal magic consequences under the rug ! 
 tell me if i 'm going to turn into a hideous monster ! 
 tell me if i 'm going to kill everyone i love with a touch ! '' 
 i was shouting now and i did n't care . 
 `` i 'm tired of waiting ! 
 i 'm tired of wondering ! 
 i 'm - '' `` i do n't know , evangeline ! '' 
 sofie shouted back , her voice cracking . 
 she did n't sound angry . 
 no , she was weary and afraid and ... drained . 
 the room fell silent , its occupants watching the two of us teeter on the edges of our own nervous breakdowns . 
 i felt a hand slip over mine , close over it , clasp it tightly . 
 `` your touch ca n't kill me yet , '' caden offered soothingly . 
 when i could n't return his smile , he pulled me to his chest , his one hand sliding up under my hair to cup my neck . 
 `` bishop ... '' i whispered . 
 he smiled softly . 
 `` i 'll watch for him . '' 
 that 's all the reassurance i needed . 
 i burrowed my face into the ridges of caden 's chest and inhaled his heavenly scent wishing everything else in the world away but this moment . 
 `` see ? 
 i told you ... rage ! '' 
 amelie said . 
 `` she went all crazy on the guy at the store before too . 
 pulled a knife on him . 
 i was sure - '' i spun around to throw fiery daggers at amelie , my cheeks blazing . 
 of all times to expose my earlier psychotic behavior , this was not that time . 
 amelie immediately clamped her mouth shut , having the decency to look away . 
 `` continue , please ... kait , '' mortimer spoke then . 
 he sounded unimpressed that my entrance had thrown such a wrench into their conversation . 
 `` they 've infiltrated the army , the government , the police ... '' kait went on . 
 `` we believe their army is in the tens of thousands . 
 we have yet to locate their main stations . 
 i do n't know how many of them i 've coerced to talk . 
 we get bits and pieces of info but nothing terribly useful . 
 we know they operate in sleeper cells . 
 we 've found a larger presence in certain areas-rome , israel , england ... '' veronique had mentioned england . 
 `` they 're so tightly connected , their reach so close to deadly force . 
 we ca n't just storm them , mortimer . 
 attacking one contingent is setting a chain reaction that you want to avoid . '' 
 `` and it would trigger that chain reaction , without a doubt , '' mage interjected . 
 `` well , that scene today did n't help matters , '' mortimer scoffed , adding , `` seeing a child rip seven full grown men out of a van and snap their necks has people asking questions . '' 
 `` bishop and i went out to compel the reporters and witnesses . 
 we confiscated their phones as well . 
 everything we could think of . 
 it 's hard in a viral world , '' mage acknowledged . 
 `` someone 's personal pictures or video will surface in the next few days . '' 
 `` what else would you suggest i do ? '' 
 lilly asked with indignation . 
 `` had i not acted quickly , i assure you that you 'd never have seen her again . '' 
 i felt caden 's fists tighten their grip on my sweater . 
 a brief moment of silence . 
 `` and what about that witch ? 
 did you get anything from her ? '' 
 mortimer asked kait . 
 `` nothing but moans and a mess . 
 we wo n't be getting any more from her . '' 
 i shuddered , visions of kait in a full leather outfit standing over a table with sharp , scary tools and a sadistic grin too scary to focus long on . 
 mortimer took a seat on one of the couches . 
 `` today 's attack , coupled with the events from new york , is leading right into this war whether we like it or not . 
 the blood bank and that debacle at the night club is old news . 
 these new gruesome attacks , though , care of your friend jonah ... '' mortimer 's head shook with disgust . 
 mage 's mouth twisted as if she had bitten into a lemon . 
 `` yes , he 's certainly leading it , but ... there 's too much going on to be just him . '' 
 `` so he 's made others , '' sofie acknowledged . 
 `` yes , he 's building his army . 
 against me , '' mage answered smoothly . 
 her next words sent a cold shiver down my spine , solidifying in my memory that as nice as she may seem , she was still the most lethal of killers . 
 `` he knows i 'm coming for him soon . '' 
 `` when will that be exactly ? 
 he needs to be dealt with , and quickly , '' viggo piped in from his corner , outside of the conversation . 
 `` i 'd be happy to do that . '' 
 `` that means you 'll be leaving for home immediately ? '' 
 lilly chirped without missing a beat . 
 viggo answered with another of his evil grins . 
 `` what a grudge you hold , little leelee . '' 
 i never thought i 'd see a vampire 's face burn red hot , but there it was-lilly , as crimson as a fire engine , her claws clenching and unclenching as she glared murderously at her father figure . 
 i could n't lie . 
 i 'd be happy if viggo stood and waved goodbye right this instant . 
 the further away he was from us , the safer we all were . 
 `` we do n't have a home anymore , '' mortimer reminded everyone . 
 someone singing at the top of their lungs disrupted the group again . 
 caden 's arms dropped from my body and he took a step back . 
 sure enough , a tall , lean body rounded the corner with a relaxed gait and a bottle in his fist . 
 stopping to take in the atmosphere , he grimaced . 
 `` well , this looks like loads of fun ... it 's christmas eve ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` i see you 've found the wine cellar , '' sofie said as he took a long , sloppy swig from his bottle . 
 `` i believe that 's port . 
 it 's meant to be a digestif , not for guzzling . '' 
 `` what can i say ... it 's going down well ! '' 
 he took another lazy drink , earning a giggle from amelie and an eye roll from kait . 
 like a wolf with a newborn calf in its jaws , mortimer yanked the topic back to task . 
 `` so then , where should we attack first ? '' 
 the word attack sparked a new flurry of debate , full of shouts and vehement objections . 
 back to chaos . 
 i sighed , silently wishing i could sneak off and hide in my room . 
 with caden ... bishop caught my eye then . 
 he smiled and winked , holding the bottle in front of him in an offering gesture . 
 `` wash away your worries with me . '' 
 i stood frozen to the ground , unsure of what to do , unwilling to leave caden 's side but afraid to continue rejecting bishop 's efforts . 
 when raw pain flashed across bishop 's face , i realized i had waited too long . 
 my waffling was tearing him apart . 
 i felt a gentle nudge on the small of my back-caden 's hand prodding me forward-and i knew i had no choice . 
 forcing a smile onto my face , i stiffly walked over to bishop . 
 `` looks like you 're not going to kill me just yet , '' he whispered softly , holding his arm out . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 i hooked my arm within his , assuming that 's what i was supposed to do . 
 it felt strange . 
 it felt awkward . 
 it felt all kinds of wrong , all the more so with caden standing behind me . 
 casually tossing my hair over my shoulder , i stole a peek at caden . 
 nothing but stone on that beautiful face of his . 
 nothing to give away his thoughts . 
 i needed to be strong like that . 
 for bishop , for caden , for me . 
 with a deep inhale , i turned back with a giant smile for bishop 's benefit . 
 `` let 's blow this popsicle stand ! '' 
 he joked , towing me out of the glass room and into calmer territory . 
 i knew that with each step forward , i was moving deeper into the charade , deeper into the deception , deeper into the world that i was not made for and yet was being molded to . 
 lies , treachery , false relationships . 
 i was n't a victim of it anymore . 
 i was now a contributor , a key contributor , some may argue . 
 i did n't think it possible and yet i could feel my intestines tighten into stronger knots . 
 suddenly , the sight of that bottle in bishop 's hand , the urge to drown my worries , overpowered me . 
 i yanked it from his grasp . 
 `` whoa , there , little one , '' bishop laughed . 
 i answered by bringing the bottle to my lips and tilting it back . 
 sickly sweet syrup poured down my throat , its flavor so potent that i cringed . 
 i forced it down and took another long draw for good measure , impatiently waiting for the numbness to take hold . 
 `` no one 's going to let you step foot off this property but we can at least go for a walk around here , okay ? '' 
 bishop asked . 
 with a tiny noise of approval , i checked behind me and started with relief when i saw both max and caden shadowing us . 
 i thanked them with a smile . 
 in my peripheral vision , i saw julian and amelie trailing behind , arm in arm . 
 my smile grew bigger . 
 they were my friends . 
 they would n't make me go through this alone . 
 we would face this together . 
 the six of us sauntered down the empty halls . 
 `` you 're still acting weird , evie , '' bishop whispered , worry dampening the joy in his eyes . 
 unsure of how to deny it , i said nothing , biding my time with another long gulp of port . 
 bishop seemed more concerned about me falling out of love with him than about me turning into a yellow-eyed demon that would kill him . 
 it just went to show how important it was to keep up pretenses . 
 `` do n't worry , evie ... i 'll give you your space , like you asked . '' 
 bishop stared ahead but when i turned to peer at him , i caught the trademark grin . 
 `` that is , unless you come on to me . '' 
 burgundy liquid shot out of my mouth and nose as i choked , splashing the pristine white walls . 
 my cheeks skipped hot and went straight to `` on fire . '' 
 i instantly knew what he was referring to . 
 that first night with caden , after he had professed his true feelings for me , he had teased me , saying that i had attacked him . 
 damn those fates for plucking the most intimate of personal moments and perverting them . 
 bishop buckled over , laughing . 
 `` nice art , evie . 
 sofie 's gon na love that . '' 
 with the quickest peck on my cheek , he took off ahead of us , grabbing a mask off a suit of armor and placing it on his head . 
 he raced down the hall , filling the air with maniacal laughter . 
 `` was he always this crazy ? '' 
 amelie giggled as i wiped some of the port off my chin . 
 crazy . 
 that 's a good word , max echoed . 
 i said nothing , hugging the bottle to my chest , its warm burn now trickling through my body , reaching out like tentacles to dissolve my worries . 
 i could get used to this feeling . 
 then i could add alcoholism to my list of issues . 
 fantastic ... caden sidled up behind me-not too close-and ushered me on with a gentle squeeze of my hip , sending lightning bolts of yearning through me . 
 i so desperately wanted to turn and throw myself into his chest but i could n't . 
 it was too risky to this whole twisted illusion . 
 i could n't let bishop know who really owned my heart . 
 so i simply soaked up his eyes . 
 pure torture ... we continued down the hall in silence , passing by the panoramic view of the courtyard , all of us lost in our own thoughts and worries . 
 rounding the corner , i walked smack into a waiting , grinning bishop , his mask pushed to sit on top of his head , a fresh bottle of port in his hands . 
 this spot ... again . 
 that same eerie familiarity from before set my hair on end , just as it had the first night . 
 in this exact spot . 
 this could n't be mere coincidence ... i felt my brow furrow deeply-focusing was becoming a bother , thanks to the port-as i studied our surroundings , looking for clues . 
 the pictures , the statues , the lights , the floor , the door ... the door ? 
 i blinked repeatedly and then squinted . 
 yup . 
 it was still there . 
 a single red door behind bishop . 
 `` that door was n't there before . '' 
 i stepped closer to it . 
 `` what door , evie ? '' 
 bishop asked slowly , as if speaking to a child who insisted there were monsters under her bed . 
 `` this door ! '' 
 i exclaimed , pointing to it matter-of-factly . 
 his head moved from me to the door to me again , a weird quirk bending his brow . 
 `` maybe you should slow down on the booze ... port does n't normally make people hallucinate . '' 
 hallucinate ? 
 no ... i frowned . 
 there was no way . 
 my free hand flew out ahead of me , gesturing angrily at the door that could not possibly be missed . 
 `` the red door . 
 it 's right here ! '' 
 still , bishop 's expression did n't change . 
 looking to the others , i saw the same concerned expressions . 
 `` bishop 's right about laying off the port for a bit , eve , '' julian echoed . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 `` i 'm not seeing things . 
 it 's right here ! '' 
 i looked back to where my hand was pointing , my finger only inches away from the red paint . 
 sure enough , it was still there . 
 a bright red door with a brass door handle that had n't been there before . 
 i was sure of it . 
 are they playing a joke on me ? 
 i reached forward , my hand feeling the smooth metal handle . 
 `` see ? '' 
 `` no , we do n't see , evie . 
 quit it ! 
 you 're starting to freak me out ! '' 
 bishop said . 
 a door that no one but me could see ... this involved magic . 
 it had to be sofie 's work , and the fact that i could see it had to do with the tribe 's magic . 
 i was undoing her magic again . 
 i could see beyond whatever spell she had cast . 
 but what could sofie be hiding behind a secret door in nathan 's chateau that she did n't want anyone to know about ? 
 what would happen if i dared venture past ... could i even ? 
 what would be waiting beyond it ? 
 visions of a three-headed serpent in a dark pit flashed into my head . 
 my curiosity quickly pushed it away , unwilling to believe sofie would have need for such an abomination , desperate to know exactly what she did have need for . 
 before i could change my mind , my hand molded over the doorknob , sending prickles through my spine . 
 i turned the knob and heard the click of the door catch releasing . 
 `` oh my ... '' amelie gasped as i stepped across the threshold . 
 there were no dark gray concrete walls and cell bars , no pit , nor were there chains holding back a three-headed demon . 
 it was someone 's living quarters . 
 normal living quarters , a little on the luxurious side . 
 rich brown and gray textures and colors called this out as a masculine residence . 
 the only odd thing about the entire space was the lack of windows . 
 a hall stretched off the opposite side of the room . 
 maybe there were windows down there . 
 bishop accidently stepped on my heels as he followed me in . 
 i barely noticed . 
 `` are you seeing this ? '' 
 `` yep ... '' he answered , dumbfounded . 
 `` told you there was a door , '' i added with smug satisfaction . 
 a subtle breeze behind me , followed by a light pinch of my elbow , warned me that caden had entered . 
 he surveyed the area . 
 `` maybe we should n't be in here . '' 
 max 's long snout appeared in my periphery . 
 `` who 's sofie hiding in here , max ? '' 
 i demanded to know . 
 i have no idea . 
 `` right . 
 since when do n't you have the 4-1-1 on everything ? '' 
 i gave him a doubtful glare . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 i swear it ! 
 i 'm as baffled as you . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 looks like it 's empty . 
 whatever was here smells like it died long ago . 
 `` that makes no sense . 
 why would sofie be hiding an empty room ? 
 and why the lit fire ? '' 
 above the mantle hung a painting of sofie in the arms of a handsome dark-haired man . 
 there was only one man it could be . 
 `` is that nathan ? '' 
 i asked . 
 yup . 
 they made a nice couple , did n't they ? 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i wandered forward , caden and bishop in tow . 
 running a finger along a stack of magazines , i pulled it back and found a thick layer of dust coating my skin . 
 the couch cushion had a worn spot in the center , as if someone had sat there for so long that his or her body imprinted into it . 
 someone had certainly lived here at some point . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 a voice suddenly called out , startling everyone , including caden . 
 i whipped my head around to find a man standing in the doorway of the hallway . 
 i gasped . 
 it was the same face from the painting . 
 10 . 
 the past , resurrected-evangeline `` nath-an , '' i sputtered in a gasp , my words half caught in my throat , any alcohol-induced buzz vanishing . 
 `` h-h-how ? '' 
 as if the sound of my voice triggered a switch , nathan 's eyes fastened onto my face , his head cocking to one side in a form of recognition . 
 icy cold slithered through my entire body . 
 this had to be nathan but ... with a wary eye on him , i strained to glance back at the painting . 
 same face , same nose , same hair , same ... no . 
 i blinked several times . 
 rich dark chocolate orbs gazed down at me from the wall . 
 shifting my full attention back to the live nathan , i recoiled under the cold , washed-out slate color , the irises too large to be normal . 
 even more odd , those oversized irises reflected everything like mirrors-the dark leather couches , the flickering flames , me . 
 `` evangeline , '' he said in a monotonous drone , his face showing no expression , his voice lacking definition . 
 nothing but emptiness . 
 a rod of panic shot through my spine . 
 he knows my name . 
 he wasted no time . 
 with robotic movements , nathan began moving toward me , his focus glued to my face . 
 a low growl to my side warned me that max was ready to pounce . 
 `` evangeline , '' caden whispered through clenched teeth , his tone cutting , `` move back ... now . '' 
 i could n't move , though , so transfixed was i by those blue mirror balls , as if they had lassoed and were now wrangling me in , gripping me tightly . 
 this was n't like being compelled . 
 no ... those eyes were consuming me . 
 i felt him etching my face into his mind . 
 worse , that eerie familiarity from outside in the hall now swarmed me with renewed intensity as he neared . 
 i barely saw what happened next . 
 max leapt for nathan 's throat , growling and snapping as i had never seen him do before . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shrieked , realizing that max would kill him . 
 caden wrenched me away , throwing me into amelie 's waiting arms . 
 a canine yelp of pain froze all of us in our tracks , turning my blood to ice . 
 we turned to find max lying motionless on the ground . 
 `` no , '' i whispered breathlessly , my knees buckling , reaching desperately for my guardian . 
 with max out of the way , nathan wasted no time continuing toward us . 
 toward me . 
 bishop dove in next , a crazed determination on his face . 
 without a glimmer of concern , nathan 's arm swiftly moved up to block the attack , his large hand wrapping around bishop 's neck . 
 what happened next , i could n't explain if i wanted to . 
 already pale , i watched bishop 's face turn a pallid ashen color and tighten up , as if nathan was leeching out the life that kept him immortal . 
 once done , nathan tossed bishop 's limp , withered body to the side . 
 `` no ! '' 
 both amelie and i shrieked in unison . 
 my heart stopped . 
 what had nathan done ? 
 was he walking death now too ? 
 is this what i was doomed to become ? 
 with desperation , i searched bishop for signs of life . 
 his left knee twitched . 
 like nerves in a freshly killed body . 
 was he dead ? 
 was max ? 
 had nathan just killed them in front of me ? 
 i stood frozen , watching nathan continue closing the distance . 
 sucking in , i curled into myself , cowering . 
 amelie 's fingers tightened around my arms , her own tension channeling through me like a live wire . 
 but then those blue mirrors flickered off me , moving to my left . 
 to caden . 
 i froze , seeing caden 's jaw set with resolve , his body swaying as he positioned himself , getting ready to attack . 
 getting ready to die . 
 in the blink of an eye-because i had opened the door that sofie did n't want anyone opening-i was about to lose everyone . 
 dread , guilt , and desperation boiled over inside me , charging my limbs with newfound strength , electrifying my body until i could almost see sparks shooting from my skin 's surface . 
 no ... no ... no ! 
 i could n't allow this . 
 i would n't allow this . 
 i would fight . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i screamed , struggling to break free of amelie 's viselike grip . 
 `` you ca n't , evie . '' 
 her fingers dug into my forearms . 
 `` let me go , amelie ! '' 
 i roared . 
 rage ignited those mental sparks into a fiery blue flame as i battled her impossible strength . 
 suddenly , amelie was crumbling back with a howl of pain , her grip on me loosened . 
 in the back of my mind , i knew it was something i had done to her but at that moment , i did n't care . 
 i cared about one thing only . 
 i dove forward , hurtling my body in front of caden to create a barrier before he knew what was happening . 
 `` you will not kill him ! '' 
 i screamed , fists clenched at my sides , bracing myself for whatever agony nathan was about to serve . 
 nathan 's mirror balls snapped to mine and he halted . 
 we watched each other , face to face , two feet of space between us , two feet keeping me from becoming a corpse . 
 i watched without breathing , waiting for that deadly hand to reach up and sap life out of me . 
 but instead , nathan did something i could not have expected . 
 no one could have expected . 
 he dropped to his knees and leaned forward , so low that his forehead reached the floor , inches away from my feet . 
 `` as you command . 
 i am here to serve and protect you , my evangeline . '' 
 i instinctively backed away . 
 i only made it two steps before i slammed into caden 's rigid body . 
 when i looked back over my shoulder at him , i found shock staring back . 
 `` what the hell did you do to max and bishop ? '' 
 amelie hissed , stepping forward , one hand on julian 's chest to keep him behind her . 
 i noticed her hunched over slightly , as if wounded . 
 again , that nagging voice in the back of my mind told me i was the cause her discomfort , but i had no time to concern myself . 
 nathan 's head lifted mechanically , blue mirror balls shifting to her , the vacuous glare in them enough to give any vampire pause . 
 `` is she a threat to you , evangeline ? '' 
 his leg shifted to get up , not moving his focus from her . 
 a threat . 
 a threat he needed to immobilize or kill , like he had max and bishop ? 
 my hands flew out in front of me in surrender . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shrieked , my voice cracking . 
 i adjusted my tone to one more tranquil . 
 `` she is my friend . 
 they are all my friends . '' 
 as if my words provided verification , his focus shifted back to me , losing interest in amelie . 
 a whirl of movement pulled all of our attention to the corner of the room where max and bishop last lay . 
 max was back on four paws , his black body stretching out . 
 beside him , a normal-looking bishop also stood . 
 `` oh , thank god , '' i whispered , crumbling against caden . 
 nathan had n't killed them after all . 
 yet . 
 max 's low snarl gave me enough warning to stop a second round . 
 `` max ! 
 no ! 
 it 's okay ! '' 
 no , it 's not , he growled , sauntering forward , choosing his path of assault . 
 `` it is , max ! 
 please , just stay back until we sort this out . '' 
 with a snort , max leaned back on his haunches , letting out little snarls and growls to let everyone in the room know he was n't pleased . 
 `` bishop ? '' 
 bishop did n't answer me as he was too busy glowering at nathan 's back with equal parts shock , anger , and awe . 
 nathan did n't even bat a lifeless eye at them , focused on me as he stood . 
 `` why are you in here ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 something told me this was not sofie 's nathan , that this had to be some form of alien impostor . 
 `` i am here to protect you . '' 
 `` are you nathan ? '' 
 caden 's voice was level and calm , his suspicions matching my own . 
 nathan stared blankly at us as if trying to translate what caden was asking . 
 `` i do not understand , '' he finally confirmed . 
 again , i peered at caden over my shoulder . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` damn it , evangeline ! '' 
 a shout turned me around to the doorway just as a red mane rushed by , her face a mask of shock and rage as if i had committed a calculated crime . 
 a crowd of spectators-mage , lilly , and her gang-packed the entrance , peering at nathan with their own mixture of curiosity and aversion . 
 `` i did n't ... mean to , '' i stumbled over my words , heat burning my cheeks . 
 liar ! 
 i knew . 
 i knew as my hand closed over that brass doorknob that this door would open part of a world sofie had worked hard to bury . 
 i knew , and i busted it down , anyway . 
 perfectly manicured hands raised to cover her face , her fingertips pressing down on her eyelids . 
 `` you broke the spell ... i should have known you would break the spell . '' 
 her arms flopped to her side , her anger fading into defeat . 
 she turned to cast a wary eye on the man in nathan 's body , only managing a few seconds before flinching , her gaze dropping to the floor , her eyes squeezing shut as if stabbed by a jolt of pain . 
 nathan looked past her , as if she was not important . 
 as if she had n't been the love of his life . 
 as if he had no clue who she was . 
 `` are they a threat to you , evangeline ? '' 
 he asked again , his focus now on the crowd at the door . 
 `` no . '' 
 to sofie , i whispered in a harsh tone , `` why does he keep asking me that ? '' 
 sofie 's mouth opened to answer but mortimer and viggo 's sudden entrance distracted us . 
 `` good lord , sofie ! '' 
 mortimer boomed in horror as he stared at nathan . 
 `` just when i thought you could n't bring about more catastrophe , here we are . 
 what on earth have you done now ? '' 
 sofie 's shoulders visibly sagged , her entire being a lifeless sack . 
 she did n't speak at first , her mouth opening and closing a few times , searching for words . 
 `` it was a mistake , '' she whispered hoarsely . 
 `` are they a threat to you , evangeline ? '' 
 nathan asked , yet again , blue mirrors casting their judgment on viggo and mortimer . 
 he did n't recognize them , either . 
 i hesitated slightly before saying no , casting a sidelong look at viggo . 
 he responded with a sneer , surely realizing my wavering . 
 this could work to my advantage . 
 if this nathan thing could do to viggo what he had just done to bishop-and make it permanent-there 'd be a few happy people in the room ... `` and what exactly is this thing ? '' 
 viggo asked , his nose curled in disgust as one might if looking at road kill . 
 if it bothered nathan , i could n't tell . 
 he appeared unfazed by everyone 's reactions . 
 sofie seemed unable to speak . 
 `` this is n't nathan , '' i finally said into the silence . 
 `` nathan is dead , '' came sofie 's hollow response . 
 `` well , he certainly looks an awful lot like - '' amelie began . 
 `` it 's not nathan ! '' 
 sofie shrieked , spinning on her heels , looking ready to lunge at amelie . 
 but then , as if catching herself , she froze , her hands flying to her mouth , her slender fingers intertwined to clamp over her lips . 
 an oppressive weight lowered onto the room like heavy smog . 
 i noticed mage and mortimer exchange looks of worry . 
 i knew what they were thinking . 
 sofie was finally crumbling . 
 no one spoke . 
 no one moved . 
 we all gave her a moment to collect herself . 
 when her hands lifted from her mouth , she was our normal , composed sofie again . 
 `` everyone ... meet wraith . '' 
 `` how appropriate ... , '' bishop muttered dryly , pushing his hand through the back of his hair as he stepped to claim the area to my left . 
 `` wraith ... , '' i said , raking my brain for its definition . 
 i remembered hearing that word before . 
 `` is n't that , like , a ghost ? '' 
 i felt caden 's strong fingers curl around my elbow , pulling me ever so slightly closer to him but not to be too noticeable to anyone watching . 
 to bishop . 
 the creature named wraith did n't miss the contact , though , those creepy eyes shifting from caden 's hand to his face . 
 `` evangeline , i advise you not to get close to that one . 
 he is capable of causing fatal injury to you . '' 
 `` what the - '' caden exploded , stepping forward , rage twisting his face . 
 i was sure i was going to witness wraith attack caden after all . 
 but sofie soared in to intercept , her arms out to create an obstacle between the two of them . 
 `` stop , caden . 
 it 's all right . 
 please . 
 i 'll explain ... '' i watched in horror as wraith 's hand lifted and clamped onto sofie 's forearm like a steel manacle . 
 sofie 's beautiful face withered to a shriveled shell , her cheeks going sallow , the pulsating intensity in her irises dwindling . 
 dying . 
 there was no doubt . 
 he was sapping the life right out of her . 
 `` stop it , wraith ! '' 
 i shrieked , diving forward to grab hold of his arm with both of my hands , ready to yank or bite or rake it free . 
 whatever i had to do . 
 there was no need , though . 
 the steel manacle popped open at my command . 
 with quicker reflexes than i believed i had , i dove to my knees to catch sofie 's head as she collapsed to the ground . 
 i held my breath as i cradled her-so frail and helpless and hideous in that moment-waiting frantically for her to return to her radiant self . 
 `` why would you do that to her ? '' 
 i demanded , looking up through a veil of tears to see guiltless mirrors watching me . 
 `` this is sofie ! 
 do n't you get it ? '' 
 `` you were n't supposed to find this room . '' 
 my head jerked down as i heard sofie 's raspy gasp . 
 her creamy complexion had returned , her skin plumping as i watched . 
 with a hand on her back , i helped her into a sitting position . 
 `` i never wanted to bring you here . '' 
 slowly , awkwardly , using my shoulders as support , she rose to her feet and stumbled away from me , pushing past everyone to rush out of the room as if the air in it was suffocating her . 
 i followed , shoving through the throng at the door . 
 my elbow rammed the terrifying kait 's rock-hard abdomen , but i did n't flinch . 
 my hand pushed against viggo 's chest without a thought . 
 outside in the hallway , i found my maternal vampiress buckled over and holding her chest , slouching against the wall opposite the door in the hallway . 
 shattered . 
 `` is he going to hurt us , sofie ? '' 
 i asked tentatively . 
 gradually , she stood . 
 terror seized my heart as i took in the hollow , lost gaze . 
 the look of defeat . 
 sofie was giving up . 
 sofie could n't give up . 
 she was my rock . 
 she was the one who kept assuring me everything would be okay . 
 if she gave up ... blood rushed to my ears as my internal panic exploded . 
 finally , sofie shook her head . 
 `` no ... yes and no . '' 
 what did that mean ? 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 i asked as softly as i could . 
 `` is he like the tribe ? 
 is that what their touch does ? '' 
 is that what my touch will do ? 
 her vacuous stare shifted past me . 
 i turned to follow it , finding everyone now out in the hall , the crowd parted to allow nathan prime view from his position in the room . 
 that , and i 'm sure no one was in any rush to get close to him . 
 `` no ... he 's far worse , '' she whispered , adding with a hiss , `` courtesy of the fates . '' 
 sickness roiled inside me . 
 the fates . 
 i could n't win with them . 
 no one could . 
 `` he is immune to all forms of magic . 
 he takes life with a touch if he so chooses . 
 his touch is not lethal unless he wants it to be . 
 he usually does ... '' her face twisted into a sardonic smile . 
 `` he is the ultimate protection for you . 
 he is exactly what i asked for . 
 unstoppable , unkillable , untraceable . 
 he 's dead . 
 he is death . '' 
 `` you asked for this ? '' 
 i studied this creature peering out at me with patience-his face , his hands , his stature . 
 everything about him appeared human . 
 everything identical to the painting above the mantle . 
 except for those eyes . 
 and those eyes held his secret . 
 those hollow orbs of death . 
 he was the grim reaper . 
 here to take life . 
 `` and did you ask that he look like nathan ? '' 
 i said without thinking . 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 another shriek , another crack in her damaged armor . 
 i was n't sure if it was the wine or the situation , but the sconces were suddenly wobbling and swaying . 
 i balanced myself against the wall . 
 the weight of two hands instantly landed on my shoulders , one on the left shoulder , one on the right . 
 two hands that belonged to two different vampires . 
 bishop and caden . 
 i glanced up in time to see a silent look pass between them , caden 's of mock apology , bishop 's a mix of confusion and appreciation . 
 caden quickly stepped away , allowing bishop full ownership of me . 
 he claimed it quickly , leaning in to ask with genuine concern , `` you okay ? '' 
 i tried to smile and felt my nostrils flare and my lip curl in a sneer . 
 turning back to sofie , a new question sparked in my mind . 
 `` and why did you have him hidden here , then ? 
 if he 's only here to protect me ? '' 
 sofie stared back at me like horns had sprouted from my forehead . 
 `` seriously , evangeline ? 
 you need to ask ? 
 i could n't have him running loose in the streets ! 
 with what he can do ? 
 he will kill anyone he deems a threat to you . 
 that could be the man who looks too long at you , or the driver of a car who 's speeding past you or someone who 's merely having a bad day . 
 anyone ! 
 i did n't want to expose you to him until i needed to . 
 evangeline-he is like an unstoppable plague . '' 
 `` and what an added bonus for you that this plague looks exactly like your one true love . 
 my , my , the fates never tire of punishing you ... '' viggo delivered the low blow from his new spot halfway down the hall-as far away as possible from this new enemy while still bearing witness . 
 if looks could disembowel , i was sure viggo would be scooping up twenty feet of innards from the floor . 
 i wished sofie would attack him . 
 zap him dead with bolts of fire from her fingers . 
 hell , i was six words from siccing wraith on him , ordering him to bring viggo to his knees long enough so i could set fire to him myself . 
 but sofie only squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` i could n't have him roaming free so i confined him here . 
 i spelled these quarters to disguise the door and the windows . 
 all the exits . 
 this is the only world that wraith knows . '' 
 another bitter smile . 
 `` the fates allowed me that much control , at least . 
 i could control him to some degree until he saw you , until he completed the connection . 
 now ... i am nothing more than a potential threat to you ... '' her voice drifted off , her words hollow . 
 the connection ... those times i 'd passed by this spot , before i could see the door . 
 that familiarity , that pull-it was the connection the fates had forged between the two of us , beckoning me . 
 and because the tribe 's magic coursing through me strengthened each day , morphed each day , it finally broke the barrier keeping us apart . 
 the illusion masking the door . 
 it was all making sense now ... `` i thought there was something missing in this hallway , '' mortimer mused , his brow furrowed in deep thought , his fingers rubbing his chin as he studied the door . 
 now that i had passed through it , i supposed it was visible to everyone . 
 `` will he just ... attack people ? 
 for no reason ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sofie heaved a heavy sigh . 
 `` he knows his mission is to protect you . 
 while the connection was n't complete , he was relatively harmless . 
 he just ... sat in that room . 
 he does n't sleep , he does n't eat , he does n't need entertainment . 
 he is here for one reason and one reason only . 
 to protect you . 
 always . 
 until you no longer need protecting . '' 
 `` no longer ... , '' i repeated , frowning . 
 `` until you die . '' 
 the words , delivered with all the sympathy and warmth that sofie could muster , still turned my blood icy cold . 
 `` so ... that means ... '' `` wraith will be with you for the rest of your natural life , whether it be seventy years or seventy minutes . 
 he 's bound to you forever . '' 
 forever . 
 such a long time . 
 or not . 
 but as long i lived , nathan 's life-sucking ghost would trail me . 
 and that meant i would carry around a constant reminder of sofie 's lost love , knifing her in the heart daily with his indifference . 
 being with me would cause her more pain . 
 soon , she 'd be forced to abandon me . 
 how else would she survive this ? 
 shards of pain splintered through my heart . 
 nothing seemed to be going sofie 's way . 
 `` he will attack anything he feels is a threat to you , evangeline . 
 anything at all . 
 nothing can harm him . 
 vampires , werebeasts-he will leech our strength from us with a touch , weaken us until we ca n't fight back , or simply kill us . 
 mortal beings ... they will die . '' 
 sofie 's eyes darted behind me . 
 `` stay far away from him , julian . 
 i ca n't fix you if he decides you 're a threat . '' 
 julian nodded soberly , giving me a sympathetic smile as amelie 's arms enveloped him . 
 sofie went on . 
 `` and he can sense danger . 
 he can dig into a person 's soul , read their evil intentions . 
 therein lies the danger , evangeline . 
 he wo n't always ask you before he reacts . 
 he may act on his own assessments of a person , of their danger to you . '' 
 i glanced haphazardly at wraith and then at caden . 
 he is capable of causing fatal injury to you . 
 that 's what wraith said . 
 that 's what he dug out of caden . 
 caden was already shaking his head , distress evident on his face . 
 `` i do n't ... i would n't ... not anymore ! '' 
 `` he sees it in all of us , '' mage explained . 
 `` we are all capable of hurting her . 
 she is human and it is in our dna to kill her . 
 do n't take it personally . '' 
 awkward silence hung over the entire group until sofie simply turned and left , half stumbling , dejected , down the hall . 
 when she reached the doors out to the courtyard , i heard her call out , `` do n't worry . 
 wraith will not harm evangeline . '' 
 i almost did n't catch her last words . 
 i wish i had n't . 
 `` he 'll protect her from all of us . '' 
 and then she was pushing through the doors , disappearing into the wintry outside , leaving a horde of supernaturals and julian and me alone with this new unstoppable creature . 
 my newest curse . 
 `` well ... on that note . '' 
 viggo 's shoes slid against the floor as he stole down the hall . 
 `` now that our fearless leader has given her permission , i 'll be happy to go deal with a certain blood-sucking mutant . '' 
 sofie must have released them from their leash while we were roaming the halls and getting drunk . 
 viggo was n't wasting any time for good reason . 
 if wraith bothered to poke around in his soul-or whatever existed inside him-he 'd find enough evil intent to decide to permanently affix himself to viggo 's arm . 
 he was contender number one in the `` threat to eve '' department , and if viggo could n't kill wraith , as he had every other threat to him-lilly 's mom included-he would need to keep as far away as possible . 
 `` mortimer ... ? '' 
 he called . 
 mortimer could n't seem to peel his focus off wraith , though , a distant grief tugging at his face . 
 for once , i knew exactly what he was thinking . 
 what would it be like to have veronique turned into a wraith ? 
 to have her soul sucked out , her beauty marred , to have her look through him , not recognize him , not love him . 
 it would be enough to break any of us , and sofie had to live it . 
 when viggo appeared in front of mortimer 's face to rudely snap his fingers under his nose , mortimer slammed viggo 's hand away with such force that it sent viggo back a few steps . 
 `` i heard you ! '' 
 with a head bow to the rest of us , mortimer walked away . 
 and that 's when it finally dawned on me . 
 `` you guys are going back to new york ? '' 
 closer to discovering veronique 's predicament , if you catch and interrogate someone ? 
 another wave of lightheadedness swarmed me . 
 bishop 's hands found their place on my elbows , steadying me . 
 `` someone has to clean up the mess ! 
 you children have fun here ... with that ! '' 
 viggo called out over his shoulder , strolling away . 
 `` remember sofie 's caveat , viggo . 
 stay away from the witches ! '' 
 mage warned . 
 `` as long as they 're in there , they 're not causing us issues . '' 
 when viggo did n't answer , she looked to mortimer . 
 `` be the sensible one , please . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` we ca n't get in there , even if we want to . 
 the witches have reinstated the merth boundary and the entries are heavily guarded . 
 my human spies have tried and failed several times already . '' 
 `` what 'd they tell you ? '' 
 the words tumbled out of my mouth in a rush before i could stop myself , too eager to know . 
 of course mortimer was already snooping . 
 but did he have any idea about veronique ? 
 he fixed me with a flat look . 
 `` nothing . 
 they 're all dead . '' 
 i listened to his heavy footsteps as he marched down the hallway after viggo . 
 slowly , cautiously , i exhaled in relief . 
 they did n't know yet . 
 when they did find out , they could n't ever know that i knew . 
 that i was lying . 
 never ! 
 they could never know how i was betraying them . 
 if they did ... an allegiance ten times over would n't keep viggo from snapping my body in two . 
 i would wound mortimer , an idea i realized troubled me more than death at viggo 's hands . 
 they can never find out . 
 i must beg silence from veronique . 
 `` lilly , sofie would like you and your group to accompany them to new york and deal with jonah , '' mage said , again her authoritative self . 
 `` it 's getting out of control . 
 we need the issue eradicated and i do n't know that the two of them are enough . '' 
 what was happening in new york ? 
 what did `` getting out of control '' mean ? 
 lilly paused and regarded mage coldly . 
 `` i do n't take orders from you . '' 
 when she looked over to me , she instantly warmed . 
 `` is that what you would like me to do , evangeline ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' she 's asking me ? 
 what was i supposed to say ? 
 should i even trust her ? 
 this allegiance thing was unsettling . 
 my eyes darted between lilly-such an unassuming , unthreatening child vampire-to mage-the all-powerful , ancient vampire-quietly analyzing every detail of her surroundings . 
 if sofie was already giving lilly orders , then she must trust her allegiance to me . 
 that was my answer . 
 i needed to trust her . 
 `` if sofie said so , then yes , lilly . 
 she knows better about these things than i do . '' 
 lilly answered with a curt but respectable nod of acceptance . 
 lilly was going to new york . 
 lilly who had pledged her allegiance to me . 
 lilly , who would do as i asked . 
 this was my only chance ... `` i need to speak to lilly for a brief moment , alone . '' 
 lilly did n't miss a beat . 
 `` get our things ready , please , kait . '' 
 kait and the others marched away without question . 
 my side was n't so obedient . 
 `` please ? '' 
 no one moved . 
 `` alone ! '' 
 it came out in a bark . 
 `` god ! 
 give a girl a wraith and some crazy powers and she thinks she runs the show ... '' amelie muttered . 
 crazy powers ... ? 
 she stuck her tongue out at me at the same time as she hooked arms with julian , dragging him away , seemingly recovered from whatever had hurt her before . 
 no , not whatever , evie . 
 you . 
 you hurt her . 
 after i dealt with wraith , and with lilly , i 'd find out what i had done to her . 
 my demands had n't moved the rest of them . 
 caden 's mouth opened and then clamped shut with a furtive look at bishop . 
 he was trying not to appear too possessive but he was dying to argue with me . 
 i would n't give him a chance . 
 i would n't give any of them a chance . 
 `` leave now ! '' 
 manners were useless with them . 
 `` i 'll go check on sofie . '' 
 mage 's dark eyes drifted in the direction of the courtyard . 
 `` this must be ... difficult for her . 
 and keep wraith away from julian , '' she reminded . 
 `` he wo n't bounce back to life like the rest of you . '' 
 with that , she quietly walked to the same door sofie had all but stumbled out . 
 `` we 'll be around the corner if you need us . 
 just holler , '' bishop said , throwing a warning glare at lilly . 
 are you about to do something stupid and get yourself into trouble ? 
 seeing as that 's your usual mo these days , max asked . 
 he still had n't forgiven me for my earlier escape . 
 i 'd have to make it up to him . 
 but not now . 
 `` how can i possibly do something stupid ? 
 i have death chaperoning me . 
 i think i 'm good . '' 
 max sauntered away with a snort , leaving lilly and me alone . 
 we stood in the hall , four feet away from wraith 's entrance . 
 wraith filled the doorframe with his looming presence . 
 he said nothing , he did nothing . 
 he just waited . 
 for an order . 
 for someone to kill . 
 `` you 've wanted to ask me something since the cemetery , '' lilly whispered with a timid smile . 
 i could n't help but gape at her for a moment . 
 i swallowed , nodding . 
 once these words left my mouth , there would be no turning back . 
 someone out there would know what i had done , what i was hiding . 
 they could judge me and i was afraid they 'd be right . 
 either way , i had no choice . 
 i needed help . 
 warily , i checked over my shoulder for eavesdroppers . 
 `` they 're out of range , if you whisper , '' lilly confirmed in a low hum . 
 still , i leaned in until my mouth was next to her ear . 
 she waited patiently as i took a deep breath . 
 `` i need you to find a way into viggo 's place . '' 
 lilly frowned . 
 `` okay , but you told me to listen to sofie and sofie says to stay - '' `` her sister is n't in the tomb anymore ! '' 
 i hissed and then caught myself . 
 baby blue eyes expanded with shock . 
 i watched her struggle to replace the veil of calm . 
 i noticed she had a harder time doing that then the adult vampires . 
 `` how do you - '' `` i 'll explain later , '' i said . 
 `` but i know . 
 i know they 're torturing her . 
 and i know that no one can find out what 's happening , lilly . 
 i mean no one . 
 i 'm trusting you to help me get her out . '' 
 i watched her set her jaw , deep in thought . 
 tiny hands clasped onto mine and squeezed . 
 `` okay , evangeline , '' she agreed with a curt nod and a comforting smile . 
 `` i 'll find a way in there without raising any alarms . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` i mean it , lilly . 
 no one can know . 
 i do n't even want you telling kait or the others . 
 i need you to do this one on your own . 
 this is just you and me , kid . '' 
 her mouth twisted pensively , the wheels turning in that twelve-hundred-year-old brain of hers . 
 `` just you and me . '' 
 she liked the idea of that , i could tell by the twitch of a smile across her lips . 
 `` you can count on me . '' 
 she leaned in to give me an awkward hug-like she had n't given one in a century and did n't know how-and then she vanished . 
 i was n't alone for two seconds before bishop , caden , and the others showed up . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 caden pressed . 
 `` oh ... stuff . '' 
 how was i to answer that ? 
 i dropped my gaze to the floor and spotted a full bottle of port by my feet . 
 bishop must have put it there before we discovered wraith 's hideout . 
 i grabbed it and rushed to bring it to my lips , taking a long , intense swallow . 
 `` evie ! 
 tell us ! '' 
 i avoided all eye contact , instead studying wraith . 
 there he stood , waiting patiently , staring . 
 wiping a dribble off my chin , i finally threw out the first thing that popped into my head . 
 `` ratheus . '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 `` um ... i wanted to make sure she knew how bad it was . '' 
 that was the one thing i knew about that she did n't . 
 still , it was a feeble attempt at an excuse and i knew it the second i caught the glimmer in caden 's eyes . 
 he said nothing , but i could tell he did n't buy it . 
 none of the others picked up on it , though , ready to move away from this spot . 
 bishop let out a heavy sigh , draping his arms around my shoulders to clasp in front of me . 
 leaning in , he whispered , `` next time , i 'll believe you when you say there 's a secret door , okay ? 
 how about you do n't feel the need to prove it ? '' 
 his lip grazed my lobe , sending shivers through my body . 
 shivers that he should n't be able to give me . 
 shivers that only felt right when it was caden giving them to me . 
 shivers that caden could n't give me while this game of the fates existed . 
 maybe he 'd never be able to again , if my metamorphosis finished . 
 `` so what was that back there ? '' 
 amelie asked . 
 i frowned . 
 `` what , where ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` when i was holding you and you decided you needed to jump in between death and a vampire ? 
 it was like you electrocuted me . '' 
 her angelic face scrunched up as she rubbed her wrist . 
 `` hurt like hell . 
 at first , i thought you were going to kill me . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered quietly . 
 that was a lie . 
 i knew . 
 maybe it was that time . 
 i stared down at my hands , at my fingertips . 
 they seemed so dainty , so normal . 
 what a deception . 
 they were quickly becoming something deadly . 
 with each passing day , the end was nearing . 
 the disease was waiting to unleash itself , waiting to strike down everyone i loved . 
 and when it struck , who would be the first victim ? 
 would i be touching bishop or amelie or caden when the magic decided to finish off my transformation ? 
 would their faces shrivel up as i watched them die ? 
 i shook bishop 's arms off in a panic and leapt forward to press my back against the opposite wall , staring at a line of worried faces . 
 `` please do n't touch me , '' i whispered hoarsely . 
 `` none of you . 
 please do n't risk it . '' 
 `` evie ... , '' bishop began , stepping forward , hands outstretched . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shrieked , throwing my arms up to block him . 
 `` no ... i ca n't bear the idea that i may kill - '' i choked over that word , `` one of you . 
 please ... i just need some space to deal with all this right now . '' 
 `` okay , eve . 
 we understand , '' amelie said softly , reaching forward to give bishop a pat on the back . 
 `` do n't we , bishop ? '' 
 he nodded , the crease in his brow deepening . 
 `` of course . '' 
 caden and julian stood side by side , watching me quietly , saying nothing . 
 i did n't have to worry about them . 
 julian would n't touch me for fear of earning caden 's wrath , and caden was good at keeping up pretenses with bishop . 
 i wished it were as easy for me ... i dropped my gaze , unable to meet any of them in the eye . 
 i was lying . 
 lying to every single one of them in one form or another . 
 it was exhausting . 
 i wanted it all to go away . 
 i squeezed the neck of the wine bottle . 
 i had my answer . 
 for tonight , anyway . 
 tonight , i would make it all go away . 
 i was going to get drunk . 
 i poured another healthy dose of that burning sweet syrup down my throat , praying i 'd quickly succumb to whatever magic powers it held . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' bishop stepped forward . 
 `` can i at least walk next to you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he jutted his chin down a hall i had not been down yet . 
 `` there 's a kick-ass wine cellar that way , if you want to see it ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 more wine meant more liquid therapy . 
 `` lead the way , oh wise one . '' 
 we began walking . 
 i halted . 
 i was forgetting something . 
 i turned back to see wraith gingerly poke his head out the door . 
 one long leg tentatively stepped across the threshold , as if he half expected to melt . 
 i guess i could n't blame him . 
 his entire existence confined to one room was enough to drive anyone crazy . 
 when his leg did n't melt , i swore i caught a hint of a smile . 
 if death was capable of smiling . 
 i rushed forward to catch up to bishop . 
 the others followed behind like silent shadows , including wraith . 
 when i walked , he walked . 
 when i stopped , he stopped . 
 several feet away but never too far . 
 much like max , wraith was my bodyguard . 
 a life-sucking , unshakable bodyguard who was bound to me until i died . 
 i brought the bottle to my lips once again , taking a more liberal chug . 
 it was n't nearly so sweet anymore , nor was the burn so fierce . 
 in fact , i was growing fond of its taste . 
 the warm sensation flowing through my limbs relaxed me . 
 `` so , wraith , '' bishop began and when i turned back , i saw that mischievous look in his eye . 
 he was the old bishop again , from the days of running through the caves . 
 i missed it so dearly ... `` should we call you wraith ? 
 such an awkward name . 
 how about just ` death ' ? '' 
 amelie sniggered from her twenty-foot distance . 
 even max snorted in my head . 
 `` i have been given the name wraith , '' was all he said , ending any potential fun at his expense . 
 `` well , he 's a barrel of laughs , '' bishop muttered . 
 peeking over my shoulder at him , studying the way he marched in a perfectly straight line-back straight , arms stiff-i wondered what nathan had been like when he was alive . 
 certainly nothing like wraith . 
 there was no way sofie would be in love with a lifeless , humorless android . 
 i guess i should n't expect death to have a personality , though . 
 another tip of the bottle ... another drink ... what would i do if the fates did this to caden ? 
 to stand next to the empty shell of him , to have his gaze pass over me without a second 's thought ? 
 my insides recoiled . 
 i glanced back furtively to meet beautiful jade eyes . 
 four of them ? 
 i squinted . 
 no , two eyes ... what if those beautiful eyes were lost to me forever , as i thought them to be not long ago ? 
 i sighed and took another long pull on the port . 
 my tongue felt thick . 
 i rolled it inside my mouth and then smacked it against the roof to wake it up . 
 funny ... my jaw did n't hurt anymore . 
 11 . 
 tempting the fates-sofie a plump snowflake settled on the bridge of my nose . 
 more flakes followed , tickling my eyelids , lips , fingers . 
 their crisp wetness was a welcome relief as i knelt before nathan 's tombstone . 
 night after night , i lit a candle for his resting bones under this tree while i knew that abomination lurked inside . 
 and now ... that abomination was trailing evangeline , ignorant to my existence , to the unconditional love that i held for its human inspiration . 
 all it cared about was whether i was a threat to evangeline or not . 
 and if it decided that i was ? 
 dispatch me ... like a housefly . 
 bitterness leeched into my bones . 
 as much as i wanted to blame the fates for their twisted games , i had no one to blame but myself for this one . 
 it was here , in this spot five years ago , that i cast that disastrous enchantment . 
 just after viggo discovered evangeline 's existence and ran her mother down with a car . 
 so distraught with the turn of events , i was n't thinking straight . 
 i could n't have been . 
 if i had , i never would have done it ... that night , the anniversary of nathan 's death , the only night of the year that i dared visit the chateau , sweeping through the courtyard in a shroud of secrecy to light a candle and beg in vain for his forgiveness . 
 that night , though , on my knees , my heart shattered into a million pieces for evangeline 's suffering , fueled with hatred for viggo , i pleaded with the fates . 
 i begged for the ultimate guardian . 
 someone who would exist for the soul purpose of keeping my dear girl safe , who could not be stopped for any reason , by any creature-mortal or otherwise , magical or not . 
 to this day , i ca n't help feel the urge to bash my head against a brick wall when i replay that criteria , that ask of the fates . 
 it did n't take long for the fates to answer me . 
 after visiting nathan 's tombstone-distraught and weary-i stumbled into nathan 's music room . 
 that was another yearly ritual of mine . 
 when i stepped inside that room , i could still hear nathan plucking the strings of his violin . 
 no music played on this night , though . 
 the second i stepped into the dark room , i spotted the lone figure sitting on the victorian couch , a dark shadow under the moonlight 's stream . 
 unmoving , back rigid , hands layered on his knee . 
 his cheekbones , his hair , his lips ... it was nathan . 
 i dove forward , falling to my knees , grasping his hands , thanking the fates for their generosity , their kindness . 
 how stupid of me ... so overwhelmed , i did n't sense the wrongness about him , that cold , rotten air that tainted his surroundings . 
 it was n't until his limp , unloving hands lay lifeless in my grasp , when i peered up into his irises to find milky blue soulless pits boring into me , that i realized this was n't a gift from the fates . 
 this was a new depth to my punishment . 
 a few seconds after , the bomb went off inside my head , revealing all . 
 the fates liked doing that . 
 one second i know nothing , the next my head is filled with all the details , as if a detailed manual had plunged into my mind . 
 i saw what this thing could do , the danger he would become to the world if loose , passing judgment , taking on the role of a grim reaper . 
 a new level of hatred blossomed inside me for the fates that night . 
 oh , how the fates must 've laughed . 
 as if offering a poisoned olive branch , they allowed me the chance to lock him up until i felt the need to release him . 
 that was the night that the magical ward went up and his world became a forty-by-seventy-foot space . 
 he had no idea what was outside the walls and he did n't care . 
 he was programmed to wait for his bond with evangeline to be complete . 
 three years ... three hundred years ... it mattered not . 
 if she died , he would cease to exist . 
 he could n't die . 
 he was n't alive . 
 from that night forward , i struggled to erase all knowledge of my creation . 
 and that was the last night i stepped foot inside the chateau . 
 i would gladly not have returned . 
 ever . 
 but desperate times called for it . 
 i should 've known this bizarre tribal magic would eventually break the cloaking spell . 
 i should 've taken preventive measures . 
 i should have ... i sighed and pinched the bridge of my nose , knowing there was n't much i could do . 
 and now wraith was out . 
 now , every day , every moment that i wanted to see evangeline , speak to her , touch her ... those demonic pits , impostors in nathan 's beautiful face , would be there , watching , waiting to lay a lethal hand on me . 
 i had n't felt the impact of wraith 's touch before . 
 that first night , he did not use it on me . 
 i guess he did n't view me as a threat to evangeline then . 
 tonight , though ... i shuddered . 
 he made up for it , his fingers-both icy cold and fiery hot-sucking the magic and life out of me , draining whatever scrap of a soul i had left , destroying my will to keep fighting . 
 for the first time in a hundred and twenty years , giving up felt like a viable option . 
 the sound of crunching snow told me that someone was giving me fair warning upon approach . 
 mage ... i could tell by her short , quick strides . 
 staying on my knees , i pivoted to meet her calm expression , revealing nothing about her thoughts as per usual . 
 for just a second , angst stirred in the pit of my belly . 
 i wondered if she would be upset that i hid wraith from her . 
 her stoic , unrelenting friendship had been my saving grace in all of this . 
 since our days in manhattan , i felt no need to keep anything from her . 
 `` i understand why you did n't tell me , '' she said , as if plucking the thought from my head . 
 `` what a horrendous thing to deal with . '' 
 my chest heaved . 
 again , mage knew just what to say . 
 i offered her a sad smile . 
 `` i 'm so glad we did n't kill each other when we had the chance , mage . '' 
 she smirked and her glistening white teeth gleamed in the moonlight . 
 `` yes , that worked out well for both of us . '' 
 i rubbed the wet flakes off my face as i nodded in agreement , turning back to stare at the tombstone . 
 `` it could 've been worse . 
 at least i was able to lock him up until now . 
 can you imagine if he 'd roamed free for the last five years ? '' 
 mage gave a small shudder . 
 `` plus , he 's a natural viggo repellent . 
 that one has already fetched the plane and is preparing to leave as we speak . '' 
 `` viggo does n't like being around things he ca n't kill . '' 
 `` how unfortunate for us , '' mage 's lips twisted , lifting my mood marginally . 
 `` mortimer 's going with him ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 i sighed . 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm beginning to trust mortimer . 
 `` i hope that lends enough common sense . 
 at least it 'll keep the two of them away from evangeline . 
 maybe they 'll deal with this jonah problem before it gets out of control . '' 
 `` and do you think they 'll listen to you and stay away from the house ? '' 
 i paused to give that a moment 's thought . 
 `` well , with viggo ... you always have to be worried about what that psychopath will do , how he can get around a pledge and still hold his head high . 
 but they pledged their allegiance and i have to believe in that . 
 we have enough to deal with here . 
 did lilly and her group agree to leave as well ? '' 
 mage nodded again , confirming . 
 a nervous tickle stirred inside me , the same one that had irked me since the day we decided to reach out to viggo 's arch nemesis for help . 
 `` do you trust them , mage ? 
 lilly , i mean . 
 we all know she tipped off the witches about evangeline in the city , right ? 
 gave her a chance to isolate evangeline . 
 it was a stupid move but ... i do n't doubt it for a second . '' 
 there was n't a moment 's hesitation before mage nodded . 
 `` yes , she likely did . 
 i 'm sure she also had the entire situation under control . 
 they are our best hope . 
 lilly has connections you do not . 
 she has advantages that you do not . '' 
 mage was correct in that . 
 though i had a multitude of resources at my disposal , lilly had the added advantage of appearing a small , harmless child . 
 she did n't even require compulsion and threats . 
 most people barely noticed her quiet , unassuming presence as she stealthily gathered intel . 
 i 'm not sure the sentinel was even aware of her , to be honest . 
 i could n't help but notice the vagueness in mage 's words . 
 `` our best hope , '' i mimicked . 
 what if our best hope was no hope at all ? 
 `` we are ... what ... thirteen ? 
 we 're to stop a secret society of witches and sentinel , numbering in the tens of thousands , their grubby little fingers on ten thousand buttons , any of them able to start a chain reaction that will obliterate the human world . '' 
 it sounded so insane , so far-fetched , so impossible , and yet it had already happened . 
 i had sent evangeline into a world seven hundred years after that exact situation . 
 running my fingers through my hair , i peered back at the dim lights of the chateau where wraith was no doubt quickly becoming a nuisance-a lethal one . 
 `` what 's evangeline doing ? '' 
 `` trying to drink herself into a coma , from the looks of it . '' 
 i shook my head with dismay . 
 `` she 's an absolute wreck ... '' emotionally , mentally , physically ... `` how long before the transition is final ? '' 
 mage asked as softly as possible , and yet it impaled me like a pitchfork through the gut . 
 `` i do n't know ... hours ? 
 days ? 
 weeks ? '' 
 and then she would be lost to me . 
 `` i ca n't even heal her damn face ! '' 
 i screamed suddenly , clenching my teeth with rage , my fingers digging into the frozen ground to grip the edges of nathan 's tombstone . 
 i ripped it out and launched it across the courtyard . 
 it shattered into a dozen pieces . 
 like my life with nathan . 
 i slumped to the cold ground as mage sped over and began collecting chunks of concrete . 
 `` yes , this issue with her magic is becoming a real problem . '' 
 she stacked the pieces on top of each other , fitting them together until they resembled a tombstone again . 
 `` she 's so fragile when we need her not to be so ... human , '' she finished with a sigh . 
 `` what can we do ? '' 
 i shrugged noncommittally , staring up at the dark sky looming over us , letting the cold flakes land on my irises without flinching . 
 it had to be after midnight by now . 
 `` it 's christmas , '' i announced , my words hollow . 
 `` well , then , merry christmas , my friend '' mage patted my shoulder . 
 i snorted , reaching into my jeans pocket to pull out a small red velvet pouch . 
 `` evangeline 's christmas present ... i do n't know why i bothered ... '' i let the bag slip from my fingertips . 
 it tumbled and landed in the cold snow . 
 `` evangeline ca n't go on like this anymore . 
 this will kill her . 
 and i ca n't go on like this anymore . 
 i need to end this somehow ... i need to fix this . '' 
 i gritted my teeth as a hundred and twenty years of disastrous mistakes cycled through my mind . 
 how many times had i tried to fix something , only to make it worse ? 
 there was no fixing ! 
 i was a pawn , a useless twit . 
 `` these damn fates ! 
 they sit up there in their ivory tower , twisting and perverting everything until it 's more horrific than it was to start with . 
 i need a fair shot ! '' 
 my voice was rising , echoing in the cold night air . 
 `` oh , what i would do if i ever met them face to face ... '' i threatened in a low growl . 
 abruptly , the ground fell out from under me . 
 i was falling , tumbling in darkness . 
 i grappled with the air around me and quickly learned there was nothing to grab a hold of , nothing to slow me down . 
 deeper and deeper i went , picking up speed as i fell farther into the black hole . 
 then , for the first time in one hundred and twenty odd-years , i lost consciousness . 
 12 . 
 full disclosure-evangeline thump , thump , thump ... a man with a drum had taken up residence inside my head and he was pounding on his instrument as if it kept his heart beating . 
 i groaned into my pillow . 
 what 's that ... ugh ! 
 my mouth tasted terrible . 
 something may have died inside there last night . 
 why are humans so bloody stupid ? 
 the sound of max 's low rumble in my head only made the pain worse . 
 you know that alcohol will make you sick so , what do you do ? 
 you guzzle an entire bottle as if it 's going to spontaneously combust if not consumed in record time ! 
 i groaned feebly again . 
 `` do n't give me that daddy werebeast lecture . 
 just make it stop ! 
 please ! '' 
 i moaned , gripping my forehead with both palms and squeezing tightly . 
 it could be worse , you know , max continued , not at all sympathetic to how his special telepathic ability was torturing me at that moment . 
 at least you threw up last night . 
 that got most of the alcohol out of your system . 
 i felt my face screw up as i raked my brain . 
 `` i threw up last night ? '' 
 i did n't remember throwing up . 
 i did n't remember ... much of anything . 
 yeah , caden and bishop took turns carting you back here . 
 what a train wreck ! 
 you were n't in here thirty seconds before you stumbled for the bathroom . 
 of course you plowed into the wall but ... the pain in my head instantly dulled , replaced by another excruciating pain-mortification . 
 i gasped out load and my hands flew to my mouth . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 max , did caden see me puke ? '' 
 `` only enough to make sure you hit the bowl , '' a male voice called out . 
 i lifted my head to see caden leaning against the door , jade eyes sparkling , looking as striking as ever in an untucked dark blue button-down shirt and dark jeans . 
 it made the entire situation ten times worse . 
 i flopped down into my pillow and pulled the covers over my head , intent on hiding for the rest of the day , praying that the man with the drum would bash my brains in and be done with it . 
 `` merry christmas ! '' 
 caden 's voice boomed from somewhere above me . 
 `` bah humbug . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 the bed sank under caden 's weight and i felt him tugging at the covers . 
 my fists curled around the folds , resisting , but he finally won out , yanking them clean from my grip . 
 with my face exposed , i noticed his gaze briefly skim my jaw . 
 i wondered what it looked like today . 
 it did n't hurt nearly as bad but maybe that was because it now had competition with an unruly hangover . 
 did something die in here ? 
 max murmured and noticed his black nose twitching . 
 you can shower anytime , you know . 
 `` oh my god , this is getting worse by the second , '' i cried , curling up like a possum , burying my face in my arms . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` max just told me i smell like a corpse ... '' the bed began shaking , sending waves of nausea through me . 
 caden was laughing . 
 `` here , '' he said , `` take this . '' 
 suspiciously , i peeked out over my arm to see caden 's hand cradling two small blue pills . 
 a glass of water sat on my bedside table . 
 `` they 'll help with the pain . '' 
 `` just the words i want to hear right now . '' 
 without thinking , i reached for the pills but then froze midair . 
 his hand , his skin ... my touch . 
 was today the day that i transformed ? 
 was today the day i 'd kill caden ? 
 before i could pull back and ask caden to place the pills on the counter , his hand lifted to stroke my cheek . 
 jerking back , i held a gasp , waiting ... nothing . 
 i would n't kill caden today . 
 a lifetime of air released from my lungs . 
 i greedily snatched the two pills out of his hand and threw them back . 
 caden sat quietly while i polished off the tall glass of water . 
 i had never been so parched before in my life . 
 `` why on earth does anyone do this to themselves more than once ? '' 
 caden 's hand found its way to my knee and kneaded gently , sending electricity through my body . 
 `` where 's bishop ? '' 
 ca n't forget about my fake relationship ! 
 it would look bad to him if he were to walk in on this ... caden offered a tight-lipped smile as he pulled his hand away , pulling my heart out of my chest with it . 
 `` last-minute christmas shopping . '' 
 `` shopping ? 
 i thought stores were closed on christmas day ... '' `` he 'll be back soon , but he 's not here right now . 
 why do n't you go have a long , hot shower ? 
 you 'll feel better , i promise , '' caden said . 
 a shower sounded like a fantastic idea . 
 if a giant werebeast thought i smelled bad , the hot guy sitting next to me could n't be overly impressed ... i stumbled out of bed , on a mission to get to the en suite faster than the fastest person in the world . 
 i may have made it too , had it not been for a still figure in my peripheral vision distracting me . 
 a tall , dark man sitting in the corner . 
 wraith . 
 he stopped me dead in my tracks . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked in a low , wary voice . 
 how could i have forgotten about him ? 
 `` he 's been here all night , '' caden explained before wraith could answer . 
 `` i tried getting rid of him , '' he grimaced , as if remembering an unpleasant experience . 
 `` it did n't work so well . '' 
 i rubbed my nose , digging into my foggy memory . 
 `` oh ... that 's right ... '' blurry patches of the prior night fluttered past . 
 i tried losing wraith several times . 
 i do n't know if it was his stellar evangeline tracking skills or that i was louder than a herd of buffalo in a church , but there was no getting rid of wraith . 
 he was like an annoying little brother . 
 everywhere i went , he was one step behind . 
 only he killed for me ... `` whatever ... '' i decided i was more interested in a hot shower than dealing with my grim reaper at that point . 
 i turned back and continued toward the bathroom . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the word-though flatly delivered-had the effect . 
 i stopped midstride and turned to find wraith marching toward me in that stiff way of his . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 he just kept moving , his eyes trained on the bathroom . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 i asked sharply . 
 he did n't think he was ... `` i am accompanying you to your next destination , '' he answered in the weird , robotic language he used . 
 i shared my panicked look with caden and max . 
 caden 's eyes filled with fury . 
 this bothered him , i could tell . 
 but he was helpless and that made it worse . 
 interference led to dire consequences and no one wanted that . 
 max leaned back to settle onto his haunches , clearly not interested in being put down again . 
 i 'd have to manage my grim reaper on my own . 
 i turned back to level him with a stare . 
 `` my next destination is right in there ... for a shower , '' i said slowly , enunciating every word . 
 `` thanks for your help , but i wo n't need you in there . '' 
 blue orbs shifted from the door to the en suite to me , and then back to the en suite , as if weighing options . 
 `` that is not for you to decide , '' he finally said . 
 `` oh , yes it is ! '' 
 i snapped , waggling my finger at him . 
 `` you are my guardian ... not my captor ! '' 
 this was feeling all too much like max 's wishy-washy servitude . 
 `` i will have some privacy ! 
 please ! '' 
 the last word came out a little shaky , like i was pleading . 
 i could n't be pleading with this thing . 
 pulling my shoulders up straight , i crossed my arms and set my jaw . 
 `` i do not feel the same desires as a human - '' he began to say . 
 a mental image of that placid face , those mirror balls drifting over my bare body made me shudder violently . 
 but he was likely telling the truth . 
 he probably did n't desire that . 
 only one desire motivated him-to kill for me , without discretion , without remorse . 
 it 's why he existed and i could n't fault him for that . 
 putting all else aside , i needed him right now . 
 i needed all the help i could get to keep me alive until i turned into walking death and jumped off a cliff ... i tempered my tone . 
 `` that 's great , wraith , but guess what ? 
 i 'm human and i do have desires-the desire to shower without an audience . '' 
 he stared blankly at me for a long moment , so long i was sure my words had n't register with him . 
 i decided to test him , and so i stepped into the bathroom . 
 somehow he managed to get in front of me , his broad arm sweeping me back and out of the way as he stepped into the little room . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` no windows . 
 no doors . 
 no other occupants . 
 it is empty , '' he assessed , as if reporting on a crime scene . 
 `` yes , that 's because it 's a bathroom . 
 they 're generally not party rooms . 
 now get out ! '' 
 i snapped , gritting my teeth against the resulting stab of pain in my head . 
 i threw my hands up to wraith 's chest and gave him a hard shove out . 
 surprisingly , he moved without much effort . 
 as soon as his toes crossed the threshold , i slammed the door shut and locked it . 
 a tiny triumph tickled my confidence , though short-lived . 
 if he wanted in , i was sure a stupid little metal lock would n't stop him . 
 i sighed . 
 finally alone ... i walked over to the large rectangular mirror and stared at the sallow reflection . 
 i look hideous , i grimaced , taking in the dark circles accentuating my already puffy eyes , and the cowlick of wispy front hairs sticking out and off to the side of my forehead . 
 my jaw was n't much better . 
 at least my lip was back to its original size , though still purple . 
 all in all ... far from appealing . 
 shaking off my rumpled clothes from the day before , i climbed into the shower . 
 i stood under the hot water for what felt like an eternity , allowing it to soak into my pores and clean the toxins out as i thought about all that had transpired in twenty-four hours . 
 when i 'd woken yesterday , my life was in shambles . 
 then it slapped on a pair of skis and hot-dogged down the side of a mountain . 
 attacked by witches and sentinel , i came home to a freed bishop who 'd been lobotomized by the fates and now had the hots for me . 
 to top it all off , i released the ghost of sofie 's true love because of my toxic magic and now i had him closer to me than my own shadow , granting me permission to go to the bathroom on my own . 
 yes ... my life was better when it was just in shambles and not doing a full nosedive into hell . 
 i had n't connected with veronique last night , though , from what i recalled . 
 i hope i had n't ! 
 would i have been drunk if i had ? 
 either way , if they were n't torturing her , then i had bought myself some time . 
 now , as long as viggo and mortimer did n't find out about her , and , worse , that i knew about her predicament , then maybe i would n't die a slow , horrible death at their hands . 
 lilly had to have some information for me soon ... once sufficiently scrubbed , cleaned , and primped-and feeling marginally better-i cracked open the door and peeked out . 
 three sets of eyes watched me . 
 i knew asking any of them to leave so i could get dressed was a hopeless cause . 
 ducking out in my robe , i reached into the dresser near the door , discreetly assembling an outfit down to underwear and socks , silently wishing i were alone with caden . 
 what i would do to be alone with caden ... once dressed , i took a giant breath and stepped out . 
 there they were . 
 still . 
 the three of them . 
 caden , max , and wraith , forming a narrow triangle in my room . 
 wraith was closest to me , his gaze weighing me down . 
 sidestepping around him with a wary eye fixed on his movements , i made my way to caden 's side . 
 `` feel better ? '' 
 caden smiled , wrapping himself around my upper body , enveloping me into him . 
 i nodded . 
 surprisingly , whether it was the hot shower , or the two little pills , or caden 's arms around me , the pounding had subsided . 
 i may even be a little bit hungry ... you certainly smell better and ... max began . 
 i rolled my head within caden 's chest to throw max an evil stare . 
 he did n't finish his sentence . 
 `` yeah ... i 'm never drinking again , '' i said . 
 my head shook against caden 's chest as he chuckled . 
 warmth exploded within me . 
 i loved the feel of his happiness . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd felt it . 
 pulling back slightly to look down at my face , the back of his hand grazed over my lip gently . 
 `` does this hurt ? ' 
 i shook my head , melting . 
 he leaned forward and placed the lightest kiss on my lips . 
 `` does that hurt ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 blood rushed to my ears as my heart hammered against my ribs . 
 whatever resentment or hurt held him back before , it was n't present anymore . 
 on impulse , i grabbed hold of his neck and drew him down for another kiss . 
 he responded without restraint . 
 if my lip still hurt , it was n't registering at the moment , too overjoyed by being in contact with caden 's mouth to complain . 
 once bishop returned , we 'd be back to the twisted delusion . 
 until then ... the hairs on the back of my neck prickled suddenly , an eerie feeling sweeping through my body , ruining the moment . 
 on instinct , i broke free of caden 's lips and checked over my shoulder . 
 wraith had slinked in behind me , no more than three feet away from us . 
 he did n't do anything or say anything . 
 he just stood still , waiting expectantly . 
 i knew exactly why-to level caden if he felt i was at risk . 
 that bugged me . 
 greatly . 
 the only thing i was at risk of now was losing precious time with caden . 
 pivoting on my heels to stay between wraith and caden , i decided to try cordiality . 
 `` can you please give us a moment alone , wraith ? '' 
 wraith only stared back at me . 
 good luck with that , max muttered sarcastically . 
 `` please ? '' 
 i said again , the pleading in my voice that was really beginning to annoy me . 
 `` i do not understand this ` moment ' term , '' wraith finally explained . 
 `` it means give us some space ... do n't hover ? '' 
 still , only a blank look , and no movement . 
 this was going nowhere . 
 `` can you please leave the room ! '' 
 his head jerked to the side once in a half shake . 
 `` no , that is not possible . 
 i am here to protect you at all times . 
 you must never be out of my sight . '' 
 pausing to take a deep breath and temper my tone again , i spoke to him as if he were a child . 
 `` but we 're safe in here , just like i was in the bathroom . 
 no one 's going to come in here . '' 
 he pointed at the two-stories-high windows . 
 `` those are entry points . 
 the threat is there . 
 therefore , i stay . '' 
 end of discussion , clearly . 
 i heaved a sigh of frustration , knowing i would never win this argument . 
 `` fine ... can you at least step over there ? 
 by the window ? 
 so you 're not climbing on top of me ? 
 so i do n't have to see you staring at me ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` go stand over there ! '' 
 his neck turned mechanically as he glanced at the window and back at me , as if visually measuring the space . 
 finally , he walked over and sidled in behind the heavy silver-mauve drapery until all but his shoes were invisible . 
 i struggled to contain my grin . 
 turning back , i gave max a knowing `` get out '' glare , silently promising i 'd be nicer to him from now on . 
 do n't have to convince me ! 
 i hear santa delivered some christmas goodies for me . 
 he trotted off to the door and opened it with his giant maw . 
 finally . 
 i was alone with caden . 
 well , sort of . 
 not alone enough for what i wanted but ... i threw myself at him , slipping my hands around him , nuzzling into his neck . 
 `` i ca n't wait until this is all over , '' i whispered in his ear . 
 `` the feeling 's mutual , '' he whispered , his hands sliding down the length of my rib cage to rest on my hips , pulling my body against his . 
 `` damn it , evie ... '' strong fingers wrapped around my lower back , an index finger running along the waist band of my jeans . 
 my breath caught . 
 i closed my eyes , reveling as i felt his hands steal beneath my sweater and edge up along my spine , soaking up the warmth radiating from him . 
 he was the one i was meant to be with . 
 why could n't the fates just realize that and stop trying to keep us apart ? 
 `` here , '' caden whispered suddenly , reaching up to grasp my hand and bring it down to his side . 
 he placed something long and cool into my palm . 
 a gorgeous diamond-jeweled dagger with an ivory handle . 
 `` i figured you were probably done with traditional jewelry . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 my other arm slid off caden 's shoulder to handle the dagger with care , slipping the blade from its soft leather sheath . 
 it was six inches long and thin . 
 dainty , though i could tell by the curve of the blade that it was anything but . 
 this would carve through flesh-human or vampire , it mattered not . 
 `` when did you get this ? '' 
 i carefully sheathed it , visions of accidently disemboweling myself cautioning my movements . 
 caden shrugged . 
 `` i 've been out once or twice . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered , studying its weight in my palm . 
 `` it 's beautiful ... and dangerous . '' 
 `` like you , '' he chuckled softly , his lips pressing against my brow . 
 his joke , light and harmless in intention , drilled into my soul with its accuracy . 
 my body stiffened in response . 
 `` i 'm sorry , evie ... not funny . '' 
 he pulled my body far enough away that he could see my face . 
 i sighed . 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 any day now , one little poke of my fingertip and you 're all dead . '' 
 `` no , you do n't know that . '' 
 `` really , caden ? 
 who 's being naive now ? '' 
 that exquisite mouth of his opened to speak-likely to argue-but stopped abruptly and he settled on biting his bottom lip as he paused to think . 
 `` it wo n't happen . 
 sofie will stop it . '' 
 he traced my wounded lip with his fingertip and promised , `` everything will be okay again soon . 
 sofie will fix the spell , your lip will heal , and bishop will eventually learn the truth . '' 
 `` i really want to believe you , caden . '' 
 but i knew better . 
 i did n't believe it . 
 he did n't believe it , either . 
 the tiniest shift behind the curtain refreshed my memory of just how dire the situation had become . 
 `` and then what ? 
 with lurky lurker hiding behind the curtains over there ... '' i mumbled , bitterness curling my nostrils . 
 `` he 's like herpes . 
 he 's for life . '' 
 wraith took that as he cue to step out because the curtains ruffled and reflective blue eyes peeked out at me like glowing coins . 
 heaving an exaggerated sigh , i walked over to my nightstand and pulled the red satchel from the top drawer . 
 `` i hope you like it , '' i said , handing caden his gift . 
 `` i did almost die getting it for you , you know . '' 
 `` are we taking turns making tasteless jokes now ? '' 
 caden grumbled as he took it from me . 
 `` you should n't have ... '' `` it 's nothing , '' i lied . 
 inside , giddy butterflies fluttered about . 
 `` i just figured ... this is our first christmas together ... '' he unraveled the tie to the case and carefully tipped the bag . 
 the watch slid out to fit perfectly in the center of his open palm . 
 i waited in silence as he stared at it , not saying a word , his jawline shifting slightly . 
 `` amelie said you 'd like it ... '' my voice betrayed my anxiety . 
 what is going on inside his head ? 
 does he like it ? 
 is he wondering why i got him a freaking watch ? 
 what if amelie confused things ? 
 she is a bit flighty ... `` my father had one just like it , '' he finally said , his voice turning husky . 
 tiny exhale ... `` i had it for years . 
 kept it in my pocket . 
 when the war came and we fled , i lost it . '' 
 beautiful jade irises lifted to absorb me and i could swear i saw them watering . 
 but then i blinked and they were back to their perfect clarity . 
 he clutched the watch within his fist and , holding it to his chest , he whispered , `` thank you . '' 
 stretching out to grasp my wrist , he yanked me toward him more forcefully than usual . 
 my heart skipped three beats . 
 with a hand cupped on either side of my face , his gaze lingered , a darkness growing in them that made my knees shake and my cheeks flush . 
 finally , when i thought i might collapse under his consuming stare , he leaned forward to plant the gentlest kiss on my forehead . 
 from there , his mouth skated down to the bridge of my nose and then the tip . 
 forcing my head back with his hands , his mouth caught the side of mine , right on the edge where it lingered . 
 and lingered . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for everything i 've put you through . 
 it 's not fair , all that grief i gave you over julian . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i murmured , half dazed . 
 with this new bishop saga , i had forgotten all about that other lie . 
 caden 's fingers slid under my chin and lifted my head to meet his eyes . 
 `` no , it 's not okay . 
 i 've dreamed about finding someone like you for seven hundred years . 
 and now , here you are and ... '' his thumb moved to wipe away the fresh tear rolling down my cheek . 
 `` i wo n't let us lose another second over this . 
 i promise . 
 it 's done . 
 it 's forgotten . 
 it 's - '' amelie 's shrill screams cut caden off midsentence . 
 he vanished before i could blink , his words to wraith , `` keep her safe '' hanging in the air . 
 but i was n't waiting around with wraith . 
 only one thing could make amelie shriek like that . 
 blood rushed to my ears as i ran across the hall , passing by julian 's smashed door , my legs straining as if pushing through three feet of water . 
 i dashed halfway into the room and came to a skidding halt . 
 amelie stood by the en suite , her ringlets sagging and dripping wet , hugging a white towel to her body , her face wild with confusion . 
 `` how could he ? '' 
 she whispered in a gasp . 
 i said nothing , rushing toward the bathroom . 
 `` stay back , '' i threw over my shoulder . 
 i did n't need to see him to know for certain that wraith was on my heels . 
 and in another second , he stood by my side , my demand useless . 
 `` caden ? '' 
 i called out shakily . 
 `` eve ! '' 
 julian cried out instead , a strangled desperation in his voice . 
 `` i 'm coming in ! '' 
 i announced , sucking in a gulp of air as i rounded the corner . 
 caden had julian pinned against the wall , his forearm pressing across julian 's neck . 
 a puddle of water was forming beneath julian 's feet , a byproduct of being ripped out of a still-running shower . 
 at some point in the trauma , julian had a chance to grab a towel . 
 he held it against his lower front half , covering the part of him i had no interest in seeing . 
 `` tell me again why i should n't kill you right now ! '' 
 caden growled through clenched teeth , fire in his eyes . 
 `` no ! 
 you ca n't ! '' 
 i cried out , stepping forward . 
 wraith 's arm shot out from nowhere to shove me back to the opposite corner . 
 `` is he a threat to evangeline ? '' 
 he asked moving forward . 
 `` he 's a threat to all of us . '' 
 caden 's tone was as icy as i 'd ever heard it . 
 he did n't look in my direction as he released julian from the chokehold and took three wide steps back . 
 `` get rid of him , wraith . '' 
 without further prompting , wraith began closing in on julian , his deadly hand lifting toward his shoulder . 
 no , no , no ! 
 i choked back a sob . 
 this was n't happening . 
 i had to stop this ... if wraith attacked , there was no healing , no bouncing back . 
 julian would be dead . 
 another person close to me , gone . 
 `` he saved my life . 
 do n't do it ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 wraith kept moving forward . 
 it was as if i had n't spoken . 
 he would n't stop until julian was dead . 
 i needed to do something drastic , i realized , squeezing my fist tightly over the smooth hilt of my dagger , still in my hand . 
 my dagger ... there was one way to make wraith listen . 
 i unsheathed the blade and lifted the point to my neck . 
 `` if he dies , i die . 
 right here , right now . '' 
 my hand shook so badly , i was afraid i might accidently slit my jugular . 
 my plan worked . 
 wraith 's hand dropped to his side . 
 he took several steps back , giving julian a wide berth . 
 `` you would kill yourself to protect this human ? '' 
 `` he almost died protecting me , so , yes , i would . 
 he 's my friend . '' 
 looking at julian-his face as white as a sheet , his body on the verge of collapse-i wanted to throw my arms around him . 
 unfortunately , i had to contend with an angry vampire first . 
 caden was at my side in an instant , tearing the dagger out of my hand , a violent storm darkening his irises to threatening levels . 
 `` i did n't give you that so you could kill yourself with it ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 he 'd never yelled at me before . 
 i forced my chin up , my hand absently rubbing my neck . 
 `` you left me no choice ! 
 i had to protect him . '' 
 `` but you do n't know what he is ! '' 
 amelie moaned from the doorway , still huddled within her towel , agony pouring from her eyes as they touched julian 's face . 
 and here it was . 
 the moment . 
 there was no denying it any longer . 
 `` yes , i do , '' i heard myself say , as if someone else were speaking . 
 a liar , admitting her guilt . 
 as soft as the delivery , the impact of my admission was enough to cause amelie to stumble back , flinching . 
 `` you ... knew ? 
 you knew and i did n't ? '' 
 her voice sharpened a notch . 
 in that scary way . 
 in that crazy amelie way . 
 i nodded as unease stirred in my stomach . 
 swallowing , i admitted in a whisper , `` i accidently saw the marking . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 amelie exploded , now screaming . 
 `` you accidently saw the tattoo on his left ass cheek ? '' 
 her eyes bulged so hard , i thought they might pop out of her head . 
 `` yes ! 
 accidently . '' 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 next to his sister , caden 's voice was so low i barely heard him . 
 it scared me ten times more . 
 my body as stiff as a poker , i turned to see the end of the dagger pointed dangerously close to julian 's thigh , caden 's eyes crushing me with an accusatory gaze . 
 i knew instantly what he was thinking . 
 seeing that mark required seeing julian without clothing . 
 in what situation would i see him like that ? 
 my mouth opened to justify my lies , but only a wheeze escaped . 
 we stood still , our eyes locked , as i felt my curtain drop , unveiling the real me . 
 not the sweet , naive girl amelie carried unconscious into caden 's life , the human girl he fell in love with . 
 no ... now he could see me for what i was . 
 what i had become . 
 a fraud and a cheat . 
 caden 's next words , delivered with a biting cold tone , confirmed it . 
 `` just kissed him , right ? '' 
 before i could utter a sound , plead with him to listen to my explanation , he stormed off , launching the dagger across the room so hard that it embedded itself into a mahogany armoire with a loud thud , splitting the wood in half . 
 `` caden ! '' 
 i cried , running to the doorway into the hallway to catch him . 
 but he was gone . 
 gone from the room , maybe gone from my life . 
 i turned back to the room slowly , deflated and dazed over the sudden turn of events . 
 two minutes ago , caden had all but professed his eternal love . 
 now , he was gone , julian 's dark secret exposed . 
 and i could n't forget about amelie . 
 `` what is caden talking about , evie ? 
 you kissed julian ? 
 you told me nothing happened ... '' the cutting sound of amelie 's voice set my neck hairs on edge . 
 without thought , my hands lifted in front of me in a sign of surrender . 
 `` i did n't kiss him . 
 that was a lie . 
 i - '' but amelie was already talking over me . 
 `` you knew what he was all this time and you did n't tell me ? 
 you let me fall in love with the enemy ? '' 
 each word came out crisp and knife-sharp , a hysterical edge creeping into them . 
 `` please , let me ex - '' i began , stepping forward , my hands outstretched . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 amelie hissed , recoiling from my approach , her pretty face twisting into an altogether hideous sneer as she backed into a dresser . 
 amelie-my best friend-hated me . 
 amelie , the seven-hundred-year-old vampiress who just had her heart emotionally ripped out of her chest , now glared at me like i had betrayed her to the depths of her soul . 
 the trouble was , i had . 
 `` how could you ? 
 how could you hurt us like that ? 
 lie to us like that ? '' 
 each accusation was delivered like a swing of a sword . 
 `` i never lied ! 
 i mean , i did lie , but ... '' i sighed , my hands flying to cover my face . 
 `` i did lie . 
 totally . 
 completely . 
 i lied about anything happening with julian . 
 but i swear to you , nothing happened ! '' 
 i was talking to myself , though , as her emerald eyes drew along my frame , as if deciding how best to quarter me . 
 i wanted to explain , i did , but fear choked the words . 
 i had never seen amelie-sweet , bubbly amelie-like this before . 
 even with rachel , even with jethro , there had been a small semblance of the amelie i knew . 
 now , though , it was as if someone reached in and switched around her spark plugs , making her go haywire . 
 unpredictable . 
 dangerous . 
 in my peripheral stood a pale julian , in only a towel , and wraith behind him . 
 i had n't noticed them there before . 
 i could use wraith right now , as a barrier . 
 `` evangeline , is this person a threat to you ? '' 
 wraith 's even tone was a welcome change to amelie 's trills and ice . 
 `` no . '' 
 my hand shot out to stay him . 
 he was too close to her . 
 he would n't form a barrier for me . 
 he 'd simply kill her . 
 julian spoke then . 
 `` amelie ... i wanted to tell you , i did . 
 eve thought it best ... '' great , julian ... throw gas onto an open flame in a parched forest . 
 another flash of anger , searing hot , shot through amelie 's eyes as they bored deeper into me . 
 `` oh , did she now ... '' i almost missed her next movement . 
 with the slightest flick of her hand , the solid wood dresser beside her soared in my direction . 
 i do n't know if she was intending to hit me or just scare me with it . 
 either way , i managed to dive out of the way . 
 it crashed into the wall behind me , taking chunks of plaster and molding with it . 
 i struggled back to my feet to face her again . 
 she took a step forward . 
 `` were you looking for a way to win him back after your little thing in the mountains ? '' 
 i felt my eyes widen . 
 what ? 
 accusations spewed hastily from her as she edged forward , as if cornering prey . 
 `` you had to have them all , did n't you ... you were n't satisfied with caden . 
 you had to have all of them . 
 first my brother , then julian ... and now bishop . '' 
 her voice trailed off as a distant look glazed over her face-a far-off , wild stare . 
 i recognized it immediately . 
 i 'd seen it reflected in mirrors countless times . 
 the dark chasm of loss , of losing everything that mattered . 
 there was no logical thought in this gloomy place . 
 `` is this friend a threat now , evangeline ? '' 
 wraith asked calmly for a second time . 
 she just threw a dresser at me ! 
 what do you think ? 
 i wanted to scream . 
 my eyes flickered to julian and i saw the pleading in them . 
 it was a death sentence if i said yes . 
 it could be my death sentence if i said no . 
 soon enough , wraith would n't ask me . 
 he would just kill . 
 amelie did n't even acknowledge wraith , did n't care that she had an unstoppable grim reaper ten feet away from her . 
 `` were you laughing at me ? 
 stupid , silly amelie who had no clue ? '' 
 another step closer . 
 i sucked in a breath of air . 
 `` amelie ! 
 it 's me . 
 evie ! 
 the one who pulled you out of the river ! 
 the silly , naive human ! '' 
 another step . 
 her eyebrow arched . 
 `` oh , but you 're not so naive , are you , evangeline ... '' and then she pounced . 
 she threw me back against the wall , her hands landing on either side of my shoulders , her fingers digging painfully into my joints , her teeth bared and glistening . 
 i heard julian 's shouts in the background but i could n't comprehend what he was saying . 
 i shrunk back , trying to gain some distance . 
 i ca n't die yet . 
 i 'm not ready to die yet . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw wraith closing in quickly . 
 he would n't simply stall her this time . 
 he would kill her ... i needed to make her understand ! 
 `` amelie , do n't do this . 
 please , listen to me . '' 
 her fingers dug in further and i cried out in pain . 
 crazy amelie would n't listen . 
 she was too far gone . 
 i needed normal amelie back for five minutes so we could explain everything . 
 i just ... suddenly , amelie 's face froze in horror . 
 her skin began withering , the veins along her cheeks and forehead protruding . 
 much worse than what wraith had done to sofie . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed , my hands rushing to her wrists to hold her up . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 wraith was killing her . 
 she crumbled to the ground , her towel puddled around her decrepit body . 
 my hands flew to my mouth in horror . 
 `` how could you ... you ... '' rage burned inside me as i lifted my gaze , about to scream obscenities at my guardian . 
 i faltered . 
 wraith was six feet away from us . 
 he had n't reached us yet . 
 wraith did n't cause that . 
 there was only one person who could have . 
 me . 
 julian 's screams snapped me out of my trance . 
 he was already on his knees beside her , collecting her withered head in his lap , pulling her towel over her body to cover its frail nakedness , tears streaming down his cheeks . 
 in shock , i started down at my hands . 
 what just happened ? 
 `` but , i touched caden just minutes ago ... '' i mumbled , stunned . 
 i had killed amelie . 
 i dropped to my knees beside julian , sitting on my hands to avoid touching anyone . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , julian . 
 i did n't mean it . 
 i did n't ... '' my voice cracked . 
 i expected violent sobs to follow , but they did n't . 
 i was hollow . 
 he did n't acknowledge my apology , hunched over and cradling amelie 's head . 
 and then a small groan changed everything . 
 julian unfurled his body and i saw that life was returning to amelie . 
 i had n't killed her ! 
 `` help me , eve ... '' he pleaded , begging me with his glassy eyes . 
 `` make her understand , please . 
 i ca n't lose her . '' 
 i swallowed the lump in my throat . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 we sat in silence as julian gently stroked amelie 's forehead , waiting for life to flow back into her limbs , for her face to round out again , for her lips to plump up , for her vibrant emerald jewels to shine . 
 most importantly , we waited to see which side of amelie would greet us-dr . 
 jekyll or mrs. hyde . 
 `` oh , julian , '' she suddenly murmured , blinking . 
 `` what just happened ... '' i recognized the gentle lilt of her voice . 
 whether temporary or not , whatever had snapped inside her had reset itself and the old amelie was back . 
 i needed to take advantage of the moment . 
 `` amelie , '' i struggled to keep my voice calm . 
 `` just hear me out . 
 it 's not at all what you think , i promise ! 
 amelie . '' 
 her head rolled to the side , peering up at me with beautiful catlike eyes . 
 in that split second , i knew exactly what she looked like when she was five years old . 
 innocent and confused . 
 the words tumbled out of me . 
 `` there has never been anything more than friendship between julian and me . 
 caden sensed my tension around julian and he guessed it was because something happened between us . 
 i did n't correct him . 
 i let him believe it because it was safer for julian that way . 
 and i did n't tell you guys he was the sentinel because it was n't his fault . 
 he was forced into it . 
 he is n't helping them , amelie . 
 i promise ! '' 
 `` it 's true , amelie , '' julian jumped in . 
 `` my parents forced me into it . 
 i did n't think anything of it back then . 
 i was a stupid kid . 
 i did n't care . 
 i only knew viggo and i wanted him dead , so what did it matter ? '' 
 he leaned in to lay a gentle , lingering kiss on her forehead . 
 `` i would never let anything happen to you . 
 i 'd kill them all before that happened . '' 
 i could see she was listening , processing our words , and so i continued . 
 `` i found out what julian was when we were at the tribe and they were healing him . 
 he was undressed and he moved and the blanket moved and then ... that 's when i saw it . 
 i swear to you . 
 a complete accident . '' 
 amelie 's gaze shifted from julian 's face to mine and back to julian 's again . 
 i could n't read anything from her look-was she weighing our words for the truth or plotting our deaths ? 
 and then a tiny quirk of her mouth changed everything . 
 `` he does have a cute butt , does n't he ? '' 
 the air rushed out of my lungs as i exhaled in relief . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , amelie . 
 i did n't know how to tell you . 
 i was so scared you would n't forgive me , '' julian finally whispered , his fingers running along the length of her cheek . 
 `` i do n't want to keep any secrets from you . '' 
 she offered him a small , weak smile . 
 `` maybe you should start talking then ... ? '' 
 `` talking about what ? '' 
 bishop 's deep voice boomed suddenly from the entrance . 
 he appeared in julian 's room so quickly , i yelped . 
 julian , amelie , and i shared a knowing glance . 
 a silent agreement passed between us . 
 the fewer people who knew about julian 's marking , the better . 
 there was no need to divulge everything to everyone . 
 while amelie was willing to listen , not everyone else would . 
 thank god max was busy hunting ... amelie gave the slightest shake of her head . 
 `` i just went a little crazy about julian 's friendship with evangeline for a moment , that 's all . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow and looked at the pile of kindling that , just moments prior , had been a beautiful antique . 
 she let out nervous giggle and an apologetic shrug . 
 `` you know me . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' bishop said , eyeing the mess . 
 his attention shifted warily to wraith . 
 `` and what ... did he put you in your place ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` no ... evie did . '' 
 a flash of worry pierced bishop 's beautiful charcoal irises and i shrugged . 
 `` i might have , though i do n't know how . '' 
 inside my head , the voice screamed at me . 
 it 's happening ! 
 it 's real ! 
 `` evie , '' amelie 's airy voice grabbed me and i focused on her remorseful expression . 
 `` i do n't know what came over me . 
 i was n't myself ... i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i smiled and winked , though it did nothing to dislodge the stiff rod of tension rammed along my spine . 
 `` i deserved it . 
 well ... maybe not the whole dresser-launching part . '' 
 amelie 's lip curved into a pout . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' i said . 
 but in her defense , if she 'd kept something like that from me , i 'd be angry enough to launch furniture too . 
 `` and you decided to play darts with fancy daggers as well ? '' 
 bishop added , pointing at the protruding ivory-and-diamond handle of my christmas present . 
 in an instant , he was across the room and yanking it out . 
 `` what 's this from ? '' 
 `` it 's mine ! '' 
 suddenly desperate to reclaim my gift from caden , i stalked over , my palm out in front of me . 
 `` hand it over . '' 
 he gave me that wide grin of his as he tossed the dagger into the air , letting it spin before catching it in his fingertips by the blade . 
 `` you sure you should have a weapon ? 
 you 're bound to hurt yourself with it . '' 
 i snorted . 
 you have no idea how right you are . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure . 
 i need it . '' 
 with newfound caution , he carefully gave it to me handle first , his fingertips grazing mine . 
 i sucked in a gasp , my eyes widening as i peered up at him , watching , waiting . 
 nothing happened . 
 no shriveling , no collapsing , nothing . 
 my breaths started to pass a little easier . 
 `` thanks , '' i mumbled , averting my gaze to amelie and julian . 
 they were a thousand miles away , communicating through glimpses and caresses and whispers . 
 if only i could get caden to listen long enough for me to explain . 
 `` come on . '' 
 my feet slid backward , heading out . 
 i need to find caden . 
 i need to explain . 
 `` see you two ... much later ? '' 
 bishop grinned at julian , oblivious to the near tragedy-how close i had come to being a dresser pancake , amelie a shriveled corpse , julian dismembered-now only something the three of us would know . 
 and wraith . 
 i followed bishop and wraith down the stairs to the foyer , my movements sluggish , my spirit hollow . 
 i barely registered the delicate sound of holiday harps or the scent of cinnamon wafting through the air . 
 neither did anything to fill the void in my heart . 
 caden thought i 'd betrayed him . 
 i did betray him . 
 i lied to him , allowed his imagination to torment him over something that was n't true . 
 we trailed along the empty , cold halls . 
 a feeling of ... absence lingered in the air . 
 mortimer and viggo had to be in new york by now , along with lilly and her crowd . 
 caden was ... i do n't know where . 
 i prayed he was by the tree , cooling off . 
 i do n't know what i expected for christmas morning in nathan 's chateau with a bunch of vampires , werewolves , and a wraith , but i 'd had higher hopes than this . 
 bishop and i walked side by side in silence to the glass room , our arms briefly nudging but otherwise without contact , much to my relief . 
 when we stepped in , when i saw that caden was n't here , my heart plummeted further . 
 mage was there , though , looking out over a blizzard . 
 `` have you seen caden ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 with a furtive glance at bishop and a check of my tone , i added , `` he was worried about amelie . 
 i wanted to tell him that everything 's fine . '' 
 mage whipped around to face me , surprise touching her brow . 
 studying me with arms crossed over her chest , her black eyes narrowed . 
 `` evangeline ... do you feel different today ? '' 
 that infamous question . 
 it meant something monumental had changed . 
 `` no , i do n't , '' i answered truthfully . 
 `` well , i feel crappy after all that port last night . 
 why ? '' 
 she shook her head , her gaze traveling down the lengths of my limbs . 
 `` i can see magic on you . 
 it 's weak but it 's there . '' 
 i help up my arms in front of me . 
 still long , still skinny , one still stitched up . 
 no magic . 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 we need to ask sofie . '' 
 i nodded . 
 another surprise . 
 maybe this so-called magic was what i had inadvertently used on amelie earlier . 
 brushing that problem aside , i focused on the bigger one at hand . 
 i forced a smile and told myself to act indifferent for bishop 's sake . 
 inside , my organs were roiling . 
 `` come ! 
 enjoy the festivities ! '' 
 mage exclaimed , striding toward me with her arms held out . 
 her feet faltered suddenly , her black eyes landing somewhere over my left shoulder . 
 on wraith . 
 she must 've weighed her options and chose not to test him because she stopped where she was , instead gesturing to a side table laden with silver trays of pastries , deviled eggs , a well-stocked shrimp tree . 
 in the center sat a small roasted pig surrounded by baked figs and assorted cheeses . 
 `` i 'm sure you must be hungry after last night , '' mage said , a tiny hint of disapproval in her voice . 
 i patted my vacant belly . 
 `` this is a little excessive , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` not with a pack of hungry wolves . 
 sofie wanted you all well fed for christmas morning . '' 
 speaking of which ... `` where is sofie ? '' 
 she should 've appeared out of thin air by now . 
 i looked around , expecting to find minty eyes watching me from some unseen corner . 
 then i remembered that wraith was here . 
 maybe she could n't handle being near me . 
 `` she was pulled away for an ... urgent matter , '' mage answered cryptically . 
 yes , definitely avoiding me . 
 disappointment piled onto my anxiety . 
 `` will she be back today ? '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 perhaps not . '' 
 mage picked up an enormous platter as if it were an empty paper plate . 
 `` eat ! '' 
 i used to be hungry . 
 before amelie discovered julian 's secret , caden all but condemned me , and amelie tried to squash me . 
 anything going into my stomach was going to come right back up . 
 `` i will ... soon . 
 thanks . '' 
 bishop helped himself to a carafe full of red liquid , filling a wine glass with it . 
 i cringed , memories of the thick , sugary port still fresh . 
 `` please tell me that 's nonalcoholic , bishop . '' 
 he grinned , taking a sip . 
 `` it 's not port . '' 
 `` come , '' mage 's cool hand slid into mine . 
 she led me to the twinkling christmas tree where a myriad of pretty paper-covered parcels filled the space beneath . 
 `` there are a few things under there for you , '' she said with a smile , prodding me with nimble fingers . 
 `` go on . 
 it 'll be a good way to distract you while you wait ... '' i did n't miss the wink . 
 for caden , she meant . 
 how did she always know ? 
 i nodded and gingerly walked over to the tree , more because i needed a diversion than because i was expecting or wanting christmas gifts . 
 the end of the world was coming , i was turning into a hideous goblin , and caden hated me . 
 sitting here and unwrapping pretty little boxes seemed silly in comparison . 
 and yet , there was tiny flicker of hope within me , some tiny bud of simple delight in this act . 
 i forget what christmas morning feels like ... kneeling down in front of the tree , i let my attention drift over the colorful packages . 
 `` oh , here , '' mage swooped in to grab a tiny black box . 
 she thrust it into my hand . 
 `` this is from sofie . '' 
 my hand partially recoiled , panic rushing through me . 
 the last time sofie handed me a tiny box , a hundred-and-twenty-year-old curse bound itself to me . 
 seeing my hesitation , mage chuckled . 
 `` this one is n't cursed . '' 
 inside was a piece of paper . 
 i unfolded it to find sofie 's beautiful scrawl staring back at me . 
 filled with those who love you . 
 s . 
 what did this cryptic little note mean ? 
 had sofie exhumed my mother 's bones and cremated them to fill the box ? 
 brushing the morbid thought aside , i lifted the note and unfolded the soft velvet cloth . 
 deja vu rocketed through me as i found the heart-shaped pendant sitting inside . 
 the shape was the only similarity . 
 this one was twice the size as the original , and thick , made of what looked like platinum , encrusted with a coat of crushed , multicolored diamonds . 
 `` wow , '' i murmured , lifting the chain to let it hang in the light . 
 its brilliant sparkle danced along the walls , even in the dull incandescent light from the lamps . 
 `` you 've got to be f ... you 're kidding me , right ? 
 another heart-shaped pendant ? '' 
 bishop crouched down to study it . 
 `` is this supposed to be funny ? 
 what will this one do to you ? '' 
 `` what more could it possibly do to me ? '' 
 i answered . 
 still , i placed the pendant back into its box and set it on the coffee table . 
 i was n't in a rush to put on anything heart-shaped again ... bishop let out a mock sigh of exasperation . 
 `` well ... way classier than what i got you , '' he said , sliding a long , silver package across the floor in one fluid motion . 
 i caught the mischievous smile and my senses started to tingle . 
 this ca n't be good ... when i peeled the paper back and spotted the victoria 's secret logo on the top of a pale pink box , my wariness increased tenfold . 
 i lifted the top cover and upon seeing the hot pink lace , i slammed the box shut , my face matching the color of the seductive outfit . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he answered , shrugging . 
 `` you had no issues with that stuff before . 
 remember , that one night you wore it and we - '' i gasped . 
 `` that was n't me ! 
 that was - '' i bit down on my tongue to stop myself just before i said her name , breaking bishop 's delusion , setting him back into his dark place of misery . 
 it had been fiona wearing her trademark hot pink outfits for bishop . 
 as if it were n't bad enough that the fates had implanted caden 's memories of me into bishop 's head , now they had taken some of his memories of fiona and swapped her out for me ! 
 bishop 's brain was a hot mess of delusions . 
 `` glad i 'm memorable . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` of course it was you ... you think i would 've forgotten something like that ? '' 
 his eyes widened suggestively as they grazed my body , setting my cheeks on fire again . 
 `` god , evie . 
 i know you 're worried about this tribe thing , but relax a little bit ! '' 
 he leaned in to graze the side of my face with his hand . 
 `` sofie will fix it . '' 
 i froze , unsure of how to respond to his affections without hurting him . 
 he leaned in and pressed his mouth against my ear , sending shivers through my body . 
 `` i miss you ... '' i could n't help it . 
 i slinked back , my body as stiff as a corpse with the unsolicited closeness . 
 turning to mage , i whispered , `` i do n't know which is worse ... '' her face smoothed over . 
 `` definitely the alternative . '' 
 bishop 's charcoal eyes shifted from mage to me , narrowing slightly . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 first , amelie ... now you . 
 why does it feel there 's a giant secret that i 'm not a part of ? '' 
 oh , but you are part of it , bishop . 
 you 're at the center of it ... we needed to be more careful . 
 i needed to distract him . 
 `` no secrets , '' i said , smiling as i forced myself to reach forward and pat his knee . 
 i held the box up in front of me . 
 `` thanks for this . 
 i 'll be sure to model it for max later , '' i offered with a sly wink , trying to make light of the situation . 
 bishop made a stabbing motion to his chest . 
 with a deep groan , he fell to the floor with dramatic flare . 
 if my flippant rebuff wounded him , i could n't tell . 
 either way , his focus was off the secret . 
 i glanced over my shoulder , hoping to find caden lingering in a corner . 
 no one but wraith stared back . 
 my shoulders sagged . 
 where could he be ? 
 `` here 's another one . 
 from amelie . '' 
 mage shoved a large box in my face , temporarily distracting me from the inner turmoil that must 've been splayed across my face . 
 oh , amelie ... i peeled the wrapping to reveal an oversized brown shoebox . 
 inside was a beautiful pair of soft brown leather riding boots , similar to the pair i 'd brought to her on ratheus . 
 as i admired them , i noticed a narrow inner pocket . 
 hmm ... sliding the boots on over my jeans , i tested my dagger 's fit in one of the pockets . 
 `` perfect ! '' 
 bishop snorted . 
 `` you think you 're ready for war now ? '' 
 when he processed the severity of his words , the grin slipped off his face . 
 he picked up my diamond pendant from its box , and tossed it up and down as if were loose change . 
 `` i hope it never comes to that . '' 
 `` it 's only a matter of time , is n't it ? '' 
 i whispered sadly . 
 would it be before or after i miraculously freed veronique ? 
 before or after i turned into a jaundice-eyed freak ? 
 before or after caden told me to drop dead ? 
 caden ... i searched the room again . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 i need to explain , damn it ! 
 just five minutes to talk openly , freely , without guarding my words , without onlookers . 
 impossible ... the word became real as i spotted my dark-haired warden loitering in the shadows . 
 watching me . 
 always watching . 
 i folded my face into my hands , the urge to scream overwhelming . 
 i wanted to run as fast as i could ; through the door , into the snow , into freedom . 
 would wraith chase me ? 
 would i have five minutes to myself so i could drop to my knees and pound the earth , to pity myself , to plead with god or the fates or whomever was running the show up there ? 
 so freaking ironic . 
 before , i was disappointed that caden could n't turn me . 
 now , all i wanted to do was remain human . 
 was that too much to ask ? 
 i stood , bile churning the meager contents of my belly , and moved toward the hall . 
 wraith was instantly on guard , mirroring my steps . 
 `` bathroom , '' i grumbled , my irritation growing with each second . 
 i anticipated the upcoming argument . 
 as expected , he barged into the bathroom to inspect it , shoving me out of the way . 
 `` it is empty , '' he announced . 
 `` wow . 
 if this grim reaper gig does n't pan out for you , you could always take over for sherlock holmes . '' 
 `` i do not understand your suggestion . '' 
 `` of course you do n't , '' i pushed past him with a loud snort . 
 `` i will wait outside , '' he added , unfazed by my snippy attitude . 
 that only made me feel guilty . 
 he was doing his job . 
 he stepped out and turned his back to me . 
 i shut the door and flipped on the fan , wanting added background noise given i had an audience . 
 finally , alone . 
 the treacherous girl with more deadly secrets than the secret service , deceiving her way through her days , misleading those she cares about most . 
 all for the greater good . 
 i had no right to get angry with any of them ever again ! 
 everything they were doing was for the greater good of something . 
 whether it coincided with keeping me alive or not was irrelevant . 
 i sighed , my hands rubbing my eyes fiercely . 
 `` caden , where are you ... '' i whispered , more acutely aware of the emptiness in my chest than ever before . 
 a slight breeze kissed my cheek and then a hand fastened onto my elbow and yanked me backward into darkness . 
 my jaw dropped , a blood-curdling scream rising in my lungs but someone 's palm muzzled me , stifling it . 
 `` shhh ... '' i heard , the source only an inch from my ear . 
 it was enough for me to identify caden , though . 
 all of my anxiety expelled with a breath . 
 `` shhh , '' he warned again , his proximity all the more intense in pitch dark . 
 i nodded slowly . 
 his hand slipped from my mouth . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i whispered , pawing through the murkiness , my fingertips grazing cold rock behind and in front of me . 
 the space was narrow and held a musty chill . 
 `` in the secret passageway , '' i answered for myself , suddenly remembering . 
 i waited for him to acknowledge my guess , to say something . 
 anything . 
 but caden was n't speaking . 
 dread tore away at my insides . 
 this is it . 
 he 's going to tell me he hates my guts . 
 or ... i ran into the wall as i took a step back , feeling my eyes widen in sudden alarm . 
 he was a vampire and he was angry and jealous . 
 i had already experienced an angry , jealous vampire earlier . 
 she tried to kill me . 
 and now i was in a dark , hidden passage with another one ... my hands trembled , my heart pounded in terror . 
 was caden about to kill me ? 
 there was a moment 's pause where i could n't find a single appropriate word , fear swallowing me whole . 
 then too many words started tumbling out all at once . 
 `` nothing happened between julian and me ! 
 i swear it . 
 i - '' my words died with a hard swallow as his hands found their place on my shoulders , pinning me against the wall . 
 his mouth trailed lightly over my cheek , my ear , down to my neck , setting fire to my body . 
 speak , caden ! 
 say something ! 
 please ! 
 but he remained silent . 
 not a word . 
 it was the most unbearable form of torture . 
 and in that torture , my spirit , my resolve , my everything broke . 
 `` it 's okay , caden . 
 it 's probably for the best . 
 i 'll be dead in a few days , anyway , '' i sobbed , hot tears streaming down my cheeks , a flood of angst and heartache splintering the dam that had kept me together up until now . 
 `` just know that i tried my best to do the right thing . 
 but there 's no way . 
 someone always gets hurt . 
 i 'm so sorry it was you this time . 
 i still lo - '' caden 's mouth suddenly covered mine , ending all words , all thought . 
 all ability to breathe . 
 pressing his body against mine , the level of self-control i had come to know about caden disintegrated , his lips consuming mine with a new level of hunger . 
 not even my injured jaw mattered anymore . 
 caden was what i wanted . 
 this was what i 'd wished for . 
 and this was probably the last time i 'd ever have him . 
 taking pleasure in the taste of his lips , i let my hands wander over his chest to his arms , memorizing every ridge , every muscle . 
 sliding up to his shoulders , my fingertips pressed into the deep ridges of his collarbone . 
 with a groan , his fingers began to snake through my hair until they were tangled up near my scalp . 
 clenching his fists , causing a small bite of pain , his mouth slid to my neck . 
 i let my head fall back , gasping with abandon , sinking further and further into caden 's passion , drowning in him . 
 `` take me away from here , '' i pleaded hoarsely . 
 and suddenly i was cradled in caden 's arms and we were moving . 
 running in darkness , running to freedom , away from wraith , away from bishop . 
 away , together . 
 i burrowed my face in his chest , relishing the fleeting moment . 
 i knew it was wrong , i knew it was dangerous , and yet it was the perfect last wish granted before i fully morphed . 
 and died . 
 biting cold seized my body as we burst out of the secret passage and into daylight . 
 through the blizzard conditions , up and down hills , with me in his arms as if i weighed nothing , caden continued running at that impossible speed that only his kind could manage . 
 i did n't care where he was taking me . 
 i did n't care about the cold . 
 i buried my face in his soft sweater , inhaling his clean musky smell . 
 bliss . 
 abruptly , the harsh wind vanished , replaced by a smoky aroma and a crackling fire . 
 caden lowered me down onto a cushion of blankets and furs . 
 with arms on either side of my head , he hovered over me , gazing down at me with those intense jade irises that i wanted to bind myself to forever . 
 i had no idea where we were . 
 i did n't care , my eyes marveling over this being in front of me . 
 my body trembled beneath him . 
 i reached a tentative hand up to trace the line of his jaw . 
 quick , raspy breaths escaped my parted lips , creating a cloud in the still frigid air . 
 `` you were worth waiting seven hundred years for , '' he whispered , his words unraveling my last shred of self-control . 
 *** a faded , timeworn glass pane revealed the horrendous winter scene outside . 
 i shuddered with the sight , quickly pushing it aside in favor of sheer ecstasy . 
 enfolded in countless blankets , reveling in caden 's arms , my cheek resting against his bare chest , i let my eyes roam through the small building for the first time . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` looks like an outpost on the back of the property , '' caden answered . 
 `` i found it the other day . 
 they probably used it for hunting . 
 i do n't think anyone 's stepped inside here for fifty years . '' 
 i could see what he meant . 
 a hovel of wood planks , the shack 's roof was caving in and riddled with holes , allowing enough snow through to form a thin layer over three quarters of the space . 
 aside from walls to buffer the wind , a simple woodstove in one corner provided the only comfort . 
 without it , we may as well be laying outside in the snow bank . 
 `` they wo n't think to look out here for a while , '' he whispered , his hand smoothing over my forehead . 
 i shifted forward so we were chest to chest and stared down at his beautiful face , adoration swelling inside me . 
 and yet sadness too . 
 the corners of his eyes pulled downward and underneath them was slightly purplish . 
 weariness crept into his features . 
 i 'd never seen caden look worn out before . 
 `` i 'm so sorry that i put you through all that , caden , '' i whispered , squeezing my eyes shut before a fresh batch of tears spilled out . 
 i did n't want to cry . 
 not now . 
 not after ... `` hush , '' caden lifted his head enough to plant the gentlest kiss on the corner of my mouth . 
 when he lay back down , his mouth twitched into a smile . 
 `` so you let me believe that you guys - '' `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 i cried , burying my face in shame . 
 `` i did n't know what else to do ! '' 
 his arms enclosed around my naked back , pulling my face into the crook of his neck . 
 `` i would have done the same thing , eve . '' 
 `` really ? 
 why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` there was no other way to explain why you seemed so guilty and you could n't tell any of us without risk to your friend . 
 i get it , eve ... '' his fingers traced circles over my shoulders and down my spine . 
 `` you 've gotten pretty good at lying , you know . '' 
 my stomach churned , suddenly nauseated . 
 but then strong hands slid down to sit on my thighs , instantly sparking renewed excitement . 
 `` you 'll make a good vamp when sofie figures this all out . '' 
 and out of nowhere , a heavy cloud obscured my happiness . 
 nausea . 
 elation . 
 despair . 
 my emotions , bound to a yo-yo . 
 `` i would n't hold out hope , '' i muttered . 
 `` i have to , '' he whispered , lifting his hands to caress my cheek . 
 `` i ca n't last without you . 
 i do n't want to ... '' i pressed my ear against his heart , dreaming about what it sounded like when caden had been human . 
 solid and strong , like he was . 
 a hand ruffled my hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have brought it up . 
 i do n't want to spoil this for you . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head . 
 we lay in silence for a long moment as i luxuriated in the feel of my skin against his . 
 `` nice boots , '' he said out of the blue . 
 i glanced over to my clothes , strewn across the floor . 
 `` a gift from amelie . 
 she put them under the tree before she tried to kill me ... '' `` hmm ... maybe you should put them on . 
 now . '' 
 i could n't stop the whine from creeping into my voice . 
 `` i do n't want to go back there yet . '' 
 `` we do n't have to just yet ... '' `` well , then ... '' i lifted my head to look at him . 
 `` why do you want me dressed ? '' 
 a tiny but fierce spark of insecurity grabbed hold . 
 flames danced in his pupils . 
 `` i do n't want you dressed . 
 i just want you to put your boots on . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 heat exploded in my cheeks . 
 `` well ... '' two could play this game . 
 taking a deep breath , casting away all timidity , i stretched out to grab one , goosebumps instantly flaring over my entire body from the chill . 
 sliding my hand inside the boot 's inner pocket , i pulled out the dagger . 
 `` they 're perfect for hiding things . '' 
 i held the knife to caden 's neck in a teasing way . 
 `` put out or else . '' 
 with a throaty chuckle , he leaned in , letting the blade push into the tender skin of his neck . 
 my hand recoiled , my face marred with horror . 
 that earned a bellow of laughter . 
 `` i 'm definitely questioning my choice in christmas gifts now , '' he said , peeling my fingers from the handle . 
 he pulled me back down against him forcefully . 
 `` i love you , '' i blurted out and then realized it was the first time i 'd ever said those words to him out loud . 
 i had meant to a thousand times and yet ... now , though , it was time . 
 i heard the sound of my dagger clatter against the floor as he tossed it away . 
 his hands gently cupped the sides of my face as he lowered my lips to his , our mouths finding each other , as if they were a matched set . 
 `` so ... , '' he murmured , suddenly somber , `` about that demand . '' 
 *** `` wraith is going to freak out when he realizes you 're not in the bathroom , '' caden stated , his fingers resting on the small of my back . 
 i felt his adam 's apple bob against my forehead as he swallowed . 
 `` i do n't care , '' i grumbled childishly . 
 `` you will care when he 's handing you your toilet paper from now on . 
 and it 's going to be hard to explain to bishop why i needed to sneak you away . '' 
 too quickly , back to reality . 
 i swallowed my sadness . 
 `` what are you going to tell him ? '' 
 caden heaved a sigh of frustration . 
 `` i do n't know , evie . 
 this is so messed up . 
 he 's my best friend and i want to put him through a wall every time he looks at you . 
 things are getting so damn compli - '' suddenly , caden 's body went rigid . 
 i knew before he told me . 
 he rolled off the blankets and was pulling his jeans on before i could register his movements . 
 `` get dressed . 
 quickly , '' he ordered , yanking on his shirt . 
 the moment was gone . 
 our brief , intimate time together-incredible and surreal-dissolved as my snare tightened . 
 i would do anything , give anything , swear anything , to freeze time for another hour so i could rest on caden 's broad chest and listen to his voice lull me into false safety . 
 i was up in a heartbeat , resentfully yanking my sweater over my head , not wanting wraith to find me lying naked in a pile of blankets and animal pelts . 
 or bishop ... that familiar gnawing of guilt attacked my insides with renewed strength . 
 seeing me here with caden would send bishop spiraling back to that dark world of misery and pain , tarnishing his false memories of our make-believe relationship . 
 but then i 'd be free from another lie . 
 suddenly , selfishly , a part of me ached for bishop to walk through that door . 
 this whole nightmare circus would be over and i could go back to being with caden again . 
 until i killed him ... caden swept up the suspicious mess of blankets and threw them into a corner behind the wood stove . 
 i barely had the zipper to my jeans pulled up before the door splintered open , bringing with it a gust of wind and snow . 
 and wraith . 
 soulless blue orbs rolled over me-calm , unperturbed , void of all emotion-so inhuman . 
 they locked on caden and i could almost see the order register in his head . 
 enemy . 
 attack . 
 kill . 
 behind wraith , four wolves and max watched curiously . 
 i briefly wondered what they thought of this . 
 then i realized i did n't care . 
 my demon guardian began closing the gap between him and caden , arm outstretched , his long fingers stretching forward like deadly tentacles . 
 i dove in between them and slapped his hand away . 
 `` i waited for you by the bathroom , '' he stated with what might have been a glare , if his normal look could be any more sinister . 
 `` sorry , '' i grumbled , peeking over his shoulder in search of bishop . 
 when i did n't see him , my guilty conscience swelled with relief . 
 `` i waited and then realized that you were not in the bathroom anymore . '' 
 he stopped talking , waiting . 
 waiting for what ? 
 what could i say ? 
 apologies meant nothing . 
 and was i sorry ? 
 no . 
 not for a single second would i feel sorry . 
 `` there are a million other bathrooms you could 've used . 
 you did n't have to wait for mine , '' i offered with a slap-worthy smirk . 
 `` i do not require the use of restrooms , '' wraith explained in all seriousness , not getting the sarcasm . 
 i shook my head with annoyance . 
 max finally sauntered past wraith into the outpost , the floorboards creaking under his paws . 
 some of us are n't dead idiots , you know ... you ca n't just take off like that ! 
 do you know how close wraith was to killing every single one of us in that place , looking for you ? 
 unlike wraith 's monotonous tone , max was perceptibly upset . 
 guilt tightened around my already fragile heart . 
 i knew wraith would feel nothing beyond his call of duty . 
 i had n't thought of max and the others . 
 i thought of no one but myself . 
 selfish , selfish , selfish . 
 no-no ! 
 i had n't just `` taken off . '' 
 this was n't just a whim . 
 this was my life . 
 caden was my life and all of these lies were suffocating me ! 
 i quashed the guilt with a bolt of anger , gritting my teeth defiantly . 
 `` where 's bishop ? '' 
 caden asked . 
 `` i 'm surprised he 's not with you . '' 
 gone , max answered . 
 the word screamed with wrongness . 
 `` what do you mean gone , max ? '' 
 my voice cracked and suddenly all kinds of thoughts whirled , making me clutch my stomach in panic . 
 had he seen us ? 
 had he figured it out ? 
 i felt the blood seep from my face and i had to take a step back to lean on caden . 
 `` what 'd he say , eve ? 
 tell me , '' caden whispered , his hand closing over my shoulder , squeezing reassuringly . 
 he just took off , max explained . 
 `` he just took off ? 
 where ? 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` you let him leave ? '' 
 i mean he 's gone ! 
 one minute he was there , and the next he was gone . 
 like you ! 
 before i could push for more information , caden lifted me into his arms and ran out the doorway , yelling , `` see you back at the house ! '' 
 it felt like only seconds before we were back in the glass room , finding it empty except for julian and amelie . 
 a heavy-pawed max was right behind us . 
 thankfully wraith could n't match their speed . 
 `` where 's bishop ? '' 
 caden asked coolly , all business . 
 anguish blemished amelie 's perfect features . 
 `` he remembered fiona ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 i gasped at the sound of her name-fiona . 
 the forbidden name . 
 `` and then he ran screaming out of here . 
 mage went after him . 
 that was over an hour ago . '' 
 an hour . 
 not long after i had gone into the bathroom and disappeared . 
 my blood ran cold . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 amelie was hysterical . 
 julian 's hands rested on her shoulders , trying to soothe her . 
 i turned to caden . 
 `` who could have told him ? '' 
 his face had to equal mine in shock . 
 `` there 's no one left except a couple of wolves , and they do n't know about fiona . 
 did you see what he was doing before you left ? '' 
 i frowned , squeezing the bridge of my nose as i tried to remember what had gone on before caden kidnapped me from the bathroom . 
 `` think , evangeline ! '' 
 caden pushed . 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 we were sitting down here , '' i said as i walked over to the couch , retracing my steps from earlier . 
 the victoria 's secret box holding the provocative pink lace lay on the cushion , exactly where i 'd left it . 
 `` i opened his present and i got up to go to the washroom ... '' i mimicked my motions , sitting down in the exact spot . 
 then i stood and took several exaggerated steps in the same direction i had earlier , my eyes scanning the area . 
 a sparkle on the floor caught my attention . 
 i stopped . 
 and gasped . 
 `` oh no , no , no , no , '' i moaned as i dove to where sofie 's gift lay , now cracked open . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 sofie 's note finally made sense . 
 full of those who love you . 
 it was n't cryptic . 
 it could n't be more obvious . 
 `` no , no , no ... '' i pried the locket open the rest of the way to find four tiny pictures inside , with an inner leaf for two of them . 
 my fingers shook as i flipped through them . 
 one of sofie , one of my mother , one of caden , and the last ... a picture of fiona , amelie , and me , smiling . 
 `` i did n't know ! '' 
 i yelled as i looked up at caden , the evidence displayed in the palm of my hand . 
 caden 's hands pushed back into his hair . 
 `` this is a disaster . 
 we need sofie . 
 now . '' 
 `` sofie 's gone too , '' amelie answered , her lip trembling . 
 caden 's hands dropped to his sides with a loud slap , his face filled with incredulity . 
 `` and where the hell is she gone to now ? '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` mage is pretty sure she went to see the fates , '' amelie said . 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` to see them ? '' 
 i did n't think that was possible ... `` and when will she be back ? '' 
 caden asked , his voice rigid and unimpressed . 
 after a long pause , amelie 's mouth twisted into a frown . 
 `` mage does n't know . 
 possibly ... never . '' 
 her words sliced through me . 
 sofie ... gone . 
 just like that . 
 no warning , no goodbye . 
 nothing . 
 `` how could she risk that ? '' 
 i cried out . 
 but i already knew the answer . 
 she was risking everything to fix me . 
 the room started to spin . 
 bishop , gone ... mage , gone ... sofie , gone . 
 no . 
 not sofie . 
 not yet ! 
 sofie was my one constant in all of this . 
 always there , always caring , always trustworthy , even when her actions appeared counterintuitive . 
 `` so what do we do now ? '' 
 i asked , hunching into a ball on the ground , my voice hollow . 
 `` do you think mage can catch bishop ? '' 
 julian asked , wary eyes on caden , as if unsure that he should make his presence known after the earlier bathroom incident . 
 `` i do n't know ... bishop 's fast , '' amelie answered . 
 `` bishop 's fast when he 's not possessed , '' caden added . 
 `` now ? 
 faster . 
 way faster . '' 
 terrible scenarios cycled through my head . 
 what if bishop killed a bunch of innocent people to get away ? 
 what if mage had to seriously hurt him to stop him ? 
 but worst ... `` what if bishop makes it to manhattan ? '' 
 i heard myself ask . 
 `` he ca n't get into the building , '' caden assured me , pulling me toward him . 
 `` no , but ... '' my brain wracked the possibilities . 
 `` he could ... torch it ! '' 
 as soon as the words came out of my mouth , i was positive that 's exactly what he 'd do . 
 `` then the witches will have to come out and he would kill them , '' caden countered without missing a beat . 
 `` that would n't be the worst thing . '' 
 my head was already shaking . 
 `` no , it 's too dangerous for veronique . '' 
 `` but veronique is safe in a stone statue , '' amelie turned to stare at me , eyes narrowed . 
 `` right ? '' 
 i shifted my weight , my latest deception unmasked . 
 `` no ... she 's out . '' 
 what ? 
 when did this happen ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? 
 max hammered me with a barrage of questions that i could n't focus on , given the volume of amelie 's voice . 
 `` out ? '' 
 amelie repeated . 
 `` as in , not safe ... not in the statue ? '' 
 my head spinning , i put my hands up to silence them all . 
 first , max . 
 `` i 've known for a long time , max . 
 since the jungle . 
 i could 've told you , i guess . 
 i just did n't want you worrying . 
 or doing something stupid like running off to new york and getting yourself killed . '' 
 turning to amelie , i said , `` that 's right . 
 no one else knew except caden . 
 not sofie , not viggo , or mortimer or mage ... '' in the moment of silence that followed , i explained what happened when the tribe spell took effect , how i had an out-of-body experience . 
 `` wow , so ... that means she 's been their prisoner all this time ? '' 
 amelie said slowly . 
 `` do we even know if she 's still alive ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i bit my bottom lip while i gathered the courage to divulge my last bit of deceit . 
 the last bit before i was completely free . 
 `` i connect with her in my sleep every night . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 caden and max 's combined explosion made me jump . 
 `` i was about to tell you ! '' 
 i said to caden , my cheeks flushing , `` but wraith found us too soon . '' 
 he answered me with a stern glare . 
 `` why did n't you tell me before ? 
 i mean , god ! '' 
 his hands flew above his head . 
 then he froze , remembering something . 
 his nostrils flared . 
 `` that night . 
 the one where you woke up screaming . 
 complaining about fire . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` they 're torturing her and i feel it when i 'm there . '' 
 caden closed the distance . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 the sudden iciness of his voice threw me off balance . 
 i turned away , unable to face his anger . 
 `` i was afraid you 'd tell sofie and then she 'd fly there and start a war . 
 i figured two people suffering was better than millions . 
 they 've stopped torturing her , anyway . 
 they must 've realized she 's more useful alive than dead . '' 
 pulling my face to his chest in a nurturing hug . 
 `` oh my god , eve ! 
 you could 've told me ! 
 i get why you did n't tell anyone but come on ! '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i did tell someone . 
 i told lilly . '' 
 caden 's body went rigid . 
 `` you told her and not me ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` because she 's in manhattan now and she 's going to help us get veronique out ! '' 
 amelie dropped to the couch in defeat . 
 `` how ? 
 the place is fully bound by magic . 
 no one 's getting in there . '' 
 i watched a thought unfurl on her face . 
 she turned to somewhere behind me . 
 `` except him . '' 
 i looked over my shoulder to find wraith standing in the doorway . 
 he must have just gotten there . 
 he did n't have superhuman speed . 
 he took his time before he sucked the life out of people . 
 but amelie was right ! 
 wraith was immune to magic . 
 wraith was unstoppable . 
 the only problem ? 
 he would n't go anywhere without me . 
 but he did n't have to ... `` and me . 
 i can get in there . '' 
 i could do something . 
 all this time , i thought i was helpless in getting veronique out . 
 but , for once , i was n't a weak , useless human . 
 with this tribe magic coursing through me , no witch 's magic could touch me . 
 i was like wraith in that way . 
 almost dead . 
 `` and me , '' i heard julian 's voice behind me . 
 i turned to see julian 's slow smile building . 
 `` let me help . 
 i can help . 
 not only will their magic not affect me but i can get in with my tattoo . '' 
 tattoo ? 
 what tattoo ? 
 max suddenly chirped . 
 oh , crap . 
 `` nothing , max . '' 
 caden exploded before max had a chance to question further . 
 `` are you two nuts ? 
 we 're not sending evangeline in there ! 
 she 's not immortal , remember ? 
 she 'll die ! '' 
 `` if we do n't get veronique out of there before they do something drastic , no one is safe . 
 no one at all , caden , '' i reminded him softly . 
 `` think of what viggo and mortimer will do if the witches kill her . '' 
 he began to shake his head but i was already talking again , my jaw set defiantly and a huge weight lifted off my chest as i committed myself to what i knew was right . 
 `` i 'm not asking you . 
 i 'm not asking anyone . 
 i can do this . 
 i did n't realize it before but now that i know , i have to do this . 
 i need to do this for veronique and for myself . 
 because i want to , not because i 'm cursed to . '' 
 caden turned away from me . 
 i ignored him , instead turning to amelie . 
 `` how are we going to get there ? '' 
 with a dismissive wave of her hand , she simply said , `` easy . '' 
 wraith spoke up then , unruffled by anything . 
 `` where will we be going ? '' 
 i felt my pulse quicken . 
 back to the start of it all . 
 `` back to new york . '' 
 13 . 
 playing games-sofie soothing , rhythmic waves lapped around me as i regained consciousness . 
 i lay on my back , my body rising and falling as if floating over waves , my body enveloped in a tropical warmth . 
 such peace . 
 i allowed myself a moment to relish the calm , gazing up at a mass of blue sky . 
 a seagull squawked in the distance . 
 its mate immediately responded , bringing to life memories of a childhood on the beach in southern france , baking under the sun without a care . 
 i sighed ... the fates . 
 awareness ripped through me . 
 i was on my feet in an instant , suspicious eyes scanning surroundings for the immediate threat . 
 i saw none . 
 i was alone in an ocean-crystal blue water stretching as far as the eye could see in every direction , barren except for the sheets of ice floating by at unnatural speeds . 
 sheets of ice in balmy temperatures . 
 my first clue that something was off . 
 on sheer instinct , i looked down at my feet to find soft ripples of water and my own disheveled reflection staring back at me . 
 i was standing on water ! 
 i pawed the back of my shirt . 
 bone-dry . 
 not one inch of me touched by water , though i had just floated on top of it . 
 hesitating briefly , i took a step forward . 
 then another . 
 tiny circular waves formed around my feet as i walked but the water 's surface held . 
 a tiny awed smile crept over my lips . 
 just below the water 's surface , rapid swirling movement caught my attention . 
 i leaned down to catch a flurry of fins moving past . 
 sharks . 
 more sharks than i had ever seen in one place , schooling together in a circular whirl as if preparing for a feeding frenzy . 
 circling below me . 
 i chuckled . 
 the fates were testing my fear of oversized fish ? 
 did they forget i 'm not human ? 
 a crackling sound drew my attention back up above the surface . 
 wisps of lead-colored smoke materialized off the sheets of ice , quickly forming into a dense , noxious fog . 
 up , up it rose , stretching to cloak the peaceful blue sky , turning the atmosphere hostile . 
 where the wisps of smoke had materialized on the ice , sparks of green and blue now flickered . 
 i watched as they swiftly matured into a wild inferno of colorful flames , skittering over the surface of the ice . 
 it reminded me of a choreographed fireworks spectacle and i smiled , half expecting an ensemble of violins to join in the display . 
 the dark haze vanished , taking with it the ocean and the ice formations . 
 instead , a vast , dusty wasteland of withered plants and arid ochre soil stretched without bounds . 
 the sky hung in an unappealing reddish hue . 
 nothing flew by . 
 nothing crawled . 
 nothing lived . 
 even the cacti-made to withstand the most barren environment-were brown and shriveled . 
 i began to walk through the desert , waiting for the next oddity to take shape . 
 but nothing came . 
 and so i walked , feeling the atmosphere leeching moisture out of my body . 
 soon , my tongue began to work against the roof of my mouth . 
 for a human , this was the beginning of dehydration , requiring vats of water . 
 for a vampire , this meant only one thing . 
 blood thirst . 
 a dangerous phase to be in should a human suddenly appear ... the air grew denser and drier , until it was compressing my lungs , making it hard to ... breathe ? 
 i opened my mouth and felt the draw of the atmosphere pour into those useless masses in my chest that once kept my mortal self alive . 
 i was breathing ! 
 for the first time in a hundred and twenty years , i was desperate for air ! 
 in ... out ... in ... out ... large , long drags through my nose , into my lungs . 
 i continued on , my footsteps lighter , bouncier . 
 a few strands of hair flew up to tickle my nose as the beginnings of a welcome breeze took shape , carrying with it a tranquil sensation . 
 it was so calming , so soft , caressing my cheek , reminding me of meadows and children 's laughter ... the tranquility vanished in a heartbeat as a wall of sand and grit slammed into my side , forcing me down to my knees . 
 i cowered with my head buried in my arms , flinching as grit whipped at my skin , like a thousand wasp stings . 
 out of nothing rose a deafening screech , a loud , high-pitched engine sound . 
 at first i ignored it , content to hide my face . 
 but it only grew louder , angrier , until i could n't ignore it , convinced that i was about to be pulverized by a speeding freight train . 
 forcing my head up , teeth gritted , eyes opened , i expected to kiss a metal train grill . 
 the instant my eyelids lifted , though , the wind and sound vanished . 
 there was no train . 
 there was nothing but a strange hissing sound and a wall of dark gray wind rotating furiously ten feet in front of me . 
 behind me . 
 all around me . 
 tipping my head back , i saw the tunnel rise all the way into the sky . 
 a tornado . 
 i was standing motionless in the eye of a tornado . 
 not a hair on me shifted , even as the deadly force embraced me in a cocoon of particles and shriveled plants , as it spun at speeds powerful enough to toss a car like a toddler tosses its toy . 
 closer and closer the dark wall came , tightening around me , the powerful mass now within arm 's reach . 
 this was n't normal . 
 this is not what a tornado did . 
 this tornado was alive , and morphing . 
 it was going to swallow me whole . 
 never one to suffer from claustrophobia , something about the uncontrollable chaos unnerved me . 
 do n't panic . 
 do n't panic . 
 reaching inside , i began plucking threads of my magic . 
 i shrieked as invisible hands ripped at the flesh and muscle that kept me whole . 
 it was as if my own helix strands were retaliating against me . 
 i crumbled to the ground in agony . 
 agony like nothing i had ever encountered before , and i knew pain . 
 i 'd had more than my share of being scalded , skewered , stabbed , shot , and tortured a dozen different ways . 
 none compared to this . 
 this was sweeping and excruciating to my core . 
 clenching my teeth until i thought they would crack , panting in pain , i peered down at my arms , almost expecting them to drop to the ground . 
 why were the fates punishing me like this ? 
 why bring me here to drag on this torture ? 
 and then it dawned on me . 
 it was to demonstrate their divine power . 
 they were showing me the force i was up against . 
 i was a simple organism next to them . 
 a feeble nothing . 
 they controlled all ; they granted all . 
 next to them , i was but a mortal . 
 how dare i use my magic to counter what they were conjuring ? 
 as if my thoughts triggered relief , the tornado vanished along with my agony , leaving me hunched over in a small pile on the dirt , disoriented and unbalanced . 
 taking a deep breath , i lifted my head , preparing myself for the next exhibition . 
 the next test . 
 my eyes met white . 
 all was white . 
 like a psychiatric ward , only there were no decipherable walls or ceiling or floor . 
 no doors . 
 i was sitting inside a two-dimensional blank canvas and the artist had n't begun yet . 
 a shimmer somewhere off in the distance grabbed my eye . 
 a tiny ripple of light-like a tear in the canvas-broke through . 
 then another ... and another . 
 all around me , shimmers of light appeared and grew closer until my surroundings undulated like sunlight glimmering on a thousand diamonds . 
 out of these iridescent waves floated four forms with no discernible features . 
 they glided forward and began to take shape . 
 my environment morphed yet again . 
 i was no longer crouching in a white nothingness . 
 i was now perched on a round marble pedestal , maybe a foot in diameter and the axis of a shallow , round vessel , divided in four equal sections by short walls . 
 each section brimmed with tiny glass marbles . 
 a forest of peculiar trees outside of the vessel had appeared in the seconds that my eyes were focused on the glass marbles . 
 the trees were the size of enormous ancient oaks , their canopies sprawling , only their trunks were made of a crystalized substance . 
 i gazed in awe at the perfectly round , stiff leaves of kaleidoscopic colors hanging from the branches . 
 though no breeze touched the air , they shifted and glistened in the sunlight . 
 sunlight from not one but seven glowing masses above . 
 ferns with the same kaleidoscopic leaves covered the forest floor , looking all the more bizarre given the glimpses of lush green grass peeking out from beneath . 
 a crunching sound attracted my attention to the left , to a grove where a pair of deer grazed on the fern leaves , seemingly unbothered by the unusual texture of their meal . 
 i could 've spent hours mesmerized by the peculiarities around me-the two-headed owl settled on a crystal branch , the patch of rainbow-colored four-leaf clovers , two squirrels prancing along the ground on their hind feet , holding hands as a loving couple would-but the four figures now standing beyond the bowl were more than enough to occupy my attention . 
 two men , two women , dressed in gauzy white gowns . 
 that much i could tell . 
 they had the typical human traits-noses , eyes , limbs-but there was nothing typical about them . 
 four sets of perfectly round irises like stained glass windows studied me as i stared back at them . 
 their noses were long and excessively narrow , their lips thin and wide and tinged with blue , their cheekbones high and angular . 
 they all had identical long blond hair , only the strands looked like spun gold and floated around their shoulders as if immersed in water . 
 these creatures were both hideous and hypnotically beautiful . 
 the fates . 
 one of the females stepped forward , her soft white gown billowing around her . 
 `` you called ? '' 
 i shivered at the sound of her high-pitched voice , like chimes in the wind . 
 i cleared my throat , buying myself some time . 
 my mind was a pool of scrambled questions , and grievances . 
 i had n't thought this through . 
 i had n't ever expected this chance . 
 now that i had it , what did i say ? 
 `` my name is - '' `` sofie , '' all four finished in unison in that same fluid sound . 
 my lips pressed together as i silently admonished myself . 
 of course they know your name ! 
 but , then again , they would also know why i 'm here , would n't they ? 
 `` to ask us to reverse our answers , '' the speaker answered . 
 an inkling of worry lanced me . 
 can she read my mind ? 
 `` yes ... '' a smile stretched those thin lips . 
 my breath caught as i took a turn around the circle , studying the rest of the faces , all similarly peculiar . 
 can they all read my mind ? 
 `` yes , '' the chorus of voices confirmed , their laughter ringing out again , their brows arching into half-moons . 
 were they enjoying this ? 
 bile rose in my throat . 
 i hated having anyone in my head . 
 i had despised nathan for it when i was human and i loved him ! 
 now i had all four of them dissecting my thoughts . 
 i felt my shoulders hunch under their inspection . 
 in my world , i was at the top of the food chain . 
 here , though , in their arena , i was a vulnerable , weak mortal ... and a sitting target , balanced on this pedestal , i realized , as i surveyed my situation again . 
 `` would you mind if i come out of this bowl so we can talk ? '' 
 i kept my voice controlled as i peered down at the marbles again . 
 they were n't typical marbles , i could see that now . 
 i squinted to get a closer look . 
 some had swirls of burnt orange and red , others were a pale yellow , and others brown . 
 but the ones with small patches of green , blue , and wisps of white swirling around caught my eye . 
 there was no mistaking what these little balls were now . 
 tiny worlds ! 
 my jaw dropped as i scanned over the giant vessel , at all the tiny worlds resting there . 
 there had to be thousands ! 
 `` yours is here . '' 
 the female fate pulled a blue and green ball out of her pocket and held it up between her index finger and thumb . 
 my heart jumped as she tossed it up in the air and deftly caught it , as if it were no more precious than a quarter . 
 with a toothy grin displaying slightly elongated canines , she slid the tiny orb back into her pocket and gestured with a hand . 
 `` come forward , please , but be careful . 
 these worlds are fragile . '' 
 to demonstrate , one of the male fates leaned into the vessel and picked up a marble . 
 holding one hand below the other , he squeezed the tiny ball between his fingers . 
 i heard a soft popping sound and then watched dust drop to his outstretched hand . 
 he obliterated a world . 
 a world of living , breathing , loving humans . 
 little boys and girls , devoted families , the innocent . 
 just like that . 
 i gaped at him , trying to quash my rising alarm . 
 if he could do that to a world without a blink of an eye ... `` does that bother you ? '' 
 his brow quirked as if genuinely surprised . 
 `` but there are so many others , '' he offered , passing his hand in a sweeping direction over the other worlds . 
 when i did n't give him an answer , he closed the outstretched hand that held the destroyed world dust and reopened it to show the tiny world perfectly whole once again . 
 `` very well then , '' he said and placed the tiny ball back into the pit . 
 we are all-powerful . 
 that 's what they were telling me . 
 they could give life and take it away , and give it back again . 
 with the clench of a fist , a quiver of a thought , a sour mood . 
 i looked down again at the bowl before me . 
 with my vampire traits , i could sail over these worlds with no effort . 
 but i was certain those traits were paralyzed here . 
 without them , i would crush dozens of planets , kill billions of creatures with an awkward shift of a toe . 
 would the fates recreate them if i did ? 
 my eyes grazed over their expressionless faces , harder to read than an ancient script . 
 they were reading my thoughts right now . 
 they could answer me if they wanted to , to alleviate my worry , and yet they did n't answer . 
 they would n't give even a hint . 
 no , i 'd stay right where i was . 
 `` we wondered when you would request an audience with us , '' another of them said . 
 `` we so rarely grant them . '' 
 `` request ... that 's one way to put it , '' i answered sarcastically , adding , `` why 'd you do it ? '' 
 the fate with earth in her pocket smiled . 
 `` because you are special . '' 
 my head cocked in surprise , not expecting that answer . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 she did n't answer my question . 
 instead , she asked one of her own . 
 `` do you not wonder why you are so powerful ? 
 where your magic comes from ? 
 why you can do things with ease that other sorceresses seem unable to even consider ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i answered truthfully . 
 countless times , in fact . 
 but i 'd always shrugged it off as the result of being more experimental than the typical witch . 
 reckless , nathan used to call me ... a ring of laughter surrounded me , like a melodious tune carried in a breeze . 
 `` you are reckless . '' 
 she was reading my mind again . 
 the female with earth stepped forward , bare toes sliding under the tiny worlds . 
 they spilled and rolled off her feet and ankles as she slipped through , unconcerned about breaking any of them . 
 `` but you are also unique . '' 
 her hands lifted to her chest in meaning . 
 `` i gave you your extraordinary power ... my child . '' 
 those last two words slammed into me , almost knocking me off my pedestal and my mouth struggled to form words . 
 in reality , if she considered herself a god , then she 'd consider all people her children , and yet a stir in my gut told me there was more to it than that . 
 `` yes , '' she crooned , answering my thoughts . 
 `` you are my child . 
 one of mine . '' 
 `` no ... , '' i responded slowly , straining to grab hold of flashes of a pretty auburn-haired french lady taking a wire brush to my own red locks . 
 mama ... such a gentle , young woman ... `` she was merely a vessel , '' the fate answered , her voice turning icy cold . 
 `` a vessel who gave birth to me and raised me ? 
 whose genes and eyes and nose i share ? '' 
 i threw back , anger sharpening my tone over her disrespect for mama . 
 the fate smiled as i would imagine a mother smiling at her four-year-old child when she said something silly . 
 `` you are my child . 
 i chose you . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why did you choose me ? '' 
 another round of melodious laughter . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 a spike of irritation raced through me . 
 i was n't going to get a straight answer from them , and yet this was my only chance to get any answers . 
 i decided to probe differently , even though it was futile given they could read my mind . 
 `` all four of you gave it to me ? 
 or just one of you ? '' 
 the fate cocked her head to the right . 
 `` numbers are subjective , are n't they ? '' 
 in the blink of an eye , the group of four fates multiplied into dozens of long-haired forms . 
 i blinked and shook my head to focus . 
 when i did , they now numbered in the hundreds . 
 then , just as quickly , they all vanished , leaving only four . 
 i worked hard to school my expression . 
 `` neat parlor trick . '' 
 awe and annoyance competed for my attention . 
 if my attitude bothered them , they did n't let on . 
 with a stone-faced gesture , she pointed to the man to her left . 
 `` meet incendia . '' 
 i felt my brow furrow as i translated the word . 
 it was familiar . 
 latin . 
 incendia ... that means ... a flaming rope lashed toward me from the male fate 's fingertips , quickly coiling around my arms , snaking over my torso , until my entire body was engulfed in flame . 
 before i had a chance to scream , the flames disappeared . 
 `` fire ... '' i finished my thought as a gasp , swallowing my panic . 
 `` this is ventus , '' she continued , pointing to the other female fate next to incendia . 
 i looked to ventus to see only a tiny smile before her body twisted and morphed into a miniature tornadic funnel . 
 she slammed into me , lifting me off my feet , that deafening freight train sound filling my ears again . 
 as with incendia before , the funnel suddenly disappeared , dropping me safely onto my circular platform . 
 `` wind , '' i translated for myself . 
 `` unda is behind you . '' 
 i barely turned before a giant wall of water crashed into me , sending me flying backwards , flipping head over heels as if caught in the base of a waterfall . 
 i sensed my body plummet to the depths of the universe with no hope of resurface . 
 in another instant , i was standing on my feet on the platform again , not an inch of me damp . 
 i only just had time to gather my bearings before a mountain of soil rained down on me from above , entombing me , cutting off all access to the oxygen my mortal shape required . 
 i waited for the soil to vanish . 
 i prayed for it to vanish . 
 just when i thought i 'd met my breaking point , just when i was sure i would pass out from lack of oxygen , the dirt fell away to reveal the female fate once again . 
 `` and i am terra , '' she stated , with the tiny globe in her hand again . 
 earth ... with a bead of sweat running down my back , i appraised all four of them again . 
 fire , wind , water , earth . 
 the four elements . 
 they were what magic embodied . 
 all powerful . 
 all deadly . 
 and based on their greetings , all violent . 
 i paused to calm my nerves . 
 `` so there are four of you ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` perhaps . 
 perhaps not . '' 
 perhaps four fates . 
 two female , two male ... `` do not dare label us , '' terra warned , crispness in her voice as she plucked thoughts out of my head . 
 `` we can be whatever we want , whomever we want . 
 we are n't bound by your laws . '' 
 instantly , the four of them morphed and eight scaly , enormous dragons appeared in their place , kaleidoscopic snake eyes watching me with evil intent , as puffs of flame escaped their nostrils . 
 `` you 're ... , '' i began to speak and they quickly morphed into four different creatures : incendia , a bear ; ventus , a mermaid ; unda , a gigantic tarantula ; and terra , an alienlike creature . 
 all different , but all maintaining those same variegated eyes through their transformations . 
 they are whatever they want to be , i surmised . 
 how would i get information from such evasive creatures ? 
 i decided on a fairly simple and unobtrusive question . 
 `` when did you give me my powers ? '' 
 terra twisted her lips as if deciding how to answer , or if she would answer . 
 `` on your fourteenth birthday , '' she finally confirmed . 
 fourteen . 
 i remembered that birthday well . 
 by breakfast , i was exploding cups and saucers without thought . 
 by dinner i accidently set fire to the neighbor 's barn . 
 within days , my powers rivaled the most advanced of my classmates . 
 in weeks , my tutors . 
 `` and what were you hoping to accomplish by giving them to me ? '' 
 `` accomplish ? '' 
 terra chuckled . 
 `` there is nothing to accomplish . 
 there just ... is . 
 we just ... are . '' 
 i scowled , earning a giggle from unda , her face alight with excitement over my frustration . 
 `` why did you come here ? 
 to play games or to ask us for help ? '' 
 incendia demanded to know , crossing long lean arms over his chest . 
 play games ? 
 they were the ones playing games ! 
 i breathed in through my nose , held it for a moment in my lungs , and then pushed it back out . 
 `` you know exactly why i came . 
 why did you bring me here ? '' 
 `` we do not answer questions . 
 we give answers , '' he barked in response and my head jerked to one side with the force of his tone , as if he somehow slapped me . 
 any rational person should be on their knees , begging for mercy . 
 i had lost my ability to be rational long ago . 
 `` no answers ? 
 not even for your special person ? '' 
 i retorted , my mouth twisting sourly . 
 incendia scoffed . 
 `` you are terra 's , not mine . '' 
 so they each had their own ` chosen ones . ' 
 `` come now , '' terra said soothingly , a smile on her face as she spoke to her counterparts . 
 `` we may as well give her something . 
 she 's given us so much . '' 
 what the hell have i ever given them ? 
 terra turned to me , smiling in response . 
 her arms fanned out over the bowl of worlds . 
 `` what have you given us ? 
 a break from this monotony ! 
 these worlds , '' she reached down , scooping up a handful , `` so many , and all the same ! 
 the same requests , the same wishes , the same pleading ... '' she said , shaking her head as she tossed the worlds back in . 
 popping sounds filled the air as they crashed into others , breaking apart . 
 destroying life . 
 destroying existence ... i forced that sick feeling in my gut down , focusing on my own needs . 
 information . 
 respite . 
 `` and how have i done that ? '' 
 `` by being you ! 
 reckless , stubborn , persistent sofie ! '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 terra began walking around the semicircle , passing each of the other elements as she spoke , her hand waving across the vessel . 
 `` we govern over existence . 
 each of us has a universe . '' 
 the dividers in the wheel-they now made sense ! 
 four quarters , four fates , four universes . 
 `` that 's right , '' terra explained . 
 `` each one of these universes is identical . 
 each one has a planet just like yours . '' 
 four universes , four planets . 
 that meant there was n't just one parallel planet to earth . 
 there were four ! 
 `` she catches on quickly , '' ventus chimed in , but by the irritation in his voice , i do n't think he saw that as a good thing . 
 `` four versions of the same world times how many worlds ... '' terra continued , ignoring him . 
 `` do n't think you are unique or clever , or somehow you wish for things that others do not . 
 the same spells come to us , over and over again . 
 immortality , wealth , beauty , youth , revenge ... '' `` blah , blah , blah , '' unda droned . 
 `` wrath , greed , sloth , pride , lust , envy , and gluttony . 
 the seven sins-over and over again . 
 you 're such dull creatures . 
 it becomes ... '' `` tedious after a while . '' 
 terra completed her circle around the bowl , ending where she began to finish unda 's sentence . 
 `` and you must answer them all ? '' 
 `` no ... not in the least . '' 
 `` so ... why do n't you just ignore the requests , if they 're so tedious ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` yes , we do much of the time . 
 but we ca n't ignore all . 
 what else would we do , then ? '' 
 with hands widespread over the bowl and orbs focused , terra stated , `` this is our purpose . '' 
 my head was spinning by now . 
 i 'm sure there was a simpler way to explain all this . 
 `` we maintain equilibrium . 
 where there is life , there must be death . 
 happiness for sadness . 
 love for hate , '' terra explained . 
 `` for whom ? '' 
 terra 's brow quirked , the first sign of confusion i 'd seen from any of them . 
 `` for whom ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 who decided you needed to maintain the equilibrium ? '' 
 again , that bewildered look . 
 `` is there a higher power than the fates ? '' 
 `` we answer to no one ! '' 
 incendia features suddenly tightened into a savage glare . 
 well , i guess that 's a touchy subject . 
 whether there was someone or something higher was still unclear , though i had a feeling perhaps a higher power was in control , beyond these fates . 
 incendia 's eyes narrowed as he read my mind . 
 `` so , you just answer us when you feel like it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 terra smiled . 
 `` more or less . 
 when one of you casts your spell , we decide how that spell will be delivered , how the course of fate will be changed . 
 if it will be changed . '' 
 change the course of fate ... the blood in my veins suddenly sparked . 
 `` yes , about that . '' 
 now i remembered why i was here . 
 what had driven me to demand to see these wretched things . 
 i crossed my arms , leveling terra with a stare . 
 `` i do n't recall asking you to bind a baby to a deadly curse , or resurrect my lover . 
 or kill him in the first place ! '' 
 four arrogant smiles answered me . 
 i wanted to punch them all , but i knew they 'd eviscerate me if i so much as moved . 
 `` the rules are simple , '' terra began . 
 `` listen closely , for we 'll only explain once . 
 if we answer your request , we must do what you wish . 
 how we choose to do so is up to us . 
 that 's part of the fun . '' 
 `` fun ? '' 
 my voice turned shaky . 
 four universes , four games . 
 mage was right . 
 this was all a game ! 
 i was their entertainment ! 
 `` and of course you could n't ever simply give us what we want , '' i added bitterly . 
 bewilderment flashed across terra 's face . 
 `` i suppose we could but ... how monotonous this burden would become for us ! '' 
 `` you killed nathan because you were bored ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 her composure was enough to drive someone off a cliff . 
 `` no ... you killed nathan . 
 remember ? '' 
 rage tore through me . 
 i wanted to leap forward and attack her . 
 i pictured doing it . 
 the picture was immediately obliterated by a wave of crippling pain . 
 my knees buckled and i crumbled to the pedestal , panting as it took its time to subside . 
 `` finished ? '' 
 incendia purred with a wicked smile . 
 `` i am the one who decided to eliminate nathan . 
 that was my twist to the spell . 
 that 's how the game works . 
 each of us has our chosen ones and we can grant the spell but not without council and input from the others . 
 that way , no one is favored . '' 
 `` so , '' i said , still winded from my warning , `` for every causal enchantment i come to you with , you will grant it but not without perverting it into something so skewed from what i asked for , it is more a punishment . 
 to what end ? '' 
 `` we 've already explained that , '' incendia answered coolly . 
 i struggled to my feet . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 that 's right . 
 for your entertainment . '' 
 i spat out each bitter word . 
 `` when will it end ? '' 
 `` when only one chosen is left standing . '' 
 `` so one of you is supporting me while three of you are always trying to break me . '' 
 `` basically , '' ventus answered flatly , shrugging . 
 `` nothing personal . '' 
 yeah , right ... `` and so how many of these ` chosen ones ' are left ? '' 
 `` two , '' unda answered . 
 `` you and incendia 's . '' 
 i 'm in a competition and i do n't even know who my competitors are . 
 a tiny part of me-the aggressive sofie-swelled with pride over being in the final two . 
 whoever this person was , they were important . 
 `` so either i break or yours breaks , '' i surmised . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 incendia shrugged noncommittally . 
 `` we start again . 
 we choose another planet . 
 we find our players , and we begin . '' 
 how many of these `` games '' had they played ? 
 how many worlds destroyed ? 
 `` and earth ? 
 my world ? '' 
 `` we never grant the same request in the exact same way twice . 
 that 's a rule , '' terra began to explain in an authoritative voice . 
 `` but , no matter how we choose to play the game , all paths will lead to one fate . 
 your world will end , my dear sofie . 
 that i can assure you . '' 
 a desperate numb feeling washed over me as i regarded terra more closely . 
 she was both my protector and my punisher . 
 without her gift of choice and her magic , i would not be a vampire . 
 i would have died long ago , buried by nathan . 
 with her gift , i have suffered countless injuries , caused pain to others time and time again . 
 and now they were telling me all of it was hopeless . 
 `` ca n't i buy some more time ? '' 
 i asked , my voice hollow . 
 `` perhaps . 
 perhaps not , '' ventus answered , that caginess back , indicating my time for asking questions had come to an end . 
 `` now that we have given you some information , what is it you want from us ? '' 
 terra asked . 
 what ? 
 seriously ? 
 `` you know exactly what i want ! '' 
 `` yes , we do . 
 but you must ask it and then we will decide how we will grant it . 
 we can not simply interfere with fate at our choosing . 
 we have no autonomous power over the worlds . 
 our only mode of influence is through spellcasters and their requests . '' 
 i hesitated , this piece of information highly interesting . 
 how on earth should i request them to reverse all that they had done ? 
 any request i made would be poisoned seven ways from sunday . 
 the mess could grow more serious than it was today . 
 a thought struck me . 
 `` and if i do n't ? 
 if i just stop casting spells ? 
 this game might never end , right ? '' 
 four expressions turned stony and i realized i had found a loophole . 
 i smiled . 
 if i did n't cast spells , they did n't have a game . 
 if they did n't have a game ... had i found a bargaining chip ? 
 a blur , a shift . 
 suddenly our surroundings changed . 
 i now stood within nathan 's gardens , crisp summer night air drifting across my bare shoulders . 
 out from behind the oak tree stepped a tall , lean , man . 
 my insides melted . 
 nathan . 
 nathan as i remembered him . 
 nathan with chocolate brown irises . 
 nathan who recognized me , loved me ... i pawed the air in front of me , my fingertips searching for his flesh . 
 `` would n't you like nathan back ? '' 
 ventus cooed softly from an unseen location . 
 oh , to have nathan back ... to bury my head in that shoulder , to slip my hands around his neck , along his chest ... to feel his soft lips graze mine again . 
 for a long moment , i did nothing but stare at that beautiful face . 
 it would be so easy to say the words . 
 no , wait ! 
 no , it would n't ! 
 they dangled nathan in front of me but i knew that what i would get would not be nathan . 
 look what they had already done ! 
 no ... i gritted my teeth , fighting against their wicked temptation . 
 like serpents , the fates were using my weakness against me to keep their game moving . 
 i 'm on to you all ! 
 i laughed mirthlessly . 
 `` but you did give him back to me , remember ? 
 with a few extra bad habits . '' 
 my attempt at indifference to wraith came out sounding strangled . 
 i was back on my pedestal , staring at the four of them around the vessel . 
 terra offered a thin smile . 
 `` well , then , what can we offer you , sofie ? 
 would you like your venom back ? 
 would you like to stop this impending war ? '' 
 promises , promises . 
 all just words . 
 words that would be twisted , tainted , mutilated into something grotesque and unrecognizable . 
 gritting my jaw , i shook my head stubbornly but said nothing . 
 again , my surroundings changed in a swirling mist . 
 i now stood in a cold , dark room . 
 i recognized it . 
 it was one of viggo 's cellars . 
 a frail young woman sat huddled in a corner , her dress long-since stained , her arms bruised , her curly brown locks hanging limply around her . 
 `` would you like your sister back in her tomb ? '' 
 unda whispered . 
 i felt the blood drain from my face . 
 i fought my rising panic . 
 it 's not real . 
 it 's not real . 
 they 're desperate . 
 the cell vanished and i was back on the pedestal yet again , facing unda , her mouth warped into a toothy , taunting smile . 
 `` oh , that 's right . 
 you did n't know . 
 your human girl has betrayed you ... '' 14 . 
 yellow eyes and blue prints-evangeline from the outside , all appeared tranquil at viggo 's palace . 
 no indication that the front gates were in shambles , blown up by witches ' fire ; no hint that the scenic atrium was now a rotting battlefield ; no signs that a young woman , guilty only for her choice in lovers , was being tortured mercilessly . 
 but i knew better . 
 i knew because i had seen it firsthand . 
 the second we made the decision to come to new york , ivan called lilly on her cell . 
 she suggested we take kait 's jet . 
 vampires and their private jets ... kait 's jet was smaller and simpler than viggo 's , but it had wings and it got us over the ocean fast-i hoped fast enough that we arrived before bishop . 
 that 's all that i cared about . 
 kait did n't have a flight crew on twenty-four-hour call . 
 amelie quickly remedied that issue by compelling two nearby pilots to abandon their own planes and fly ours . 
 we were in the air in less than an hour and landing in seven-the entire time shared between drifting off to sleep and fighting with caden , amelie , and max over julian and i stepping foot inside that place . 
 shouting turned to pleading turned to whining . 
 caden even tried persuading wraith on the perils of me entering those gates . 
 it did n't work , thankfully . 
 i was noticing that wraith did n't forbid me anything ; he simply ensured he was one step ahead of me to destroy any potential threat . 
 there were twenty of us stationed on the tenth floor of a condominium complex across the street from viggo 's . 
 it was a nice , modest space with functional living room furniture and a large table covered with blueprints . 
 lilly had purchased the condo forty years ago , she explained , as nothing more than an observation spot . 
 to watch her mother 's killer . 
 she claimed viggo knew nothing about it . 
 i highly doubted that . 
 i 'm sure viggo knew the place down to the paint hues and the abstract print on the curtains . 
 i 'm sure he did n't care . 
 i 'm sure he took great twisted pleasure in it all . 
 `` the streets are so quiet , '' i said , observing manhattan from my perch on the windowsill . 
 it was about four-thirty in the afternoon and dusk was settling in . 
 traffic was lighter than i had seen in the past . 
 the few passersby huddled within burly winter jackets as they rushed down the sidewalk . 
 `` it 's christmas and it 's cold . 
 humans do n't like the cold . '' 
 i turned to find lilly 's sharp blue eyes studying my face . 
 she gave me a wary smile and i was suddenly overwhelmed with gratitude . 
 sofie was gone . 
 mage was gone . 
 lilly felt like an appropriate substitute . 
 `` and most are at home , enjoying a christmas dinner . 
 they 're not staking out a witch sanctuary . '' 
 `` this morning 's church attack certainly ca n't help , '' galen said from his outstretched position on the couch . 
 `` what attack ? '' 
 caden and i asked in unison . 
 i felt him move in behind me , his hand sliding across my waist . 
 conflict churned inside me . 
 i should n't let him touch me anymore , that voice told me . 
 stop testing the fates ! 
 i was lucky enough for that one thrilling hour back in france . 
 every second that i toyed with inevitability after that , i was guaranteeing doom ... eventually ... i would kill him . 
 but right now , i needed him . 
 my willpower dissolved into a puddle at my feet as i leaned back to rest against him . 
 in answer to caden 's question , galen grabbed the remote to the flat screen television . 
 a mannish blond female reporter filled the camera screen , her backdrop a dwindling blaze in the night . 
 `` police are saying this morning 's christmas massacre was gang-related , though experts believe the brutality inflicted on the bodies was more that of a vicious animalistic attack . 
 most of the evidence was burned in the fire . 
 however , the scant remains pulled from the catastrophe are being sent to forensics for further examination . 
 police believe as many as two hundred people perished in the church when the doors were barred and the building set on fire , in what is being called one of the most brutal christmas attacks in united states history ... '' blood rushed to my head and drowned out the reporter 's words . 
 two hundred innocent people , dead . 
 two hundred men , women ... children . 
 my knees folded . 
 caden 's grip held me up . 
 two hundred people expecting nothing more than a few prayers followed by a day of celebration with their families . 
 sickness tossed and turned and rose inside me . 
 it was beginning . 
 `` how ... '' `` like baby chicks in a pen . 
 lazy hunting . 
 the sign of a newly turned vampire , '' kait scorned , her bright orange mouth twisted with distaste . 
 newly turned vampires . 
 jonah 's army . 
 i groped for caden 's hand , entangling my fingers with his , grasping for support . 
 this was a disaster . 
 `` should we call viggo and mortimer ? 
 let them know ? '' 
 i asked absently . 
 kait 's responding snort filled the silent room . 
 `` you think they do n't know ? 
 who do you think barred the doors and set fire to the building ? '' 
 i was already shaking my head . 
 `` no ... not mortimer ... '' mortimer would n't have done anything like that . 
 a wicked laugh mocked me . 
 `` you silly girl . '' 
 `` kait , '' lilly warned , her calmness laced with a razor-sharp edge , like her tongue could lash out and cut the flesh off bones . 
 the arrogant smile slipped from kait 's face , replaced with what one might deem a contrite expression . 
 `` mortimer would be first with the chains if it meant eliminating witnesses , '' lilly explained softly . 
 i nodded numbly . 
 `` no witnesses means no living proof that vampires exist ... '' lilly nodded . 
 `` that 's right . 
 as long as mortimer and viggo keep their faculties in check , we 'll be fine . 
 i spoke to mortimer already . 
 they 've killed a couple of jonah 's troops . 
 we can only hope they kill the rest before they do something that ca n't be hidden . '' 
 `` no witnesses . '' 
 caden 's grasp of me tightened until i could feel the ripples of his chest against my back . 
 `` just bodies . 
 lots of bodies . '' 
 i turned my head slightly to nuzzle my nose against the base of his neck . 
 lilly nodded , her throat clearing as she stepped away . 
 it had to be so strange for her . 
 i could n't imagine living in a child 's body for twelve hundred years . 
 she had the beginnings of a woman 's figure but it would never mature . 
 she would never appreciate what i felt at that moment with caden . 
 my heart poured with sympathy for the girl . 
 she would never have this love . 
 her life , though long , would never be complete . 
 for all her wisdom , she could never comprehend what she was missing . 
 `` i wonder how many buildings they can burn before it 's impossible to hide this , '' amelie said , the laugh lines in her face disappearing as sadness took over . 
 an empty , distant look glazed over her eyes . 
 reminiscing over her own world 's doomsday , no doubt . 
 my heart went out to her . 
 she 'd already suffered through this once . 
 julian responded with an arm around amelie 's shoulder , pulling her to his chest in a loving embrace ... we needed to do this . 
 now . 
 you and me , together again , julian . 
 this plan would probably get us both killed . 
 `` how do we get in there , lilly ? '' 
 i asked , no interest in wasting any more time dreading possibilities . 
 caden 's arms instantly tensed . 
 i ignored the reaction . 
 `` well ... my informants say a dozen sentinel come in and out daily . 
 the witches have barricaded themselves in , '' lilly explained , taking a seat next to galen . 
 `` i do n't know that they could even get out if they wanted to . '' 
 my attention drifted back to the window to survey the surrounding buildings and central park . 
 lilly had spies , viggo had spies , mortimer had spies . 
 spies everywhere and none of them knew what was going on inside . 
 `` i know vampires ca n't get in . 
 we 've already tested some of the windows . 
 the entire place is set with merth . '' 
 `` well ... why do n't we go in the same way we did the night we chased jonah ? '' 
 amelie asked caden . 
 `` we just need something that will pass our weight through the window . 
 i 'm sure there 's something . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` or maybe wraith can carry us in . '' 
 lilly was shaking her head already . 
 `` we thought of that . 
 we sent a couple of humans in through a broken window on the fourth floor but the witches have a secondary spell layered on . '' 
 lilly 's face turned sour . 
 `` it set them on fire . 
 who knows how many more tripwires they 've set . '' 
 amelie 's shoulders sagged . 
 `` they 've thought of everything , have n't they ? '' 
 `` well ... no , '' i said , smiling . 
 `` they did n't think of a human who could walk through their spell and break it . '' 
 the tribal magic was going to serve a purpose . 
 it was going to help ! 
 it could work ! 
 `` and what exactly do you plan on doing-launching yourself through a fourth-story window to break the spell ? '' 
 caden answered in a biting tone . 
 `` what if you get hurt ? 
 what if they 're waiting for you ? 
 what if breaking the spell warns them and they get hold of you before i can get in there ? '' 
 he released his loving grip of me to whip me around , intensity in his eyes . 
 `` no , evangeline . 
 there 're too many things that could go wrong with this harebrained idea ! '' 
 i opened my mouth to argue but lilly spoke . 
 `` caden 's right , evangeline . 
 we need stealth , not kamikaze barbarism . 
 if the witches get so much as a hint that we 've made it inside , they could do a number of things , including kill you and veronique . '' 
 `` so ... what 's the best way for julian , wraith , and me to go in ? '' 
 dead silence filled the room . 
 `` well , i was thinking , '' julian started , pulling all eyes to him . 
 `` you said they 're letting the sentinel in through the doors , right ? '' 
 lilly nodded , her eyebrow perked curiously . 
 `` well , '' he licked his lips nervously . 
 `` i have a sentinel tattoo , so why do n't i go in ... '' i choked on my tongue as julian blurted out the one admission that would get him killed in an instant , before he could explain . 
 oh my god , julian ... why now ? 
 `` caden ... help him ! '' 
 i cried out . 
 there was no need for the plea , though . 
 caden and amelie formed an instant barrier around julian , teeth bared , their stance fixed in a fighting position . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw max stalk toward julian , his hackles raised , his three brothers following suit . 
 `` max ! 
 no ! 
 do n't you dare ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 my words meant nothing . 
 he did n't flinch , did n't slow , his lips curled back in a snarl , teeth glistening . 
 i doubt he even heard me , focused on the smell of newly discovered sentinel flesh . 
 flesh that would kill him if he bit into it , given the tribe magic coursing through julian 's veins . 
 no , no , no ! 
 this was spiraling straight to hell . 
 `` max ! '' 
 i shrieked . 
 `` please ! 
 you 'll die if you bite him ! '' 
 his front paw wavered . 
 but he did n't stop , stalking in more slowly now , like a lion stalking a gazelle . 
 five more bodies suddenly appeared around julian-ivan and four of his wolves . 
 forming a solid guard . 
 i let out the tiniest sigh of relief . 
 that might keep max at bay . 
 but what about the six vampires in the room , all shocked , and all , by the venomous blaze in their eyes , one step behind max in attacking ? 
 `` is this true , evangeline ? '' 
 kait hissed , observing julian hungrily . 
 i quivered , picturing her standing over julian in a dark windowless room with an array of chains and other sadistic tools lined up on a table . 
 i 'm sure she had her own special pleasure in killing sentinel . 
 i was n't going to let her satisfy that here . 
 all in all , it was a lethal room for julian to be in . 
 i needed to make them understand . 
 `` wraith , '' i called out calmly , ignoring kait 's question . 
 wraith stepped forward , awaiting my command . 
 `` please go stand with the group over there . 
 protect julian . 
 do n't kill anyone , '' i added quickly , my next words slow and clear , `` but put them to the ground if they approach . '' 
 like an obedient soldier , wraith followed orders without delay . 
 as he approached julian , all those around him , including julian , cowered a little . 
 `` okay , now that that cat is out of the bag , so to speak , let me enlighten you . '' 
 i stepped closer so i was firmly in between the two groups . 
 i spent the following ten minutes , with julian 's help , explaining how he ended up a sentinel , how he did n't believe in their cause , and how this had turned into a good thing for us . 
 by the end of it , most of the tension seemed to have deflated . 
 max was still visibly agitated but he and his brothers were at least resting on their haunches versus ready to spring . 
 `` so you 'd be willing to go in there on your own ? '' 
 lilly asked , her mistrust evident . 
 `` to what end ? '' 
 julian shrugged in that casual way of his , sliding his hands into his jeans pockets . 
 `` to get more information , to see if veronique is okay . 
 to get her out if i can . 
 i do n't know . 
 all i know is i want to help and i 'd rather go in there on my own than have evie come in as well . 
 she 's bound to do something goofy and get hurt . '' 
 his wry smile was meant to erase my guilt over this . 
 it was n't working . 
 `` but ... , '' i began . 
 `` good idea . '' 
 caden cut me off . 
 my mouth gaped open and i looked up to see newfound respect radiating from caden 's eyes , directed at julian . 
 finally ... it only took julian risking his life for me . 
 again . 
 `` i agree , '' lilly seconded with a curt nod . 
 `` you get in there and find out what you can . 
 come back and tell us everything . 
 then we can form a proper plan of attack . '' 
 `` well , i do n't agree ! '' 
 amelie wailed , glaring at her brother like he 'd just killed her puppy . 
 `` what if he does n't come out ? 
 what if they recognize him ? 
 what if they use their magic on him and discover he 's unique ? 
 they might kill him instantly , for that alone ! '' 
 all the possibilities spewed out of her in rapid fire . 
 `` why are we doing this ? 
 ca n't we just wait for bishop to show up so we can grab him ? '' 
 she finished by giving julian the best set of doe eyes i 'd ever seen . 
 `` this is too dangerous , julian ! '' 
 `` mage called me , '' lilly explained . 
 `` bishop eluded her in england , grabbing a plane headed for labrador . 
 she 's on another one and should be landing in montreal soon . 
 intercepting him from there is going to be tough ... '' `` fantastic , '' caden 's fingers pressed against the bridge of his nose . 
 the sarcasm only thinly veiled his worry . 
 if we could n't stop bishop , if we could n't get veronique out of there ... `` we need to get veronique out . 
 they 're torturing her , amelie . '' 
 i emphasized the word torture , hoping she could remember what it was like to be human . 
 `` i know ... you 're right , '' amelie said , her hand reaching up to outline julian 's jaw . 
 `` but do n't forget ... julian may not be turning like you , but he ca n't be fixed . '' 
 `` i know , '' i whispered , observing him with refreshed worry . 
 `` please , rethink this . 
 there has to be another way . '' 
 amelie 's hand slid down to rub across julian 's chest . 
 julian shook his head abruptly , scowling , reminding me of those first days back in the mountains , before i knew him . 
 he had a permascowl in those days . 
 `` no , amelie , i 'm doing this . 
 i need to do this . '' 
 and that was that . 
 fifteen minutes later , julian stepped out of a room dressed in dark blue jeans and a long winter coat . 
 amelie , her face painted with anxiety , slipped his knife into the inside coat pocket , planting a kiss on his cheek as she did so . 
 `` i 'll be fine , amelie , '' he said , inhaling deeply . 
 `` in and out , right ? '' 
 he nodded toward me as he walked past . 
 `` see you guys soon . '' 
 caden surprised everyone by reaching out to clasp hands . 
 `` if you do n't come out in a reasonable amount of time , we 're coming in after you , '' he assured him in a gruff voice . 
 how he expected to do that , exactly , i was n't sure , but now was n't the time to question it . 
 julian nodded curtly . 
 `` and do n't get yourself killed , okay ? '' 
 caden added . 
 `` if you do , i 'll have to deal with my sister for another seven hundred years ... '' julian chuckled . 
 `` payback for yesterday ? '' 
 caden grimaced . 
 `` sorry about - '' julian cut off caden 's apology with a wave of his hand . 
 `` you had every right ... '' `` yeah , but ... still . 
 not cool , '' caden pressed . 
 they paused to regard each other . 
 maybe they 'd be friends after all . 
 julian just had to survive first . 
 `` keep that one out of trouble , will you ? '' 
 julian jerked his head my way . 
 `` she 's a walking disaster . '' 
 `` yeah , because i 'm the one stepping into a grizzly 's den with a long stick and a steak around my neck , '' i muttered , rolling my eyes as caden cloaked me under a protective arm . 
 `` do n't talk about poking grizzlies . 
 you 'll get amelie excited , '' julian joked , with a wink toward his scowling girlfriend . 
 her tight pout loosened , the corners of her mouth curving up despite how hard she fought it . 
 finally the giggle escaped , lighting up her entire face . 
 `` it 's time . 
 i 'll walk you to the main lobby , '' galen announced coolly and i thought i caught hint of admiration in his gaze as he regarded julian . 
 he led julian toward the door , julian following stiffly . 
 i swallowed a painful knot in my throat . 
 he was so good at putting on a brave face , i realized . 
 underneath that , terror had a firm hold . 
 and this might be the last time i saw him alive . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i broke free of caden 's grasp and ran to my dear friend-my twin in all of this disaster-and threw my arms around his neck , battling the hovering tears . 
 `` do n't get yourself killed . '' 
 he flashed a white-toothed grin . 
 `` do n't you worry . 
 when i drop my pants to show those witches my tattoo , the last thing they 'll be thinking of is me tricking them . '' 
 amelie growled in mock disapproval . 
 with one last chuckle , julian followed galen out the door . 
 despite my best efforts , a tear escaped , trickling down the side of my nose ... then another ... and another . 
 i rubbed them away furiously . 
 `` he 'll be okay , '' caden whispered into my ear , his mouth skimming my lobe . 
 `` he 'll be back before you know it . 
 this is the right way to do this . 
 it 's safer this way . 
 less risky . '' 
 less risky for me ... i leaned back against caden 's body , letting his broad chest form a protective barrier for my body , wishing i could erase all the pain , fear , and anxiety for just a little while and lose myself with caden again . 
 `` so how long do we wait before we go in after julian , brother ? '' 
 amelie demanded in a cold , curt tone , hands on her hips . 
 `` and how the hell do we get in ? '' 
 `` well , i was thinking , '' caden 's hand folded with mine , tugging me along as he moved to the blueprints . 
 `` we can go through here , '' his long finger pointed toward a mess of illegible lines zigzagging through each other . 
 `` through the underground garage . 
 i highly doubt anyone will be hanging out down there . '' 
 i realized we were looking at blueprints of every square inch of city surrounding and under viggo 's place . 
 `` where did you get these ? '' 
 i was surprised that viggo would n't have hunted down and burned every city record available . 
 `` you can find anything you need if you 're persuasive enough , '' kait answered , a wicked sneer curving her lips . 
 i shuddered , avoiding any more questions while lilly and her group surrounded the table and discussed the numerous manhole covers , tunnels , and grates that they needed to navigate through . 
 even wraith lingered over to assess caden 's proposed plan , his reflective eyes watching intently . 
 after the fifth or sixth tunnel , i was more than confused so i decided to huddle by the window . 
 i was more interested in seeing julian 's entrance , anyway . 
 i tuned out the low chatter behind me , my forehead pressed up against the cold glass . 
 `` i 'm so scared , '' a voice hummed . 
 i turned to find amelie standing next to me , a finger winding through one of her springy curls , unbridled fear in her eyes . 
 i gave her my best reassuring smile . 
 this had to be pure torture for her . 
 the silent minutes hung over us like an oppressive heat as we waited silently . 
 `` there ! '' 
 amelie shouted , slamming her palm against the glass . 
 i quickly spotted julian lumbering down the sidewalk . 
 we watched him stride up to the large iron garage gates . 
 it was bizarre-looking at those things completely mended , knowing it was all an illusion , that there was a gaping hole . 
 julian 's hand lifted . 
 he froze . 
 only for a few seconds but it was enough to make me inhale sharply . 
 with a vague glance back in the direction of our window , he continued on toward the metal door beside the car gate , reaching up to push the buzzer . 
 within moments , the door opened . 
 an arm appeared . 
 julian vanished . 
 `` god , evie . 
 what were we thinking ? '' 
 amelie hissed , her hand locking on to mine . 
 `` if i lose julian ... '' i squeezed her hand . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 we wo n't let it happen . '' 
 i had no right to promise that and yet i did so without pause , without a shred of guilt . 
 it was what she needed to hear . 
 it was what i needed to say . 
 `` everyone will help get julian out alive . 
 even max ... right , max ? '' 
 i looked over at the sulking werebeast , lying in a corner , his chin resting on his paws , surrounded by his three brothers . 
 max is not speaking to the traitor master right now . 
 please leave a message and perhaps he will one day forgive her for her profound treachery . 
 beep ! 
 `` oh , max , '' i sighed , shaking my head at his spurts of eccentricity . 
 but i let it go , moving my attention back to amelie . 
 `` evangeline ... do you think - '' she began , turning to face me . 
 her words faltered . 
 she shook her head and blinked several times , then frowned deeply , gazing at something intently . 
 sirens went off in my head . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 her plump lips struggled to get her words out . 
 `` evie ... your eyes . 
 they 're ... '' my blood turned to ice . 
 i abandoned her hand and bolted for the bathroom , fumbling for the light switch , my fingers trembling . 
 i finally managed to flick it on , illuminating my reflection in the mirror . 
 and my yellow eyes . 
 *** four hours had passed since julian had gone inside . 
 still , no sign of him . 
 no sign of anyone , for that matter . 
 `` how long before we go in ? '' 
 amelie demanded . 
 i did n't answer . 
 i did n't shrug . 
 i simply stared out the window in a daze , waiting . 
 waiting for julian to emerge . 
 waiting for the final stage of my curse . 
 it was almost here . 
 i had the hideous yellow eyes of the tribe . 
 there was only one thing left . 
 one thing that would show up at any given time . 
 and then i was as good as dead . 
 `` hours . 
 a day , tops , '' lilly responded , perched on the back of a wing chair like a cat ready to pounce . 
 she turned to regard me . 
 `` you should eat and get some rest . 
 you look like hell . '' 
 i responded with a snort . 
 that 's because i have sickly , jaundiced eyes , lilly . 
 and i 'm giving serious consideration to what it will feel like when i step off the roof of your building after i kill caden . 
 you 'd look like hell too ... `` well , go sleep at least , '' caden answered softly , reaching for my arm . 
 i recoiled like a snake , earning a pained look . 
 i did n't care . 
 it was better than a dead look . 
 `` i 'm not tired . '' 
 that was a lie . 
 i was exhausted . 
 mentally , emotionally , physically ... exhausted . 
 caden sighed . 
 `` maybe if you slept , you 'd see veronique and learn something about julian . '' 
 wait a minute ... that thought had n't crossed my mind . 
 i had dozed off several times on the plane coming here but i never connected with her . 
 maybe if i could fall asleep , i could make sure julian was safe . 
 maybe this sleep thing was a good idea . 
 without an answer , i turned and dragged myself toward the stairs . 
 wraith was up and shadowing immediately . 
 for once , it did n't bother me . 
 he was the only one i could n't kill once i succumbed to this magic . 
 heck , we 'd be best buddies soon enough . 
 caden appeared ahead of me without prompting to lead me upstairs , down a long hall , and into a simplistic bedroom with white walls , white curtains , and a simple teak bed . 
 it reminded me of a page from an ikea catalogue . 
 for what reason lilly needed a bed , i had no idea . 
 to keep up appearances , perhaps . 
 whatever . 
 it did n't matter . 
 wraith took to inspecting the closet and walls for secret entrances . 
 after my bathroom disappearing act , he was hypervigilant in ensuring i had no escape routes . 
 it made for a few awkward moments in the plane 's cramped bathroom , but i did n't bother fighting him anymore . 
 the escape had been worth it a million times over . 
 finally satisfied that there was no way for me to sneak off and no way for anyone to sneak in , wraith stationed himself in a chair near the window . 
 i crawled under the welcoming white duvet and let my head drop to the pillow , ready to be left alone . 
 like an animal about to die . 
 that was n't going to happen , though . 
 the bed sank as caden reclined beside me . 
 i immediately scooted away until i was hugging the edge of the bed , near falling off . 
 i heard his heavy sigh . 
 `` please do n't be like this . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 about to kill you , caden ? '' 
 i spat back . 
 `` you 're not ... '' `` look at my eyes ! '' 
 i yelled , enunciating each word . 
 sitting up , i glared at him , my eyes intentionally overextended . 
 `` it 's only a matter of time ! 
 everything that 's supposed to happen is happening . 
 now , i 'm ... this ! '' 
 my hands flew out in front of my face . 
 `` there 's no way around this , caden ! 
 i 'm going to be one of them ! '' 
 `` you 're still able to touch me , eve , '' he whispered . 
 `` not for long ! 
 did you know-twice now i 've done something strange to amelie to hurt her . 
 soon , it 'll be permanent ! '' 
 caden pulled himself up to meet my face , his lips and nose only inches away . 
 `` sofie will figure it out , '' he growled . 
 `` do n't give up on her . '' 
 i flopped back down on the bed , throwing my arm over my forehead . 
 `` i ca n't help it . '' 
 `` you have to help it . 
 this is n't you . 
 you do n't give up , evangeline . 
 ever ! 
 you 're the most resilient person i 've ever known ! 
 to a fault sometimes . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` maybe i was . 
 i 'm not anymore . 
 i ca n't do this anymore ... '' he paused , moving in to hover over me . 
 his voice turned gentle . 
 `` please do n't give up . 
 for me . '' 
 my body tensed as his hand moved to rest on my thigh . 
 i should n't let this happen ... i need to push him away ... i need to . 
 my willpower went toe to toe with my desire and failed miserably . 
 caden 's hand slowly slipped up along my thigh , over my hip , to my waist . 
 up and up it slid until his index finger was running along my bottom lip . 
 `` you 're toying with fire , caden , '' i warned breathlessly . 
 i 'm pathetic . 
 i 'm weak . 
 `` and i will happily do so if it means being able to do this , '' he whispered , leaning forward to touch his lips to mine , stopping my heart altogether . 
 i reveled in the feel for a few moments but eventually could n't ignore the eyes tickling the back of my neck . 
 `` i 'm not desperate enough for exhibitionism ... yet , '' i said , jerking my head in wraith 's direction . 
 caden 's light chuckle turned into a groan as his face rested into the curve of my neck . 
 `` i ca n't wait until he goes away ... '' that earned a sniff from me . 
 wraith was never going away . 
 not until i died . 
 i bit my tongue , choosing to lay next to caden in silence instead of reminding him of that . 
 someone knocked lightly on the door . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 caden called out . 
 a timid lilly poked her head in , a tall glass in her hand . 
 `` warm milk always helped me sleep when i was human , '' she murmured with a sheepish smile , reminding me that she was , above all else , still an abused child trapped in a lethal vampire body . 
 i took the glass with a smile of gratitude . 
 `` mage has bishop , '' she announced , catching my mouth midair before i took my first gulp . 
 `` seriously ? 
 when ? 
 how ? '' 
 lilly grinned with pleasure . 
 `` she caught him in labrador , canada . 
 not without a battle and , um , a bit of a scene . 
 she 's covered it up , though . 
 they 're on their way here . '' 
 the grin disappeared . 
 `` i do n't think she 's very happy about us being here . 
 i had to tell her about veronique , evangeline . 
 i hope you 're okay with that . 
 and she has demanded that , under no circumstances , are any of us supposed to go into viggo 's place . '' 
 `` did you tell her about julian ? '' 
 a head shake confirmed that she had n't . 
 `` well , this 'll be awkward , '' i muttered wryly , wondering if the blood-sucking mary poppins would keep her cool when she found out . 
 `` not if we get in and out of there before she arrives . '' 
 lilly disappeared but not without me catching her excited little smile . 
 caden rolled onto his side , his head propped up on his elbow , quietly toying with my hair while i guzzled the milk . 
 once i finished , he set the glass on the nightstand and pulled me down with more force than usual , pressing himself against me , setting my head against his chest . 
 his fingers stroked my hair soothingly . 
 `` oh , and you 're not going in there , by the way , '' he said . 
 my snort echoed through the empty room . 
 `` oh , and yes , i am , by the way . 
 you need me to get through that secret passageway and break the merth binding so you can get through . '' 
 `` we 'll have you go through and then the wolves will bring you back here , '' he fired back . 
 i felt my face screw up . 
 `` no , you wo n't ! 
 and besides , you do n't know what veronique looks like . '' 
 `` we 'll look for the tortured woman , '' he answered calmly , his fingers coiling into mine , still relaxed , sure of his plans . 
 `` she wo n't go with you , '' i countered . 
 with a loud chortle , he reminded me , `` she 'll go with anyone offering to get her out of there . '' 
 i opened my mouth to argue but then stopped . 
 he was right . 
 and i was getting nowhere with this . 
 `` you are not going in there without me . 
 i 'm not sitting around like some inept human while you go fix my mess ! '' 
 i finished my angry decree with a stifled yawn . 
 `` how is this your mess , evangeline ? '' 
 caden asked , shifting me so he could see my face , his own a picture of bewilderment . 
 `` because if i had n't agreed to get up on that platform , veronique would still be in her tomb , safe and sound . 
 that 's how ! '' 
 `` yeah , and you 'd be dead , '' caden 's voice turned cold and sharp suddenly . 
 `` and then sofie and i would have gone ballistic . 
 there 's no way sofie would ever let veronique out then , just to spite viggo . 
 she 'll get over the abuse , evangeline . 
 when they turn her , she 'll - '' `` she ca n't be turned , caden ! 
 she 's like me ! 
 and what happens when viggo and mortimer find out about that ? '' 
 caden 's lips pursed . 
 `` sofie will figure it out . 
 she always figures it out . '' 
 `` yeah ! 
 at what cost ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` she 'll figure it out ! '' 
 i threw my hands up in the air . 
 `` well , look at you . 
 mr. has an answer for everything ! 
 except for one small problem-sofie does n't know about veronique so how can she figure it out ? '' 
 caden wavered , an instant answer not coming to him this time . 
 i had cornered him with reality . 
 his brow furrowed deeply as he thought . 
 `` i do n't know how , but she will . '' 
 `` i 'm going in there with you , '' i said defiantly . 
 with a grin , caden 's hands curled around my shoulders , pulling me back down to rest next to him , chuckling as he planted a kiss on my forehead . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` you . 
 stubborn . 
 you 're sweet , remember ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes and shook him off , turning onto my side , my back to him , to sulk . 
 `` i 'm not sweet . 
 i have a wraith and ancient vampiress sworn to me and i 'm poisonous to you . 
 i 'm deadly . '' 
 caden burst out laughing . 
 i rolled back over and took aim at his chest , punching him hard . 
 only i had no gusto to it , my arms suddenly feeling like water . 
 that earned another laugh . 
 pushing a few strands of hair off my forehead , he leaned in to whisper in my ear , his lips grazing my lobe , `` like i said-sweet . '' 
 i gazed up at his face-so perfect , so real ... so blurry ? 
 my eyelids suddenly felt like magnets , pulling together despite every effort to keep them apart . 
 i felt my body sink deeper into the mattress , seeping into the springs and stuffing . 
 tingles rippled through me . 
 `` why am i so ... ? '' 
 i began to ask but my words dropped off . 
 the milk ... `` damn it , caden ... '' i cursed in garbled speech as i drifted off into a drug-induced sleep . 
 that familiar prickle , now instantly recognizable , coursed through my body . 
 it was coupled with fogginess this time . 
 i blinked and narrowed my eyes , straining to carve through it . 
 would veronique know something about julian ? 
 the haze finally dissipated to reveal a dimly lit chandelier , the light dancing off crystals . 
 i knew that light . 
 it was my old room at viggo 's . 
 not the first room-the princess suite designed to buy my adoration-but the blood-red room meant to remind me that i was a prisoner . 
 `` veronique ? '' 
 i forced her lips to move so she would know i was there . 
 `` oui ? 
 evangeline ? '' 
 came the sickly response . 
 a shock of unease rippled through my chest . 
 `` what 's happened ? 
 you sound worse than before . '' 
 of its own accord , by veronique 's control , my arm lifted up to within my vision . 
 i gasped as i saw the fresh batch of black and blue bruising and angry burns . 
 `` they 've started again ? '' 
 `` yes , but it 's nothing compared to what we 're going to do to your friend here , '' a wicked voice sang out . 
 with difficulty , i rolled my head to the side , toward the voice . 
 bile instantly shot into my throat . 
 there , slumped over in a chair next to imogen , was a bloody , battered , gagged , barely conscious julian . 
 panic detonated inside me . 
 they had julian . 
 imogen stalked forward . 
 `` you will come here at once-with sofie , with those other leeches . 
 bring all of them or both of your friends die . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i froze , unable to speak , unable to move , unable to breathe . 
 my face flew to the side as she slapped it . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 the stinging pain in my already injured jaw lasted long after i found myself back in the condo room . 
 night lurked outside . 
 city lights streamed in through the window , allowing me to discern shapes and shadows . 
 wraith still sat in his chair . 
 caden was gone . 
 and they had julian . 
 scrambling out of bed , i stumbled a few steps , feeling a rush slam into my head . 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 oh , yeah . 
 they drugged me , i thought bitterly as i headed toward the door , reminding myself never to take a drink from any of these vampires again . 
 still , i needed to warn them . 
 we needed to get in there , to rescue julian ... my hand faltered on the doorknob . 
 wait a minute . 
 i was doing exactly what the witches wanted me to do . 
 imogen asked me to lead all the vampires there . 
 if i stormed out there and told them what i 'd learned , i 'd escort them right into imogen 's trap . 
 to their deaths . 
 stupid evangeline . 
 think ! 
 i slumped against the nearest wall and sank until i was curled up on the floor , my forehead in my hands . 
 what the hell was i supposed to do now ? 
 what choice did i make ? 
 did i say nothing and let imogen torture julian and veronique to death ? 
 or did i run out there and sign everyone else up for their own deaths ? 
 knots upon knots constricted until my insides were a grotesque mass of anxiety . 
 maybe ... there was one other option . 
 the logical choice . 
 the least risky for everyone . 
 if i could just get out of here without being noticed ... i quietly got to my feet , now intent on making less noise than the dead . 
 luckily , this was n't the average closet condo and my room was far from the main living area . 
 `` wraith ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 came the monotone reply . 
 `` did you see any way out of this place other than the front door ? 
 somewhere we could sneak out without everyone noticing ? '' 
 wraith had scoured the entire condo upon entry , taking inventory of all potential exits . 
 i could n't be more thankful for his standard protocol than at this particular moment . 
 `` yes . 
 there is a service entrance off the end of this hall . '' 
 perfect . 
 `` and were you paying attention to caden when he explained how to get to the underground garage ? 
 all those tunnels we needed to take ? '' 
 i silently berated myself for tuning him out . 
 `` i have entered it into memory . '' 
 i released the lungs full of air . 
 i had my own personal terminator . 
 finally . 
 a bit of luck my way . 
 silently slipping on my winter coat , i crept to the door on my tiptoes . 
 `` come on , wraith , '' i mouthed , cracking open the door . 
 `` and do n't make a sound . '' 
 he was on his feet immediately . 
 `` where will we be going ? '' 
 my finger flew to my mouth , to silence him . 
 he looked at me blankly . 
 `` be quiet ! 
 we 're going to get julian and veronique . 
 and we 're doing it alone . '' 
 15 . 
 impasse-sofie i stood with my mouth agape , speechless . 
 `` yes , it 's been rather interesting , watching your precious little human cuckold you , '' incendia purred , a malicious smile curving his lips . 
 unda and ventus joined in with a chortle that pained my eardrums . 
 i finally found my voice again . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 it 's quite basic , '' terra began . 
 `` evangeline was linked to veronique through that pendant . 
 you knew that . 
 when the tribe released her from its curse , it also released veronique from hers . 
 the curse of her tomb . 
 i 'm surprised you did n't put two and two together . 
 i expected more from you . '' 
 `` that was not a curse , '' i began breathlessly . 
 `` i did that intentionally to preserve her , to - '' `` we considered it a curse , '' ventus cut in flatly . 
 `` and so we ensured she was released . '' 
 i stood silently , replaying all that i knew of the spell . 
 chills coursed through my body as realization set in . 
 if this was true , that meant the same magic coursing through evangeline 's body was in veronique . 
 she could be turning into walking death . 
 she certainly could n't be touched by magic . 
 she could n't be turned ... my knees buckled beneath me and i crumbled into a heap on my pedestal , my hands holding my forehead . 
 after all this . 
 after all we had struggled through . 
 no ... no , it could n't be real . 
 i looked up to see incendia 's eyebrow quirked as he looked from me to terra , reading my mind . 
 `` no ? 
 not real ? '' 
 with a flourish of his hand , my surroundings morphed again . 
 i heard feet splashing through shallow water a split second before two forms rushed around the bend . 
 i frowned as evangeline and wraith passed by me . 
 `` why are you in the sewer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 they did n't answer . 
 they could n't hear me . 
 i was n't really there . 
 `` what are they doing in the sewers , terra ? '' 
 i demanded angrily . 
 `` where exactly are they going ? '' 
 i already knew the answer . 
 i recognized these sewers in particular . 
 they were just below fifth avenue in manhattan . 
 if one knew the path , they would lead right into viggo 's garage . 
 the vision blurred and i was back on my pedestal in front of the fates . 
 `` well , since you asked , '' incendia stepped forward , thoroughly enjoying being the bearer of bad news . 
 `` your spell over that love-struck bishop failed miserably . 
 he took off to new york to seek vengeance , your dear friend mage is chasing after him , allowing this troubled foursome the opportunity to run off to new york and try to change the fate of the world . 
 i believe that about covers it . '' 
 `` no ... '' i whispered . 
 something did n't make sense , though . 
 `` but why is she alone ? '' 
 `` she 's not alone , '' terra reminded me . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 sorry , '' i rolled my eyes . 
 `` why is she with wraith and not the others ? '' 
 `` because she cares greatly for them and does n't want them to die , '' terra explained . 
 `` quite gallant of her , do n't you agree ? '' 
 `` so ... are you ready ? 
 we 're granting you one request . 
 one spell . 
 but what will you choose ? 
 there are so many fires to put out , are n't there ? '' 
 incendia 's hands clasped together triumphantly . 
 i set my jaw as i leveled him with a look . 
 `` no . '' 
 a small twitch of his lip-perhaps amusement , perhaps irritation-was the only reaction my denial triggered . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 the space changed again . 
 i was now trailing behind evangeline and wraith as they crept up the stairs from the underground garage in viggo 's place . 
 god , evangeline ! 
 why must you torture me like this ? 
 i chased after them as wraith pushed through the door , as they entered the atrium , the destruction as vivid as i remembered it , right down to the heaps of charred bodies , to the cobblestone i 'd torn up during my magical tantrum . 
 only now the pristine statue that had withstood more than a century , cocooning my sister , lay in chunks . 
 i did n't get to spend long mourning that , given the other big difference in the atrium . 
 the army of sorceresses . 
 all staggered through the courtyard . 
 all eyes locked on evangeline . 
 all with flames at the ready . 
 they would kill her . 
 `` evangeline ! 
 get out of there ! '' 
 i screamed , knowing my words were heard by no one but the fates . 
 i watched in horror as she stole through the atrium quietly , heading toward the red doors . 
 what was she doing ? 
 could n't she and wraith see the danger in front of them ? 
 i inhaled sharply when i realized that was exactly the problem . 
 the witches had to be using a cloaking spell . 
 they were walking straight into a trap . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 i screamed out , stepping forward . 
 the mirage fractured and i heard little crunches beneath my feet . 
 i gasped as i looked down to find dozens of shattered worlds . 
 `` oh , do n't worry . 
 only four of those worlds were populated , '' terra confirmed , plucking the horror from my thoughts . 
 `` that is quite the predicament your human is in , '' incendia goaded . 
 i barely heard him . 
 my mind was spinning in dizzying circles . 
 how was this all possible ? 
 what was she doing ? 
 and how did she manage to evade every vampire and max to get there ? 
 the wolves , i understood . 
 they could n't smell her . 
 but the others ? 
 caden would never allow this ! 
 no , it could n't be real ... `` it is real , '' terra purred . 
 i frowned , already shaking my head , playing the logic out in my head . 
 `` then how did they make it into the atrium thirty seconds after being in the sewer ? '' 
 `` time means nothing to us , '' ventus explained . 
 `` you think you 've experienced thirty seconds but really , it could have been five minutes , or five hours , or five days of your time . 
 regardless , i assure you , what you just saw is happening as we speak . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' i finally stated . 
 `` you 're trying to trick me . '' 
 `` trick you ? 
 how ? 
 we 're simply giving you a chance ! 
 think of it as a token thank-you for all your hard work and suffering . '' 
 incendia 's thin lips curled . 
 `` go ahead ! 
 do nothing . 
 in a few moments , none of this will matter anymore . '' 
 i looked at terra-my champion . 
 she did n't deny it ; she did n't try to convince me . 
 she stood quietly . 
 in that moment , i knew they were telling me the truth . 
 all the turmoil that oozed out of evangeline ... it was over this , over burying such a deep , dark lie . 
 but why would she ? 
 of course ; because i would 've stormed the place to save veronique . 
 or viggo and mortimer would have . 
 either way , it was guaranteed doom . 
 my little girl knew me too well . 
 `` that is correct . 
 your evangeline endured quite the internal struggle . 
 she is stronger than we expected . '' 
 `` no shit , '' i muttered . 
 that girl could n't keep a secret for anything . 
 how she had managed to stay silent on this was beyond me . 
 but when viggo discovered her lie ... `` where is viggo ? '' 
 `` do we look like an information center ? '' 
 unda retorted , her voice calm but nothing about her words were friendly . 
 `` we have agreed to grant you one spell . 
 you can take advantage of that , or you can lose everything . '' 
 16 . 
 operation veronique-evangeline my heart hammered against my ribs as i skulked along the fifth-floor shadows toward the red room . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 where is everyone ? '' 
 `` i agree . 
 based on the expected inhabitants , this is suspicious . '' 
 wraith did n't skulk . 
 he stalked forward with a stiff spine , unfazed by the bizarre emptiness of viggo 's place . 
 where my head almost rotated three hundred and sixty degrees , looking for hidden sorceresses in crannies , his dead blue mirrors stared straight ahead . 
 no fear . 
 since sneaking in through the underground garage , we had n't crossed a single soul . 
 had n't heard a step , a voice , a yell . 
 nothing . 
 it was as if the place had been abandoned . 
 every fiber of me screamed , get out of here ! 
 i ignored it . 
 not without veronique . 
 not without julian . 
 as we rounded the last corner before reaching the red room , a low sound drifted down the hall . 
 a confusing mixture of dread and relief swarmed me . 
 they were still here . 
 `` wait , '' wraith commanded pointing to the marble floor . 
 my feet obeyed instantly . 
 with his shoulders back , his strides naturally confident , he pushed open the double doors and disappeared . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 a muffled male voice boomed , followed by a distinct clicking sound-a gun . 
 wraith did n't answer . 
 `` stand back or you 're dead ! '' 
 the man threatened . 
 i pictured him holding the gun up to wraith 's head . 
 `` what on earth - '' a female voice said , but broke off . 
 i imagined her incomplete sentence was courtesy of wraith 's hand clamping onto her wrist as she fell to her knees , dying . 
 three ear-splitting shots rang out and i stumbled back , my heart in my throat , wary of stray bullets . 
 with my back pressed against the opposite wall , my heart pounded in my ears as i scanned the halls , straining to listen for footsteps . 
 surely with all that noise , someone would come . 
 surely we 'd be caught . 
 surely - `` it is safe now , '' wraith announced , poking his head out , a calm , disinterested expression on his face . 
 clambering into the red room , i almost fell over the male prone on the floor-chest down and face up . 
 a little farther over , i saw the woman , the witch , who had the clear misfortune of believing her magic could stop wraith , now nothing more than a shrunken corpse . 
 looking away , i concentrated on the frail shell of a body lying on the king-sized bed , taking in her swollen mess of bruises and burns , her clothes in bloodstained tatters . 
 `` veronique ? '' 
 i called out in a strangled gasp . 
 no answer . 
 no flicker of life . 
 terror 's icy hand seized my organs as i ran to her . 
 i leaned over to inspect her face . 
 `` veronique ? '' 
 glossy slits opened to gaze back at me . 
 `` eve ? '' 
 my name came out in a croak . 
 my knees buckled with relief . 
 `` oh , thank god , veronique . 
 yes , it 's me . 
 we 're going to get you out of here . 
 now . '' 
 one tear rolled out the corner of her right eye , trailing down to hit the red pillowcase . 
 what they had done to her ... what they must be doing to julian . 
 i did a sweep of the room to confirm it was empty . 
 `` do you know where they 've taken my friend ? '' 
 all i got was a small negative grunt in response . 
 an ache formed in the back of my throat . 
 he could be anywhere ! 
 how would i find him ? 
 in that moment , i prayed for sofie and caden . 
 they always knew what to do . 
 they were always taking care of things . 
 not this time . 
 this time , i was alone . 
 it was all on me . 
 god help julian and veronique . 
 okay . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 first things first . 
 i turned to wraith . 
 `` can you carry her ? 
 and make sure you do n't accidently kill her ... '' without answering , he quickly swooped in and , with gentle motion i did n't think possible of death himself , he slipped his arms under her frail body . 
 she wriggled her brow . 
 `` nathan ? '' 
 `` hurry , '' i demanded , ignoring her confusion . 
 there 'd be plenty of time to explain later . 
 he scooped her up and followed me out . 
 we tore down five sets of stairs , struggling to keep quiet , rushing blood in my ears disorienting . 
 i barreled through the red doors into the atrium ... and slammed into caden . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 caden hissed , grabbing my biceps with a death grip , murder on his face . 
 `` are you f ** king crazy ? '' 
 he was n't alone . 
 amelie , max and brothers , the wolves , lilly , and her posse stood in a wall behind him with equally unimpressed faces . 
 `` i had to ... , '' i faltered , my face burning . 
 he was n't having any of it . 
 `` what the hell do you think you 're doing in here ! 
 i tell you you 're not coming in here and so you sneak out ? '' 
 his eyes turned cold and hard . 
 i had never seen him this angry . 
 it was a struggle not to be terrified . 
 but now was not the time . 
 i swallowed back the tears forming as a storm of indignation brewed within me over his chastising . 
 `` they have julian , caden . 
 i saw it . 
 they had him and they wanted you all here so they could kill you . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 amelie 's lips trembled , her head whipping around in every direction . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 no one 's here . 
 would they have left ? '' 
 `` not likely , '' lilly murmured , cool eyes rolling over the atrium . 
 caden took veronique from wraith 's hands . 
 `` wraith-you idiot . 
 you should n't have brought her here . 
 but you need to get her out . 
 now . 
 lilly , amelie . 
 the rest of you . 
 go find julian . '' 
 they vanished without a second 's delay . 
 to wraith , max , and his brothers , caden directed , `` help me get them both out of here and we 'll come back . '' 
 we took off , picking our steps around the upturned cobblestone and charred bodies across the atrium , back to the entrance that would lead to the garage . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 caden hissed , his brow wrinkled . 
 `` this is too easy , '' i heard him mutter . 
 prickles ran down my vertebrae . 
 halfway across the atrium , caden and max stopped dead in their tracks , sending wraith and i swerving to avoid them . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 my eyes skimmed the thousand barriers someone could hide behind , expecting they had finally spotted someone . 
 caden did n't answer . 
 we 're spelled ! 
 we ca n't move ! 
 max yelled . 
 get out of here , now ! 
 spelled . 
 that meant only one thing . 
 witches . 
 i rushed around to meet caden 's face , an ice sculpture . 
 frozen . 
 veronique still lay cradled in his arms , barely conscious . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 wraith asked curiously . 
 `` they 're spelled . '' 
 icy blood coursed through my veins . 
 `` here . 
 take veronique and get - '' my words were cut off . 
 `` clever girl ! '' 
 the words reverberated through the atrium , followed by a menacing laugh . 
 one i recognized well . 
 `` clever and stupid . 
 did you think you could waltz in here with that abomination and kidnap our prisoner ? '' 
 i pivoted on my heels , madly searching for that wild , white streak of hair . 
 only destruction and death surrounded me . 
 `` still have n't figured it out ? '' 
 i shook my head dumbly in answer to her taunt . 
 my breath caught as forms suddenly stepped out of nothingness , as if lifting invisibility cloaks . 
 dozens of them , their fingers alight and primed for attack . 
 they 'd been here all along , watching . 
 waiting . 
 wraith 's long legs scissored forward . 
 `` stop , demon ! '' 
 imogen screamed , pinkish-orange fire bolts shooting from her hands to slam into wraith 's chest . 
 with a mixture of intrigue and horror , i watched as the fired looped around his body , coiling tighter and tighter until it simply disappeared . 
 his body absorbed the fire . 
 when wraith looked up at imogen , he did something i believed him incapable of . 
 he smiled . 
 imogen 's face turned ashen for just a second before angry heat flushed her cheeks . 
 with a narrowing determined scowl , she waved a hand to her right , signaling someone . 
 two hulking thugs emerged from behind a singed bush , dragging a limp , unresponsive male body out from the shadows . 
 the air left my lungs in a rush . 
 `` julian ! '' 
 i cried out , lunging forward . 
 wraith somehow closed the five-foot distance between us , his solid arm shooting up to block me . 
 `` he 's been a wonderful source of information ! '' 
 imogen 's eyes burned with delight . 
 `` really . 
 it only took a bit of ... coaxing . 
 and to think he just walked in here of his own free will ! '' 
 a glimpse at julian 's raw feet proved exactly how they had coaxed him . 
 i bit back a sob . 
 julian was always getting hurt trying to help me . 
 trying not to look obvious , i searched the gaping window holes of the destroyed atrium . 
 where were the others ? 
 they had to be watching ! 
 they 'd come , they 'd rescue us , they 'd - `` looking for these ? '' 
 imogen snapped her fingers . 
 a procession of sentinels dragged seven merth-bound bodies with them . 
 behind them came five wolves in human form , knives held against their throats . 
 `` i have to say , finding all this merth was a pleasant surprise . 
 it has come in quite handy . '' 
 we were trapped . 
 touch me , max demanded . 
 you 'll break her spell like you did with bishop . 
 then i 'll gladly tear her throat out . 
 genius ! 
 he was only about ten steps away . 
 slowly , i shifted toward him . 
 if i could just ... `` do n't move ! '' 
 imogen shrieked , her hand now pointing at me . 
 i froze , under no delusion that i could absorb flames like wraith . 
 in that second , the sentinel swooped in , winding merth around max and all his brothers . 
 `` him too , '' imogen commanded with a head thrust toward caden . 
 `` get her out of his arms , though . '' 
 obeying her orders , a large asian man yanked veronique out of caden 's arms , letting her drop to the broken cobblestone as they immobilized caden . 
 my heart sank . 
 `` there . 
 that 's better . 
 now we can focus on you . '' 
 i struggled not to cower under her gaze . 
 they had thought of everything . 
 three witches stepped forward , hands stretched out toward me . 
 looking down at my hand , i would do anything for the tribe 's deadly power in my touch . 
 of course , though , the one time i needed it ... wraith intercepted , seizing two of their arms . 
 i watched them crumble to the ground , their skin and bodies desiccated in seconds , the life gone from their eyes . 
 `` wraith ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` stand down ! '' 
 somehow i did n't think they 'd let him march forward and take each witch down , one by one . 
 but he was n't listening to me , instead moving on to another witch nearby . 
 they proved my instincts right . 
 a willowy blond witch ran for caden 's arm , seizing it with white knuckles . 
 `` do n't you see this one is important to her ? '' 
 a broad knife appeared from out of nowhere , the tip pressing up against caden 's chest . 
 `` i 'll skewer his heart right out of his chest and burn it if you take another step . '' 
 a cold shiver radiated through me , swelling until my entire body was numb . 
 she was appealing to wraith 's sensitive side . 
 wraith had no sensitive side ! 
 he had only one side . 
 one purpose . 
 death . 
 caden was as good as dead . 
 i croaked , trying to get the useless plea out before wraith killed again . 
 but he did something unexpected . 
 he stopped of his own accord . 
 why would he ? 
 realization hit me . 
 his mission was to protect me from harm . 
 caden being killed would harm me . 
 wraith understood how important caden was to me . 
 his brain did process human emotions after all . 
 i caught myself staring at him in shock . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you do n't want to break your girl 's heart , do you ? '' 
 imogen grinned wickedly , proud they had reins over death himself , if only temporarily . 
 still , her grin only thinly veiled her terror . 
 wraith scared the shit out of everyone . 
 17 . 
 loop hole-sofie my fingernails pierced the skin on my palms as i surveyed this latest disaster , struggling to peel my eyes from the unconscious body lying on a pile of broken cobblestones . 
 my sister . 
 `` i do n't know why this is such a difficult decision , '' ventus prodded . 
 `` we give you anything you want and we get what we want . 
 everyone wins . '' 
 air hissed through my clenched teeth . 
 `` what you want ? 
 torture and misery ? 
 get me back there this instant ! '' 
 i would level each and every one of those witches on my own , i would burn every bitch in there , i would ... `` you will lose your sister , your adopted child ... everything , '' terra warned . 
 i inhaled deeply , trying to calm myself . 
 `` i just need to tell you what i want ? '' 
 my voice sounded weak , hollow , deflated . 
 incendia grinned . 
 `` nathan back , perhaps ? '' 
 i turned steely eyes on him . 
 `` i already have him , remember ? '' 
 he guffawed . 
 `` not that abomination . 
 the real nathan . 
 back in your arms . 
 no strings attached . 
 no twists to your request , no counter to it . 
 if you want nathan , we can erase this entire mess and it will be like it never happened . '' 
 erase this entire mess . 
 like it never happened . 
 be happy and free again ? 
 free to feel nathan 's strong arms around my body once again ... and what ? 
 i 'd be back where i began , trying to find a way to turn myself . 
 and what would erase mean ? 
 never know evangeline ? 
 never love her ? 
 never allow her the chance to know caden ? 
 i regarded the fates with an icy gaze . 
 would they erase all of this from my memory or torture me with it daily ? 
 `` i want two , '' i suddenly blurted , my mind working quickly . 
 `` and i want them exactly as i ask for them . 
 no perversions . '' 
 they laughed casually . 
 `` you get one . '' 
 i offered a spiteful smile in return . 
 `` i will take none , then . '' 
 incendia frowned . 
 `` we 've already discussed this . 
 why would you do that ? 
 no ... we have made the decision and you must take it . '' 
 i folded my arms over my chest , making it clear that this negotiation would be on my terms . 
 `` you will give me two or i give you nothing and your balance be damned . 
 read my soul , you crazy-ass faeries . 
 this ends here , one way or another . '' 
 incendia 's mouth twisted as he scrutinized me . 
 had anyone ever challenged him ? 
 he must 've decided i was telling the truth . 
 his gaze rolled over the others , a silent communication between them . 
 `` fine ... '' narrowed slits regarded me . 
 `` however , there 's a catch . '' 
 i studied him . 
 `` oh ? 
 and what would that be ? '' 
 it was incendia 's turn to smile spitefully at me . 
 `` you 'll know when the time comes . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` so i must agree blindly ? '' 
 `` take it , or leave it and your life be damned . 
 you only have one life , remember . '' 
 incendia 's hands sprawled over the pit of worlds . 
 `` we have many . '' 
 `` yes , '' unda spoke . 
 `` i believe this is a fair compromise . 
 i will second this . '' 
 the other two announced their agreement , terra with a nod , as if goading me to accept this fair deal . 
 `` so , my child ... '' terra crooned . 
 `` what are your two requests ? '' 
 i felt a tiny bittersweet smile curl my lips . 
 18 . 
 now or never-evangeline veronique moaned feebly . 
 she would n't last long and there was nothing i could do . 
 nothing anyone could do . 
 and if she died ? 
 i swallowed back the terror . 
 i could n't even think about it . 
 not for a millisecond . 
 i glanced over to see caden 's bound body fifteen feet away . 
 if only i could somehow free him ... `` come here , girl , '' imogen purred , holding her hand out to me , her eyes boring into my skull . 
 wraith stepped forward to block me . 
 `` let her come forward , or he dies , '' the blond warned , waving her knife in reminder . 
 i noticed her adjust her grip on the handle purposefully , ready to drive it through his breastbone . 
 wraith 's arm did n't budge and when i tried to sidestep him , he anticipated my movements and shifted with it . 
 `` do n't believe me ? '' 
 the blond 's left brow raised sardonically . 
 she looked to a spot behind me on my right and signaled with a chin thrust . 
 i turned to see a man drive a long-bladed knife into lilly 's companion-daniel , i think i heard her call him . 
 he twisted roughly . 
 the sound of bones crunching caved my legs , forcing me into a crouch . 
 `` wraith , please ! '' 
 i croaked , violent images of the same happening to amelie and caden , sending a frisson of panic through me . 
 he turned and i saw my raw desperation reflected in his mirror balls . 
 a girl ready to crumble into dust . 
 he took three steps back . 
 mustering all the strength left in my body , i forced myself to my feet , fighting to keep my knees from shaking as i strode forward into death 's grip . 
 with an icy smile , imogen wrapped her thumb and index finger around my jaw and squeezed . 
 pain exploded as my old injury lashed out . 
 even as i moaned , even as tears trickled , she did n't relent . 
 `` julian said you were special to sofie . 
 why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no matter . 
 we have you . 
 we have her , '' she jerked her head toward veronique . 
 after examining my yellowed eyes for a moment , she shoved me to the ground toward the crippled body , wiping her hands on her jeans . 
 i wasted no time , scrambling to veronique 's side to lift her head and place it gently in my lap . 
 `` we have all that we need to trap and rid this world of these vile creatures , once and for all . '' 
 `` but you do n't have viggo and mortimer , '' i answered hurriedly , aware that i was grasping at straws . 
 sofie ... where are you ? 
 i need you right now ! 
 another wicked smile . 
 `` oh , do n't worry . 
 they will be along shortly . 
 and they will die . '' 
 turning to the sentinel thugs , she commanded , `` bring them inside the circle . '' 
 the circle ... my eyes darted to the ground to see the yellow chalk line snaking over the broken concrete and around the scorched gardens to form a giant warped circle , fifty feet in diameter . 
 i watched as the sentinel dragged amelie , lilly , and her cohorts within the boundaries of the line . 
 caden , max , and his brothers already lay inside . 
 when all was said and done , only one witch stood outside the circle with thirty sentinel surrounding her . 
 `` not you , '' imogen 's finger shot out to wraith , who inched forward . 
 `` you take twenty steps back . 
 now . '' 
 after a long pause , he listened , his steps small . 
 still , the twenty-pace gap may as well have been a thousand . 
 satisfied , imogen reached out to either side of her . 
 `` sisters . 
 join hands . 
 lend me your power . '' 
 all witches but caden 's captor shifted forward until their toes touched the inside of the yellow chalk line . 
 they clasped hands . 
 as imogen chanted softly , the others joined in . 
 it reminded me of the tribal women when they were trying to save julian , though i knew beyond a doubt there was no healing intended here today . 
 my hands formed a protective barrier around veronique 's body as the chant continued . 
 at first , nothing happened . 
 but then i noticed an iridescent pink glow rise from the yellow chalk , stretching higher and higher until it converged in a dome shape thirty feet above our heads . 
 `` it is done ! '' 
 imogen 's shoulders sagged with relaxation . 
 a sickly moan pulled my attention down to my lap . 
 veronique 's eyelids fluttered open briefly to show only the whites of her eyes . 
 my pulse began to race . 
 veronique was a goner . 
 `` she 's going to die ! '' 
 i leveled imogen with as hard a look as i could muster . 
 `` help her or you 'll never get what you want from them , i promise . '' 
 `` yes , she likely will die . 
 but i ca n't help her , even if i wanted to . 
 she 's a vile toxic mess , like you . '' 
 she dismissed me with a shrug , turning her attention to the dark-skinned witch standing outside the circle perimeter . 
 `` sharie ? 
 please let our friends know we 're ready for them . '' 
 the woman nodded and turned to face the garage entrance , silent words fluttering off her lips . 
 like a malfunctioning mirage , i watched the perfect cast-iron gate illusion drop , revealing the gaping hole where the witches had stormed viggo 's palace not long ago , and the street beyond . 
 a perfect view of the impending war should a passerby slow long enough to notice . 
 `` they 're not out there , '' i said half-heartedly . 
 imogen 's head fell back as a bone-chilling cackle echoed . 
 `` they 're always out there . 
 the merth boundary is down . 
 it wo n't be long now . '' 
 triumphant eyes crushed me with their confidence . 
 it took five minutes . 
 five minutes for the spies watching the place to inform their employers . 
 five minutes for viggo and mortimer to drop their jonah hunt . 
 five minutes to appear out of thin air , two looming forms stalking in perfect unison . 
 five minutes for me to resign myself to the fact that this was it-the last nerve-racking secret revealed to all . 
 what i had n't expected , what felt like a dip in an ice bath after a high fever , was seeing mage and a wild-eyed bishop follow immediately . 
 they must 've been watching from lilly 's condo ! 
 mage 's shrewd gaze dissected the entire situation with the expertise of a master swordsman , deciding where she could inflict the most harm . 
 that is , if she was able to do anything besides keep a firm grip of bishop 's bicep . 
 poor bishop ... he twisted and thrashed and seethed , trying to break free and drown himself in the sweet euphoria of revenge . 
 mage leaned in and whispered something in his ear . 
 soon , it looked like she said . 
 soon ... what ? 
 her word seemed to calm him down for he stopped fighting her , his body relaxing . 
 his eyes grazed over his friends ' predicament but they did n't rest long there , finally settling on a mound of ash eight feet from me . 
 bishop 's jaw clenched fiercely . 
 it took me a moment to clue in . 
 fiona 's final resting spot . 
 i turned away , unable to witness his pain . 
 taking in the four of them-four powerful vampires , unbound-i allowed myself the tiniest hint of optimism , feeling the scale tipping ever so slightly in our favor . 
 all we needed was sofie , and then maybe we 'd have a hope in hell . 
 viggo and mortimer froze midstride , shocked eyes riveted to the broken body in my arms . 
 with a roar , mortimer dashed forward . 
 i was n't sure if he did n't see the light pink wall or if he did n't care , but he slammed right into it , stumbling back with a grunt . 
 `` veronique ! '' 
 a long pause . 
 `` veronique ! '' 
 when she did n't respond to his voice , mortimer 's hands flew to his forehead . 
 `` she 's alive , '' i assured him , searching her wrist for a pulse , praying to god i was n't lying . 
 mortimer turned to wraith , disdain twisting his mouth . 
 `` do n't you have a specific purpose here ? '' 
 `` to keep evangeline from all harm , '' wraith spewed the directive , oblivious to the contempt in mortimer 's voice . 
 mortimer 's hands flew forward with force . 
 `` does this look like she 's safe ? 
 go in there ! 
 this magic ca n't stop you ! 
 go ! 
 save her ! '' 
 with feet planted firmly in their spot , wraith shot back , `` not possible . '' 
 while their exchange continued , viggo paced the outer perimeter of the magic bubble like a caged bear , his cold blue irises shifting from veronique to me to imogen , assessing . 
 `` how did you get her out ? '' 
 his whisper was an arctic breeze . 
 my blood ran cold with his question . 
 leave it to viggo to get to the heart of the matter . 
 i concentrated on breathing , feeling my chest rise and fall , trying to calm myself . 
 let this lie die with me ... imogen shrugged . 
 `` i wish we could take credit for it , but she came out on her own , not long after we took over . '' 
 a rare flicker of surprise gave viggo away and imogen 's dark stare passed over to me . 
 with it , the recognition that i dreaded . 
 `` you did n't tell them , did you ? '' 
 she may as well have stomped on my chest a dozen times . 
 my shoulders folded in as i winced , as i felt the blood drain from my face . 
 i could n't bear to look up to meet mortimer 's meaningful glare and so i hung my head , studying veronique 's ashen face , praying this would blow over , that the significance of her question would be lost to them . 
 not a chance ... `` little lamb ... did you know that veronique was out ? '' 
 viggo 's glacial hiss cast frostbite into my fingertips . 
 how did i respond ? 
 i had no clue . 
 a lie sounded no better than the truth . 
 bile rose in my throat as i struggled for words . 
 there were no words . 
 i bit my tongue and maintained my focus on veronique 's closed lids . 
 dead silence filled the atrium and i could feel their hateful eyes boring into my head . 
 `` evangeline ! '' 
 mortimer 's booming voice yanked my head up against my will , commanding my attention . 
 my body began to tremble as i found chocolate brown orbs on me , a torrent of emotion in them . 
 for him , i needed to explain . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mortimer , '' i croaked . 
 `` i wanted to tell you . 
 i wanted to tell you all . 
 it was too risky , though . 
 you would have attacked . '' 
 mortimer 's jaw set firmly as he listened to my confession . 
 i could n't read him . 
 not rage , not disappointment , not betrayal , not hatred . 
 nothing exposed in his cold stare-a stare that made me want to curl up and die . 
 viggo was not so tolerant . 
 he seethed , all shred of his normal charming psychopathic facade gone , replaced with gleaming white teeth and murder in his eyes . 
 i was n't sure if it was the situation or the embarrassment of being tricked by such a naive human that had him so irate . 
 `` i will tear you to pieces and describe every second of it to sofie when she arrives . 
 i will ... '' with a maniacal howl , he dove for the nearest group of sentinel . 
 they did n't have a chance . 
 in seconds , a pile of bloodied and torn corpses lay in viggo 's wake . 
 in his blind fury , he had managed to free three of the captured wolves . 
 grinding bones and howls of agony filled the atrium and i watched with a mixture of horror and fascination as they morphed into wolf form . 
 in the chaos , ivan and the fifth wolf broke free and transformed . 
 all five of them now stood with hackles raised and teeth bared , poised to strike but holding back . 
 gasps of disgust assaulted my ears as the witches watched their guard crumble outside their wall . 
 `` stand down , soldiers ! '' 
 imogen shouted , stopping the few dozen living sentinel from moving . 
 viggo 's cold blue eyes turned back to me as if to say , you 're next . 
 i cowered , clutching veronique 's head tighter , thanking god and the fates and anything else that had kept me alive so far , for the magical wall keeping viggo from getting his wish . 
 `` who ... '' the single word wrenched my focus down . 
 olive green slits gazed at me . 
 veronique had been pulled back from the brink . 
 for how long , i had no idea . 
 i needed to make it worthwhile . 
 `` i 'm sorry for all this , veronique . 
 please believe me ! '' 
 a tiny sympathetic smile answered me . 
 i did n't know what it meant or if she even knew what was happening , or if she was already crossing over . 
 smoothing her hair off her forehead , i gently propped her head up and turned it so she could see outside of the circle . 
 `` mortim ... '' she whispered , her frail hand dragging along the broken cobblestone , crooked fingers reaching out to him . 
 mortimer dropped to his knees as close to the circle as possible , his brow furrowed , horror marring his rugged features . 
 `` veronique ! 
 we 'll get you out . 
 i ... '' his voice cracked , `` i did n't know . '' 
 `` i 'm here too , my love ! '' 
 viggo cried out , mimicking mortimer 's position and dropping to his knees beside his rival , the charm again thick in his voice . 
 `` we had no idea you were out . '' 
 lethal eyes flipped to me . 
 `` we would have come sooner . '' 
 `` i ... i ... '' veronique croaked , her words stunted by a violent coughing spasm . 
 sharp gasps sounded as a trickle of blood escaped the corner of her mouth . 
 `` please . 
 release her . 
 i will turn myself over to you without challenge . 
 just please , let her live , '' mortimer pleaded with imogen , still on his knees . 
 `` you will turn yourself over to me because you have no other choice . 
 negotiating is pointless , '' imogen hissed , showing a set of perfectly even teeth . 
 `` you ca n't break through this wall , and if you make me wait too long , you 'll watch her die . '' 
 if looks could kill , the one mortimer laid upon imogen at that point should have withered her into a hundred-year-old corpse . 
 turning to mage , he hissed , `` where the hell is sofie ? '' 
 and i realized then , he did n't know . 
 `` she 's ... indisposed , '' mage answered cryptically . 
 `` oh , she 'll be here , '' imogen chuckled . 
 `` she 's never far behind these two . '' 
 `` doubt it , '' came mage 's cool response , leveling imogen with a hateful stare . 
 `` damn her ! '' 
 with another vicious war cry , viggo tore away , the lone witch outside the circle his next target , followed by three more sentinel men . 
 if this continued , none of imogen 's guard would be standing . 
 did she care ? 
 a lighthearted cackle contradicted the massacre like polka music at a fatal car wreck . 
 `` go ahead ! 
 for every one you kill here , we have another hundred hidden away for tomorrow . '' 
 a quick glance at the standing sentinel showed unease with imogen 's license to kill . 
 feet began to shift backward , eyes darting toward the gaping exit . 
 `` in that case , '' mage murmured with a vicious smile . 
 i turned in time to see her fingertips slip from bishop 's solid bicep . 
 she waved him forward . 
 `` you 've earned it . 
 let none escape , '' she ordered . 
 bishop did n't hesitate , not for a second . 
 the wolves took up his flanks , mowing down any sentinel who dared run . 
 i buried my gaze in veronique 's face again as silent tears welled in my eyes and screams of terror echoed , my heart aching for what they had turned my dear broken friend in to . 
 this was quickly spiraling down into hell . 
 how long before it simply exploded and we all ceased to exist ? 
 veronique was still conscious , her eyes straining to see what was happening beyond the curtain of my draped hair . 
 i would n't let her see , though . 
 she did n't need her last memories of life to be this . 
 and she could n't die without making her decision . 
 the right decision . 
 `` i was n't lying about viggo , '' i whispered . 
 i felt a ripple of tension course through her body but i pushed forward . 
 `` you must choose mortimer , veronique . 
 you must ! '' 
 `` yes , you must , '' a familiar french lilt repeated , and my heart stopped . 
 my head flew up . 
 there , in the midst of pandemonium outside the circle , her red mane cascading over her shoulders stood sofie . 
 for just a second , i smiled . 
 i actually smiled . 
 for just that second , our eyes locked and i believed everything would be okay . 
 she broke her focus to measure the situation , her eyes narrowing as she took in the freshly killed bodies ; to viggo and bishop , in the midst of the kill , who had n't noticed her yet ; to the witches within the circle . 
 they skimmed over fiona 's resting spot . 
 i could swear i caught a ghost of a smile but ... no . 
 sofie would never find amusement in fiona 's death ... `` sofie , '' imogen purred , `` just like that . 
 it 's as if i called and you answered . 
 we 're one big happy family now , are n't we ? '' 
 sofie 's lips curled back into a hideous sneer . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 the fates and i had some things to discuss . '' 
 imogen struggled to keep her face composed . 
 i could tell sofie 's words and confident air ruffled the leader . 
 viggo took notice of sofie and stopped tearing apart the sentinel to run to her side . 
 bishop , in his own little world of oblivion , continued without abandon . 
 `` do something ! '' 
 mortimer screamed , still on his knees . 
 `` break down this barrier and kill them ! '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 two words i had n't expected from sofie . 
 my stomach tightened . 
 sofie always could . 
 or at least she could try . 
 no ... i had n't expected this . 
 `` even sofie 's not strong enough to break a spell cast by twenty-four powerful sorceresses , '' imogen said as she approached me . 
 her hand grasped my shoulder , digging into my bone as it yanked me up . 
 i scrambled to follow while trying to protect veronique 's head from smashing against the stones . 
 `` but there 's so much i can do , '' imogen said . 
 `` first , you will contain that madman over there . '' 
 imogen nodded her head toward bishop . 
 `` and then we will immobilize you with this lovely weed you made available to us . '' 
 imogen dragged me along as she prattled off demands . 
 `` once that 's done - '' sofie 's snicker stopped imogen dead in her tracks , bristling . 
 `` or should i just kill them all here in front of you instead ? 
 would that be more satisfactory ? '' 
 imogen offered . 
 `` you 're so lucky i ca n't get inside that circle , imogen . 
 all i 'd have to do is get to you . 
 then this spell would break and the five of us would end you . '' 
 sofie 's plump lips curled in a way i so rarely saw . 
 a predator 's smile . 
 `` we 'd take such pleasure in it . '' 
 imogen jerked my body forward so i was standing in front of her like a shield , her grip of my arms tightening painfully . 
 `` like i said ... you ca n't get inside this circle , so there 's no point running through your sick fantasies . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 mint eyes rested on me for a moment before moving back to my captor . 
 she could n't ... but i was already inside the circle . 
 sofie was sending me a message . 
 she was telling me what i needed to do . 
 i needed to take imogen out to save us all . 
 me-the terrified , weak human . 
 swallowing hard , i glanced around . 
 how ? 
 i was a human surrounded by a ring of powerful witches , one of whom had a knife on caden , ready to dig out his heart . 
 it needed to be quick and effective . 
 my eyes roamed the ground for weapons . 
 cobblestone to the temple ? 
 did she need to be dead or just injured ? 
 god . 
 i broke out in a cold sweat . 
 this could end in disaster . 
 everything i did seemed to turn into a disaster . 
 i looked back at sofie , pleading silently for her to give me something to work with . 
 i got nothing in return except flaring nostrils . 
 a sign of impatience . 
 i was failing her . 
 i needed to do something now . 
 suddenly , sofie stretched her arms out to her sides , palms up . 
 she tipped her head back and yelled , `` we made a deal ! 
 any time now , terra ! '' 
 terra ? 
 `` what 's she talking about ? '' 
 imogen muttered , her fingers raking my arms , her tension increasing . 
 i tried edging away but she yanked me back with her death grip . 
 and that was when i felt something cold and hard against my calf . 
 my dagger . 
 that would work . 
 if i could just reach it ... `` you ca n't win , '' i said , my voice hoarse , a desperate plan unfolding in my head . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 imogen lashed out , annoyed . 
 hope sparked inside me . 
 annoyance was what i needed . 
 i needed to goad her further . 
 `` they 'll get in here . 
 they 'll beat you . 
 sofie will outsmart you . 
 she 'll always be smarter than you . '' 
 `` shut up , you little bitch ! ' 
 she threw me to the ground . 
 i landed on my forearms and knees , the stones cutting into my flesh . 
 i barely felt it , though , my heart pumping fiercely . 
 i could see caden 's face at this level . 
 our eyes connected . 
 i held his gaze as i slowly reached down to my boot . 
 could he tell what i was doing ? 
 without moving my head , i scanned the group . 
 could they ? 
 so many eyes . 
 too many eyes . 
 i needed a distraction . 
 something other than the ring of vampires around us . 
 `` are you so afraid of a few vampires that you have to hide behind this wall ? 
 come on , imogen ! 
 fight like a real sorceress ! 
 show me what you 've got ! '' 
 as if reading my mind , sofie began shouting obscenities at the group , provoking them , distracting them . 
 i shifted my weight as i pulled one leg up , steadying my foot on the ground . 
 my hand slid into the boot . 
 was sofie watching ? 
 she could n't know what i was doing . 
 she did n't know i had a knife , i realized . 
 whatever . 
 maybe she expected me to smash imogen 's head in with a stone . 
 all i needed to do was stop this she-devil , and the circle would be broken . 
 or maybe i 'd fail . 
 maybe i 'd die trying . 
 inhaling a lung 's full of courage , i glanced one last time at caden . 
 his eyes had n't left me . 
 i love you , i mouthed , fighting back the tears that threatened as my hand wrapped around the handle of the dagger-caden 's gift to me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 imogen 's sharp voice froze my hand . 
 i looked up to see her towering over me , glaring suspiciously , at my hand . 
 i failed . 
 already . 
 and i had n't even tried . 
 all of a sudden , a banshee 's wail let loose in the atrium , setting my hair on end . 
 heads whip around . 
 i followed their gaze to the one mountain of burned bodies within the circle , where tiny fissures spidered through the hard ash . 
 something was breaking through . 
 it quickly rose , unfolding like a butterfly for the first time . 
 a naked body . 
 a female body by the supple curves taking form under the soot-colored skin . 
 good god , what new monstrosity has imogen created ? 
 its eyelids burst open . 
 steely violet eyes . 
 i knew those eyes . 
 `` fiona ! '' 
 bishop 's bellow sent shivers down my spine . 
 he crashed to his knees , using one hand for support , as if delivered a deadly blow , an eternity of sorrow vanishing from his face . 
 screams of terror exploded within the bubble . 
 i turned to see sofie smiling gloriously . 
 and then she turned to me and she roared , `` now ! '' 
 i did n't waste another second doubting . 
 i yanked the dagger out and stood in one fluid motion . 
 my arm wound back above my head , aiming for my target with all the strength i could gather . 
 for caden . 
 for veronique . 
 for me . 
 and then i struck . 
 i felt the blade slide into imogen 's back , tearing through muscle , splintering bones , and finally piercing something deep inside . 
 i yanked the blade out with force , winding to strike again . 
 imogen spun around , teetering forward , her eyes wide with shock . 
 for just a moment , i thought i had failed . 
 her mouth opened to scream . 
 a gurgling sound came out , and then she collapsed . 
 dead . 
 the pink translucent glow evaporated and , with it , any hope of survival for these witches . 
 red hair and fur flew past me in a whirl , tearing merth bindings off , freeing everyone to exact their own personal revenge . 
 i stood there holding my bloodied dagger , immobile , unable to focus on any one person . 
 not wanting to focus on any one person for too long . 
 my sweet childlike lilly , who fed me drug-laced warm milk only hours ago , tore someone 's throat out mere feet away from me . 
 max and his brothers ran side by side to tear down sorceresses trying to escape . 
 all around me , sorceress bodies fell as their enemies-my friends-held true to their promises . 
 but where was veronique ? 
 my eyes flashed wide with panic as i searched the ground for her . 
 mortimer was there , gently lifting her up , a beautiful , wide smile like nothing i 'd ever seen on him before , transforming him into the man veronique no doubt fell in love with . 
 `` evie ! '' 
 i searched the chaos . 
 there , standing over the blond , his fist on the dagger protruding from her chest , caden stood smiling , his face the picture of relief . 
 we did it . 
 we saved veronique . 
 we saved bishop . 
 i threw a wink and a kiss to him . 
 his smile vanished , his attention flying to my right , panic igniting them . 
 i turned . 
 viggo lingered five feet away , hateful eyes devouring me . 
 i grappled for air as it left my lungs . 
 he had promised , after all . 
 i then felt a sudden breeze , accompanied by the beginning of caden 's scream . 
 and then nothing . 
 *** white mist clouded my eyes . 
 instinctively , i reached up to rub them . 
 when my hands moved away , four celestial beings formed in front of me , their colorful irises sparkling as they gazed down at me . 
 `` hello , evangeline . '' 
 the man speaking had the most beautiful voice . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i asked as i took in their white gowns and the gossamer wings floating behind them . 
 angels ? 
 am i dead ? 
 `` that depends ... , '' he answered . 
 i realized he was answering my unspoken question . 
 the fact that he could read my mind did n't bother me . 
 not much bothered me right now . 
 `` we are the fates . 
 do you know why you 're here ? '' 
 i felt my head shake back and forth dumbly . 
 the fates ... i was meeting the fates ? 
 my surroundings shifted and i now stood beside myself in the atrium , just as i 'd left it moments prior . 
 i watched a replay of those last few disastrous seconds as an invisible bystander-of caden 's panic , of viggo flying toward me . 
 of viggo snapping my neck . 
 viggo kept his promise to me . 
 `` i 'm dead . '' 
 `` for the moment , '' a female fate answered . 
 `` you have an important choice to make , and not long to make it . 
 we made an arrangement with sofie . 
 you must make your choice-do you remain human or transform to become a vampire ? 
 i frowned , not comprehending . 
 the male fate explained , `` if you choose human , then you die . 
 if you choose vampire , you live . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 right here , right now ? 
 you 're going to turn me ? '' 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i was n't prepared for this . 
 i had n't expected it . 
 but ... `` yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 tears of happiness rained down my cheeks . 
 could it finally be coming true ? 
 as if this answer pleased him , the fate reached out to cup my chin . 
 `` so it is done . 
 we will honor our arrangement with sofie . 
 your wish is granted . '' 
 he smiled at me , a smile of familiarity and adoration . 
 when he leaned down to plant a kiss on my forehead , he whispered , `` i am so proud of you ... my child . '' 
 *** a hot , searing sun scorched my eyes , set fire to my blood , and charred my skin to a black crispy ash . 
 it penetrated through my muscles , deeper and deeper , its flaming tentacles snatching my vital organs , ripping them out of my body . 
 my senses tumbled in disarray . 
 sounds waffled and blurred yet i heard everything . 
 sofie 's wails , screaming my name over and over ... caden 's pleading whispers . 
 `` please survive . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 a thousand times over . 
 images hazed over and quadrupled and yet i saw everything . 
 street lights and snowflakes and crowds of pedestrians . 
 bodies lying in the middle of the street . 
 julian 's body slung over amelie 's shoulder . 
 veronique , cradled in mortimer 's arms . 
 running ... the world was still and spinning at the same time . 
 churning , twisting , flying by . 
 a thousand-pound weight crushed my lungs , paralyzing them . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i could see the air floating around me-a solid form-and yet i clawed and heaved and wheezed for it , only to have it out of reach . 
 time passed by in leaps and bounds and not at all . 
 and through all of this , deep , consuming agony , as if i 'd been stuffed into a blazing fire and purposely kept alive to forever endure the pain . 
 *** the smell of sour , wet soil flooded my nostrils . 
 i welcomed it eagerly , letting its coolness envelop my entire body . 
 `` i think she 's awake . '' 
 my eyes flew open at the sound of caden 's voice to find him hovering over me . 
 i noticed a flash of surprise across his face before he smiled . 
 i inhaled deeply , soaking up his magnificent scent-the mixture of ocean and forest crushing me with overwhelming desire . 
 i let it absorb into my pores , circulate through my body , hungry for it . 
 for him . 
 i thought about kissing him and the next thing i knew , my mouth covered his , adoring the sweet taste of his lips . 
 so much sweeter than ever before . 
 i wanted to touch the deep ridges in his chest , and the next thing i knew , my fingernails tore through his shirt , as though made of tissue paper , to reach his sculpted chest below . 
 `` jeez , evie , '' another male voice muttered behind me . 
 `` thirty seconds back from the dead and you 're already mauling him . 
 get a room , will ya ? 
 or at least another dark hole to hide in ... '' bishop ! 
 with a surprised gasp , i whipped around to find bishop grinning widely at me , his arm hanging over fiona . 
 fiona ! 
 i stared unabashed at her , my jaw gaping wide . 
 she really had risen from the dead ! 
 with a giggle , fiona threw me a wink and then squeezed bishop 's torso as if she 'd never detach from him again . 
 my memory slammed into me . 
 `` viggo killed me and the fates brought me back . 
 they turned me . '' 
 a long pause . 
 `` they turned me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' caden 's fingertips slid along my cheek , the intensity of his touch sending shudders through me , almost too much to handle now , so powerful my attraction to caden . 
 like a feral animal with no discretion , i wanted him . 
 i looked at him , at that gorgeous face , and i could see he felt it too . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 a french croon interrupted our private moment . 
 i jumped , quickly zeroing in on sofie , leaning against a wall to my left . 
 `` fine , i think . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 i had no idea . 
 was i okay ? 
 glancing down at my arm , i found them unblemished , healed . 
 perfect . 
 `` i feel ... different but the same ? '' 
 i looked at her questioningly . 
 `` i thought i was supposed to be going crazy for blood right now . '' 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` your body is still in shock from the transformation . 
 that , and there are no humans down here . 
 but it will come . 
 soon . '' 
 a million questions whirled through my head but i silenced them , focusing on the most important . 
 `` you made this happen , sofie . 
 you fixed us . '' 
 i stared pointedly at fiona . 
 `` you brought fiona back . 
 you saved me , sofie . 
 thank you . '' 
 she offered a tight-lipped smile and nod . 
 `` i bartered and won two requests . 
 fiona was one . 
 giving you the choice to become vampire was the other . '' 
 a mixture of relief and happiness exploded inside me . 
 my eyes danced around the space , landing on lilly , standing near an iron gate off to the side . 
 she smiled shyly at me . 
 i had the urge to hug her . 
 in a split second , i found myself with my arms wound around her tiny frame . 
 `` we can be forever sisters now , '' she whispered , gazing up at me with awe . 
 had i still been human , i would 've cried . 
 but i already sensed that no more tears would stain my cheeks and so i smiled instead , nodding . 
 `` forever sisters . '' 
 finally , sleeping beauty graces us ... max was stretched out on the floor in one corner . 
 i dove on top of him , giggling hysterically as he grunted in mock pain . 
 `` i 'm sorry for keeping you in the dark and being a royal pain , max , '' i apologized , giving his head a fierce kiss . 
 he grumbled in response . 
 i could tell he was happy . 
 rolling off him with the grace of a feline , i landed in a squat next to a grinning julian and amelie , their hands entwined , and another wave of delight bowled over me . 
 `` you look different , julian . '' 
 his eyebrow raised knowingly . 
 `` so do you . '' 
 we smashed into each other in a fierce embrace . 
 `` it was a package deal . 
 no one bit us . 
 we just kind of ... fell asleep . '' 
 so my choice was their fate . 
 `` you okay with it ? 
 i know how much you love vampires . '' 
 a quick check over his shoulder at amelie and he whispered , `` i 'll get used to it . '' 
 brilliant green eyes appeared suddenly as amelie dove in , throwing herself at me . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're back ! 
 we were worried . 
 you took forever to wake up ! 
 like an entire day ! 
 julian and veronique were conscious in an hour ! '' 
 i grabbed amelie 's wrist . 
 `` where is she ? 
 where is veronique ? '' 
 `` here , '' came the melodious voice . 
 my head whipped around to find two forms strolling in , arm in arm . 
 i gaped openly . 
 veronique-a mass of bruises and burns and stringy clothes-was now healed and spectacular , her shiny ringlets cascading down her back , her figure full and supple . 
 veronique , julian , and i , transformed . 
 veronique safe and with mortimer . 
 i sighed . 
 i do n't believe it ! 
 sofie had fixed it . 
 caden said she would , and she did . 
 never again would i doubt her . 
 `` there is nothing you ca n't do , is there , sofie ? '' 
 dark glances flittered about the room . 
 my scalp prickled . 
 something was wrong . 
 i scanned everything again , analyzing further . 
 broken chunks of wood , narrow halls carved out of dirt surrounded us . 
 `` where are we ? 
 where is everyone else ? 
 where 's mage and kait , and max 's brothers ? 
 the wolves ? 
 wait ! '' 
 i spun around , in search of my shadow . 
 `` where 's wraith ? '' 
 i promised myself then and there that i 'd stop being a jerk to him . 
 i wondered how he handled apologies . 
 `` wraith 's gone , evangeline , '' sofie informed me softly . 
 `` he was here to protect your mortal life . 
 that is no longer an issue . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 a trace of regret gnawed at me , one that surprised me . 
 i never got to say goodbye . 
 `` and the others are out , trying to ... contain the situation . '' 
 i frowned , earning a sigh from sofie . 
 `` a lot has happened in two days , evangeline . 
 right now , we 're in an old mine outside the city . '' 
 `` why ? 
 to keep us from human blood ? '' 
 i forced a laugh . 
 `` this is a little dramatic , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` it 's temporary , but it was the best form of safety we could find while we waited for you . 
 no one will find us down here . '' 
 `` who 's looking ? 
 we won against the witches , right ? '' 
 no answer . 
 a gaggle of knowing looks connected and passed over my head . 
 like a domino of disaster , it finally hit me . 
 we had bigger problems than witches and sentinel . 
 `` veronique chose mortimer , '' i said . 
 `` veronique chose mortimer , '' sofie echoed , her hands folding over each other in front of her face , as if in prayer . 
 i turned to see matching masks of guilt painted on the loving couple 's faces . 
 swallowing the terror bubbling up from the pit of my stomach , i whispered , `` what has viggo done ? '' 
 sofie 's stare bore into my soul , gripping it with icy fingers . 
 `` all paths will lead to one fate . '' 
 she said it as though quoting someone . 
 maybe she was . 
 `` viggo has started the war . '' 
