 ` come on , ' said vic . 
 ` it 'll be great . ' 
 ` no , it wo n't , ' i said , although i 'd lost this fight hours ago , and i knew it . 
 ` it 'll be brilliant , ' said vic , for the hundredth time . 
 ` girls ! 
 girls ! 
 girls ! ' 
 he grinned with white teeth . 
 we both attended an all-boys ' school in south london . 
 while it would be a lie to say that we had no experience with girls - vic seemed to have had many girlfriends , while i had kissed three of my sister 's friends - it would , i think , be perfectly true to say that we both chiefly spoke to , interacted with and only truly understood other boys . 
 well , i did , anyway . 
 it 's hard to speak for someone else , and i 've not seen vic for thirty years . 
 i 'm not sure that i would know what to say to him now if i did . 
 we were walking the back-streets that used to twine in a grimy maze behind east croydon station - a friend had told vic about a party , and vic was determined to go whether i liked it or not , and i did n't . 
 but my parents were away that week at a conference , and i was vic 's guest at his house , so i was trailing along beside him . 
 ` it 'll be the same as it always is , ' i said . 
 ` after an hour you 'll be off somewhere snogging the prettiest girl at the party , and i 'll be in the kitchen listening to somebody 's mum going on about politics or poetry or something . ' 
 ` you just have to talk to them , ' he said . ' 
 i think it 's probably that road at the end here . ' 
 he gestured cheerfully , swinging the bag with the bottle in it . 
 ` do n't you know ? ' 
 ` alison gave me directions and i wrote them on a bit of paper , but i left it on the hall table . 
 ` sokay . 
 i can find it . ' 
 ` how ? ' 
 hope welled slowly up inside me . 
 ` we walk down the road , ' he said , as if speaking to an idiot child . 
 ` and we look for the party . 
 easy . ' 
 i looked , but saw no party : just narrow houses with rusting cars or bikes in their concreted front gardens ; and the dusty glass fronts of newsagents , which smelled of alien spices and sold everything from birthday cards and second-hand comics to the kind of magazines that were so p ** n ographic they were sold already sealed in plastic bags . 
 i had been there when vic had slipped one of those magazines beneath his sweater , but the owner caught him on the pavement outside and made him give it back . 
 we reached the end of the road and turned into a narrow street of terraced houses . 
 everything looked very still and empty in the summer 's evening . 
 ` it 's all right for you , ' i said . 
 ` they fancy you . 
 you do n't actually have to talk to them . ' 
 it was true : one urchin grin from vic and he could have his pick of the room . 
 ` nah . 
 's not like that . 
 you 've just got to talk . ' 
 the times i had kissed my sister 's friends i had not spoken to them . 
 they had been around while my sister was off doing something elsewhere , and they had drifted into my orbit , and so i had kissed them . 
 i do not remember any talking . 
 i did not know what to say to girls , and i told him so . 
 ` they 're just girls , ' said vic . 
 ` they do n't come from another planet . ' 
 as we followed the curve of the road around , my hopes that the party would prove unfindable began to fade : a low pulsing noise , music muffled by walls and doors , could be heard from a house up ahead . 
 it was eight in the evening , not that early if you are n't yet sixteen , and we were n't . 
 not quite . 
 i had parents who liked to know where i was , but i do n't think vic 's parents cared that much . 
 he was the youngest of five boys . 
 that in itself seemed magical to me : i merely had two sisters , both younger than i was , and i felt both unique and lonely . 
 i had wanted a brother as far back as i could remember . 
 when i turned thirteen , i stopped wishing on falling stars or first stars , but back when i did , a brother was what i had wished for . 
 we went up the garden path , crazy paving leading us past a hedge and a solitary rose bush to a pebble-dashed facade . 
 we rang the doorbell , and the door was opened by a girl . 
 i could not have told you how old she was , which was one of the things about girls i had begun to hate : when you start out as kids you 're just boys and girls , going through time at the same speed , and you 're all five , or seven , or eleven together . 
 and then one day there 's a lurch and the girls just sort of sprint off into the future ahead of you , and they know all about everything , and they have periods and br ** sts and makeup and god-only-knew-what-else - for i certainly did n't . 
 the diagrams in biology textbooks were no substitute for being , in a very real sense , young adults . 
 and the girls of our age were . 
 vic and i were n't young adults , and i was beginning to suspect that even when i started needing to shave every day , instead of once every couple of weeks , i would still be way behind . 
 the girl said , ` hello ? ' 
 vic said , ` we 're friends of alison 's . ' 
 we had met alison , all freckles and orange hair and a wicked smile , in hamburg , on a german exchange . 
 the exchange organisers had sent some girls with us , from a local girls ' school , to balance the sexes . 
 the girls , our age , more or less , were raucous and funny , and had more or less adult boyfriends with cars and jobs and motorbikes and - in the case of one girl with crooked teeth and a raccoon coat , who spoke to me about it sadly at the end of a party in hamburg , in , of course , the kitchen - a wife and kids . 
 ` she is n't here , ' said the girl at the door . 
 ` no alison . ' 
 ` not to worry , ' said vic , with an easy grin . 
 ` i 'm vic . 
 this is enn . ' 
 a beat , and then the girl smiled back at him . 
 vic had a bottle of white wine in a plastic bag , removed from his parents ' kitchen cabinet . 
 ` where should i put this , then ? ' 
 she stood out of the way , letting us enter . 
 ` there 's a kitchen in the back , ' she said . 
 ` put it on the table there , with the other bottles . ' 
 she had golden , wavy hair , and she was very beautiful . 
 the hall was dim in the twilight , but i could see that she was beautiful . 
 ` what 's your name , then ? ' 
 said vic . 
 she told him it was stella , and he grinned his crooked white grin and told her that that had to be the prettiest name he had ever heard . 
 smooth bastard . 
 and what was worse was that he said it like he meant it . 
 vic headed back to drop off the wine in the kitchen , and i looked into the front room , where the music was coming from . 
 there were people dancing in there . 
 stella walked in , and she started to dance , swaying to the music all alone , and i watched her . 
 this was during the early days of punk . 
 on our own record-players we would play the adverts and the jam , the stranglers and the clash and the sex pistols . 
 at other people 's parties you 'd hear elo or 10cc or even roxy music . 
 maybe some bowie , if you were lucky . 
 during the german exchange , the only lp that we had all been able to agree on was neil young 's harvest , and his song ` heart of gold ' had threaded through the trip like a refrain : like him , we 'd crossed the ocean for a heart of gold ... the music playing in that front room was n't anything i recognised . 
 it sounded a bit like a german electronic pop group called kraftwerk , and a bit like an lp i 'd been given for my last birthday , of strange sounds made by the bbc radiophonic workshop . 
 the music had a beat , though , and the half-dozen girls in that room were moving gently to it , although i only had eyes for stella . 
 she shone . 
 vic pushed past me , into the room . 
 he was holding a can of lager . 
 ` there 's booze back in the kitchen , ' he told me . 
 he wandered over to stella and he began to talk to her . 
 i could n't hear what they were saying over the music , but i knew that there was no room for me in that conversation . 
 i did n't like beer , not back then . 
 i went off to see if there was something i wanted to drink . 
 on the kitchen table stood a large bottle of coca-cola , and i poured myself a plastic tumblerful , and i did n't dare say anything to the pair of girls who were talking in the underlit kitchen . 
 they were animated , and utterly lovely . 
 each of them had very black skin and glossy hair and movie-star clothes , and their accents were foreign , and each of them was out of my league . 
 i wandered , coke in hand . 
 the house was deeper than it looked , larger and more complex than the two-up two-down model i had imagined . 
 the rooms were underlit - i doubt there was a bulb of more than forty watts in the building - and each room i went into was inhabited : in my memory , inhabited only by girls . 
 i did not go upstairs . 
 a girl was the only occupant of the conservatory . 
 her hair was so fair it was white , and long , and straight , and she sat at the glass-topped table , her hands clasped together , staring at the garden outside , and the gathering dusk . 
 she seemed wistful . 
 ` do you mind if i sit here ? ' 
 i asked , gesturing with my cup . 
 she shook her head , and then followed it up with a shrug , to indicate that it was all the same to her . 
 i sat down . 
 vic walked past the conservatory door . 
 he was talking to stella , but he looked in at me , sitting at the table , wrapped in shyness and awkwardness , and he opened and closed his hand in a parody of a speaking mouth . 
 talk . 
 right . 
 ` are you from round here ? ' 
 i asked the girl . 
 she shook her head . 
 she wore a low-cut silvery top , and i tried not to stare at the swell of her br ** sts . 
 i said , ` what 's your name ? 
 i 'm enn . ' 
 ` wain 's wain , ' she said , or something that sounded like it . 
 ` i 'm a second . ' 
 ` that 's uh . 
 that 's a different name . ' 
 she fixed me with huge liquid eyes . 
 ` it indicates that my progenitor was also wain , and that i am obliged to report back to her . 
 i may not breed . ' 
 ` ah . 
 well . 
 bit early for that anyway , is n't it ? ' 
 she unclasped her hands , raised them above the table , spread her fingers . 
 ` you see ? ' 
 the little finger on her left hand was crooked , and it bifurcated at the top , splitting into two smaller fingertips . 
 a minor deformity . 
 ` when i was finished a decision was needed . 
 would i be retained , or eliminated ? 
 i was fortunate that the decision was with me . 
 now , i travel , while my more perfect sisters remain at home in stasis . 
 they were firsts . 
 i am a second . 
 ` soon i must return to wain , and tell her all i have seen . 
 all my impressions of this place of yours . ' ' 
 i do n't actually live in croydon , ' i said . ' 
 i do n't come from here . ' 
 i wondered if she was american . 
 i had no idea what she was talking about . 
 ` as you say , ' she agreed , ` neither of us comes from here . ' 
 she folded her six-fingered left hand beneath her right , as if tucking it out of sight . ' 
 i had expected it to be bigger , and cleaner , and more colourful . 
 but still , it is a jewel . ' 
 she yawned , covered her mouth with her right hand , only for a moment , before it was back on the table again . ' 
 i grow weary of the journeying , and i wish sometimes that it would end . 
 on a street in rio , at carnival , i saw them on a bridge , golden and tall and insect-eyed and winged , and elated i almost ran to greet them , before i saw that they were only people in costumes . 
 i said to hola colt , `` why do they try so hard to look like us ? '' 
 and hola colt replied , `` because they hate themselves , all shades of pink and brown , and so small . '' 
 it is what i experience , even me , and i am not grown . 
 it is like a world of children , or of elves . ' 
 then she smiled , and said , ` it was a good thing they could not any of them see hola colt . ' 
 ` um , ' i said , ` do you want to dance ? ' 
 she shook her head immediately . 
 ` it is not permitted , ' she said . ' 
 i can do nothing that might cause damage to property . 
 i am wain 's . ' 
 ` would you like something to drink , then ? ' 
 ` water , ' she said . 
 i went back to the kitchen and poured myself another coke , and filled a cup with water from the tap . 
 from the kitchen back to the hall , and from there into the conservatory , but now it was quite empty . 
 i wondered if the girl had gone to the toilet , and if she might change her mind about dancing later . 
 i walked back to the front room and stared in . 
 the place was filling up . 
 there were more girls dancing , and several lads i did n't know , who looked a few years older than me and vic . 
 the lads and the girls all kept their distance , but vic was holding stella 's hand as they danced , and when the song ended he put an arm around her , casually , almost proprietorially , to make sure that nobody else cut in . 
 i wondered if the girl i had been talking to in the conservatory was now upstairs , as she did not appear to be on the ground floor . 
 i walked into the living room , which was across the hall from the room where the people were dancing , and i sat down on the sofa . 
 there was a girl sitting there already . 
 she had dark hair , cut short and spiky , and a nervous manner . 
 talk , i thought . 
 ` um , this mug of water 's going spare , ' i told her , ` if you want it ? ' 
 she nodded , and reached out her hand and took the mug , extremely carefully , as if she were unused to taking things , as if she could trust neither her vision nor her hands . ' 
 i love being a tourist , ' she said , and smiled hesitantly . 
 she had a gap between her two front teeth , and she sipped the tap water as if she were an adult sipping a fine wine . 
 ` the last tour , we went to sun , and we swam in sunfire pools with the whales . 
 we heard their histories and we shivered in the chill of the outer places , then we swam deepward where the heat churned and comforted us . ' 
 i wanted to go back . 
 this time , i wanted it . 
 there was so much i had not seen . 
 instead we came to world . 
 do you like it ? ' 
 ` like what ? ' 
 she gestured vaguely to the room - the sofa , the armchairs , the curtains , the unused gas fire . 
 ` it 's all right , i suppose . ' ' 
 i told them i did not wish to visit world , ' she said . 
 ` my parent-teacher was unimpressed . 
 `` you will have much to learn , '' it told me . 
 i said , `` i could learn more in sun , again . 
 or in the deeps . 
 jessa spun webs between galaxies . 
 i want to do that . '' 
 ` but there was no reasoning with it , and i came to world . 
 parent-teacher engulfed me , and i was here , embodied in a decaying lump of meat hanging on a frame of calcium . 
 as i incarnated i felt things deep inside me , fluttering and pumping and squishing . 
 it was my first experience with pushing air through the mouth , vibrating the vocal cords on the way , and i used it to tell parent-teacher that i wished that i would die , which it acknowledged was the inevitable exit strategy from world . ' 
 there were black worry beads wrapped around her wrist , and she fiddled with them as she spoke . 
 ` but knowledge is there , in the meat , ' she said , ` and i am resolved to learn from it . ' 
 we were sitting close at the centre of the sofa now . 
 i decided i should put an arm around her , but casually . 
 i would extend my arm along the back of the sofa and eventually sort of creep it down , almost imperceptibly , until it was touching her . 
 she said , ` the thing with the liquid in the eyes , when the world blurs . 
 nobody told me , and i still do not understand . 
 i have touched the folds of the whisper and pulsed and flown with the tachyon swans , and i still do not understand . ' 
 she was n't the prettiest girl there , but she seemed nice enough , and she was a girl , anyway . 
 i let my arm slide down a little , tentatively , so that it made contact with her back , and she did not tell me to take it away . 
 vic called to me then , from the doorway . 
 he was standing with his arm around stella , protectively , waving at me . 
 i tried to let him know , by shaking my head , that i was on to something , but he called my name and , reluctantly , i got up from the sofa and walked over to the door . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` er . 
 look . 
 the party , ' said vic , apologetically . 
 ` it 's not the one i thought it was . 
 i 've been talking to stella and i figured it out . 
 well , she sort of explained it to me . 
 we 're at a different party . ' 
 ` christ . 
 are we in trouble ? 
 do we have to go ? ' 
 stella shook her head . 
 he leaned down and kissed her , gently , on the lips . 
 ` you 're just happy to have me here , are n't you , darlin ' ? ' 
 ` you know i am , ' she told him . 
 he looked from her back to me , and he smiled his white smile : roguish , lovable , a little bit artful dodger , a little bit wide-boy prince charming . 
 ` do n't worry . 
 they 're all tourists here anyway . 
 it 's a foreign-exchange thing , innit ? 
 like when we all went to germany . ' 
 ` it is ? ' 
 ` enn . 
 you got to talk to them . 
 and that means you got to listen to them too . 
 you understand ? ' ' 
 i did . 
 i already talked to a couple of them . ' 
 ` you getting anywhere ? ' ' 
 i was till you called me over . ' 
 ` sorry about that . 
 look , i just wanted to fill you in . 
 right ? ' 
 and he patted my arm and he walked away with stella . 
 then , together , the two of them went up the stairs . 
 understand me , all the girls at that party , in the twilight , were lovely ; they all had perfect faces but , more important than that , they had whatever strangeness of proportion , of oddness or humanity it is that makes a beauty something more than a shop-window dummy . 
 stella was the most lovely of any of them , but she , of course , was vic 's , and they were going upstairs together , and that was just how things would always be . 
 there were several people now sitting on the sofa , talking to the gap-toothed girl . 
 someone told a joke , and they all laughed . 
 i would have had to push my way in there to sit next to her again , and it did n't look like she was expecting me back , or cared that i had gone , so i wandered out into the hall . 
 i glanced in at the dancers , and found myself wondering where the music was coming from . 
 i could n't see a record-player or speakers . 
 from the hall i walked back to the kitchen . 
 kitchens are good at parties . 
 you never need an excuse to be there and , on the good side , at this party i could n't see any signs of someone 's mum . 
 i inspected the various bottles and cans on the kitchen table , then i poured half an inch of pernod into the bottom of my plastic cup , which i filled to the top with coke . 
 i dropped in a couple of ice-cubes , and took a sip , relishing the sweet-shop tang of the drink . 
 ` what 's that you 're drinking ? ' 
 a girl 's voice . 
 ` it 's pernod , ' i told her . 
 ` it tastes like aniseed balls , only it 's alcoholic . ' 
 i did n't say that i 'd only tried it because i 'd heard someone in the crowd ask for a pernod on a live velvet underground lp . 
 ` can i have one ? ' 
 i poured another pernod , topped it off with coke , passed it to her . 
 her hair was a coppery auburn , and it tumbled around her head in ringlets . 
 it 's not a hairstyle you see much now , but you saw it a lot back then . 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` triolet , ' she said . 
 ` pretty name , ' i told her , although i was n't sure that it was . 
 she was pretty , though . 
 ` it 's a verse form , ' she said , proudly . 
 ` like me . ' 
 ` you 're a poem ? ' 
 she smiled , and looked down and away , perhaps bashfully . 
 her profile was almost flat - a perfect grecian nose that came down from her forehead in a straight line . 
 we did antigone in the school theatre the previous year . 
 i was the messenger who brings creon the news of antigone 's death . 
 we wore half-masks that made us look like that . 
 i thought of that play , looking at her face , in the kitchen , and i thought of barry smith 's drawings of women in the conan comics : five years later i would have thought of the pre-raphaelites , of jane morris and lizzie siddall . 
 but i was only fifteen , then . 
 ` you 're a poem ? ' 
 i repeated . 
 she chewed her lower lip . 
 ` if you want . 
 i am a poem , or i am a pattern , or a race of people whose world was swallowed by the sea . ' 
 ` is n't it hard to be three things at the same time ? ' 
 ` what 's your name ? ' 
 ` enn . ' 
 ` so you are enn , ' she said . 
 ` and you are a male . 
 and you are a biped . 
 is it hard to be three things at the same time ? ' 
 ` but they are n't different things . 
 i mean , they are n't contradictory . ' 
 it was a word i had read many times but never said aloud before that night , and i put the stresses in the wrong places . 
 contradictory . 
 she wore a thin dress , made of a white , silky fabric . 
 her eyes were a pale green , a colour that would now make me think of tinted contact lenses ; but this was thirty years ago ; things were different then . 
 i remember wondering about vic and stella , upstairs . 
 by now , i was sure that they were in one of the bedrooms , and i envied vic so much it almost hurt . 
 still , i was talking to this girl , even if we were talking nonsense , even if her name was n't really triolet -lrb- my generation had not been given hippie names : all the rainbows and the sunshines and the moons , they were only six , seven , eight years old back then -rrb- . 
 she said , ` we knew that it would soon be over , and so we put it all into a poem , to tell the universe who we were , and why we were here , and what we said and did and thought and dreamed and yearned for . 
 we wrapped our dreams in words and patterned the words so that they would live for ever , unforgettable . 
 then we sent the poem as a pattern of flux , to wait in the heart of a star , beaming out its message in pulses and bursts and fuzzes across the electromagnetic spectrum , until the time when , on worlds a thousand sun-systems distant , the pattern would be decoded and read , and it would become a poem once again . ' 
 ` and then what happened ? ' 
 she looked at me with her green eyes , and it was as if she stared out at me from her own antigone half-mask ; but as if her pale green eyes were just a different , deeper , part of the mask . 
 ` you can not hear a poem without it changing you , ' she told me . 
 ` they heard it , and it colonised them . 
 it inherited them and it inhabited them , its rhythms becoming part of the way that they thought ; its images permanently transmuting their metaphors ; its verses , its outlook , its aspirations becoming their lives . 
 within a generation their children would be born already knowing the poem , and , sooner rather than later , as these things go , there were no more children born . 
 there was no need for them , not any longer . 
 there was only a poem , which took flesh and walked and spread itself across the vastness of the known . ' 
 i edged closer to her , so i could feel my leg pressing against hers . 
 she seemed to welcome it : she put her hand on my arm , affectionately , and i felt a smile spreading across my face . 
 ` there are places that we are welcomed , ' said triolet , ` and places where we are regarded as a noxious weed , or as a disease , something immediately to be quarantined and eliminated . 
 but where does contagion end and art begin ? ' ' 
 i do n't know , ' i said , still smiling . 
 i could hear the unfamiliar music as it pulsed and scattered and boomed in the front room . 
 she leaned into me then and - i suppose it was a kiss ... i suppose . 
 she pressed her lips to my lips , anyway , and then , satisfied , she pulled back , as if she had now marked me as her own . 
 ` would you like to hear it ? ' 
 she asked , and i nodded , unsure what she was offering me , but certain that i needed anything she was willing to give me . 
 she began to whisper something in my ear . 
 it 's the strangest thing about poetry - you can tell it 's poetry , even if you do n't speak the language . 
 you can hear homer 's greek without understanding a word , and you still know it 's poetry . 
 i 've heard polish poetry , and inuit poetry , and i knew what it was without knowing . 
 her whisper was like that . 
 i did n't know the language , but her words washed through me , perfect , and in my mind 's eye i saw towers of glass and diamond ; and people with eyes of the palest green ; and , unstoppable , beneath every syllable , i could feel the relentless advance of the ocean . 
 perhaps i kissed her properly . 
 i do n't remember . 
 i know i wanted to . 
 and then vic was shaking me violently . 
 ` come on ! ' 
 he was shouting . 
 ` quickly . 
 come on ! ' 
 in my head i began to come back from a thousand miles away . 
 ` idiot . 
 come on . 
 just get a move on , ' he said , and he swore at me . 
 there was fury in his voice . 
 for the first time that evening i recognised one of the songs being played in the front room . 
 a sad saxophone wail followed by a cascade of liquid chords , a man 's voice singing cut-up lyrics about the sons of the silent age . 
 i wanted to stay and hear the song . 
 she said , ' i am not finished . 
 there is yet more of me . ' 
 ` sorry , love , ' said vic , but he was n't smiling any longer . 
 ` there 'll be another time , ' and he grabbed me by the elbow and he twisted and pulled , forcing me from the room . 
 i did not resist . 
 i knew from experience that vic could beat the stuffing out of me if he got it into his head to do so . 
 he would n't do it unless he was upset or angry , but he was angry now . 
 out into the front hall . 
 as vic pulled open the door , i looked back one last time , over my shoulder , hoping to see triolet in the doorway to the kitchen , but she was not there . 
 i saw stella , though , at the top of the stairs . 
 she was staring down at vic , and i saw her face . 
 this all happened thirty years ago . 
 i have forgotten much , and i will forget more , and in the end i will forget everything ; yet , if i have any certainty of life beyond death , it is all wrapped up not in psalms or hymns , but in this one thing alone : i can not believe that i will ever forget that moment , or forget the expression on stella 's face as she watched vic hurrying away from her . 
 even in death i shall remember that . 
 her clothes were in disarray , and there was makeup smudged across her face , and her eyes - you would n't want to make a universe angry . 
 i bet an angry universe would look at you with eyes like that . 
 we ran then , me and vic , away from the party and the tourists and the twilight , ran as if a lightning storm was on our heels , a mad helter-skelter dash down the confusion of streets , threading through the maze , and we did not look back , and we did not stop until we could not breathe ; and then we stopped and panted , unable to run any longer . 
 we were in pain . 
 i held on to a wall , and vic threw up , hard and long , into the gutter . 
 he wiped his mouth . 
 ` she was n't a - ' he stopped . 
 he shook his head . 
 then he said , ` you know ... i think there 's a thing . 
 when you 've gone as far as you dare . 
 and if you go any further , you would n't be you any more ? 
 you 'd be the person who 'd done that ? 
 the places you just ca n't go ... i think that happened to me tonight . ' 
 i thought i knew what he was saying . 
 ` screw her , you mean ? ' 
 i said . 
 he rammed a knuckle hard against my temple , and twisted it violently . 
 i wondered if i was going to have to fight him - and lose - but after a moment he lowered his hand and moved away from me , making a low , gulping noise . 
 i looked at him curiously , and i realised that he was crying : his face was scarlet ; snot and tears ran down his cheeks . 
 vic was sobbing in the street , as unselfconsciously and heartbreakingly as a little boy . 
 he walked away from me then , shoulders heaving , and he hurried down the road so he was in front of me and i could no longer see his face . 
 i wondered what had occurred in that upstairs room to make him behave like that , to scare him so , and i could not even begin to guess . 
 the streetlights came on , one by one ; vic stumbled on ahead , while i trudged down the street behind him in the dusk , my feet treading out the measure of a poem that , try as i might , i could not properly remember and would never be able to repeat . 
