 chapter 1 odd there was a boy called odd , and there was nothing strange or unusual about that , not in that time or place . 
 odd meant the tip of a blade , and it was a lucky name . 
 he was odd , though . 
 at least , the other villagers thought so . 
 but if there was one thing that he was n't , it was lucky . 
 his father had been killed during a sea raid two years before , when odd was ten . 
 it was not unknown for people to get killed in sea raids , but his father was n't killed by a scotsman , dying in glory in the heat of battle as a viking should . 
 he had jumped overboard to rescue one of the stocky little ponies that they took with them on their raids as pack animals . 
 they would load the ponies up with all the gold and valuables and food and weapons that they could find , and the ponies would trudge back to the longship . 
 the ponies were the most valuable and hardworking things on the ship . 
 after olaf the tall was killed by a scotsman , odd 's father had to look after the ponies . 
 odd 's father was n't very experienced with ponies , being a woodcutter and wood-carver by trade , but he did his best . 
 on the return journey , one of the ponies got loose during a squall off orkney and fell overboard . 
 odd 's father jumped into the grey sea with a rope , pulled the pony back to the ship and , with the other vikings , hauled it back up on deck . 
 he died before the next morning of the cold and the wet and the water in his lungs . 
 when they returned to norway , they told odd 's mother , and odd 's mother told odd . 
 odd just shrugged . 
 he did n't cry . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 nobody knew what odd was feeling on the inside . 
 nobody knew what he thought . 
 and , in a village on the banks of a fjord , where everybody knew everybody 's business , that was infuriating . 
 there were no full-time vikings back then . 
 everybody had another job . 
 sea raiding was something the men did for fun or to get things they could n't find in their village . 
 they even got their wives that way . 
 odd 's mother , who was as dark as odd 's father had been fair , had been brought to the fjord on a longship from scotland . 
 she would sing odd the ballads that she had learned as a girl , back before odd 's father had taken her knife away and thrown her over his shoulder and carried her back to the longship . 
 odd wondered if she missed scotland , but when he asked her , she said no , not really , she just missed people who spoke her language . 
 she could speak the language of the norse now , but with an accent . 
 odd 's father had been a master of the axe . 
 he had a one-room cabin that he had built from logs deep in the little forest behind the fjord , and he would go out to the woods and return a week or so later with his handcart piled high with logs , all ready to weather and to split , for they made everything they could out of wood in those parts : wooden nails joined wooden boards to build wooden dwellings or wooden boats . 
 in the winter , when the snows were too deep for travel , odd 's father would sit by the fire and carve , making wood into faces and toys and drinking cups and bowls , while odd 's mother sewed and cooked and , always , sang . 
 she had a beautiful voice . 
 odd did n't understand the words of the songs she sang , but she would translate them after she had sung them , and his head would roil with fine lords riding out on their great horses , their noble falcons on their wrists , brave hounds always padding by their sides , off to get into all manner of trouble , fighting giants and rescuing maidens and freeing the oppressed from tyranny . 
 after odd 's father died , his mother sang less and less . 
 odd kept smiling , though , and it drove the villagers mad . 
 he even smiled after the accident that crippled his right leg . 
 odd 's father would sit by the fire and carve , making wood into faces and toys and drinking cups and bowls . 
 it was three weeks after the longship had come back without his father 's body . 
 odd had taken his father 's tree-cutting axe , so huge he could hardly lift it , and had hauled it out into the woods , certain that he knew all there was to know about cutting trees and determined to put this knowledge into practice . 
 he should possibly , he admitted to his mother later , have used the smaller axe and a smaller tree to practise on . 
 still , what he did was remarkable . 
 after the tree had fallen on his foot , he had used the axe to dig away the earth beneath his leg and he had pulled it out , and he had cut a branch to make himself a crutch to lean on , for the bones in his leg were shattered . 
 and , somehow , he had got himself home , hauling his father 's heavy axe with him , for metal was rare in those hills and axes needed to be bartered or stolen , and he could not have left it to rust . 
 so two years passed , and odd 's mother married fat elfred , who was amiable enough when he had not been drinking , but he already had four sons and three daughters from a previous marriage -lrb- his wife had been struck by lightning -rrb- , and he had no time for a crippled stepson , so odd spent more and more time out in the great woods . 
 odd loved the spring , when the waterfalls began to course down the valleys and the woodland was covered with flowers . 
 he liked summer , when the first berries began to ripen , and autumn , when there were nuts and small apples . 
 odd did not care for the winter , when the villagers spent as much time as they could in the village 's great hall , eating root vegetables and salted meat . 
 in winter the men would fight and fart and sing and sleep and wake and fight again , and the women would shake their heads and sew and knit and mend . 
 by march , the worst of the winter would be over . 
 the snow would thaw , the rivers begin to run and the world would wake into itself again . 
 not that year . 
 winter hung in there , like an invalid refusing to die . 
 day after grey day the ice stayed hard ; the world remained unfriendly and cold . 
 in the village , people got on one another 's nerves . 
 they 'd been staring at each other across the great hall for four months now . 
 it was time for the men to make the longship seaworthy , time for the women to start clearing the ground for planting . 
 the games became nasty . 
 the jokes became mean . 
 fights were to hurt . 
 which is why , one morning at the end of march-some hours before the sun was up , when the frost was hard and the ground still like iron , while fat elfred and his children and odd 's mother were still asleep-odd put on his thickest , warmest clothes , stole a side of smoke-blackened salmon from where it hung in the rafters of fat elfred 's house and a firepot with a handful of glowing embers from the fire ; and he took his father 's second-best axe , which he tied by a leather thong to his belt , and limped out into the woods . 
 the snow was deep and treacherous , with a thick , shiny crust of ice . 
 it would have been hard walking for a man with two good legs , but for a boy with one good leg , one very bad leg and a wooden crutch , every hill was a mountain . 
 odd crossed a frozen lake , which should have melted weeks before , and went deep into the woods . 
 the days seemed almost as short as they had been in midwinter , and although it was only midafternoon it was dark as night by the time he reached his father 's old woodcutting hut . 
 the door was blocked by snow , and odd had to take a wooden spade and dig it out before he could enter . 
 he fed the firepot with kindling , and tended it until he felt safe transferring the fire into the fireplace , where the old logs were dry . 
 on the floor he found a lump of wood , slightly bigger than his fist . 
 he was going to throw it on the fire , but his fingers felt carving on the small wooden block , and so he put it to one side , to look at when it was light . 
 he gathered snow in a small pan , and melted it over the fire , and he ate smoked fish and hot berry-water . 
 it was good . 
 there were blankets in the corner still , and a straw-stuffed mattress , and he could imagine that the little room smelled of his father , and nobody hit him or called him a cripple or an idiot , and so , after building the fire high enough that it would still be burning in the morning , he went to sleep quite happy . 
 chapter 2 the fox , the eagle and the bear odd was woken by something scratching against the hut . 
 he pulled himself up to his feet , thought briefly about tales of trolls and monsters , hoped that it was n't a bear , then opened the door . 
 it was daylight outside , which meant it was late in the morning , and a fox was staring up at him , insolently , from the snow . 
 its muzzle was narrow , its ears were pricked and sharp and its expression was calculating and sly . 
 when it saw that odd was watching , it jumped into the air , as if it were trying to show off , and retreated a little way and then stopped . 
 it was red-orange , like flame , and it took a dancing step or two towards odd , and turned away , then looked back at odd as if it were inviting him to follow . 
 it was , odd concluded , an animal with a plan . 
 he had no plans , other than a general determination never to return to the village . 
 and it was not every day that you got to follow a fox . 
 so he did . 
 it moved like a flame , always ahead of him . 
 if odd slowed down , if the terrain was too difficult , if the boy got tired , then the fox would simply wait patiently at the top of the nearest rise until odd was ready , and then its tail would go up , and it would flicker forward into the snow . 
 odd pressed on . 
 there was a bird circling high overhead . 
 a hawk , odd thought , and then it landed in a dead tree , and he realized how big it was and knew it was an eagle . 
 its head was cocked oddly to one side , and odd was convinced it was watching him . 
 he followed the fox up a hill and down another -lrb- down was harder than up for odd , in the snow , with one bad foot and a crutch , and several times he fell -rrb- and then halfway up another , to a place where a dead pine tree stuck out from the hill like a rotten tooth . 
 a silver birch tree grew close beside the dead pine . 
 and it was here that the fox stopped . 
 a mournful bellow greeted them . 
 the dead tree had a hole in one side , the kind that bees sometimes inhabit and fill with honeycomb . 
 the people in odd 's village would make the honey into the alcoholic mead they drank to celebrate the safe return of their vikings , and the midwinter , and any other excuse they needed to celebrate . 
 an enormous brown bear had its front paw caught in the hollow of the pine tree . 
 odd smiled grimly . 
 it was obvious what had happened . 
 in order to get at the pine tree hollow , the bear had leaned its weight against the birch tree , bending it down and moving it out of the way . 
 but the moment the bear had pushed its paw into the hole , it had taken its weight off the birch , which had snapped back , and now the bear was profoundly trapped . 
 the animal bellowed once more , a deeply grumpy bellow . 
 it looked miserable , but not as if it were about to attack . 
 an enormous brown bear had its front paw caught in the hollow of the pine tree . 
 warily odd walked towards the tree . 
 above them , the eagle circled . 
 odd unhooked his axe from his belt and walked around the pine tree . 
 he cut a piece of wood about six inches long and used it to prop the two trees apart ; he did not want to crush the bear 's paw . 
 then , with clean , economical blows , he swung the blade of his axe against the birch . 
 the wood was hard , but he kept swinging , and he had soon come close to cutting it through . 
 odd looked at the bear . 
 the bear looked at odd with big brown eyes . 
 odd spoke aloud . 
 `` i ca n't run , '' he said to the bear . 
 `` so if you want to eat me , you 'll find me easy prey . 
 but i should have worried about that before , should n't i ? 
 too late now . '' 
 he took a deep breath and swung the axe one last time . 
 the birch tree tipped and fell away from the bear , who blinked and pulled its paw from the hollow in the pine tree . 
 the paw was dripping with honey . 
 the bear licked its paw with a startlingly pink tongue . 
 odd , who was hungry , picked a lump of honeycomb from the edge of the hole , and ate it , wax and all . 
 the honey oozed down his throat and made him cough . 
 the bear made a snuffling noise . 
 it reached into the tree , pulled out a huge lump of comb and finished it off in a couple of bites . 
 then it stood up on its hind legs and it roared . 
 odd wondered if he was going to die now , if the honey had just been an appetizer , but the bear got down on all fours once more and continued , single-mindedly , to empty the tree of honey . 
 it was getting dark . 
 odd knew it was time for him to head for home . 
 he started down the hill , and was almost at the bottom when he realized that he had absolutely no idea where his hut was . 
 he had followed the fox to get here , but the fox was not going to lead him back . 
 he tried to hurry , and he stumbled on a patch of ice , and his crutch went flying . 
 he landed face-first in the hard snow . 
 he crawled towards his crutch , and as he did so , he felt hot breath on the back of his neck . 
 `` hello , bear , '' said odd , cheerfully . 
 `` you had better eat me . 
 i 'll be more use as bear food than i will be frozen to death on the ice . '' 
 the bear did not seem to want to eat odd . 
 it sat down on the ice in front of him , and gestured with its paw . 
 `` you mean it ? '' 
 said odd . 
 `` you are n't going to eat me ? '' 
 the bear made a rumbling sort of noise in the back of its throat . 
 but it was a gloomy noise , and not a hungry noise , and odd decided to chance his luck . 
 the day could not get stranger , after all . 
 he clambered onto the bear 's back , holding his crutch with his left hand and clutching the bear 's fur with his right . 
 the bear stood up slowly , making sure the boy was on , then set off at a fast lope through the twilight . 
 as the bear sped up , the cold went through odd 's clothes and chilled him to the bone . 
 the fox dashed ahead of them , the eagle flew above them and odd thought crazily , happily , i 'm just like one of the brave lords in my mother 's ballads . 
 only without the horse , the dog and the falcon . 
 and he thought , i can never tell anyone about this , because they wo n't believe it . 
 because even i would n't believe it . 
 snow fell from branches as they brushed past and stung his face , but he laughed as they went . 
 the moon rose , pale and huge , and cold , cold , but odd laughed some more , because his hut was waiting for him , and he was an impossible lord riding a bear , and because he was odd . 
 the bear stopped in front of odd 's hut , and odd half climbed , half fell from the beast 's back . 
 he pulled himself up with his crutch , and then he said , `` thank you . '' 
 he thought the bear nodded its head in the moonlight , but perhaps he imagined it . 
 there was a crash of wings , and the eagle landed on the snow a few feet from odd . 
 it tipped its head on one side to stare at odd with an eye the color of honey . 
 there was nothing but darkness where its other eye should have been . 
 he walked up to his door . 
 the fox was already waiting there , sitting like a dog . 
 the bear padded up to the hut behind him . 
 odd looked from one animal to the other . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said testily , although it was obvious what they wanted . 
 and then , `` i suppose you had better come in , '' he said . 
 he opened the door . 
 and they came in . 
 chapter 3 the night conversation odd had imagined that the side of salmon would feed him for a week or more . 
 but bears and foxes and eagles all , he discovered , eat salmon , and he felt that feeding them was the least he could do to thank them for seeing him home . 
 they ate until it was all gone , but only odd and the eagle seemed satisfied . 
 the fox and the bear both looked like they were still hungry . 
 `` we 'll find more food tomorrow , '' said odd . 
 `` sleep now . '' 
 the animals stared at him . 
 he walked over to the straw mattress and climbed onto it , placing the crutch carefully against the wall , to pull himself up with when he woke . 
 the bed did n't smell like his father at all , he realized , as he lay down . 
 it just smelled like straw . 
 odd closed his eyes , and he was asleep . 
 dreams of darkness , of flashes , of moments-nothing he could hold on to , nothing that comforted him . 
 and then into the dream came a booming gloomy voice that said , `` it was n't my fault . '' 
 a higher voice , bitterly amused , said , `` oh , right . 
 i told you not to go pushing that tree down . 
 you just did n't listen . '' 
 `` i was hungry . 
 i could smell the honey . 
 you do n't know what it was like , smelling that honey . 
 it was better than mead . 
 better than roasted goose . '' 
 and then , the gloomy voice , so bass it made odd 's stomach vibrate , changed its tone . 
 `` and you , of all people , do n't need to go blaming anyone else . 
 it 's because of you we 're in this mess . '' 
 `` i thought we had a deal . 
 i thought we were n't going to keep harping on about a trivial little mistake ... '' `` you call this trivial ? '' 
 and then a third voice , high and raw , screeched , `` silence . '' 
 there was silence . 
 odd rolled over . 
 there was a glow from the fire embers , enough to see the inside of the hut , enough to confirm to odd that there were not another three people in there with him . 
 it was just him and the fox and the bear and the eagle ... `` it 's because of you we 're in this mess . '' 
 whatever they are , thought odd , they do n't seem to eat people . 
 he sat up , leaned against the wall . 
 the bear and the eagle both ignored him . 
 the fox darted him a green-eyed glance . 
 `` you were talking , '' said odd . 
 the animals looked at odd and at one another . 
 if they did not actually say `` who ? 
 us ? '' 
 it was there in their expressions , in the way they held themselves . 
 `` somebody was talking , '' said odd , `` and it was n't me . 
 there is n't anyone else in here . 
 that means it was you lot . 
 and there 's no point in arguing . '' 
 `` we were n't arguing , '' said the bear . 
 `` because we ca n't talk . '' 
 then it said , `` oops . '' 
 the fox and the eagle glared at the bear , who put a paw over its eyes and looked ashamed of itself . 
 odd sighed . 
 `` which one of you wants to explain what 's going on ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` nothing 's going on , '' said the fox brightly . 
 `` just a few talking animals . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 happens every day . 
 we 'll be out of your hair first thing in the morning . '' 
 the eagle fixed odd with its one good eye . 
 then it turned to the fox . 
 `` tell ! '' 
 the fox shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 `` oh , '' said the bear , `` i do n't know . 
 possibly because it 's all your fault ? '' 
 `` that 's a bit much , '' replied the fox . 
 `` blaming the whole thing on a chap like that . 
 it was n't like i set out to do this . 
 it could have happened to any of us . '' 
 `` what could ? '' 
 asked odd , exasperated . 
 `` and why can you talk ? '' 
 the bear pushed itself up onto all fours . 
 it made a rumbling noise , then it said , `` we can talk because , o mortal child-do not be afraid-beneath these animal disguises we wear ... well , not actual disguises , i mean we are actually a bear and a fox and a big bird , which is a rotten sort of thing to happen , but where was i. . . ? '' 
 `` gods ! '' 
 screeched the eagle . 
 `` gods ? '' 
 said odd . 
 `` aye . 
 gods , '' said the bear . 
 `` i was just getting to that . 
 i am great thor , lord of the thunders . 
 the eagle is lord odin , all-father , greatest of the gods . 
 and this runt-eared meddling fox is - '' `` loki , '' said the fox smoothly . 
 `` blood-brother to the gods . 
 smartest , sharpest , most brilliant of all the inhabitants of asgard , or so they say - '' `` brilliant ? '' 
 snorted the bear . 
 `` you would have fallen for it . 
 anyone would , '' said the fox . 
 `` fallen for what ? '' 
 said odd . 
 a flash of green eyes , a sigh and the fox began . 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 and you 'll see . 
 it could have happened to anyone . 
 so , asgard . 
 home of the mighty . 
 in the middle of a plain , surrounded by an impregnable wall built for us by a frost giant . 
 and it was due to me , i should add , that that wall did not cost us the giant 's fee , which was unreasonably high . '' 
 `` freya , '' said the bear . 
 `` the giant wanted freya . 
 most lovely of the goddesses-with , obviously , the exception of sif , my own little love . 
 and it wanted the sun and the moon . '' 
 `` if you interrupt me one more time , '' said the fox , `` one more time , i will not only stop talking , but i shall go off on my own and leave the two of you to fend for yourselves . '' 
 the bear said , `` yes , but - '' `` not one word . '' 
 the bear was silent . 
 the fox said , `` in the great hall of odin sat all the gods , drinking mead , eating and telling stories . 
 they drank and bragged and fought and boasted and drank , all through the night and well into the small hours . 
 the women had gone to bed hours since , and now the fires in the hall burned low and most of the gods slept where they sat , heads resting on the wooden tables . 
 even great odin slept in his high chair , his single eye closed in sleep . 
 and yet there was one among the gods who had drunk and eaten more than any of the others and still was not sleepy . 
 this was i , loki , called sky walker , and i was neither sleepy nor yet drunk , not even a little ... '' the bear made a noise , a small grumpy harrumph of disbelief . 
 the fox looked at him sharply . 
 `` i said one word ... '' `` that was n't a word , '' said the bear . 
 `` i just made a noise . 
 so . 
 you were n't drunk . '' 
 `` right . 
 i was n't . 
 and not-drunkenly i wandered out from the hall , and i walked , with my shoes that step on air , up to the top of the wall around asgard , and i looked out over the wall . 
 in the moonlight , standing beneath the wall , staring up at me , i saw the most beautiful woman anyone has ever seen . 
 her flesh was creamy , her hair was golden , her lips , her shoulders ... perfection . 
 and in a voice like the striking of a harp string , she called out to me . 
 ` hail , brave warrior , ' she said . '' 
 ` hail yourself , ' says i. ` hail , most beautiful of creatures , ' at which she laughed prettily and her eyes sparkled and i knew she liked me . 
 ` and what would a young lady of such loveliness be doing , a-wandering alone , and at night , with wolves and trolls and worse on the loose ? 
 let me offer you hospitality-the hospitality of loki , mightiest and wisest of all the lords of asgard . 
 i declare that i shall take you into my own house and care for you in every way that i can ! ' '' ' 
 i can not accept your offer , o brave and extremely good-looking one , ' she said to me , eyes shining like twin sapphires in the moonlight . 
 ` for although you are obviously tall and powerful and extremely attractive , i have promised my father-a king who lives far from here-that i will not give my heart or my lips to any but he who possesses one thing . ' '' 
 ` and that one thing is ? ' 
 says i , determined to bring her anything she named . '' 
 ` mjollnir , ' says the maiden . 
 ` the hammer of thor . ' 
 `` hah ! 
 pausing only to tell her not to go anywhere , my feet flew , and like the wind i rushed to the great hall . 
 they were all asleep , or so drunk it made no never mind . 
 there was thor , sleeping in a drunken stupor , his face on the gravy-covered wooden trencher , and hanging from his side , his hammer . 
 only the nimble fingers of loki , wiliest and cleverest , could have teased it from the belt without waking thor - '' at this , the bear made a deep noise in the back of its throat . 
 after glaring at it for a moment , the fox said , `` heavy it was , that hammer . 
 heavier than people dream . 
 it weighed as much as a small mountain . 
 too heavy to carry , if you are not thor . 
 and yet , not too much for my genius . 
 i took off my shoes , which , as i said , can walk on the air , and i tied them , one to the handle and one to the head . 
 then i snapped my fingers and the hammer followed me . 
 `` this time i hurried to the gates of asgard . 
 i unbarred them and i walked through-followed , i do not need to tell you , by the hammer . 
 `` the maiden was there . 
 she was sitting on a boulder and she was weeping . '' 
 ` why the tears , o loveliness itself ? ' 
 i asked . 
 `` at that , she looked up at me with a tear-stained face . ' 
 i weep because once i saw you , great and noble lord , i knew i could never love another . 
 and yet i am doomed to give my heart and my caress only to he who lets me touch the hammer of thor . ' 
 `` i reached out a hand and touched her cold , wet cheek . 
 ` dry your tears , ' i told her . 
 ` and behold ... the hammer of thor ! ' 
 `` she stopped crying then , and reached out her delicate hands and held the hammer tightly . 
 i had reckoned i could have my fun with the lady and still get the hammer back into the hall before thor woke up . 
 but we would need to get a move on . '' 
 ` now , ' i said . 
 ` about that kiss . ' 
 `` for a moment i thought she had begun to cry once again , and then i knew that she was laughing . 
 but the noise she made was not a sweet , tinkling , maidenly laugh . 
 it was a deep , crashing noise , like an ice sheet grinding against a mountainside . 
 `` the maiden pulled my shoes from the hammer and dropped them to the ground . 
 she held the hammer as if it was a feather . 
 a wave of cold engulfed me , and i found myself looking up at her , and to make matters worse she was n't even a she any longer . 
 `` she was a man . 
 well , not a man . 
 male , yes . 
 yet big as a high hill , icicles hanging from his beard . 
 and she-he , rather-said , ` after so long , all it took was one drunken , lust-ridden oaf , and asgard is ours . ' 
 then the frost giant peered down at me , and he gestured with the hammer of thor . 
 ` and you , ' he said in a deep and extremely satisfied voice , ` you need to be something else . ' 
 `` i felt my back pushing up . 
 i felt a tail pushing its way out from the base of my spine . 
 my fingers shrank into paws and claws . 
 it was n't the first time i had turned into animal form-i was a horse once , you know-but it was the first time it was imposed on me from the outside , and it was n't a nice feeling . 
 not a nice feeling at all . '' 
 `` it was worse for us , '' said the bear . 
 `` one moment you are fast asleep , dreaming about thunderstorms , and the next you 're being scrunched into a bear . 
 they turned the all-father into an eagle . '' 
 the eagle screeched , startling odd . 
 `` rage ! '' 
 it said . 
 `` the giant laughed at us , waving my hammer around the while , and then he forced heimdall to summon the rainbow bridge and exiled the three of us here to midgard . 
 there 's no more to tell . '' 
 there was silence then in the tiny hut . 
 only the crackle and spit of a pine branch on the fire . 
 `` well , '' said odd , `` gods or not , i ca n't keep feeding you , if this winter keeps going . 
 i do n't think i can keep feeding me . '' 
 `` we wo n't die , '' said the bear , `` because we ca n't die here . 
 but we 'll get hungry . 
 and we 'll get more wild . 
 more animal . 
 it 's something that happens when you have taken on animal form . 
 stay in it too long and you become what you pretend to be . 
 when loki was a horse - '' `` we do n't talk about that , '' said the fox . 
 `` so is that why the winter is n't ending ? '' 
 said odd . 
 `` the frost giants like the winter . 
 they are the winter , '' said the bear . 
 `` and if spring never comes ? 
 if summer does n't happen ? 
 if this winter just goes on forever ? '' 
 the bear said nothing . 
 the fox swished its tail impatiently . 
 they looked to the eagle . 
 it tilted its head back , and with one fiery yellow eye it stared at odd . 
 then it said , `` death ! '' 
 `` eventually , '' added the fox . 
 `` not immediately . 
 in a year or so . 
 and some creatures will go south . 
 but most of the people and the animals will die . 
 it 's happened before , back when we had wars with the frost giants at the dawn of time . 
 when they won , huge ice sheets would cover this part of the world . 
 when we won-and if it took us a hundred thousand years , we always did-the ice sheets would retreat and the spring would return . 
 but we were gods then , not animals . '' 
 `` and i had my hammer , '' said the bear . 
 `` well then , '' said odd . 
 `` we 'll set off as soon as it gets light enough to travel . '' 
 `` set off ? '' 
 said the fox . 
 `` for where ? '' 
 `` asgard , of course , '' said odd , and he smiled his infuriating smile . 
 then he went back to his little bed , and he went back to sleep . 
 chapter 4 making rainbows `` what 's that you 've got there ? '' 
 asked the fox . 
 `` it 's a lump of wood , '' said odd . 
 `` my father began to carve it into something years ago , and he left it here , but he never came back to finish it . '' 
 `` what was it going to be ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' admitted odd . 
 `` my father used to say that the carving was in the wood already . 
 you just had to find out what the wood wanted to be , and then take your knife and remove everything that was n't that . '' 
 `` mm . '' 
 the fox seemed unimpressed . 
 odd was riding on the bear 's back . 
 the fox trotted along beside them . 
 high above them , the eagle rode the winds . 
 the sun shone in a cloudless blue sky , and it was colder than it had been when there was cloud cover . 
 they were heading towards higher ground , along a rocky ridge , following a frozen river . 
 the wind hurt odd 's face and ears . 
 `` this wo n't work , '' said the bear gloomily . 
 `` i mean , whatever it is , it wo n't . '' 
 odd said nothing . 
 `` you 're smiling , are n't you , '' said the bear . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 the thing was this : you got to asgard , the place the gods came from , by crossing the rainbow bridge , which was called bifrost . 
 if you were a god , you simply wiggled your fingers and a rainbow appeared , and you walked across it . 
 high above them , the eagle rode the winds . 
 easy , or so the fox said , and the bear morosely agreed . 
 or at least , it was easy until you did n't have fingers . 
 which they did n't . 
 still , even if you did n't have fingers , loki pointed out , you could normally still find a rainbow and use it . 
 rainbows turned up after it rained , did n't they ? 
 well , they did n't in midwinter . 
 odd thought about it . 
 he thought about the way rainbows appeared on rainy days , when the sun came out . 
 `` i think , '' said the bear , `` as a responsible adult , i should point a few things out . '' 
 `` talk is free , '' said odd , `` but the wise man chooses when to spend his words . '' 
 it was something his father used to say . 
 `` i just thought i should point out that we are wasting our time . 
 we do n't have any way of getting to the rainbow bridge . 
 and if by some miracle we crossed it , look at us-we 're animals , and you can barely walk . 
 we ca n't defeat frost giants . 
 this whole thing is hopeless . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' said the fox . 
 `` if it 's hopeless , '' said odd , `` why are you coming with me ? '' 
 the animals said nothing . 
 the morning sun sparkled up at them from the snow , dazzling odd , making him squint . 
 `` nothing better to do , '' said the bear after a while . 
 `` up here ! '' 
 said odd . 
 he clung tightly to the bear 's fur as they clambered up the side of a steep hill . 
 they could see the mountains beyond . 
 `` stop , '' said odd . 
 the waterfall was one of his favorite places in the world . 
 from spring until midwinter it ran high and fast before it crashed down almost a hundred feet into the valley beneath , where it had carved out a rocky basin . 
 in high summer , when the sun barely set , the villagers would come out to the waterfall and splash around in the basin pool , letting the water tumble onto their heads . 
 now , the waterfall was frozen and ice ran from the crags down to the basin in twisted ropes and great clear icicles . 
 `` it 's a waterfall , '' said odd . 
 `` we used to come out here . 
 and when the water came down and the sun was shining brightly , you could see a rainbow , like a huge circle , all around the waterfall . '' 
 `` no water , '' said the fox . 
 `` no water , no rainbow . '' 
 `` there 's water , '' said odd . 
 `` but it 's ice . '' 
 he took the axe from his belt , pushed his crutch beneath his arm as he got down from the bear 's back and walked over the ice until he stood before the frozen waterfall . 
 he used the crutch to hold himself in position as best he could . 
 then he began to swing the axe . 
 the noise of the blade hitting the thick icicle cracked off the hills around them , making echoes that sounded as if an entire army of men was hammering on the ice ... there was a crash , and an icicle as large as odd smashed down to the surface of the frozen pool . 
 `` clever , '' said the bear , in the kind of tone of voice that meant that it was n't clever at all . 
 `` you broke it . '' 
 `` yes , '' said odd . 
 he inspected the shards of ice on the ground , picked up the biggest , most cleanly broken piece he could find , then took it to the side of the frozen pool , and put it on a rock , and stared at it . 
 `` it 's a lump of ice , '' said the fox . 
 `` if you ask me . '' 
 `` yes , '' said odd . 
 `` i think the rainbows are imprisoned in the ice when the water freezes . '' 
 the boy took out his knife and began to trace outlines on the ice block with the blade , going back and forth with it , scoring it as best he could . 
 the eagle circled high above them , almost invisible in the midwinter sun . 
 `` he 's been up there a long time , '' said the bear . 
 `` do you think he 's looking for something ? '' 
 the fox said , `` i worry about him . 
 it must be hard to be an eagle . 
 he could get lost in there . 
 when i was a horse ... '' `` a mare , you mean , '' said the bear with a grunt . 
 the fox tossed its head and walked away . 
 odd put his knife down and took out his axe once more . 
 `` i 've seen rainbows on the snow sometimes , '' said odd , loud enough for the fox to hear , `` and on the side of buildings , when the sun shone through the icicles . 
 and i thought , ice is only water , so it must have rainbows in it too . 
 when the water freezes , the rainbows are trapped in it , like fish in a shallow pool . 
 and the sunlight sets them free . '' 
 odd knelt on the frozen pond . 
 he hit the big lump of ice with his axe . 
 this did nothing-the axe just glanced off the ice and nearly cut into his leg . 
 `` do that again and you 'll break the axe , '' said the fox . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 he nosed along the bank of the frozen pool for several minutes . 
 then he began scrabbling at the snow . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 `` this is what you need . '' 
 he put his paw on a grey rock he had revealed . 
 odd pulled at the stone , which came up easily from the ground , and it proved to be a flint . 
 part of it was grey , but the other part , the translucent part of the flint , was a deep salmon-pink color , and it seemed to have been chipped . 
 `` do n't touch the edges , '' said the fox . 
 `` it 'll be sharp . 
 really sharp . 
 they did n't mess about when they made those things , and they do n't blunt easily if you make them well . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` a hand axe . 
 they used to do sacrifices here , on that big rock over there , and they used tools like this to slice up the animal and to part the flesh from the bones . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 there was satisfaction and pride in the fox 's voice as it said , `` who do you think they were making sacrifices to ? '' 
 odd brought the tool over to the lump of ice . 
 he ran his hands over the ice , slippery as a fish , then he began to attack the ice with the flint . 
 the rock felt warm in his hands . 
 hot , even . 
 `` it 's hot , '' said odd . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 said the fox , sounding pleased with itself . 
 the ice fell away under the flint axe , just as odd had wanted it to . 
 he hacked it into a shape that was almost triangular , thicker on one side than on the other . 
 the fox and the bear stood nearby watching . 
 the eagle descended to see what was going on , landed in the leafless branches of a tree and was still as a statue . 
 odd took his ice triangle and placed it so that the sunlight shone through it onto the white snow that drifted on the frozen pool . 
 nothing happened . 
 he twisted it , tilted it , moved it around and ... a puddle of light appeared on the snow , all the colors of the rainbow ... `` how is that ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 `` but it 's on the ground , '' said the bear doubtfully . 
 `` it should be in the air . 
 i mean , how can that be a bridge ? '' 
 the eagle took off from the tree with a clap of wings , and began to fly upwards . 
 `` i do n't think he 's very impressed , '' said the fox . 
 `` nice try . '' 
 odd shrugged . 
 he could feel his mouth pulling up into a smile even as his heart sank . 
 he had been so proud of himself , making a rainbow . 
 his hands were numb . 
 he hefted the stone axe , was about to throw it , hard , away from him and then simply dropped it . 
 a screech . 
 odd looked up to see the eagle plummeting towards them . 
 he began to step back , marvelling at the eagle 's speed , wondering how the bird could pull out in time ... it did n't pull out . 
 the eagle hit the patch of colored light on the white snow without slowing , as if it was diving into a pool of liquid water . 
 the puddle of color splashed ... and opened . 
 scarlet fell softly about them and everything was outlined in greens and blues and the world was raspberry-colored and leaf-colored and golden-colored and fire-colored and blueberry-colored and wine-colored . 
 odd 's world was colors , and , despite his crutch , he could feel himself falling forward , tumbling into the rainbow ... everything went dark . 
 odd 's eyes took moments to adjust , and when they did , above him was a velvet night sky , hung with a billion stars . 
 a rainbow arced across it , and odd was walking on the rainbow-no , not walking : his feet did not move . 
 it felt as if he was being carried up the arch , going upwards , forwards , uncertain how fast he was travelling , only certain that he was somehow swept up in the colors and that it was the colors of the rainbow that were carrying him along . 
 he looked behind him , wondering if he would see the snowy world he had left , but he saw nothing but blackness , empty even of stars . 
 odd 's stomach gave a sort of a lurch . 
 he could feel himself dropping , and he turned his head to see the rainbow fading . 
 through the prism of colors he saw huge fir trees , foggy and purple and blue and red , and then the trees came into focus and found their own color-a cool bluish green-as odd tumbled off the side of a fir tree and down into a drift of snow . 
 the scent of bruised fir tree surrounded him . 
 it was daylight . 
 he was wet , and cold , but unhurt . 
 he glanced up , but there was no sign of the rainbow bridge . 
 silently , across the thick snow , the fox and the bear were walking towards him . 
 and then , with a rattle and a clatter , the eagle landed on a branch beside him , making the snow on the branch fall flump to the ground . 
 the eagle looked less crazy now , thought odd . 
 and then , it looks bigger . 
 `` where is this place ? '' 
 asked odd , but he knew the answer , knew it even before the eagle threw back its head and screamed , with delight and with relish and with keen , dark joy , `` asgard ! '' 
 chapter 5 at mimir 's well really , truly , with all of his heart , odd found that he wanted to believe that he was still in the world he had known all his life . 
 that he was still in the country of the norse folk , that he was in midgard . 
 only he was n't , and he knew it . 
 the world smelled different , for a start . 
 it smelled alive . 
 everything he looked at looked sharper , more real , more there . 
 and if there was any doubt , then he only had to look at the animals . 
 `` you got bigger , '' he told them . 
 `` you 've grown . '' 
 and they had . 
 the fox 's ears were now level with odd 's chest . 
 the eagle 's wingspan , when the bird preened in the sunshine , was as wide as a longship . 
 the bear , which had not been small to begin with , was now the size of odd 's father 's hut , enormous in its bulk and in its bearishness . 
 `` we did n't grow , '' said the fox , its fur the vivid orange color of a blazing fire . 
 `` this is how big we are here . 
 we 're normal-sized . '' 
 odd nodded . 
 then he said , `` so this whole place is called asgard , and the town we have to go to is also called asgard , yes ? '' 
 `` we named it after ourselves , '' said the bear . 
 `` after the aesir . '' 
 `` how far is it to your place ? '' 
 the fox sniffed the air , then it looked around . 
 there were mountains behind them , and a forest all about them . 
 `` a day 's travel . 
 maybe a little more . 
 once we get through this forest we reach the plain , and the town is in the center of the plain . '' 
 odd nodded . 
 `` i suppose we should get on with it , then . '' 
 `` there will be time , '' said the bear . 
 `` asgard is not going anywhere . 
 and right now , i am hungry . 
 i am going fishing . 
 why do n't you two build us a fire ? '' 
 and without waiting to see what would happen , the great beast lumbered off into the darkness of the forest . 
 the eagle flapped its wings , loud as a small thunderclap , and it took off , circling higher and higher , and then followed the bear . 
 odd and the fox gathered wood , finding dry twigs and dead branches , then odd heaped them high . 
 he took out his knife and sliced a point on a hard stick , put the point against a piece of dry , soft wood , preparing to rotate the stick between his hands , to use the friction to make a fire . 
 the fox eyed him , unimpressed . 
 `` why bother ? '' 
 it said . 
 `` this is easier . '' 
 it put its muzzle against the heap of wood , breathed on the twigs . 
 the air above the twigs wavered and shimmered , then , with a crackle , the sticks caught fire . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 `` this is asgard , '' said the fox . 
 `` it 's less ... solid ... than the place you come from . 
 the gods-even transformed gods-well , there is power in this place ... you understand ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 but not to worry . '' 
 odd sat beside the fire and he waited for the bear and the eagle to return . 
 while he waited , he took out the piece of wood his father had started to carve . 
 he inspected it , puzzling over the shape , familiar yet strange , wondering what it had been intended to be , and why it should bother him so . 
 he ran his thumb over it , and it comforted him . 
 it was twilight by the time the bear brought back the largest trout odd had ever seen . 
 the boy gutted it with his knife -lrb- the fox devoured the raw guts enthusiastically -rrb- , then he speared it through with a long stick , cut two forked sticks to make an improvised spit and he roasted it over the fire , turning it every few minutes to ensure it did not burn . 
 when the fish was cooked , the eagle took the head , and the other three divided the meat between them , the bear eating more than the other two put together . 
 the twilight edged imperceptibly into night , and a huge , dark-yellow moon began to rise on the horizon , achingly slowly . 
 when they had finished eating , the fox went to sleep beside the fire , and the eagle flapped heavily off into a dead pine to sleep . 
 odd took the leftover fish and pushed it into a drift of snow , to keep it fresh , as his mother had taught him . 
 the bear looked at odd . 
 then it said casually , `` you must be thirsty . 
 come on . 
 let 's look for some water . '' 
 odd climbed onto the bear 's broad back , and held tight as it lumbered off into the darkness of the forest . 
 it did n't feel like they were looking for anything , though . 
 it felt like the bear knew exactly where he was going , that he was heading somewhere . 
 up a ridge and down into a small gorge and through a copse of trees , magical in its stillness , and then they were pushing through scratchy gorse , and now they were in a small clearing , in the center of which was a pool of liquid water . 
 `` careful , '' said the bear , quietly . 
 `` it goes down a long way . '' 
 odd stared . 
 the yellow moonlight was deceptive , but still ... `` there are shapes moving in the water , '' he said . 
 `` nothing in there that will hurt you , '' said the bear . 
 `` they 're just reflections , really . 
 it 's safe to drink . 
 i give you my word . '' 
 odd untied his wooden cup from his belt . 
 he dipped it into the water , and he drank . 
 the water was refreshing and strangely sweet . 
 he had not realized how thirsty he had been , and he filled and emptied his wooden cup four times . 
 and then he yawned . 
 `` feel so sleepy . '' 
 `` it 's all the travelling , '' said the bear . 
 `` here . 
 let me . '' 
 it pulled over several fallen fir branches at the edge of the clearing with its teeth . 
 `` curl up on these . '' 
 `` but the others ... '' said odd . 
 `` i 'll tell them you fell asleep in the woods , '' said the bear . 
 `` just do n't go wandering off . 
 for now , just rest . '' 
 and the bear lay down on the branches , crushing them under its bulk . 
 the boy lay beside the animal , smelling the deep bearish scent of it , pushing against the fur and feeling the softness and the warmth . 
 the world was comfortable and quiet and warm . 
 he was safe , and everything was enclosed by the dark ... when he opened his eyes once more , he was cold , and he was alone , and the moon was huge and white and high in the sky . 
 more than twice as big as the moon in midgard , thought odd , and he wondered if that was because asgard was closer to the moon , or whether it had its own moon ... the bear was gone . 
 in the pale moonlight odd could see shapes moving in the water of the pool , and he pulled himself to his feet and limped over to look more closely . 
 at the water 's edge he crouched down , made a cup from his hand , scooped up water , and drank . 
 the water was icy cold , but as he drank he felt warmed and safe and comfortable . 
 the figures in the water dissolved and reformed . 
 `` what do you need to see ? '' 
 asked a voice from behind odd . 
 odd said nothing . 
 `` you have drunk from my spring , '' said the voice . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 there was silence . 
 then , `` no , '' said the voice . 
 it sounded very old , so ancient odd could not tell if it was a man 's voice or a woman 's . 
 then the voice said , `` look . '' 
 on the water 's surface he saw reflections . 
 his father , in the winter , playing with him and his mother-a silly game of blindman 's buff that left them all giggling and helpless on the ground ... he saw a huge creature , with icicles in its beard and hair like the pattern the frost makes on the leaves and on the ice early in the morning , sitting beside a huge wall , scanning the horizon restlessly . 
 he saw his mother sitting in a corner of the great hall , sewing up fat elfred 's worn jerkin , and her eyes were red with tears . 
 he saw the cold plains where the frost giants live , saw frost giants hauling rocks , and feasting on great horned elk , and dancing beneath the moon . 
 he saw his father , sitting in the woodcutter 's hut he had so recently left himself . 
 his father had a knife in one hand , a lump of wood in the other . 
 he began to carve , a strange , distant smile on his face . 
 odd knew that smile ... he saw his father as a young man , leaping from the longship into the sea and running up a craggy beach . 
 odd knew that this was scotland , that soon his father would meet his mother ... he saw his mother sitting in a corner of the great hall ... and her eyes were red with tears . 
 he kept watching . 
 the moonlight was so bright in that place . 
 odd could see what he needed to . 
 after some time , he pulled out the lump of wood he had found in his father 's hut and his knife , and he began to carve , in smooth , confident strokes , removing everything that was n't part of the carving . 
 he carved until daybreak , when the bear crunched through the trees into the clearing . 
 it did not ask what odd had seen in the pool , and odd did not volunteer anything . 
 odd climbed onto the bear 's back . 
 `` you 're getting smaller again , '' said odd . 
 this was no longer the huge bear of the previous evening . 
 now it seemed only slightly bigger than it had been the first time odd had ridden it . 
 `` you 've shrunk . '' 
 `` if you say so , '' said the bear . 
 `` where do the frost giants come from ? '' 
 asked odd , as they bounded through the forest . 
 `` jotunheim , '' said the bear . 
 `` it means giants ' home . 
 it 's across the great river . 
 mostly they stay on their own side . 
 but they 've crossed before . 
 one time , one of them wanted the sun , the moon and lady freya . 
 the time before that , they wanted my hammer , mjollnir , and the hand of lady freya . 
 there was one time they wanted all the treasures of asgard and lady freya ... '' `` they must like lady freya a lot , '' said odd . 
 `` they do . 
 she 's very pretty . '' 
 `` what 's it like in jotunheim ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 `` bleak . 
 treeless . 
 cold . 
 desolate . 
 nothing like it is here . 
 you should ask loki . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he was n't always one of the aesir . 
 he was born a frost giant . 
 he was the smallest frost giant ever . 
 they used to laugh at him . 
 so he left . 
 saved odin 's life , on his travels . 
 and he ... '' the bear hesitated and seemed to think twice about whatever he had been going to say , then finished , '' ... he keeps things interesting . '' 
 and then the bear said , `` anything that you did last night , anything you saw ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 `` the wise man knows when to keep silent . 
 only the fool tells all he knows . '' 
 the fox and the eagle were waiting beside the remains of the fire . 
 odd finished what was left of the fish . 
 then the bear said , `` well ? 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 odd said , `` take me to the edge of the forest . 
 you wait for me . 
 i 'll walk alone from there to the gates of asgard . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked the fox . 
 `` because i do n't want the frost giants knowing you three are back , '' said odd . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 they set off . 
 `` i could get very used to travelling by bear , '' odd said . 
 but the bear only grunted . 
 chapter 6 the gates of asgard where the forest ended , the bear stopped , and odd climbed off . 
 he put his crutch beneath his armpit , gripped it hard with his right hand . 
 `` right , '' he said . 
 `` wish me good luck . 
 the blessing of the gods must count for something . '' 
 `` what if you do n't come back ? '' 
 said the fox . 
 `` then you 're no worse off now than you were before you met me , '' said odd cheerfully . 
 `` anyway , why should n't i come back ? '' 
 `` they could eat you , '' said the bear . 
 odd blinked . 
 `` ah ... do frost giants eat people ? '' 
 there was a pause . 
 the fox said , `` occasionally '' at the same time as the bear said , `` almost never . '' 
 the fox coughed . 
 `` i would n't worry , '' it said . 
 `` there 's barely any meat on you . 
 you 'd scarcely be worth the trouble of eating . '' 
 it grinned . 
 this did nothing to make odd feel any better . 
 he hefted his crutch and began to walk , slowly , laboriously , towards the huge stone wall that surrounded the city of the gods . 
 the snow had blown clear of the path , and although the ground was slippery in places , he found the walk was not as hard as he had expected . 
 days were longer here in asgard . 
 the sun was a silver coin that hung in the white sky . 
 odd pushed himself to keep walking , one step at a time , remembering back when he had walked with ease and never thought twice about the miracle of putting one foot in front of the other and pushing the world towards you . 
 at first , odd thought that the wall of asgard was as high as a tall man and that there was a pale statue of a man sitting on a boulder beside it-at least , he imagined it to be a statue . 
 and then he moved slowly closer , and closer , and the wall grew , and the pale statue grew also , until , as the boy got closer still , he had to throw back his head to look at them . 
 every step he took towards the gates , towards the huge pale figure on the boulder , he felt the temperature drop . 
 and then the statue moved , and odd knew . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the voice tumbled across the plain like an avalanche . 
 `` i 'm called odd , '' shouted odd , and he smiled . 
 the frost giant peered down at him . 
 there were icicles in its eyebrows , and its eyes were the color of lake ice just before it cracks and drops you into freezing water . 
 `` what are you ? 
 a god ? 
 a troll ? 
 some kind of walking corpse ? '' 
 `` i 'm a boy , '' yelled odd , and he smiled again . 
 `` and what in ymir 's name are you doing here ? '' 
 it is a strange sensation , talking to a being who could crush you like a man could crush a baby mouse . 
 and , thought odd , at least mice can run . 
 `` i 'm here to drive the frost giants from asgard , '' explained odd . 
 then he smiled at the giant , a big , happy , irritating smile . 
 it was the smile that did it . 
 if odd had not smiled , the giant would simply have picked him up and crushed the life from him , or squashed him against the boulder , or bitten his head off and kept him to snack on later . 
 but that smile , a smile that said that odd knew more than he was saying ... `` no , you wo n't , '' said the frost giant . 
 `` you ca n't . '' '' 
 ` fraid so , '' said odd . 
 `` i outwitted loki , '' said the frost giant portentously . 
 `` i bested thor . 
 i banished odin . 
 all of asgard is pacified and under my rule . 
 even now , my brothers march from jotunheim , as reinforcements . '' 
 he darted a look towards the horizon , to the north . 
 `` the gods are my slaves . 
 i am betrothed to the lovely freya . 
 and you honestly think you can go up against me ? '' 
 odd just shrugged and continued to smile . 
 it was his broadest , most irritating smile , and at home , it had always gotten him hit . 
 even the giant wanted to hurt him , to wipe that smile off his face . 
 but nobody had smiled at the giant like that before , and it bothered him . 
 `` i rule asgard ! '' 
 boomed the giant . 
 `` why ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i can hear you fine without you shouting , '' said odd , when the reverberations had died away . 
 and then he said , pitching his voice just a little quieter , so the giant had to lean in to listen , `` why do you want to rule asgard ? 
 why did you take it over ? '' 
 the frost giant raised himself from the huge boulder . 
 then he jerked a thumb behind him . 
 `` see that wall ? '' 
 he said . 
 you could n't avoid seeing it . 
 it filled the world . 
 every stone in the wall was bigger than the houses in odd 's village . 
 `` my brother built that wall . 
 he made a deal with the gods-to build them a wall inside six months , or he would take no payment . 
 and on the last day , as he was just about to complete it ... on the last hour of the last day , they cheated him . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` a mare , the most beautiful animal anyone had ever seen , ran across the plain and lured away the stallion who was hauling the stones for my brother . 
 it used womanish wiles . 
 the stallion broke its bonds , and the horses ran off into the woods together and were gone . 
 and then , just when my poor brother had nerved himself up to complain about how he was being treated , thor returned from his travels and killed him with his damnable hammer . 
 that 's how every tale of the gods and the frost giants ends-with thor killing giants . 
 well , not this time . '' 
 `` obviously not , '' said odd , who was beginning to have his suspicions about who the mare had been . 
 `` so , what did your brother want for payment ? '' 
 `` nothing really , '' said the giant , shifting from foot to foot . 
 `` just stuff . '' 
 he sat down again on the boulder . 
 where the air touched the frost giant , it seemed to steam . 
 odd had seen the water in the fjord steam in winter , when the air was colder than the water . 
 he wondered how cold the frost giant was . 
 `` he wanted the sun , '' said the giant , `` the moon . 
 and freya . 
 all things that i now control , for asgard is mine ! '' 
 `` yes . 
 you said that . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 the frost giant looked tired , odd thought . 
 then odd said , again , `` why ? 
 why did he want those things ? '' 
 the frost giant took a deep breath . 
 `` how dare you question me ! '' 
 he roared , and odd felt the earth shake beneath him . 
 he leaned on his crutch to keep his balance as icy winds blew past him . 
 odd did n't say anything . 
 he just smiled some more . 
 the giant said , `` would you mind if i picked you up ? 
 it would make it easier to talk if we were face-to-face . '' 
 `` so long as you 're careful , '' said odd . 
 the giant reached down and laid his hand flat on the ground , palm up , and odd clambered awkwardly onto it . 
 then the giant cupped his hand and lifted odd up , so the boy was on a level with his mouth , and the giant whispered , in a voice like the howl of a winter wind , `` beauty . '' 
 `` beauty ? '' 
 `` the three most beautiful things there are . 
 the sun , the moon and freya the lovely . 
 it 's not beautiful , really , in jotunheim . 
 there 's just rocks and crags and ... well , they can be beautiful too , if you take them the right way . 
 and we can see the sun there , and the moon . 
 no freya-nothing that beautiful . 
 she 's beautiful . 
 but she does have a tongue on her . '' 
 `` so you came here for beauty ? '' 
 `` beauty , and revenge for my brother . 
 i told the other frost giants i 'd do it , and they all laughed at me . 
 but they are n't laughing now , are they ? '' 
 then the giant cupped his hand and lifted odd up , so the boy was on a level with his mouth . 
 `` what about spring ? '' 
 `` spring ? '' 
 `` spring . 
 in midgard . 
 where i come from . 
 it is n't happening this year . 
 and if the winter continues , then everyone will die . 
 people . 
 animals . 
 plants . '' 
 frosty blue eyes bigger than windows stared at odd . 
 `` why should i care about that ? '' 
 the frost giant put odd down on the top of the wall around asgard , the wall his brother had built . 
 it was windy up there , and odd leaned into his crutch , scared that a gust of wind would blow him away and down to his death . 
 he glanced behind him , and was not surprised to see that the home of the gods looked almost exactly like the village on the fjord from which he had come . 
 bigger , of course , but of the same pattern-a feasting hall and smaller buildings all around it . 
 odd said , `` you should care because you care about beauty . 
 and there wo n't be any . 
 there will just be dead things . '' 
 `` dead things can be beautiful , '' said the frost giant . 
 `` anyway , i won it . 
 i beat them . 
 i fooled them and i tricked them . 
 i banished thor and odin and that miniature turncoat loki . '' 
 and then he sighed . 
 odd remembered what he had seen in the pool , the previous night . 
 he said , `` do you really think your brothers are on the way ? '' 
 `` ah , '' said the frost giant . 
 `` um . 
 they may be . 
 i mean , they all said they would ... if i did ... it 's just that i do n't think that any of them actually expected me to conquer this place , and they all have things to do , farms and houses and children and wives . 
 i do n't think that they really want to come down to the hot lands and play soldiers guarding a bunch of grumpy gods . '' 
 `` and i suppose they ca n't all be betrothed to lovely freya . '' 
 `` lucky them , '' said the frost giant , darkly . 
 `` she 's beautiful . 
 oh yes . 
 she 's beautiful . 
 i 'll give you that . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 icicles fell from his hair and crashed , tinkling , on the rocks beneath . 
 `` she 's got a carriage pulled by cats , you know . 
 i tried stroking them . '' 
 he held up the index finger of his right hand . 
 it was covered in scratches and cuts . 
 `` she said it was my own fault . 
 that i 'd got them overexcited . 
 `` she is beautiful , '' he said , and sighed . 
 `` but she only comes up to the top of my foot . 
 she shouts louder than a giantess when she 's angry . 
 and she 's always angry . '' 
 `` but you ca n't go home when you 've won , '' said odd . 
 `` exactly . 
 you wait here , in this hot , horrible place , for reinforcements who do n't want to come , while the locals hate you ... '' `` so go home , '' said odd . 
 `` tell them that i beat you . '' 
 he was n't smiling now . 
 the frost giant looked at odd , and odd looked at the frost giant . 
 the frost giant said , `` you 're too small to fight . 
 you would have to have outwitted me . '' 
 odd nodded . 
 `` my mother used to tell me stories about boys who tricked giants . 
 in one of them , they had a stone-throwing contest , but the boy had a bird , not a stone , and it went up into the air and just kept going . '' 
 `` i 'd never fall for that one , '' said the giant . 
 `` anyway , birds , they just head for the nearest tree . '' 
 `` i am trying , '' said odd , `` to allow you to go home with your honor intact and a whole skin . 
 you are n't making it any easier for me . '' 
 the giant said , `` a whole skin ? '' 
 `` you banished thor to midgard , '' said odd , `` yet he 's back now . 
 it 's only a matter of time until he gets here . '' 
 the giant blinked . 
 `` but i have his hammer , '' he said . 
 `` i turned it into this boulder i sit on . '' 
 `` go home . '' 
 `` but if i take freya back to jotunheim , she 'll just shout at me and make everything worse . 
 and if i take thor 's hammer , he 'll just come after it , and one day he 'll get it , and then he 'll kill me . '' 
 odd nodded in agreement . 
 it was true . 
 he knew it was . 
 when , in the years that followed , the gods told this tale , late at night , in their great hall , they always hesitated at this point , because in a moment odd will reach into his jerkin and pull out something carved of wood , and none of them , try how they might , was certain what it was . 
 some of the gods claimed that it was a wooden key , and some said it was a heart . 
 there was a school of thought that maintained that what odd had presented the giant with was a realistic carving of thor 's hammer , and that the giant had been unable to tell the real from the false , and had fled , in terror . 
 it was none of these things . 
 before he took it out , odd said , `` my father met my mother when our village was raiding somewhere in scotland . 
 that 's far to the south of us . 
 he discovered her trying to hide her father 's sheep in a cave , and she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen . 
 so he brought her , and the sheep , home . 
 he would not even touch her until he had taught her enough of the way we speak to be able to tell her he wanted her for his wife . 
 but he said that on the voyage home , she was so beautiful she lit up the world . 
 and she did . 
 she lit up his world , like the summer sun . '' 
 `` this was before you were born , '' said the frost giant . 
 `` true , '' said odd , `` but i saw it . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 odd knew , without being told , that it would be very , very wrong to mention the pool in the forest to the frost giant , let alone the shapes that he had seen moving in the pool the night before . 
 he lied , but it was the truth also . 
 he said , `` i saw it in my father 's eyes . 
 he loved her , and a few years ago he started to make something for her , but he left it unfinished , and then he did n't come back to finish it . 
 so last night , i finished it for him . 
 at first i did n't know how it was meant to look , and then i saw her ... i mean , it 's as i imagine her , my mother , when they had just met . 
 stolen from her people and her land , but brave and determined , and not ever going to give in to fear or grief or loneliness . '' 
 the giant said nothing . 
 odd said , `` you came here for beauty , did n't you ? 
 and you ca n't go back empty-handed . '' 
 he reached into his jerkin and he took out the thing that he had carved . 
 his father 's carving , which he had finished . 
 it was his mother , as she had looked before he was born . 
 it was the finest thing that odd had ever made , and it was beautiful . 
 the frost giant squinted at it , and then , just for a moment , smiled . 
 he put the carved head into his pouch , and he said , `` it is ... remarkable . 
 and lovely . 
 yes . 
 i will take it back with me to jotunheim , and it will brighten my hall . '' 
 the frost giant hesitated , then he said , a little wistfully , `` do you think i should say good-bye to lady freya ? '' 
 odd said , `` if you do , she 'll probably shout at you some more . '' 
 `` or beg me to take her with me , '' said the frost giant . 
 odd could have sworn that the frost giant shivered at that . 
 the frost giant took a step away from odd , and as he moved away , he grew . 
 he went from being the size of a high hill to being the size of a mountain . 
 then he reached an arm up into the grey of the winter sky . 
 his hand vanished in the cloud ... `` i think i need good weather to leave in , '' said the giant . 
 `` something to hide my tracks and to make me hard to follow . '' 
 odd could not see quite what the frost giant did , but when he lowered his hand , snow began to fall in huge white flakes that spun and tumbled and obscured the world . 
 the giant began to lumber away into the blizzard . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 called odd . 
 `` i do n't know your name ! '' 
 but the figure did not hear him , or if it did , it did not answer , and in moments it was lost to sight . 
 chapter 7 four transformations and a meal the eagle found him , as he sat on the wall , in an area that he had kept as free of snow as he could . 
 the great bird landed beside the boy . 
 `` good ? '' 
 it said . 
 it was twilight , and the snow was falling more gently now . 
 `` i 'm cold , '' said odd . 
 `` i nearly got blown off there a couple of times . 
 i was getting worried i 'd have to spend the rest of my life up on this wall . 
 but , yes , i 'm good . '' 
 the great bird landed beside the boy . 
 the eagle simply looked at him . 
 `` the frost giant 's gone , '' said odd . 
 `` i made him go away . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 asked the eagle . 
 `` magic , '' said odd , and he smiled , and thought , if magic means letting things do what they wanted to do , or be what they wanted to be ... `` down , '' said the eagle . 
 odd eyed the snowy rocks that made the wall . 
 `` i ca n't climb down that , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll die . '' 
 the eagle launched itself from the edge of the wall , circled downward . 
 it soon returned , flapping heavily , carrying a worn-looking soft leather shoe , which it dropped on the wall beside odd . 
 off again it went , into the snowy dusk , and came back with a shoe that was a twin to the first . 
 `` they 're too big for me , '' said odd . 
 `` loki 's , '' said the eagle . 
 `` oh , '' said odd , remembering the shoes from loki 's story , the ones that walked in the sky . 
 he pulled them on . 
 then , warily , heart pounding , odd limped to the edge of the wall , and when he got to the edge , he stopped . 
 he tried to jump , and nothing happened . 
 he did n't move a muscle . 
 oh come on , he told his feet , his good one and the one that was broken and twisted , the one that hurt all the time . 
 you 've got magical flying shoes on . 
 just walk out into the air , and you 'll be fine . 
 but his feet and his legs ignored him , and he stood where he was . 
 he turned to the eagle , who was wheeling above odd 's head impatiently . 
 `` i ca n't do it , '' he said . 
 `` i 've tried and i ca n't . '' 
 the eagle gave a screech , flapped its wings hard , and rose into the snowy air . 
 another screech . 
 odd looked around . 
 the eagle was heading straight for him , wings outstretched , hooked beak open wide , talons out , single eye aflame ... odd took an involuntary step backwards , and the eagle 's claws missed him by less than the width of a feather ... `` what was that for ? '' 
 he shouted after the bird . 
 then he looked down and saw the ground that was n't under his feet . 
 he was a very long way up , standing unsupported on the air . 
 `` oh , '' said odd . 
 then he smiled , and he slid down the sky like a boy going down a hill , shouting as he did so something that sounded remarkably like `` whee ! '' 
 and he landed as lightly as a snowflake . 
 odd pushed himself back up into the air and began to jump , ten , twenty , thirty feet at a time ... he moved towards the cluster of wooden buildings that were asgard , and did not stop until he heard the sound of cats , mewing and mrowling ... the goddess freya was nowhere near as scary as odd had imagined from the frost giant 's description . 
 true , she was beautiful , and her hair was golden , and her eyes were the blue of the summer sky , but it was her smile that odd warmed to-amused , and gentle , and forgiving . 
 it was safe , that smile , and he told her everything , or almost . 
 when she understood who the three animals really were , her smile became wider . 
 `` well , well , well , '' she said . 
 and then she said , `` boys ! '' 
 they were in the great mead hall now . 
 it was empty and no fire burned in the hearth . 
 the goddess reached out her right arm . 
 the eagle , which had been sitting on the ornately carved back of the highest chair , flapped over and landed awkwardly on her wrist . 
 its talons gripped her pale flesh so hard that crimson beads of blood welled up , yet she did not appear to notice this , or to be in any visible discomfort . 
 she scratched the back of the bird 's neck with her fingernail , and it preened against her . 
 `` odin all-father , '' she said . 
 `` wisest of the aesir . 
 one-eyed battle god . 
 you who drank the water of wisdom from mimir 's well ... return to us . '' 
 and then , with her left hand , she began to reshape the bird , to push at it , to change it ... a tall , grey-bearded man , with a cruel , wise face stood before them . 
 he was naked , something he seemed scarcely to notice . 
 he walked over to the tall chair , picked up a large grey cloak , and an ancient floppy-brimmed hat-which odd could have sworn had not been there the last time he looked-and he put them on . 
 `` i was far away , '' he told freya absently . 
 `` and getting farther away with every moment that passed . 
 good job . '' 
 but freya had already put her attention on the bear , and was kneading at it with both hands , pushing and shaping , like a mother bear licking her cubs into shape . 
 beneath her fair hands the bear changed . 
 he was red-bearded and covered in hair , and his upper arms looked as knotted and as powerful as ancient trees . 
 he was the biggest man , who was not a giant , that odd had ever seen . 
 he looked friendly , and he winked at odd , which made the boy feel strangely proud . 
 odin tossed thor a tunic , and he walked into the shadows to get dressed . 
 then he paused , and turned back . 
 `` i need my hammer , '' thor said . 
 `` i need mjollnir . '' 
 `` i know where it is , '' said odd . 
 `` it was hidden as a boulder . 
 i can show you , if you like . '' 
 `` when we 've finished the important business at hand , perhaps ? '' 
 said the fox . 
 `` me next . '' 
 freya looked at the animal , amused . 
 `` you know , '' she said , `` many people will find you much easier to cope with in that shape . 
 are you sure you do n't want me to leave you ? '' 
 the fox growled , then the growl became a choked cough , and the fox said , `` fair freya , you joke with me . 
 but do not the bards sing : '' ' a woman both fair and just and compassionate '' ` only she can be compared to glorious freya ' ? '' 
 `` loki , you caused all this , '' she said . 
 `` all of it . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` i admit it . 
 but i found the boy as well . 
 you ca n't just focus on the bad stuff . '' 
 `` one day , '' said freya softly , `` i will regret this . '' 
 but she smiled to herself , and she reached a hand out and touched the black tip of the fox 's muzzle , then ran her finger up between its ears and along its spine and all the way up to the very tip of its tail . 
 a shimmer-then a man stood in front of them , beardless , flame-haired , as pale of skin as freya herself . 
 eyes like green chips of ice . 
 odd wondered if loki had a fox 's eyes still , or if the fox had always had loki 's eyes . 
 thor threw loki some clothes . 
 `` cover yourself , '' he said bluntly . 
 now freya turned her attention to odd . 
 her gentle smile filled his world . 
 `` your turn , '' she said . 
 `` i look like this anyway , '' said odd . 
 `` i know , '' said freya . 
 she knelt down beside him , reached out a hand towards his injured leg . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 `` um . 
 if you want to . '' 
 she picked him up as if he was light as a leaf , and put him down on the great feasting table of the gods . 
 she reached down to his right foot and deftly unhooked it at the knee . 
 she ran a nail across the shin and the flesh parted . 
 freya looked at the bone , and her face fell . 
 `` it was crushed , '' she said , `` so much that not even i can repair it . ' 
 and then she said , `` but i can help . '' 
 she pushed her hand into the inside of odd 's leg , kneading the smashed bones , pulling together the fragments from inside the leg , smoothing them together . 
 then she opened the flesh of the foot and repeated the same operation , putting the pieces of foot bone and toe bone back where they were meant to be . 
 and then she encased the skeletal leg and foot in flesh once more , sealed it up , and the goddess freya reattached odd 's leg to odd , and it was as if it had always been there . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 `` i did the best i could do . 
 it 's better , but it 's not right , yet . '' 
 she seemed lost in thought , then she said brightly , `` why do n't i replace it entirely ? 
 what about a cat 's rear leg ? 
 or a chicken 's ? '' 
 odd smiled , and shook his head . 
 `` my leg is fine , '' he said . 
 odd stood up cautiously , put his weight on his right leg , trying to pretend he had not just seen his leg unhooked at the knee . 
 it did not hurt . 
 not really . 
 not like it used to . 
 `` give it time , '' said freya . 
 a huge hand came down and clapped odd on the shoulder , sending him flying . 
 `` now , laddie , '' boomed thor . 
 `` tell us just how you defeated the might of the frost giants . '' 
 he seemed much more cheerful than when he had been a bear . 
 `` there was only one of them , '' said odd . 
 `` when i tell the story , '' said thor , `` there will be at least a dozen . '' 
 `` i want my shoes back , '' said loki . 
 there was a feast that night in the great mead hall of the gods . 
 odin sat at the end of the table , in the magnificent , carved chair , saying almost as little as he had when he was an eagle . 
 thor , on his left side , boomed enthusiastically . 
 loki , who had to sit down at the far end of the table , was pleasant enough to everyone until he got drunk , and then , like a candle suddenly blowing out , he became unpleasant , and he said mean , foolish , unrepeatable things , and he leered at the goddesses , and soon enough thor and a large man with one hand , who odd thought might have been called tyr , were carrying loki from the hall . 
 `` he does n't learn , '' said odd . 
 he thought he had said it to himself , in his head , but freya , who was sitting beside him , said , `` no . 
 he does n't learn . 
 none of them do . 
 and they do n't change , either . 
 they ca n't . 
 it 's all part of being a god . '' 
 odd nodded . 
 he thought he understood , a little . 
 then freya said , `` have you eaten enough ? 
 have you drunk your fill ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you , '' said odd . 
 old odin left his chair , and walked towards them . 
 he wiped the goose grease from his mouth with his sleeve , smearing even more grease all over his grey beard . 
 he said , quietly , into odd 's ear , `` do you know what spring it was you drank from , boy ? 
 where the water came from ? 
 do you know what it cost me to drink there , many years ago ? 
 you did n't think you defeated the frost giants alone , did you ? '' 
 odd said only , `` thank you . '' 
 `` no , '' said odin . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the all-father was leaning on a staff carved with faces-dogs and horses and men and birds , skulls and reindeer and mice and women-all of them wrapped around odin 's stick . 
 you could look at it for hours and still not see every detail on that stick . 
 odin pushed the staff towards odd and said , `` this is for you . '' 
 odd said , `` but ... '' the old god looked at him gravely through his one good eye . 
 `` it is never wise to refuse the gifts of the gods , boy . '' 
 odd said , `` well , thank you . '' 
 and he took the staff . 
 it was comfortable . 
 it felt as though he could walk a long way , as long as he was leaning on that staff . 
 odin dipped his hand into a pitcher , brought it out holding a small globe of water no larger than a man 's eyeball . 
 he placed the water ball in front of a candle flame . 
 `` look into this , '' he said . 
 odd looked into the ball of water , and his world became a rainbow , and then it went dark . 
 when he opened his eyes , he was home . 
 chapter 8 afterwards odd leaned his weight on the staff and looked down at the village . 
 then he began to walk the path that would take him home . 
 he was still limping , a little . 
 his right foot would never be as strong as his left . 
 but it did not hurt , and he was grateful to freya for that . 
 as he headed down the path to the village , he heard a rushing noise . 
 it was the sound of snow melting , of new water trying to find its way to lower ground . 
 sometimes he heard a clump as snow fell from a tree onto the ground beneath , sometimes the deep thrum thrum thrum , followed by a harsh cracking sound , as the ice that had covered the edge of the bay through this eternal winter began to cleave and to break up . 
 in a few days , odd thought , this will all be mud . 
 in a few weeks it will be a riot of greenery . 
 odd reached the village . 
 for a moment he wondered if he had come to the wrong place , for nothing looked as he remembered it looking when he had left , less than a week before . 
 he remembered how the animals had grown , when they reached asgard , and then , how they seemed , later , to have shrunk . 
 he wondered if it was the air of asgard that did it , or if it had happened when he drank the water of the pool . 
 he reached fat elfred 's door and he rapped upon it sharply with his staff . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 called a voice . 
 `` it 's me . 
 odd , '' he said . 
 there was a noise inside the hut , an urgent whispering , then people talking in low voices . 
 odd could hear the loudest of the voices as it grumbled about good-for-nothings who stole a side of salmon , and how it was high time for someone to be taught a lesson he would never forget . 
 he heard the sound of a door being unbarred . 
 the door opened and fat elfred looked out . 
 he stared at odd , confused . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , in a most un-sorry tone of voice . 
 `` i thought my runaway stepson was here . '' 
 odd looked down at the man . 
 then he smiled and he said , `` it is him . 
 i mean , it 's me . 
 i 'm him . 
 i 'm odd . '' 
 fat elfred said nothing . 
 the heads of his various sons and daughters appeared around him . 
 they looked up at odd nervously . 
 `` is my mother here ? '' 
 asked odd . 
 fat elfred coughed . 
 `` you grew , '' he said . 
 `` if that is you . '' 
 odd just smiled-a smile so irritating that it had to be him . 
 the smallest of fat elfred 's children said , `` they got into fights after you went away . 
 she said we had to go and look for you and that it was dad 's fault you 'd run off , and he said it was n't and he would n't and good riddance to bad rubbish and she said right then , and she went back to your father 's old house on the other side of town . '' 
 `` it is him . 
 i mean , it 's me . 
 i 'm him . 
 i 'm odd . '' 
 odd winked down at the boy , as thor had once winked at him , and turned around and , leaning on his carved staff , limped through the village , which already seemed much too small for him and not just because he had grown so much since he had left . 
 soon the ice would melt and longships would be sailing . 
 he did not imagine anyone would refuse him a berth on a ship . 
 not now that he was big . 
 they would need a good pair of hands on the oars , after all . 
 nor would they argue if he chose to bring a passenger ... he reached down and knocked on the door of the house in which he had been born . 
 and when his mother opened the door , before she could hug him , before she could cry and laugh and cry once more , before she could offer him food and exclaim over how big he had grown and how fast children do spring up when they are out of your sight , before any of these things could happen , odd said , `` hello , mother . 
 how would you like to go back to scotland ? 
 for a while , at least . '' 
 `` that would be a fine thing , '' she said . 
 and odd smiled , and ducked his head to get through the door , and went inside . 
