 new york city , 1989 the man was far too close . 
 he lingered by the postbox about six feet away from magnus and ate a sloppy gray 's papaya hot dog covered in chili . 
 when he was done , he crumpled the chili-stained wrapper and threw it onto the ground in magnus 's general direction , then tugged at a hole in his denim jacket and did not look away . 
 it was like the look some animals gave their prey . 
 magnus was used to a certain amount of attention . 
 his clothing invited it . 
 he wore silver doc martens , artfully torn jeans so huge that only a narrow shining silver belt prevented them from slipping entirely off , and a pink t-shirt so big that it exposed collarbones and quite a slice of chest-the kind of clothing that made people think about nakedness . 
 small earrings rimmed one ear , ending in a larger one swinging from his earlobe , an earring shaped like a large silver cat wearing a crown and a smirk . 
 a silver ankh necklace rested at the point over his heart , and he had shrugged on a tailored black jacket with jet bead trimming , more to complement the ensemble than to protect against the night air . 
 the look was completed by a mohawk boasting a deep pink stripe . 
 and he was leaning against the outside wall of the west village clinic long after dark . 
 that was enough to bring out the worst in some people . 
 the clinic was for aids patients . 
 the modern plague house . 
 instead of showing compassion , or good sense , or care , many people regarded the clinic with hate and disgust . 
 every age thought they were so enlightened , and every age was stumbling around in much the same darkness of ignorance and fear . 
 `` freak , '' the man finally said . 
 magnus ignored this and continued reading his book , gilda radner 's it 's always something , under the dim fluorescent light of the clinic entrance . 
 now annoyed by the lack of reply , the man began to mumble a string of things under his breath . 
 magnus could n't hear what he was saying , but he could take an educated guess . 
 slurs about magnus 's perceived sexuality , no doubt . 
 `` why do n't you move along ? '' 
 magnus said , calmly flipping a page . 
 `` i know an all-night salon . 
 they can fix up that monobrow of yours in no time . '' 
 it was n't the right thing to say , but sometimes these things came out . 
 you could take only so much blind , stupid ignorance without cracking around the edges a bit . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 two cops walked by at that moment . 
 they cast their eyes in the direction of magnus and the stranger . 
 there was a look of warning for the man , and a look of thinly veiled disgust for magnus . 
 the look hurt a bit , but magnus was sadly used to this treatment . 
 he had sworn long ago that no one would ever change him-not the mundanes who hated him for one thing , or the shadowhunters currently hunting him for another . 
 the man walked off , but there were backward looks . 
 magnus shoved his book into his pocket . 
 it was almost eight o'clock and really too dark to be reading , and now he was distracted . 
 he looked around . 
 only a few years before , this had been one of the most vibrant , celebratory , and creative corners of the city . 
 good food on every corner , and couples strolling along . 
 now the cafes seemed sparsely populated . 
 the people walked quickly . 
 so many had died , so many wonderful people . 
 from where he was standing magnus could see three apartments formerly occupied by friends and lovers . 
 if he turned the corner and walked for five minutes , he 'd pass a dozen more dark windows . 
 mundanes died so easily . 
 no matter how many times he saw it , it never got easier . 
 he had lived for centuries now , and he was still waiting for death to get easier . 
 normally he avoided this street for this very reason , but tonight he was waiting for catarina to finish her shift at the clinic . 
 he shifted from foot to foot and pulled his jacket tighter around his chest , regretting for a moment that he had chosen based on fashionable flimsiness rather than actual warmth and comfort . 
 summer had stayed late , and then the trees had turned their leaves quickly . 
 now those leaves were dropping fast and the streets were bare and unsheltered . 
 the only bright spot was the keith haring mural on the clinic wall-bright cartoon figures in primary colors dancing together , a heart floating above them all . 
 magnus 's thoughts were interrupted by the sudden reappearance of the man , who had clearly just walked around the block and gotten himself into a total state over magnus 's comment . 
 this time the man walked right up to magnus and stood directly in front of him , almost toe to toe . 
 `` really ? '' 
 magnus said . 
 `` go away . 
 i 'm not in the mood . '' 
 in reply the man pulled out a jackknife and flicked it open . 
 their close stance meant that no one else could see it . 
 `` you realize , '' magnus said , not looking at the point of the knife just below his face , `` that by standing as you are , everyone will think we are kissing . 
 and that is terribly embarrassing for me . 
 i have much better taste in men . '' 
 `` you think i wo n't do it , freak ? 
 you - '' magnus 's hand went up . 
 a hot flash of blue spread between his fingers , and in the next second his assailant was flying backward across the sidewalk , then falling and striking his head against a fire hydrant . 
 for one moment , when the man 's prone form did n't move right away , magnus was worried that he had killed the man by accident , but then magnus saw him stir . 
 he peered up at magnus with his eyes narrowed , a combination of terror and fury plain on his face . 
 he was clearly a little stunned by what had just happened . 
 a trickle of blood ran down his forehead . 
 at that moment catarina emerged . 
 she appraised the situation quickly , went right to the fallen man , and passed her hand over his head , stopping the blood . 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` you came from in there ! 
 get off me ! 
 you got the thing all over you ! '' 
 `` you idiot , '' catarina said . 
 `` that 's not how you contract hiv . 
 i 'm a nurse . 
 let me - '' the stranger shoved catarina away and scrabbled to his feet . 
 across the street some passersby watched the exchange with mild curiosity . 
 but when the man stumbled off , they lost interest . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' she said to the retreating figure . 
 `` jackass . '' 
 she turned to magnus . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he said . 
 `` he was the one bleeding . '' 
 `` sometimes i wish i could just let someone like that bleed , '' catarina said , taking out a tissue and wiping her hands . 
 `` what are you doing here , anyway ? '' 
 `` i came here to see you home . '' 
 `` you do n't need to do that , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` it 's not safe . 
 and you 're exhausted . '' 
 catarina was listing slightly to one side . 
 magnus grabbed her hand . 
 she was so tired that magnus saw her glamour fade for a moment , saw a wash of blue on the hand he was holding . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she said again , but without much heart . 
 `` yes , '' magnus said . 
 `` obviously . 
 you know , if you do n't start taking care of yourself , you 'll force me to come to your house and make my magically disgusting tuna soup until you feel better . '' 
 catarina laughed . 
 `` anything but the tuna soup . '' 
 `` then we 'll eat something . 
 come on . 
 i 'll take you to veselka . 
 you need some goulash and a big piece of cake . '' 
 they walked east in silence , over slick piles of wet , crushed leaves . 
 veselka was quiet , and they got a table by the window . 
 the only people around them spoke quietly in russian and smoked , and ate cabbage rolls . 
 magnus had some coffee and rugelach . 
 catarina made it through a large bowl of borscht , a large plate of fried pierogi with onions and applesauce , a side of ukrainian meatballs , and a few cherry lime rickeys . 
 it was n't until she had finished these and ordered a dessert plate of cheese blintzes that she found the energy to speak . 
 `` it 's bad in there , '' she said . 
 `` it 's hard . '' 
 there was little magnus could say , so he just listened . 
 `` the patients need me , '' she said , poking her straw into the ice in her otherwise empty glass . 
 `` some of the doctors-people who should know better-won ' t even touch the patients . 
 and it 's so horrible , this disease . 
 the way they just waste away . 
 nobody should die like that . '' 
 `` no , '' magnus said . 
 catarina poked at the ice a moment longer and then leaned back in the booth and sighed deeply . 
 `` i ca n't believe the nephilim are causing trouble now , of all times , '' she said , rubbing her face with one hand . 
 `` nephilim kids , no less . 
 how is this even happening ? '' 
 this was the reason magnus had waited by the clinic to walk catarina home . 
 it was n't because the neighborhood was bad-the neighborhood was n't bad . 
 he 'd waited for catarina because it was no longer completely safe for downworlders to be alone . 
 he could hardly believe that downworld was in a state of chaos and fear over the actions of a gang of stupid shadowhunter youths . 
 when he had first heard the murmurings , just a few months before , magnus had rolled his eyes . 
 a pack of shadowhunters , barely twenty years old , barely more than children , were rebelling against their parents ' laws . 
 big deal . 
 the clave and covenant and respected-elders shtick had always seemed to magnus the ideal recipe for a youth revolt . 
 this group called themselves the circle , one downworlder report had said , and they were led by a charismatic youth named valentine . 
 the group comprised some of the brightest and best of their generation . 
 and the circle members were saying that the clave did not deal harshly enough with downworlders . 
 that was how the wheel turned , magnus supposed , one generation against the next-from aloysius starkweather , who 'd wanted werewolf heads on the wall , to will herondale , who had tried and never quite succeeded in hiding his open heart . 
 today 's youth thought that the clave 's policy of cold tolerance was too generous , apparently . 
 today 's youth wanted to fight monsters , and had conveniently decided that magnus 's people were monsters , every one . 
 magnus sighed . 
 this seemed like a season of hatred for all the world . 
 valentine 's circle had not done much yet . 
 perhaps they never would do much . 
 but they had done enough . 
 they had roamed idris , had gone through portals and visited other cities on missions to aid the institutes there , and in every city they 'd visited , downworlders had died . 
 there were always downworlders who broke the accords , and shadowhunters made them pay for it . 
 but magnus had not been born yesterday , or even this century . 
 he did not think it was a coincidence that wherever valentine and his friends went , death followed . 
 they were finding any excuse to rid the world of downworlders . 
 `` what does this valentine kid even want ? '' 
 catarina asked . 
 `` what 's his plan ? '' 
 `` he wants death and destruction for all downworld , '' said magnus . 
 `` his plan is possibly to be a huge jerk . '' 
 `` and what if they do come here ? '' 
 catarina asked . 
 `` what would the whitelaws even do ? '' 
 magnus had lived in new york for decades now , and had known the shadowhunters of the new york institute all that time . 
 for the last several decades the institute had been led by the whitelaws . 
 they had always been dutiful and distant . 
 magnus had never liked any of them , and none of them had ever liked magnus . 
 magnus had no proof that they would betray an innocent downworlder , but shadowhunters thought so much of their own kind and their own blood that magnus was n't sure what the whitelaws would do . 
 magnus had gone to meet with marian whitelaw , the head of the institute , and had told her of the reports from downworld that valentine and his little helpers were killing downworlders who were not breaking the accords , and then the circle members were lying about it to the clave afterward . 
 `` go to the clave , '' magnus had said to her . 
 `` tell them to control their unruly brats . '' 
 `` control your unruly tongue , '' marian whitelaw had said coldly , `` when you speak of your betters , warlock . 
 valentine morgenstern is considered a most promising shadowhunter , as are his young friends . 
 i knew his wife , jocelyn , when she was a child ; she is a sweet and lovely girl . 
 i will not doubt their goodness . 
 certainly not with no proof and based on the malicious gossip of downworld alone . '' 
 `` they are killing my people ! '' 
 `` they are killing downworlder criminals , in full compliance with the accords . 
 they are showing zeal in the pursuit of evil . 
 nothing bad can come from that . 
 i would not expect you to understand . '' 
 of course the shadowhunters would not believe that their best and brightest had become just a little bit too bloodthirsty . 
 of course they would accept the excuses valentine and the others gave them , and of course they would believe that magnus and any other downworlder who complained simply wanted criminals to escape justice . 
 knowing they could not turn to the shadowhunters , downworlders had tried to put their own safeguards in place . 
 a safe house had been set up in chinatown , through an amnesty between the constantly feuding vampires and werewolves , and everybody was on the watch . 
 downworlders were on their own . 
 but then , had n't they always been on their own ? 
 magnus sighed and eyed catarina over their plates . 
 `` eat , '' he said . 
 `` nothing 's happening right now . 
 it 's possible nothing will happen . '' 
 `` they killed a ` rogue vampire ' in chicago last week , '' she said , chopping into a blintz with a fork . 
 `` you know they 'll want to come here . '' 
 they ate in silence , pensive on magnus 's side and exhausted on catarina 's . 
 the check came , and magnus paid . 
 catarina did n't think much about things like money . 
 she was a nurse at a clinic with few resources , and he had ample cash on hand . 
 `` got ta get back , '' she said . 
 she scrubbed a hand over her weary face , and magnus saw cerulean trails in the wake of her fingertips , her glamour faltering even as she spoke . 
 `` you are going home and sleeping , '' magnus said . 
 `` i 'm your friend . 
 i know you . 
 you deserve a night off . 
 you should spend it indulging in wanton luxuries such as sleep . '' 
 `` what if something happens ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what if they come ? '' 
 `` i can get ragnor to help me . '' 
 `` ragnor 's in peru , '' said catarina . 
 `` he says he finds it very peaceful without your accursed presence , and that 's a direct quote . 
 could tessa come ? '' 
 magnus shook his head . 
 `` tessa is in los angeles . 
 the blackthorns , tessa 's daughter 's descendants , run the institute there . 
 tessa wants to keep an eye on them . '' 
 magnus was worried about tessa , too , hiding alone near the los angeles institute , that house on the high hills by the sea . 
 she was the youngest warlock whom magnus was close enough to that he called her a friend , and she had lived for years with the shadowhunters , where she could not practice magic to the extent that magnus , ragnor , or catarina could . 
 magnus had hideous visions of tessa hurling herself into a fight between shadowhunters . 
 tessa would never allow one of hers to be hurt if she could sacrifice herself in their place . 
 but magnus knew and liked the high warlock of los angeles . 
 he would not let tessa come to harm . 
 and ragnor was wily enough that magnus did not worry about him too much . 
 he would never let his guard down anywhere that he did not feel completely safe . 
 `` so it 's just us , '' catarina said . 
 magnus knew that catarina 's heart lay with mortals , and that she was involved more for friendship 's sake than because she wanted to fight shadowhunters . 
 catarina had her own battles to fight , her own ground to stand on . 
 she was more of a hero than any shadowhunter that magnus had ever met . 
 the shadowhunters had been chosen by an angel . 
 catarina herself had chosen to fight . 
 `` it 's looking like a quiet night , '' he said . 
 `` come on . 
 finish up and let me take you home . '' 
 `` is this chivalry ? '' 
 catarina said with a smile . 
 `` thought that was dead . '' 
 `` like us , it never dies . '' 
 they walked back the way they had come . 
 it was fully dark now , and the night had taken a decidedly cold turn . 
 there was a suggestion of rain . 
 catarina lived in a simple , slightly run-down walk-up off west twenty-first street , not too far from the clinic . 
 the stove never worked , and the trash cans out front were always overflowing , but she never seemed to care . 
 it had a bed and a place for her clothes . 
 that was all she needed . 
 she led a simpler life than magnus . 
 magnus made his way home , to his apartment farther down in the village , off christopher street . 
 his apartment was also a walk-up , and he took the steps two at a time . 
 unlike catarina 's , his place was extremely habitable . 
 the walls were bright and cheerful shades of rose and daisy yellow , and the apartment was furnished in some of the items he had collected over the years-a marvelous little french table , a few victorian settees , and an amazing art deco bedroom set entirely in mirrored glass . 
 normally , on a crisp early fall night like this , magnus would pour himself a glass of wine , put a cure album into his cd player , crank up the volume , and wait for business to start . 
 night was often his working time ; he had many walk-in clients , and there was always research to do or reading to catch up on . 
 tonight he made a pot of strong coffee , sat in the window seat , and looked down on the street below . 
 tonight , like every other night since the dark murmurs of the bloodthirsty young shadowhunters had started , he would sit and watch and think . 
 if the circle did come here , as it seemed that they would do eventually , what would happen ? 
 valentine had a special hatred for werewolves , they said , but he had killed a warlock in berlin for summoning demons . 
 magnus had been known to summon a demon himself a time or twenty . 
 it was extremely likely that if they came to new york , they would come for magnus . 
 the sensible thing would probably be to leave , disappear into the country . 
 he 'd gotten himself a little house in the florida keys to while away the brutal new york winters . 
 the house was on one of the smaller , less inhabited islands , and he had a fine boat there as well . 
 if anything happened , he could get in it and speed off into the sea , head for the caribbean or south america . 
 he 'd packed a bag several times , and unpacked it right after . 
 there was no point in running . 
 if the circle continued their campaign of so-called justice , they would make the entire world unsafe for downworlders . 
 and there was no way magnus could live with himself if he ran away and his friends , such as catarina , were left to try to defend themselves . 
 he did not like the idea of raphael santiago or any of his vampires being killed either , or any of the faeries he knew who worked on broadway , or the mermaids who swam in the east river . 
 magnus had always thought of himself as a rolling stone , but he had lived in new york a long time now . 
 he found himself wanting to defend not only his friends but his city . 
 so he was staying , and waiting , and trying to be ready for the circle when they came . 
 the waiting was hardest . 
 maybe that was why he had engaged the man by the clinic . 
 something in magnus wanted the fight to come . 
 he wiggled and flexed his fingers , and blue light webbed between them . 
 he opened the window and breathed in some of the night air , which smelled like a mix of rain , leaves , and pizza from the place on the corner . 
 `` just do it already , '' he said to no one . 
 the kid appeared under his window at around one in the morning , just when magnus had finally been able to distract himself and start translating an old greek text that had had been on his desk for weeks . 
 magnus happened to look up and noticed the kid pacing confusedly outside . 
 he was nine , maybe ten years old-a little east village street punk in a sex pistols shirt that probably belonged to an older sibling , and a baggy pair of gray sweatpants . 
 he had a ragged , home-done haircut . 
 and he wore no coat . 
 all of these things added up to a kid in trouble , and the general streetwise appearance plus a certain fluidity to the walk suggested werewolf . 
 magnus pushed open the window . 
 `` you looking for someone ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` are you magnificent bane ? '' 
 `` sure , '' said magnus . 
 `` let 's go with that . 
 hang on . 
 open the door when it buzzes . '' 
 he slid off the window seat and went to the buzzer by the door . 
 he heard the rapid footfalls on the steps . 
 this kid was in a hurry . 
 magnus had no sooner opened the door than the kid was inside . 
 once inside and in the light , the true extent of the boy 's distress was clear . 
 his cheeks were highly flushed and stained with dried tear trails . 
 he was sweating despite the cold , and his voice was shaking and urgent . 
 `` you got ta come , '' he said as he stumbled in . 
 `` they have my family . 
 they 're here . '' 
 `` who are here ? '' 
 `` the crazy shadowhunters everyone 's freaking about . 
 they 're here . 
 they have my family . 
 you got ta come now . '' 
 `` the circle ? '' 
 the kid shook his head , not in disagreement but in confusion . 
 magnus could see he did n't know what the circle was , but the description fit . 
 the kid had to be talking about the circle . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` in chinatown . 
 the safe house . '' 
 the kid almost shook with impatience . 
 `` my mom heard those freaks were here . 
 they already killed a whole buncha vampires up in spanish harlem earlier tonight , they said for killing mundanes , but nobody heard of any dead mundanes , and a faerie said they were coming down to chinatown to get us . 
 so my mom brought all of us to the safe house , but then they broke in . 
 i got out through a window . 
 my mom said to come to you . '' 
 the entire story was delivered in such a jumbled , frantic rush that magnus had no time to unpick it . 
 `` how many are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my mom and my brother and sister and six others from my pack . '' 
 so nine werewolves in danger . 
 the test had come , and come so quickly that magnus had no time to really go through his feelings or think through a plan . 
 `` did you hear anything the circle said ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` what did the circle accuse your family of doing ? '' 
 `` they said our old pack did something , but we do n't know anything about that . 
 it does n't matter , does it ? 
 they kill them anyway , that 's what everybody 's saying ! 
 you got ta come . '' 
 he grabbed magnus 's hand and made to pull him . 
 magnus detached the boy and reached for a pad and paper . 
 `` you , '' he said , scrawling down catarina 's address , `` you go here . 
 you go nowhere else . 
 you stay there . 
 there 's a nice blue lady there . 
 i will go to the safe house . '' 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 `` either you do as i say or i do n't go , '' magnus snapped . 
 `` there 's no time to argue . 
 you decide . '' 
 the boy teetered on the edge of tears . 
 he wiped his eyes roughly with the back of his hand . 
 `` you 'll get them ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 `` i promise , '' magnus said . 
 how he was going to do that , he had no idea . 
 but the fight had come . 
 at last the fight had come . 
 the last thing magnus did before he left was write down the details : where the safe house-a warehouse-was , what he feared the circle was planning to do to the werewolves inside it . 
 he folded up the piece of paper into the shape of a bird and sent it , with a flick of his fingers and a burst of blue sparks . 
 the frail little paper bird tumbled in the wind like a pale leaf , flying out into the night and toward the towers of manhattan , which cut the darkness like glittering knives . 
 he did n't know why he had bothered to send a message to the whitelaws . 
 he did n't think they would come . 
 magnus ran through chinatown , under neon signs that flickered and sizzled , through the yellow smog of the city that clung like begging ghosts to passersby . 
 he ran by a huddle of people freebasing on a street corner , and then finally reached the street where the warehouse stood , its tin roof rattling in the night wind . 
 a mundane would have seen it as smaller than it really was , shabby and dark , its windows boarded . 
 magnus saw the lights : magnus saw the broken window . 
 there was a small voice in magnus 's head calling for caution , but magnus had heard tell in great detail of what valentine 's circle did to vulnerable downworlders when they found them . 
 magnus ran toward the safe house , almost stumbling in his doc martens over the cracked pavement . 
 he reached the double doors , spray-painted with halos , crowns , and thorns , and flung them open wide . 
 in the main room of the safe house , their backs to the wall , stood a cluster of werewolves , still in human form , most of them , though magnus could see claws and teeth on some crouching in defensive positions . 
 surrounding them was a crowd of young shadowhunters . 
 everybody turned around and looked at magnus . 
 even if the shadowhunters had been expecting an interruption , and the werewolves had been hoping for a savior , apparently nobody had been expecting all the hot pink . 
 the reports about the circle were true . 
 so many of them were heartbreakingly young , a brand-new generation of shadowhunters , shining new warriors who had just reached adulthood . 
 magnus was not surprised , but he found it sad and infuriating , that they should throw the bright beginnings of their lives away on this senseless hate . 
 at the front of the shadowhunter crowd stood a little cluster of people who , though they were young , had an air of authority about them-the inner circle of valentine 's circle . 
 magnus did not recognize anyone who matched the description he 'd heard of the ringleader . 
 magnus was not certain , but he thought the current leader of the group was either the beautiful boy with the golden hair and the deep sweet blue eyes , or the young man beside him with the dark hair and narrow , intelligent face . 
 magnus had lived a long time , and could tell which members of a group were the leaders of the pack . 
 neither of these two looked imposing , but the body language of all the others deferred to them . 
 these two were flanked by a young man and a woman , both with black hair and fierce hawk-like faces , and behind the black-haired man stood a handsome curly-haired youth . 
 behind those stood about six more . 
 at the other end of the room was a door , a single door rather than double doors like the ones magnus had burst in through , an inside door that led to another chamber . 
 a stocky young shadowhunter stood in front of it . 
 there were too many of them to fight , and they were all so young and so fresh from the schoolrooms of idris that magnus would never have met them before . 
 magnus had not taught in the academy of the shadowhunters for decades , but he remembered the rooms , the lessons of the angel , the upturned young faces drinking in every word about their sacred duty . 
 and these newly adult nephilim had come out of their schoolrooms to do this . 
 `` valentine 's circle , i presume ? '' 
 he said , and he saw them all jolt at the words , as if they thought downworlders did not have their own ways of passing along information when they were being hunted . 
 `` but i do n't believe i see valentine morgenstern . 
 i hear he has charisma enough to draw birds out of trees and convince them to live under the sea , is tall , is devastatingly handsome , and has white-blond hair . 
 none of you fit that description . '' 
 magnus paused . 
 `` and you do n't have white-blond hair either . '' 
 they all looked shocked to be spoken to in that manner . 
 they were of idris , and no doubt if they knew warlocks at all , they knew warlocks like ragnor , who made certain to be professional and civil in all his dealings with the nephilim . 
 marian whitelaw might have told magnus to control his unruly tongue , but she had not been shocked by his speaking out . 
 these stupid children were content to hate from a distance , to fight and never speak to downworlders , to never risk for a moment seeing their designated enemies as anything like people . 
 they thought they knew it all , and they knew so little . 
 `` i am lucian graymark , '' said the young man with the thin clever face at the front of the group . 
 magnus had heard the name before-valentine 's parabatai , his second-in-command , dearer than a brother . 
 magnus disliked him as soon as he spoke . 
 `` who are you to come here and interfere with us in the pursuit of our sworn duty ? '' 
 graymark held his head high and spoke in a clear , authoritative voice that belied his years . 
 he looked every inch the perfect child of the angel , stern and merciless . 
 magnus looked back over his shoulder at the werewolves , huddled at the very back of the room . 
 magnus lifted a hand and painted a line of magic , a shimmering barrier of blue and gold . 
 he made the light blaze as fiercely as any angel 's sword might have , and barred the shadowhunters ' way . 
 `` i am magnus bane . 
 and you are trespassing in my city . '' 
 that got a little laugh . 
 `` your city ? '' 
 said lucian . 
 `` you need to let these people go . '' 
 `` those creatures , '' said lucian , `` are part of a wolf pack that killed my parabatai 's parents . 
 we tracked them down here . 
 we can now exact shadowhunter justice , as is our right . '' 
 `` we did n't kill any shadowhunters ! '' 
 the only woman among the werewolves said . 
 `` and my children are innocent . 
 killing my children would be murder . 
 bane , you have to make him let my children go . 
 he has my - '' `` i would hear no more of your whining like a mongrel dog , '' said the young man with the hawklike face , the one standing beside the black-haired woman . 
 they looked like a matched set , and the expressions on their faces were identically ferocious . 
 valentine was not famed for his mercy , and magnus did not have any confidence in his circle 's sparing the children . 
 the werewolves might have been partially shifted from human to wolf form , but they did not look ready to fight , and magnus did not know why . 
 there were too many shadowhunters for magnus to be sure he could fight them off successfully on his own . 
 the best he could hope for was to stall them with conversation , and hope that he could inspire doubt in some of the circle , or that catarina would come or that the whitelaws would come , and that they might stand with downworlders and not their own kind . 
 it seemed a very slim hope , but it was all he had . 
 magnus could not help but look again toward the golden-haired youth at the front of the group . 
 there was something terribly familiar about him , as well as a suggestion of tenderness about his mouth , and hurt in the deep blue wells of his eyes . 
 there was something that made magnus look toward him as the one chance to get the circle to turn from their purpose . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 those blue eyes narrowed . 
 `` stephen herondale . '' 
 `` i used to know the herondales very well , once upon a time , '' said magnus , and he saw it was a mistake by the way stephen herondale flinched . 
 the shadowhunter knew something , had heard some dark whisper about his family tree , then , and was desperate to prove it was not true . 
 magnus did not know how desperate stephen herondale might be , and he had no wish to find out . 
 magnus went on , genially addressing them all : `` i have always been a friend to shadowhunters . 
 i know many of your families , going back for hundreds of years . '' 
 `` there is nothing we can do to correct the questionable judgments of our ancestors , '' lucian said . 
 magnus hated this guy . 
 `` also , '' magnus went on , pointedly ignoring lucian graymark , `` i find your story suspect . 
 valentine is ready to hunt down any downworlder on any vague pretext . 
 what had the vampires he killed in harlem done to him ? '' 
 stephen herondale frowned , and glanced at lucian , who looked troubled in turn , but said , `` valentine told me he went hunting some vampires who broke the accords there . '' 
 `` oh , the downworlders are all so guilty . 
 and that is so very convenient for you , is n't it ? 
 what about their children ? 
 the boy who came to collect me was about nine . 
 has he been dining on shadowhunter flesh ? '' 
 `` the pups gnaw on whatever bones their elders drag in , '' muttered the black-haired woman , and the man beside her nodded . 
 `` maryse , robert , please . 
 valentine is a noble man ! '' 
 lucian said , his voice rising as he turned to address magnus . 
 `` he would not hurt a child . 
 valentine is my parabatai , my best beloved swordbrother . 
 his fight is mine . 
 his family has been destroyed , the accords have been broken , and he deserves and will have his vengeance . 
 stand aside , warlock . '' 
 lucian graymark did not have his hand on his weapon , but magnus saw that the black-haired woman , maryse , behind him had a blade shining between her fingers . 
 magnus looked again at stephen and realized exactly why his face was so familiar . 
 gold hair and blue eyes-he was a more ethereal and slender version of a young edmund herondale , as though edmund had come back from heaven , twice as angelic . 
 magnus had not known edmund for long , but edmund had been the father of will herondale , who had been one of the very few shadowhunters that magnus had ever thought of as a friend . 
 stephen saw magnus looking . 
 stephen 's eyes had narrowed so much now that the sweet blue of them was lost , and they seemed black . 
 `` enough of this byplay with demonspawn ! '' 
 said stephen . 
 he sounded as if he were quoting somebody , and magnus bet that he knew who . 
 `` stephen , do n't - '' lucian ordered , but golden-haired stephen had already flung a knife in the direction of one werewolf . 
 magnus flicked his hand and sent the knife dropping to the ground . 
 he glared at the werewolves . 
 the woman who had spoken before stared intensely back at him , as if trying to convey a message with her eyes alone . 
 `` this is what the modern young shadowhunter has become , is it ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` let me see , how does your little bedtime story about how super-duper extra special you all are go again ? 
 ... ah , yes . 
 through the ages your mandate has been to protect mankind , to fight against evil forces until they are finally vanquished and the world can live in peace . 
 you do n't seem terribly interested in peace or protecting anybody . 
 what is it that you 're fighting for , exactly ? '' 
 `` i am fighting for a better world for myself and my son , '' said the woman called maryse . 
 `` i have no interest in the world you want , '' magnus told her . 
 `` or in your doubtless repellent brat , i might add . '' 
 robert drew a dagger from his sleeve . 
 magnus was not prepared to waste all his magic deflecting daggers . 
 he lifted a hand into the air , and all the light in the room was quenched . 
 only the noise and neon glow of the city spilled in , not providing enough illumination to see by , but robert threw the dagger just the same . 
 that was when the glass of the windows broke and dark forms came flooding in : young rachel whitelaw landed in a roll on the floor in front of magnus , and took the blade meant for him in her shoulder . 
 magnus could see better in the dark than most . 
 he saw that , past all hope , the whitelaws had come . 
 marian whitelaw , the head of the institute ; her husband , adam ; and adam 's brother ; and the young whitelaw cousins whom marian and adam had taken in after their parents ' deaths . 
 the whitelaws had already been fighting tonight . 
 their gear was bloodstained and torn , and rachel whitelaw was clearly wounded . 
 there was blood in marian 's gray bob of hair , but magnus did not think it was hers . 
 marian and adam whitelaw , magnus happened to know , had not been able to have their own children . 
 the word was that they adored the young cousins who lived with them , that they always made a fuss over any young shadowhunters who came to their institute . 
 the circle members must have been peers of the whitelaw cousins , brought up together in idris . 
 the circle was exactly designed to win the whitelaws ' sympathy . 
 the circle was , however , in a panic . 
 they could not see as magnus could . 
 they did not know who was attacking them , only that somebody had come to magnus 's aid . 
 magnus saw the swing and heard the clash of blades meeting , so loud it was almost impossible to hear marian whitelaw 's shouted commands for the circle to stop and drop their weapons . 
 he wondered which of the circle even realized who they were fighting . 
 he conjured a small light in his palm and searched for the werewolf woman . 
 he had to know why the werewolves would not attack . 
 someone knocked into him . 
 magnus stared into the eyes of stephen herondale . 
 `` do you never have doubts about all this ? '' 
 magnus breathed . 
 `` no , '' stephen panted . 
 `` i have lost too much-i have sacrificed too much to this great cause ever to turn my back on it now . '' 
 as he spoke , he swung his knife up toward magnus 's throat . 
 magnus turned the hilt hot in the young man 's hand until he dropped it . 
 magnus suddenly did not care what stephen had sacrificed , or about the pain in his blue eyes . 
 he wanted stephen gone from this earth . 
 magnus wanted to forget he had ever seen stephen herondale 's face , so full of hate and so reminiscent of faces magnus had loved . 
 the warlock summoned a new spell into his hand and was about to hurl it at stephen , when a thought arrested him . 
 he did not know how he could face tessa again if he killed one of her descendants . 
 then marian whitelaw stepped into the light from the spell shimmering in magnus 's palm , and stephen 's face went blank with surprise . 
 `` ma'am , it 's you ! 
 we should n't - we 're shadowhunters . 
 we should n't be fighting over them . 
 they are downworlders , '' stephen hissed . 
 `` they will turn on you like the treacherous dogs they are . 
 that 's their nature . 
 they are not worth fighting for . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 `` i do n't have any proof these werewolves broke the accords . '' 
 `` valentine said , '' began stephen , but magnus heard the uncertainty in his voice . 
 lucian graymark might believe they only hunted downworlders who had broken the accords , but stephen at least knew they were acting as vigilantes rather than law-abiding shadowhunters . 
 stephen had been doing it , just the same . 
 `` i do not care what valentine morgenstern says . 
 i say that the law is hard , '' marian whitelaw replied . 
 she drew her blade , swung , and met stephen 's . 
 their eyes met , glittering , over their blades . 
 marian continued softly , `` but it is the law . 
 you will not touch these downworlders while i or any of my blood live . '' 
 chaos erupted , but magnus 's darkest imaginings had been proved wrong . 
 when the fight was joined , there were shadowhunters on his side , fighting with him against shadowhunters , fighting for downworlders and the accords of peace they had all agreed to . 
 the first fatality was the youngest whitelaw . 
 rachel whitelaw lunged at the woman called maryse , and the sheer ferocity of the attack took maryse aback so much that rachel almost had her . 
 maryse stumbled and collected herself , fumbling for a new blade . 
 then the black-haired man , robert , who magnus thought was her husband , lunged at rachel in his turn , and ran her through . 
 rachel sagged , the point of the man 's blade like a pin piercing her , as if she were a butterfly . 
 `` robert ! '' 
 said maryse softly , as if she could not believe this was happening . 
 robert unsheathed his sword from rachel 's chest , and rachel tumbled to the floor . 
 `` rachel whitelaw was just killed by a shadowhunter , '' shouted magnus , and even then he thought robert might cry out that he had been defending his wife . 
 magnus thought that the whitelaws might put away their blades rather than spill more nephilim blood . 
 but rachel had been the baby of the family , everyone 's special pet . 
 the whitelaws as one roared a challenge and hurled themselves into the fray with redoubled ferocity . 
 adam whitelaw , a stolid white-haired old man who had always seemed to simply follow his wife 's lead , charged at valentine 's circle , whirling a shining axe over his head , and cut down all those who stood before him . 
 magnus edged toward the werewolves , to the woman who was the only one who remained human , even though her teeth and claws were growing apace . 
 `` why are n't you fighting ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 the werewolf woman glared at him as if he were impossibly stupid . 
 `` because valentine 's here , '' she snapped . 
 `` because he has my daughter . 
 he took her through there , and they said if we moved to follow her , they would kill her . '' 
 magnus did not have an instant to reflect on what valentine might do to a helpless downworlder child . 
 he lifted a hand and blasted from his feet the stocky shadowhunter at the single door at the far end of the room , and then magnus ran toward the door . 
 he heard the cries behind him , of the whitelaws demanding , `` bane , where are you - '' and a shout , magnus thought from stephen , saying , `` he 's going after valentine ! 
 kill him ! '' 
 behind the door magnus heard a low , awful sound . 
 he pushed the door open . 
 on the other side of the door was a small ordinary room , the size of a bedroom , though there was no bed , only two people and a single chair . 
 there was a tall man with a fall of white-blond hair , wearing shadowhunter black . 
 he was stooped over a girl who looked about twelve . 
 she was fastened to the chair with silver cord , and was making a terrible low sound , a cross between a whine and a moan . 
 her eyes were shining , magnus thought for a moment , the moonlight turning them into mirrors . 
 his mistake lasted for the briefest of instants . 
 then valentine moved slightly and the gleam of the girl 's eyes resolved in magnus 's vision . 
 the gleam was not her eyes . 
 the moonlit shine was silver coins pressed to the girl 's eyes , tiny wisps of smoke escaping from beneath the bright discs as the tiny sounds escaped from between her lips . 
 she was trying to suppress the sound of her pain , because she was so scared of what valentine would do to her next . 
 `` where did your brother go ? '' 
 demanded valentine , and the girl 's sobbing continued , but she said nothing . 
 magnus felt for a moment as if he had become a storm , black curling clouds , the slam of thunder and slash of lightning , and all the storm wanted was to leap at valentine 's throat . 
 magnus 's magic lashed out almost of its own volition , leaped from both hands . 
 it looked like lightning , burning so blue that it was almost white . 
 it knocked valentine off his feet and into a wall . 
 valentine hit the wall so hard that a crack rang out , and he slid to the floor . 
 that one act also used up far too much of magnus 's power , but he could not think of that now . 
 he ran over to the girl 's chair and wrenched the chain off her , then touched her face with painful gentleness . 
 she was crying now , more freely , shuddering and sobbing beneath his hands . 
 `` hush , hush . 
 your brother sent me . 
 i 'm a warlock ; you 're safe , '' he murmured , and clasped the back of her neck . 
 the coins were hurting her . 
 they had to come off . 
 but would removing them do more damage ? 
 magnus could heal , but it had never been his specialty as it was catarina 's , and he had not had to heal werewolves often . 
 they were so resilient . 
 he could only hope she would be resilient now . 
 he lifted the coins as gently as he could , and threw them against the wall . 
 it was too late . 
 it had been too late before he 'd ever entered the room . 
 she was blind . 
 her lips parted . 
 she said , `` is my brother safe ? '' 
 `` as safe as can be , sweetheart , '' said magnus . 
 `` i 'll take you to him . '' 
 no sooner had he said the word `` him '' than he felt the cold blade sink into his back and his mouth fill with hot blood . 
 `` oh , will you ? '' 
 asked valentine 's voice in his ear . 
 the blade slid free , hurting as much on the way out as it had on the way in . 
 magnus gritted his teeth and gripped the back of the chair harder , kept himself arched over and protecting the child , and turned his head to face valentine . 
 the white-haired man looked older than the other leaders , but magnus was not sure if he was actually older or if cold purpose simply made his face seem carved from marble . 
 magnus wanted to smash it . 
 valentine 's hand moved , and magnus only just managed to catch valentine 's wrist before he found valentine 's blade in his heart . 
 magnus concentrated and made the clasp of his hand burn , blue electricity circling his fingers . 
 he made the contact burn as the touch of silver had burned the girl , and he grinned as he heard valentine 's hiss of pain . 
 valentine did not ask his name as the others had , did not treat magnus as that much of a person . 
 valentine simply stared at magnus with cold eyes , the same way anyone might stare at a loathsome animal in their path and impeding their progress . 
 `` you are interfering in my business , warlock . '' 
 magnus spat blood into his face . 
 `` you are torturing a child in my city . 
 shadowhunter . '' 
 valentine used his free hand to deal magnus a blow that sent magnus staggering back . 
 valentine wheeled and followed him , and magnus thought , good . 
 it meant that he was moving away from the girl . 
 she was blind , but she was a werewolf , smell and sound as important to her as sight . 
 she could run , and find her way back to her family . 
 `` i thought we were playing a game where we said what the other person was and what we were doing , '' magnus told him . 
 `` did i get it wrong ? 
 can i guess again ? 
 are you breaking your own sacred laws , ass ** le ? '' 
 he glanced at the girl , hoping she would run , but she seemed frozen to the spot with terror . 
 magnus did not dare call out to her in case it attracted valentine 's attention . 
 magnus lifted a hand , sketching a spell in the air , but valentine saw the spell coming and dodged it . 
 he leaped into the air and then bounded off the wall , nephilim-swift , to lunge at magnus . 
 he scythed magnus 's legs out from under him , and when magnus landed , valentine kicked him brutally hard . 
 he drew a sword and brought it down . 
 magnus rolled so that it caught him a glancing blow along the ribs , cutting through shirt and skin but not hitting vital organs . 
 not this time . 
 magnus dearly hoped he was not going to die here , in this cold warehouse , far from anyone he loved . 
 he tried to rise from the floor , but it was slippery with his own blood , and the scraps of magic he had were not enough to heal or fight , let alone both . 
 marian whitelaw stood in front of him , her blades drawn and new runes shining on her arms . 
 her hair shone silver in his blurred vision . 
 valentine swung his sword , and cut her almost in half . 
 magnus gasped , salvation lost as quickly as it had been found , then turned his head toward the sound of more footsteps on the stone . 
 he was a fool to have hoped for another rescue . 
 he saw one of valentine 's circle , standing in the doorway with his eyes fixed on the werewolf girl . 
 `` valentine ! '' 
 lucian graymark shouted . 
 he ran for the girl , and magnus tensed , coiled himself for a leap , and then froze as he saw lucian pick the girl up and wheel on his master . 
 `` how could you do this ? 
 she 's a child ! '' 
 `` no , lucian . 
 she 's a monster in the shape of a child . '' 
 lucian was holding the girl , his hand in her hair , soothing and stroking . 
 magnus was starting to think he might have really misjudged lucian graymark . 
 valentine 's face was as white as bone . 
 he resembled a statue more than ever . 
 valentine said slowly , `` did you not promise me unconditional obedience ? 
 tell me , what use have i for a second-in-command who undermines me like this ? '' 
 `` valentine , i love you and i share your grief , '' said lucian . 
 `` i know you are a good man . 
 i know if you stop and think , you will see that this is madness . '' 
 when valentine took a step toward him , lucian took a step back . 
 he curved his hand protectively over the werewolf girl 's head as she clung to him with her small legs locked around his waist , and his other hand wavered as if he might go for his weapon . 
 `` very well , '' valentine said gently , at last . 
 `` have it your way . '' 
 he stood aside to let lucian graymark pass through the door and out into the corridor , and back into the room where the werewolves had thought they might be safe . 
 he let lucian bring the werewolves ' daughter back to them , and followed him at a distance . 
 magnus did not trust valentine for an instant . 
 he would not believe the girl was safe until she was in her mother 's arms . 
 lucian graymark had bought magnus enough time to gather up his magic . 
 magnus concentrated , felt his skin knit even as his power drained away . 
 he pulled himself up from the floor , and ran after them . 
 the fight in the room they had left was quieter , because there were so many dead . 
 someone had managed to turn the lights back on . 
 there was a wolf lying dead on the ground , transforming inch by inch into a pale young man . 
 another young man lay dead beside him , one of the circle , and in death they did not look so different . 
 many of the shadowhunters in valentine 's circle were still standing . 
 none of the whitelaws were . 
 maryse lightwood had her face in her hands . 
 some of the others were visibly shaken . 
 now the shadows and the frenzy of battle had receded , and they were left in the light to look at what they had done . 
 `` valentine , '' maryse said , her voice imploring as her leader approached . 
 `` valentine , what have we done ? 
 the whitelaws are dead ... . 
 valentine ... '' they all looked to valentine as he approached , clustered up to him like frightened children rather than adults . 
 valentine must have gotten hold of them very young , magnus thought , but he found himself unable to care if they were brainwashed or deluded , not after what they had done . 
 it seemed like there was no pity left in him . 
 `` you have done nothing but try to uphold the law , '' said valentine . 
 `` you know that all traitors to our kind must pay one day . 
 if they had chosen to step aside , to trust us , their fellow children of the angel , all would have been well . '' 
 `` what about the clave ? '' 
 said the curly-haired man , a note of challenge in his voice . 
 `` michael , '' murmured maryse 's husband . 
 `` what of them , wayland ? '' 
 valentine asked , his voice sharp . 
 `` the whitelaws died because of rogue werewolves . 
 it is the truth , and we will tell the clave so . '' 
 the only one of valentine 's circle not desperately listening was lucian graymark . 
 he made his way to the werewolf woman , and placed the little girl into her arms . 
 magnus heard the woman 's indrawn breath as she saw her daughter 's eyes . 
 he heard her begin to cry softly . 
 lucian stood beside the mother and daughter , looking deeply distressed , then crossed the floor with a suddenly determined tread . 
 `` let 's go , valentine , '' he said . 
 `` all this with the whitelaws was ... was a terrible accident . 
 we ca n't have our circle suffering for it . 
 we should go now . 
 these creatures are n't worth your time , not any of them . 
 these werewolves are just strays who broke off from their pack . 
 you and i will go hunting in the werewolf encampment where the real threat lies tonight . 
 we will bring down the pack leader together . '' 
 `` together . 
 but tomorrow night . 
 come back to the house tonight ? '' 
 valentine asked in a low voice . 
 `` jocelyn has something to tell you . '' 
 lucian clasped valentine 's arm , clearly relieved . 
 `` of course . 
 anything for jocelyn . 
 anything for either of you . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` my friend , '' said valentine , `` i do . '' 
 valentine clasped lucian 's arm in return , but magnus saw the look valentine gave lucian . 
 there was love in that look , but hate as well , and the hate was winning . 
 it was as clear as a silvery shark 's fin in the dark waters of valentine 's black eyes . 
 there was death in those eyes . 
 magnus was not surprised . 
 he had seen many monsters who could love , but only a few who had let that love change them , who had been able to alchemize love for one person into kindness for many . 
 he remembered valentine 's face as the circle 's leader had cut marian whitelaw into bloody halves , and magnus wondered what it would be like , living with someone like valentine , wondered what it was like for his wife , who marian had described as lovely . 
 you could share your bed with a monster , lay your head on the same pillow next to a head filled with murder and madness . 
 magnus had done it himself . 
 but love that blind did not last . 
 one day you lifted your head from the pillow and saw you were living in a nightmare . 
 lucian graymark might be the only one of the lot worth bothering with , and magnus would bet he was as good as dead . 
 magnus had been so terribly wrong to let the past deceive him ; he 'd been wrong to think that the one with depths of goodness in him was stephen herondale . 
 magnus looked at stephen , at his beautiful face and his weak mouth . 
 magnus had a sudden impulse to tell the shadowhunter that magnus knew and loved his ancestor , that tessa would be so disappointed in him . 
 but he did not want valentine 's circle to remember or go after tessa . 
 magnus said nothing . 
 stephen herondale had chosen his side , and magnus had chosen his . 
 valentine 's circle withdrew from the warehouse , marching like a little army . 
 magnus ran to where old adam whitelaw lay in a pool of blood , his shining axe lying , dull and still , in the same dark pool . 
 `` marian ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 magnus went to his knees in the pool , hands searching to find and close the worst of the wounds . 
 there were so many-too many . 
 magnus looked at adam 's eyes , where the light was going out , and knew adam read the answer on his face before magnus could think to lie to him . 
 `` my brother ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 `` the-the children ? '' 
 magnus looked around the room at the dead . 
 when he looked back , adam whitelaw had turned his face away and set his mouth so that he would not betray either pain or grief . 
 magnus used all the magic he had left to ease the man 's pain , and in the end adam lifted a hand and stilled magnus 's , rested his head against magnus 's arm . 
 `` enough , warlock , '' he said , his voice rasping . 
 `` i would not-i would not live if i could . '' 
 he coughed , a wet terrible sound , and shut his eyes . 
 `` ave atque vale , shadowhunter , '' magnus whispered . 
 `` your angel would be proud . '' 
 adam whitelaw did not seem to hear . 
 it was only a very short time later that the last of the whitelaws died in magnus 's arms . 
 the clave believed that the whitelaws had been killed by rogue werewolves , and nothing magnus said made any difference . 
 he had not expected them to believe him . 
 he hardly knew why he spoke out , except that the nephilim so clearly preferred that he be silent . 
 magnus waited for the circle to return . 
 the circle did not come to new york again , but magnus did see them one more time . 
 he saw them at the uprising . 
 not long after the night in the warehouse , lucian graymark disappeared as if he had died , and magnus assumed he had . 
 then a year later magnus had word of lucian again . 
 ragnor fell told magnus there was a werewolf who had once been a shadowhunter , and that he was spreading word that the time had come , that downworld had to be ready to fight the circle . 
 valentine unveiled his plan and armed his circle at the time when the accords of peace between nephilim and downworlders were to be signed again . 
 his circle cut down shadowhunters and downworlders alike in the great hall of the angel . 
 thanks to lucian graymark 's warning , downworlders were able to rush into the hall and surprise valentine 's circle . 
 they 'd been forewarned and also heavily forearmed . 
 the shadowhunters surprised magnus then , as the whitelaws had surprised him before . 
 the clave did not abandon the downworlders and turn to join with the circle . 
 the vast majority of them , the clave and the institute leaders , made the choice the whitelaws had made before them . 
 they fought for their sworn allies and for peace , and valentine 's circle was defeated . 
 but once the battle was done , the shadowhunters blamed downworlders for the deaths of so many of their people , as if the battle had been downworld 's idea . 
 the shadowhunters prided themselves on their justice , but their justice for magnus 's kind was always bitter . 
 relations between the nephilim and downworld did not improve . 
 magnus despaired that they ever would . 
 especially when the clave sent the last remaining members of the circle , the lightwoods and another circle member called hodge starkweather , to magnus 's city , to atone for their crimes by running the new york institute as exiles from the glass city . 
 the shadowhunters were scarce enough after the massacre , and could not be replenished without the mortal cup , which seemed to have been lost with valentine . 
 the lightwoods knew that they had been treated mercifully due to their high connections in the clave , and that if they slipped up once , the clave would crush them . 
 raphael santiago of the vampires , who owed magnus a favor or twenty , reported that the lightwoods were distant but scrupulously fair with every downworlder they came into contact with . 
 magnus knew that sooner or later he would have to work with them , would learn to be civil to them , but he preferred that it be later . 
 the whole bloody tragedy of valentine 's circle was over , and magnus would rather not look back on the darkness but look forward and hope for light . 
 for more than two years after the uprising , magnus did n't see any of valentine 's circle again . 
 until he did . 
 new york city , 1993 the life of warlocks was one of immortality , magic , glamour , and excitement through the ages . 
 sometimes , though , magnus wanted to stay in and watch television on the sofa like everyone else . 
 he was curled up on the sofa with tessa , and they were watching a video of pride and prejudice . 
 tessa was complaining at some length about how the book was better . 
 `` this is not what jane austen would have wanted , '' tessa told him . 
 `` if she could see this , i am certain she would be horrified . '' 
 magnus uncurled from the sofa and went to stand by the window . 
 he was expecting some chinese to be delivered , and he was starving from a long day of idleness and debauchery . 
 he did not see a deliveryman , though . 
 the only person on the street was a young woman carrying a baby wrapped up tight against the cold . 
 she was walking fast , no doubt on her way home . 
 `` if jane austen could see this , '' magnus said , `` i assume she would be screaming , ` there are tiny demons in this little box ! 
 fetch a clergyman ! ' 
 and hitting the television with her parasol . '' 
 the doorbell rang , and magnus turned away from the window . 
 `` finally , '' magnus said , grabbing a ten-dollar bill from a table near the door , and he buzzed the deliveryman in . 
 `` i need some beef and broccoli before i face any more mr. darcy . 
 it 's a truth universally acknowledged that if you watch too much television on an empty stomach , your head falls off . '' 
 `` if your head fell off , '' tessa said , `` the hairdressing industry would go into an economic meltdown . '' 
 magnus nodded and touched his hair , which was now in a chin-length sweep . 
 he opened the door , still in his pose , and found himself staring at a woman with a crown of red curls . 
 she was holding a child . 
 she was the woman he had seen on the street moments ago . 
 magnus was startled to see someone at his door who looked so ... mundane . 
 the young woman was dressed in sloppy jeans and a tie-dyed t-shirt . 
 she lowered her hand , which had been raised as if to knock on the door , and magnus saw the flicker of faded , silvery scars on her arm . 
 magnus had seen far too many of those to ever be mistaken . 
 she bore covenant marks , carried the remnants of old runes on her skin like mementoes . 
 she was not mundane in the least , then . 
 she was a shadowhunter , but a shadowhunter bearing no fresh marks , not dressed in gear . 
 she was not here on official shadowhunter business . 
 she was trouble . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 magnus demanded . 
 she swallowed , and replied , `` i am-i was jocelyn morgenstern . '' 
 the name conjured up memories years old . 
 magnus remembered the blade going into his back and the taste of blood . 
 it made him want to spit . 
 the monster 's bride at his door . 
 magnus could not stop staring . 
 she was staring too . 
 she seemed transfixed by his pajamas . 
 magnus was frankly offended . 
 he had not invited any wives of crazed hate-cult leaders to come around and pass judgment on his wardrobe . 
 if he wished to forgo a shirt and wear scarlet drawstring pajamas patterned with black polar bears , and a black silk bed jacket , he could do so . 
 none of the others who had been lucky enough to see magnus in his bedroom attire had ever complained . 
 `` i do n't remember ordering the bride of an evil maniac , '' said magnus . 
 `` it was definitely beef and broccoli . 
 what about you , tessa ? 
 did you order the bride of an evil maniac ? '' 
 he swung the door open wider so tessa could see who was there . 
 nothing else was said for a moment . 
 then magnus saw the blanket-covered lump in jocelyn 's arms stir . 
 it was in that moment that he remembered there was a child . 
 `` i have come here , magnus bane , '' jocelyn said , `` to beg your aid . '' 
 magnus gripped the edge of the door until his knuckles went white . 
 `` let me think , '' he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 he was stopped by tessa 's voice , soft . 
 `` let her in , magnus , '' she said . 
 magnus wheeled around to look at tessa . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` i want to speak with her . '' 
 tessa 's voice had taken on a strange tone . 
 also , the delivery person had just appeared in the hall carrying their bag of food . 
 magnus nodded jocelyn inside , handed over the ten dollars , and shut the door on the confused man 's face before he had a chance to hand over the food . 
 now jocelyn stood awkwardly by the door . 
 the tiny person in her arms kicked its feet and stretched its legs . 
 `` you have a baby , '' magnus said , pointing out what was now obvious . 
 jocelyn shifted uncomfortably and clutched the baby to her chest . 
 tessa padded toward them silently and stood by jocelyn . 
 even though she wore black leggings and an oversize gray t-shirt that read william wants a doll , she still always carried an air of formality and authority about her . 
 the shirt , as it happened , was a feminist statement that boys liked to play with dolls and girls with trucks , but magnus suspected she had chosen it partly because of the name . 
 tessa 's husband had been dead for long enough that his name brought back happy , faded memories instead of the raw agony she had felt for years after his passing . 
 other warlocks had loved and lost , but few were as hopelessly faithful as tessa . 
 decades later she had not allowed anyone else to even come close to winning her heart . 
 `` jocelyn fairchild , '' tessa said . 
 `` descended from henry branwell and charlotte fairchild . '' 
 jocelyn blinked as if she had not been expecting a lecture on her own genealogy . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said cautiously . 
 `` i knew them , you see , '' tessa explained . 
 `` you have a great look of henry . '' 
 `` knew them ? 
 then you must be ... '' henry had been dead for the better part of a century , and tessa looked no older than twenty-five . 
 `` are you a warlock too , then ? '' 
 jocelyn asked suspiciously . 
 magnus saw her eyes drift from the top of tessa 's head to her feet , searching for a demon 's mark , the sign that would indicate to shadowhunters that she was unclean , inhuman , and to be despised . 
 some warlocks could hide their marks under their clothes , but jocelyn could look at as much of tessa as she wished and never find a mark . 
 tessa did not draw herself up obtrusively , but it was clear suddenly that tessa was taller than jocelyn was , and her gray eyes could be very cold . 
 `` i am , '' said tessa . 
 `` i am theresa gray , daughter of a greater demon and elizabeth gray , who was born adele starkweather , one of your kind . 
 i was the wife of william herondale , who was the head of the london institute , and i was the mother of james herondale and lucie blackthorn . 
 will and i raised our shadowhunter children to protect mundanes , to live by the laws of clave and covenant , and to keep to the accords . '' 
 she spoke in the way she well knew how , in the manner of the nephilim . 
 `` once , i lived among the shadowhunters , '' tessa said softly . 
 `` once i might almost have seemed like a person to you . '' 
 jocelyn looked lost , in the way that people did when they learned something so strange that the whole world seemed unfamiliar . 
 `` i understand if you find my crimes against downworlders unforgivable , '' jocelyn said , `` but i-i have nowhere else to go . 
 and i need help . 
 my daughter needs your help . 
 she is a shadowhunter and valentine 's daughter . 
 she can not live among her own kind . 
 we can never go back . 
 i need a spell to shield her eyes from all but the mundane world . 
 she can grow up safe and happy in the mundane world . 
 she never needs to know what her father was . '' 
 jocelyn almost choked , but she lifted her chin and added , `` or what her mother did . '' 
 `` so you come begging to us , '' magnus said . 
 `` the monsters . '' 
 `` i have no quarrel with downworlders , '' jocelyn said at last . 
 `` i ... my best friend is a downworlder , and i do not believe he is so changed from the person i always loved . 
 i was wrong . 
 i 'll have to live forever with what i did . 
 but please , my daughter did nothing . '' 
 her best friend , the downworlder . 
 magnus supposed that lucian graymark was still alive , then , though nobody had seen him since the uprising . 
 magnus thought a little better of jocelyn for claiming him as her best friend . 
 people did say she and lucian had planned to defeat valentine together , though jocelyn had not been there to confirm the rumor after the battle . 
 magnus had not seen jocelyn during the uprising . 
 he had not known whether to believe the claim or not . 
 magnus had often considered that shadowhunter justice was more like cruelty , and he did not want to be cruel . 
 he looked at the woman 's weary desperate face and the bundle in her arms , and he could not be cruel . 
 he believed in redemption , the inchoate grace in every person he met . 
 it was one of the few things he had to believe in , the possibility of beauty when faced with the reality of so much ugliness . 
 `` you said you were married to a herondale . '' 
 jocelyn appealed to tessa , voice as faint as if she could already see the weakness of this argument but she had none other to make . 
 `` stephen herondale was my friend - '' `` stephen herondale would have killed me if he 'd ever met me , '' said tessa . 
 `` i would not have been safe living among people like you , or like him . 
 i am the wife and mother of warriors who fought and died and never dishonored themselves as you have . 
 i have worn gear , wielded blades , and slain demons , and all i wished was to overcome evil so that i could live and be happy with those i loved . 
 i 'd hoped i had made this a better , safer world for my children . 
 because of valentine 's circle , the herondale line , the line that was my son 's children 's children , is finished . 
 that happened through you and your circle and your husband . 
 stephen herondale died with hate in his heart and the blood of my people on his hands . 
 i can imagine no more horrible way for mine and will 's line to end . 
 i will have to carry for the rest of my life the wound of what valentine 's circle has done to me , and i will live forever . '' 
 tessa paused , and looked at jocelyn 's white despairing face , and then said , more gently , `` but stephen herondale made his own choices , and you have made other choices besides the one to hate . 
 i know that valentine could not have been defeated without your help . 
 and your child has done no wrong to anybody . '' 
 `` that does not mean she has a right to our help , '' magnus interrupted . 
 he did n't want to reject jocelyn , but there was still a nagging voice inside him that told him she was an enemy . 
 `` besides which , i am not a shadowhunter charity , and i doubt she has the money to pay for my help . 
 fugitives are so seldom well funded . '' 
 `` i 'll find the money , '' said jocelyn . 
 `` i am not a charity case , and i am not a shadowhunter any longer . 
 i want nothing more to do with the shadowhunters . 
 i want to be someone else . 
 i want to raise my daughter to be someone else , not bound to the clave or led astray by anybody . 
 i want her to be braver than i was , stronger than i was , and to let nobody decide her fate but herself . '' 
 `` nobody could ask for more than that for their child , '' tessa said , and edged closer . 
 `` may i hold her ? '' 
 jocelyn hesitated for a moment , holding the tightly wrapped bundle of the child close . 
 then slowly , reluctantly , her movements almost jerky , she leaned forward and placed her baby with enormous care into the arms of a woman she had just met . 
 `` she 's beautiful , '' tessa murmured . 
 magnus did not know if tessa had held a baby in decades , but she moved the child to her hip , held fast in the circle of her arm , with the instinctive loving and casual air of a parent . 
 magnus had seen her once , holding one of her grandchildren in just this way . 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 `` clarissa , '' said jocelyn , looking at tessa intently , and then , as if she were telling them a secret , she said , `` i call her clary . '' 
 magnus looked over tessa 's shoulder and into the child 's face . 
 the girl was older than magnus had thought , small for her age , but her face had lost the roundness of babyhood : she must be almost two , and already looked like her mother . 
 she looked like a fairchild . 
 she had red curls , the same color henry 's had been , clustering on her small head , and green eyes , glass-clear and jewel-bright and blinking around curiously at her surroundings . 
 she did not seem to object to being handed to a stranger . 
 tessa tucked the baby 's blanket more securely around her , and clary 's small fat fist closed determinedly around tessa 's finger . 
 the child waved tessa 's finger back and forth , as if to display her new possession . 
 tessa smiled down at the baby , a slow bright smile , and whispered , `` hello , clary . '' 
 it was clear that tessa at least had made up her mind . 
 magnus leaned in , his shoulder resting lightly against tessa 's , and peered into the child 's face . 
 he waved to catch her attention , moving his fingers so all his rings sparkled in the light . 
 clary laughed , all pearly teeth and the purest joy , and magnus felt the knot of resentment in his chest ease . 
 clary wriggled in a clear and imperious signal that she wanted to be let down , but tessa handed her to jocelyn so that clary 's mother could decide whether she should be put down or not . 
 jocelyn might not want her child roaming a warlock 's home . 
 jocelyn did look around apprehensively , but either she decided it was safe or small , intently squirming clary was stubborn and her mother knew she would have to let her go free . 
 she put clary down , and clary went toddling determinedly off on her quest . 
 they stood and watched her bright little head bob as she grabbed up , in turn , tessa 's book , one of magnus 's candles -lrb- which clary chewed on thoughtfully for a moment -rrb- , and a silver tray magnus had left under the sofa . 
 `` curious little thing , is n't she ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 jocelyn glanced toward magnus . 
 her eyes had been anxiously fastened on her child . 
 magnus found himself smiling at her . 
 `` not a bad quality , '' he assured her . 
 `` she could grow up to be an adventurer . '' 
 `` i want her to grow up to be safe and happy , '' said jocelyn . 
 `` i do n't want her to have adventures . 
 adventures happen when life is cruel . 
 i want her to have a mundane life , quiet and sweet , and i hoped she would be born not able to see the shadow world . 
 it is no world for a child . 
 but i 've never had much luck with hope . 
 i saw her trying to play with a faerie in a hedge this afternoon . 
 i need you to help me . 
 i need you to help her . 
 can you blind her to all that ? '' 
 `` can i tear away an essential part of your child 's nature , and twist her into a shape that would suit you better ? '' 
 magnus asked her . 
 `` if you want her mad by the end of it . '' 
 he regretted the words as soon as he had spoken . 
 jocelyn stared at him , white-faced , as if she had just been hit . 
 but jocelyn morgenstern was not the kind of woman who wept , not the kind of woman who broke , or valentine would have broken her long since . 
 she held herself tall and asked , her voice level , `` is there anything else you can do ? '' 
 `` there is ... something else i could try , '' said magnus . 
 he did not say that he would . 
 he kept his eyes on the little girl , and thought of the young werewolf girl valentine had blinded , of edmund herondale stripped of his marks centuries ago , and of tessa 's jamie and lucie and all they had borne . 
 he would not give up a child to the shadowhunters , for whom the law came before mercy . 
 clary espied magnus 's poor cat . 
 the great catsby , who was getting on in years , lay prone upon a velvet cushion , his fluffy gray tail spilling over it . 
 the adults all saw that disaster was imminent . 
 they took a step forward , as one , but clary had already firmly pulled the great catsby 's tail , with the regal assured air of a countess reaching for the bellpull to summon her maid . 
 the great catsby gave a piteous meow to protest the indignity , turned , and scratched clary , and clary began to scream . 
 jocelyn was on her knees beside clary the next instant , her red hair like a veil over her child , as if she could somehow screen clary from all the world . 
 `` is she part banshee ? '' 
 magnus asked over the piercing wail . 
 clary sounded like a police siren . 
 magnus felt as if he were going to be arrested for the twenty-seventh time . 
 jocelyn glared at him through her hair , and magnus lifted his hands in mock surrender . 
 `` oh , pardon me for implying that the bloodlines of valentine 's child are anything less than pure . '' 
 `` come on , magnus , '' tessa said quietly . 
 she had loved so many more shadowhunters than magnus ever had . 
 she went and stood beside jocelyn . 
 she put a hand against jocelyn 's shoulder , and jocelyn did not shake her hand off . 
 `` if you want the child safe , '' said magnus , `` she does n't need only a spell to hide her own sight . 
 she needs to be protected from the supernatural as well , from any demons who might come crawling to her . '' 
 `` and what iron sister and silent brother will do that ceremony for me without turning clary and me over to the clave ? '' 
 jocelyn demanded . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't risk it . 
 if she knows nothing of the shadow world , she will be safe . '' 
 `` my mother was a shadowhunter who knew nothing of the shadow world , '' said tessa . 
 `` that did n't keep her safe . '' 
 jocelyn stared at tessa in open horror , obviously able to infer the story of what had happened : that a demon had gained access to an unprotected shadowhunter woman , and tessa had been the result . 
 there was a silence . 
 clary had turned curiously to tessa as tessa had approached , her screams forgotten . 
 now she lifted her chubby little arms out to tessa . 
 jocelyn let tessa take clary again , and this time clary did not try to wriggle away from her . 
 clary wiped her small tearstained face against tessa 's t-shirt . 
 it seemed to be a gesture of affection . 
 magnus hoped nobody would offer clary to him in her current sticky condition . 
 jocelyn blinked and began , slowly , to smile . 
 magnus noticed for the first time that she was beautiful . 
 `` clary never goes to strangers . 
 maybe-maybe she can tell that you 're not a stranger to the fairchilds . '' 
 tessa gazed at jocelyn , her gray eyes clear . 
 magnus thought , in this case , tessa was seeing more than he did . 
 `` maybe . 
 i will help you with the ceremony , '' she promised . 
 `` i know a silent brother who will keep any secret , if i ask him to . '' 
 jocelyn bowed her head . 
 `` thank you , theresa gray . '' 
 it occurred to magnus how outraged valentine would have been , to see his wife beseeching downworlders , to think of his child in a warlock 's arms . 
 magnus 's thought of responding to jocelyn 's appeal with cruelty receded even further . 
 this seemed the kind of revenge worth getting-to prove , even after valentine 's death , how wrong valentine had been . 
 he walked over to the two women and the child , and he glanced at tessa , and he saw her nod . 
 `` well , then , '' magnus said , `` it seems we are going to help you , jocelyn morgenstern . '' 
 jocelyn flinched . 
 `` do n't call me that . 
 i 'm - i 'm jocelyn fairchild . '' 
 `` i thought you were n't a shadowhunter anymore , '' magnus said . 
 `` if you do n't want them to find you , changing your last name seems a fairly elementary first step . 
 trust me , i 'm an expert . 
 i 've watched a lot of spy movies . '' 
 jocelyn looked skeptical , and magnus rolled his eyes . 
 `` i was also not born with the name ` magnus bane , ' '' he said . 
 `` i came up with that one all on my own . '' 
 `` i actually was born tessa gray , '' tessa said . 
 `` but you should choose whatever name seems right to you . 
 i 've always said there is a great deal of power in words , and that means names , too . 
 a name you choose for yourself could tell you the story of what your destiny will be , and who you intend to become . '' 
 `` call me fray . 
 let me join together the names of the fairchilds , my lost family , and the grays . 
 because you are ... a family friend , '' said jocelyn , speaking with sudden firmness . 
 tessa smiled at jocelyn , looking surprised but pleased , and jocelyn smiled down at her daughter . 
 magnus saw the determination in her face . 
 valentine had wanted to crush the world as magnus knew it . 
 but this woman had helped crush him instead , and now she was looking at her daughter as if she would make another world , shining and brand new , just for clary , so clary would never be touched by any of the darkness of the past . 
 magnus knew what it was to want to forget as badly as jocelyn did , knew the passionate urge to protect that came with love . 
 perhaps none of the children of the new generation-not this small stubborn redheaded scrap , or half-faerie helen and mark blackthorn at the los angeles institute , or even maryse lightwood 's children growing up in new york far from the glass city-would ever have to learn the full truth about the ugliness of the past . 
 jocelyn stroked her little girl 's face , and they all watched as the baby smiled , lit up with the sheer joy of living . 
 she was a story in herself , sweet and full of hope , just beginning . 
 `` jocelyn and clary fray , '' said magnus . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . '' 
