 prologue london , april 1878 . 
 the demon exploded in a shower of ichor and guts . 
 william herondale jerked back the dagger he was holding , but it was too late . 
 the viscous acid of the demon 's blood had already begun to eat away at the shining blade . 
 he swore and tossed the weapon aside ; it landed in a filthy puddle and commenced smoldering like a doused match . 
 the demon itself , of course , had vanished-dispatched back to whatever hellish world it had come from , though not without leaving a mess behind . 
 `` jem ! '' 
 will called , turning around . 
 `` where are you ? 
 did you see that ? 
 killed it with one blow ! 
 not bad , eh ? '' 
 but there was no answer to will 's shout ; his hunting partner had been standing behind him in the damp and crooked street a few moments before , guarding his back , will was positive , but now will was alone in the shadows . 
 he frowned in annoyance-it was much less fun showing off without jem to show off to . 
 he glanced behind him , to where the street narrowed into a passage that gave onto the black , heaving water of the thames in the distance . 
 through the gap will could see the dark outlines of docked ships , a forest of masts like a leafless orchard . 
 no jem there ; perhaps he had gone back to narrow street in search of better illumination . 
 with a shrug will headed back the way he had come . 
 narrow street cut across limehouse , between the docks beside the river and the cramped slums spreading west toward whitechapel . 
 it was as narrow as its name suggested , lined with warehouses and lopsided wooden buildings . 
 at the moment it was deserted ; even the drunks staggering home from the grapes up the road had found somewhere to collapse for the night . 
 will liked limehouse , liked the feeling of being on the edge of the world , where ships left each day for unimaginably far ports . 
 that the area was a sailor 's haunt , and consequently full of gambling hells , opium dens , and brothels , did n't hurt either . 
 it was easy to lose yourself in a place like this . 
 he did n't even mind the smell of it-smoke and rope and tar , foreign spices mixed with the dirty river-water smell of the thames . 
 looking up and down the empty street , he scrubbed the sleeve of his coat across his face , trying to rub away the ichor that stung and burned his skin . 
 the cloth came away stained green and black . 
 there was a cut on the back of his hand too , a nasty one . 
 he could use a healing rune . 
 one of charlotte 's , preferably . 
 she was particularly good at drawing iratzes . 
 a shape detached itself from the shadows and moved toward will . 
 he started forward , then paused . 
 it was n't jem , but rather a mundane policeman wearing a bell-shaped helmet , a heavy overcoat , and a puzzled expression . 
 he stared at will , or rather through will . 
 however accustomed will had become to glamour , it was always strange to be looked through as if he were n't there . 
 will was seized with the sudden urge to grab the policeman 's truncheon and watch while the man flapped around , trying to figure out where it had gone ; but jem had scolded him the few times he 'd done that before , and while will never really could understand jem 's objections to the whole enterprise , it was n't worth making him upset . 
 with a shrug and a blink , the policeman moved past will , shaking his head and muttering something under his breath about swearing off the gin before he truly started seeing things . 
 will stepped aside to let the man pass , then raised his voice to a shout : `` james carstairs ! 
 jem ! 
 where are you , you disloyal bastard ? '' 
 this time a faint reply answered him . 
 `` over here . 
 follow the witchlight . '' 
 will moved toward the sound of jem 's voice . 
 it seemed to be coming from a dark opening between two warehouses ; a faint gleam was visible within the shadows , like the darting light of a will-o ' - the-wisp . 
 `` did you hear me before ? 
 that shax demon thought it could get me with its bloody great pincers , but i cornered it in an alley - '' `` yes , i heard you . '' 
 the young man who appeared at the mouth of the alley was pale in the lamplight-paler even than he usually was , which was quite pale indeed . 
 he was bareheaded , which drew the eye immediately to his hair . 
 it was an odd bright silver color , like an untarnished shilling . 
 his eyes were the same silver , and his fine-boned face was angular , the slight curve of his eyes the only clue to his heritage . 
 there were dark stains across his white shirtfront , and his hands were thickly smeared with red . 
 will tensed . 
 `` you 're bleeding . 
 what happened ? '' 
 jem waved away will 's concern . 
 `` it 's not my blood . '' 
 he turned his head back toward the alley behind him . 
 `` it 's hers . '' 
 will glanced past his friend , into the thicker shadows of the alley . 
 in the far corner of it was a crumpled shape-only a shadow in the darkness , but when will looked closely , he could make out the shape of a pale hand , and a wisp of fair hair . 
 `` a dead woman ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` a mundane ? '' 
 `` a girl , really . 
 not more than fourteen . '' 
 at that , will cursed with great volume and expression . 
 jem waited patiently for him to be done . 
 `` if we 'd only happened along a little earlier , '' will said finally . 
 `` that bloody demon - '' `` that 's the peculiar thing . 
 i do n't think this is the demon 's work . '' 
 jem frowned . 
 `` shax demons are parasites , brood parasites . 
 it would have wanted to drag its victim back to its lair to lay eggs in her skin while she was still alive . 
 but this girl-she was stabbed , repeatedly . 
 and i do n't think it was here , either . 
 there simply is n't enough blood in the alley . 
 i think she was attacked elsewhere , and she dragged herself here to die of her injuries . '' 
 `` but the shax demon - '' `` i 'm telling you , i do n't think it was the shax . 
 i think the shax was pursuing her-hunting her down for something , or someone , else . '' 
 `` shaxes have a keen sense of scent , '' will allowed . 
 `` i 've heard of warlocks using them to follow the tracks of the missing . 
 and it did seem to be moving with an odd sort of purpose . '' 
 he looked past jem , at the pitiful smallness of the crumpled shape in the alley . 
 `` you did n't find the weapon , did you ? '' 
 `` here . '' 
 jem drew something from inside his jacket-a knife , wrapped in white cloth . 
 `` it 's a sort of misericord , or hunting dagger . 
 look how thin the blade is . '' 
 will took it . 
 the blade was indeed thin , ending in a handle made of polished bone . 
 the blade and hilt both were stained with dried blood . 
 with a frown he wiped the flat of the knife across the rough fabric of his sleeve , scraping it clean until a symbol , burned into the blade , became visible . 
 two serpents , each biting the other 's tail , forming a perfect circle . 
 `` ouroboros , '' jem said , leaning in close to stare at the knife . 
 `` a double one . 
 now , what do you think that means ? '' 
 `` the end of the world , '' said will , still looking at the dagger , a small smile playing about his mouth , `` and the beginning . '' 
 jem frowned . 
 `` i understand the symbology , william . 
 i meant , what do you think its presence on the dagger signifies ? '' 
 the wind off the river was ruffling will 's hair ; he brushed it out of his eyes with an impatient gesture and went back to studying the knife . 
 `` it 's an alchemical symbol , not a warlock or downworlder one . 
 that usually means humans-the foolish mundane sort who think trafficking in magic is the ticket for gaining wealth and fame . '' 
 `` the sort who usually end up a pile of bloody rags inside some pentagram . '' 
 jem sounded grim . 
 `` the sort who like to lurk about the downworld parts of our fair city . '' 
 after wrapping the handkerchief around the blade carefully , will slipped it into his jacket pocket . 
 `` d'you think charlotte will let me handle the investigation ? '' 
 `` do you think you can be trusted in downworld ? 
 the gambling hells , the dens of magical vice , the women of loose morals ... '' will smiled the way lucifer might have smiled , moments before he fell from heaven . 
 `` would tomorrow be too early to start looking , do you think ? '' 
 jem sighed . 
 `` do what you like , william . 
 you always do . '' 
 southampton , may . 
 tessa could not remember a time when she had not loved the clockwork angel . 
 it had belonged to her mother once , and her mother had been wearing it when she died . 
 after that it had sat in her mother 's jewelry box , until her brother , nathaniel , took it out one day to see if it was still in working order . 
 the angel was no bigger than tessa 's pinky finger , a tiny statuette made of brass , with folded bronze wings no larger than a cricket 's . 
 it had a delicate metal face with shut crescent eyelids , and hands crossed over a sword in front . 
 a thin chain that looped beneath the wings allowed the angel to be worn around the neck like a locket . 
 tessa knew the angel was made out of clockwork because if she lifted it to her ear she could hear the sound of its machinery , like the sound of a watch . 
 nate had exclaimed in surprise that it was still working after so many years , and he had looked in vain for a knob or a screw , or some other method by which the angel might be wound . 
 but there had been nothing to find . 
 with a shrug he 'd given the angel to tessa . 
 from that moment she had never taken it off ; even at night the angel lay against her chest as she slept , its constant ticktock , ticktock like the beating of a second heart . 
 she held it now , clutched between her fingers , as the main nosed its way between other massive steamships to find a spot at the southampton dock . 
 nate had insisted that she come to southampton instead of liverpool , where most transatlantic steamers arrived . 
 he had claimed it was because southampton was a much pleasanter place to arrive at , so tessa could n't help being a little disappointed by this , her first sight of england . 
 it was drearily gray . 
 rain drummed down onto the spires of a distant church , while black smoke rose from the chimneys of ships and stained the already dull-colored sky . 
 a crowd of people in dark clothes , holding umbrellas , stood on the docks . 
 tessa strained to see if her brother was among them , but the mist and spray from the ship were too thick for her to make out any individual in great detail . 
 tessa shivered . 
 the wind off the sea was chilly . 
 all of nate 's letters had claimed that london was beautiful , the sun shining every day . 
 well , tessa thought , hopefully the weather there was better than it was here , because she had no warm clothes with her , nothing more substantial than a woolen shawl that had belonged to aunt harriet , and a pair of thin gloves . 
 she had sold most of her clothes to pay for her aunt 's funeral , secure in the knowledge that her brother would buy her more when she arrived in london to live with him . 
 a shout went up . 
 the main , its shining black-painted hull gleaming wet with rain , had anchored , and tugs were plowing their way through the heaving gray water , ready to carry baggage and passengers to the shore . 
 passengers streamed off the ship , clearly desperate to feel land under their feet . 
 so different from their departure from new york . 
 the sky had been blue then , and a brass band had been playing . 
 though , with no one there to wish her good-bye , it had not been a merry occasion . 
 hunching her shoulders , tessa joined the disembarking crowd . 
 drops of rain stung her unprotected head and neck like pinpricks from icy little needles , and her hands , inside their insubstantial gloves , were clammy and wet with rain . 
 reaching the quay , she looked around eagerly , searching for a sight of nate . 
 it had been nearly two weeks since she 'd spoken to a soul , having kept almost entirely to herself on board the main . 
 it would be wonderful to have her brother to talk to again . 
 he was n't there . 
 the wharves were heaped with stacks of luggage and all sorts of boxes and cargo , even mounds of fruit and vegetables wilting and dissolving in the rain . 
 a steamer was departing for le havre nearby , and damp-looking sailors swarmed close by tessa , shouting in french . 
 she tried to move aside , only to be almost trampled by a throng of disembarking passengers hurrying for the shelter of the railway station . 
 but nate was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` you are miss gray ? '' 
 the voice was guttural , heavily accented . 
 a man had moved to stand in front of tessa . 
 he was tall , and was wearing a sweeping black coat and a tall hat , its brim collecting rainwater like a cistern . 
 his eyes were peculiarly bulging , almost protuberant , like a frog 's , his skin as rough-looking as scar tissue . 
 tessa had to fight the urge to cringe away from him . 
 but he knew her name . 
 who here would know her name except someone who knew nate , too ? 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` your brother sent me . 
 come with me . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 tessa demanded , but the man was already walking away . 
 his stride was uneven , as if he had a limp from an old injury . 
 after a moment tessa gathered up her skirts and hurried after him . 
 he wound through the crowd , moving ahead with purposeful speed . 
 people jumped aside , muttering about his rudeness as he shouldered past , with tessa nearly running to keep up . 
 he turned abruptly around a pile of boxes , and came to a halt in front of a large , gleaming black coach . 
 gold letters had been painted across its side , but the rain and mist were too thick for tessa to read them clearly . 
 the door of the carriage opened and a woman leaned out . 
 she wore an enormous plumed hat that hid her face . 
 `` miss theresa gray ? '' 
 tessa nodded . 
 the bulging-eyed man hurried to help the woman out of the carriage-and then another woman , following after her . 
 each of them immediately opened an umbrella and raised it , sheltering themselves from the rain . 
 then they fixed their eyes on tessa . 
 they were an odd pair , the women . 
 one was very tall and thin , with a bony , pinched face . 
 colorless hair was scraped back into a chignon at the back of her head . 
 she wore a dress of brilliant violet silk , already spattered here and there with splotches of rain , and matching violet gloves . 
 the other woman was short and plump , with small eyes sunk deep into her head ; the bright pink gloves stretched over her large hands made them look like colorful paws . 
 `` theresa gray , '' said the shorter of the two . 
 `` what a delight to make your acquaintance at last . 
 i am mrs. black , and this is my sister , mrs. dark . 
 your brother sent us to accompany you to london . '' 
 tessa-damp , cold , and baffled-clutched her wet shawl tighter around herself . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 where 's nate ? 
 why did n't he come himself ? '' 
 `` he was unavoidably detained by business in london . 
 mortmain 's could n't spare him . 
 he sent ahead a note for you , however . '' 
 mrs. black held out a rolled-up bit of paper , already dampened with rain . 
 tessa took it and turned away to read it . 
 it was a short note from her brother apologizing for not being at the docks to meet her , and letting her know that he trusted mrs. black and mrs. dark-i call them the dark sisters , tessie , for obvious reasons , and they seem to find the name agreeable ! 
 - to bring her safely to his house in london . 
 they were , his note said , his landladies as well as trusted friends , and they had his highest recommendation . 
 that decided her . 
 the letter was certainly from nate . 
 it was in his handwriting , and no one else ever called her tessie . 
 she swallowed hard and slipped the note into her sleeve , turning back to face the sisters . 
 `` very well , '' she said , fighting down her lingering sense of disappointment-she had been so looking forward to seeing her brother . 
 `` shall we call a porter to fetch my trunk ? '' 
 `` no need , no need . '' 
 mrs. dark 's cheerful tone was at odds with her pinched gray features . 
 `` we 've already arranged to have it sent on ahead . '' 
 she snapped her fingers at the bulging-eyed man , who swung himself up into the driver 's seat at the front of the carriage . 
 she placed her hand on tessa 's shoulder . 
 `` come along , child ; let 's get you out of the rain . '' 
 as tessa moved toward the carriage , propelled by mrs. dark 's bony grip , the mist cleared , revealing the gleaming golden image painted on the side of the door . 
 the words `` the pandemonium club '' curled intricately around two snakes biting each other 's tails , forming a circle . 
 tessa frowned . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` nothing you need worry about , '' said mrs. black , who had already climbed inside and had her skirts spread out across one of the comfortable-looking seats . 
 the inside of the carriage was richly decorated with plush purple velvet bench seats facing each other , and gold tasseled curtains hanging in the windows . 
 mrs. dark helped tessa up into the carriage , then clambered in behind her . 
 as tessa settled herself on the bench seat , mrs. black reached to shut the carriage door behind her sister , closing out the gray sky . 
 when she smiled , her teeth gleamed in the dimness as if they were made out of metal . 
 `` do settle in , theresa . 
 we 've a long ride ahead of us . '' 
 tessa put a hand to the clockwork angel at her throat , taking comfort in its steady ticking , as the carriage lurched forward into the rain . 
 six weeks later 1 the dark house beyond this place of wrath and tears looms but the horror of the shade - william ernest henley , `` invictus '' `` the sisters would like to see you in their chambers , miss gray . '' 
 tessa set the book she had been reading down on the bedside table , and turned to see miranda standing in the doorway of her small room-just as she did at this time every day , delivering the same message she delivered every day . 
 in a moment tessa would ask her to wait in the corridor , and miranda would leave the room . 
 ten minutes later she 'd return and say the same thing again . 
 if tessa did n't come obediently after a few of these attempts , miranda would seize her and drag her , kicking and screaming , down the stairs to the hot , stinking room where the dark sisters waited . 
 it had happened every day of the first week that tessa had been in the dark house , as she had come to call the place they kept her prisoner , until eventually tessa had realized that the screaming and kicking did n't do much good and simply wasted her energy . 
 energy that was probably better saved for other things . 
 `` one moment , miranda , '' tessa said . 
 the maid bobbed an awkward curtsy and went out of the room , shutting the door behind her . 
 tessa rose to her feet , glancing around the small room that had been her prison cell for six weeks . 
 it was small , with flowered wallpaper , and sparsely furnished-a plain deal table with a white lace cloth over it where she ate her meals ; the narrow brass bed where she slept ; the cracked washstand and porcelain jug for her ablutions ; the windowsill where she stacked her books , and the small chair where she sat each night and wrote letters to her brother-letters she knew she could never send , letters she kept hidden under her mattress where the dark sisters would not find them . 
 it was her way of keeping a diary and of assuring herself , somehow , that she would see nate again someday and be able to give them to him . 
 she crossed the room to the mirror that hung against the far wall , and smoothed down her hair . 
 the dark sisters , as they in fact seemed to wish to be called , preferred her not to look messy , although they did n't appear to mind her appearance one way or the other past that-which was fortunate , because her reflection made her wince . 
 there was the pale oval of her face dominated by hollow gray eyes-a shadowed face without color in its cheeks or hope in its expression . 
 she wore the unflattering black schoolmarmish dress that the sisters had given her once she 'd arrived ; her trunk had never followed her , despite their promises , and this was now the only piece of clothing she owned . 
 she looked away quickly . 
 she had n't always flinched from her reflection . 
 nate , with his fair good looks , was the one in the family generally agreed to have inherited her mother 's beauty , but tessa had always been perfectly content with her own smooth brown hair and steady gray eyes . 
 jane eyre had had brown hair , and plenty of other heroines besides . 
 and it was n't so bad being tall , either-taller than most of the boys her own age , it was true , but aunt harriet had always said that as long as a tall woman carried herself well , she would forever look regal . 
 she did n't look regal now , though . 
 she looked pinched and bedraggled and altogether like a frightened scarecrow . 
 she wondered if nate would even recognize her if he saw her today . 
 at that thought her heart seemed to shrink inside her chest . 
 nate . 
 he was the one she was doing all this for , but sometimes she missed him so much it felt like she 'd swallowed broken glass . 
 without him , she was completely alone in the world . 
 there was no one at all for her . 
 no one in the world who cared whether she lived or died . 
 sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return . 
 if no one in the entire world cared about you , did you really exist at all ? 
 the click of the lock cut her thoughts off abruptly . 
 the door opened ; miranda stood on the threshold . 
 `` it is time to come with me now , '' she said . 
 `` mrs. black and mrs. dark are waiting . '' 
 tessa looked at her in distaste . 
 she could n't guess how old miranda was . 
 nineteen ? 
 twenty-five ? 
 there was something ageless about her smooth round face . 
 her hair was the color of ditch water , pulled back harshly behind her ears . 
 exactly like the dark sisters ' coachman , she had eyes that protruded like a frog 's and made her look like she was permanently surprised . 
 tessa thought they must be related . 
 as they went downstairs together , miranda marching along with her graceless , clipped gait , tessa raised her hand to touch the chain around her throat where the clockwork angel hung . 
 it was habit-something she did each time she was forced to see the dark sisters . 
 somehow the feel of the pendant around her neck reassured her . 
 she kept hold of it as they passed landing after landing . 
 there were several levels of corridors to the dark house , though tessa had seen nothing of it but the dark sisters ' chambers , the halls and stairs , and her own room . 
 finally they reached the shadowed cellar . 
 it was dank down here , the walls clammy with unpleasant moisture , though apparently the sisters did n't mind . 
 their office was ahead , through a set of wide double doors . 
 a narrow corridor led away in the other direction , vanishing into darkness ; tessa had no idea what lay down that hallway , but something about the thickness of the shadows made her glad she had never found out . 
 the doors to the sisters ' office were open . 
 miranda did n't hesitate , but clomped inside , tessa following after her with great reluctance . 
 she hated this room more than any other place on earth . 
 to begin with , it was always hot and wet inside , like a swamp , even when the skies outside were gray and rainy . 
 the walls seemed to seep moisture , and the upholstery on the seats and sofas was always blooming with mold . 
 it smelled strange as well , like the banks of the hudson on a hot day : water and garbage and silt . 
 the sisters were already there , as they always were , seated behind their enormous raised desk . 
 they were their usual colorful selves , mrs. black in a dress of vibrant salmon pink and mrs. dark in a gown of peacock blue . 
 above the brilliantly colored satins , their faces were like deflated gray balloons . 
 they both wore gloves despite how hot the room was . 
 `` leave us now , miranda , '' said mrs. black , who was spinning the heavy brass globe they kept on the desk with one plump , white-gloved finger . 
 tessa had many times tried to get a better look at the globe-something about the way the continents were laid out had never looked quite right to her , especially the space in the center of europe-but the sisters always kept her away from it . 
 `` and shut the door behind you . '' 
 expressionless , miranda did as asked . 
 tessa tried not to wince as the door shut behind her , closing off what little breeze there was in this airless place . 
 mrs. dark tilted her head to the side . 
 `` come here , theresa . '' 
 of the two women , she was the more kind-more likely to wheedle and persuade than her sister , who liked to convince with slaps and hissed threats . 
 `` and take this . '' 
 she held something out : a dilapidated bit of pink fabric tied in a bow , the sort that might be used as a girl 's hair ribbon . 
 she was used to being handed things by the dark sisters now . 
 things that had once belonged to people : tie pins and watches , mourning jewelry , and children 's toys . 
 once the laces of a boot ; once a single earring , stained with blood . 
 `` take this , '' said mrs. dark again , a hint of impatience in her voice . 
 `` and change . '' 
 tessa took the bow . 
 it lay in her hand , as light as a moth 's wing , and the dark sisters stared impassively at her . 
 she remembered books she had read , novels in which characters were on trial , standing quaking in the dock at the old bailey and praying for a verdict of not guilty . 
 she often felt she was on trial herself in this room , without knowing of what crime she stood accused . 
 she turned the bow over in her hand , remembering the first time the dark sisters had handed an object to her-a woman 's glove , with pearl buttons at the wrist . 
 they had shouted at her to change , had slapped her and shaken her as she 'd told them over and over again with rising hysteria that she had no idea what they were talking about , no idea what they were asking her to do . 
 she had n't cried , even though she 'd wanted to . 
 tessa hated to cry , especially in front of people she did n't trust . 
 and of the only two people in the world she trusted , one was dead and the other imprisoned . 
 they had told her that , the dark sisters , had told her that they had nate , and if she did n't do what they said , he would die . 
 they 'd showed her his ring , the one that had been her father 's - stained with blood now-to prove it . 
 they had n't let her hold it or touch it , had snatched it back as she 'd reached for it , but she 'd recognized it . 
 it was nate 's . 
 after that she had done everything they 'd asked . 
 had drunk the potions they 'd given her , done the hours of agonizing exercises , forced herself to think the way they wanted her to . 
 they 'd told her to imagine herself as clay , being shaped and molded on the potter 's wheel , her form amorphous and changeable . 
 they 'd told her to reach down into the objects they 'd given her , to imagine them as living things , and to draw out the spirit that animated them . 
 it had taken weeks , and the first time she had changed , it had been so blindingly painful that she 'd vomited and passed out . 
 when she 'd woken , she 'd been lying on one of the moldering chaises in the dark sisters ' rooms , a damp towel being sponged across her face . 
 mrs. black had been leaning down over her , her breath as bitter as vinegar , her eyes alight . 
 `` you did well today , theresa , '' she had said . 
 `` very well . '' 
 that evening when tessa had gone up to her room , there had been gifts for her , two new books on her bedside table . 
 somehow the dark sisters had realized that reading and novels were tessa 's passion . 
 there was a copy of great expectations and-of all things-little women . 
 tessa had hugged the books to herself and , alone and unwatched in her room , had let herself cry . 
 it had grown easier since then , the changing . 
 tessa still did n't understand what happened inside her to make it possible , but she had memorized the series of steps the dark sisters had taught her , the way a blind person might memorize the number of paces it takes to walk from their bed to the door of their room . 
 she did n't know what was around her in the strange dark place they asked her to journey to , but she knew the pathway through it . 
 she drew on those memories now , tightening her grip on the ragged bit of pink fabric she held . 
 she opened her mind and let the darkness come down , let the connection that bound her to the hair ribbon and the spirit inside it-the ghostly echo of the person who had once owned it-unravel like a golden thread leading through the shadows . 
 the room she was in , the oppressive heat , the noisy breathing of the dark sisters , all of it fell away as she followed the thread , as the light grew more intense around her and she wrapped herself in it as if she were wrapping herself in a blanket . 
 her skin began to tingle and to sting with thousands of tiny shocks . 
 this had been the worst part , once-the part that had convinced her she was dying . 
 now she was used to it , and bore it stoically as she shuddered all over , from her scalp to her toes . 
 the clockwork angel around her throat seemed to tick faster , as if in rhythm with her speeding heart . 
 the pressure inside her skin built-tessa gasped-and her eyes , which had been closed , flew open as the sensation built to a crescendo-and then vanished . 
 it was over . 
 tessa blinked dizzily . 
 the first moment after a change was always like blinking water out of your eyes after submerging yourself in a bath . 
 she looked down at herself . 
 her new body was slight , almost frail , and the fabric of her dress hung loose , pooling on the floor at her feet . 
 her hands , clasped in front of her , were pale and thin , with chapped tips and bitten nails . 
 unfamiliar , alien hands . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 mrs. black demanded . 
 she had risen to her feet and was looking down at tessa with her pale eyes burning . 
 she looked almost hungry . 
 tessa did n't have to answer . 
 the girl whose skin she wore answered for her , speaking through her the way spirits were said to speak through their mediums-but tessa hated to think about it that way ; the change was so much more intimate , so much more frightening , than that . 
 `` emma , '' the voice that came from tessa said . 
 `` miss emma bayliss , ma'am . '' 
 `` and who are you , emma bayliss ? '' 
 the voice replied , words tumbling out of tessa 's mouth , bringing strong images with them . 
 born in cheapside , emma had been one of six children . 
 her father was dead , and her mother sold peppermint water from a cart in the east end . 
 emma had learned to sew to bring in money when she was still a small child . 
 nights , she spent sitting at the little table in her kitchen , sewing seams by the light of a tallow candle . 
 sometimes , when the candle burned down and there was no money for another , she would go out into the streets and sit below one of the municipal gas lamps , using its light to sew by ... . 
 `` is that what you were doing out on the street the night you died , emma bayliss ? '' 
 asked mrs. dark . 
 she was smiling thinly now , running her tongue over her lower lip , as if she could sense what the answer would be . 
 tessa saw narrow , shadowy streets , wrapped in thick fog , a silver needle working by faint yellow gaslight . 
 a step , muffled in the fog . 
 hands that reached out of the shadows and took hold of her shoulders , hands that dragged her , screaming , into the darkness . 
 the needle and thread falling from her hands , the bows ripped from her hair as she struggled . 
 a harsh voice shouting something angry . 
 and then the silver blade of a knife flashing down through the dark , slicing into her skin , drawing out the blood . 
 pain that was like fire , and terror like nothing else she 'd ever known . 
 she kicked out at the man holding her , succeeding in knocking the dagger from his hand ; she caught the blade and ran , stumbling as she weakened , the blood draining out of her fast , so fast . 
 she crumpled in an alley , hearing the hissing scream of something behind her . 
 she knew it was following her , and she was hoping to die before it reached her - the change shattered like glass . 
 with a cry tessa fell to her knees , the torn little bow falling from her hand . 
 it was her hand again-emma had gone , like a cast-off skin . 
 tessa was once more alone inside her own mind . 
 mrs. black 's voice came from far away . 
 `` theresa ? 
 where is emma ? '' 
 `` she 's dead , '' tessa whispered . 
 `` she died in an alley-bled to death . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 mrs. dark exhaled , a sound of satisfaction . 
 `` well done , theresa . 
 that was very good . '' 
 tessa said nothing . 
 the front of her dress was splotched with blood , but there was no pain . 
 she knew it was not her blood ; it was n't the first time this had happened . 
 she closed her eyes , spinning in the darkness , willing herself not to faint . 
 `` we should have had her do this before , '' said mrs. black . 
 `` the matter of the bayliss girl has been bothering me . '' 
 mrs. dark 's reply was curt . 
 `` i was n't sure she was up to it . 
 you remember what happened with the adams woman . '' 
 tessa knew immediately what they were talking about . 
 weeks ago she had changed into a woman who had died of a gunshot wound to the heart ; blood had poured down her dress and she had changed back immediately , screaming in hysterical terror until the sisters had made her see that she herself was unharmed . 
 `` she 's advanced wonderfully since then , do n't you think , sister ? '' 
 mrs. black said . 
 `` given what we had to work with in the beginning-she did n't even know what she was . '' 
 `` indeed , she was absolutely unformed clay , '' mrs. dark agreed . 
 `` we have truly worked a miracle here . 
 i ca n't see how the magister could fail to be pleased . '' 
 mrs. black gave a little gasp . 
 `` does that mean-do you think it 's time ? '' 
 `` oh , absolutely , my dear sister . 
 she 's as ready as she 'll ever be . 
 it 's time for our theresa to meet her master . '' 
 there was a gloating note in mrs. dark 's voice , a sound so unpleasant that it cut through tessa 's blinding dizziness . 
 what were they talking about ? 
 who was the magister ? 
 she watched through lowered eyelashes as mrs. dark jerked the silk bellpull that would summon miranda to come and take tessa back to her room . 
 it appeared that the lesson was over for today . 
 `` perhaps tomorrow , '' mrs. black said , `` or even tonight . 
 if we told the magister she was ready , i can not imagine he would not hurry here without delay . '' 
 mrs. dark , stepping out from behind the desk , chuckled . 
 `` i understand that you 're eager to be paid for all our work , dear sister . 
 but theresa must not be simply ready . 
 she must be ... presentable as well as able . 
 do n't you agree ? '' 
 mrs. black , following her sister , muttered a response that was cut short as the door opened and miranda came in . 
 she wore the same dull look as ever . 
 the sight of tessa crouched and bloody on the floor seemed to occasion no surprise in her . 
 then again , tessa thought , she had probably seen far worse in this room . 
 `` take the girl back up to her room , miranda . '' 
 the eagerness was gone from mrs. black 's voice , and she was all brusqueness again . 
 `` get the things-you know , the ones we showed you-and get her dressed and ready . '' 
 `` the things ... you showed me ? '' 
 miranda sounded blank . 
 mrs. dark and mrs. black exchanged a disgusted look , and approached miranda , blocking tessa 's view of the girl . 
 tessa heard them whispering to her , and caught a few words - `` dresses '' and `` wardrobe room '' and `` do what you can to make her look pretty , '' and then finally , tessa heard the rather cruel , `` i 'm not sure miranda is clever enough to obey vague instructions of that sort , sister . '' 
 make her look pretty . 
 but what did they care whether she looked pretty or not , when they could force her to look any way they wanted ? 
 what did it matter what her true appearance was ? 
 and why would the magister care ? 
 though , it was very clear from the sisters ' behavior that they believed he would . 
 mrs. black swept from the room , her sister following behind her , as she always did . 
 at the door mrs. dark paused , and looked back at tessa . 
 `` do remember , theresa , '' she said , `` that this day-this very night-is what all of our preparation has been for . '' 
 she took hold of her skirts in both bony hands . 
 `` do not fail us . '' 
 she let the door bang shut behind her . 
 tessa flinched at the noise , but miranda , as always , seemed utterly unaffected . 
 in all the time that she had passed in the dark house , tessa had never been able to startle the other girl , or surprise an unguarded expression out of her . 
 `` come , '' miranda said . 
 `` we must go upstairs now . '' 
 tessa rose to her feet , slowly . 
 her mind was whirling . 
 her life in the dark house had been horrible , but she had-she realized now-grown almost used to it . 
 she had known what to expect each day . 
 she had known the dark sisters were preparing her for something , but she had not known what that something was . 
 she had believed-naively , perhaps-that they would n't kill her . 
 why waste all this training on her if she was only going to die ? 
 but something in mrs. dark 's gloating tone gave her pause . 
 something had changed . 
 they had achieved what they wanted with her . 
 they were going to be `` paid . '' 
 but who was going to do the paying ? 
 `` come , '' miranda said again . 
 `` we must get you ready for the magister . '' 
 `` miranda , '' tessa said . 
 she spoke softly , the way she might have spoken to a nervous cat . 
 miranda had never answered a question of tessa 's before , but that did n't mean it was n't worth trying . 
 `` who is the magister ? '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 miranda stared straight ahead , her doughy face impassive . 
 then , to tessa 's surprise , she spoke . 
 `` the magister is a very great man , '' she said . 
 `` it will be an honor for you when you are married to him . '' 
 `` married ? '' 
 tessa echoed . 
 the shock was so intense that she could suddenly see the whole room more clearly-miranda , the blood-splattered rug on the floor , the heavy brass globe on the desk , still tilted in the position mrs. black had left it in . 
 `` me ? 
 but-who is he ? '' 
 `` he is a very great man , '' miranda said again . 
 `` it will be an honor . '' 
 she moved toward tessa . 
 `` you must come with me now . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tessa backed away from the other girl , retreating until the small of her back struck painfully against the desk . 
 she looked around desperately . 
 she could run , but she 'd never get past miranda to the door ; there were no windows , no doors to other rooms . 
 if she hid behind the desk , miranda would simply drag her out and haul her to her room . 
 `` miranda , please . '' 
 `` you must come with me now , '' miranda repeated ; she had almost reached tessa . 
 tessa could see herself reflected in the black pupils of the other girl 's eyes , could smell the faint , bitter , almost charred smell that clung to miranda 's clothes and skin . 
 `` you must - '' with a strength she did n't know she possessed , tessa seized the base of the brass globe on the desk , lifted it , and swung it with all her might at miranda 's head . 
 it connected with a sickening sound . 
 miranda reeled back-and then straightened . 
 tessa shrieked and dropped the globe , staring-the whole left side of miranda 's face was crushed in , like a paper mask that had been smashed flat on one side . 
 her cheekbone was flattened , her lip mashed against her teeth . 
 but there was no blood , no blood at all . 
 `` you must come with me now , '' miranda said , in the same flat tone she always used . 
 tessa gaped . 
 `` you must come-you m-must-you-you-you-yyyyyyyyyyyyy - '' miranda 's voice shuddered and broke , degenerating into a stream of gibberish . 
 she moved toward tessa , then jerked to the side , twitching and stumbling . 
 tessa turned from the desk and began to back away as the injured girl spun , faster and faster . 
 she reeled across the room like a staggering drunk , still shrieking , and crashed into the far wall-which seemed to stun her . 
 she collapsed to the ground and lay still . 
 tessa raced to the door and out into the corridor beyond , pausing only once , just outside the room , to look back . 
 it seemed , in that brief moment , as if a thread of black smoke were rising from miranda 's prone body , but there was no time to stare . 
 tessa darted down the hall , leaving the door hanging open behind her . 
 she dashed for the stairs and hurtled up them , nearly tripping over her skirts and banging her knee painfully on one of the steps . 
 she cried out and scrambled on , up to the first landing , where she dashed into the corridor . 
 it stretched out ahead of her , long and curving , disappearing into shadows . 
 as she raced down it , she saw that it was lined with doors . 
 she paused and tried one , but it was locked , and so was the next one , and the next after that . 
 another set of stairs led down at the end of the hallway . 
 tessa raced down them and found herself in an entryway . 
 it looked as if it had once been grand-the floor was cracked and stained marble , and high windows on either side were shielded with curtains . 
 a little bit of light spilled through the lace , illuminating an enormous front door . 
 tessa 's heart leaped . 
 she dived for the knob , seized it , and flung the door open . 
 there was a narrow cobblestoned street beyond , with rows of terraced houses lining either side . 
 the smell of the city hit tessa like a blow-it had been so long since she 'd breathed outside air . 
 it was close to dark , the sky the dimming blue of twilight , obscured by smudges of fog . 
 in the distance she could hear voices , the cries of children playing , the clop of horses ' hooves . 
 but here the street was nearly deserted , save for a man leaning against a nearby gas lamp , reading a newspaper by its light . 
 tessa dashed down the steps and toward the stranger , catching him by the sleeve . 
 `` please , sir-if you could help me - '' he turned , and looked down at her . 
 tessa stifled a scream . 
 his face was as white and waxy as it had been the first time she 'd seen him , at the dock in southampton ; his bulging eyes still reminded her of miranda 's , and his teeth gleamed like metal when he grinned . 
 it was the dark sisters ' coachman . 
 tessa turned to run , but it was already too late . 
 2 hell is cold between two worlds life hovers like a star , ` twixt night and morn , upon the horizon 's verge . 
 how little do we know that which we are ! 
 how less what we may be ! 
 - lord byron , don juan `` you stupid little girl , '' mrs. black spat as she jerked tight the knots holding tessa 's wrists to her bed frame . 
 `` what did you think you were going to accomplish , running away like that ? 
 where did you think you could possibly go ? '' 
 tessa said nothing , simply set her chin and looked toward the wall . 
 she refused to let mrs. black , or her horrible sister , see how close she was to tears , or how much the ropes binding her ankles and wrists to the bed hurt . 
 `` she is entirely insensible of the honor being done to her , '' said mrs. dark , who was standing by the door as if to make sure tessa did n't rip free of her bonds and rush out through it . 
 `` it is disgusting to behold . '' 
 `` we have done what we can for her to make her ready for the magister , '' mrs. black said , and sighed . 
 `` a pity we had such dull clay to work with , despite her talent . 
 she is a deceitful little fool . '' 
 `` indeed , '' agreed her sister . 
 `` she does realize , does n't she , what will happen to her brother if she tries to disobey us again ? 
 we might be willing to be lenient this time , but the next ... '' she hissed through her teeth , a sound that made the hairs rise up on the back of tessa 's neck . 
 `` nathaniel will not be so fortunate . '' 
 tessa could n't stand it anymore ; even knowing she should n't speak , should n't give them the satisfaction , she could n't hold the words back . 
 `` if you told me who the magister was , or what he wants with me - '' `` he wants to marry you , you little fool . '' 
 mrs. black , finished with the knots , stepped back to admire her handiwork . 
 `` he wants to give you everything . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 tessa whispered . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 `` because of your talent , '' mrs. dark said . 
 `` because of what you are and what you can do . 
 what we trained you to do . 
 you should be grateful to us . '' 
 `` but my brother . '' 
 tears burned behind tessa 's eyes . 
 i will not cry , i will not cry , i will not cry , she told herself . 
 `` you told me that if i did everything you said , you 'd let him go - '' `` once you marry the magister , he 'll give you whatever you want . 
 if that 's your brother , he 'll give it to you . '' 
 there was no remorse or emotion in mrs. black 's voice . 
 mrs. dark chuckled . 
 `` i know what she 's thinking . 
 she 's thinking that if she could have whatever she wanted , she 'd have us killed . '' 
 `` do n't waste your energy even imagining the possibility . '' 
 mrs. black chucked tessa under the chin . 
 `` we have an ironclad contract with the magister . 
 he can never harm us , nor would he want to . 
 he owes us everything , for giving him you . '' 
 she leaned in closer , dropping her voice to a whisper . 
 `` he wants you healthy and intact . 
 if he did n't , i 'd have you beaten bloody . 
 if you dare disobey us again , i 'll defy his wishes and have you whipped until your skin peels off . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 tessa turned her face to the wall . 
 there had been a night on the main , as they 'd passed newfoundland , when tessa had not been able to sleep . 
 she had gone out on the deck to get a breath of air , and had seen the night sea ablaze with white glittering mountains-icebergs , one of the sailors had told her as he 'd passed , broken loose from the ice sheets of the north by the warmer weather . 
 they had drifted slowly on the dark water , like the towers of a drowned white city . 
 tessa had thought that she 'd never seen such a lonely sight . 
 she had only begun to imagine loneliness , she knew now . 
 once the sisters left , tessa discovered , she no longer felt like she wanted to cry . 
 the pressure at the backs of her eyes was gone , replaced by a dull feeling of hollow despair . 
 mrs. dark had been right . 
 if tessa could have killed them both , she would have . 
 she pulled experimentally at the ropes tying her legs and arms to the bedposts . 
 they did n't budge . 
 the knots were tight ; tight enough to dig into her flesh and make her hands and feet tingle and shiver with pins and needles . 
 she had a few minutes , she estimated , before her extremities went dead entirely . 
 part of her-and not a small part-wanted to stop struggling , to lie there limply until the magister came to take her away . 
 the sky was already darkening outside the small window ; it could n't be much longer now . 
 perhaps he really did want to marry her . 
 perhaps he truly wanted to give her everything . 
 suddenly she heard aunt harriet 's voice in her head : when you find a man you wish to marry , tessa , remember this : you will know what kind of man he is not by the things he says , but by the things he does . 
 aunt harriet had been right , of course . 
 no man she would ever want to marry would have arranged to have her treated like a prisoner and a slave , imprisoned her brother , and had her tortured in the name of her `` talent . '' 
 it was a travesty and a joke . 
 heaven only knew what the magister wanted to do with her once he had his hands on her . 
 if it was something she could survive , she imagined she would soon enough wish she had n't . 
 god , what a useless talent she had ! 
 the power to change her appearance ? 
 if only she had the power to set things on fire , or shatter metal , or cause knives to grow out of her fingers ! 
 or if she only had the power to make herself invisible , or shrink herself to the size of a mouse - she went suddenly still , so still that she could hear the ticking of the clockwork angel against her chest . 
 she did n't have to shrink herself down to the size of a mouse , did she ? 
 all she had to do was make herself small enough that the ties around her wrists would be loose . 
 it was possible for her to change into someone a second time , without touching something that had belonged to them-as long as she 'd done it before . 
 the sisters had made her memorize how to do it . 
 for the first time , she was glad of something they 'd forced her to learn . 
 she pressed herself back against the hard mattress and made herself remember . 
 the street , the kitchen , the movement of the needle , the glow of the gaslight . 
 she willed it on , willed the change to come . 
 what 's your name ? 
 emma . 
 emma bayliss ... the change bore down on her like a train , almost knocking the breath out of her-reshaping her skin , reforming her bones . 
 she choked back her screams and arched her back - and it was done . 
 blinking , tessa stared up at the ceiling , then glanced sideways , staring at her wrist , at the rope around it . 
 there were her hands-emma 's hands-thin and frail , the circle of the rope loose around her small wrists . 
 triumphantly tessa jerked her hands free and sat up , rubbing at the red marks where the rope had burned her skin . 
 her ankles were still tied . 
 she leaned forward , her fingers working quickly at the knots . 
 mrs. black , it turned out , could tie knots like a sailor . 
 tessa 's fingers were bloodied and sore by the time the rope fell away and she sprang to her feet . 
 emma 's hair was so thin and fine that it had slipped free of the clips holding tessa 's own hair back . 
 tessa pushed her hair back impatiently over her shoulders and shook herself free of emma , letting the change wash away from her until her hair slid through her fingers , thick and familiar to the touch . 
 glancing at the mirror across the room , she saw that little emma bayliss was gone and she was herself again . 
 a noise behind her made her whirl . 
 the knob of the bedroom door was turning , twisting back and forth as if the person on the other side were having difficulty getting it open . 
 mrs. dark , she thought . 
 the woman was back , to whip her until she was bloody . 
 back , to take her to the magister . 
 tessa hurried across the room , seized the porcelain jug from the washstand , and then scuttled to the side of the door , the jug gripped hard in her whitened fist . 
 the knob turned ; the door opened . 
 in the dimness all tessa could see was shadows as someone stepped into the room . 
 she lunged forward , swinging the jug with all her strength - the shadowy figure moved , as quick as a whip , but not quite quick enough ; the jug slammed into the figure 's outstretched arm before flying from tessa 's grasp to crash into the far wall . 
 broken crockery rained down onto the floor as the stranger yelled . 
 the yell was undeniably a masculine one . 
 so was the flood of cursing that followed . 
 she backed away , then dashed for the door-but it had slammed shut , and tug as she would on the knob , it would n't budge . 
 bright light blazed through the room as if the sun had risen . 
 tessa spun , blinking away the tears in her eyes-and stared . 
 there was a boy standing in front of her . 
 he could n't have been much older than she was-seventeen or possibly eighteen . 
 he was dressed in what looked like workman 's clothes-a frayed black jacket , trousers , and tough-looking boots . 
 he wore no waistcoat , and thick leather straps crisscrossed his waist and chest . 
 attached to the straps were weapons-daggers and folding knives and things that looked like blades of ice . 
 in his right hand he held a sort of glowing stone-it was shining , providing the light in the room that had nearly blinded tessa . 
 his other hand-slim and long-fingered-was bleeding where she had gashed the back of it with her pitcher . 
 but that was n't what made her stare . 
 he had the most beautiful face she had ever seen . 
 tangled black hair and eyes like blue glass . 
 elegant cheekbones , a full mouth , and long , thick lashes . 
 even the curve of his throat was perfect . 
 he looked like every fictional hero she 'd ever conjured up in her head . 
 although she 'd never imagined one of them cursing at her while shaking his bleeding hand in an accusing fashion . 
 he seemed to realize she was staring at him , because the cursing stopped . 
 `` you cut me , '' he said . 
 his voice was pleasant . 
 british . 
 very ordinary . 
 he looked at his hand with critical interest . 
 `` it might be fatal . '' 
 tessa looked at him with wide eyes . 
 `` are you the magister ? '' 
 he tilted his hand to the side . 
 blood ran down it , spattering the floor . 
 `` dear me , massive blood loss . 
 death could be imminent . '' 
 `` are you the magister ? '' 
 `` magister ? '' 
 he looked mildly surprised by her vehemence . 
 `` that means ` master ' in latin , does n't it ? '' 
 `` i ... '' tessa was feeling increasingly as if she were trapped in a strange dream . 
 `` i suppose it does . '' 
 `` i 've mastered many things in my life . 
 navigating the streets of london , dancing the quadrille , the japanese art of flower arranging , lying at charades , concealing a highly intoxicated state , delighting young women with my charms ... '' tessa stared . 
 `` alas , '' he went on , `` no one has ever actually referred to me as ` the master , ' or ` the magister , ' either . 
 more 's the pity ... '' `` are you highly intoxicated at the moment ? '' 
 tessa meant the question in all seriousness , but realized the moment the words were out of her mouth that she must have sounded awfully rude-or worse , flirtatious . 
 he seemed too steady on his feet to really be drunk , anyway . 
 she 'd seen nate intoxicated enough times to know the difference . 
 perhaps he was merely insane . 
 `` how very direct , but i suppose all you americans are , are n't you ? '' 
 the boy looked amused . 
 `` yes , your accent gives you away . 
 what 's your name , then ? '' 
 tessa looked at him in disbelief . 
 `` what 's my name ? '' 
 `` do n't you know it ? '' 
 `` you-you 've come bursting into my room , scared me nearly to death , and now you demand to know my name ? 
 what on earth 's your name ? 
 and who are you , anyway ? '' 
 `` my name is herondale , '' the boy said cheerfully . 
 `` william herondale , but everyone calls me will . 
 is this really your room ? 
 not very nice , is it ? '' 
 he wandered toward the window , pausing to examine the stacks of books on her bedside table , and then the bed itself . 
 he waved a hand at the ropes . 
 `` do you often sleep tied to the bed ? '' 
 tessa felt her cheeks flame and was amazed , under the circumstances , that she still had the capacity to be embarrassed . 
 should she tell him the truth ? 
 was it at all possible that he was the magister ? 
 though anyone who looked like that would n't need to tie girls up and imprison them in order to get them to marry him . 
 `` here . 
 hold this . '' 
 he handed her the glowing stone . 
 tessa took it , half-expecting it to burn her fingers , but it was cool to the touch . 
 the moment it struck her palm , its light dimmed to a shimmering flicker . 
 she looked toward him in dismay , but he had made his way to the window and was looking out , seemingly unconcerned . 
 `` pity we 're on the third floor . 
 i could manage the jump , but it would probably kill you . 
 no , we must go through the door and take our chances in the house . '' 
 `` go through the - what ? '' 
 tessa , feeling mired in a semi-permanent state of confusion , shook her head . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` how can you not understand ? '' 
 he pointed at her books . 
 `` you read novels . 
 obviously , i 'm here to rescue you . 
 do n't i look like sir galahad ? '' 
 he raised his arms dramatically . '' 
 ` my strength is as the strength of ten , because my heart is pure - ' '' something echoed , far away inside the house-the sound of a door slamming . 
 will said a word sir galahad would never have said , and sprang away from the window . 
 he landed with a wince , and glanced ruefully down at his injured hand . 
 `` i 'll need to take care of this later . 
 come along ... '' he looked at her pointedly , a question in his eyes . 
 `` miss gray , '' she said faintly . 
 `` miss theresa gray . '' 
 `` miss gray , '' he repeated . 
 `` come along , then , miss gray . '' 
 he sprang past her , moved toward the door , found the knob , turned it , yanked - nothing happened . 
 `` it wo n't work , '' she said . 
 `` the door can not be opened from the inside . '' 
 will grinned ferociously . 
 `` ca n't it ? '' 
 he reached for his belt , for one of the objects that hung on it . 
 he chose what looked like a long , slender twig , picked clean of smaller branches , and made of a whitish-silver material . 
 he placed the end of it against the door and drew . 
 thick black lines spiraled out from the tip of the flexible cylinder , making an audible hissing noise as they spread across the wooden surface like a directed spill of ink . 
 `` you 're drawing ? '' 
 tessa demanded . 
 `` i do n't really see how that can possibly - '' there was a noise like cracking glass . 
 the doorknob , untouched , spun-fast , then faster , and the door sprang open , a faint puff of smoke rising from the hinges . 
 `` now you do , '' will said , and , pocketing the strange object , gestured for tessa to follow him . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 inexplicably , she hesitated , looking back toward the room that had been her prison for nearly two months . 
 `` my books - '' `` i 'll get you more books . '' 
 he urged her into the corridor ahead of him , and pulled the door shut behind them . 
 after catching hold of her wrist , he drew her down the hallway and around a corner . 
 here were the stairs that she had descended so many times with miranda . 
 will took them two at a time , pulling her after him . 
 from above them tessa heard a scream . 
 it was unmistakably mrs. dark 's . 
 `` they 've found you missing , '' will said . 
 they had reached the first landing , and tessa slowed her pace-only to be jerked ahead by will , who seemed disinclined to stop . 
 `` are n't we going out the front door ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` we ca n't . 
 the building 's surrounded . 
 there 's a line of carriages pulled up out front . 
 i appear to have arrived at an unexpectedly exciting time . '' 
 he started down the stairs again , and tessa followed . 
 `` do you know what the dark sisters had planned for this evening ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but you were expecting someone called the magister ? '' 
 they were in the cellar now , where the plaster walls gave way suddenly to damp stone . 
 without miranda 's lantern it was quite dark . 
 heat rose to meet them like a wave . 
 `` by the angel , it 's like the ninth circle of hell down here - '' `` the ninth circle of hell is cold , '' tessa said automatically . 
 will stared at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` in the inferno , '' she told him . 
 `` hell is cold . 
 it 's covered in ice . '' 
 he stared at her for another long moment , the corners of his mouth twitching , then held out his hand . 
 `` give me the witchlight . '' 
 at her blank expression he made an impatient noise . 
 `` the stone . 
 give me the stone . '' 
 the moment his hand closed about the stone , light blazed up from it again , raying out through his fingers . 
 for the first time tessa saw that he had a design on the back of his hand , drawn there as if in black ink . 
 it looked like an open eye . 
 `` as for the temperature of hell , miss gray , '' he said , `` let me give you a piece of advice . 
 the handsome young fellow who 's trying to rescue you from a hideous fate is never wrong . 
 not even if he says the sky is purple and made of hedgehogs . '' 
 he really is mad , tessa thought , but did n't say so ; she was too alarmed by the fact that he had started toward the wide double doors of the dark sisters ' chambers . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she caught at his arm , pulling him back . 
 `` not that way . 
 there 's no way out . 
 it 's a dead end . '' 
 `` correcting me again , i see . '' 
 will turned and strode the other way , toward the shadowy corridor tessa had always feared . 
 swallowing hard , she followed him . 
 the corridor narrowed as they went along it , the walls pressing in on either side . 
 the heat was even more intense here , making tessa 's hair spring into curls and paste itself to her temples and neck . 
 the air felt thick and was hard to breathe . 
 for a while they walked in silence , until tessa could stand it no longer . 
 she had to ask , even though she knew the answer would be no . 
 `` mr. herondale , '' she said , `` did my brother send you to find me ? '' 
 she half-feared he 'd make some mad comment in response , but he simply looked at her curiously . 
 `` never heard of your brother , '' he said , and she felt the dull ache of disappointment gnaw at her heart . 
 she 'd known nate could n't have sent him-he 'd have known her name , then , would n't he ? 
 - but it still hurt . 
 `` and outside of the past ten minutes , miss gray , i 'd never heard of you , either . 
 i 've been following the trail of a dead girl for near on two months . 
 she was murdered , left in an alley to bleed to death . 
 she 'd been running from ... something . '' 
 the corridor had reached a forking point , and after a pause will headed to the left . 
 `` there was a dagger beside her , covered in her blood . 
 it had a symbol on it . 
 two snakes , swallowing each other 's tails . '' 
 tessa felt a jolt . 
 left in an alley to bleed to death . 
 there was a dagger beside her . 
 surely the body had been emma 's . 
 `` that 's the same symbol that 's on the side of the dark sisters ' carriage-that 's what i call them , mrs. dark and mrs. black , i mean - '' `` you 're not the only one who calls them that ; the other downworlders do the same , '' said will . 
 `` i discovered that fact while investigating the symbol . 
 i must have carried that knife through a hundred downworld haunts , searching for someone who might recognize it . 
 i offered a reward for information . 
 eventually the name of the dark sisters came to my ears . '' 
 `` downworld ? '' 
 tessa echoed , puzzled . 
 `` is that a place in london ? '' 
 `` never mind that , '' said will . 
 `` i 'm boasting of my investigative skills , and i would prefer to do it without interruption . 
 where was i ? '' 
 `` the dagger - '' tessa broke off as a voice echoed down the corridor , high and sweet and unmistakable . 
 `` miss gray . '' 
 mrs. dark 's voice . 
 it seemed to drift between the walls like coiling smoke . 
 `` oh , miss graaaay . 
 where are you ? '' 
 tessa froze . 
 `` oh , god , they 've caught up with - '' will seized her wrist again , and they were off running , the witchlight in his other hand throwing a wild pattern of shadows and light against the stone walls as they hurtled down the twisting corridor . 
 the floor sloped down , the stones underfoot growing gradually more slick and damp as the air around them grew hotter and hotter . 
 it was as if they were racing down into hell itself as the voices of the dark sisters echoed off the walls . 
 `` miss graaaaaay ! 
 we sha n't let you run , you know . 
 we sha n't let you hide ! 
 we 'll find you , poppet . 
 you know we will . '' 
 will and tessa careened around a corner , and came up short-the corridor ended at a pair of high metal doors . 
 releasing tessa , will flung himself against them . 
 they burst open and he tumbled inside , followed by tessa , who spun to slam them shut behind her . 
 the weight of them was almost too much for her to manage , and she had to throw her back against them to force them , finally , closed . 
 the only illumination in the room was will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers . 
 it lit him in the darkness , like limelight on a stage , as he reached around her to slam the bolt home on the door . 
 the bolt was heavy and flaking with rust , and , standing as close to him as she was , she could feel the tension in his body as he dragged it home and let it fall into place . 
 `` miss gray ? '' 
 he was leaning against her , her back against the closed doors . 
 she could feel the driving rhythm of his heart-or was it her heart ? 
 the odd white illumination cast by the stone shimmered against the sharp angle of his cheeks , the faint sheen of sweat on his collarbones . 
 there were marks there , too , she saw , rising from the unbuttoned collar of his shirt-like the mark on his hand , thick and black , as if someone had inked designs onto his skin . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` are we safe ? '' 
 without answering he drew away , raising his right hand . 
 as he lifted it , the light blazed up higher , illuminating the room . 
 they were in a sort of cell , though it was very large . 
 the walls , floor , and ceiling were stone , sloping down to a large drain in the middle of the floor . 
 there was only one window , very high up in the wall . 
 there were no doors save the ones they had come through . 
 but none of that was what made tessa draw in her breath . 
 the place was a slaughterhouse . 
 there were long wooden tables running the length of the room . 
 bodies lay on one of them-human bodies , stripped and pale . 
 each had a black incision in the shape of a y marking its chest , and each head dangled back over the edge of the table , the hair of the women sweeping the floor like brooms . 
 on the center table were piles of bloodstained knives and machinery-copper cogs and brass gears and sharp-toothed silver hacksaws . 
 tessa crammed a hand into her mouth , stifling a scream . 
 she tasted blood as she bit down on her own fingers . 
 will did n't seem to notice ; he was white-faced as he looked around , mouthing something under his breath that tessa could n't make out . 
 there was a crashing noise and the metal doors shuddered , as if something heavy had flung itself against them . 
 tessa lowered her bleeding hand and cried out , `` mr. herondale ! '' 
 he turned , as the doors shuddered again . 
 a voice echoed from the other side of them : `` miss gray ! 
 come out now , and we wo n't hurt you ! '' 
 `` they 're lying , '' tessa said quickly . 
 `` oh , do you really think so ? '' 
 having packed as much sarcasm into the question as was humanly possible , will pocketed his glowing witchlight and leaped onto the center table , the one covered in bloodied machinery . 
 he bent down and caught up a heavy-looking brass cog , and weighed it in his hand . 
 with a grunt of effort he hurled it toward the high window ; the glass shattered , and will raised his voice . 
 `` henry ! 
 some assistance , please ! 
 henry ! '' 
 `` who 's henry ? '' 
 tessa demanded , but at that moment the doors shuddered a third time , and thin cracks appeared in the metal . 
 clearly , they were n't going to hold much longer . 
 tessa dashed to the table and seized a weapon , almost at random-this one was a ragged-toothed metal hacksaw , the kind butchers used to cut through bone . 
 she whirled around , clutching it , as the doors burst open . 
 the dark sisters stood in the doorway-mrs . 
 dark , as tall and bony as a rake in her shining lime green gown , and mrs. black , red-faced , her eyes narrowed to slits . 
 a bright corona of blue sparks surrounded them , like tiny fireworks . 
 their gazes slid over will-who , still standing on the table , had drawn one of his icy blades from his belt-and came to rest on tessa . 
 mrs. black 's mouth , a red slash in her pale face , stretched into a grin . 
 `` little miss gray , '' she said . 
 `` you ought to know better than to run . 
 we told you what would happen if you ran again ... . '' 
 `` then do it ! 
 whip me bloody . 
 kill me . 
 i do n't care ! '' 
 tessa shouted , and was gratified to see that the dark sisters looked at least a little taken aback by her outburst ; she 'd been too terrified to raise her voice to them before . 
 `` i wo n't let you give me to the magister ! 
 i 'd rather die ! '' 
 `` what an unexpectedly sharp tongue you have , miss gray , my dear , '' said mrs. black . 
 with great deliberation she reached to draw the glove from her right hand , and for the first time , tessa saw her bare hand . 
 the skin was gray and thick , like an elephant 's hide , her nails long dark talons . 
 they looked as sharp as knives . 
 mrs. black gave tessa a fixed grin . 
 `` perhaps if we cut it out of your head , you 'd learn to mind your manners . '' 
 she moved toward tessa-and was blocked by will leaping down from the table to put himself between them . 
 `` malik , '' he said , and his ice-white blade blazed up like a star . 
 `` get out of my way , little nephilim warrior , '' said mrs. black . 
 `` and take your seraph blades with you . 
 this is not your battle . '' 
 `` you 're wrong about that . '' 
 will narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i 've heard some things about you , my lady . 
 whispers that run through downworld like a river of black poison . 
 i 've been told you and your sister will pay handsomely for the bodies of dead humans , and you do n't much mind how they get that way . '' 
 `` such a fuss over a few mundanes . '' 
 mrs. dark chuckled and moved to stand beside her sister , so that will , with his blazing sword , was between tessa and both ladies . 
 `` we have no quarrel with you , shadowhunter , unless you choose to pick one . 
 you have invaded our territory and broken covenant law in doing so . 
 we could report you to the clave - '' `` while the clave disapproves of trespassers , oddly they take an even darker view of beheading and skinning people . 
 they 're peculiar that way , '' will said . 
 `` people ? '' 
 mrs. dark spat . 
 `` mundanes . 
 you care no more about them than we do . '' 
 she looked toward tessa then . 
 `` has he told you what he really is ? 
 he is n't human - '' `` you 're one to talk , '' tessa said in a trembling voice . 
 `` and has she told you what she is ? '' 
 mrs. black demanded of will . 
 `` about her talent ? 
 what she can do ? '' 
 `` if i were to venture a guess , '' will replied , `` i would say it has something to do with the magister . '' 
 mrs. dark looked suspicious . 
 `` you know of the magister ? '' 
 she glanced at tessa . 
 `` ah , i see . 
 only what she has told you . 
 the magister , little boy angel , is more dangerous than you could ever imagine . 
 and he has waited a long time for someone with tessa 's ability . 
 you might even say he is the one who caused her to be born - '' her words were swallowed up in a colossal crash as the whole east wall of the room suddenly caved in . 
 it was like the walls of jericho tumbling down in tessa 's old bible stories picture book . 
 one moment the wall was there , and the next it was n't ; there was a huge gaping rectangular hole instead , steaming with choking swirls of plaster dust . 
 mrs. dark gave a thin scream and seized her skirts with her bony hands . 
 clearly she had n't expected the wall to collapse , any more than tessa had . 
 will caught hold of tessa 's hand and pulled her toward him , blocking her with his body as chunks of stone and plaster rained down on them . 
 as his arms went around her , she could hear mrs. black screaming . 
 tessa twisted in will 's grip , trying to see what was happening . 
 mrs. dark stood , pointing with one gloved , trembling finger toward the dark hole in the wall . 
 the dust was beginning to settle , barely-enough so that the figures moving toward them through the wreckage slowly began to take shape . 
 the shadowy outlines of two human figures became visible ; each was holding a blade , and each blade shone with the same blue-white light as will 's . 
 angels , tessa thought , wondering , but she did n't say it . 
 that light , so bright-what else could they be ? 
 mrs. black gave a screech and lunged forward . 
 she threw her hands out , and sparks shot from them like exploding fireworks . 
 tessa heard someone yell-a very human yell-and will , releasing tessa , spun and flung his bright-burning sword at mrs. black . 
 it whipped through the air , end over end , and drove into her chest . 
 screaming and twisting , she staggered backward and fell , crashing down onto one of the horrible tables , which collapsed in a mess of blood and splintering wood . 
 will grinned . 
 it was n't a pleasant sort of grin . 
 he turned to look at tessa then . 
 for a moment they stared at each other , silently , across the space that separated them-and then his other companions flooded in around him , two men in close-fitting dark coats , brandishing shining weapons , and moving so fast that tessa 's vision blurred . 
 tessa backed toward the far wall , trying to avoid the chaos in the center of the room , where mrs. dark , howling imprecations , was holding off her attackers with the burning sparks of energy that flew from her hands like fiery rain . 
 mrs. black was writhing on the floor , sheets of black smoke rising from her body as if she were burning from the inside out . 
 tessa moved toward the open door that led to the corridor-and strong hands seized her and yanked her backward . 
 tessa shrieked and twisted , but the hands circling her upper arms were as strong as iron . 
 she turned her head to the side and sank her teeth into the hand gripping her left arm . 
 someone yelled and let go of her ; spinning , she saw a tall man with a shock of untidy ginger hair staring at her with a reproachful expression , his bleeding left hand cradled against his chest . 
 `` will ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` will , she bit me ! '' 
 `` did she , henry ? '' 
 will , looking amused as usual , appeared like a summoned spirit from the chaos of smoke and flames . 
 behind him , tessa could see the second of his companions , a muscular brown-haired young man , holding a struggling mrs. dark . 
 mrs. black was a dark humped shape on the ground . 
 will raised an eyebrow in tessa 's direction . 
 `` it 's bad form to bite , '' he informed her . 
 `` rude , you know . 
 has n't anyone ever told you that ? '' 
 `` it 's also rude to go about grabbing at ladies you have n't been introduced to , '' tessa said stiffly . 
 `` has n't anyone told you that ? '' 
 the ginger-haired man whom will had called henry shook his bleeding hand with a rueful smile . 
 he had a nice sort of face , tessa thought ; she almost felt guilty for having bitten him . 
 `` will ! 
 look out ! '' 
 the brown-haired man shouted . 
 will spun as something flew through the air , narrowly missed henry 's head , and crashed into the wall behind tessa . 
 it was a large brass cog , and it hit the wall with such force that it stuck there like a marble wedged into a bit of pastry . 
 tessa whirled-and saw mrs. black advancing toward them , her eyes burning like coal in her crumpled white face . 
 black licks of flame sprayed up around the hilt of the sword that protruded from her chest . 
 `` damn - '' will reached for the hilt of another blade wedged through the belt at his waist . 
 `` i thought we 'd put that thing down - '' baring her teeth , mrs. black lunged . 
 will leaped out of the way , but henry was n't quite as fast ; she struck him and knocked him backward . 
 clinging on like a tick , she rode him to the ground , snarling , her claws sinking into his shoulders as he yelled . 
 will whirled , the blade now in his hand ; raising it , he shouted `` uriel ! '' 
 and it flared up suddenly in his grip like a blazing torch . 
 tessa fell back against the wall as he whipped the blade downward . 
 mrs. black reared back , her claws out , reaching for him - and the blade sheared neatly through her throat . 
 completely severed , her head struck the ground , rolling and bumping , as henry , yelling in disgust and soaked in blackish blood , shoved the remains of her body off him and scrambled to his feet . 
 a terrible scream tore through the room . 
 `` nooooo ! '' 
 the cry had come from mrs. dark . 
 the brown-haired man holding her let go with a sudden cry as blue fire shot from her hands and eyes . 
 yelling in pain , he fell to the side as she tore away from him and advanced on will and tessa , mrs. dark 's eyes flaming like black torches . 
 she was hissing words in a language that tessa had never heard . 
 it sounded like crackling flames . 
 raising a hand , the woman flung what looked like a bolt of lightning toward tessa . 
 with a cry will sprang in front of her , his glowing blade extended . 
 the lightning ricocheted off the blade and struck one of the stone walls , which glowed with a sudden strange light . 
 `` henry , '' will shouted , without turning , `` if you could remove miss gray to a place of safety-soon - '' henry 's bitten hand came down on tessa 's shoulder , as mrs. dark flung another sheet of lightning toward her . 
 why is she trying to kill me ? 
 tessa thought dizzily . 
 why not will ? 
 and then , as henry pulled her toward him , more light sheared off will 's blade , refracting into a dozen blazing shards of brightness . 
 for a moment tessa stared , caught by the unlikely beauty of it-and then she heard henry shout , telling her to drop to the floor , but it was too late . 
 one of the blazing shards had caught her shoulder with incredible force . 
 it was like being struck by a hurtling train . 
 she was knocked free of henry 's grasp , lifted , and flung backward . 
 her head struck the wall with blinding force . 
 she was conscious only briefly of mrs. dark 's high screeching laughter , before the world went away . 
 3 the institute love , hope , fear , faith-these make humanity ; these are its sign and note and character - robert browning , paracelsus in the dream tessa lay once again tied to the narrow brass bed in the dark house . 
 the sisters leaned over her , clacking pairs of long knitting needles and laughing in shrill high-pitched voices . 
 as tessa watched , their features changed , their eyes sinking into their heads , their hair falling out , and stitches appearing across their lips , sewing them shut . 
 tessa shrieked voicelessly , but they did not seem to hear . 
 the sisters vanished entirely then , and aunt harriet was standing over tessa , her face flushed with fever as it had been during the terrible illness that had killed her . 
 she looked at tessa with great sadness . 
 `` i tried , '' she said . 
 `` i tried to love you . 
 but it is n't easy to love a child that is n't human in the least ... . '' 
 `` not human ? '' 
 said an unfamiliar female voice . 
 `` well , if she is n't human , enoch , what is she ? '' 
 the voice sharpened in impatience . 
 `` what do you mean , you do n't know ? 
 everyone 's something . 
 this girl ca n't be nothing at all ... . '' 
 tessa woke with a cry , her eyes flying open , and found herself staring at shadows . 
 darkness clustered about her thickly . 
 she could barely hear the murmur of voices through her panic , and struggled into a sitting position , kicking away blankets and pillows . 
 dimly , she recognized that the blanket was thick and heavy , not the thin , braided one that belonged to the dark house . 
 she was in a bed , just as she had dreamed , in a great stone room , and there was hardly any light . 
 she heard the rasp of her own breath as she turned , and a scream forced its way out of her throat . 
 the face from her nightmare hovered in the darkness before her-a great white moon of a face , its head shaved bald , smooth as marble . 
 where the eyes should have been there were only indentations in the flesh-not as if the eyes had been ripped out , but as if they had never grown there at all . 
 the lips were banded with black stitches , the face scrawled with black marks like the ones on will 's skin , though these looked as if they had been cut there with knives . 
 she screamed again and scrabbled backward , half-falling off the bed . 
 she hit the cold stone floor , and the fabric of the white nightdress she was wearing-someone must have put it on her while she was unconscious-ripped at the hem as she scrambled to her feet . 
 `` miss gray . '' 
 someone was calling her name , but in her panic , she knew only that the voice was unfamiliar . 
 the speaker was not the monster who stood staring at her from the bedside , its scarred face impassive ; it had not moved when she did , and though it showed no signs of pursuing her , she began to back away , carefully , feeling behind herself for a door . 
 the room was so dim , she could see only that it was roughly oval , the walls and floor all of stone . 
 the ceiling was high enough to be in black shadow , and there were long windows across the opposite wall , the sort of arched windows that might have belonged in a church . 
 very little light filtered through them ; it looked as if the sky outside was dark . 
 `` theresa gray - '' she found the door , the metal handle ; turning , she seized on it thankfully , and pulled . 
 nothing happened . 
 a sob rose up in her throat . 
 `` miss gray ! '' 
 the voice said again , and suddenly the room was flooded with light-a sharp , white-silver light that she recognized . 
 `` miss gray , i am sorry . 
 it was not our intention to frighten you . '' 
 the voice was a woman 's : still unfamiliar , but youthful and concerned . 
 `` miss gray , please . '' 
 tessa turned slowly and put her back against the door . 
 she could see clearly now . 
 she was in a stone room whose central focus was a large , four-poster bed , its velvet coverlet now rucked and hanging sideways where she had dragged it off the mattress . 
 tapestry curtains were pulled back , and there was an elegant tapestry rug on the otherwise bare floor . 
 in fact , the room itself was fairly bare . 
 there were no pictures or photographs hanging on the wall , no ornaments cluttering the surfaces of the dark wood furniture . 
 two chairs stood facing each other near the bed , with a small tea table between them . 
 a chinese screen in one corner of the room hid what were probably a bathtub and washstand . 
 beside the bed stood a tall man who wore robes like a monk 's , of a long , coarse , parchment-colored material . 
 red-brown runes circled the cuffs and hem . 
 he carried a silver staff , its head carved in the shape of an angel and runes decorating its length . 
 the hood of his robe was down , leaving bare his scarred , white , blinded face . 
 beside him stood a very small woman , almost child-size , with thick brown hair knotted at the nape of her neck , and a neat , clever little face with bright , dark eyes like a bird 's . 
 she was n't pretty exactly , but there was a calm , kindly look on her face that made the ache of panic in tessa 's stomach ease slightly , though she could n't have said exactly why . 
 in her hand she held a glowing white stone like the one will had held at the dark house . 
 its light blazed out between her fingers , illuminating the room . 
 `` miss gray , '' she said . 
 `` i am charlotte branwell , head of the london institute , and this beside me is brother enoch - '' `` what kind of monster is he ? '' 
 tessa whispered . 
 brother enoch said nothing . 
 he was entirely expressionless . 
 `` i know there are monsters on this earth , '' said tessa . 
 `` you can not tell me otherwise . 
 i have seen them . '' 
 `` i would not want to tell you otherwise , '' said mrs. branwell . 
 `` if the world were not full of monsters , there would be no need for shadowhunters . '' 
 shadowhunter . 
 what the dark sisters had called will herondale . 
 will . 
 `` i was-will was with me , '' said tessa , her voice shaking . 
 `` in the cellars . 
 will said - '' she broke off and cringed inwardly . 
 she should not have called will by his christian name ; it implied an intimacy between them that did not exist . 
 `` where is mr. herondale ? '' 
 `` he 's here , '' mrs. branwell said calmly . 
 `` in the institute . '' 
 `` did he bring me here as well ? '' 
 tessa whispered . 
 `` yes , but there is no need to look betrayed , miss gray . 
 you had struck your head quite hard , and will was concerned about you . 
 brother enoch , though his looks might frighten you , is a skilled practitioner of medicine . 
 he has determined that your head injury is slight , and in the main you are suffering from shock and nervous anxiety . 
 in fact , it might be for the best if you sat down now . 
 hovering barefoot by the door like that will only give you a chill , and do you little good . '' 
 `` you mean because i ca n't run , '' tessa said , licking her dry lips . 
 `` i ca n't get away . '' 
 `` if you demand to get away , as you put it , after we have talked , i will let you go , '' said mrs. branwell . 
 `` the nephilim do not trap downworlders under duress . 
 the accords forbid it . '' 
 `` the accords ? '' 
 mrs. branwell hesitated , then turned to brother enoch and said something to him in a low voice . 
 much to tessa 's relief , he drew up the hood of his parchment-colored robes , hiding his face . 
 a moment later he was moving toward tessa ; she stepped back hurriedly and he opened the door , pausing only for a moment on the threshold . 
 in that moment , he spoke to tessa . 
 or perhaps `` spoke '' was not the word for it : she heard his voice inside her head , rather than outside it . 
 you are eidolon , theresa gray . 
 shape-changer . 
 but not of a sort that is familiar to me . 
 there is no demon 's mark on you . 
 shape-changer . 
 he knew what she was . 
 she stared at him , her heart pounding , as he went through the door and closed it behind him . 
 tessa knew somehow that if she were to run to the door and try the handle she would once again find it locked , but the urge to escape had left her . 
 her knees felt as if they had turned to water . 
 she sank down in one of the large chairs by the bed . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 mrs. branwell asked , moving to sit in the chair opposite tessa 's . 
 her dress hung so loosely on her small frame , it was impossible to tell if she wore a corset beneath it , and the bones in her small wrists were like a child 's . 
 `` what did he say to you ? '' 
 tessa shook her head , gripping her hands together in her lap so that mrs. branwell could not see her fingers trembling . 
 mrs. branwell looked at her keenly . 
 `` first , '' she said , `` please call me charlotte , miss gray . 
 everyone in the institute does . 
 we shadowhunters are not so formal as most . '' 
 tessa nodded , feeling her cheeks flush . 
 it was hard to tell how old charlotte was ; she was so small that she looked quite young indeed , but her air of authority made her seem older , old enough that the idea of calling her by her christian name seemed very odd . 
 still , as aunt harriet would have said , when in rome ... `` charlotte , '' tessa said , experimentally . 
 with a smile , mrs. branwell-charlotte-leaned back slightly in her chair , and tessa saw with some surprise that she had dark tattoos . 
 a woman with tattoos ! 
 her marks were like the ones will bore : visible on her wrists below the tight cuffs of her dress , with one like an eye on the back of her left hand . 
 `` second , let me tell you what i already know about you , theresa gray . '' 
 she spoke in the same calm tone she 'd had before , but her eyes , though still kind , were sharp as pins . 
 `` you 're american . 
 you came here from new york city because you were following your brother , who had sent you a steamship ticket . 
 his name is nathaniel . '' 
 tessa sat frozen . 
 `` how do you know all this ? '' 
 `` i know that will found you in the dark sisters ' house , '' charlotte said . 
 `` i know that you claimed someone named the magister was coming for you . 
 i know that you have no idea who the magister is . 
 and i know that in a battle with the dark sisters , you were rendered unconscious and brought here . '' 
 charlotte 's words were like a key unlocking a door . 
 suddenly tessa remembered . 
 remembered running with will down the corridor ; remembered the metal doors and the room full of blood on the other side ; remembered mrs. black , her head severed ; remembered will flinging his knife - `` mrs. black , '' she whispered . 
 `` dead , '' said charlotte . 
 `` very . '' 
 she settled her shoulders against the back of the chair ; she was so slight that the chair rose up high above her , as if she were a child sitting in a parent 's chair . 
 `` and mrs. dark ? '' 
 `` gone . 
 we searched the whole house , and the nearby area , but found no trace of her . '' 
 `` the whole house ? '' 
 tessa 's voice shook , very slightly . 
 `` and there was no one in it ? 
 no one else alive , or ... or dead ? '' 
 `` we did not find your brother , miss gray , '' charlotte said . 
 her tone was gentle . 
 `` not in the house , nor in any of the surrounding buildings . '' 
 `` you-were looking for him ? '' 
 tessa was bewildered . 
 `` we did not find him , '' charlotte said again . 
 `` but we did find your letters . '' 
 `` my letters ? '' 
 `` the letters you wrote to your brother and never sent , '' said charlotte . 
 `` folded under your mattress . '' 
 `` you read them ? '' 
 `` we had to read them , '' said charlotte in the same gentle tone . 
 `` i apologize for that . 
 it is not often that we bring a downworlder into the institute , or anyone who is not a shadowhunter . 
 it represents a great risk to us . 
 we had to know that you were not a danger . '' 
 tessa turned her head to the side . 
 there was something horribly violating about this stranger having read her inmost thoughts , all the dreams and hopes and fears she 'd poured forth , not thinking anyone would ever see them . 
 the backs of her eyes stung ; tears were threatening , and she willed them back , furious with herself , with everything . 
 `` you 're trying not to cry , '' charlotte said . 
 `` i know that when i do that myself , it sometimes helps to look at a bright light directly . 
 try the witchlight . '' 
 tessa moved her gaze to the stone in charlotte 's hand and gazed at it fixedly . 
 the glow of it swelled up in front of her eyes like an expanding sun . 
 `` so , '' she said , fighting past the tightness in her throat , `` you have decided i am not a danger , then ? '' 
 `` perhaps only to yourself , '' said charlotte . 
 `` a power such as yours , the power of shape-shifting-it is no wonder the dark sisters wanted to get their hands on you . 
 others will as well . '' 
 `` like you do ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 `` or are you going to pretend that you 've let me into your precious institute simply out of charity ? '' 
 a look of hurt flashed across charlotte 's face . 
 it was brief , but it was real , and it did more to convince tessa that she might have been wrong about charlotte than anything the other woman could have said . 
 `` it is not charity , '' she said . 
 `` it is my vocation . 
 our vocation . '' 
 tessa simply looked at her blankly . 
 `` perhaps , '' charlotte said , `` it would be better if i explained to you what we are-and what we do . '' 
 `` nephilim , '' said tessa . 
 `` that 's what the dark sisters called mr. herondale . '' 
 she pointed at the dark markings on charlotte 's hand . 
 `` you 're one as well , are n't you ? 
 is that why you have those-those markings ? '' 
 charlotte nodded . 
 `` i am one of the nephilim-the shadowhunters . 
 we are ... a race , if you will , of people , people with special abilities . 
 we are stronger and swifter than most humans . 
 we are able to conceal ourselves with magics called glamours . 
 and we are especially skilled at killing demons . '' 
 `` demons . 
 you mean-like satan ? '' 
 `` demons are evil creatures . 
 they travel great distances to come to this world and feed upon it . 
 they would ravage it into ashes and destroy its inhabitants if we did not prevent it . '' 
 her voice was intent . 
 `` as it is the job of the human police to protect the citizenry of this city from one another , it is our job to protect them from demons and other supernatural dangers . 
 when there are crimes that affect the shadow world , when the law of our world is broken , we must investigate . 
 we are bound by the law , in fact , to make inquiries even into the rumor of covenant law being contravened . 
 will told you about the dead girl he found in the alley ; she was the only body , but there have been other disappearances , dark rumors of mundane boys and girls vanishing off the city 's poorer streets . 
 using magic to murder human beings is against the law , and therefore a matter for our jurisdiction . '' 
 `` mr. herondale seems awfully young to be a sort of policeman . '' 
 `` shadowhunters grow up quickly , and will did not investigate alone . '' 
 charlotte did n't sound as if she wished to elaborate . 
 `` that is not all we do . 
 we safeguard the covenant law and uphold the accords-the laws that govern peace among downworlders . '' 
 will had used that word as well . 
 `` downworld ? 
 is that a place ? '' 
 `` a downworlder is a being-a person-who is part supernatural in origin . 
 vampires , werewolves , faeries , warlocks-they are all downworlders . '' 
 tessa stared . 
 faeries were a children 's tale , and vampires the stuff of penny dreadfuls . 
 `` those creatures exist ? '' 
 `` you are a downworlder , '' charlotte said . 
 `` brother enoch confirmed it . 
 we simply do n't know of what sort . 
 you see , the kind of magic you can do-your ability-it is n't something an ordinary human being could do . 
 neither is it something one of us , a shadowhunter , could do . 
 will thought you were most likely a warlock , which is what i would have guessed myself , but all warlocks have some attribute that marks them as warlocks . 
 wings , or hooves , or webbed toes , or , as you saw in the case of mrs. black , taloned hands . 
 but you , you 're completely human in appearance . 
 and it is clear from your letters that you know , or believe , both of your parents to be human . '' 
 `` human ? '' 
 tessa stared . 
 `` why would n't they have been human ? '' 
 before charlotte could answer , the door opened , and a slender , dark-haired girl in a white cap and apron came in , carrying a tea tray , which she set down on the table between them . 
 `` sophie , '' charlotte said , sounding relieved to see the girl . 
 `` thank you . 
 this is miss gray . 
 she will be a guest of ours this evening . '' 
 sophie straightened , turned to tessa , and bobbed a curtsy . 
 `` miss , '' she said , but the novelty of being curtsied to was lost on tessa as sophie raised her head and her full face became visible . 
 she ought to have been very pretty-her eyes were a luminous dark hazel , her skin smooth , her lips soft and delicately shaped-but a thick , silvery ridged scar slashed from the left corner of her mouth to her temple , pulling her face sideways and distorting her features into a twisted mask . 
 tessa tried to hide the shock on her own face , but she could see as sophie 's eyes darkened that it had n't worked . 
 `` sophie , '' charlotte said , `` did you bring in that dark red dress earlier , as i asked ? 
 can you have it brushed and sponged for tessa ? '' 
 she turned back to tessa as the maid nodded and went to the wardrobe . 
 `` i took the liberty of having one of our jessamine 's old dresses made over for you . 
 the clothes you were wearing were ruined . '' 
 `` much obliged , '' tessa said stiffly . 
 she hated having to be grateful . 
 the sisters had pretended they were doing her favors , and look how that had turned out . 
 `` miss gray . '' 
 charlotte looked at her earnestly . 
 `` shadowhunters and downworlders are not enemies . 
 our accord may be an uneasy one , but it is my belief that downworlders are to be trusted-that , indeed , they hold the key to our eventual success against the demon realms . 
 is there something i can do to show you that we do not plan to take advantage of you ? '' 
 `` i ... '' tessa took a deep breath . 
 `` when the dark sisters first told me about my power , i thought they were mad , '' she said . 
 `` i told them such things did n't exist . 
 then i thought i was trapped in some sort of nightmare where they did . 
 but then mr. herondale came , and he knew of magic , and had that glowing stone , and i thought , here is someone who might help me . '' 
 she looked up at charlotte . 
 `` but you do not seem to know why i am the way i am , or even what i am . 
 and if even you do not ... '' `` it can be ... difficult to learn how the world truly is , to see it in its true shape and form , '' charlotte said . 
 `` most human beings never do . 
 most could not bear it . 
 but i have read your letters . 
 and i know that you are strong , miss gray . 
 you have withstood what might have killed another young girl , downworlder or not . '' 
 `` i did n't have a choice . 
 i did it for my brother . 
 they would have murdered him . '' 
 `` some people , '' charlotte said , `` would have let that happen . 
 but i know from reading your own words that you never even considered that . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` have you any idea where your brother is ? 
 do you think he is most likely dead ? '' 
 tessa sucked in a breath . 
 `` mrs. branwell ! '' 
 sophie , who had been attending to the hem of a wine-red dress with a brush , looked up and spoke with a reproachful tone that surprised tessa . 
 it was not the place of servants to correct their employers ; the books she 'd read had made that very clear . 
 but charlotte only looked rueful . 
 `` sophie is my good angel , '' she said . 
 `` i tend to be a little too blunt . 
 i thought there might be something you knew , something that was n't in your letters , that might give us knowledge of his whereabouts . '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` the dark sisters told me he was imprisoned in a safe location . 
 i assume he is still there . 
 but i have no idea how to find him . '' 
 `` then you should stay here at the institute until he can be located . '' 
 `` i do n't want your charity . '' 
 tessa said mulishly . 
 `` i can find another lodging place . '' 
 `` it would not be charity . 
 we are bound by our own laws to help and aid downworlders . 
 to send you away with nowhere to go would break the accords , which are important rules we must abide by . '' 
 `` and you would n't ask for anything in return ? '' 
 tessa 's voice was bitter . 
 `` you wo n't ask me to use my-my ability ? 
 you wo n't require me to change ? '' 
 `` if , '' charlotte said , `` you do not wish to use your power , then no , we will not force you to . 
 though i do believe you yourself might benefit from learning how it might be controlled and used - '' `` no ! '' 
 tessa 's cry was so loud that sophie jumped and dropped her brush . 
 charlotte glanced over at her and then back at tessa . 
 she said , `` as you wish , miss gray . 
 there are other ways you could assist us . 
 i 'm sure there is much that you know that was not contained in your letters . 
 and in return , we could help you to search for your brother . '' 
 tessa 's head went up . 
 `` you would do that ? '' 
 `` you have my word . '' 
 charlotte stood up . 
 neither of them had touched the tea on its tray . 
 `` sophie , if you could help miss gray dress , and then bring her in to dinner ? '' 
 `` dinner ? '' 
 after hearing such a deal about nephilim , and downworld , and faeries and vampires and demons , the prospect of dinner was almost shocking in its ordinariness . 
 `` certainly . 
 it 's nearly seven o'clock . 
 you 've already met will ; you can meet everyone else . 
 perhaps you 'll see that we 're to be trusted . '' 
 and with a brisk nod , charlotte left the room . 
 as the door closed after her , tessa shook her head mutely . 
 aunt harriet had been bossy , but she 'd had nothing on charlotte branwell . 
 `` she has a strict manner , but she 's really very kind , '' sophie said , laying out on the bed the dress tessa was meant to wear . 
 `` i 've never known anyone with a better heart . '' 
 tessa touched the sleeve of the dress with the tip of her finger . 
 it was dark red satin , as charlotte had said , with black moire ribbon trim around the waist and hem . 
 she had never worn anything so nice . 
 `` would you like me to help you get dressed for dinner , miss ? '' 
 sophie asked . 
 tessa remembered something aunt harriet had always said-that you could know a man not by what his friends said about him , but by how he treated his servants . 
 if sophie thought charlotte had a good heart , then perhaps she did . 
 she raised her head . 
 `` much obliged , sophie . 
 i believe i would . '' 
 tessa had never had anyone assist her in getting dressed before , other than her aunt . 
 though tessa was slender , the dress had clearly been made for a smaller girl , and sophie had to lace tessa 's stays tightly to make it fit . 
 she clucked under her breath while she did it . 
 `` mrs. branwell does n't believe in tight lacing , '' she explained . 
 `` she says it causes nervous headaches and weakness , and a shadowhunter ca n't afford to be weak . 
 but miss jessamine likes the waists of her dresses very small , and she does insist . '' 
 `` well , '' said tessa , a little breathless , `` i 'm not a shadowhunter , anyway . '' 
 `` there is that , '' sophie agreed , doing up the back of the dress with a clever little buttonhook . 
 `` there . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 tessa looked at herself in the mirror , and was taken aback . 
 the dress was too small on her , and had clearly been designed to be fitted closely to the body as it was . 
 it clung almost shockingly to her figure down to the hips , where it swelled into gathers in the back , draped over a modest bustle . 
 the sleeves were turned back , showing frills of champagne lace at the cuffs . 
 she looked-older , she thought , not the tragic scarecrow she had looked in the dark house , but not someone entirely familiar to herself either . 
 what if one of the times i changed , when i turned back into myself , i did n't do it quite right ? 
 what if this is n't even my true face ? 
 the thought sent such a bolt of panic through her that she felt as if she might faint . 
 `` you are a little pale , '' sophie said , examining tessa 's reflection with a judicious gaze . 
 she did n't appear particularly shocked by the dress 's tightness , at least . 
 `` you could try pinching your cheeks a bit to bring the color . 
 that 's what miss jessamine does . '' 
 `` it was awfully kind of her-miss jessamine , i mean-to lend me this dress . '' 
 sophie chuckled low in her throat . 
 `` miss jessamine 's never worn it . 
 mrs. branwell gave it to her as a gift , but miss jessamine said it made her look sallow and tossed it in the back of her wardrobe . 
 ungrateful , if you ask me . 
 now , go on then and pinch your cheeks a bit . 
 you 're pale as milk . '' 
 having done so , and having thanked sophie , tessa emerged from the bedroom into a long stone corridor . 
 charlotte was there , waiting for her . 
 she set off immediately , with tessa behind her , limping slightly-the black silk shoes , which did not quite fit , were not kind to her bruised feet . 
 being in the institute was a bit like being inside a castle-the ceiling disappearing up into gloom , the tapestries hanging on the walls . 
 or at least it was what tessa imagined the inside of a castle might look like . 
 the tapestries bore repeating motifs of stars , swords , and the same sort of designs she 'd seen inked on will and charlotte . 
 there was a single repeating image too , of an angel rising out of a lake , carrying a sword in one hand and a cup in the other . 
 `` this place used to be a church , '' charlotte said , answering tessa 's unasked question . 
 `` the church of all-hallows-the-less . 
 it burned down during the great fire of london . 
 we took over the land after that and built the institute on the ruins of the old church . 
 it 's useful for our purposes to remain on consecrated ground . '' 
 `` do n't people think it 's odd , you building on the site of an old church like this ? '' 
 tessa asked , hurrying to keep up . 
 `` they do n't know about it . 
 mundanes-that 's what we call ordinary people-aren ' t aware of what we do , '' charlotte explained . 
 `` to them , from the outside the place looks like an empty patch of land . 
 beyond that , mundanes are n't really very interested in what does n't affect them directly . '' 
 she turned to usher tessa through a door and into a large brightly lit dining room . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 tessa stood blinking in the sudden illumination . 
 the room was huge , big enough for a table that could have seated twenty people . 
 an immense gasolier hung down from the ceiling , filling the room with a yellowish glow . 
 over a sideboard loaded with expensive-looking china , a gilt-framed mirror ran the length of the room . 
 a low glass bowl of white flowers decorated the table 's center . 
 everything was tasteful , and very ordinary . 
 there was nothing unusual about the room , nothing that might hint at the nature of the house 's occupants . 
 though the entire long dining table was draped with white linen , only one end was set , with places for five people . 
 only two people were already sitting-will and a fair-haired girl about tessa 's age in a shimmering low-necked gown . 
 they appeared to be studiously ignoring each other ; will looked up in apparent relief when charlotte and tessa came in . 
 `` will , '' charlotte said . 
 `` you remember miss gray ? '' 
 `` my recollection of her , '' said will , `` is most vivid indeed . '' 
 he was no longer wearing the odd black clothes he 'd been wearing the day before , but an ordinary pair of trousers and a gray jacket with a black velvet collar . 
 the gray made his eyes look bluer than ever . 
 he grinned at tessa , who felt herself flush and looked quickly away . 
 `` and jessamine-jessie , do look up . 
 jessie , this is miss theresa gray ; miss gray , this is miss jessamine lovelace . '' 
 `` so pleased to make your acquaintance , '' jessamine murmured . 
 tessa could n't help staring at her . 
 she was almost ridiculously pretty , what one of tessa 's novels would have called an english rose-all silvery fair hair , soft brown eyes , and creamy complexion . 
 she wore a very bright blue dress , and rings on almost every one of her fingers . 
 if she had the same black skin markings that will and charlotte did , they were n't visible . 
 will cast jessamine a look of plain loathing , and turned to charlotte . 
 `` where 's your benighted husband , then ? '' 
 charlotte , taking a seat , gestured for tessa to sit opposite her , in the chair beside will . 
 `` henry is in his workroom . 
 i 've sent thomas to fetch him . 
 he 'll be up in a moment . '' 
 `` and jem ? '' 
 charlotte 's look was warning , but `` jem is unwell '' was all she said . 
 `` he 's having one of his days . '' 
 `` he 's always having one of his days . '' 
 jessamine sounded disgusted . 
 tessa was about to inquire as to who jem might be , when sophie entered , followed by a plump woman of middle age whose gray hair was escaping from a bun at the back of her head . 
 the two of them began to serve food from the sideboard . 
 there was roast pork , potatoes , savory soup , and fluffy dinner rolls with creamy yellow butter . 
 tessa felt suddenly light-headed ; she had forgotten how hungry she was . 
 she bit into a roll , only to check herself when she saw jessamine staring . 
 `` you know , '' jessamine said airily , `` i do n't believe i 've ever seen a warlock eat before . 
 i suppose you need n't ever bant , do you ? 
 you can just use magic to make yourself slender . '' 
 `` we do n't know for certain that she 's a warlock , jessie , '' said will . 
 jessamine ignored him . 
 `` is it dreadful , being so evil ? 
 are you worried you 'll go to hell ? '' 
 she leaned closer to tessa . 
 `` what do you think the devil 's like ? '' 
 tessa set her fork down . 
 `` would you like to meet him ? 
 i could summon him up in a trice if you like . 
 being a warlock , and all . '' 
 will let out a whoop of laughter . 
 jessamine 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` there 's no call to be rude , '' she began-then broke off as charlotte sat bolt upright with an astonished shriek . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 a man was standing in the dining room 's arched doorway-a familiar-looking tall man , with a shock of ginger hair and hazel eyes . 
 he wore a torn tweed norfolk jacket over a shockingly bright striped waistcoat ; his trousers were covered in what looked peculiarly like coal dust . 
 but none of that was what had made charlotte scream ; it was the fact that his left arm appeared to be on fire . 
 little flames licked up his arm from a point above his elbow , releasing tendrils of black smoke . 
 `` charlotte , darling , '' henry said to his wife , who was staring at him in gape-mouthed horror . 
 jessamine , beside her , was wide eyed . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . 
 you know , i think i might nearly have the sensor working - '' will interrupted . 
 `` henry , '' he said , `` you 're on fire . 
 you do know that , do n't you ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , '' henry said eagerly . 
 the flames were now nearly to his shoulder . 
 `` i 've been working like a man possessed all day . 
 charlotte , did you hear what i said about the sensor ? '' 
 charlotte dropped her hand from her mouth . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 `` your arm ! '' 
 henry glanced down at his arm , and his mouth dropped open . 
 `` bloody hell '' was all he had time to say before will , exhibiting a startling presence of mind , stood up , seized the vase of flowers off the table , and hurled the contents over henry . 
 the flames went out , with a faint protesting sizzle , leaving henry standing soaking wet in the doorway , one sleeve of his jacket blackened and a dozen damp white flowers strewn at his feet . 
 henry beamed and patted the burned sleeve of his jacket with a look of satisfaction . 
 `` you know what this means ? '' 
 will set the vase down . 
 `` that you set yourself on fire and did n't even notice ? '' 
 `` that the flame-retardant mixture i developed last week works ! '' 
 henry said proudly . 
 `` this material must have been burning for a good ten minutes , and it is n't even half burned through ! '' 
 he squinted down at his arm . 
 `` perhaps i ought to set the other sleeve on fire and see how long - '' `` henry , '' said charlotte , who appeared to have recovered from her shock , `` if you set yourself on fire deliberately , i will institute divorce proceedings . 
 now sit down and eat your supper . 
 and say hello to our guest . '' 
 henry sat , glanced across the table at tessa-and blinked in surprise . 
 `` i know you , '' he said . 
 `` you bit me ! '' 
 he sounded pleased about it , as if recollecting a pleasant memory they 'd both shared . 
 charlotte shot a despairing look at her husband . 
 `` have you asked miss gray about the pandemonium club yet ? '' 
 will asked . 
 the pandemonium club . 
 `` i know the words . 
 they were written on the side of mrs. dark 's carriage , '' tessa said . 
 `` it 's an organization , '' charlotte said . 
 `` a rather old organization of mundanes who have interested themselves in the magical arts . 
 at their meetings they do spells and try to summon up demons and spirits . '' 
 she sighed . 
 jessamine snorted . 
 `` i ca n't imagine why they bother , '' she said . 
 `` messing about with spells and wearing hooded robes and setting little fires . 
 it 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` oh , they do more than that , '' said will . 
 `` they 're more powerful in downworld than you might think . 
 many rich and important figures in mundane society are members - '' `` that only makes it sillier . '' 
 jessamine tossed her hair . 
 `` they have money and power . 
 why are they playing around with magic ? '' 
 `` a good question , '' said charlotte . 
 `` mundanes who involve themselves in things they know nothing about are likely to meet unpleasant ends . '' 
 will shrugged . 
 `` when i was trying to track down the source of the symbol on that knife jem and i found in the alley , i was directed to the pandemonium club . 
 the members of it in turn directed me to the dark sisters . 
 it 's their symbol-the two serpents . 
 they supervised a set of secret gambling dens frequented by downworlders . 
 they existed to lure mundanes in and trick them into losing all their money in magical games , then , when the mundanes fell into debt , the dark sisters would extort the money back at ruinous rates . '' 
 will looked over at charlotte . 
 `` they ran some other businesses as well , most unsavory ones . 
 the house in which they kept tessa , i had been told , was a downworlder brothel catering to mundanes with unusual tastes . '' 
 `` will , i 'm not at all sure - , '' charlotte began dubiously . 
 `` hmph , '' jessamine said . 
 `` no wonder you were so keen to go there , william . '' 
 if she had hoped to annoy will , it did n't work ; she might as well not have spoken , for all the attention he paid her . 
 he was looking at tessa across the table , his eyebrows arched slightly . 
 `` have i offended you , miss gray ? 
 i imagined that after all you 've seen , you would not be easily shocked . '' 
 `` i am not offended , mr. herondale . '' 
 despite her words , tessa felt her cheeks flame . 
 well-brought-up young ladies did n't know what a brothel was , and certainly would n't say the word in mixed company . 
 murder was one thing , but this ... `` i , ah , do n't see how it could have been a ... place like that , '' she said as firmly as she could . 
 `` no one ever came or went , and other than the maidservant and the coachman , i never saw anyone else who lived there . '' 
 `` no , by the time i got there , it was quite deserted , '' will agreed . 
 `` clearly they had decided to suspend business , perhaps in the interests of keeping you isolated . '' 
 he glanced over at charlotte . 
 `` do you think miss gray 's brother has the same ability she does ? 
 is that , perhaps , why the dark sisters captured him in the first place ? '' 
 tessa interjected , glad for the change of subject . 
 `` my brother never showed any sign of such a thing-but , then , neither did i until the dark sisters found me . '' 
 `` what is your ability ? '' 
 jessamine demanded . 
 `` charlotte wo n't say . '' 
 `` jessamine ! '' 
 charlotte scowled at her . 
 `` i do n't believe she has one , '' jessamine went on . 
 `` i think she 's simply a little sneak who knows that if we believe she 's a downworlder , we 'll have to treat her well because of the accords . '' 
 tessa set her jaw . 
 she thought of her aunt harriet saying do n't lose your temper , tessa , and do n't fight with your brother simply because he teases you . 
 but she did n't care . 
 they were all looking at her-henry with curious hazel eyes , charlotte with a gaze as sharp as glass , jessamine with thinly veiled contempt , and will with cool amusement . 
 what if they all thought what jessamine thought ? 
 what if they all thought she was angling for charity ? 
 aunt harriet would have hated accepting charity even more than she 'd disapproved of tessa 's temper . 
 it was will who spoke next , leaning forward to look intently into her face . 
 `` you can keep it a secret , '' he said softly . 
 `` but secrets have their own weight , and it can be a very heavy one . '' 
 tessa raised her head . 
 `` it need n't be a secret . 
 but it would be easier for me to show you than to tell you . '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 henry looked pleased . 
 `` i enjoy being shown things . 
 is there anything you require , like a spirit lamp , or - '' `` it 's not a seance , henry , '' charlotte said wearily . 
 she turned to tessa . 
 `` you do n't need to do this if you do n't want to , miss gray . '' 
 tessa ignored her . 
 `` actually , i do require something . '' 
 she turned to jessamine . 
 `` something of yours , please . 
 a ring , or a handkerchief - '' jessamine wrinkled her nose . 
 `` dear me , it sounds to me rather as if your special power is pickpocketing ! '' 
 will looked exasperated . 
 `` give her a ring , jessie . 
 you 're wearing enough of them . '' 
 `` you give her something , then . '' 
 jessamine set her chin . 
 `` no . '' 
 tessa spoke firmly . 
 `` it must be something of yours . '' 
 because of everyone here , you 're the closest to me in size and shape . 
 if i transform into tiny charlotte , this dress will simply fall off me , tessa thought . 
 she had considered trying to use the dress itself , but since jessamine had never worn it , tessa was n't sure the change would work and did n't want to take any chances . 
 `` oh , very well then . '' 
 petulantly jessamine detached from her smallest finger a ring with a red stone set in it , and passed it across the table to tessa . 
 `` this had better be worth the trouble . '' 
 oh , it will be . 
 unsmiling , tessa put the ring in the palm of her left hand and closed her fingers around it . 
 then she shut her eyes . 
 it was always the same : nothing at first , then the flicker of something at the back of her mind , like someone lighting a candle in a dark room . 
 she groped her way toward it , as the dark sisters had taught her . 
 it was hard to strip away the fear and the shyness , but she had done it enough times now to know what to expect-the reaching forward to touch the light at the center of the darkness ; the sense of light and enveloping warmth , as if she were drawing a blanket , something thick and heavy , around herself , covering every layer of her own skin ; and then the light blazing up and surrounding her-and she was inside it . 
 inside someone else 's skin . 
 inside their mind . 
 jessamine 's mind . 
 she was only at the edge of it , her thoughts skimming the surface of jessamine 's like fingers skimming the surface of water . 
 still , it took her breath away . 
 tessa had a sudden , flashing image of a bright piece of candy with something dark at its center , like a worm at the core of an apple . 
 she felt resentment , bitter hatred , anger-a terrible fierce longing for something - her eyes flew open . 
 she was still sitting at the table , jessamine 's ring clutched in her hand . 
 her skin zinged with the sharp pins and needles that always accompanied her transformations . 
 she could feel the oddness that was the different weight of another body , not her own ; could feel the brush of jessamine 's light hair against her shoulders . 
 too thick to be held back by the pins that had clasped tessa 's hair , it had come down around her neck in a pale cascade . 
 `` by the angel , '' breathed charlotte . 
 tessa looked around the table . 
 they were all staring at her-charlotte and henry with their mouths open ; will speechless for once , a glass of water frozen halfway to his lips . 
 and jessamine-jessamine was gazing at her in abject horror , like someone who has seen a vision of their own ghost . 
 for a moment tessa felt a stab of guilt . 
 it lasted only a moment , though . 
 slowly jessamine lowered her hand from her mouth , her face still very pale . 
 `` goodness , my nose is enormous , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` why did n't anyone tell me ? '' 
 4 we are shadows pulvis et umbra sumus . 
 - horace , odes the moment tessa transformed back to her own shape , she had to suffer a barrage of questions . 
 for people who lived in a shadow world of magic , the assembled nephilim seemed surprisingly awed by her ability , which only served to underline what tessa had already begun to suspect-that her shape-changing talent was exceedingly unusual . 
 even charlotte , who had known about it before tessa 's demonstration , seemed fascinated . 
 `` so you must be holding something that belongs to the person you 're transforming into ? '' 
 charlotte asked for the second time . 
 sophie and the older woman , who tessa suspected was the cook , had already taken away the dinner plates and had served fancy cake and tea , but none of the diners had touched it yet . 
 `` you ca n't simply look at someone and - '' `` i explained that already . '' 
 tessa 's head was beginning to hurt . 
 `` i must be holding something that belongs to them , or a bit of hair or an eyelash . 
 something that 's theirs . 
 otherwise nothing happens . '' 
 `` do you think a vial of blood would do the trick ? '' 
 will asked , in a tone of academic interest . 
 `` probably-i do n't know . 
 i 've never tried it . '' 
 tessa took a sip of her tea , which had grown cold . 
 `` and you 're saying that the dark sisters knew this was your talent ? 
 they knew you had this ability before you did ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's why they wanted me in the first place . '' 
 henry shook his head . 
 `` but how did they know ? 
 i do n't quite understand that part . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' tessa said , not for the first time . 
 `` they never explained it to me . 
 all i know is what i told you-that they seemed to know exactly what it was i could do , and how to train me to do it . 
 they spent hours with me , every day ... '' tessa swallowed against the bitterness in her mouth . 
 memories of how it had been rose up in her mind-the hours and hours in the cellar room at the dark house , the way they had screamed at her that nate would die if she could n't change as they wanted her to , the agony when she finally learned to do it . 
 `` it hurt , at first , '' she whispered . 
 `` as if my bones were snapping , melting inside my body . 
 they would force me to change two , three , then a dozen times a day , until i would finally lose consciousness . 
 and then , the next day , they 'd start at it again . 
 i was locked in that room , so i could n't try to leave ... . '' 
 she took a ragged breath . 
 `` that last day , they tested me by asking me to change into a girl who had died . 
 she had memories of being attacked with a dagger , being stabbed . 
 of some thing chasing her into an alley - '' `` perhaps it was the girl jem and i found . '' 
 will sat up straight , his eyes shining . 
 `` jem and i guessed she must have escaped from an attack and run out into the night . 
 i believe they sent the shax demon after her to bring her back , but i killed it . 
 they must have wondered what happened . '' 
 `` the girl i changed into was named emma bayliss , '' tessa said , in a half whisper . 
 `` she had very fair hair-tied in little pink bows-and she was only a little thing . '' 
 will nodded as if the description were familiar to him . 
 `` then they did wonder what had happened to her . 
 that 's why they had me change into her . 
 when i told them she was dead , they seemed relieved . '' 
 `` the poor soul , '' charlotte murmured . 
 `` so you can change into the dead ? 
 not only the living ? '' 
 tessa nodded . 
 `` their voices speak in my mind when i change too . 
 the difference is that many of them can remember the moment they died . '' 
 `` ugh . '' 
 jessamine shuddered . 
 `` how morbid . '' 
 tessa looked over at will . 
 mr. herondale , she chided herself silently , but it was hard to think of him that way . 
 she felt somehow as if she knew him better than she really did . 
 but that was foolishness . 
 `` you found me because you were looking for the murderer of emma bayliss , '' she said . 
 `` but she was only one dead human girl . 
 one dead-what do you call it ? 
 - mundane . 
 why so much time and effort to find out what happened to her ? '' 
 for a moment will 's eyes met hers , his own a very dark blue . 
 then his expression changed-only a slight change , but she saw it , though she could not have said what the change meant . 
 `` oh , i would n't have bothered , but charlotte insisted . 
 she felt there was something larger at work . 
 and once jem and i infiltrated the pandemonium club , and heard rumors of the other murders , we realized there was more going on than the death of one girl . 
 whether or not we like mundanes particularly , we ca n't allow them to be systematically slaughtered . 
 it 's the reason we exist . '' 
 charlotte leaned forward across the table . 
 `` the dark sisters never mentioned what use they intended to make of your abilities , did they ? '' 
 `` you know about the magister , '' tessa said . 
 `` they said they were preparing me for him . '' 
 `` for him to do what ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` eat you for dinner ? '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` to-to marry me , they said . '' 
 `` to marry you ? '' 
 jessamine was openly scornful . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 they were probably going to blood sacrifice you and did n't want you to panic . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that , '' will said . 
 `` i looked in several rooms before i found tessa . 
 i remember one that was done up surprisingly like a wedding chamber . 
 white hangings on an enormous bed . 
 a white dress hanging in the wardrobe . 
 it looked about your size . '' 
 he eyed tessa thoughtfully . 
 `` ceremonial marriage can be a very powerful thing , '' charlotte said . 
 `` performed properly , it could allow someone access to your ability , tessa , even the power to control you . '' 
 she drummed her fingertips thoughtfully on the tabletop . 
 `` as for ` the magister , ' i 've researched the term in the archives . 
 it is often used to denote the head of a coven or other group of magicians . 
 the sort of group the pandemonium club imagines itself to be . 
 i ca n't help but feel that the magister and the pandemonium club are connected . '' 
 `` we 've investigated them before and never managed to catch them doing anything dodgy , '' henry pointed out . 
 `` it is n't against the law to be an idiot . '' 
 `` lucky for you , '' jessamine said under her breath . 
 henry looked hurt , but said nothing . 
 charlotte cast jessamine a freezing look . 
 `` henry is right , '' said will . 
 `` it is n't as if jem and i did n't catch them doing the odd illegal thing-drinking absinthe laced with demon powders , and so forth . 
 as long as they were only hurting themselves , it hardly seemed worth involving ourselves . 
 but if they 've graduated to harming others ... '' `` do you know who any of them are ? '' 
 henry asked curiously . 
 `` the mundanes , no , '' will said dismissively . 
 `` there never seemed a reason to find out , and many of them went masked or disguised at club events . 
 but i recognized quite a few of the downworlders . 
 magnus bane , lady belcourt , ragnor fell , de quincey - '' `` de quincey ? 
 i hope he was n't breaking any laws . 
 you know how much trouble we 've had finding a head vampire we can see eye to eye with , '' fretted charlotte . 
 will smiled into his tea . 
 `` whenever i saw him , he was being a perfect angel . '' 
 after a hard look at him , charlotte turned to tessa . 
 `` did the servant girl you mentioned-miranda-have your ability ? 
 or what about emma ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 if miranda did , they would have been training her as well , would n't they , and emma did n't remember anything like that . '' 
 `` and they never mentioned the pandemonium club ? 
 some larger purpose to what they were doing ? '' 
 tessa racked her brain . 
 what was it the dark sisters had talked about when they 'd thought she was n't listening ? 
 `` i do n't think they ever said the name of the club , but they would talk sometimes about meetings they were planning on attending , and how the other members would be pleased to see how they were getting on with me . 
 they did say a name once ... . '' 
 tessa screwed her face up , trying to remember . 
 `` someone else who was in the club . 
 i do n't remember , though i recall thinking the name sounded foreign ... . '' 
 charlotte leaned forward across the table . 
 `` can you try , tessa ? 
 try to remember ? '' 
 charlotte meant no harm , tessa knew , and yet her voice called up other voices in tessa 's head-voices urging her to try , to reach into herself , to draw out the power . 
 voices that could turn hard and cold at the slightest provocation . 
 voices that wheedled and threatened and lied . 
 tessa drew herself upright . 
 `` first , what about my brother ? '' 
 charlotte blinked . 
 `` your brother ? '' 
 `` you said that if i gave you information about the dark sisters , you 'd help me find my brother . 
 well , i told you what i knew . 
 and i still do n't have any idea where nate is . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 charlotte sat back , looking almost startled . 
 `` of course . 
 we 'll start investigating his whereabouts tomorrow , '' she reassured tessa . 
 `` we 'll start with his workplace-speak to his employer and find out if he knows anything . 
 we have contacts in all sorts of places , miss gray . 
 downworld runs on gossip like the mundane world does . 
 eventually we 'll turn up someone who knows something about your brother . '' 
 the meal ended not long after that , and tessa excused herself from the table with a feeling of relief , declining charlotte 's offer to guide her back to her room . 
 all she wanted was to be alone with her thoughts . 
 she made her way down the torchlit corridor , remembering the day she had stepped off the boat at southampton . 
 she had come to england knowing no one but her brother , and had let the dark sisters force her into serving them . 
 now she had fallen in with the shadowhunters , and who was to say they would treat her any better ? 
 like the dark sisters , they wanted to use her-use her for the information she knew-and now that they were all aware of her power , how long would it be before they wanted to use her for that , too ? 
 still lost in thought , tessa nearly walked directly into a wall . 
 she brought herself up short-and looked around , frowning . 
 she had been walking for much longer than it had taken her and charlotte to reach the dining room , and still she had n't found the room she remembered . 
 in fact , she was n't even sure she had found the corridor she remembered . 
 she was in a hallway now , lined with torches and hung with tapestries , but was it the same one ? 
 some of the corridors were very bright , some very dim , the torches burning with varying shades of brightness . 
 sometimes the torches flared up and then faded as she passed , as if responding to some peculiar stimulus she could n't see . 
 this particular corridor was fairly dim . 
 she picked her way to the end of it carefully , where it branched into two more , each identical to this one . 
 `` lost ? '' 
 inquired a voice behind her . 
 a slow , arrogant voice , immediately familiar . 
 will . 
 tessa turned and saw that he was leaning carelessly against the wall behind her , as if he were lounging in a doorway , his feet in their scuffed boots crossed in front of him . 
 he held something in his hand : his glowing stone . 
 he pocketed it as she looked at him , dousing its light . 
 `` you ought to let me show you around the institute a bit , miss gray , '' he suggested . 
 `` you know , so you do n't get lost again . '' 
 tessa narrowed her eyes at him . 
 `` of course , you can simply continue wandering about on your own if you really wish to , '' he added . 
 `` i ought to warn you , though , that there are at least three or four doors in the institute that you really should n't open . 
 there 's the one that leads to the room where we keep trapped demons , for instance . 
 they can get a bit nasty . 
 then there is the weapons room . 
 some of the weapons have a mind of their own , and they are sharp . 
 then there are the rooms that open onto empty air . 
 they 're meant to confuse intruders , but when you 're as high as the top of a church , you do n't want to accidentally slip and - '' `` i do n't believe you , '' tessa said . 
 `` you 're an awful liar , mr. herondale . 
 still - '' she bit her lip . 
 `` i do n't like wandering about . 
 you can show me around if you promise no tricks . '' 
 will promised . 
 and , to tessa 's surprise , he was true to his word . 
 he guided her down a succession of identical-looking corridors , talking as they walked . 
 he told her how many rooms the institute had -lrb- more than you could count -rrb- , told her how many shadowhunters could live in it at once -lrb- hundreds -rrb- , and displayed for her the vast ballroom in which was held an annual christmas party for the enclave-which , will explained , was their term for the group of shadowhunters who lived in london . 
 -lrb- in new york , he added , the term was `` conclave . '' 
 american shadowhunters , it seemed , had their own lexicon . -rrb- 
 after the ballroom came the kitchen , where the middle-aged woman tessa had seen in the dining room was introduced as agatha , the cook . 
 she sat sewing in front of a massive kitchen range and was , to tessa 's intense mystification , also smoking an enormous pipe . 
 she smiled indulgently around it as will took several chocolate tarts from the plate where they had been left to cool on the table . 
 will offered one to tessa . 
 she shuddered . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i hate chocolate . '' 
 will looked horrified . 
 `` what kind of monster could possibly hate chocolate ? '' 
 `` he eats everything , '' agatha told tessa with a placid smile . 
 `` since he was twelve , he has . 
 i suppose it 's all the training that keeps him from getting fat . '' 
 tessa , amused at the idea of a fat will , complimented the pipe-puffing agatha on her mastery of the enormous kitchen . 
 it looked like a place you could cook for hundreds , with row upon row of jarred preserves and soups , spice tins , and a huge haunch of beef roasting on a hook over the open fireplace . 
 `` well done , '' will said after they 'd left the kitchen . 
 `` complimenting agatha like that . 
 now she 'll like you . 
 it 's no good if agatha does n't like you . 
 she 'll put stones in your porridge . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' tessa said , but she could n't hide the fact that she was entertained . 
 they went from the kitchen to the music room , where there were harps and a great old piano , gathering dust . 
 down a set of stairs was the drawing room , a pleasant place where the walls , instead of being bare stone , were papered with a bright print of leaves and lilies . 
 a fire was going in a large grate , and several comfortable armchairs were pulled up near it . 
 there was a great wooden desk in the room too , which will explained was the place where charlotte did much of the work of running the institute . 
 tessa could n't help wondering what it was that henry branwell did , and where he did it . 
 after that there was the weapons room , finer than anything tessa imagined you might see in a museum . 
 hundreds of maces , axes , daggers , swords , knives , and even a few pistols hung on the walls , as well as a collection of different kinds of armor , from greaves worn to protect the shins to full suits of chain mail . 
 a solid-looking young man with dark brown hair sat at a high table , polishing a set of short daggers . 
 he grinned when they came in . 
 `` evenin ' , master will . '' 
 `` good evening , thomas . 
 you know miss gray . '' 
 he indicated tessa . 
 `` you were at the dark house ! '' 
 tessa exclaimed , looking more closely at thomas . 
 `` you came in with mr. branwell . 
 i thought - '' `` that i was a shadowhunter ? '' 
 thomas grinned . 
 he had a sweet , pleasant , open sort of face , and a lot of curling hair . 
 his shirt was open at the neck , showing a strong throat . 
 despite his obvious youth , he was extremely tall and muscular , the width of his arms straining against his sleeves . 
 `` i 'm not , miss-only trained like one . '' 
 will leaned back against the wall . 
 `` did that order of misericord blades come in , thomas ? 
 i 've been running into a certain amount of shax demons lately , and i need something narrow that can pierce armored carapaces . '' 
 thomas started to say something to will about shipping being delayed due to weather in idris , but tessa 's attention had been distracted by something else . 
 it was a tall box of golden wood , polished to a high shine , with a pattern burned into the front-a snake , swallowing its own tail . 
 `` is n't that the dark sisters ' symbol ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` what 's it doing here ? '' 
 `` not quite , '' said will . 
 `` the box is a pyxis . 
 demons do n't have souls ; their consciousness comes from a sort of energy , which can sometimes be trapped and stored . 
 the pyxis contains them safely-oh , and the design is an ouroboros-the ` tail devourer . ' 
 it 's an ancient alchemical symbol meant to represent the different dimensions-our world , inside the serpent , and the rest of existence , outside . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the sisters ' symbol is the first time i 've seen anyone draw an ouroboros with two snakes - oh , no you do n't , '' he added as tessa reached for the box . 
 he deftly stepped in front of her . 
 `` the pyxis ca n't be touched by anyone who is n't a shadowhunter . 
 nasty things will happen . 
 now let 's go . 
 we 've taken up enough of thomas 's time . '' 
 `` i do n't mind , '' thomas protested , but will was already on his way out . 
 tessa glanced back at thomas from the doorway . 
 he 'd gone back to polishing the weaponry , but there was something about the set of his shoulders that made tessa think he seemed a little bit lonely . 
 `` i did n't realize you let mundanes fight with you , '' she said to will after they 'd left the weapons room behind . 
 `` is thomas a servant , or - '' `` thomas has been with the institute for almost his entire life , '' will said , guiding tessa around a sharp turn in the corridor . 
 `` there are families who have the sight in their veins , families who have always served shadowhunters . 
 thomas 's parents served charlotte 's parents in the institute , and now thomas serves charlotte and henry . 
 and his children will serve theirs . 
 thomas does everything-drives , cares for balios and xanthos-those are our horses-and helps with the weapons . 
 sophie and agatha manage the rest , though thomas assists them on occasion . 
 i suspect he 's sweet on sophie and does n't like to see her work too hard . '' 
 tessa was glad to hear it . 
 she 'd felt awful about her reaction to sophie 's scar , and the thought that sophie had a male admirer-and a handsome one at that-eased her conscience slightly . 
 `` perhaps he 's in love with agatha , '' she said . 
 `` i hope not . 
 i intend to marry agatha myself . 
 she may be a thousand years old , but she makes an incomparable jam tart . 
 beauty fades , but cooking is eternal . '' 
 he paused in front of a door-big and oak , with thick brass hinges . 
 `` here we are , now , '' he said , and the door swung open at his touch . 
 the room they entered was bigger even than the ballroom she had seen before . 
 it was longer than it was wide , with rectangular oak tables set down the middle of it , vanishing up to the far wall , which was painted with an image of an angel . 
 each table was illuminated by a glass lamp that flickered white . 
 halfway up the walls was an interior gallery with a wooden railing running around it that could be reached by means of spiral staircases on either side of the room . 
 rows upon rows of bookshelves stood at intervals , like sentries forming alcoves on either side of the room . 
 there were more bookshelves upstairs as well ; the books inside were hidden behind screens of fretted metal , each screen stamped with a pattern of four cs . 
 huge , outward-curving stained-glass windows , lined with worn stone benches , were set at intervals between the shelves . 
 a vast tome had been left out on a stand , its pages open and inviting ; tessa moved toward it , thinking it must be a dictionary , only to find that its pages were scrawled with illegible , illuminated script and etched with unfamiliar-looking maps . 
 `` this is the great library , '' said will . 
 `` every institute has a library , but this one is the largest of them all-the largest in the west , at any rate . '' 
 he leaned against the door , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` i said i would get you more books , did n't i ? '' 
 tessa was so startled that he remembered what he had said , that it took her several seconds to respond . 
 `` but the books are all behind bars ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` like a literary sort of prison ! '' 
 will grinned . 
 `` some of these books are dangerous , '' he said . 
 `` it 's wise to be careful . '' 
 `` one must always be careful of books , '' said tessa , `` and what is inside them , for words have the power to change us . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure a book has ever changed me , '' said will . 
 `` well , there is one volume that promises to teach one how to turn oneself into an entire flock of sheep - '' `` only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry , '' said tessa , determined not to let him run wildly off with the conversation . 
 `` of course , why one would want to be an entire flock of sheep is another matter entirely , '' will finished . 
 `` is there something you want to read here , miss gray , or is there not ? 
 name it , and i shall attempt to free it from its prison for you . '' 
 `` do you think the library has the wide , wide world ? 
 or little women ? '' 
 `` never heard of either of them , '' said will . 
 `` we have n't many novels . '' 
 `` well , i want novels , '' said tessa . 
 `` or poetry . 
 books are for reading , not for turning oneself into livestock . '' 
 will 's eyes glittered . 
 `` i think we may have a copy of alice 's adventures in wonderland about somewhere . '' 
 tessa wrinkled her nose . 
 `` oh , that 's for little children , is n't it ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i never liked it much-seemed like so much nonsense . '' 
 will 's eyes were very blue . 
 `` there 's plenty of sense in nonsense sometimes , if you wish to look for it . '' 
 but tessa had already spied a familiar volume on a shelf and went over to greet it like an old friend . 
 `` oliver twist ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` have you any other of mr. dickens 's novels ? '' 
 she clasped her hands together . 
 `` oh ! 
 do you have a tale of two cities ? '' 
 `` that silly thing ? 
 men going around getting their heads chopped off for love ? 
 ridiculous . '' 
 will unpeeled himself from the door and made his way toward tessa where she stood by the bookshelves . 
 he gestured expansively at the vast number of volumes all around him . 
 `` no , here you 'll find all sorts of advice about how to chop off someone 's else 's head if you need to ; much more useful . '' 
 `` i do n't ! '' 
 tessa protested . 
 `` need to chop off anyone 's head , that is . 
 and what 's the point of a lot of books no one actually wants to read ? 
 have n't you really any other novels ? '' 
 `` not unless lady audley 's secret is that she slays demons in her spare time . '' 
 will bounded up onto one of the ladders and yanked a book off the shelf . 
 `` i 'll find you something else to read . 
 catch . '' 
 he let it fall without looking , and tessa had to dart forward to seize it before it hit the floor . 
 it was a large squarish volume bound in dark blue velvet . 
 there was a pattern cut into the velvet , a swirling symbol reminiscent of the marks that decorated will 's skin . 
 the title was stamped on the front in silver : the shadowhunter 's codex . 
 tessa glanced up at will . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` i assumed you 'd have questions about shadowhunters , given that you 're currently inhabiting our sanctum sanctorum , so to speak . 
 that book ought to tell you anything you want to know-about us , about our history , even about downworlders like you . '' 
 will 's face turned grave . 
 `` be careful with it , though . 
 it 's six hundred years old and the only copy of its kind . 
 losing or damaging it is punishable by death under the law . '' 
 tessa thrust the book away from her as if it were on fire . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 will leaped down from the ladder and landed lightly in front of her . 
 `` you do believe everything i say , though , do n't you ? 
 do i seem unusually trustworthy to you , or are you just a naive sort ? '' 
 instead of replying , tessa scowled at him and stalked across the room toward one of the stone benches inside a window alcove . 
 throwing herself down onto the seat , she opened the codex and began to read , studiously ignoring will even as he moved to sit beside her . 
 she could feel the weight of his gaze on her as she read . 
 the first page of the nephilim book showed the same image she 'd grown used to seeing on the tapestries in the corridors : the angel rising out of the lake , holding a sword in one hand and a cup in the other . 
 underneath the illustration was a note : the angel raziel and the mortal instruments . 
 `` that 's how it all began , '' will said cheerfully , as if oblivious to the fact that she was ignoring him . 
 `` a summoning spell here , a bit of angel blood there , and you 've a recipe for indestructible human warriors . 
 you 'll never understand us from reading a book , mind you , but it 's a start . '' 
 `` hardly human-more like avenging angels , '' tessa said softly , turning the pages . 
 there were dozens of pictures of angels-tumbling out of the sky , shedding feathers as a star might shed sparks as it fell . 
 there were more images of the angel raziel , holding open a book on whose pages runes burned like fire , and there were men kneeling around him , men on whose skin marks could be seen . 
 images of men like the one she 'd seen in her nightmare , with missing eyes and sewed-shut lips ; images of shadowhunters brandishing flaming swords , like warrior angels out of heaven . 
 she looked up at will . 
 `` you are , then , are n't you ? 
 part angel ? '' 
 will did n't answer . 
 he was looking out the window , through a clear lower pane . 
 tessa followed his gaze ; the window gave out onto what had to be the front of the institute , for there was a rounded courtyard below them , surrounded by walls . 
 through the bars of a high iron gate surmounted by a curved arch , she could glimpse a bit of the street beyond , lit by dim yellow gaslight . 
 there were iron letters worked into the wrought arch atop the gate ; when looked at from this direction , they were backward , and tessa squinted to decipher them . 
 `` pulvis et umbra sumus . 
 it 's a line from horace . 
 ` we are dust and shadows . ' 
 appropriate , do n't you think ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` it 's not a long life , killing demons ; one tends to die young , and then they burn your body-dust to dust , in the literal sense . 
 and then we vanish into the shadows of history , nary a mark on the page of a mundane book to remind the world that once we existed at all . '' 
 tessa looked at him . 
 he was wearing that look she found so odd and compelling-that amusement that did n't seem to pass beyond the surface of his features , as if he found everything in the world both infinitely funny and infinitely tragic all at the same time . 
 she wondered what had made him this way , how he had come to find darkness amusing , for it was a quality he did n't appear to share with any of the other shadowhunters she had met , however briefly . 
 perhaps it was something he had learned from his parents-but what parents ? 
 `` do n't you ever worry ? '' 
 she said softly . 
 `` that what 's out there-might come in here ? '' 
 `` demons and other unpleasantness , you mean ? '' 
 will asked , though tessa was n't sure if that was what she had meant , or if she had been speaking of the evils of the world in general . 
 he placed a hand against the wall . 
 `` the mortar that made these stones was mixed with the blood of shadowhunters . 
 every beam is carved of rowan wood . 
 every nail used to hammer the beams together is made of silver , iron , or electrum . 
 the place is built on hallowed ground surrounded by wards . 
 the front door can be opened only by one possessing shadowhunter blood ; otherwise it remains locked forever . 
 this place is a fortress . 
 so no , i am not worried . '' 
 `` but why live in a fortress ? '' 
 at his surprised look she elaborated . 
 `` you clearly are n't related to charlotte and henry , they 're hardly old enough to have adopted you , and not all shadowhunter children must live here or there would be more than you and jessamine - '' `` and jem , '' will reminded her . 
 `` yes , but-you see what i mean . 
 why do n't you live with your family ? '' 
 `` none of us have parents . 
 jessamine 's died in a fire , jem 's - well jem came from quite a distance away to live here , after his parents were murdered by demons . 
 under covenant law , the clave is responsible for parentless shadowhunter children under the age of eighteen . '' 
 `` so you are one another 's family . '' 
 `` if you must romanticize it , i suppose we are-all brothers and sisters under the institute 's roof . 
 you as well , miss gray , however temporarily . '' 
 `` in that case , '' tessa said , feeling hot blood rise to her face , `` i think i would prefer it if you called me by my christian name , as you do with miss lovelace . '' 
 will looked at her , slow and hard , and then smiled . 
 his blue eyes lit when he smiled . 
 `` then you must do the same for me , '' he said . 
 `` tessa . '' 
 she had never thought about her name much before , but when he said it , it was as if she were hearing it for the first time-the hard t , the caress of the double s , the way it seemed to end on a breath . 
 her own breath was very short when she said , softly , `` will . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 amusement glittered in his eyes . 
 with a sort of horror tessa realized that she had simply said his name for the sake of saying it ; she had n't actually had a question . 
 hastily she said , `` how do you learn-to fight like you do ? 
 to draw those magical symbols , and the rest of it ? '' 
 will smiled . 
 `` we had a tutor who provided our schooling and physical training-though he 's left for idris , and charlotte 's looking for a replacement-along with charlotte , who takes care of teaching us history and ancient languages . '' 
 `` so she 's your governess ? '' 
 a look of dark mirth passed across will 's features . 
 `` you could say that . 
 but i would n't call charlotte a governess if i were you , not if you want to preserve your limbs intact . 
 you would n't think it to look at her , but she 's quite skilled with a variety of weapons , our charlotte . '' 
 tessa blinked in surprise . 
 `` you do n't mean-charlotte does n't fight , does she ? 
 not the way you and henry do . '' 
 `` certainly she does . 
 why would n't she ? '' 
 `` because she 's a woman , '' tessa said . 
 `` so was boadicea . '' 
 `` who ? '' '' 
 ` so the queen boadicea , standing loftily charioted , / brandishing in her hand a dart and rolling glances lioness-like - ' '' will broke off at tessa 's look of incomprehension , and grinned . 
 `` nothing ? 
 if you were english , you 'd know . 
 remind me to find a book about her for you . 
 regardless , she was a powerful warrior queen . 
 when she was finally defeated , she took poison rather than let herself be captured by the romans . 
 she was braver than any man . 
 i like to think charlotte is much in the same mold , if somewhat smaller . '' 
 `` but she ca n't be any good at it , can she ? 
 i mean , women do n't have those sort of feelings . '' 
 `` what kind of feelings are those ? '' 
 `` bloodlust , i suppose , '' tessa said after a moment . 
 `` fierceness . 
 warrior feelings . '' 
 `` i saw you waving that hacksaw at the dark sisters , '' will pointed out . 
 `` and if i recall correctly , lady audley 's secret was , in fact , that she was a murderer . '' 
 `` so you 've read it ! '' 
 tessa could n't hide her delight . 
 he looked amused . 
 `` i prefer the trail of the serpent . 
 more adventure , less domestic drama . 
 neither is as good as the moonstone , though . 
 have you read collins ? '' 
 `` i adore wilkie collins , '' tessa cried . 
 `` oh-armadale ! 
 and the woman in white ... are you laughing at me ? '' 
 `` not at you , '' said will , grinning , `` more because of you . 
 i 've never seen anyone get so excited over books before . 
 you 'd think they were diamonds . '' 
 `` well , they are , are n't they ? 
 is n't there anything you love like that ? 
 and do n't say ` spats ' or ` lawn tennis ' or something silly . '' 
 `` good lord , '' he said with mock horror , `` it 's like she knows me already . '' 
 `` everyone has something they ca n't live without . 
 i 'll find out what it is for you , never you fear . '' 
 she meant to speak lightly , but at the look on his face , her voice trailed off into uncertainty . 
 he was looking at her with an odd steadiness ; his eyes were the same dark blue as the velvet binding of the book she held . 
 his gaze passed over her face , down her throat , to her waist , before rising back up to her face , where it lingered on her mouth . 
 tessa 's heart was pounding as if she had been running up stairs . 
 something in her chest ached , as if she were hungry or thirsty . 
 there was something she wanted , but she did n't know what - `` it 's late , '' will said abruptly , looking away from her . 
 `` i should show you back to your room . '' 
 `` i - '' tessa wanted to protest , but there was no reason to do so . 
 he was right . 
 it was late , the pinprick light of stars visible through the clear panes of the window . 
 she rose to her feet , cradling the book to her chest , and went with will out into the corridor . 
 `` there are a few tricks to learning your way around the institute that i ought to teach you , '' he said , still not looking at her . 
 there was something oddly diffident in his attitude now that had n't been there moments before , as if tessa had done something to offend him . 
 but what could she have done ? 
 `` ways to identify the different doors and turn - '' he broke off , and tessa saw that someone was coming down the corridor toward them . 
 it was sophie , a basket of laundry tucked under one of her arms . 
 seeing will and tessa , she paused , her expression growing more guarded . 
 `` sophie ! '' 
 will 's diffidence turned to mischief . 
 `` have you finished putting my room in order yet ? '' 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 sophie did n't return his smile . 
 `` it was filthy . 
 i hope that in future you can refrain from tracking bits of dead demon through the house . '' 
 tessa 's mouth fell open . 
 how could sophie talk to will like that ? 
 she was a servant , and he-even if he was younger than she was-was a gentleman . 
 and yet will seemed to take it in stride . 
 `` all part of the job , young sophie . '' 
 `` mr. branwell and mr. carstairs seem to have no problem cleaning their boots , '' sophie said , looking darkly from will to tessa . 
 `` perhaps you could learn from their example . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' said will . 
 `` but i doubt it . '' 
 sophie scowled , and started off along the corridor again , her shoulders tightly set with indignation . 
 tessa looked at will in amazement . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 will shrugged lazily . 
 `` sophie enjoys pretending she does n't like me . '' 
 `` does n't like you ? 
 she hates you ! '' 
 under other circumstances , she might have asked if will and sophie had had a falling out , but one did n't fall out with servants . 
 if they were unsatisfactory , one ceased to employ them . 
 `` did-did something happen between you ? '' 
 `` tessa , '' will said with exaggerated patience . 
 `` enough . 
 there are things you ca n't hope to understand . '' 
 if there was one thing tessa hated , it was being told that there were things she could n't understand . 
 because she was young , because she was a girl-for any of a thousand reasons that never seemed to make any real sense . 
 she set her chin stubbornly . 
 `` well , not if you wo n't tell me . 
 but then i 'd have to say that it looks a great deal like she hates you because you did something awful to her . '' 
 will 's expression darkened . 
 `` you can think what you like . 
 it 's not as if you know anything about me . '' 
 `` i know you do n't like giving straightforward answers to questions . 
 i know you 're probably around seventeen . 
 i know you like tennyson-you quoted him at the dark house , and again just now . 
 i know you 're an orphan , as i am - '' `` i never said i was an orphan . '' 
 will spoke with unexpected savagery . 
 `` and i loathe poetry . 
 so , as it happens , you really do n't know anything about me at all , do you ? '' 
 and with that , he spun on his heel and walked away . 
 5 the shadowhunter 's codex dreams are true while they last , and do we not live in dreams ? 
 - alfred , lord tennyson , `` the higher pantheism '' it took an age of wandering glumly from corridor to identical corridor before tessa , by lucky chance , recognized a rip in yet another of the endless tapestries and realized that the door to her bedroom must be one of the ones lining that particular hallway . 
 a few minutes of trial and error later , and she was gratefully shutting the correct door behind her and sliding the bolt home in the lock . 
 the moment she was back in her nightgown and had slipped under the covers , she opened the shadowhunter 's codex and began to read . 
 you 'll never understand us from reading a book , will had said , but that was n't the point really . 
 he did n't know what books meant to her , that books were symbols of truth and meaning , that this one acknowledged that she existed and that there were others like her in the world . 
 holding it in her hands made tessa feel that everything that had happened to her in the past six weeks was real-more real even than living through it had been . 
 tessa learned from the codex that all shadowhunters descended from an archangel named raziel , who had given the first of them a volume called the gray book , filled with `` the language of heaven '' - the black runic marks that covered the skin of trained shadowhunters such as charlotte and will . 
 the marks were cut into their skin with a styluslike tool called a stele-the odd penlike object she 'd seen will use to draw on the door at the dark house . 
 the marks provided nephilim with all sorts of protection : healing , superhuman strength and speed , night vision , and even allowed them to hide themselves from mundane eyes with runes called glamours . 
 but they were not a gift anyone could use . 
 cutting marks into the skin of a downworlder or human-or even a shadowhunter who was too young or improperly trained-would be torturously painful and result in madness or death . 
 the marks were not the only way they protected themselves-they wore tough , enchanted leather garments called gear when they went into battle . 
 there were sketches of men in the gear of different countries . 
 to tessa 's surprise , there were also sketches of women in long shirts and trousers-not bloomers , such as the sort she 'd seen ridiculed in newspapers , but real men 's trousers . 
 turning the page , she shook her head , wondering if charlotte and jessamine really wore such outlandish getups . 
 the next pages were devoted to the other gifts raziel had given the first shadowhunters-powerful magical objects called the mortal instruments-and a home country : a tiny piece of land sliced out of what was then the holy roman empire , surrounded with wardings so that mundanes could not enter it . 
 it was called idris . 
 the lamp flickered low as tessa read , her eyelids slipping lower and lower . 
 downworlders , she read , were supernatural creatures such as faeries , werewolves , vampires , and warlocks . 
 in the case of vampires and werewolves , they were humans infected with demon disease . 
 faeries , on the other hand , were half-demon and half-angel , and therefore possessed both great beauty and an evil nature . 
 but warlocks-warlocks were the direct offspring of humans and demons . 
 no wonder charlotte had asked if both her parents were human . 
 but they were , she thought , so i ca n't possibly be a warlock , thank god . 
 she stared down at an illustration showing a tall man with shaggy hair , standing in the center of a pentagram chalked onto a stone floor . 
 he looked completely normal , save for the fact that he had eyes with slit pupils like a cat 's . 
 candles burned at each of the star 's five points . 
 the flames seemed to slide together , blurring as tessa 's own vision blurred in exhaustion . 
 she closed her eyes-and was instantly dreaming . 
 in the dream she danced through whirling smoke down a corridor lined with mirrors , and each mirror she passed showed her a different face . 
 she could hear lovely , haunting music . 
 it seemed to come from some distance away , and yet was all around . 
 there was a man walking ahead of her-a boy , really , slender and beardless-but though she felt that she knew him , she could neither see his face nor recognize him . 
 he might have been her brother , or will , or someone else entirely . 
 she followed , calling to him , but he receded down the corridor as if the smoke carried him with it . 
 the music rose and rose to a crescendo - and tessa woke , breathing hard , the book sliding off her lap as she sat up . 
 the dream was gone , but the music remained , high and haunting and sweet . 
 she made her way to the door and peered out into the hallway . 
 the music was louder in the corridor . 
 in fact , it was coming from the room across the hall . 
 the door was ajar slightly , and notes seemed to pour through the opening like water through the narrow neck of a vase . 
 a dressing gown hung on a hook by the door ; tessa drew it down and slipped it on over her nightclothes , stepping out into the hallway . 
 as if in a dream , she crossed the corridor and put her hand gently to the door ; it swung open under her touch . 
 the room within was dark , lit only by moonlight . 
 she saw that it was not unlike her own bedroom across the hall , the same large four-poster bed , the same dark heavy furniture . 
 the curtains had been pulled back from one tall window , and pale silver light poured into the room like a rain of needles . 
 in the square patch of moonlight before the window , someone was standing . 
 a boy-he seemed too slight to be a grown man-with a violin propped against his shoulder . 
 his cheek rested against the instrument , and the bow sawed back and forth over the strings , wringing notes out of it , notes as fine and perfect as anything tessa had ever heard . 
 his eyes were closed . 
 `` will ? '' 
 he said , without opening his eyes or ceasing to play . 
 `` will , is that you ? '' 
 tessa said nothing . 
 she could not bear to speak , to interrupt the music-but in a moment the boy broke it off himself , lowering his bow and opening his eyes with a frown . 
 `` will - , '' he started , and then , seeing tessa , his lips parted in surprise . 
 `` you 're not will . '' 
 he sounded curious , but not at all annoyed , despite the fact that tessa had barged into his bedroom in the middle of the night and surprised him playing the violin in his nightclothes , or what tessa assumed were his nightclothes . 
 he wore a light loose-fitting set of trousers and a collarless shirt , with a black silk dressing gown tied loosely over them . 
 she had been right . 
 he was young , probably the same age as will , and the impression of youth was heightened by his slightness . 
 he was tall but very slender , and disappearing below the collar of his shirt , she could see the curling edges of the black designs that she had earlier seen on will 's skin , and on charlotte 's . 
 she knew what they were called now . 
 marks . 
 and she knew what they made him . 
 nephilim . 
 the descendant of men and angels . 
 no wonder that in the moonlight his pale skin seemed to shine like will 's witchlight . 
 his hair was pale silver as well , as were his angular eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she said , clearing her throat . 
 the noise sounded terribly harsh to her , and loud in the silence of the room ; she wanted to cringe . 
 `` i-i did n't mean to come in here like this . 
 it 's - my room is across the hall , and ... '' `` that 's all right . '' 
 he lowered the violin from his shoulder . 
 `` you 're miss gray , are n't you ? 
 the shape-changer girl . 
 will told me a bit about you . '' 
 `` oh , '' tessa said . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 the boy 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` you do n't sound terribly pleased that i know who you are . '' 
 `` it 's that i think will is angry with me , '' tessa explained . 
 `` so whatever he told you - '' he laughed . 
 `` will is angry with everyone , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't let it color my judgment . '' 
 moonlight spilled off the polished surface of the boy 's violin as he turned to lay it down on top of the wardrobe , the bow beside it . 
 when he turned back to her , he was smiling . 
 `` i should have introduced myself earlier , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm james carstairs . 
 please call me jem-everyone does . '' 
 `` oh , you 're jem . 
 you were n't at dinner , '' tessa recalled . 
 `` charlotte said you were ill . 
 are you feeling better ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i was tired , that 's all . '' 
 `` well , i imagine it must be tiring , doing what you all do . '' 
 having just read the codex , tessa felt herself burning up with questions about shadowhunters . 
 `` will said you came from a long way away to live here-were you in idris ? 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` you know of idris ? '' 
 `` or did you come from another institute ? 
 they 're in all the big cities , are n't they ? 
 and why to london - '' he interrupted her , bemused . 
 `` you ask a lot of questions , do n't you ? '' 
 `` my brother always says curiosity is my besetting sin . '' 
 `` as sins go , it is n't the worst one . '' 
 he sat down on the steamer trunk at the foot of the bed , and regarded her with a curious gravity . 
 `` so go ahead ; ask me whatever you want . 
 i ca n't sleep anyway , and distractions are welcome . '' 
 immediately will 's voice rose up in the back of tessa 's head . 
 jem 's parents had been killed by demons . 
 but i ca n't ask him about that , tessa thought . 
 instead she said , `` will told me you came from very far away . 
 where did you live before ? '' 
 `` shanghai , '' jem said . 
 `` you know where that is ? '' 
 `` china , '' said tessa with some indignation . 
 `` does n't everyone know that ? '' 
 jem grinned . 
 `` you 'd be surprised . '' 
 `` what were you doing in china ? '' 
 tessa asked , with honest interest . 
 she could n't quite picture the place jem was from . 
 when she thought of china , all that came to mind was marco polo and tea . 
 she had the sense that it was very , very far , as if jem had come from the ends of the earth-east of the sun and west of the moon , aunt harriet would have said . 
 `` i thought no one went there but missionaries and sailors . '' 
 `` shadowhunters live all over the world . 
 my mother was chinese ; my father was british . 
 they met in london and moved to shanghai when he was offered the position of running the institute there . '' 
 tessa was startled . 
 if jem 's mother had been chinese , then so was he , was n't he ? 
 she knew there were chinese immigrants in new york-they mostly worked in laundries or sold hand-rolled cigars from stands on the street . 
 she had never seen one of them who looked anything like jem , with his odd silvery hair and eyes . 
 perhaps it had something to do with him being a shadowhunter ? 
 but she could n't think of a way to ask that did n't seem horrendously rude . 
 fortunately , jem did n't seem to be waiting for her to continue the conversation . 
 `` i apologize for asking , but-your parents are dead , are n't they ? '' 
 `` did will tell you that ? '' 
 `` he did n't need to . 
 we orphans learn to recognize one another . 
 if i might ask-were you very young when it happened ? '' 
 `` i was three when they died in a carriage accident . 
 i hardly remember them at all . '' 
 only in tiny flashes-the scent of tobacco smoke , or the pale lilac of my mother 's dress . 
 `` my aunt raised me . 
 and my brother , nathaniel . 
 my aunt , though - '' at this , to her surprise , her throat began to tighten . 
 a vivid picture of aunt harriet came to her mind , lying in the narrow brass bed in her bedroom , her eyes bright with fever . 
 not recognizing tessa at the end and calling her by her mother 's name , elizabeth . 
 aunt harriet had been the only mother tessa had really ever known . 
 tessa had held her thin hand while she 'd died , there in the room with the priest . 
 she remembered thinking that now she truly was alone . 
 `` she died recently . 
 she took a fever unexpectedly . 
 she never had been very strong . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , '' jem said , and he genuinely did sound sorry . 
 `` it was terrible because my brother was already gone by then . 
 he 'd left for england a month before . 
 he 'd even sent us back presents-tea from fortnum and mason , and chocolates . 
 and then aunt took sick and died , and i wrote to him over and over , but my letters came back . 
 i was in despair . 
 and then the ticket arrived . 
 a ticket for a steamship to southampton , and a note from nate saying he 'd meet me at the docks , that i must come live with him in london now that aunt was gone . 
 except now i do n't think he ever wrote that note at all - '' tessa broke off , her eyes stinging . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm maundering on . 
 you do n't need to hear all this . '' 
 `` what sort of man is your brother ? 
 what is he like ? '' 
 tessa looked at jem with a little surprise . 
 the others had asked her what he might have done to get himself into his current situation , if she knew where the dark sisters might be keeping him , if he had the same power she did . 
 but no one had ever asked what he was like . 
 `` aunt used to say he was a dreamer , '' she said . 
 `` he always lived in his head . 
 he never cared about how things were , only how they would be , someday , when he had everything he wanted . 
 when we had everything we wanted , '' she corrected herself . 
 `` he used to gamble , i think because he could n't imagine losing-it was n't part of his dreams . '' 
 `` dreams can be dangerous things . '' 
 `` no-no . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not saying it right . 
 he was a wonderful brother . 
 he ... '' charlotte was right ; it was easier to fight back tears if she found something , some object , to fix her gaze on . 
 she stared at jem 's hands . 
 they were slender and long , and he had the same design on the back of his hand that will did , the open eye . 
 she pointed at it . 
 `` what 's that meant to do ? '' 
 jem seemed not to notice she had changed the subject . 
 `` it 's a mark . 
 you know what those are ? '' 
 he held his hand out to her , palm down . 
 `` this one is the voyance . 
 it clears our sight . 
 helps us to see downworld . '' 
 he turned his hand over , and drew up the sleeve of his shirt . 
 all along the pale inside of his wrist and inner arm were more of the marks , very black against his white skin . 
 they seemed to thread with the pattern of his veins , as if his blood ran through the marks , too . 
 `` for swiftness , night vision , angelic power , to heal quickly , '' he read out loud . 
 `` though their names are more complex than that , and not in english . '' 
 `` do they hurt ? '' 
 `` they hurt when i received them . 
 they do n't hurt at all now . '' 
 he drew his sleeve down and smiled at her . 
 `` now , do n't tell me that 's all the questions you have . '' 
 oh , i have more than you think . 
 `` why ca n't you sleep ? '' 
 she saw that she had caught him off guard ; a look of hesitancy flashed across his face before he spoke . 
 but why hesitate ? 
 she thought . 
 he could always lie , or simply deflect , as will would have . 
 but jem , she sensed instinctively , would n't lie . 
 `` i have bad dreams . '' 
 `` i was dreaming too , '' she said . 
 `` i dreamed about your music . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` a nightmare , then ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it was lovely . 
 the loveliest thing i 've heard since i came to this horrible city . '' 
 `` london is n't horrible , '' jem said equably . 
 `` you simply have to get to know it . 
 you must come with me out into london someday . 
 i can show you the parts of it that are beautiful-that i love . '' 
 `` singing the praises of our fair city ? '' 
 a light voice inquired . 
 tessa whirled , and saw will , leaning against the frame of the doorway . 
 the light from the corridor behind him outlined his damp-looking hair with gold . 
 the hem of his dark overcoat and his black boots were edged with mud , as if he had just come from outdoors , and his cheeks were flushed . 
 he was bareheaded as always . 
 `` we treat you well here , do n't we , james ? 
 i doubt i 'd have that kind of luck in shanghai . 
 what do you call us there , again ? '' 
 `` yang guizi , '' said jem , who appeared unsurprised by will 's sudden appearance . '' 
 ` foreign devils . ' '' 
 `` hear that , tessa ? 
 i 'm a devil . 
 so are you . '' 
 will unhitched himself from the doorway and sauntered into the room . 
 he flung himself down onto the edge of the bed , unbuttoning his coat . 
 it had a shoulder cape attached to it , very elegant , lined in blue silk . 
 `` your hair 's wet , '' jem said . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 `` here , there , and everywhere . '' 
 will grinned . 
 despite his usual grace , there was something about the way he moved-the flush on his cheeks and the glitter in his eyes - `` boiled as an owl , are you ? '' 
 jem said , not without affection . 
 ah , tessa thought . 
 he 's drunk . 
 she 'd seen her own brother under the influence of alcohol enough times to recognize the symptoms . 
 somehow , she felt obscurely disappointed . 
 jem grinned . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 the blue dragon ? 
 the mermaid ? '' 
 `` the devil tavern , if you must know . '' 
 will sighed and leaned against one of the posts of the bed . 
 `` i had such plans for this evening . 
 the pursuit of blind drunkenness and wayward women was my goal . 
 but alas , it was not to be . 
 no sooner had i consumed my third drink in the devil than i was accosted by a delightful small flower-selling child who asked me for twopence for a daisy . 
 the price seemed steep , so i refused . 
 when i told the girl as much , she proceeded to rob me . '' 
 `` a little girl robbed you ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 `` actually , she was n't a little girl at all , as it turns out , but a midget in a dress with a penchant for violence , who goes by the name of six-fingered nigel . '' 
 `` easy mistake to make , '' jem said . 
 `` i caught him in the act of slipping his hand into my pocket , '' will said , gesturing animatedly with his scarred , slender hands . 
 `` i could n't let that stand , of course . 
 a fight broke out almost immediately . 
 i had the upper hand until nigel leaped onto the bar and struck me from behind with a pitcher of gin . '' 
 `` ah , '' said jem . 
 `` that does explain why your hair 's wet . '' 
 `` it was a fair fight , '' will said . 
 `` but the proprietor of the devil did n't see it that way . 
 threw me out . 
 i ca n't go back for a fortnight . '' 
 `` best thing for you , '' jem said unsympathetically . 
 `` glad to hear it 's business as usual , then . 
 i was worried for a moment there that you 'd come home early to see if i was feeling better . '' 
 `` you seem to be doing perfectly well without me . 
 in fact , i see you 've met our resident shape-shifting mystery woman , '' will said , glancing toward tessa . 
 it was the first time he 'd acknowledged her presence since he 'd appeared in the doorway . 
 `` do you normally turn up in gentlemen 's bedrooms in the middle of the night ? 
 if i 'd known that , i would have campaigned harder to make sure charlotte let you stay . '' 
 `` i do n't see how what i do is your concern , '' tessa replied . 
 `` especially since you abandoned me in the corridor and left me to find my own way back to my room . '' 
 `` and you found your way to jem 's room instead ? '' 
 `` it was the violin , '' jem explained . 
 `` she heard me practicing . '' 
 `` ghastly wailing noise , is n't it ? '' 
 will asked tessa . 
 `` i do n't know how all the cats in the neighborhood do n't come running every time he plays . '' 
 `` i thought it was pretty . '' 
 `` that 's because it was , '' jem agreed . 
 will pointed a finger accusingly in their direction . 
 `` you 're ganging up on me . 
 is this how it 's going to be from now on ? 
 i 'll be odd man out ? 
 dear god , i 'll have to befriend jessamine . '' 
 `` jessamine ca n't stand you , '' jem pointed out . 
 `` henry , then . '' 
 `` henry will set you on fire . '' 
 `` thomas , '' will suggested . 
 `` thomas , '' jem began-and doubled up , suddenly racked with an explosive fit of coughing so violent that he slid from the steamer trunk to crouch on his knees . 
 too shocked to move , tessa could only stare as will-his expansive drunkenness seeming to vanish in a split second-sprang off the bed and knelt down by jem , placing a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` james , '' he said quietly . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 jem held up a hand to ward him off . 
 racking gasps shook his thin frame . 
 `` i do n't need it-i 'm all right - '' he coughed again , and a fine spray of red splattered the floor in front of him . 
 blood . 
 will 's hand tightened on his friend 's shoulder ; tessa saw the knuckles whiten . 
 `` where is it ? 
 where did you put it ? '' 
 jem waved his hand feebly toward the bed . 
 `` on - , '' he gasped . 
 `` on the mantel-in the box-the silver one - '' `` i 'll get it , then . '' 
 it was as gently as tessa had ever heard will say anything . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 `` as if i 'd go anywhere . '' 
 jem scrubbed the back of his hand across his mouth ; it came away with red streaking the open-eye mark . 
 standing up , will turned-and saw tessa . 
 for a moment he looked purely startled , as if he 'd forgotten she was there at all . 
 `` will - , '' she whispered . 
 `` is there anything - '' `` come with me . '' 
 catching her by the arm , will marched her , gently , toward the open door . 
 he thrust her out into the corridor , moving to block her view of the room . 
 `` good night , tessa . '' 
 `` but he 's coughing blood , '' tessa protested in a low voice . 
 `` perhaps i should get charlotte - '' `` no . '' 
 will glanced over his shoulder , then back at tessa . 
 he leaned toward her , his hand on her shoulder . 
 she could feel every one of his fingers pressing into the flesh . 
 they were close enough that she could smell the night air on his skin , the scent of metal and smoke and fog . 
 something about the way he smelled was strange , but she could n't place exactly what it was . 
 will spoke in a low voice . 
 `` he has medicine . 
 i 'll get it for him . 
 there 's no need for charlotte to know about this . '' 
 `` but if he 's ill - '' `` please , tessa . '' 
 there was a pleading urgency in will 's blue eyes . 
 `` it would be better if you said nothing about it . '' 
 somehow tessa found she could not say no . 
 `` i-all right . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 will released her shoulder , and raised his hand to touch her cheek-so lightly she thought she might almost have imagined it . 
 too startled to say anything , she stood in silence as he closed the door between them . 
 as she heard the lock slide home , she realized why she had thought something was odd when will had leaned toward her . 
 though will had said he 'd been out all night drinking-though he 'd even claimed to have had a pitcher of gin smashed over his head-there had been no smell of alcohol on him at all . 
 it was a long time before tessa could sleep again . 
 she lay awake , the codex open at her side , the clockwork angel ticking at her chest , and she watched the lamplight trace patterns across the ceiling . 
 tessa stood looking at herself in the mirror over the vanity table as sophie did up the buttons on the back of her dress . 
 in the morning light that streamed through the high windows , she looked very pale , the gray shadows under her eyes standing out in splotches . 
 she had never been one to stare in mirrors . 
 a quick glance to see that her hair was all right and that there were no spots on her clothes . 
 now she could not stop looking at that thin , pale face in the glass . 
 it seemed to ripple as she looked at it , like a reflection seen in water , like the vibration that took her just before the change . 
 now that she had worn other faces , seen through other eyes , how could she ever say any face was really her own , even if it was the face she had been given at birth ? 
 when she changed back to herself , how was she to know there was n't some slight shift in her very self , something that made her not who she was anymore ? 
 or did it matter what she looked like at all ? 
 was her face nothing but a mask of flesh , irrelevant to her true self ? 
 she could see sophie reflected in the mirror as well ; her face was turned so that her scarred cheek was to the mirror . 
 it looked even more awful in daylight . 
 it was like seeing a lovely painting slashed to ribbons with a knife . 
 tessa itched to ask her what had happened , but knew she should n't . 
 instead she said , `` i 'm much obliged to you for helping me with the dress . '' 
 `` pleased to be of service , miss . '' 
 sophie 's tone was flat . 
 `` i only wanted to ask , '' tessa began . 
 sophie stiffened . 
 she thinks i 'm going to ask her about her face , tessa thought . 
 out loud she said , `` the way you talked to will in the corridor last night - '' sophie laughed . 
 it was a short laugh , but a real one . 
 `` i am permitted to speak to mr. herondale however i like , whenever i like . 
 it 's one of the conditions of my employment . '' 
 `` charlotte lets you make your own conditions ? '' 
 `` it 's not simply anyone who can work at the institute , '' sophie explained . 
 `` you need to have a touch of the sight . 
 agatha has it , and so does thomas . 
 mrs. branwell wanted me right away when she knew i had it , said she 'd been looking for a maid for miss jessamine for simply ages . 
 she warned me about mr. herondale , though , said he 'd likely be rude to me , and familiar . 
 she said i could be rude right back , that nobody would mind . '' 
 `` someone ought to be rude to him . 
 he 's rude enough to everyone else . '' 
 `` i 'd warrant that 's what mrs. branwell thought . '' 
 sophie shared a grin with tessa in the mirror ; she was absolutely lovely when she smiled , tessa thought , scar or no scar . 
 `` you like charlotte , do n't you ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` she does seem awfully kind . '' 
 sophie shrugged . 
 `` in the old house i was in service in , mrs. atkins-that was the housekeeper-she would keep track of every candle we used , every bit of soap we had . 
 we had to use the soap down to a sliver before she 'd give us a new bit . 
 but mrs. branwell gives me new soap whenever i want it . '' 
 she said this as if it were a firm testament to charlotte 's character . 
 `` i suppose they have a lot of money here at the institute . '' 
 tessa thought of the gorgeous furnishings and the grandeur of the place . 
 `` perhaps . 
 but i 've made over enough dresses for mrs. branwell to know she does n't buy them new . '' 
 tessa thought of the blue gown jessamine had worn to dinner the night before . 
 `` what about miss lovelace ? '' 
 `` she has her own money , '' said sophie darkly . 
 she stepped back from tessa . 
 `` there . 
 you 're fit to be seen now . '' 
 tessa smiled . 
 `` thank you , sophie . '' 
 * * * when tessa came into the dining room , the others were already midway through breakfast-charlotte in a plain gray dress , spreading jam onto a piece of toast ; henry half-hidden behind a newspaper ; and jessamine picking daintily at a bowl of porridge . 
 will had a pile of eggs and bacon on his plate and was digging into them industriously , which tessa could n't help noting was unusual for someone who claimed to have been out drinking all night . 
 `` we were just talking about you , '' jessamine said as tessa found a seat . 
 she pushed a silver toast rack across the table toward tessa . 
 `` toast ? '' 
 tessa , picking up her fork , looked around the table anxiously . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 `` what to do with you , of course . 
 downworlders ca n't live in the institute forever , '' said will . 
 `` i say we sell her to the gypsies on hampstead heath , '' he added , turning to charlotte . 
 `` i hear they purchase spare women as well as horses . '' 
 `` will , stop it . '' 
 charlotte glanced up from her breakfast . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . '' 
 will leaned back in his chair . 
 `` you 're right . 
 they 'd never buy her . 
 too scrawny . '' 
 `` that 's enough , '' charlotte said . 
 `` miss gray shall remain . 
 if for no other reason than because we 're in the middle of an investigation that requires her assistance . 
 i 've already dispatched a message to the clave telling them that we 're keeping her here until this pandemonium club matter is cleared up and her brother is found . 
 is n't that right , henry ? '' 
 `` quite , '' henry said , setting the newspaper down . 
 `` the pandemonium thingie is a top priority . 
 absolutely . '' 
 `` you 'd better tell benedict lightwood , too , '' said will . 
 `` you know how he is . '' 
 charlotte blanched slightly , and tessa wondered who benedict lightwood might be . 
 `` will , today i 'd like you to revisit the site of the dark sisters ' house ; it 's abandoned now , but it 's still worth a final search . 
 and i want you to take jem with you - '' at that , the amusement left will 's expression . 
 `` is he well enough ? '' 
 `` he is quite well enough . '' 
 the voice was n't charlotte 's . 
 it was jem 's . 
 he had come into the room quietly and was standing by the sideboard , his arms folded across his chest . 
 he was much less pale than he had been the previous night , and the red waistcoat he wore brought a slight tinge of color to his cheeks . 
 `` in fact , he 's ready when you are . '' 
 `` you should have some breakfast first , '' charlotte fretted , pushing the plate of bacon toward him . 
 jem sat , and smiled at tessa across the table . 
 `` oh , jem-this is miss gray . 
 she 's - '' `` we 've met , '' jem said quietly , and tessa felt a rush of heat in her face . 
 she could n't help staring at him as he picked up a piece of bread and applied butter to it . 
 it seemed hard to imagine that anyone quite so ethereal-looking could possibly eat toast . 
 charlotte looked puzzled . 
 `` you have ? '' 
 `` i encountered tessa in the corridor last night and introduced myself . 
 i think i may have given her something of a fright . '' 
 his silver eyes met tessa 's across the table , sparkling with amusement . 
 charlotte shrugged . 
 `` very well , then . 
 i 'd like you to go with will . 
 in the meantime , today , miss gray - '' `` call me tessa , '' tessa said . 
 `` i would prefer it if everyone did . '' 
 `` very well , tessa , '' said charlotte with a little smile . 
 `` henry and i will be paying a call on mr. axel mortmain , your brother 's employer , to see if he , or any of his employees , might have any information as to your brother 's whereabouts . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 tessa was surprised . 
 they had said they were going to look for her brother , and they were actually doing it . 
 she had n't expected that they would . 
 `` i 've heard of axel mortmain , '' said jem . 
 `` he was a taipan , one of the big business heads in shanghai . 
 his company had offices on the bund . '' 
 `` yes , '' said charlotte , `` the newspapers say he made his fortune in imports of silk and tea . '' 
 `` bah . '' 
 jem spoke lightly , but there was an edge to his voice . 
 `` he made his fortune in opium . 
 all of them did . 
 buying opium in india , sailing it to canton , trading it for goods . '' 
 `` he was n't breaking the law , james . '' 
 charlotte pushed the newspaper across the table toward jessamine . 
 `` meanwhile , jessie , perhaps you and tessa can go through the paper and make note of anything that might pertain to the investigation , or be worth a second look - '' jessamine recoiled from the paper as if it were a snake . 
 `` a lady does not read the newspaper . 
 the society pages , perhaps , or the theater news . 
 not this filth . '' 
 `` but you are not a lady , jessamine - , '' charlotte began . 
 `` dear me , '' said will . 
 `` such harsh truths so early in the morning can not be good for the digestion . '' 
 `` what i mean , '' charlotte said , correcting herself , `` is that you are a shadowhunter first , and a lady second . '' 
 `` speak for yourself , '' jessamine said , pushing her chair back . 
 her cheeks had turned an alarming shade of red . 
 `` you know , '' she said , `` i would n't have expected you to notice , but it seems clear that the only thing tessa has to put on her back is that awful old red dress of mine , and it does n't fit her . 
 it does n't even fit me anymore , and she 's taller than i am . '' 
 `` ca n't sophie ... , '' charlotte began vaguely . 
 `` you can take a dress in . 
 it 's another thing to make it twice as big as it was to start with . 
 really , charlotte . '' 
 jessamine blew out her cheeks in exasperation . 
 `` i think you ought to let me take poor tessa into town to get some new clothes . 
 otherwise , the first time she takes a deep breath , that dress will fall right off her . '' 
 will looked interested . 
 `` i think she should try that out now and see what happens . '' 
 `` oh , '' tessa said , thoroughly confused . 
 why was jessamine being so kind to her suddenly when she 'd been so unpleasant only the day before ? 
 `` no , really it 's not necessary - '' `` it is , '' jessamine said firmly . 
 charlotte was shaking her head . 
 `` jessamine , as long as you live in the institute , you are one of us , and you have to contribute - '' `` you 're the one who insists we have to take in downworlders who are in trouble , and feed and shelter them , '' jessamine said . 
 `` i 'm quite sure that includes clothing them as well . 
 you see , i will be contributing-to tessa 's upkeep . '' 
 henry leaned across the table toward his wife . 
 `` you 'd better let her do it , '' he advised . 
 `` remember the last time you tried to get her to sort the daggers in the weapons room , and she used them to cut up all the linens ? '' 
 `` we needed new linens , '' said jessamine , unabashed . 
 `` oh , all right , '' charlotte snapped . 
 `` honestly , sometimes i despair of the lot of you . '' 
 `` what 've i done ? '' 
 jem inquired . 
 `` i only just arrived . '' 
 charlotte put her face into her hands . 
 as henry began to pat her shoulders and make soothing noises , will leaned across tessa toward jem , ignoring her completely as he did so . 
 `` should we leave now ? '' 
 `` i need to finish my tea first , '' jem said . 
 `` anyway , i do n't see what you 're so fired up about . 
 you said the place had n't been used as a brothel in ages ? '' 
 `` i want to be back before dark , '' will said . 
 he was leaning nearly across tessa 's lap , and she could smell that faint boy-smell of leather and metal that seemed to cling to his hair and skin . 
 `` i have an assignation in soho this evening with a certain attractive someone . '' 
 `` goodness , '' tessa said to the back of his head . 
 `` if you keep seeing six-fingered nigel like this , he 'll expect you to declare your intentions . '' 
 jem choked on his tea . 
 spending the day with jessamine began as badly as tessa had feared . 
 the traffic was dreadful . 
 however crowded new york might have been , tessa had never seen anything like the snarling mess of the strand at midday . 
 carriages rolled side by side with costermongers ' carts piled high with fruit and vegetables ; women shawled and carrying shallow baskets full of flowers dived madly in and out of traffic as they tried to interest the occupants of various carriages in their wares ; and cabs came to a full stop in the midst of traffic so that the cabdrivers could scream at one another out their windows . 
 this noise added to the already awesome din-ice cream peddlers shouting `` hokey-pokey , penny a lump , '' newspaper boys hawking the day 's latest headline , and someone somewhere playing a barrel organ . 
 tessa wondered how everyone living and working in london was n't deaf . 
 as she stared out the window , an old woman carrying a large metal cage full of fluttering colorful birds stepped out alongside their coach . 
 the old woman turned her head , and tessa saw that her skin was as green as a parrot 's feathers , her eyes wide and all black like a bird 's , her hair a shock of multicolored feathers . 
 tessa started , and jessamine , following her gaze , frowned . 
 `` close the curtains , '' she said . 
 `` it keeps out the dust . '' 
 and , reaching past tessa , jessamine did just that . 
 tessa looked at her . 
 jessamine 's small mouth was set in a thin line . 
 `` did you see - ? '' 
 tessa began . 
 `` no , '' jessamine said , shooting tessa what she had often seen referred to in novels as a `` killing '' look . 
 tessa glanced hastily away . 
 things did not improve when they finally reached the fashionable west end . 
 leaving thomas patiently waiting with the horses , jessamine dragged tessa in and out of various dressmakers ' salons , looking at design after design , standing by while the prettiest shop assistant was chosen to model a sample . 
 -lrb- no real lady would let a dress that might have been worn by a stranger touch her skin . -rrb- 
 in each establishment she gave a different false name and a different story ; in each establishment the owners seemed enchanted by her looks and obvious wealth and could n't help her fast enough . 
 tessa , mostly ignored , lurked on the sidelines , half-dead from boredom . 
 in one salon , posing as a young widow , jessamine even examined the design for a black mourning dress of crepe and lace . 
 tessa had to admit it would have set off her blond pallor well . 
 `` you would look absolutely beautiful in this , and could not possibly fail to make an advantageous remarriage . '' 
 the dressmaker winked in a conspiratorial fashion . 
 `` in fact , do you know what we call this design ? 
 ` the trap rebaited . ' '' 
 jessamine giggled , the dressmaker smiled limpidly , and tessa considered racing out into the street and ending it all by throwing herself under a hansom cab . 
 as if conscious of her annoyance , jessamine glanced toward her with a condescending smile . 
 `` i 'm also looking for a few dresses for my cousin from america , '' she said . 
 `` the clothes there are simply horrible . 
 she 's as plain as a pin , which does n't help , but i 'm sure you can do something with her . '' 
 the dressmaker blinked as if this were the first time she 'd noticed tessa , and perhaps it was . 
 `` would you like to choose a design , ma'am ? '' 
 the following whirlwind of activity was something of a revelation for tessa . 
 in new york her clothes had been bought by her aunt-ready-made pieces that had had to be altered to fit , and always cheap material in drab shades of dark gray or navy . 
 she had never before learned , as she did now , that blue was a color that suited her and brought out her gray-blue eyes , or that she should wear rose pink to put color in her cheeks . 
 as her measurements were taken amidst a blur of discussion of princess sheaths , cuirass bodices , and someone named mr. charles worth , tessa stood and stared at her face in the mirror , half-waiting for the features to begin to slip and change , to reform themselves . 
 but she remained herself , and at the end of it all she had four new dresses on order to be delivered later in the week-one pink , one yellow , one striped blue and white with bone buttons , and a gold and black silk-as well as two smart jackets , one with darling beaded tulle adorning the cuffs . 
 `` i suspect you may actually look pretty in that last outfit , '' jessamine said as they climbed back up into the carriage . 
 `` it 's amazing what fashion can do . '' 
 tessa counted silently to ten before she replied . 
 `` i 'm awfully obliged to you for everything , jessamine . 
 shall we return to the institute now ? '' 
 at that , the brightness went out of jessamine 's face . 
 she truly hates it there , tessa thought , puzzled more than anything else . 
 what was so dreadful about the institute ? 
 of course its whole reason for existing was peculiar enough , certainly , but jessamine had to be used to that by now . 
 she was a shadowhunter like the rest . 
 `` it 's such a lovely day , '' jessamine said , `` and you 've hardly seen anything of london . 
 i think a walk in hyde park is in order . 
 and after that , we could go to gunter 's and have thomas get ices for us ! '' 
 tessa glanced out the window . 
 the sky was hazy and gray , shot through with lines of blue where the clouds briefly drifted apart from one another . 
 in no way would this be considered a lovely day in new york , but london seemed to have different standards for weather . 
 besides , she owed jessamine something now , and the last thing in the world the other girl wanted to do , clearly , was go home . 
 `` i adore parks , '' said tessa . 
 jessamine almost smiled . 
 * * * `` you did n't tell miss gray about the cogs , '' henry said . 
 charlotte looked up from her notes and sighed . 
 it had always been a sore point for her that , however often she had requested a second , the clave only allowed the institute one carriage . 
 it was a fine one-a town coach-and thomas was an excellent driver . 
 but it did mean that when the institute 's shadowhunters went their separate ways , as they were doing today , charlotte was forced to borrow a carriage from benedict lightwood , who was far from her favorite person . 
 and the only carriage he was willing to lend her was small and uncomfortable . 
 poor henry , who was so very tall , was bumping his head against the low roof . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` the poor girl , she seemed so dazed already . 
 i could n't tell her that the mechanical devices we found in the cellar had been manufactured by the company that employed her brother . 
 she 's so worried about him . 
 it seemed more than she 'd be able to bear . '' 
 `` it might not mean anything , darling , '' henry reminded her . 
 `` mortmain and company manufactures most of the machine tools used in england . 
 mortmain is really something of a genius . 
 his patented system for producing ball bearings - '' `` yes , yes . '' 
 charlotte tried to keep the impatience out of her voice . 
 `` and perhaps we should have told her . 
 but i thought it best that we speak to mr. mortmain first and gather what impressions we can . 
 you 're correct . 
 he may know nothing at all , and there may be little connection . 
 but it would be quite a coincidence , henry . 
 and i am very wary of coincidence . '' 
 she glanced back down at the notes she 'd made about axel mortmain . 
 he was the only -lrb- and likely , though the notes did not specify , illegitimate -rrb- son of dr. hollingworth mortmain , who in a matter of years had risen from the humble position of ship 's surgeon on a trading vessel bound for china to wealthy private trader , buying and selling spices and sugar , silk and tea , and-it was n't stated , but charlotte was in agreement with jem on the matter-probably opium . 
 when dr. mortmain had died , his son , axel , at barely twenty years of age , had inherited his fortune , which he 'd promptly invested in building a fleet of ships faster and sleeker than any others plying the seas . 
 within a decade the younger mortmain had doubled , then quadrupled , his father 's riches . 
 in more recent years he had retired from shanghai to london , had sold his trading ships , and had used the money to buy a large company that produced the mechanical devices needed to make timepieces , everything from pocket watches to grandfather clocks . 
 he was a very wealthy man . 
 the carriage drew up in front of one of a row of white terraced houses , each with tall windows looking out over the square . 
 henry leaned out of the carriage and read the number off a brass plaque affixed to a front gatepost . 
 `` this must be it . '' 
 he reached for the carriage door . 
 `` henry , '' said charlotte , placing a hand on his arm . 
 `` henry , do keep in mind what we talked about this morning , wo n't you ? '' 
 he smiled ruefully . 
 `` i will do my best not to embarrass you or trip up the investigation . 
 honestly , sometimes i wonder why you bring me along on these things . 
 you know i 'm a bumbler when it comes to people . '' 
 `` you 're not a bumbler , henry , '' charlotte said gently . 
 she longed to reach out and stroke his face , push his hair back and reassure him . 
 but she held herself back . 
 she knew-she had been advised enough times-not to force on henry affection he probably did not want . 
 leaving the carriage with the lightwoods ' driver , they mounted the stairs and rang the bell ; the door was opened by a footman wearing dark blue livery and a dour expression . 
 `` good morning , '' he said brusquely . 
 `` might i inquire as to your business here ? '' 
 charlotte glanced sideways at henry , who was staring past the footman with a dreamy sort of expression . 
 lord knew what his mind was on-cogs , gears , and gadgets , no doubt-but it certainly was n't on their present situation . 
 with an inward sigh she said , `` i am mrs. gray , and this is my husband , mr. henry gray . 
 we 're seeking a cousin of ours-a young man named nathaniel gray . 
 we have n't heard from him in nearly six weeks . 
 he is , or was , one of mr. mortmain 's employees - '' for a moment-it might have been her imagination-she thought she saw something , a flicker of uneasiness , in the footman 's eyes . 
 `` mr. mortmain owns quite a large company . 
 you ca n't expect him to know the whereabouts of everyone who works for him . 
 that would be impossible . 
 perhaps you should inquire with the police . '' 
 charlotte narrowed her eyes . 
 before they had left the institute , she had traced the insides of her arms with persuasion runes . 
 it was the rare mundane who was totally unsusceptible to their influence . 
 `` we have , but they do n't seem to have progressed at all with the case . 
 it 's so dreadful , and we 're so concerned about nate , you see . 
 if we could see mr. mortmain for a moment ... '' she relaxed as the footman nodded slowly . 
 `` i 'll inform mr. mortmain of your visit , '' he said , stepping back to allow them inside . 
 `` please wait in the vestibule . '' 
 he looked startled , as if surprised at his own acquiescence . 
 he swung the door wide , and charlotte followed him in , henry behind her . 
 though the footman failed to offer charlotte a seat-a failure of politesse she attributed to the confusion brought on by the persuasion runes-he did take henry 's coat and hat , and charlotte 's wrap , before leaving the two of them to stare curiously around the entryway . 
 the room was high ceilinged but not ornate . 
 it was also absent the expected pastoral landscapes and family portraits . 
 instead , hanging from the ceiling were long silk banners painted with the chinese characters for good luck ; an indian platter of hammered silver propped in one corner ; and pen-and-ink sketches of famous landmarks lining the walls . 
 charlotte recognized mount kilimanjaro , the egyptian pyramids , the taj mahal , and a section of china 's great wall . 
 mortmain clearly was a man who traveled a great deal and was proud of the fact . 
 charlotte turned to look at henry to see if he was observing what she was , but he was staring vaguely off toward the stairs , lost in his own mind again ; before she could say anything , the footman rematerialized , a pleasant smile on his face . 
 `` please come this way . '' 
 henry and charlotte followed the footman to the end of the corridor , where he opened a polished oak door and ushered them before him . 
 they found themselves in a grand study , with wide windows looking out onto the square . 
 dark green curtains were pulled back to let in the light , and through the windowpanes charlotte could see their borrowed carriage waiting for them at the curb , the horse with its head dipped into a nose-bag , the driver reading a newspaper on his high seat . 
 the green branches of trees moved on the other side of the street , an emerald canopy , but it was noiseless . 
 the windows blocked all sound , and there was nothing audible in this room at all save the faint ticking of a wall clock with mortmain and company engraved on the face in gold . 
 the furniture was dark , a heavy black-grained wood , and the walls were lined with animal heads-a tiger , an antelope , and a leopard-and more foreign landscapes . 
 there was a great mahogany desk in the center of the room , neatly arranged with stacks of paper , each pile weighted down with a heavy copper gear . 
 a brass-bound globe bearing the legend wyld 's globe of the earth , with the latest discoveries ! 
 anchored one corner of the desk , the lands under the rule of the british empire picked out in pinkish red . 
 charlotte always found the experience of examining mundane globes a strange one . 
 their world was not the same shape as the one she knew . 
 behind the desk sat a man , who rose to his feet as they entered . 
 he was a small energetic-looking figure , a middle-aged man with hair graying suitably at the sideburns . 
 his skin looked windburned , as if he had often been outside in rough weather . 
 his eyes were a very , very light gray , his expression pleasant ; despite his elegant , expensive-looking clothes , it was easy to imagine him on the deck of a ship , peering keenly into the distance . 
 `` good afternoon , '' he said . 
 `` walker gave me to understand that you are looking for mr. nathaniel gray ? '' 
 `` yes , '' henry said , to charlotte 's surprise . 
 henry rarely , if ever , took the lead in conversations with strangers . 
 she wondered if it had anything to do with the intricate-looking blueprint on the desk . 
 henry was looking at it as yearningly as if it were food . 
 `` we 're his cousins , you know . '' 
 `` we do appreciate you taking this time to talk to us , mr. mortmain , '' charlotte added hastily . 
 `` we know he was only an employee of yours , one of dozens - '' `` hundreds , '' said mr. mortmain . 
 he had a pleasant baritone voice , which at the moment sounded very amused . 
 `` it is true i ca n't keep track of them all . 
 but i do remember mr. gray . 
 though i must say , if he ever mentioned that he had cousins who were shadowhunters , i ca n't say i recall it . '' 
 6 strange earth we must not look at goblin men , we must not buy their fruits : who knows upon what soil they fed their hungry thirsty roots ? 
 - christina rossetti , `` goblin market '' `` you know , '' said jem , `` this is n't at all what i thought a brothel would look like . '' 
 the two boys stood at the entrance to what tessa called the dark house , off whitechapel high street . 
 it looked dingier and darker than will remembered , as if someone had swabbed it with a coating of extra dirt . 
 `` what were you imagining exactly , james ? 
 ladies of the night waving from the balconies ? 
 nude statues adorning the entranceway ? '' 
 `` i suppose , '' jem said mildly , `` i was expecting something that looked a bit less drab . '' 
 will had thought rather the same thing the first time he had been there . 
 the overwhelming sensation one had inside the dark house was that it was a place no one had ever really thought of as a home . 
 the latched windows looked greasy , the drawn curtains dingy and unwashed . 
 will rolled up his sleeves . 
 `` we 'll probably have to knock down the door - '' `` or , '' said jem , reaching out and giving the knob a twist , `` not . '' 
 the door swung open onto a rectangle of darkness . 
 `` now , that 's simply laziness , '' said will . 
 taking a hunting dagger from his belt , he stepped cautiously inside , and jem followed , keeping tight hold of his jade-headed walking stick . 
 they tended to take turns going first into dangerous situations , though jem preferred to be rear guard much of the time-will always forgot to look behind him . 
 the door swung shut behind them , prisoning them in the half-lit gloom . 
 the entryway looked almost the same as it had the first time will had been there-the same wooden staircase leading up , the same cracked but still elegant marble flooring , the same air thick with dust . 
 jem raised his hand , and his witchlight flared into life , frightening a group of blackbeetles . 
 they scurried across the floor , causing will to grimace . 
 `` nice place to live , is n't it ? 
 let 's hope they left something behind other than filth . 
 forwarding addresses , a few severed limbs , a prostitute or two ... '' `` indeed . 
 perhaps , if we 're fortunate , we can still catch syphilis . '' 
 `` or demon pox , '' will suggested cheerfully , trying the door under the stairs . 
 it swung open , unlocked as the front door had been . 
 `` there 's always demon pox . '' 
 `` demon pox does not exist . '' 
 `` oh ye of little faith , '' said will , disappearing into the darkness under the stairs . 
 together they searched the cellar and the ground-floor rooms meticulously , finding little but rubbish and dust . 
 everything had been stripped from the room where tessa and will had fought off the dark sisters ; after a long search will discovered something on the wall that looked like a smear of blood , but there seemed no source for it , and jem pointed out it could just as well be paint . 
 abandoning the cellar , they moved upstairs , and found a long corridor lined with doors that was familiar to will . 
 he had raced down it with tessa behind him . 
 he ducked into the first room on the right , which had been the room he 'd found her in . 
 no sign lingered of the wild-eyed girl who 'd hit him with a flowered pitcher . 
 the room was empty , the furniture having been taken away to be searched inside the silent city . 
 four dark indentations on the floor indicated where a bed had once stood . 
 the other rooms were much the same . 
 will was trying the window in one when he heard jem shout that he should come quickly ; he was in the last room on the left . 
 will made haste and found jem standing in the center of a large square room , his witchlight shining in his hand . 
 he was not alone . 
 there was one piece of furniture remaining here-an upholstered armchair , and seated in it was a woman . 
 she was young-probably no older than jessamine-and wore a cheap-looking printed dress , her hair gathered up at the nape of her neck . 
 it was dull-brown mousy hair , and her hands were bare and red . 
 her eyes were wide open and staring . 
 `` gah , '' said will , too surprised to say anything else . 
 `` is she - '' `` she 's dead , '' said jem . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 will could not take his eyes off the woman 's face . 
 she was pale , but not with a corpse 's pallor , and her hands lay folded in her lap , the fingers softly curved , not stiff with the rigor of death . 
 he moved closer to her and placed a hand on her arm . 
 it was rigid and cold beneath his fingers . 
 `` well , she 's not responding to my advances , '' he observed more brightly than he felt , `` so she must be dead . '' 
 `` or she 's a woman of good taste and sense . '' 
 jem knelt down and looked up into the woman 's face . 
 her eyes were pale blue and protuberant ; they stared past him , as dead-looking as painted eyes . 
 `` miss , '' he said , and reached for her wrist , meaning to take a pulse . 
 she moved , jerking under his hand , and let out a low inhuman moan . 
 jem stood up hastily . 
 `` what in - '' the woman raised her head . 
 her eyes were still blank , unfocused , but her lips moved with a grinding sound . 
 `` beware ! '' 
 she cried . 
 her voice echoed around the room , and will , with a yell , jumped back . 
 the woman 's voice sounded like gears grating against one another . 
 `` beware , nephilim . 
 as you slay others , so shall you be slain . 
 your angel can not protect you against that which neither god nor the devil has made , an army born neither of heaven nor hell . 
 beware the hand of man . 
 beware . '' 
 her voice rose to a high , grinding shriek , and she jerked back and forth in the chair like a puppet being yanked on invisible strings . 
 `` beware bewarebewarebeware - '' `` good god , '' muttered jem . 
 `` beware ! '' 
 the woman shrieked one last time , and toppled forward to sprawl on the ground , abruptly silenced . 
 will stared , openmouthed . 
 `` is she ... ? '' 
 he began . 
 `` yes , '' jem said . 
 `` i think she 's quite dead this time . '' 
 but will was shaking his head . 
 `` dead . 
 you know , i do n't think so . '' 
 `` what do you think , then ? '' 
 instead of answering , will went and knelt down by the body . 
 he put two fingers to the side of the woman 's cheek and turned her head gently until she faced them . 
 her mouth was wide , her right eye staring at the ceiling . 
 the left dangled halfway down her cheek , attached to its socket by a coil of copper wire . 
 `` she 's not alive , '' said will , `` but not dead , either . 
 she may be ... like one of henry 's gadgets , i think . '' 
 he touched her face . 
 `` who could have done this ? '' 
 `` i can hardly guess . 
 but she called us nephilim . 
 she knew what we are . '' 
 `` or someone did , '' said will . 
 `` i do n't imagine she knows anything . 
 i think she 's a machine , like a clock . 
 and she has run down . '' 
 he stood up . 
 `` regardless , we had best get her back to the institute . 
 henry will want to have a look at her . '' 
 jem did not reply ; he was looking down at the woman on the floor . 
 her feet were bare beneath the hem of her dress , and dirty . 
 her mouth was open and he could see the gleam of metal inside her throat . 
 her eye dangled eerily on its bit of copper wire as somewhere outside the windows a church clock chimed the midday hour . 
 once inside the park , tessa found herself beginning to relax . 
 she had n't been in a green , quiet place since she 'd come to london , and she found herself almost reluctantly delighted by the sight of grass and trees , though she thought the park nowhere near as fine as central park in new york . 
 the air was not as hazy here as it was over the rest of the city , and the sky overhead had achieved a color that was almost blue . 
 thomas waited with the carriage while the girls made their promenade . 
 as tessa walked beside jessamine , the other girl kept up a constant stream of chatter . 
 they were making their way down a broad thoroughfare that , jessamine informed her , was inexplicably called rotten row . 
 despite the inauspicious name , it was apparently the place to see and be seen . 
 down the center of it paraded men and women on horseback , exquisitely attired , the women with their veils flying , their laughter echoing in the summer air . 
 along the sides of the avenue walked other pedestrians . 
 chairs and benches were set up under the trees , and women sat twirling colorful parasols and sipping peppermint water ; beside them bewhiskered gentlemen smoked , filling the air with the smell of tobacco mixed with cut grass and horses . 
 though no one stopped to talk to them , jessamine seemed to know who everyone was-who was getting married , who was seeking a husband , who was having an affair with so-and-so 's wife and everyone knew all about it . 
 it was a bit dizzying , and tessa was glad when they stepped off the row and onto a narrower path leading into the park . 
 jessamine slid her arm through tessa 's and gave her hand a companionable squeeze . 
 `` you do n't know what a relief it is to finally have another girl around , '' she said cheerfully . 
 `` i mean , charlotte 's all right , but she 's boring and married . '' 
 `` there 's sophie . '' 
 jessamine snorted . 
 `` sophie 's a servant . '' 
 `` i 've known girls who were quite companionable with their ladies ' maids , '' tessa protested . 
 this was not precisely true . 
 she had read about such girls , though she had never known one . 
 still , according to novels , the main function of a ladies ' maid was to listen to you as you poured your heart out about your tragic love life , and occasionally to dress in your clothes and pretend to be you so you could avoid being captured by a villain . 
 not that tessa could picture sophie participating in anything like that on jessamine 's behalf . 
 `` you 've seen what her face looks like . 
 being hideous has made her bitter . 
 a ladies ' maid is meant to be pretty , and speak french , and sophie ca n't manage either . 
 i told charlotte as much when she brought the girl home . 
 charlotte did n't listen to me . 
 she never does . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine why , '' said tessa . 
 they had turned onto a narrow path that wound between trees . 
 the glint of the river was visible through them , and the branches above knotted together into a canopy , blocking the brightness of the sun . 
 `` i know ! 
 neither can i ! '' 
 jessamine raised her face , letting what sun broke through the canopy dance across her skin . 
 `` charlotte never listens to anyone . 
 she 's always henpecking poor henry . 
 i do n't know why he married her at all . '' 
 `` i assume because he loved her ? '' 
 jessamine snorted . 
 `` no one thinks that . 
 henry wanted access to the institute so he could work on his little experiments in the cellar and not have to fight . 
 and i do n't think he minded marrying charlotte-i do n't think there was anyone else he wanted to marry-but if someone else had been running the institute , he would have married them instead . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` and then there 's the boys-will and jem . 
 jem 's pleasant enough , but you know how foreigners are . 
 not really trustworthy and basically selfish and lazy . 
 he 's always in his room , pretending to be ill , refusing to do anything to help out , '' jessamine went on blithely , apparently forgetting the fact that jem and will were off searching the dark house right now , while she promenaded in the park with tessa . 
 `` and will . 
 handsome enough , but behaves like a lunatic half the time ; it 's as if he were brought up by savages . 
 he has no respect for anyone or anything , no concept of the way a gentleman is supposed to behave . 
 i suppose it 's because he 's welsh . '' 
 tessa was baffled . 
 `` welsh ? '' 
 is that a bad thing to be ? 
 she was about to add , but jessamine , thinking that tessa was doubting will 's origins , went on with relish . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 with that black hair of his , you can absolutely tell . 
 his mother was a welshwoman . 
 his father fell in love with her , and that was that . 
 he left the nephilim . 
 maybe she cast a spell on him . '' 
 jessamine laughed . 
 `` they have all kinds of odd magic and things in wales , you know . '' 
 tessa did not know . 
 `` do you know what happened to will 's parents ? 
 are they dead ? '' 
 `` i suppose they must be , must n't they , or they would have come looking for him ? '' 
 jessamine furrowed her brow . 
 `` ugh . 
 anyway . 
 i do n't want to talk about the institute anymore . '' 
 she swung around to look at tessa . 
 `` you must be wondering why i 've been being so nice to you . '' 
 `` er ... '' tessa had been wondering , rather . 
 in novels girls like herself , girls whose families had once had money but who had fallen on hard times , were often taken in by kindly wealthy protectors and were furnished with new clothes and a good education . 
 -lrb- not , tessa thought , that there had been anything wrong with her education . 
 aunt harriet had been as learned as any governess . -rrb- 
 of course , jessamine did not in any way resemble the saintly older ladies of such tales , whose acts of generosity were totally selfless . 
 `` jessamine , have you ever read the lamplighter ? '' 
 `` certainly not . 
 girls should n't read novels , '' said jessamine , in the tone of someone reciting something she 'd heard somewhere else . 
 `` regardless , miss gray , i have a proposition to put to you . '' 
 `` tessa , '' tessa corrected automatically . 
 `` of course , for we are already the best of friends , '' jessamine said , `` and shall soon be even more so . '' 
 tessa regarded the other girl with bafflement . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` as i am sure horrid will has told you , my parents , my dear papa and mama , are dead . 
 but they left me a not inconsiderable sum of money . 
 it was put aside in trust for me until my eighteenth birthday , which is only in a matter of months . 
 you see the problem , of course . '' 
 tessa , who did not see the problem , said , `` i do ? '' 
 `` i am not a shadowhunter , tessa . 
 i despise everything about the nephilim . 
 i have never wanted to be one , and my dearest wish is to leave the institute and never speak to a single soul who resides there ever again . '' 
 `` but i thought that your parents were shadowhunters ... . '' 
 `` one does not have to be a shadowhunter if one does not wish to , '' jessamine snapped . 
 `` my parents did not . 
 they left the clave when they were young . 
 mama was always perfectly clear . 
 she never wanted the shadowhunters near me . 
 she said she would never wish that life on a girl . 
 she wanted other things for me . 
 that i would make my debut , meet the queen , find a good husband , and have darling little babies . 
 an ordinary life . '' 
 she said the words with a savage sort of hunger . 
 `` there are other girls in this city right now , tessa , other girls my age , who are n't as pretty as me , who are dancing and flirting and laughing and catching husbands . 
 they get lessons in french . 
 i get lessons in horrid demon languages . 
 it 's not fair . '' 
 `` you can still get married . '' 
 tessa was puzzled . 
 `` any man would - '' `` i could marry a shadowhunter . '' 
 jessamine spat out the word . 
 `` and live like charlotte , having to dress like a man and fight like a man . 
 it 's disgusting . 
 women are n't meant to behave like that . 
 we are meant to graciously preside over lovely homes . 
 to decorate them in a manner that is pleasing to our husbands . 
 to uplift and comfort them with our gentle and angelic presence . '' 
 jessamine sounded neither gentle nor angelic , but tessa forbore mentioning this . 
 `` i do n't see how i ... '' jessamine caught tessa 's arm fiercely . 
 `` do n't you ? 
 i can leave the institute , tessa , but i can not live alone . 
 it would n't be respectable . 
 perhaps if i were a widow , but i am only a girl . 
 it just is n't done . 
 but if i had a companion-a sister - '' `` you wish me to pretend to be your sister ? '' 
 tessa squeaked . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 jessamine said , as if this were the most reasonable suggestion in the world . 
 `` or you could be my cousin from america . 
 yes , that would work . 
 you do see , '' she added , more practically , `` that it is n't as if you have anywhere else to go , is it ? 
 i 'm quite positive we would catch husbands in no time at all . '' 
 tessa , whose head had begun to ache , wished jessamine would cease to speak of `` catching '' husbands the way one might catch a cold , or a runaway cat . 
 `` i could introduce you to all the best people , '' jessamine continued . 
 `` there would be balls , and dinner parties - '' she broke off , looking around in sudden confusion . 
 `` but-where are we ? '' 
 tessa glanced around . 
 the path had narrowed . 
 it was now a dark trail leading between high twisted trees . 
 tessa could no longer see the sky , nor hear the sound of voices . 
 beside her , jessamine had come to a halt . 
 her face creased with sudden fear . 
 `` we 've wandered off the path , '' she whispered . 
 `` well , we can find our way back , ca n't we ? '' 
 tessa spun around , looking for a break in the trees , a patch of sunlight . 
 `` i think we came from that way - '' jessamine caught suddenly at tessa 's arm , her fingers claw-like . 
 something-no , someone-had appeared before them on the path . 
 the figure was small , so small that for a moment tessa thought they were facing a child . 
 but as the form stepped forward into the light , she saw that it was a man-a hunched , wizened-looking man , dressed like a peddler , in ragged clothes , a battered hat pushed back on his head . 
 his face was wrinkled and white , like a mold-covered old apple , and his eyes were gleaming black between thick folds of skin . 
 he grinned , showing teeth as sharp as razors . 
 `` pretty girls . '' 
 tessa glanced at jessamine ; the other girl was rigid and staring , her mouth a white line . 
 `` we ought to go , '' tessa whispered , and pulled at jessamine 's arm . 
 slowly , as if she were in a dream , jessamine allowed tessa to turn her so they faced back the way they had come - and the man was before them once again , blocking the way back to the park . 
 far , far in the distance , tessa thought she could see the park , a sort of clearing , full of light . 
 it looked impossibly far away . 
 `` you wandered off the path , '' said the stranger . 
 his voice was singsong , rhythmic . 
 `` pretty girls , you wandered off the path . 
 you know what happens to girls like you . '' 
 he took a step forward . 
 jessamine , still rigid , was clutching her parasol as though it were a lifeline . 
 `` goblin , '' she said , `` hobgoblin , whatever you are-we have no quarrel with any of the fair folk . 
 but if you touch us - '' `` you wandered from the path , '' sang the little man , coming closer , and as he did , tessa saw that his shining shoes were not shoes after all but gleaming hooves . 
 `` foolish nephilim , to come to this place un-marked . 
 here is land more ancient than any accords . 
 here there is strange earth . 
 if your angel blood should fall upon it , golden vines will grow from the spot , with diamonds at their tips . 
 and i claim it . 
 i claim your blood . '' 
 tessa tugged at jessamine 's arm . 
 `` jessamine , we should - '' `` tessa , be quiet . '' 
 shaking her arm free , jessamine pointed her parasol at the goblin . 
 `` you do n't want to do this . 
 you do n't want - '' the creature sprang . 
 as he hurtled toward them , his mouth seemed to peel wide , his skin splitting , and tessa saw the face beneath-fanged and vicious . 
 she screamed and stumbled backward , her shoe catching on a tree root . 
 she thumped to the ground as jessamine raised her parasol , and with a flick of jessamine 's wrist , the parasol burst open like a flower . 
 the goblin screamed . 
 he screamed and fell back and rolled on the ground , still screaming . 
 blood streamed from a wound in his cheek , staining his ragged gray jacket . 
 `` i told you , '' jessamine said . 
 she was breathing hard , her chest rising and falling as if she had been racing through the park . 
 `` i told you to leave us alone , you filthy creature - '' she struck at the goblin again , and now tessa could see that the edges of jessamine 's parasol gleamed an odd gold-white , and were as sharp as razors . 
 blood was splattered across the flowered material . 
 the goblin howled , throwing up his arms to protect himself . 
 he looked like a little old hunched man now , and though tessa knew it was an illusion , she could n't help feeling a pang of pity . 
 `` mercy , mistress , mercy - '' `` mercy ? '' 
 jessamine spat . 
 `` you wanted to grow flowers out of my blood ! 
 filthy goblin ! 
 disgusting creature ! '' 
 she slashed at him again with the parasol , and again , and the goblin screamed and thrashed . 
 tessa sat up , shaking the dirt out of her hair , and staggered to her feet . 
 jessamine was still screaming , the parasol flying , the creature on the ground spasming with each blow . 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 jessamine shrieked , her voice thin and trembling . 
 `` i hate you , and everything like you-downworlders-disgusting , disgusting - '' `` jessamine ! '' 
 tessa ran to the other girl and threw her arms around her , pinning jessamine 's arms against her body . 
 for a moment jessamine struggled , and tessa realized there was no way she could hold her . 
 she was strong , the muscles under her soft feminine skin coiled and as tense as a whip . 
 and then jessamine went suddenly limp , sagging back against tessa , her breath hitching as the parasol drooped in her hand . 
 `` no , '' she wailed . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't want to . 
 i did n't mean to . 
 no - '' tessa glanced down . 
 the goblin 's body was humped and motionless at their feet . 
 blood spread across the ground from the place where he lay , running across the earth like dark vines . 
 holding jessamine as she sobbed , tessa could not help but wonder what would grow there now . 
 it was , unsurprisingly , charlotte who recovered from her astonishment first . 
 `` mr. mortmain , i 'm not sure what you could possibly mean - '' `` of course you are . '' 
 he was smiling , his lean face split from ear to ear by an impish grin . 
 `` shadowhunters . 
 the nephilim . 
 that 's what you call yourselves , is n't it ? 
 the by-blows of men and angels . 
 strange , since the nephilim in the bible were hideous monsters , were n't they ? '' 
 `` you know , that 's not necessarily true , '' henry said , unable to restrain his inner pedant . 
 `` there 's an issue of translation from the original aramaic - '' `` henry , '' charlotte said warningly . 
 `` do you really trap the souls of the demons you kill in a gigantic crystal ? '' 
 mortmain went on , wide eyed . 
 `` how magnificent ! '' 
 `` d'you mean the pyxis ? '' 
 henry looked baffled . 
 `` it 's not a crystal , more like a wooden box . 
 and they are n't so much souls-demons do n't have souls . 
 they have energy - '' `` be quiet , henry , '' charlotte snapped . 
 `` mrs. branwell , '' mortmain said . 
 he sounded dreadfully cheerful . 
 `` please do not concern yourself . 
 i already know everything about your kind , you see . 
 you 're charlotte branwell , are n't you ? 
 and this is your husband , henry branwell . 
 you run the london institute from the site of what was once the church of all-hallows-the-less . 
 did you honestly think i would n't know who you were ? 
 especially once you tried to glamour my footman ? 
 he ca n't bear being glamoured , you know . 
 gives him a rash . '' 
 charlotte narrowed her eyes . 
 `` and how have you come by all this information ? '' 
 mortmain leaned forward eagerly , templing his hands . 
 `` i am a student of the occult . 
 since my time in india as a young man , when i first learned of them , i have been fascinated with the shadow realms . 
 for a man in my position , with sufficient funds and more than sufficient time , many doors are open . 
 there are books one may purchase , information that can be paid for . 
 your knowledge is not as secret as you might think . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' said henry , looking deeply unhappy , `` but - it is dangerous , you know . 
 killing demons-it 's not like shooting tigers . 
 they can hunt you as well as you can hunt them . '' 
 mortmain chuckled . 
 `` my boy , i have no intention of racing out to fight demons bare-handed . 
 of course this sort of information is dangerous in the hands of the flighty and the hotheaded , but mine is a careful and sensible mind . 
 i seek only an expansion of my knowledge of the world , nothing more . '' 
 he looked about the room . 
 `` i must say , i 've never had the honor of talking to nephilim before . 
 of course , mention of you is frequent in the literature , but to read about something and to truly experience it are two very different things , i 'm sure you 'll agree . 
 there is so very much you could teach me - '' `` that , '' charlotte said in a freezing tone , `` will be quite enough of that . '' 
 mortmain looked at her , puzzled . 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 `` since you seem to know so much about nephilim , mr. mortmain , might i ask if you know what our mandate is ? '' 
 mortmain looked smug . 
 `` to destroy demons . 
 to protect humans-mundanes , as i understand you call us . '' 
 `` yes , '' said charlotte , `` and a great deal of the time what we are protecting humans from is their own very foolish selves . 
 i see that you are no exception to this rule . '' 
 at that , mortmain looked actually astonished . 
 his glance went to henry . 
 charlotte knew that look . 
 it was a look only exchanged between men , a look that said , can you not control your wife , sir ? 
 a look , she knew , that was quite wasted on henry , who seemed to be trying to read the upside-down blueprints on mortmain 's desk and was paying very little attention to the conversation . 
 `` you think the occult knowledge you have acquired makes you very clever , '' said charlotte . 
 `` but i have seen my share of dead mundanes , mr. mortmain . 
 i can not count the times we have attended to the remains of some human who fancied himself expert in magical practices . 
 i remember , when i was a girl , being summoned to the home of a barrister . 
 he belonged to some silly circle of men who believed themselves to be magicians . 
 they spent their time chanting and wearing robes and drawing pentagrams on the ground . 
 one evening he determined that his skill was sufficient to attempt the raising of a demon . '' 
 `` and was it ? '' 
 `` it was , '' charlotte said . 
 `` he raised the demon marax . 
 it proceeded to slaughter him , and all of his family . '' 
 her tone was matter-of-fact . 
 `` we found most of them hanging headless , upside down in the carriage house . 
 the youngest of his children was roasting on a spit over the fire . 
 we never did find marax . '' 
 mortmain had paled , but retained his composure . 
 `` there are always those who overreach their abilities , '' he said . 
 `` but i - '' `` but you would never be so foolish , '' charlotte said . 
 `` save that you are , at this very moment , being that foolish . 
 you look at henry and myself and you are not afraid of us . 
 you are amused ! 
 a fairy tale come to life ! '' 
 she slammed her hand down hard on the edge of his desk , making him jump . 
 `` the might of the clave stands behind us , '' she said , in as cold a tone as she could muster . 
 `` our mandate is to protect humans . 
 such as nathaniel gray . 
 he has vanished , and something occult is clearly behind that vanishing . 
 and here we find his erstwhile employer , clearly steeped in matters of the occult . 
 it beggars belief that the two facts are not connected . '' 
 `` i-he-mr . 
 gray has vanished ? '' 
 mortmain stammered . 
 `` he has . 
 his sister came to us , searching for him ; she had been informed by a pair of warlocks that he was in grave danger . 
 while you , sir , are amusing yourself , he may be dying . 
 and the clave does not look kindly on those who stand in the way of its mandate . '' 
 mortmain passed a hand over his face . 
 when he emerged from behind it , he looked gray . 
 `` i shall , of course , '' he said , `` tell you whatever you want to know . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 charlotte 's heart was beating fast , but her voice betrayed no anxiety . 
 `` i used to know his father . 
 nathaniel 's father . 
 i employed him almost twenty years ago when mortmain 's was mainly a shipping concern . 
 i had offices in hong kong , shanghai , tianjin - '' he broke off as charlotte tapped her fingers impatiently on the desk . 
 `` richard gray worked for me here in london . 
 he was my head clerk , a kind and clever man . 
 i was sorry to lose him when he moved his family to america . 
 when nathaniel wrote to me and told me who he was , i offered him a job on the spot . '' 
 `` mr. mortmain . '' 
 charlotte 's voice was steely . 
 `` this is not germane - '' `` oh , but it is , '' the small man insisted . 
 `` you see , my knowledge of the occult has always been of assistance to me in business matters . 
 some years ago , for instance , a well-known lombard street bank collapsed-destroyed dozens of large companies . 
 my acquaintance with a warlock helped me avoid disaster . 
 i was able to withdraw my funds before the bank dissolved , and that saved my company . 
 but it raised richard 's suspicions . 
 he must have investigated , for eventually he confronted me with his knowledge of the pandemonium club . '' 
 `` you are a member , then , '' charlotte murmured . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i offered richard membership in the club-even took him to a meeting or two-but he was uninterested . 
 shortly after that he moved his family to america . '' 
 mortmain spread his hands wide . 
 `` the pandemonium club is not for everyone . 
 traveling widely as i have , i heard stories of similar organizations in many cities , groups of men who know of the shadow world and wish to share their knowledge and advantages , but one pays the heavy price of secrecy for membership . '' 
 `` one pays a heavier price than that . '' 
 `` it is n't an evil organization , '' mortmain said . 
 he sounded almost wounded . 
 `` there were many great advancements , many great inventions . 
 i saw a warlock create a silver ring that could transport the wearer to another location whenever he twisted one around his finger . 
 or a doorway that could bring you anywhere in the world you wanted to go . 
 i 've seen men brought back from the brink of death - '' `` i 'm aware of magic and what it can do , mr. mortmain . '' 
 charlotte glanced at henry , who was examining a blueprint for some sort of mechanical gadget , mounted on a wall . 
 `` there is one question that concerns me . 
 the warlocks who appear to have kidnapped mr. gray are somehow associated with the club . 
 i have always heard it called a club for mundanes . 
 why would there be downworlders in it ? '' 
 mortmain 's forehead creased . 
 `` downworlders ? 
 you mean the supernatural folk-warlocks and lycanthropes and the like ? 
 there are levels and levels of membership , mrs. branwell . 
 a mundane such as myself can become a member of the club . 
 but the chairmen-those who run the enterprise-they are downworlders . 
 warlocks , lycanthropes , and vampires . 
 the fair folk shun us , though . 
 too many captains of industry-railroads , factories , and the like-for them . 
 they hate such things . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` lovely creatures , faeries , but i do fear progress will be the death of them . '' 
 charlotte was uninterested in mortmain 's thoughts on faeries ; her mind was whirling . 
 `` let me guess . 
 you introduced nathaniel gray to the club , exactly as you had introduced his father . '' 
 mortmain , who had seemed to be regaining a bit of his old confidence , wilted again . 
 `` nathaniel had worked in my office in london for only a few days before he confronted me . 
 i gathered he had learned of his father 's experience at the club , and it had given him a fierce desire to know more . 
 i could n't refuse . 
 i brought him to a meeting and thought that would be the end of it . 
 but it was n't . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nathaniel took to the club like a duck to water . 
 a few weeks after that first meeting , he was gone from his lodging house . 
 he sent a letter for me , terminating his employment and saying he was going to work for another pandemonium club member , someone who apparently was willing to pay him enough to sustain his gambling habits . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` needless to say , he left no forwarding address . '' 
 `` and that 's all ? '' 
 charlotte 's voice rose in disbelief . 
 `` you did n't try to look for him ? 
 find out where he had gone ? 
 who his new employer was ? '' 
 `` a man can take employment where he likes , '' mortmain said , blustering . 
 `` there was no reason to think - '' `` and you have n't seen him since ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i told you - '' charlotte cut him off . 
 `` you say he took to the pandemonium club like a duck to water , yet you have n't seen him at a single meeting since he left your employment ? '' 
 a look of panic flickered in mortmain 's eyes . 
 `` i ... i have not been to a meeting since then myself . 
 work has kept me extremely busy . '' 
 charlotte looked hard at axel mortmain across his massive desk . 
 she was a good judge of character , she had always thought . 
 it was n't as if she had n't come across men like mortmain before . 
 bluff , genial , confident men , men who believed that their success in business or some other worldly pursuit meant that they would have the same success should they choose to pursue the magical arts . 
 she thought of the barrister again , the walls of his knightsbridge house painted scarlet with the blood of his family . 
 she thought what his terror might have been like , in those last moments of his life . 
 she could see the beginnings of a similar fear in axel mortmain 's eyes . 
 `` mr. mortmain , '' she said , `` i am not a fool . 
 i know there is something you are concealing from me . '' 
 she took from her reticule one of the cogs that will had retrieved from the dark sisters ' house , and set it on the desk . 
 `` this looks like something your factories might produce . '' 
 with a distracted look mortmain glanced down at the small piece of metal on his desk . 
 `` yes-yes , that 's one of my cogs . 
 what of it ? '' 
 `` two warlocks calling themselves the dark sisters-both members of the pandemonium club-they 've been murdering humans . 
 young girls . 
 barely more than children . 
 and we found this in the cellar of their home . '' 
 `` i 've nothing to do with any murders ! '' 
 mortmain exclaimed . 
 `` i never-i thought - '' he had begun to sweat . 
 `` what did you think ? '' 
 charlotte 's voice was soft . 
 mortmain picked up the cog in shaking fingers . 
 `` you ca n't imagine ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 `` a few months ago one of the club 's board members-a downworlder , and very old and powerful-came to me and asked me to sell him some mechanical equipment cheaply . 
 cogs and cams and the like . 
 i did n't ask what it was for-why would i ? 
 there seemed nothing remarkable about the request . '' 
 `` by any chance , '' charlotte said , `` was this the same man whose employment nathaniel joined after he left yours ? '' 
 mortmain dropped the cog . 
 as it rolled across the table , he slammed his hand down on top of it , halting its progress . 
 though he said nothing , charlotte could tell by the flicker of fear in his eyes that her guess was correct . 
 a tingle of triumph ran through her nerves . 
 `` his name , '' she said . 
 `` tell me his name . '' 
 mortmain was staring at the desk . 
 `` it would be worth my life to tell you . '' 
 `` what about nathaniel gray 's life ? '' 
 said charlotte . 
 without meeting her eyes mortmain shook his head . 
 `` you 've no idea how powerful this man is . 
 how dangerous . '' 
 charlotte straightened up . 
 `` henry , '' she said . 
 `` henry , bring me the summoner . '' 
 henry turned away from the wall and blinked at her in confusion . 
 `` but , darling - '' `` bring me the device ! '' 
 charlotte snapped . 
 she loathed snapping at henry ; it was like kicking a puppy . 
 but sometimes it had to be done . 
 the look of confusion did n't leave henry 's face as he joined his wife before mortmain 's desk , and drew something from his jacket pocket . 
 it was a dark metal oblong , with a series of peculiar-looking dials across the face of it . 
 charlotte took it and brandished it at mortmain . 
 `` this is a summoner , '' she told him . 
 `` it will allow me to summon the clave . 
 inside of three minutes they will surround your house . 
 nephilim will drag you from this room , screaming and kicking . 
 they will perform upon you the most exquisite tortures until you are forced to speak . 
 do you know what happens to a man when demon blood is dripped into his eyes ? '' 
 mortmain gave her a ghastly look , but said nothing . 
 `` please do n't test me , mr. mortmain . '' 
 the device in charlotte 's hand was slippery with sweat , but her voice was even . 
 `` i would hate to watch you die . '' 
 `` good lord , man , tell her ! '' 
 henry burst out . 
 `` really , there 's no need for this , mr. mortmain . 
 you 're only making it harder on yourself . '' 
 mortmain covered his face with his hands . 
 he had always wanted to meet real shadowhunters , charlotte thought , looking at him . 
 and now he had . 
 `` de quincey , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know his first name . 
 just de quincey . '' 
 by the angel . 
 charlotte exhaled slowly , lowering the device to her side . 
 `` de quincey ? 
 it ca n't be ... '' `` you know who he is ? '' 
 mortmain 's voice was dull . 
 `` well , i suppose you would . '' 
 `` he 's the head of a powerful london vampire clan , '' charlotte said almost reluctantly , `` a very influential downworlder , and an ally of the clave . 
 i ca n't imagine that he would - '' `` he 's the head of the club , '' said mortmain . 
 he looked exhausted , and a little gray . 
 `` everyone else answers to him . '' 
 `` the head of the club . 
 has he a title ? '' 
 mortmain looked faintly surprised to be asked . 
 `` the magister . '' 
 with a hand that shook only slightly , charlotte slipped the device she had been holding into her sleeve . 
 `` thank you , mr. mortmain . 
 you 've been most helpful . '' 
 mortmain looked at her with a sort of drained resentment . 
 `` de quincey will find out that i 've told you . 
 he 'll have me killed . '' 
 `` the clave will see that he does not . 
 and we will keep your name out of this . 
 he shall never know you spoke to us . '' 
 `` you would do that ? '' 
 mortmain said softly . 
 `` for what was it-a foolish mundane ? '' 
 `` i have hopes for you , mr. mortmain . 
 you seem to have realized your own folly . 
 the clave will be watching you-not only for your own protection , but to see that you stay away from the pandemonium club and organizations like it . 
 for your own sake , i hope you will regard our meeting as a warning . '' 
 mortmain nodded . 
 charlotte moved to the door , henry behind her ; she already had it open and was standing on the threshold when mortmain spoke again . 
 `` they were only cogs , '' he said softly . 
 `` only gears . 
 harmless . '' 
 it was henry , to charlotte 's surprise , who replied , without turning , `` inanimate objects are harmless indeed , mr. mortmain . 
 but one can not always say the same of the men who use them . '' 
 mortmain was silent as the two shadowhunters left the room . 
 a few moments later they were out in the square , breathing fresh air-as fresh as the air of london ever was . 
 it might be thick with coal smoke and dust , charlotte thought , but at least it was free of the fear and desperation that had hung like a haze in mortmain 's study . 
 drawing the device from her sleeve , charlotte offered it to her husband . 
 `` i suppose i ought to ask you , '' she said as he received it with a grave expression , `` what is that object , henry ? '' 
 `` something i 've been working on . '' 
 henry looked at it fondly . 
 `` a device that can sense demon energies . 
 i was going to call it a sensor . 
 i have n't got it working yet , but when i do ! '' 
 `` i 'm sure it will be splendid . '' 
 henry transferred his fond expression from the device to his wife , a rare occurrence . 
 `` what pure genius , charlotte . 
 pretending you could summon the clave on the spot , just to frighten that man ! 
 but how did you know i 'd have a device you could put to your uses ? '' 
 `` well , you did , darling , '' said charlotte . 
 `` did n't you ? '' 
 henry looked sheepish . 
 `` you are as terrifying as you are wonderful , my dear . '' 
 `` thank you , henry . '' 
 the ride back to the institute was a silent one ; jessamine stared out the window of the cab at the snarling london traffic and refused to say a word . 
 she held her parasol across her lap , seemingly indifferent to the fact that the blood on its edges was staining her taffeta jacket . 
 when they reached the churchyard , she let thomas help her down from the carriage before reaching to grip tessa 's hand . 
 surprised at the contact , tessa could only stare . 
 jessamine 's fingers in hers were icy . 
 `` come along , '' jessamine snapped impatiently , and pulled her companion toward the institute doors , leaving thomas staring after them . 
 tessa let the other girl draw her up the stairs , into the institute proper , and down a long corridor , this one almost identical to the one outside tessa 's bedroom . 
 jessamine located a door , pushed tessa through it , and followed , shutting the door behind them . 
 `` i want to show you something , '' she said . 
 tessa looked around . 
 it was another of the large bedrooms of which the institute seemed to have an infinite number . 
 jessamine 's , though , had been decorated somewhat to her taste . 
 above the wooden wainscoting the walls were papered in rose silk , and the coverlet on the bed was printed with flowers . 
 there was a white vanity table too , its surface covered with an expensive-looking dressing table set : a ring stand , a bottle of flower water , and a silver-backed hairbrush and mirror . 
 `` your room is lovely , '' tessa said , more in hopes of calming jessamine 's evident hysteria than because she meant it . 
 `` it 's much too small , '' jessamine said . 
 `` but come-over here . '' 
 and flinging the bloodied parasol down onto her bed , she marched across the room to a corner by the window . 
 tessa followed with some puzzlement . 
 there was nothing in the corner but a high table , and on the table was a dollhouse . 
 not the sort of two-room cardboard dolly 's playhouse that tessa had had as a child . 
 this was a beautiful miniature reproduction of a real london town house , and when jessamine touched it , tessa saw that the front of it swung open on tiny hinges . 
 tessa caught her breath . 
 there were beautiful tiny rooms perfectly decorated with miniature furniture , everything built to scale , from the little wooden chairs with needlepoint cushions to the cast-iron stove in the kitchen . 
 there were small dolls , too , with china heads , and real little oil paintings on the walls . 
 `` this was my house . '' 
 jessamine knelt down , bringing herself to eye level with the dollhouse rooms , and gestured for tessa to do the same . 
 awkwardly , tessa did , trying not to kneel on jessamine 's skirts . 
 `` you mean this was the dollhouse you had when you were a little girl ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jessamine sounded irritated . 
 `` this was my house . 
 my father had this made for me when i was six . 
 it 's modeled exactly on the house we lived in , on curzon street . 
 this was the wallpaper we had in the dining room '' - she pointed - `` and those are exactly the chairs in my father 's study . 
 you see ? '' 
 she looked at tessa intently , so intently that tessa felt sure she was supposed to be seeing something here , something beyond an extremely expensive toy that jessamine should have long ago grown out of . 
 she simply did n't know what that could be . 
 `` it 's very pretty , '' she said finally . 
 `` see , here in the parlor is mama , '' said jessamine , touching one of the tiny dolls with her finger . 
 the doll wobbled in its plush armchair . 
 `` and here in the study , reading a book , is papa . '' 
 her hand glided over the little porcelain figure . 
 `` and upstairs in the nursery is baby jessie . '' 
 inside the little crib there was indeed another doll , only its head visible above tiny coverlets . 
 `` later they 'll have dinner here , in the dining room . 
 and then mama and papa will sit in the drawing room by the fire . 
 some nights they go to the theater , or to a ball or a dinner . '' 
 her voice had grown hushed , as if she were reciting a well-remembered litany . 
 `` and then mama will kiss papa good night , and they will go to their rooms , and they will sleep all night long . 
 there will be no calls from the clave that drive them out in the middle of the night to fight demons in the dark . 
 there will be no one tracking blood into the house . 
 no one will lose an arm or an eye to a werewolf , or have to choke down holy water because a vampire attacked them . '' 
 dear god , tessa thought . 
 as if jessamine could read tessa 's mind , her face twisted . 
 `` when our house burned , i had nowhere else to go . 
 it was n't as if there were relations that could take me in ; all of mama and papa 's relations were shadowhunters and had n't spoken to them since they 'd broken with the clave . 
 henry is the one who made me that parasol . 
 did you know that ? 
 i thought it was quite pretty until he told me that the fabric is edged with electrum , as sharp as a razor . 
 it was always meant to be a weapon . '' 
 `` you saved us , '' tessa said . 
 `` in the park today . 
 i ca n't fight at all . 
 if you had n't done what you did - '' `` i should n't have done it . '' 
 jessamine stared into the dollhouse with empty eyes . 
 `` i will not have this life , tessa . 
 i will not have it . 
 i do n't care what i have to do . 
 i wo n't live like this . 
 i 'd rather die . '' 
 alarmed , tessa was about to tell her not to talk like that , when the door opened behind them . 
 it was sophie , in her white cap and neat dark dress . 
 her eyes , when they rested on jessamine , were wary . 
 she said , `` miss tessa , mr. branwell very much wants to see you in his study . 
 he says it 's important . '' 
 tessa turned to jessamine to ask her if she would be all right , but jessamine 's face had closed like a door . 
 the vulnerability and anger were gone ; the cold mask was back . 
 `` go along , then , if henry wants you , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm quite tired of you already , and i think i 'm getting a headache . 
 sophie , when you return , i 'll need you to massage my temples with eau de cologne . '' 
 sophie 's eyes met tessa 's across the room with something like amusement . 
 `` as you like , miss jessamine . '' 
 7 the clockwork girl but helpless pieces of the game he plays upon this chequer-board of nights and days hither and thither moves , and checks and slays . 
 - `` the rubaiyat of omar khayyam , '' translated by edward fitzgerald , 1859 it had grown dark outside the institute , and sophie 's lantern cast strange dancing shadows on the walls as she led tessa down one flight of stone stairs after another . 
 the steps were old , concave in the centers , where generations of feet had worn them down . 
 the walls were roughly textured stone , the tiny windows set into them at intervals giving way eventually to blankness that seemed to indicate that they had passed belowground . 
 `` sophie , '' tessa said finally , her nerves rubbed raw by the darkness and silence , `` are we going down into the church crypt , by any chance ? '' 
 sophie chuckled , and the lights of the lantern flickered on the walls . 
 `` it used to be the crypt , before mr. branwell had it fixed up into a laboratory for himself . 
 he 's always down there , tinkering with his toys and his experiments . 
 it does n't half drive mrs. branwell wild . '' 
 `` what 's he making ? '' 
 tessa nearly tripped over an uneven stair , and had to grab for the wall to right herself . 
 sophie did n't appear to notice . 
 `` all sorts of things , '' sophie said , her voice echoing strangely off the walls . 
 `` inventing new weapons , protective gear for the shadowhunters . 
 he loves clockwork and mechanisms and that sort of thing . 
 mrs. branwell sometimes says she thinks he 'd love her better if she ticked like a clock . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` it sounds , '' tessa said , `` as if you 're fond of them . 
 mr. and mrs. branwell , i mean . '' 
 sophie said nothing , but the already proud set of her back seemed to harden slightly . 
 `` fonder of them than you are of will , anyway , '' tessa said , hoping to soften the other girl 's mood with humor . 
 `` him . '' 
 the disgust was plain in sophie 's voice . 
 `` he 's - well , he 's a bad sort , is n't he ? 
 reminds me of the son of my last employer . 
 he was proud just like mr. herondale . 
 and whatever he wanted , he got , from the day he was born . 
 and if he did n't get it , well ... '' she reached up then , almost unconsciously , and touched the side of her face , where the scar ran from mouth to temple . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 but sophie 's brusque manner was back . 
 `` then he 'd be like to pitch a fit , that 's all . '' 
 transferring her glowing lantern from one hand to the other , she peered down into the shadowy darkness . 
 `` be careful here , miss . 
 the stairs can get awfully damp and slippery toward the bottom . '' 
 tessa moved closer to the wall . 
 the stone was cold against her bare hand . 
 `` do you think it 's simply because will 's a shadowhunter ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 `` and they - well , they rather think they 're superior , do n't they ? 
 jessamine , too - '' `` but mr. carstairs is not like that . 
 he is n't at all like the others . 
 and neither are mr. and mrs. branwell . '' 
 before tessa could say anything else , they came to an abrupt stop at the foot of the stairs . 
 there was a heavy oak door there with a barred grille set into it ; tessa could see nothing through the grille but shadows . 
 sophie reached for the wide iron bar across the door and pushed it down , hard . 
 the door swung open onto an enormous brightly lit space . 
 tessa moved into the room with wide eyes ; this had clearly been the crypt of the church that had originally stood on this spot . 
 squat pillars held up a roof that disappeared into darkness . 
 the floor was made up of great stone slabs darkened with age ; some were carved with words , and tessa guessed that she stood on the gravestones-and the bones-of those who had been buried in the crypt . 
 there were no windows , but the bright white illumination that tessa had come to know as witchlight shone down from brass fixtures fastened to the pillars . 
 in the center of the room were a number of large wooden tables , their surfaces covered with all manner of mechanical objects-gears and cogs made of dully shining brass and iron ; long strings of copper wire ; glass beakers filled with liquids of different colors , some of them giving off wisps of smoke or bitter odors . 
 the air smelled metallic and sharp , like the air before a storm . 
 one table was entirely covered with a scatter of weapons , the blades shining under the witchlight . 
 there was a half-finished suit of what looked like thinly scaled metal armor , hanging on a wire frame by a great stone table whose surface was concealed by a lumpy cluster of thick woolen blankets . 
 behind the table stood henry , and beside him , charlotte . 
 henry was showing his wife something he held in his hand-a copper wheel , perhaps a gear-and was speaking to her in a low voice . 
 he wore a loose canvas shirt over his clothes , like a fisherman 's smock , and it was smeared with dirt and dark fluid . 
 still , what struck tessa most about him was the assurance with which he spoke to charlotte . 
 there was none of his usual diffidence . 
 he sounded confident and direct , and his hazel eyes , when he raised them to look at tessa , were clear and steady . 
 `` miss gray ! 
 so sophie showed you the way down here , did she ? 
 very good of her . '' 
 `` why , yes , she - , '' tessa began , glancing behind her , but sophie was not there . 
 she must have turned at the door and gone soundlessly back up the stairs . 
 tessa felt foolish for not having noticed . 
 `` she did , '' she finished . 
 `` she said that you wanted to see me ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' henry said . 
 `` we could use your help with something . 
 could you come over here for a moment ? '' 
 he gestured for her to join him and charlotte by the table . 
 as tessa approached , she saw that charlotte 's face was white and pinched , her brown eyes shadowed . 
 she looked at tessa , bit her lip , and glanced down toward the table , where the heaped fabric-moved . 
 tessa blinked . 
 had she imagined it ? 
 but no , there had been a flicker of movement-and now that she was closer , she saw that what was on the table was not so much a pile of fabric as fabric covering something-something approximately the size and shape of a human body . 
 she stopped in her tracks , as henry reached out , took hold of a corner of the fabric , and drew it away , revealing what lay beneath . 
 tessa , feeling suddenly dizzy , reached to grasp the edge of the table . 
 `` miranda . '' 
 the dead girl lay on her back on the table , her arms flung out to either side , her dull brown hair straggling down around her shoulders . 
 the eyes that had so unnerved tessa were gone . 
 now there were hollow black sockets in her white face . 
 her cheap dress had been cut open down the front , baring her chest . 
 tessa winced , looked away-and then looked back quickly , in disbelief . 
 for there was no naked flesh , and no blood , despite the fact that miranda 's chest had been sliced open down the front , her skin peeled back on either side like the skin of an orange . 
 beneath the grotesque mutilation gleamed the brightness of-metal ? 
 tessa moved forward until she was standing across from henry at the table where miranda lay . 
 where there should have been blood , torn flesh , and mutilation , there were only the two sheets of white skin folded back , and beneath them a carapace of metal . 
 sheets of copper , intricately fitted together , made up her chest , flowing smoothly down into a jointed cage of copper and flexible brass that was miranda 's waist . 
 a square of copper , about the size of tessa 's palm , was missing from the center of the dead girl 's chest , revealing a hollow space . 
 `` tessa . '' 
 charlotte 's voice was soft but insistent . 
 `` will and jem found this-this body in the house where you were kept . 
 the house was completely empty except for her ; she 'd been left in a room , alone . '' 
 tessa , still staring in fascination , nodded . 
 `` miranda . 
 the sisters ' maidservant . '' 
 `` do you know anything about her ? 
 who she might be ? 
 her history ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 i thought ... i mean , she hardly ever spoke , and then she only repeated things the sisters had said . '' 
 henry hooked a finger into miranda 's lower lip and pulled her mouth open . 
 `` she has a rudimentary metal tongue , but her mouth was never really constructed for speech , or for consuming food . 
 she has no gullet , and i would guess no stomach . 
 her mouth ends in a sheet of metal behind her teeth . '' 
 he turned her head from side to side , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` but what is she ? '' 
 tessa asked . 
 `` a sort of downworlder , or demon ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 henry let go of miranda 's jaw . 
 `` she is not precisely a living creature at all . 
 she is an automaton . 
 a mechanical creature , made to move and appear as a human being moves and appears . 
 leonardo da vinci designed one . 
 you can find it in his drawings-a mechanical creature that could sit up , walk , and turn its head . 
 he was the first to suggest that human beings are only complex machines , that our insides are like cogs and pistons and cams made of muscle and flesh . 
 so why could they not be replaced with copper and iron ? 
 why could n't you build a person ? 
 but this . 
 jaquet droz and maillardet could never have dreamed of this . 
 a true biomechanical automaton , self-moving , self-directing , wrapped in human flesh . '' 
 his eyes shone . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` henry . '' 
 charlotte 's voice was tight . 
 `` that flesh you 're admiring . 
 it came from somewhere . '' 
 henry passed the back of his hand across his forehead , the light dying out of his eyes . 
 `` yes-those bodies in the cellar . '' 
 `` the silent brothers have examined them . 
 most are missing organs-hearts , livers . 
 some are missing bones and cartilage , even hair . 
 we can not but assume the dark sisters were harvesting these bodies for parts to create their mechanical creatures . 
 creatures like miranda . '' 
 `` and the coachman , '' tessa said . 
 `` i think he was one as well . 
 but why would anyone do such a thing ? '' 
 `` there is more , '' charlotte said . 
 `` the mechanical tools in the dark sisters ' cellar were manufactured by mortmain and company . 
 the company your brother worked for . '' 
 `` mortmain ! '' 
 tessa tore her gaze from the girl on the table . 
 `` you went to see him , did n't you ? 
 what did he say about nate ? '' 
 for a moment charlotte hesitated , glancing at henry . 
 tessa knew that glance . 
 it was the sort of glance people gave each other when they were preparing to engage in a joint falsehood . 
 the sort of look she and nathaniel had given each other , once , when they 'd been concealing something from aunt harriet . 
 `` you 're hiding something from me , '' she said . 
 `` where 's my brother ? 
 what does mortmain know ? '' 
 charlotte sighed . 
 `` mortmain is deeply involved in the occult underworld . 
 he 's a member of the pandemonium club , which seems to be run by downworlders . '' 
 `` but what has that to do with my brother ? '' 
 `` your brother found out about the club and was fascinated by it . 
 he went to work for a vampire named de quincey . 
 a very influential downworlder . 
 de quincey is in fact the head of the pandemonium club . '' 
 charlotte sounded bitterly disgusted . 
 `` there is a title to go with the job , it seems . '' 
 feeling suddenly dizzy , tessa braced her hand against the edge of the table . 
 `` the magister ? '' 
 charlotte looked at henry , who had his hand inside the creature 's chest panel . 
 he reached in and drew something out-a human heart , red and fleshy , but hard and shiny-looking as if it had been lacquered . 
 it had been bound around with copper and silver wires . 
 every few moments it would give a listless thump . 
 somehow it was still beating . 
 `` would you like to hold it ? '' 
 he asked tessa . 
 `` you 'd have to be careful . 
 these copper tubes wind throughout the creature 's body , carrying oil and other flammable liquids . 
 i have yet to identify them all . '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` very well . '' 
 henry looked disappointed . 
 `` there was something i wished you to see . 
 if you 'll simply look here - '' he turned the heart carefully in his long fingers , revealing a flat metal panel on the opposite side of it . 
 the panel had been etched with a seal-a large q , a small d inside it . 
 `` de quincey 's mark , '' said charlotte . 
 she looked bleak . 
 `` i 've seen it before , on correspondence from him . 
 he 's always been an ally of the clave , or so i thought . 
 he was there at the accords when they were signed . 
 he 's a powerful man . 
 he controls all the night children in the western part of the city . 
 mortmain says that de quincey bought mechanical parts from him , and this would seem to bear that out . 
 it looks as if you were n't the only thing in the dark sisters ' house that was being prepared for the magister 's use . 
 these clockwork creatures were as well . '' 
 `` if this vampire is the magister , '' tessa said slowly , `` then he is the one who had the dark sisters capture me , and he is the one who forced nate to write me that letter . 
 he must know where my brother is . '' 
 charlotte almost smiled . 
 `` you are single-minded , are n't you . '' 
 tessa 's voice was hard . 
 `` do n't imagine that i do n't want to know what the magister wants with me . 
 why he had me captured and trained . 
 how on earth he knew i had my-my ability . 
 and do n't think i would n't want revenge if i could have it . '' 
 she took a shuddering breath . 
 `` but my brother is all i have . 
 i must find him . '' 
 `` we will find him , tessa , '' charlotte said . 
 `` somehow all of this-the dark sisters , your brother , your own ability , and de quincey 's involvement-fits together like a puzzle . 
 we simply have n't found all the missing bits of it yet . '' 
 `` i must say , i hope we find them soon , '' henry said , casting a sad glance at the body on the table . 
 `` what could a vampire want with a lot of half-mechanical people ? 
 none of this makes any sense . '' 
 `` not yet , '' said charlotte , and she set her small chin . 
 `` but it will . '' 
 henry remained in his laboratory even after charlotte had announced that it was past time for them to return upstairs for supper . 
 insisting that he would be along in five minutes , he waved them off absently as charlotte shook her head . 
 `` henry 's laboratory-i 've never seen anything like it , '' tessa said to charlotte when they were halfway up the stairs . 
 she was already out of breath , though charlotte was moving with a steady , purposeful gait and looked as if she would never tire . 
 `` yes , '' charlotte replied a little sadly . 
 `` henry would spend all day and all night there if i allowed it . '' 
 if i allowed it . 
 the words surprised tessa . 
 it was the husband , was n't it , who decided what was and was not allowed , and how his home should be run ? 
 the wife 's duty was simply to carry out his wishes , and to provide him with a calm and stable refuge from the chaos of the world . 
 a place he might retreat . 
 but the institute was hardly that . 
 it was part home , part boarding school , and part battle station . 
 and whoever might be in charge of it , it clearly was n't henry . 
 with an exclamation of surprise , charlotte stopped short on the step above tessa . 
 `` jessamine ! 
 what on earth 's the matter ? '' 
 tessa looked up . 
 jessamine stood at the head of the stairs , framed in the open doorway . 
 she still wore her day clothes , though her hair , now in elaborate ringlets , had clearly been arranged for evening , no doubt by the ever-patient sophie . 
 there was an immense scowl on her face . 
 `` it 's will , '' she said . 
 `` he 's being absolutely ridiculous in the dining room . '' 
 charlotte looked puzzled . 
 `` how is this different from his being totally ridiculous in the library or the weapons room or any of the other places he 's usually ridiculous ? '' 
 `` because , '' jessamine said , as if this should be obvious , `` we have to eat in the dining room . '' 
 she turned and flounced off down the hallway , glancing back over her shoulder to make sure that tessa and charlotte were following her . 
 tessa could n't help but smile . 
 `` it is a bit like they 're your children , is n't it ? '' 
 charlotte sighed . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` except for the part where they 're required to love me , i suppose . '' 
 tessa could think of nothing to say in reply to that . 
 * * * since charlotte insisted that there was something she had to do in the drawing room before supper , tessa made her way to the dining room by herself . 
 once she had arrived there-quite proud of herself for not having lost her way-she found that will was standing on one of the sideboards , tinkering with something attached to the ceiling . 
 jem was seated in a chair , looking up at will with a dubious expression . 
 `` it serves you right if you break it , '' he said , and inclined his head as he caught sight of tessa . 
 `` good evening , tessa . '' 
 following her stare , he grinned . 
 `` i was hanging the gasolier crookedly , and will is endeavoring to straighten it . '' 
 tessa could see nothing wrong with the gasolier , but before she could say so , jessamine stalked into the room and shot a glare at will . 
 `` really ! 
 ca n't you get thomas to do that ? 
 a gentleman need n't - '' `` is that blood on your sleeve , jessie ? '' 
 will inquired , glancing down . 
 jessamine 's face tightened . 
 without another word she turned on her heel and stalked to the far end of the table , where she set herself down in a chair and stared stonily ahead . 
 `` did something happen while you and jessamine were out ? '' 
 it was jem , looking genuinely worried . 
 as he turned his head to look at tessa , she saw something green gleam against the base of his throat . 
 jessamine looked over at tessa , a look of near panic on her face . 
 `` no , '' tessa began . 
 `` it was nothing - '' `` i 've done it ! '' 
 henry entered the room triumphantly , brandishing something in his hand . 
 it looked like a copper tube with a black button on one side . 
 `` i 'll wager you did n't think i could , did you ? '' 
 will abandoned his efforts with the gasolier to glare at henry . 
 `` none of us have the slightest idea what you 're on about . 
 you do know that ? '' 
 `` i 've gotten my phosphor to work at last . '' 
 henry proudly brandished the object . 
 `` it functions on the principle of witchlight but is five times more powerful . 
 merely press a button , and you will see a blaze of light the like of which you have never imagined . '' 
 there was a silence . 
 `` so , '' said will finally , `` it 's a very , very bright witchlight , then ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' henry said . 
 `` is that useful , precisely ? '' 
 jem inquired . 
 `` after all , witchlight is just for illumination . 
 it 's not as if it 's dangerous ... . '' 
 `` wait till you see it ! '' 
 henry replied . 
 he held up the object . 
 `` watch . '' 
 will moved to object , but it was too late ; henry had already pressed the button . 
 there was a blinding flare of light and a whooshing sound , and the room was plunged into blackness . 
 tessa gave a yelp of surprise , and jem laughed softly . 
 `` am i blind ? '' 
 will 's voice floated out of the darkness , tinged with annoyance . 
 `` i 'm not going to be at all pleased if you 've blinded me , henry . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 henry sounded worried . 
 `` no , the phosphor seems to - well , it seems to have turned all the lights in the room off . '' 
 `` it 's not supposed to do that ? '' 
 jem sounded mild , as always . 
 `` er , '' said henry , `` no . '' 
 will muttered something under his breath . 
 tessa could n't quite hear him , but was fairly sure she 'd caught the words `` henry '' and `` fatheaded . '' 
 a moment later there was an enormous crash . 
 `` will ! ' 
 someone cried out in alarm . 
 bright light filled the room , sending tessa into a fit of blinking . 
 charlotte was standing in the doorway , holding a witchlight lamp aloft in one hand , and will was lying on the floor at her feet in a welter of broken crockery from the sideboard . 
 `` what on earth ... '' `` i was trying to straighten the gasolier , '' will said crossly , sitting up and brushing crockery bits off his shirt . 
 `` thomas could have done that . 
 and now you 've gone and wrecked half the plates . '' 
 `` and much obliged to your idiot husband for that . '' 
 will looked down at himself . 
 `` i think i 've broken something . 
 the pain is quite agonizing . '' 
 `` you seem quite intact to me . '' 
 charlotte was remorseless . 
 `` get up . 
 i suppose we 'll be eating by witchlight tonight . '' 
 jessamine , down at the end of the table , sniffed . 
 it was the first noise she 'd made since will had asked her about the blood on her jacket . 
 `` i hate witchlight . 
 it makes my complexion look absolutely green . '' 
 despite jessamine 's greenness , tessa found she rather liked the witchlight . 
 it laid a diffuse white glow over everything and made even the peas and onions look romantic and mysterious . 
 as she buttered a dinner roll with a heavy silver knife , she could n't help but think of the small apartment in manhattan where she , her brother , and her aunt had eaten their meager suppers around a plain deal table by the light of a few candles . 
 aunt harriet had always been careful to keep everything so scrupulously clean , from the white lace curtains at the front windows to the shining copper kettle on the stove . 
 she had always said that the less you had , the more careful you had to be about everything you did have . 
 tessa wondered if the shadowhunters were careful about everything they had . 
 charlotte and henry were recounting what they had learned from mortmain ; jem and will listened attentively while jessamine gazed in boredom at the window . 
 jem seemed especially interested in the description of mortmain 's house , with its artifacts from all over the globe . 
 `` i told you , '' he said . 
 `` taipan . 
 they all think of themselves as very important men . 
 above the law . '' 
 `` yes , '' charlotte said . 
 `` he had that manner about him , as if he were used to being listened to . 
 men like that are often easy marks for those who want to draw them into the shadow world . 
 they are used to having power and expect to be able to get more power easily and with little cost to themselves . 
 they have no idea how high the price for power in downworld is . '' 
 she turned , frowning , to will and jessamine , who seemed to be quarreling about something in snappish tones . 
 `` what is the matter with you two ? '' 
 tessa took the opportunity to turn to jem , who was sitting on her right side . 
 `` shanghai , '' she said in a low voice . 
 `` it sounds so fascinating . 
 i wish i could travel there . 
 i 've always wanted to travel . '' 
 as jem smiled at her , she saw that gleam again at his throat . 
 it was a pendant carved out of dull green stone . 
 `` and now you have . 
 you 're here , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i 've only ever traveled before in books . 
 i know that sounds silly , but - '' jessamine interrupted them by slamming her fork down onto the table . 
 `` charlotte , '' she demanded shrilly , `` make will let me alone . '' 
 will was leaning back in his chair , his blue eyes glittering . 
 `` if she 'd say why she has blood on her clothes , i would leave her alone . 
 let me guess , jessie . 
 you ran across some poor woman in the park who had the misfortune of wearing a gown that clashed with yours , so you slit her throat with that clever little parasol of yours . 
 do i have it right ? '' 
 jessamine bared her teeth at him . 
 `` you 're being ridiculous . '' 
 `` you are , you know , '' charlotte told him . 
 `` i mean , i 'm wearing blue . 
 blue goes with everything , '' jessamine went on . 
 `` which , really , you ought to know . 
 you 're vain enough about your own clothes . '' 
 `` blue does not go with everything , '' will told her . 
 `` it does not go with red , for instance . '' 
 `` i have a red and blue striped waistcoat , '' henry interjected , reaching for the peas . 
 `` and if that is n't proof that those two colors should never be seen together under heaven , i do n't know what is . '' 
 `` will , '' charlotte said sharply . 
 `` do n't speak to henry like that . 
 henry - '' henry raised his head . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 charlotte sighed . 
 `` that 's jessamine 's plate you 're spooning peas onto , not yours . 
 do pay attention , darling . '' 
 as henry looked down in surprise , the dining room door opened and sophie came in . 
 her head was down , her dark hair shining . 
 as she bent to speak softly to charlotte , the witchlight cast its harsh glow over her face , making her scar gleam like silver against her skin . 
 a look of relief spread over charlotte 's face . 
 a moment later she had risen to her feet and hurried out of the room , pausing only to touch henry lightly on the shoulder as she went . 
 jessamine 's brown eyes widened . 
 `` where 's she going ? '' 
 will looked at sophie , his gaze sliding over her in that way that tessa knew was like fingertips stroking over your skin . 
 `` indeed , sophie , my dear . 
 where did she go ? '' 
 sophie shot him a venomous look . 
 `` if mrs. branwell had wanted you to know , i 'm sure she would have told you , '' she snapped , and hurried out of the room after her mistress . 
 henry , having set down the peas , attempted a genial smile . 
 `` well , then , '' he said . 
 `` what was it we were discussing ? '' 
 `` none of that , '' will said . 
 `` we want to know where charlotte 's gone . 
 did something happen ? '' 
 `` no , '' henry said . 
 `` i mean , i do n't think so - '' he glanced around the room , saw four pairs of eyes fixed on him , and sighed . 
 `` charlotte does n't always tell me what she 's doing . 
 you know that . '' 
 he smiled a little painfully . 
 `` ca n't blame her , really . 
 ca n't count on me to be sensible . '' 
 tessa wished she could say something to comfort henry . 
 something about him made her think of nate when he was younger , gawkish and awkward and easily hurt . 
 reflexively she put up her hand to touch the angel at her throat , seeking reassurance in its steady ticking . 
 henry looked over at her . 
 `` that clockwork object you wear around your neck-might i see it for a moment ? '' 
 tessa hesitated , then nodded . 
 it was only henry , after all . 
 she unhooked the clasp of the chain , drew off the necklace , and handed it to him . 
 `` this is a clever little object , '' he said , turning it over in his hands . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 `` it was my mother 's . '' 
 `` like a sort of talisman . '' 
 he glanced up . 
 `` would you mind if i examined it in the laboratory ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 tessa could n't hide her anxiety . 
 `` if you 're very careful with it . 
 it 's all i have of my mother 's . 
 if it were broken ... '' `` henry wo n't break or damage it , '' jem reassured her . 
 `` he 's really very good with this sort of thing . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' said henry , so modest and matter-of-fact about it that there seemed nothing conceited about the statement . 
 `` i 'll return it to you in pristine condition . '' 
 `` well ... '' tessa hesitated . 
 `` i do n't see what the fuss is , '' said jessamine , who had looked bored throughout this exchange . 
 `` it 's not like it has diamonds in it . '' 
 `` some people value sentiment over diamonds , jessamine . '' 
 it was charlotte , standing in the doorway . 
 she looked troubled . 
 `` there is someone here who wants to speak with you , tessa . '' 
 `` with me ? '' 
 tessa demanded , the clockwork angel forgotten for the moment . 
 `` well , who is it ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` must you keep us all in suspense ? '' 
 charlotte sighed . 
 `` it 's lady belcourt . 
 she 's downstairs . 
 in the sanctuary room . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 will frowned . 
 `` did something happen ? '' 
 `` i contacted her , '' said charlotte . 
 `` about de quincey . 
 just before supper . 
 i hoped she would have some information , and she does , but she insists on seeing tessa first . 
 it seems that despite all our precautions , rumors about tessa have leaked into downworld , and lady belcourt is ... interested . '' 
 tessa set her fork down with a clatter . 
 `` interested in what ? '' 
 she looked around the table , realizing that four pairs of eyes were now fixed on her . 
 `` who is lady belcourt ? '' 
 when no one replied , she turned to jem as the likeliest to give her an answer . 
 `` is she a shadowhunter ? '' 
 `` she 's a vampire , '' jem said . 
 `` a vampire informant , actually . 
 she gives information to charlotte and keeps us apprised of what 's going on in the night community . '' 
 `` you need n't speak to her if you do n't want to , tessa , '' charlotte said . 
 `` i can send her away . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tessa pushed her plate away . 
 `` if she 's well informed about de quincey , perhaps she knows something about nate as well . 
 i ca n't risk her being sent off if she might have information . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` do n't you even want to know what she wants from you ? '' 
 will asked . 
 tessa looked at him measuredly . 
 the witchlight made his skin paler , his eyes more intently blue . 
 they were the color of the water of the north atlantic , where the ice drifted on its blue-black surface like snow clinging to the dark glass pane of a window . 
 `` aside from the dark sisters , i 've never really met another downworlder , '' she said . 
 `` i think-that i would like to . '' 
 `` tessa - , '' jem began , but she was already on her feet . 
 not looking back at anyone at the table , she hurried out of the room after charlotte . 
 8 camille fruits fail and love dies and time ranges ; thou art fed with perpetual breath , and alive after infinite changes , and fresh from the kisses of death ; of langours rekindled and rallied , of barren delights and unclean , things monstrous and fruitless , a pallid and poisonous queen . 
 - algernon charles swinburne , `` dolores '' tessa was only halfway down the corridor when they caught up to her-will and jem , walking on either side of her . 
 `` you did n't really think we were n't going to come along , did you ? '' 
 will asked , raising his hand and letting the witchlight flare up between his fingers , lighting the corridor to daylight brightness . 
 charlotte , hurrying along ahead of them , turned and frowned , but said nothing . 
 `` i know you ca n't leave anything well enough alone , '' tessa replied , looking straight ahead . 
 `` but i thought better of jem . '' 
 `` where will goes , i go , '' jem said good-naturedly . 
 `` and besides , i 'm as curious as he is . '' 
 `` that hardly seems a subject for boasting . 
 where are we going ? '' 
 tessa added , startled , as they reached the end of the corridor and turned left . 
 the next hall stretched away behind them into unprepossessing shadow . 
 `` have we turned the wrong way ? '' 
 `` patience is a virtue , miss gray , '' said will . 
 they had reached a long corridor that sloped precipitously downward . 
 the walls were bare of tapestries or torches , and the dimness made tessa realize why will had carried his witchlight stone . 
 `` this corridor leads to our sanctuary , '' said charlotte . 
 `` it is the only part of the institute that is not on hallowed ground . 
 it is where we meet with those who , for whatever reason , can not enter hallowed ground : those who are cursed , vampires , and the like . 
 it is also often a place we choose to shelter downworlders who are in danger from demons or other denizens of the shadow world . 
 for that reason , there are many protections placed on the doors , and it is difficult to enter or exit the room without possessing either a stele or the key . '' 
 `` is it a curse ? 
 being a vampire ? '' 
 tessa asked . 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 we think it is a sort of demon disease . 
 most diseases that affect demons are not transmissible to human beings , but in some cases , usually through a bite or a scratch , the disease can be passed on . 
 vampirism . 
 lycanthropy - '' `` demon pox , '' said will . 
 `` will , there 's no such thing as demon pox , and you know it , '' charlotte said . 
 `` now , where was i ? '' 
 `` being a vampire is n't a curse . 
 it 's a disease , '' tessa filled in . 
 `` but they still ca n't enter hallowed ground , then ? 
 does that mean they 're damned ? '' 
 `` that depends on what you believe , '' said jem . 
 `` and whether you even believe in damnation at all . '' 
 `` but you hunt demons . 
 you must believe in damnation ! '' 
 `` i believe in good and evil , '' said jem . 
 `` and i believe the soul is eternal . 
 but i do n't believe in the fiery pit , the pitchforks , or endless torment . 
 i do not believe you can threaten people into goodness . '' 
 tessa looked at will . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what do you believe ? '' 
 `` pulvis et umbra sumus , '' said will , not looking at her as he spoke . 
 `` i believe we are dust and shadows . 
 what else is there ? '' 
 `` whatever you believe , please do n't suggest to lady belcourt that you think she 's damned , '' said charlotte . 
 she had come to a halt where the corridor ended in a set of high iron doors , each carved with a curious symbol that looked like two pairs of back-to-back cs . 
 she turned and looked at her three companions . 
 `` she has very kindly offered to help us , and there 's no purpose in offering her such insults . 
 that applies to you especially , will . 
 if you ca n't be polite , i 'll send you out of the sanctuary . 
 jem , i trust you to be your charming self . 
 tessa ... '' charlotte turned her grave , kind eyes on tessa . 
 `` try not to be frightened . '' 
 she drew an iron key from a pocket of her dress , and slid it into the lock of the door . 
 the head of the key was in the shape of an angel with outspread wings ; the wings gleamed out once , briefly , as charlotte turned the key , and the door swung open . 
 the room beyond was like the vault of a treasure-house . 
 there were no windows , and no doors save the one they had entered through . 
 enormous stone pillars held up a shadowed roof , illuminated by the light of a row of burning candelabras . 
 the pillars were carved all around with loops and scrolls of runes , forming intricate patterns that teased the eye . 
 huge tapestries hung down from the walls , each one slashed with the figure of a single rune . 
 there was a great gilt-framed mirror , too , making the place seem twice as large . 
 a massive stone fountain rose in the middle of the room . 
 it had a circular base , and in the center was the statue of an angel with folded wings . 
 rivers of tears poured from its eyes and plashed into the fountain below . 
 beside the fountain , between two of the massive pillars , stood a group of chairs upholstered in black velvet . 
 the woman who sat in the tallest of the chairs was slender and stately . 
 a hat was tipped forward on her head , balancing a massive black plume at its top . 
 her dress was of rich red velvet , her icy white skin swelling gently over the fitted bodice , though her chest never rose or fell with a breath . 
 a rope of rubies wound her throat like a scar . 
 her hair was thick and pale blond , clustered in delicate icy curls around her nape ; her eyes were a luminous green that shone like a cat 's . 
 tessa caught her breath . 
 so downworlders could be beautiful . 
 `` douse your witchlight , will , '' charlotte said under her breath , before hurrying forward to greet her guest . 
 `` so good of you to wait for us , baroness . 
 i trust you have found the sanctuary comfortable enough for your tastes ? '' 
 `` as always , charlotte . '' 
 lady belcourt sounded bored ; she had a faint accent that tessa could n't identify . 
 `` lady belcourt . 
 please let me introduce you to miss theresa gray . '' 
 charlotte indicated tessa , who , not knowing what else to do , inclined her head politely . 
 she was trying to remember how one addressed baronesses . 
 she rather thought it had something to do with whether they were married to barons or not , but she could n't exactly recall . 
 `` beside her is mr. james carstairs , one of our young shadowhunters , and with him is - '' but lady belcourt 's green eyes were already resting on will . 
 `` william herondale , '' she said , and smiled . 
 tessa tensed , but the vampire 's teeth seemed absolutely normal ; no sign of sharpened incisors . 
 `` fancy you coming to greet me . '' 
 `` you know each other ? '' 
 charlotte looked astonished . 
 `` william won twenty pounds from me at faro , '' said lady belcourt , her green gaze lingering on will in a way that made tessa 's neck prickle . 
 `` a few weeks ago , in a downworld gambling house run by the pandemonium club . '' 
 `` he did ? '' 
 charlotte looked at will , who shrugged . 
 `` it was part of the investigation . 
 i was disguised as a foolish mundane who had come to the place to partake in vice , '' explained will . 
 `` it would have aroused suspicion had i refused to gamble . '' 
 charlotte set her chin . 
 `` nevertheless , will , that money you won was evidence . 
 you should have given it to the clave . '' 
 `` i spent it on gin . '' 
 `` will . '' 
 will shrugged . 
 `` the spoils of vice are a burdensome responsibility . '' 
 `` yet one you seem strangely able to bear , '' observed jem , with an amused flash of his silvery eyes . 
 charlotte threw up her hands . 
 `` i will deal with you later , william . 
 lady belcourt , am i to understand that you also are a member of the pandemonium club ? '' 
 lady belcourt made a dreadful face . 
 `` certainly not . 
 i was at the gambling house that night because a warlock friend of mine was hoping to win a little easy money at cards . 
 the club 's events are open to most downworlders . 
 the members like us to appear there ; it impresses the mundanes and opens their pocketbooks . 
 i know there are downworlders running the enterprise , but i would never become one of them . 
 the entire business seems so declasse . '' 
 `` de quincey is a member , '' said charlotte , and behind her large brown eyes , tessa could see the light of her fierce intelligence . 
 `` i have been told he is the head of the organization , in fact . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 lady belcourt shook her head , clearly uninterested in this piece of information . 
 `` de quincey and i were close years ago , but no longer , and i have been direct with him about my lack of interest in the club . 
 i suppose he could be the head of the club ; it 's a ridiculous organization , if you ask me , but doubtless very lucrative . '' 
 she leaned forward , folding her slim gloved hands in her lap . 
 there was something oddly fascinating about her movements , even the smallest ones . 
 they had a strange animal grace . 
 it was like watching a cat as it slunk through the shadows . 
 `` the first thing you must understand about de quincey , '' she said , `` is that he is the most dangerous vampire in london . 
 he has made his way to the top of the city 's most powerful clan . 
 any vampire living within london is subject to his whim . '' 
 her scarlet lips thinned . 
 `` the second thing you must understand is that de quincey is old-old even for one of the night children . 
 he lived most of his life before the accords , and he loathes them , and loathes living beneath the yoke of the law . 
 and most of all , he hates the nephilim . '' 
 tessa saw jem lean in and whisper something to will , whose mouth quirked up at the corner in a smile . 
 `` indeed , '' will said . 
 `` how could anyone despise us when we are so charming ? '' 
 `` i am sure you know that you are not loved by most downworlders . '' 
 `` but we thought de quincey was an ally . '' 
 charlotte rested her thin nervous hands on the back of one of the velvet chairs . 
 `` he has always cooperated with the clave . '' 
 `` pretense . 
 it is in his interest to cooperate with you , so he does . 
 but he would happily see you all sunk fathoms below the sea . '' 
 charlotte had gone pale , but rallied . 
 `` and you know nothing of his involvement with two women called the dark sisters ? 
 nothing of his interest in automatons-mechanical creatures ? '' 
 `` ugh , the dark sisters . '' 
 lady belcourt shuddered . 
 `` such ugly , unpleasant creatures . 
 warlocks , i believe . 
 i avoided them . 
 they were known to provide for the members of the club who might have less ... savory interests . 
 demon drugs , downworld prostitutes , that sort of thing . '' 
 `` and the automatons ? '' 
 lady belcourt fluttered her delicate hands in a bored fashion . 
 `` if de quincey has some fascination with watch parts , i know nothing of it . 
 in fact , when you first contacted me about de quincey , charlotte , i had no intention of coming forward with any information at all . 
 it is one thing to share a few downworld secrets with the clave , another thing entirely to betray the most powerful vampire in london . 
 that was , until i heard about your little shape-shifter . '' 
 her green eyes came to rest on tessa . 
 the red lips smiled . 
 `` i can see the family resemblance . '' 
 tessa stared . 
 `` the resemblance to whom ? '' 
 `` why , to nathaniel , of course . 
 to your brother . '' 
 tessa felt as if ice water had been dumped down the back of her neck , shocking her to full alertness . 
 `` you 've seen my brother ? '' 
 lady belcourt smiled , the smile of a woman who knows she holds a room in the palm of her hand . 
 `` i saw him a few times at various pandemonium club occasions , '' she said . 
 `` he had that hapless look about him , poor creature , of a mundane under a spell . 
 probably gambled away everything he had . 
 they always do . 
 charlotte told me the dark sisters took him ; that does n't surprise me . 
 they love to drive a mundane into the ground with debt and then collect in the most shocking ways ... . '' 
 `` but he 's alive ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 `` you 've seen him alive ? '' 
 `` it was some time ago , but yes . '' 
 lady belcourt gave a wave of her hand . 
 her gloves were scarlet , and her hands looked as if they had been dipped in blood . 
 `` to return to the matter at hand , '' she said . 
 `` we were speaking of de quincey . 
 tell me , charlotte , did you know he holds parties at his town house in carleton square ? '' 
 charlotte took her hands off the chair back . 
 `` i 've heard it mentioned . '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' said will , `` it seems he neglected to invite us . 
 perhaps our invitations went astray in the post . '' 
 `` at these parties , '' lady belcourt went on , `` humans are tortured and killed . 
 i believe their bodies are dumped into the thames for the mudlarks to pick over . 
 now , did you know that ? '' 
 even will looked taken aback . 
 charlotte said , `` but the murder of humans by the night children is forbidden under the law - '' `` and de quincey despises the law . 
 he does this as much to mock the nephilim as because he enjoys the killing . 
 though he does enjoy that , make no mistake about it . '' 
 charlotte 's lips were bloodless . 
 `` how long has this been going on , camille ? '' 
 so that was her name , tessa thought . 
 camille . 
 it was a french-sounding name ; perhaps that explained her accent . 
 `` at least a year . 
 perhaps longer . '' 
 the vampire 's tone was cool , indifferent . 
 `` and you are telling me this only now because ... '' charlotte sounded hurt . 
 `` the price for revealing the secrets of the lord of london is death , '' camille said , her green eyes darkening . 
 `` and it would have done you no good , even if i had told you . 
 de quincey is one of your allies . 
 you have no reason and no excuse to burst into his home as if he were a common criminal . 
 not with no evidence of wrongdoing on his part . 
 my understanding is that , under these new accords , a vampire must actually be observed harming a human before the nephilim can take action ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said charlotte reluctantly , `` but if we had been able to attend one of the parties - '' camille let out a short laugh . 
 `` de quincey would never let that happen ! 
 at the first sight of a shadowhunter , he would have locked the place up tightly . 
 you would never have been permitted to enter . '' 
 `` but you could , '' charlotte said . 
 `` you could have brought one of us with you - '' the plume on camille 's hat trembled as she tossed her head . 
 `` and risk my own life ? '' 
 `` well , you 're not precisely alive , are you ? '' 
 said will . 
 `` i value my existence as much as you do , shadowhunter , '' said lady belcourt , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` a lesson you would do well to learn . 
 it could hardly hurt the nephilim to cease thinking that all those who do not live exactly as they do must therefore not truly live at all . '' 
 it was jem who spoke then , for what seemed like the first time since they had entered the room . 
 `` lady belcourt-if you 'll pardon my asking-what is it exactly that you want from tessa ? '' 
 camille looked directly at tessa then , her green eyes as brilliant as jewels . 
 `` you can disguise yourself as anyone , is that correct ? 
 a perfect disguise-appearance , voice , and manner ? 
 that 's what i have heard . '' 
 her lip curled . 
 `` i have my sources . '' 
 `` yes , '' tessa said hesitantly . 
 `` that is , i have been told the disguise is identical . '' 
 camille looked at her narrowly . 
 `` it would have to be perfect . 
 if you were to disguise yourself as me - '' `` as you ? '' 
 charlotte said . 
 `` lady belcourt , i do n't see - '' `` i see , '' said will immediately . 
 `` if tessa were disguised as lady belcourt , she could make her way into one of de quincey 's parties . 
 she could observe him breaking the law . 
 then the clave could attack , without shattering the accords . '' 
 `` quite the little strategist , you are . '' 
 camille smiled , revealing her white teeth once again . 
 `` and it would also provide a perfect opportunity to search de quincey 's residence , '' said jem . 
 `` see what we can discover about his interest in these automatons . 
 if he really has been murdering mundanes , there 's no reason to think that it was n't for more purposes than mere sport . '' 
 he gave charlotte a meaningful look , and tessa knew that he was thinking , as she was , of the bodies in the cellar of the dark house . 
 `` we would have to figure out some way to signal the clave from inside de quincey 's , '' will mused , his blue eyes already alight . 
 `` perhaps henry could devise something . 
 it would be invaluable to have a blueprint of the house 's construction - '' `` will , '' tessa protested . 
 `` i do n't - '' `` and of course you would n't be going alone , '' will said impatiently . 
 `` i would go with you . 
 i would n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 `` will , no , '' charlotte said . 
 `` you and tessa alone , in a house full of vampires ? 
 i forbid it . '' 
 `` then who would you send in with her , if not me ? '' 
 will demanded . 
 `` you know i can protect her , and you know i 'm the right choice - '' `` i could go . 
 or henry - '' camille , who had been watching all this with a look of mixed boredom and amusement , said , `` i 'm afraid i agree with william . 
 the only individuals admitted to these parties are de quincey 's close friends , vampires , and the human subjugates of vampires . 
 de quincey has seen will before , passing as a mundane fascinated by the occult ; he wo n't be surprised to find that he 's graduated to vampiric servitude . '' 
 human subjugate . 
 tessa had read of them in the codex : subjugates , or darklings , were mundanes who had sworn themselves to the service of a vampire . 
 for the vampire , they provided companionship and food , and in return received small transfusions of vampire blood at intervals . 
 this blood kept them bound to their vampire master , and also ensured that when they died , they would become vampires as well . 
 `` but will is only seventeen , '' charlotte protested . 
 `` most human subjugates are young , '' said will . 
 `` vampires like to acquire their subjugates when they 're youthful-prettier to look at , and less chance of diseased blood . 
 and they 'll live a bit longer , though not much . '' 
 he looked pleased with himself . 
 `` most of the rest of the enclave would n't be able to pass convincingly as a handsome young human subjugate - '' `` because the rest of us all are hideous , are we ? '' 
 jem inquired , looking amused . 
 `` is that why i ca n't do it ? '' 
 `` no , '' will said . 
 `` you know why it ca n't be you . '' 
 he said it without any inflection , and jem , after looking at him for a moment , shrugged and looked away . 
 `` i 'm truly not sure about this , '' charlotte said . 
 `` when is the next of these events set to happen , camille ? '' 
 `` saturday night . '' 
 charlotte took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'll have to speak to the enclave , before i can agree . 
 and tessa would have to agree as well . '' 
 everyone looked at tessa . 
 she licked her dry lips nervously . 
 `` you believe , '' she said to lady belcourt , `` that there 's a chance my brother might be there ? '' 
 `` i can not promise he will be there . 
 he might . 
 but someone there will likely know what has happened to him . 
 the dark sisters were regulars at de quincey 's parties ; doubtless they or their cohorts , if captured and interrogated , will yield you some answers . '' 
 tessa 's stomach churned . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' she said . 
 `` but i want to be promised that if nate is there , we 'll get him out , and if he is n't , we 'll find out where he is . 
 i want to make sure it 's not all about catching de quincey . 
 it must be about saving nate , too . '' 
 `` of course , '' charlotte said . 
 `` but i do n't know , tessa . 
 it will be very dangerous - '' `` have you ever changed yourself into a downworlder ? '' 
 will inquired . 
 `` do you even know if it 's something that would be possible ? '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` i 've never done anything like that . 
 but ... i could try . '' 
 she turned to lady belcourt . 
 `` could i have something of yours ? 
 a ring , or a handkerchief perhaps . '' 
 camille reached her hands behind her head , brushing aside the thick coils of silver-blond hair that lay against her neck , and unclasped her necklace . 
 letting it dangle from her slender fingers , she held it out to tessa . 
 `` here . 
 take this . '' 
 with a frown jem stepped forward to take the necklace , and then held it out to tessa . 
 she felt the weight of it as she took it from him . 
 it was heavy , and the square ruby pendant the size of a bird 's egg felt cold to the touch , as cold as if it had been lying in snow . 
 closing her hand around it was like closing her fingers around a shard of ice . 
 she took a sharp breath , and closed her eyes . 
 it was strange , different this time as the transformation took hold . 
 the darkness rose quickly , wrapping itself around her , and the light she saw in the distance was a cold silver glow . 
 the chill that flowed from the light was scalding . 
 tessa drew the light toward her , surrounding herself with its icy burning light , pushing herself through to the core of it . 
 the light rose in shimmering white walls around her - she felt a sharp pain then , in the center of her chest , and for a moment her vision went red-deep scarlet , the color of blood . 
 everything was blood-colored , and she began to panic , fighting her way free , her eyelids flying open - and she was there again , in the sanctuary room , with all the others staring at her . 
 camille was smiling slightly ; the others looked startled , if not as thunderstruck as they had when she had transformed into jessamine . 
 but something was terribly wrong . 
 there was a great hollow emptiness inside her-not pain , but a cavernous sense of something missing . 
 tessa choked , and a searing shock went through her . 
 she sank down into an armchair , her hands pressed against her chest . 
 she was trembling all over . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 jem sank down onto his heels beside the chair , taking one of her hands . 
 she could see herself in the mirror that hung on the opposite wall-or more accurately , she could see the image of camille . 
 camille 's shimmering pale hair , unpinned , rained down over her shoulders , and her white skin swelled and spilled over the bodice of tessa 's now too-tight dress in a way that would have made tessa flush-if she could have flushed . 
 but blushing required blood actually running in one 's veins , and she remembered , with a dawning terror , that vampires did not breathe , did not get hot or cold , and did not have hearts that beat in their chests . 
 so that was the hollowness , the strangeness that she felt . 
 her heart was still , in her chest like a dead thing . 
 she took another sobbing breath . 
 it hurt , and she realized that while she could breathe , her new body did not want or need to . 
 `` oh , god , '' she said in a soft whisper to jem . 
 `` i-my heart 's not beating . 
 i feel as if i 've died . 
 jem - '' he stroked her hand , carefully , soothingly , and looked up at her with his silver eyes . 
 the expression in them had not changed with the change in her ; he looked at her as he had before , as if she were still tessa gray . 
 `` you 're alive , '' he said , in a voice so soft only she could hear it . 
 `` you 're wearing a different skin , but you 're tessa , and you 're alive . 
 do you know how i know that ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` because you said the word ` god ' just now to me . 
 no vampire could say that . '' 
 he squeezed her hand . 
 `` your soul is still the same . '' 
 she closed her eyes and sat still for a moment , concentrating on the pressure of his hand on hers , his warm skin against hers that was icy cold . 
 slowly the trembling that shook her body began to fade ; she opened her eyes , and gave jem a faint , shaky smile . 
 `` tessa , '' said charlotte . 
 `` are you - is everything all right ? '' 
 tessa drew her eyes away from jem 's face and looked at charlotte , who was watching her with an anxious gaze . 
 will , beside charlotte , wore an unreadable expression . 
 `` you will have to practice a bit , moving and holding yourself , if you wish to convince de quincey that you are me , '' lady belcourt said . 
 `` i would never slump in a chair like that . '' 
 she tilted her head to the side . 
 `` still , overall , an impressive showing . 
 someone trained you well . '' 
 tessa thought of the dark sisters . 
 had they trained her well ? 
 had they done her a favor , unlocking this dormant power inside her , despite how much she had hated them and it ? 
 or would it have been better if she had never known that she was different ? 
 slowly she let go , let the camille skin slip away from her . 
 it felt as if she were rising up out of icy water . 
 her hand tightened on jem 's as the chill ran through her , head to toe , a freezing cascade . 
 something leaped inside her chest then . 
 like a bird that has lain stunned and motionless after flying into a window , only to gather its strength and leap from the ground to soar into the air , her heart began suddenly to beat again . 
 air filled her lungs , and she released jem , her hands flying to her chest , her fingers pressed against the skin to feel the soft rhythm beneath . 
 she looked in the mirror across the room . 
 she was herself again : tessa gray , not a miraculously beautiful vampire . 
 she felt an overwhelming relief . 
 `` my necklace ? '' 
 lady belcourt said coolly , and held out her slender hand . 
 jem took the ruby pendant from tessa to bring it to the vampire ; as he lifted it , tessa saw that there were words etched on the silver frame of the pendant : amor verus numquam moritur . 
 she looked across the room at will , she was n't sure why , only to find that he was looking back at her . 
 they both glanced hastily away . 
 `` lady belcourt , '' will said , `` since none of us have ever been in de quincey 's home , do you think it would be possible for you to provide a floor plan , or even a sketch of the grounds and rooms ? '' 
 `` i shall provide you with something better . '' 
 lady belcourt raised her arms to clasp the necklace around her throat . 
 `` magnus bane . '' 
 `` the warlock ? '' 
 charlotte 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` indeed , '' said lady belcourt . 
 `` he knows the town house as well as i do and is often invited to de quincey 's social events . 
 though , like me , he has formerly eschewed the parties at which murder is committed . '' 
 `` noble of him , '' muttered will . 
 `` he will meet you there , and guide you through the house . 
 no one there will be surprised to see us together . 
 magnus bane is my lover , you see . '' 
 tessa 's mouth opened slightly . 
 this was not the sort of thing ladies said in polite company , or any company . 
 but perhaps it was different for vampires ? 
 everyone else looked as stunned as she did , except will , who as usual looked as if he were trying not to laugh . 
 `` how nice , '' charlotte said at last , after a pause . 
 `` indeed it is , '' camille said , and rose to her feet . 
 `` and now , if someone will escort me out . 
 it grows late , and i have not yet fed . '' 
 charlotte , who was regarding tessa with concern , said , `` will , jem , if you 'll go ? '' 
 tessa watched as the two boys flanked camille like soldiers-which , she supposed , was what they were-and followed her from the room . 
 last through the door , the vampire paused and looked back over her shoulder . 
 her pale blond curls brushed her cheeks as she smiled ; she was so beautiful that tessa felt a sort of pang , looking at her , overriding her instinctive feeling of aversion . 
 `` if you do this , '' said camille , `` and you succeed-whether or not you find your brother-i can promise you , little shape-shifter , that you wo n't regret it . '' 
 tessa frowned , but camille was already gone . 
 she moved so fast that it was as though she had vanished between one breath and the next . 
 tessa turned toward charlotte . 
 `` what do you think she meant by that ? 
 that i wo n't regret it ? '' 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 'd like to think that she meant that the knowledge of a good deed done would console you , but it 's camille , so ... '' `` are all vampires like that ? '' 
 tessa asked . 
 `` cold like that ? '' 
 `` many of them have been alive a long time , '' charlotte said diplomatically . 
 `` they do n't see things the way we do . '' 
 tessa put her fingers to her aching temples . 
 `` indeed , they do n't . '' 
 of all the things that bothered will about vampires-the way they moved soundlessly , the low and inhuman timbre of their voices-it was the way they smelled that bothered him most . 
 or rather , the way they did n't smell . 
 all human beings smelled like something-sweat , soap , perfume-but vampires had no scent , like wax mannequins . 
 ahead of him , jem was holding the last of the doors that led from the sanctuary to the outer foyer of the institute . 
 all these spaces had been deconsecrated so that vampires and others of their ilk could use them , but camille could never come any farther into the institute than that . 
 escorting her out was more than a courtesy . 
 they were making sure she did n't accidentally wander onto consecrated ground , which would be dangerous for everyone involved . 
 camille brushed by jem , hardly looking at him , and will followed , pausing only long enough to mutter `` she does n't smell like anything '' to jem under his breath . 
 jem looked alarmed . 
 `` you 've been smelling her ? '' 
 camille , who was waiting by the next doorway for them , turned her head at this and smiled . 
 `` i can hear everything you say , you know , '' she said . 
 `` it is true , vampires have no scent . 
 it makes us better predators . '' 
 `` that , and excellent hearing , '' jem said , and let the door swing shut behind will . 
 they were standing in the small square entryway with camille now , her hand on the knob of the front door as if she meant to hurry out , but there was nothing hurried in her expression as she looked them over . 
 `` look at you both , '' she said , `` all black and silver . 
 you could be a vampire , '' she said to jem , `` with your pallor , and your looks . 
 and you , '' she said to will , `` well , i do n't think anyone at de quincey 's will doubt that you could be my human subjugate . '' 
 jem was looking at camille , with that look that will always thought could cut glass . 
 he said : `` why are you doing this , lady belcourt ? 
 this plan of yours , de quincey , all of it-why ? '' 
 camille smiled . 
 she was beautiful , will had to admit-but then , a lot of vampires were beautiful . 
 their beauty had always seemed to him like the beauty of pressed flowers-lovely , but dead . 
 `` because the knowledge of what he was doing weighed on my conscience . '' 
 jem shook his head . 
 `` perhaps you are the sort who would sacrifice yourself on the altar of principle , but i doubt it . 
 most of us do things for reasons that are more purely personal . 
 for love , or for hate . '' 
 `` or for revenge , '' will said . 
 `` after all , you 've known about what was going on for a year now , and you only just came to us . '' 
 `` that was because of miss gray . '' 
 `` yes , but that 's not all it is , is it ? '' 
 jem said . 
 `` tessa is your opportunity , but your reason , your motive , is something else . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side . 
 `` why do you hate de quincey so much ? '' 
 `` i do n't see what business it is of yours , little silver shadowhunter , '' camille said , and her lips had drawn back from her teeth , leaving her fangs visible , like bits of ivory against the red of her lips . 
 will knew that vampires could show their fangs at will , but it was still unnerving . 
 `` why does it matter what my motives are ? '' 
 will filled in the answer for jem , already knowing what the other boy had been thinking . 
 `` because otherwise we ca n't trust you . 
 perhaps you 're sending us into a trap . 
 charlotte would n't want to believe it , but that does n't make it not possible . '' 
 `` lead you into a trap ? '' 
 camille 's tone was mocking . 
 `` and incur the terrifying wrath of the clave ? 
 hardly likely ! '' 
 `` lady belcourt , '' said jem , `` whatever charlotte might have promised you , if you want our help , you will answer the question . '' 
 `` very well , '' she said . 
 `` i can see you will not be satisfied unless i give you an explanation . 
 you , '' she said , nodding toward will , `` are correct . 
 and you seem to know a curious amount about love and revenge for one so young ; we must discuss them someday , together . '' 
 she smiled again , but the smile did not reach her eyes . 
 `` i had a lover , you see , '' she said . 
 `` he was a shape-changer , a lycanthrope . 
 it is forbidden for the night children to love or to lie with the moon 's children . 
 we were careful , but de quincey found us out . 
 found us out and murdered him , in much the way he will be murdering some poor mundane prisoner at his next party . '' 
 her eyes shone like green lamps as she looked at them both . 
 `` i loved him , and de quincey murdered him , and the others of my kind helped and abetted him . 
 i will not forgive them for it . 
 kill them all . '' 
 the accords , now ten years old , marked a historic moment for both nephilim and downworlders . 
 no longer would the two groups strive to destroy each other . 
 they would be united against a common foe , the demon . 
 there were fifty men at the signing of the accords in idris : ten of the night children ; ten of lilith 's children , known as warlocks ; ten of the fair folk ; ten of the moon 's children ; and ten of raziel 's blood - tessa jerked awake at the sound of a knock on her door ; she had been half-drowsing on the pillow , her finger still keeping a place in the shadowhunter 's codex . 
 after setting the book down , she barely had time to sit up and draw the covers about herself before the door opened . 
 in came lamplight , and charlotte with it . 
 tessa felt an odd twinge , almost disappointment-but who else had she been expecting ? 
 despite the late hour , charlotte was dressed as if she planned to go out . 
 her face was very serious , and there were lines of tiredness below her dark eyes . 
 `` you 're awake ? '' 
 tessa nodded , and lifted the book she had been reading . 
 `` reading . '' 
 charlotte said nothing , but crossed the room and sat down at the foot of tessa 's bed . 
 she held out her hand . 
 something gleamed in her palm ; it was tessa 's angel pendant . 
 `` you left this with henry . '' 
 tessa set her book down and took the pendant . 
 she slipped the chain over her head , and felt reassured as the familiar weight settled against the hollow of her throat . 
 `` did he learn anything from it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 he said it was all clogged up on the inside with years of rust , that it was a wonder it was working at all . 
 he cleaned out the mechanism , though it does n't seem to have resulted in much of a change . 
 perhaps it ticks more regularly now ? '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 tessa did n't care ; she was just happy to have the angel , the symbol of her mother and her life in new york , back in her possession . 
 charlotte folded her hands in her lap . 
 `` tessa , there is something i have n't told you . '' 
 tessa 's heart began to beat faster . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` mortmain ... '' charlotte hesitated . 
 `` when i said that mortmain introduced your brother to the pandemonium club , that was true , but not the whole truth . 
 your brother already knew about the shadow world , before mortmain ever told him . 
 it seems he learned about it from your father . '' 
 stunned , tessa was silent . 
 `` how old were you when your parents died ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 `` it was an accident , '' tessa said , a little dazed . 
 `` i was three . 
 nate was six . '' 
 charlotte frowned . 
 `` so young for your father to confide in your brother , but ... i suppose it 's possible . '' 
 `` no , '' tessa said . 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 i had the most ordinary , the most human , upbringing imaginable . 
 aunt harriet , she was the most practical woman in the world . 
 and she would have known , would n't she ? 
 she was mother 's younger sister ; they brought her with them from london when they came to america . '' 
 `` people keep secrets , tessa , sometimes even from the ones they love . '' 
 charlotte brushed her fingers across the cover of the codex , with its embossed seal . 
 `` and you must admit , it does make sense . '' 
 `` sense ? 
 it does n't make any kind of sense ! '' 
 `` tessa ... '' charlotte sighed . 
 `` we do n't know why you have the ability that you do . 
 but if one of your parents was connected in some way to the magical world , does n't it make sense that that connection might have something to do with it ? 
 if your father was a member of the pandemonium club , is n't that how de quincey might have known about you ? '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 tessa spoke grudgingly . 
 `` it 's only ... i believed so strongly when i first came to london that everything that was happening to me was a dream . 
 that my life before had been real and this was a dreadful nightmare . 
 i thought that if only i could find nate , we could go back to the life we had before . '' 
 she raised her eyes to charlotte 's . 
 `` but now i can not help but wonder if perhaps the life i had before was the dream and all this was the truth . 
 if my parents knew of the pandemonium club-if they were part of the shadow world too-then there is no world i can go back to that will be clean of all this . '' 
 charlotte , her hands still folded in her lap , looked at tessa steadily . 
 `` have you ever wondered why sophie 's face is scarred ? '' 
 caught off guard , tessa could only stammer . 
 `` i-i wondered , but i-didn ' t like to ask . '' 
 `` nor should you , '' said charlotte . 
 her voice was cool and firm . 
 `` when i first saw sophie , she was crouched in a doorway , filthy , with a bloody rag clutched to her cheek . 
 she saw me as i went by , even though i was glamoured at the time . 
 that 's what drew my attention to her . 
 she has a touch of the sight , as do thomas and agatha . 
 i offered her money , but she would n't take it . 
 i wheedled her into accompanying me to a tea shop , and she told me what had happened to her . 
 she had been a parlor maid , in a fine house in st. john 's wood . 
 parlor maids , of course , are chosen for their looks , and sophie was beautiful-which turned out to be both a great advantage and a great disadvantage for her . 
 as you might imagine , the son of the house took an interest in seducing her . 
 she turned him away repeatedly . 
 in a rage , he took a knife and cut open her face , saying that if he could n't have her , he 'd make sure no one ever wanted her again . '' 
 `` how awful , '' tessa whispered . 
 `` she went to her mistress , the boy 's mother , but he claimed that she 'd tried to seduce him , and he 'd taken up the knife to fight her off and protect his virtue . 
 of course , they threw her out on the street . 
 by the time i found her , her cheek was badly infected . 
 i brought her here and had the silent brothers see to her , but while they cured the infection , they could n't heal the scar . '' 
 tessa put her hand to her own face in a gesture of unconscious sympathy . 
 `` poor sophie . '' 
 charlotte cocked her head to the side and looked at tessa out of her bright brown eyes . 
 she had such a strong presence , tessa thought , that it was hard to remember sometimes how physically small she was , how birdlike and tiny . 
 `` sophie has a gift , '' she said . 
 `` she has the sight . 
 she can see what others do not . 
 in her old life she often wondered if she was mad . 
 now she knows that she is not mad but special . 
 there , she was only a parlor maid , who would likely have lost her position once her looks had faded . 
 now she is a valued member of our household , a gifted girl with much to contribute . '' 
 charlotte leaned forward . 
 `` you look back on the life you had , tessa , and it seems safe to you in comparison to this one . 
 but you and your aunt were very poor , if i am not mistaken . 
 if you had not come to london , where would you have gone once she died ? 
 what would you have done ? 
 would you have found yourself weeping in an alley like our sophie ? '' 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` you have a power of incalculable value . 
 you need ask nothing of anyone . 
 you need depend on no one . 
 you are free , and that freedom is a gift . '' 
 `` it is hard to think of something as a gift when you have been tormented and imprisoned for it . '' 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` sophie said to me once that she was glad she had been scarred . 
 she said that whoever loved her now would love her true self , and not her pretty face . 
 this is your true self , tessa . 
 this power is who you are . 
 whoever loves you now-and you must also love yourself-will love the truth of you . '' 
 tessa picked up the codex and hugged it against her chest . 
 `` so you are saying i am right . 
 this is what is real , and the life i had before was the dream . '' 
 `` that is correct . '' 
 gently charlotte patted tessa 's shoulder ; tessa almost jumped at the contact . 
 it had been a long time , she thought , since anyone had touched her in such a motherly fashion ; she thought of aunt harriet , and her throat hurt . 
 `` and now it is time to wake up . '' 
 9 the enclave may make my heart as a millstone , set my face as a flint , cheat and be cheated , and die : who knows ? 
 we are ashes and dust . 
 - alfred , lord tennyson , `` maud '' `` try it again , '' will suggested . 
 `` simply walk from one end of the room to the other . 
 we 'll tell you if you look convincing . '' 
 tessa sighed . 
 her head throbbed , as did the backs of her eyes . 
 it was exhausting learning how to pretend to be a vampire . 
 it had been two days since lady belcourt 's visit , and tessa had spent almost every moment since then attempting to convincingly transform herself into the vampire woman , without enormous success . 
 she still felt as if she were sliding around on the surface of camille 's mind , unable to reach through and grasp hold of thoughts or personality . 
 it made it difficult to know how to walk , how to talk , and what sort of expressions she ought to be wearing when she met the vampires at de quincey 's party-whom , no doubt , camille knew very well , and whom tessa would be expected to know too . 
 she was in the library now , and had spent the last few hours since lunch practicing walking with camille 's odd gliding walk , and speaking with her careful drawling voice . 
 pinned at her shoulder was a jeweled brooch that one of camille 's human subjugates , a wrinkled little creature called archer , had brought over in a trunk . 
 there had been a dress , too , for tessa to wear to de quincey 's , but it was much too heavy and elaborate for daytime . 
 tessa made do with her own new blue and white dress , which was bothersomely too tight in the bosom and too loose in the waist whenever she changed into camille . 
 jem and will had set up camp on one of the long tables in the back of the library , ostensibly to help and advise her , but more likely , it seemed , to mock and be amused by her consternation . 
 `` you point your feet out too much when you walk , '' will went on . 
 he was busy polishing an apple on his shirtfront , and appeared not to notice tessa glaring at him . 
 `` camille walks delicately . 
 like a faun in the woods . 
 not like a duck . '' 
 `` i do not walk like a duck . '' 
 `` i like ducks , '' jem observed diplomatically . 
 `` especially the ones in hyde park . '' 
 he glanced sideways at will ; both boys were sitting on the edge of the high table , their legs dangling over the side . 
 `` remember when you tried to convince me to feed a poultry pie to the mallards in the park to see if you could breed a race of cannibal ducks ? '' 
 `` they ate it too , '' will reminisced . 
 `` bloodthirsty little beasts . 
 never trust a duck . '' 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 tessa demanded . 
 `` if you 're not going to help me , you might as well both leave . 
 i did n't let you stay here so that i could listen to you nattering on about ducks . '' 
 `` your impatience , '' said will , `` is most unladylike . '' 
 he grinned at her around the apple . 
 `` perhaps camille 's vampire nature is asserting itself ? '' 
 his tone was playful . 
 it was so odd , tessa thought . 
 only a few days ago he had snarled at her about his parents , and later had begged her to help him hide jem 's bloody coughing , his face burning with intensity as he did so . 
 and now he was teasing her as if she were a friend 's little sister , someone whom he knew casually , perhaps thought of with affection , but for whom he had no complex feelings at all . 
 tessa bit her lip-and winced at the unexpected sharp pain . 
 camille 's vampire teeth-her teeth-were ruled by an instinct she could n't understand . 
 they seemed to slide forward without warning or prompting , alerting her to their presence only by sudden bursts of pain as they punctured the fragile skin of her lip . 
 she tasted blood in her mouth-her own blood , salty and hot . 
 she pressed her fingertips to her mouth ; when she drew her hand away , her fingers were spotted with red . 
 `` leave it alone , '' said will , setting down his apple and rising to his feet . 
 `` you 'll find you heal very quickly . '' 
 tessa poked at her left incisor with her tongue . 
 it was flat again , an ordinary tooth . 
 `` i do n't understand what makes them come out like that ! '' 
 `` hunger , '' said jem . 
 `` were you thinking about blood ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` were you thinking about eating me ? '' 
 will inquired . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` no one would blame you , '' said jem . 
 `` he 's very annoying . '' 
 tessa sighed . 
 `` camille is so difficult . 
 i do n't understand the first thing about her , much less being her . '' 
 jem looked at her closely . 
 `` are you able to touch her thoughts ? 
 the way you said you could touch the thoughts of those you transformed into ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i 've been trying , but all i get are occasional flashes , images . 
 her thoughts seem very well protected . '' 
 `` well , hopefully you can break through that protection before tomorrow night , '' said will . 
 `` or i would n't say much about our chances . '' 
 `` will , '' jem chided . 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' will said . 
 `` i should n't underestimate my own skills . 
 should tessa make a mess of things , i 'm sure i 'll be able to fight our way through the slavering vampire masses to freedom . '' 
 jem-as was his habit , tessa was starting to realize-simply ignored this . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said , `` you can only touch the thoughts of the dead , tessa ? 
 perhaps most of the objects given to you by the dark sisters were taken from people they had murdered . '' 
 `` no . 
 i touched jessamine 's thoughts when i changed into her . 
 so that ca n't be it , thankfully . 
 what a morbid talent that would be . '' 
 jem was looking at her with thoughtful silver eyes ; something about the intensity of his gaze made her feel almost uncomfortable . 
 `` how clearly can you see the thoughts of the dead ? 
 for instance , if i gave you an item that had once belonged to my father , would you know what he was thinking when he died ? '' 
 it was will 's turn to look alarmed . 
 `` james , i do n't think - , '' he began , but broke off as the door to the library opened and charlotte entered the room . 
 she was n't alone . 
 there were at least a dozen men following her , strangers whom tessa had never seen before . 
 `` the enclave , '' will whispered , and gestured for jem and tessa to duck behind one of the ten-foot bookcases . 
 they observed from their hiding place as the room filled with shadowhunters-most of them men . 
 but tessa saw , as they filed into the room , that among them were two women . 
 she could not help staring at them , remembering what will had said about boadicea , that women could be warriors as well . 
 the taller of the women-and she must have been nearly six feet in height-had powder white hair wound into a crown at the back of her head . 
 she looked as if she were well into her sixties , and her presence was regal . 
 the second of the women was younger , with dark hair , catlike eyes , and a secretive demeanor . 
 the men were a more mixed group . 
 the eldest was a tall man dressed all in gray . 
 his hair and skin were gray as well , his face bony and aquiline , with a strong , thin nose and a sharp chin . 
 there were hard lines at the corners of his eyes and dark hollows under his cheekbones . 
 his eyes were rimmed with red . 
 beside him stood the youngest of the group , a boy probably no more than a year older than jem or will . 
 he was handsome in an angular sort of way , with sharp but regular features , tousled brown hair , and a watchful expression . 
 jem made a noise of surprise and displeasure . 
 `` gabriel lightwood , '' he muttered to will under his breath . 
 `` what 's he doing here ? 
 i thought he was in school in idris . '' 
 will had n't moved . 
 he was staring at the brown-haired boy with his eyebrows raised , a faint smile playing about his lips . 
 `` just do n't get into a fight with him , will , '' jem added hastily . 
 `` not here . 
 that 's all i ask . '' 
 `` rather a lot to ask , do n't you think ? '' 
 will said without looking at jem . 
 will had leaned out from behind the bookcase , and was watching charlotte as she ushered everyone toward the large table at the front of the room . 
 she seemed to be urging everyone to settle themselves into seats around it . 
 `` frederick ashdown and george penhallow , here , if you please , '' charlotte said . 
 `` lilian highsmith , if you 'd sit over there by the map - '' `` and where is henry ? '' 
 asked the gray-haired man with an air of brusque politeness . 
 `` your husband ? 
 as one of the heads of the institute , he really ought to be here . '' 
 charlotte hesitated for only a fraction of a second before plastering a smile onto her face . 
 `` he 's on his way , mr. lightwood , '' she said , and tessa realized two things-one , that the gray-haired man was most likely the father of gabriel lightwood , and two , that charlotte was lying . 
 `` he 'd better be , '' mr. lightwood muttered . 
 `` an enclave meeting without the head of the institute present-most irregular . '' 
 he turned then , and though will moved to duck back behind the tall bookcase , it was too late . 
 the man 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` and who 's back there , then ? 
 come out and show yourself ! '' 
 will glanced toward jem , who shrugged eloquently . 
 `` no point hiding till they drag us out , is there ? '' 
 `` speak for yourself , '' tessa hissed . 
 `` i do n't need charlotte angry at me if we 're not supposed to be in here . '' 
 `` do n't work yourself into a state . 
 there 's no reason you 'd have had any idea about the enclave meeting , and charlotte 's perfectly well aware of that , '' will said . 
 `` she always knows exactly who to blame . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'd turn yourself back into yourself , though , if you take my meaning . 
 no need to give too much of a shock to their hoary old constitutions . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 for a moment tessa had nearly forgotten she was still disguised as camille . 
 hastily she went to work stripping away the transformation , and by the time the three of them stepped out from behind the bookshelves , she was her own self again . 
 `` will . '' 
 charlotte sighed on seeing him , and shook her head at tessa and jem . 
 `` i told you the enclave would be meeting here at four o'clock . '' 
 `` did you ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` i must have forgotten that . 
 dreadful . '' 
 his eyes slid sideways , and he grinned . '' 
 ` lo there , gabriel . '' 
 the brown-haired boy returned will 's look with a furious glare . 
 he had very bright green eyes , and his mouth , as he stared at will , was hard with disgust . 
 `` william , '' he said finally , and with some effort . 
 he turned his gaze on jem . 
 `` and james . 
 are n't you both a little young to be lurking around enclave meetings ? '' 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 jem said . 
 `` i turned eighteen in june , '' gabriel said , leaning so far back in his chair that the front legs came off the ground . 
 `` i have every right to participate in enclave activities now . '' 
 `` how fascinating for you , '' said the white-haired woman tessa had thought looked regal . 
 `` so is this her , lottie ? 
 the warlock girl you were telling us about ? '' 
 the question was directed at charlotte , but the woman 's gaze rested on tessa . 
 `` she does n't look like much . '' 
 `` neither did magnus bane the first time i saw him , '' said mr. lightwood , bending a curious eye on tessa . 
 `` let 's have it then . 
 show us what you can do . '' 
 `` i 'm not a warlock , '' tessa protested angrily . 
 `` well , you 're certainly something , my girl , '' said the older woman . 
 `` if not a warlock , then what ? '' 
 `` that will do . '' 
 charlotte drew herself up . 
 `` miss gray has already proved her bona fides to me and mr. branwell . 
 that will have to be good enough for now-at least until the enclave makes the decision that they wish to utilize her talents . '' 
 `` of course they do , '' said will . 
 `` we have n't a hope of succeeding in this plan without her - '' gabriel brought his chair forward with such force that the front legs slammed into the stone floor with a cracking noise . 
 `` mrs. branwell , '' he said furiously , `` is william , or is he not , too young to be participating in an enclave meeting ? '' 
 charlotte 's gaze went from gabriel 's flushed face to will 's expressionless one . 
 she sighed . 
 `` yes , he is . 
 will , jem , if you 'll please wait outside in the corridor with tessa . '' 
 will 's expression tightened , but jem bent a warning look on him , and he remained silent . 
 gabriel lightwood looked triumphant . 
 `` i will show you out , '' he announced , springing to his feet . 
 he ushered the three of them out of the library , then swung out into the corridor after them . 
 `` you , '' he spat at will , pitching his voice low so that those in the library could n't overhear him . 
 `` you disgrace the name of shadowhunters everywhere . '' 
 will leaned against the corridor wall and regarded gabriel with cool blue eyes . 
 `` i did n't realize there was much of a name left to disgrace , after your father - '' `` i will thank you not to speak of my family , '' gabriel snarled , reaching behind himself to pull the library door shut . 
 `` how unfortunate that the prospect of your gratitude is not a tempting one , '' will said . 
 gabriel stared at him , his hair disarrayed , his green eyes brilliant with rage . 
 he reminded tessa of someone in that moment , though she could not have said who . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gabriel growled . 
 `` he means , '' jem clarified , `` that he does n't care for your thanks . '' 
 gabriel 's cheeks darkened to a dull scarlet . 
 `` if you were n't underage , herondale , it would be monomachia for us . 
 just you and me , to the death . 
 i 'd chop you into bloody carpet rags - '' `` stop it , gabriel , '' jem interrupted , before will could reply . 
 `` goading will into single combat-that 's like punishing a dog after you 've tormented it into biting you . 
 you know how he is . '' 
 `` much obliged , james , '' will said , without taking his eyes off gabriel . 
 `` i appreciate the testament to my character . '' 
 jem shrugged . 
 `` it is the truth . '' 
 gabriel shot jem a dark glare . 
 `` stay out of this , carstairs . 
 this does n't concern you . '' 
 jem moved closer to the door , and to will , who was standing perfectly still , matching gabriel 's cold stare with one of his own . 
 the hairs on the back of tessa 's neck had begun to prickle . 
 `` if it concerns will , it concerns me , '' jem said . 
 gabriel shook his head . 
 `` you 're a decent shadowhunter , james , '' he said , `` and a gentleman . 
 you have your-disability , but no one blames you for that . 
 but this - '' he curled his lip , jabbing a finger in will 's direction . 
 `` this filth will only drag you down . 
 find someone else to be your parabatai . 
 no one expects will herondale to live past nineteen , and no one will be sorry to see him go , either - '' that was too much for tessa . 
 without thinking about it she burst out indignantly , `` what a thing to say ! '' 
 gabriel , interrupted midrant , looked as shocked as if one of the tapestries had suddenly started talking . 
 `` pardon me ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 telling someone you would n't be sorry if they died ! 
 it 's inexcusable ! '' 
 she took hold of will by the sleeve . 
 `` come along , will . 
 this-this person-obviously is n't worth wasting your time on . '' 
 will looked hugely entertained . 
 `` so true . '' 
 `` you-you - '' gabriel , stammering slightly , looked at tessa in an alarmed sort of way . 
 `` you have n't the slightest idea of the things he 's done - '' `` and i do n't care , either . 
 you 're all nephilim , are n't you ? 
 well , are n't you ? 
 you 're supposed to be on the same side . '' 
 tessa frowned at gabriel . 
 `` i think you owe will an apology . '' 
 `` i , '' said gabriel , `` would rather have my entrails yanked out and tied in a knot in front of my own eyes than apologize to such a worm . '' 
 `` gracious , '' said jem mildly . 
 `` you ca n't mean that . 
 not the will being a worm part , of course . 
 the bit about the entrails . 
 that sounds dreadful . '' 
 `` i do mean it , '' said gabriel , warming to his subject . 
 `` i would rather be dropped into a vat of malphas venom and left to dissolve slowly until only my bones were left . '' 
 `` really , '' said will . 
 `` because i happen to know a chap who could sell us a vat of - '' the door of the library opened . 
 mr. lightwood stood on the threshold . 
 `` gabriel , '' he said in a freezing tone . 
 `` do you plan to attend the meeting-your first enclave meeting , if i must remind you-or would you rather play out here in the corridor with the rest of the children ? '' 
 no one looked particularly pleased by that comment , especially gabriel , who swallowed hard , nodded , shot one last glare at will , and followed his father back into the library , slamming the door shut behind them . 
 `` well , '' said jem after the door had closed behind gabriel . 
 `` that was about as bad as i had expected it would be . 
 is this the first time you 've seen him since last year 's christmas party ? '' 
 he asked , addressing the question to will . 
 `` yes , '' said will . 
 `` do you think i should have told him i missed him ? '' 
 `` no , '' said jem . 
 `` is he always like that ? '' 
 tessa asked . 
 `` so awful ? '' 
 `` you should see his older brother , '' said jem . 
 `` makes gabriel look sweeter than gingerbread . 
 hates will even more than gabriel , too , if that 's possible . '' 
 will grinned at that , then turned and began making his way down the corridor , whistling as he went . 
 after a moment 's hesitation , jem went after him , gesturing for tessa to follow . 
 `` why would gabriel lightwood hate you , will ? '' 
 tessa asked as they went . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 `` it was n't anything i did to him , '' will said , stalking along at a rapid pace . 
 `` it was something i did to his sister . '' 
 tessa looked sideways at jem , who shrugged . 
 `` where there 's our will , there 's a half-dozen angry girls claiming he 's compromised their virtue . '' 
 `` did you ? '' 
 tessa asked , hurrying to keep up with the boys . 
 there was simply only so fast you could walk in heavy skirts that swished around your ankles as you went . 
 the delivery of dresses from bond street had come the day before , and she was only just beginning to get used to wearing such expensive stuff . 
 she remembered the light dresses she 'd worn as a little girl , when she 'd been able to run up to her brother , kick him in the ankle , and dart away without him being able to catch her . 
 she wondered briefly what would happen if she tried to do that to will . 
 she doubted it would work out to her advantage , though the thought had a certain appeal . 
 `` compromise her virtue , i mean . '' 
 `` you have a lot of questions , '' will said , veering sharply to the left and up a set of narrow stairs . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 `` i do , '' tessa said , the heels of her boots clicking loudly on the stone steps as she followed will upward . 
 `` what 's parabatai ? 
 and what did you mean about gabriel 's father being a disgrace to shadowhunters ? '' 
 `` parabatai in greek is just a term for a soldier paired with a chariot driver , '' said jem , `` but when nephilim say it , we mean a matched team of warriors-two men who swear to protect each other and guard each other 's backs . '' 
 `` men ? '' 
 said tessa . 
 `` there could n't be a team of women , or a woman and a man ? '' 
 `` i thought you said women did n't have bloodlust , '' will said without turning around . 
 `` and as for gabriel 's father , let 's say that he has something of a reputation for liking demons and downworlders more than he should . 
 i would be surprised if some of the elder lightwood 's nocturnal visits to certain houses in shadwell have n't left him with a nasty case of demon pox . '' 
 `` demon pox ? '' 
 tessa was horrified and fascinated at the same time . 
 `` he 's made that up , '' jem hastily reassured her . 
 `` really , will . 
 how many times do we have to tell you there 's no such thing as demon pox ? '' 
 will had stopped in front of a narrow door at a bend in the staircase . 
 `` i think this is it , '' he said , half to himself , and jiggled the knob . 
 when nothing happened , he took his stele out of his jacket and scrawled a black mark on the door . 
 it swung open , with a puff of dust . 
 `` this ought to be a storeroom . '' 
 jem followed him inside , and after a moment so did tessa . 
 she found herself in a small room whose only illumination was from an arched window set high in the wall above . 
 watery light poured through , showing a square space filled with trunks and boxes . 
 it could have been any spare storage room anywhere , if it had n't been for what looked like piles of old weapons stacked in the corners-heavy rusty-looking iron things with broad blades and chains connected to spiked chunks of metal . 
 will took hold of one of the trunks and moved it sideways to create a clear square of space on the floor . 
 more dust puffed up . 
 jem coughed and shot him a reproachful look . 
 `` one would think you brought us here to murder us , '' he said , `` if it were n't that your motivations for doing so seem cloudy at best . '' 
 `` not murder , '' will said . 
 `` hold on . 
 i need to move one more trunk . '' 
 as he pushed the heavy thing toward the wall , tessa cast a sidelong look at jem . 
 `` what did gabriel mean , '' she asked , pitching her voice too low for will to hear , '' ` your disability ' ? '' 
 jem 's silvery eyes widened fractionally , before he said , `` my ill health . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he was lying , tessa knew . 
 he had the same sort of look nate did when he lied-a little too clear-eyed a gaze to be a truthful one . 
 but before she could say anything else , will straightened up and announced , `` there we are . 
 come sit down . '' 
 he then proceeded to seat himself on the dusty stained floor ; jem went to sit beside him , but tessa hung back for a moment , hesitant . 
 will , who had his stele out , looked up at her with a crooked smile . 
 `` not going to join us , tessa ? 
 i suppose you do n't want to ruin the pretty dress jessamine bought you . '' 
 it was the truth , actually . 
 tessa had no desire to wreck the nicest item of clothing she had ever owned . 
 but will 's mocking tone was more annoying than the thought of destroying the dress . 
 setting her jaw , she went and sat down opposite the boys , so that they formed a triangle between them . 
 will placed the tip of the stele against the dirty floor , and began to move it . 
 broad dark lines flowed from the tip , and tessa watched in fascination . 
 there was something particular and beautiful about the way the stele scrawled-not like ink flowing from a pen , but more as if the lines had always been there , and will was uncovering them . 
 he was halfway through when jem made a noise of realization , clearly recognizing the mark that his friend was drawing . 
 `` what do you - , '' he began , but will held up the hand he was n't drawing with , shaking his head . 
 `` do n't , '' will said . 
 `` if i make a mess of this , we could well fall through the floor . '' 
 jem rolled his eyes , but it did n't seem to matter : will was already finished , and was lifting the stele away from the design he had drawn . 
 tessa gave a little cry as the warped floorboards between them seemed to shimmer-and then became as transparent as a window . 
 scooting forward , forgetting entirely about her dress , she found herself staring through it as if through a pane of glass . 
 she was looking down into what she realized was the library . 
 she could see the large round table and the enclave seated at it , charlotte between benedict lightwood and the elegant white-haired woman . 
 charlotte was easily recognizable , even from above , by the neat knotting of her brown hair and the quick movements of her small hands as she spoke . 
 `` why up here ? '' 
 jem asked will in a low voice . 
 `` why not the weapons room ? 
 it 's next to the library . '' 
 `` sound radiates , '' said will . 
 `` just as easy to listen from up here . 
 besides which , who 's to say one of them would n't decide to pay a visit to the weapons room halfway through the meeting to see what we 've in stock ? 
 it 's happened before . '' 
 tessa , staring down in fascination , realized that indeed she could hear the murmur of voices . 
 `` can they hear us ? '' 
 will shook his head . 
 `` the enchantment is strictly one-way . '' 
 he frowned , leaning forward . 
 `` what are they talking about ? '' 
 the three of them fell silent , and in the quiet the sound of benedict lightwood 's voice rose clearly to their ears . 
 `` i do n't know about this , charlotte , '' he said . 
 `` this whole plan seems very risky . '' 
 `` but we can not simply let de quincey go on as he has , '' charlotte argued . 
 `` he 's the head vampire of the london clans . 
 the rest of the night children look to him for guidance . 
 if we allow him to cavalierly break the law , what message does that send to downworld ? 
 that the nephilim have grown lax in their guardianship ? '' 
 `` just so i understand , '' lightwood said , `` you 're willing to take lady belcourt 's word that de quincey , a longtime ally of the clave , is actually murdering mundanes in his own house ? '' 
 `` i do n't know why you 're surprised , benedict . '' 
 there was an edge to charlotte 's voice . 
 `` is it your suggestion that we ignore her report , despite the fact that she has given us nothing but reliable information in the past ? 
 and despite the fact that if she is once again telling the truth , the blood of everyone that de quincey murders from this point onward will be on our hands ? '' 
 `` and despite the fact that we are bound by the law to investigate any report of the covenant being broken , '' said a slender dark-haired man at the far end of the table . 
 `` you know that as well as the rest of us , benedict ; you 're simply being stubborn . '' 
 charlotte exhaled as lightwood 's face darkened . 
 `` thank you , george . 
 i appreciate that , '' she said . 
 the tall woman who had earlier called charlotte lottie gave a low , rumbling laugh . 
 `` do n't be so dramatic , charlotte , '' she said . 
 `` you must admit , the whole business is bizarre . 
 a shape-changing girl who may or may not be a warlock , brothels full of dead bodies , and an informant who swears he sold de quincey some machine tools-a fact that you seem to regard as a piece of the most consummate evidence , despite refusing to tell us your informant 's name . '' 
 `` i swore i would n't involve him , '' charlotte protested . 
 `` he fears de quincey . '' 
 `` is he a shadowhunter ? '' 
 lightwood demanded . 
 `` because if not , he is n't reliable . '' 
 `` really , benedict , your views are most antiquated , '' said the woman with the catlike eyes . 
 `` one might believe , talking to you , that the accords had never happened . '' 
 `` lilian is correct ; you 're being ridiculous , benedict , '' said george penhallow . 
 `` looking for an entirely reliable informant is like looking for a chaste mistress . 
 if they were virtuous , they would be little use to you in the first place . 
 an informant merely provides information ; it is our job to verify that information , which is what charlotte is suggesting that we do . '' 
 `` i would simply hate to see the powers of the enclave misused in this instance , '' lightwood said in a silky tone . 
 it was very odd , tessa thought , hearing this group of elegant adults addressing one another without honorifics , simply by their first names . 
 but it seemed to be shadowhunter custom . 
 `` if , for instance , there were a vampire who had a grudge against the head of her clan , and perhaps wanted to see him removed from power , what better way than to get the clave to do her dirty work for her ? '' 
 `` hell , '' will muttered , exchanging a glance with jem . 
 `` how does he know about that ? '' 
 jem shook his head , as if to say i do n't know . 
 `` know about what ? '' 
 tessa whispered , but her voice was drowned out by charlotte and the white-haired woman both talking at once . 
 `` camille would never do that ! '' 
 charlotte protested . 
 `` she is n't a fool , for one thing . 
 she knows what the punishment for lying to us would be ! '' 
 `` benedict has a point , '' said the older woman . 
 `` it would be better if a shadowhunter had seen de quincey breaking the law - '' `` but that 's the point of this whole enterprise , '' charlotte said . 
 there was a tinge to her voice-of nervousness , a strained desire to prove herself . 
 tessa felt a flicker of sympathy for her . 
 `` to observe de quincey breaking the law , aunt callida . '' 
 tessa made a startled noise . 
 jem looked up . 
 `` yes , she 's charlotte 's aunt , '' he said . 
 `` it was her brother-charlotte 's father-who used to run the institute . 
 she likes to tell people what to do . 
 although , of course she always does whatever she wants . '' 
 `` she does at that , '' will agreed . 
 `` did you know she propositioned me once ? '' 
 jem did not look as if he believed this even slightly . 
 `` she did not . '' 
 `` she did , '' will insisted . 
 `` it was all very scandalous . 
 i might have acceded to her demands too , if she did n't frighten me so much . '' 
 jem simply shook his head and turned his attention back to the scene unfolding in the library . 
 `` there is also the matter of de quincey 's seal , '' charlotte was saying , `` which we found inside the body of the clockwork girl . 
 there is simply too much evidence linking him to these events , too much evidence not to investigate . '' 
 `` i agree , '' said lilian . 
 `` i for one am concerned about this matter of the clockwork creatures . 
 making clockwork girls is one thing , but what if he 's making a clockwork army ? '' 
 `` that 's pure speculation , lilian , '' said frederick ashdown . 
 lilian dismissed this with a wave of her hand . 
 `` an automaton is neither seraph nor demon in its alliance ; it is not one of the children of god or of the devil . 
 would it be vulnerable to our weapons ? '' 
 `` i think you 're imagining a problem that does not exist , '' said benedict lightwood . 
 `` there have been automatons for years now ; mundanes are fascinated with the creatures . 
 none has posed a threat to us . '' 
 `` none has been made using magic before , '' said charlotte . 
 `` that you know of . '' 
 lightwood looked impatient . 
 charlotte straightened her back ; only tessa and the others , looking down upon her , could see that her hands were knotted tightly together in her lap . 
 `` your concern , benedict , seems to be that we will unfairly punish de quincey for a crime he has not committed , and in doing so jeopardize the relationship between the night children and the nephilim . 
 am i correct ? '' 
 benedict lightwood nodded . 
 `` but all that will 's plan calls for is for us to observe de quincey . 
 if we do not see him breaking the law , we will not act against him , and the relationship will not be threatened . 
 if we do see him breaking the law , then the relationship is a lie . 
 we can not allow abuse of covenant law , however ... convenient it might be for us to ignore . '' 
 `` i agree with charlotte , '' said gabriel lightwood , speaking up for the first time , and much to tessa 's surprise . 
 `` i think her plan is a sound one . 
 except in one part-sending the shape-shifter girl in there with will herondale . 
 he is n't even old enough to be at this meeting . 
 how can he be trusted with a mission of this gravity ? '' 
 `` smarmy little prig , '' will snarled , leaning farther forward , as if he longed to reach through the magical portal and strangle gabriel . 
 `` when i get him alone ... '' `` i ought to go in with her instead , '' gabriel went on . 
 `` i can look out for her a bit more . 
 instead of simply looking out for myself . '' 
 `` hanging 's too good for him , '' agreed jem , who looked as if he were trying not to laugh . 
 `` tessa knows will , '' protested charlotte . 
 `` she trusts will . '' 
 `` i would n't go that far , '' muttered tessa . 
 `` besides , '' charlotte said , `` it 's will who devised this plan , will who de quincey will recognize from the pandemonium club . 
 it 's will who knows what to search for inside de quincey 's town house to tie him to the clockwork creatures and the murdered mundanes . 
 will 's an excellent investigator , gabriel , and a good shadowhunter . 
 you have to give him that . '' 
 gabriel sat back in his chair , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` i do n't have to give him anything . '' 
 `` so will and your warlock girl enter the house , endure de quincey 's party until they observe some contravention of the law , and then signal to the rest of us-how ? '' 
 inquired lilian . 
 `` with henry 's invention , '' charlotte said . 
 there was a slight-only very slight-tremble to her voice as she said it . 
 `` the phosphor . 
 it will send up a flare of extremely bright witchlight , illuminating all the windows in de quincey 's house , just for a moment . 
 that will be the signal . '' 
 `` oh , good lord , not one of henry 's inventions again , '' said george . 
 `` there were some complications with the phosphor at first , but henry demonstrated it for me last night , '' charlotte protested . 
 `` it works perfectly . '' 
 frederick snorted . 
 `` remember the last time henry offered us the use of one of his inventions ? 
 we were all cleaning fish guts off our gear for days . '' 
 `` but it was n't supposed to be used near water - , '' charlotte began , still in the same quavering voice , but the others had already begun talking over her , chattering excitedly about henry 's failed inventions and the dreadful consequences thereof , while charlotte lapsed into silence . 
 poor charlotte , tessa thought . 
 charlotte , whose sense of her own authority was so important , and so dearly bought . 
 `` bastards , talking over her like that , '' muttered will . 
 tessa looked at him in astonishment . 
 he was staring intently down at the scene before him , his fists tight at his sides . 
 so he was fond of charlotte , she thought , and she was surprised how pleased she was to realize it . 
 perhaps it meant will actually did have feelings after all . 
 not that it had anything to do with her , whether he did or not , of course . 
 she looked hastily away from will , at jem , who seemed equally out of countenance . 
 he was biting his lip . 
 `` where is henry ? 
 should n't he have arrived by now ? '' 
 as if in answer , the door to the storage room banged open with a crash , and the three of them spun around to see henry standing wild-eyed and wild-haired in the doorway . 
 he was clutching something in his hand-the copper tube with the black button on the side that had nearly caused will to break his arm falling off the sideboard in the dining room . 
 will eyed it fearfully . 
 `` get that blasted object away from me . '' 
 henry , who was red-faced and sweating , stared at them all in horror . 
 `` hell , '' he said . 
 `` i was looking for the library . 
 the enclave - '' `` is meeting , '' said jem . 
 `` yes , we know . 
 it 's a flight down from here , henry . 
 third door on the right . 
 and you 'd better go . 
 charlotte 's waiting for you . '' 
 `` i know , '' henry wailed . 
 `` blast , blast , blast . 
 i was just trying to get the phosphor right , is all . '' 
 `` henry , '' jem said , `` charlotte needs you . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 henry turned as if to dart out of the room , then swung around and stared at them , a look of confusion passing over his freckled face , as if he had only now had cause to wonder why will , tessa , and jem might be crouching together in a mostly disused storage room . 
 `` what are you three doing in here , anyway ? '' 
 will tilted his head to the side and smiled at henry . 
 `` charades , '' he said . 
 `` massive game . '' 
 `` ah . 
 right , then , '' said henry , and dashed out the door , letting it swing shut behind him . 
 `` charades . '' 
 jem snorted in disgust , then leaned forward again , elbows on his knees , as callida 's voice drifted up from below . 
 `` honestly , charlotte , '' she was saying , `` when will you admit that henry has n't anything to do with running this place , and that you 're doing it all by yourself ? 
 perhaps with help from james carstairs and will herondale , but neither of them is any older than seventeen . 
 how much help can they be ? '' 
 charlotte made a murmured noise of deprecation . 
 `` it 's too much for one person , especially someone your age , '' said benedict . 
 `` you 're only twenty-three years old . 
 if you 'd like to step down - '' only twenty-three ! 
 tessa was astonished . 
 she 'd thought charlotte was much older , probably because she exuded such an air of competence . 
 `` consul wayland assigned the running of the institute to me and my husband five years ago , '' charlotte replied sharply , apparently having found her voice again . 
 `` if you have some issue with his choice , you should take it up with him . 
 in the meantime i shall direct the institute as i see fit . '' 
 `` i hope that means that plans such as the one you 're suggesting are still up for a vote ? '' 
 said benedict lightwood . 
 `` or are you governing by fiat now ? '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , lightwood , of course it 's up for a vote , '' said lilian crossly , without giving charlotte a chance to answer . 
 `` all in favor of moving on de quincey , say aye . '' 
 to tessa 's surprise , there was a chorus of ayes , and not a single nay . 
 the discussion had been contentious enough that she 'd been certain at least one of the shadowhunters would try to back out . 
 jem caught her startled look and smiled . 
 `` they 're always like this , '' he murmured . 
 `` they like to jockey for power , but none of them would vote no on an issue like this . 
 they 'd be branded a coward for doing so . '' 
 `` very well , '' said benedict . 
 `` tomorrow night it is , then . 
 is everyone sufficiently prepared ? 
 are there - '' the door to the library banged open , and henry charged in-looking , if possible , even more wild-eyed and wild-haired than before . 
 `` i 'm here ! '' 
 he announced . 
 `` not too late , am i ? '' 
 charlotte covered her face with her hands . 
 `` henry , '' said benedict lightwood dryly . 
 `` how pleasant to see you . 
 your wife was just briefing us on your newest invention . 
 the phosphor , is it ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 henry held the phosphor up proudly . 
 `` this is it . 
 and i can promise it works as advertised . 
 see ? '' 
 `` now , there 's no need for a demonstration , '' benedict began hastily , but it was too late . 
 henry had already pressed the button . 
 there was a bright flash , and the lights in the library winked out suddenly , leaving tessa staring at an unlit black square in the floor . 
 gasps rose up from below . 
 there was a shriek , and something crashed to the ground and shattered . 
 rising above it all was the sound of benedict lightwood , swearing fluently . 
 will looked up and grinned . 
 `` bit awkward for henry , of course , '' he remarked cheerfully , `` and yet , somehow quite satisfying , do n't you think ? '' 
 tessa could n't help but agree , on both counts . 
 10 pale kings and princes i saw pale kings and princes too , pale warriors , death-pale were they all - john keats , `` la belle dame sans merci '' as the coach rattled along the strand , will raised a black-gloved hand and drew one of the velvet curtains back from the window , letting a splash of yellow gaslight find its way into the carriage 's dark interior . 
 `` it rather looks , '' he said , `` as if we might be in for rain tonight . '' 
 tessa followed his gaze ; out the window the sky was a cloudy steel gray-the usual for london , she thought . 
 men in hats and long dark coats hurried along the pavement on either side of the street , their shoulders hunched against a brisk wind that carried coal dust , horse manure , and all sorts of eye-stinging rubbish in its wake . 
 once again tessa thought she could smell the river . 
 `` is that a church directly in the middle of the street ? '' 
 she wondered aloud . 
 `` it 's st. mary le strand , '' said will , `` and there 's a long story about it , but i 'm not going to tell it to you now . 
 have you been listening to anything i 've been saying ? '' 
 `` i was , '' tessa said , `` until you started on about rain . 
 who cares about rain ? 
 we 're on our way to some sort of-vampire society event , and i 've no idea how i 'm supposed to behave , and so far you have n't helped me much at all . '' 
 the corner of will 's mouth twitched upward . 
 `` just be careful . 
 when we arrive at the house , you ca n't look to me for help or instruction . 
 remember , i am your human subjugate . 
 you keep me about you for blood-blood whenever you want it-and nothing else . '' 
 `` so you 're not going to speak tonight , '' tessa said . 
 `` at all . '' 
 `` not unless you instruct me to , '' said will . 
 `` this evening sounds as if it might be better than i thought . '' 
 will seemed not to have heard her . 
 with his right hand he was tightening one of the metal knife-bearing cuffs on his left wrist . 
 he was staring off toward the window , as if seeing something that was n't visible to her . 
 `` you might be thinking of vampires as feral monsters , but these vampires are not like that . 
 they are as cultured as they are cruel . 
 sharpened knives to humanity 's dull blade . '' 
 the line of his jaw was set hard in the dim light . 
 `` you will have to try to keep up . 
 and for god 's sake , if you ca n't , do n't say anything at all . 
 they have a tortuous and opaque sense of etiquette . 
 a serious social gaffe could mean instant death . '' 
 tessa 's hands tightened on each other in her lap . 
 they were cold . 
 she could feel the cold of camille 's skin , even through her gloves . 
 `` are you joking ? 
 the way you were in the library , about dropping that book ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his voice was remote . 
 `` will , you 're frightening me . '' 
 the words came out of tessa 's mouth before she could stop them ; she tensed , expecting mockery . 
 will drew his gaze away from the window and looked at her as if some realization had dawned on him . 
 `` tess , '' he said , and tessa felt a momentary jolt ; no one had ever called her tess . 
 sometimes her brother had called her tessie , but that was all . 
 `` you know you do n't have to do this if you do n't want to . '' 
 she took a breath , one she did n't need . 
 `` and then what ? 
 we would turn the carriage around and go home ? '' 
 he put his hands out , and took hers . 
 camille 's hands were so small that will 's capable dark-gloved ones seemed to swallow them up . 
 `` one for all , and all for one , '' he said . 
 she smiled at that , weakly . 
 `` the three musketeers ? '' 
 his steady gaze held hers . 
 his blue eyes were very dark , uniquely so . 
 she had known people before with blue eyes , but they had always been light blue . 
 will 's were the color of the sky just on the edge of night . 
 his long lashes veiled them as he said , `` sometimes , when i have to do something i do n't want to do , i pretend i 'm a character from a book . 
 it 's easier to know what they would do . '' 
 `` really ? 
 who do you pretend you are ? 
 d'artagnan ? '' 
 tessa asked , naming the only one of the three musketeers that she could remember . '' 
 ` it is a far , far better thing that i do , than i have ever done , ' '' will quoted . '' 
 ` it is a far , far better rest that i go to than i have ever known . ' '' 
 `` sydney carton ? 
 but you said you hated a tale of two cities ! '' 
 `` i do n't really . '' 
 will seemed unabashed by his lie . 
 `` and sydney carton was a dissipated alcoholic . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 there was a man who was worthless , and knew he was worthless , and yet however far down he tried to sink his soul , there was always some part of him capable of great action . '' 
 will lowered his voice . 
 `` what is it he says to lucie manette ? 
 that though he is weak , he can still burn ? '' 
 tessa , who had read a tale of two cities more times than she could count , whispered , '' ` and yet i have had the weakness , and have still the weakness , to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me , heap of ashes that i am , into fire . ' '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` but that was because he loved her . '' 
 `` yes , '' said will . 
 `` he loved her enough to know she was better off without him . '' 
 his hands were still on hers , the heat of them burning through her gloves . 
 the wind was brisk outside , and had ruffled his ink black hair as they had crossed the institute courtyard to the carriage . 
 it made him look younger , and more vulnerable-and his eyes , too , were vulnerable , open like a door . 
 the way he was looking at her , she would not have thought will could , or would , look at anyone like that . 
 if she could blush , she thought , how she would be blushing now . 
 and then she wished she had not thought of that . 
 for that thought led , inevitably and unpleasantly , to another : was he looking at her now , or at camille , who was , indeed , exquisitely beautiful ? 
 was that the reason for his change in expression ? 
 could he see tessa through the disguise , or only the shell of her ? 
 she drew back , taking her hands from his , though his were closed tightly around hers . 
 it took her a moment to disengage them . 
 `` tessa - , '' he began , but before he could say more , the carriage came to a jerking stop that set the velvet curtains swaying . 
 thomas called , `` we 're here ! '' 
 from the driver 's seat . 
 will , after taking a deep breath , swung the door open and leaped down to the pavement , lifting his hand to help her down after him . 
 tessa bent her head as she exited the carriage to avoid crushing any of the roses on camille 's hat . 
 though will wore gloves , as she did , she could almost imagine she felt the pulsing of blood under his skin , even through the double layer of fabric that separated them . 
 he was flushed , the color high in his cheeks , and she wondered if it was the cold whipping the blood into his face , or something else . 
 they were standing in front of a tall white house with a white-pillared entrance . 
 it was surrounded by similar houses on either side , like rows of pale dominoes . 
 up a row of white steps was a pair of double doors painted black . 
 they were ajar , and tessa could see the glimmer of candlelight from within , shimmering like a curtain . 
 tessa turned to look at will . 
 behind him thomas was seated at the front of the carriage , his hat tipped forward to hide his face . 
 the silver-handled pistol tucked into his waistcoat pocket was entirely hidden from view . 
 somewhere in the back of her head , she felt camille laugh , and she knew , without knowing how she knew , that she was sensing the vampire woman 's amusement at her admiration of will . 
 there you are , tessa thought , relieved despite her annoyance . 
 she had begun to fear that camille 's inner voice would never come to her . 
 she drew away from will , lifting her chin . 
 the haughty pose was n't natural to her-but it was to camille . 
 `` you will address me not as tessa but as a servant would , '' she said , her lip curling . 
 `` now come . '' 
 she jerked her head imperiously toward the steps , and started off without looking back to see if he followed . 
 an elegantly dressed footman awaited her at the top of the steps . 
 `` your ladyship , '' he murmured , and as he bowed , tessa saw the two fang punctures in his neck , just above the collar . 
 she turned her head to see will behind her , and was about to introduce him to the footman when camille 's voice whispered in the back of her head , we do not introduce our human pets to each other . 
 they are our nameless property , unless we choose to give them names . 
 ugh , tessa thought . 
 in her disgust , she hardly noticed as the footman guided her down a long corridor and into a large marble-floored room . 
 he bowed again and departed ; will moved to her side , and for a moment they both stood staring . 
 the space was lit only by candles . 
 dozens of gold candelabras dotted the room , fat white candles blazing in the holders . 
 hands carved of marble reached from the walls , each gripping a scarlet candle , drips of red wax blooming like roses along the sides of the carved marble . 
 and among the candelabras moved vampires , their faces as white as clouds , their movements graceful and liquid and strange . 
 tessa could see their similarities to camille , the features they shared-the poreless skin , the jewel-colored eyes , the pale cheeks splotched with artificial rouge . 
 some looked more human than others ; many were dressed in the fashions of bygone ages-knee breeches and cravats , skirts as full as marie antoinette 's or gathered into trains at the back , lace cuffs and linen frills . 
 tessa 's gaze scanned the room frantically , searching for a familiar fair-haired figure , but nathaniel was nowhere to be seen . 
 instead she found herself trying not to stare at a tall skeletal woman , dressed in the heavily wigged and powdered fashion of a hundred years ago . 
 her face was stark and dreadful , whiter than the white powder dusting her hair . 
 her name was lady delilah , camille 's voice whispered in tessa 's mind . 
 lady delilah held a slight figure by the hand , and tessa 's mind recoiled-a child , in this place ? 
 - but when the figure turned , she saw that it was a vampire as well , sunken dark eyes like pits in its rounded childish face . 
 it smiled at tessa , showing bared fangs . 
 `` we must look for magnus bane , '' will said under his breath . 
 `` he is meant to guide us through this mess . 
 i shall point him out if i see him . '' 
 she was about to tell will that camille would recognize magnus for her , when she caught sight of a slender man with a shock of fair hair , wearing a black swallowtail coat . 
 tessa felt her heart leap-and then fall in bitter disappointment as he turned . 
 it was not nathaniel . 
 this man was a vampire , with a pale , angular face . 
 his hair was not yellow like nate 's but was almost colorless under the candlelight . 
 he dropped tessa a wink and began to move toward her , pushing through the crowd . 
 there were not only vampires among them , tessa saw , but human subjugates as well . 
 they carried gleaming serving trays , and on the trays were sets of empty glasses . 
 beside the glasses lay an array of silver utensils , all sharp-pointed . 
 knives , of course , and thin tools like the awls shoemakers used to punch holes in leather . 
 as tessa stared in confusion , one of the subjugates was stopped by the woman in the white powdered wig . 
 she snapped her fingers imperiously , and the darkling-a pale boy in a gray jacket and trousers-turned his head to the side obediently . 
 after plucking a thin awl from the tray with her skinny fingers , the vampire drew the sharp tip across the skin of the boy 's throat , just below his jaw . 
 the glasses rattled on the tray as his hand shook , but he did n't drop the tray , not even when the woman lifted a glass and pressed it against his throat so that the blood ran down into it in a thin stream . 
 tessa 's stomach tightened with a sudden mixture of revulsion-and hunger ; she could not deny the hunger , even though it belonged to camille and not her . 
 stronger than the thirst , though , was her horror . 
 she watched as the vampire woman lifted the glass to her lips , the human boy beside her standing gray-faced and trembling as she drank . 
 she wanted to reach for will 's hand , but a vampire baroness would never hold the hand of her human subjugate . 
 she straightened her spine , and beckoned will to her side with a quick snap of her fingers . 
 he looked up in surprise , then moved to join her , clearly fighting to hide his annoyance . 
 but hide it he must . 
 `` now , do n't go wandering off , william , '' she said with a meaningful glance . 
 `` i do n't want to lose you in the crowd . '' 
 will 's jaw set . 
 `` i 'm getting the oddest feeling that you 're enjoying this , '' he said under his breath . 
 `` nothing odd about it . '' 
 feeling unbelievably bold , tessa chucked him under the chin with the tip of her lace fan . 
 `` simply behave yourself . '' 
 `` they are so hard to train , are n't they ? '' 
 the man with the colorless hair emerged out of the crowd , inclining his head toward tessa . 
 `` human subjugates , that is , '' he added , mistaking her startled expression for confusion . 
 `` and then once you have them properly trained , they die of something or other . 
 delicate creatures , humans . 
 all the longevity of butterflies . '' 
 he smiled . 
 the smile showed teeth . 
 his skin had the bluish paleness of hardened ice . 
 his hair was nearly white and hung arrow-straight to his shoulders , just brushing the collar of his elegant dark coat . 
 his waistcoat was gray silk , figured with a pattern of twisting silver symbols . 
 he looked like a russian prince out of a book . 
 `` it 's good to see you , lady belcourt , '' he said , and there was an accent to his voice too , not french-more slavic . 
 `` did i catch a glimpse of a new carriage through the window ? '' 
 this is de quincey , camille 's voice breathed in tessa 's mind . 
 images rose up suddenly in her brain , like a fountain turned on , pouring fourth visions instead of water . 
 she saw herself dancing with de quincey , her hands on his shoulders ; she stood by a black stream under the white sky of a northern night , watching as he fed on something pale and sprawled in the grass ; she sat motionless at a long table of other vampires , de quincey at the head of it , as he shouted and screamed at her and brought his fist down so hard that the marble top of the table shivered into cracks . 
 he was shouting at her , something about a werewolf and a relationship she would live to regret . 
 then she was sitting alone in a room , in the dark , and weeping , and de quincey came in and knelt by her chair and took her hand , wanting to comfort her , though he had been the one to cause her pain . 
 vampires can weep ? 
 tessa thought first , and then , they have known each other a long time , alexei de quincey and camille belcourt . 
 they were friends once , and he thinks they are friends still . 
 `` indeed , alexei , '' she said , and as she said it , she knew this was the name she had been trying to recall at the dinner table the other night-the foreign name the dark sisters had spoken . 
 alexei . 
 `` i wanted something a bit ... roomier . '' 
 she held her hand out , and stood still while he kissed it , his lips cold on her skin . 
 de quincey 's eyes slid past tessa to will , and he licked his lips . 
 `` and a new subjugate as well , i see . 
 this one is quite fetching . '' 
 he reached out a thin pale hand , and drew his forefinger down the side of will 's cheek to his jaw . 
 `` such unusual coloring , '' he mused . 
 `` and these eyes . '' 
 `` thank you , '' said tessa , in the manner of one being complimented on an especially tasteful choice of wallpaper . 
 she watched nervously as de quincey moved even closer to will , who looked pale and strained . 
 she wondered if he was having trouble holding himself back when surely every one of his nerves was screaming enemy ! 
 enemy ! 
 de quincey trailed his finger from will 's jaw to his throat , to the point at his collarbone where his pulse beat . 
 `` there , '' he said , and this time when he smiled , his white fangs were visible . 
 they were sharp and fine at the points , like needles . 
 his eyelids drooped , languorous and heavy , and his voice when he spoke was thick . 
 `` you would n't mind , camille , would you , if i just had a little bite ... . '' 
 tessa 's vision went white . 
 she saw de quincey again , the front of his white shirt scarlet with blood-and she saw a body hanging upside down from a tree at the dark stream 's edge , pale fingers dangling in the black water ... . 
 her hand whipped out , faster than she 'd ever imagined she could have moved , and caught de quincey 's wrist . 
 `` my darling , no , '' she said , a wheedling tone in her voice . 
 `` i 'd so like to keep him to myself for just a little while . 
 you know how your appetite runs away with you sometimes . '' 
 she lowered her eyelids . 
 de quincey chuckled . 
 `` for you , camille , i will exercise my restraint . '' 
 he drew his wrist away , and for a moment , under the flirtatious poise , tessa thought she saw a flash of anger in his eyes , quickly masked . 
 `` in honor of our long acquaintance . '' 
 `` thank you , alexei . '' 
 `` have you given any further thought , my dear , '' he said , `` to my offer of a membership in the pandemonium club ? 
 i know the mundanes bore you , but they are a source of funds , nothing more . 
 those of us on the board are on the verge of some very ... exciting discoveries . 
 power beyond your wildest dreams , camille . '' 
 tessa waited , but camille 's inner voice was silent . 
 why ? 
 she fought down panic and managed to smile at de quincey . 
 `` my dreams , '' she said , and hoped he would think the hoarseness in her voice was from amusement and not fear , `` may be more wild already than you imagine . '' 
 beside her , she could tell that will had shot her a surprised look ; he quickly schooled his features to blandness , though , and glanced away . 
 de quincey , his eyes gleaming , only smiled . 
 `` i ask only that you consider my offer , camille . 
 and now i must attend to my other guests . 
 i trust i will see you at the ceremony ? '' 
 dazed , she simply nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 de quincey bowed , turned , and vanished into the crowd . 
 tessa let her breath out . 
 she had n't realized she 'd been holding it . 
 `` do n't , '' said will softly at her side . 
 `` vampires do n't need to breathe , remember . '' 
 `` my god , will . '' 
 tessa realized she was shaking . 
 `` he would have bitten you . '' 
 will 's eyes were dark with rage . 
 `` i would have killed him first . '' 
 a voice spoke at tessa 's elbow . 
 `` and then you would both be dead . '' 
 she whirled and saw that a tall man had appeared just behind her , as soundlessly as if he had drifted there like smoke . 
 he wore an elaborate brocade jacket , like something out of the previous century , with a riot of white lace at his collar and cuffs . 
 below the long jacket tessa glimpsed knee breeches , and high buckled shoes . 
 his hair was like rough black silk , so dark it had a bluish sheen to it ; his skin was brown , the cast of his features like jem 's . 
 she wondered if perhaps , like jem , he was of foreign extraction . 
 in one ear he sported a silver loop from which dangled a diamond pendant the size of a finger , which sparkled brilliantly under the lights , and there were diamonds set into the head of his silver walking stick . 
 he seemed to gleam all over , like witchlight . 
 tessa stared ; she had never seen anyone dressed in such a mad fashion . 
 `` this is magnus , '' said will quietly , sounding relieved . 
 `` magnus bane . '' 
 `` my darling camille , '' magnus said , bending to kiss her gloved hand . 
 `` we have been parted too long . '' 
 the moment he touched her , camille 's memories came rushing up in a flood-memories of magnus holding her , kissing her , touching her in a distinctly intimate and personal manner . 
 tessa jerked her hand back with a squeak . 
 and now you reappear , she thought resentfully in camille 's direction . 
 `` i see , '' he murmured , straightening . 
 his eyes , when he raised them to tessa 's , nearly made her lose her composure : they were gold-green with slit pupils , the eyes of a cat set in a distinctly human face . 
 they were full of shimmering amusement . 
 unlike will , whose eyes held a trace of sadness even when he was amused , magnus 's eyes were full of a surprising joy . 
 they darted sideways , and he jerked his chin toward the far side of the room , indicating that tessa should follow him . 
 `` come along , then . 
 there 's a private room where we can talk . '' 
 in a daze tessa followed him , will at her side . 
 was she imagining it , or did the white faces of the vampires turn to follow her as she passed ? 
 a redheaded female vampire in an elaborate blue dress glared at her as she went ; camille 's voice whispered that the woman was jealous of de quincey 's regard for her . 
 tessa was grateful when magnus finally reached a door-so cleverly set into the paneled wall that she did n't realize it was a door until the warlock had produced a key . 
 he slid the door open with a soft click . 
 will and tessa followed him inside . 
 the room was a library , obviously rarely used ; though volumes lined the walls , they were grimed with dust , as were the velvet curtains that hung across the windows . 
 when the door shut behind them , the light in the room dimmed ; before tessa could say anything , magnus snapped his fingers and twin fires leaped up in the fireplaces on either side of the room . 
 the flames of the fire were blue , and the fire itself had a strong scent , like burning joss sticks . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 tessa could not stop a small exclamation of surprise from passing her lips . 
 with a grin magnus flung himself onto the great marble-topped table in the center of the room , and lay down on his side , his head propped on his hand . 
 `` have you never seen a warlock do magic before ? '' 
 will gave an exaggerated sigh . 
 `` please refrain from teasing her , magnus . 
 i expect camille told you she knows very little of the shadow world . '' 
 `` indeed , '' magnus said unrepentantly , `` but it 's hard to believe , considering what she can do . '' 
 his eyes were on tessa . 
 `` i saw your face when i kissed your hand . 
 you knew who i was immediately , did n't you ? 
 you know what camille knows . 
 there are some warlocks and demons who can shift-take on any shape . 
 but i have never heard of one who could do what you do . '' 
 `` it can not be said for certain that i 'm a warlock , '' tessa said . 
 `` charlotte says i 'm not marked like a warlock would be marked . '' 
 `` oh , you 're a warlock . 
 depend on it . 
 just because you do n't have bat ears ... '' magnus saw tessa frown , and raised his eyebrows . 
 `` oh , you do n't want to be a warlock , do you ? 
 you despise the idea . '' 
 `` i just never thought ... , '' tessa said in a whisper . 
 `` that i was anything other than human . '' 
 magnus 's tone was not unsympathetic . 
 `` poor thing . 
 now that you know the truth , you can never go back . '' 
 `` leave her alone , magnus . '' 
 will 's tone was sharp . 
 `` i must search the room . 
 if you wo n't help , at least try not to torment tessa while i do it . '' 
 he moved toward the big oak desk in the corner of the room and began rummaging among the papers atop it . 
 magnus glanced toward tessa and winked . 
 `` i think he 's jealous , '' he said in a conspiratorial whisper . 
 tessa shook her head and moved toward the nearest bookshelf . 
 there was a book propped open on the middle shelf as if to display it . 
 the pages were covered with bright , intricate figures , some parts of the illustrations gleaming as if they had been painted onto the parchment with gold . 
 tessa exclaimed in surprise . 
 `` it 's a bible . '' 
 `` does that astonish you ? '' 
 magnus inquired . 
 `` i thought vampires could n't touch holy things . '' 
 `` it depends on the vampire-how long they 've been alive , what kind of faith they have . 
 de quincey actually collects old bibles . 
 he says there 's hardly another book out there with so much blood on the pages . '' 
 tessa glanced toward the closed door . 
 the faint swell of voices on the other side was audible . 
 `` wo n't we excite some sort of comment , hiding in here like this ? 
 the others-the vampires-i 'm sure they were staring at us as we came in . '' 
 `` they were staring at will . '' 
 in some ways magnus 's smile was as unnerving as a vampire 's , even though he did n't have fangs . 
 `` will looks wrong . '' 
 tessa glanced over at will , who was rummaging through the desk drawers with gloved hands . 
 `` i find that hard to credit coming from someone dressed as you are , '' will said . 
 magnus ignored this . 
 `` will does n't behave like the other human subjugates . 
 he does n't stare at his mistress with blind adoration , for instance . '' 
 `` it 's that monstrous hat of hers , '' said will . 
 `` puts me off . '' 
 `` human subjugates are never ` put off , ' '' said magnus . 
 `` they adore their vampire masters , whatever they wear . 
 of course , the guests were also staring because they know of my relationship with camille , and are wondering what we might be doing here in the library ... alone . '' 
 he wiggled his eyebrows at tessa . 
 tessa thought back to her visions . 
 `` de quincey ... he said something to camille about regretting her relationship with a werewolf . 
 he made it sound as if it were a crime she committed . '' 
 magnus , who was now lying on his back and twirling his walking stick over his head , shrugged . 
 `` to him it would be . 
 vampires and werewolves despise each other . 
 they claim it has something to do with the fact that the two races of demons that spawned them were involved in a blood feud , but if you ask me , it 's simply that they 're both predators , and predators always resent incursions into their territory . 
 not that vampires are all that fond of the fey , or my kind either , but de quincey rather likes me . 
 he thinks we 're friends . 
 in fact , i suspect he 'd like to be more than friends . '' 
 magnus grinned , to tessa 's confusion . 
 `` but i despise him , though he does n't know it . '' 
 `` then , why spend time with him at all ? '' 
 asked will , who had moved to a tall secretary between two of the windows and was examining its contents . 
 `` why come to his house ? '' 
 `` politics , '' said magnus with another shrug . 
 `` he is the head of the clan ; for camille not to come to his parties when invited would be construed as an insult . 
 and for me to allow her to go alone would be ... careless . 
 de quincey is dangerous , and no less to those of his own kind . 
 especially those who have displeased him in the past . '' 
 `` then you should - , '' will began , and broke off , his voice altering . 
 `` i 've found something . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` perhaps you should have a look at this , magnus . '' 
 will came over to the table and set down on it what looked like a long sheet of rolled paper . 
 he gestured for tessa to join him , and unrolled the paper across the table 's surface . 
 `` there was little of interest in the desk , '' he said , `` but i did find this , hidden in a false drawer in the cabinet . 
 magnus , what do you think ? '' 
 tessa , who had moved to stand beside will at the table , gazed down at the paper . 
 it was covered with a rough blueprint drawing of a human skeleton made up of pistons , cogs , and plates of hammered metal . 
 the skull had a hinged jaw , open sockets for eyes , and a mouth that ended just behind the teeth . 
 there was a panel in the chest too , just like miranda 's . 
 all along the left side of the page were scrawled what looked like notes , in a language tessa could not decipher . 
 the letters were utterly unfamiliar . 
 `` blueprint for an automaton , '' said magnus , cocking his head to the side . 
 `` an artificial human being . 
 humans have always been fascinated by the creatures-i suppose because they are humanoid but can not die or be hurt . 
 have you ever read the book of knowledge of ingenious mechanical devices ? '' 
 `` i 've never even heard of it , '' said will . 
 `` are there any bleak moors in it , shrouded in mysterious mists ? 
 ghostly brides wandering the halls of ruined castles ? 
 a handsome fellow rushing to the rescue of a beauteous yet penniless maiden ? '' 
 `` no , '' said magnus . 
 `` there 's a rather racy bit about cogs halfway through , but really most of it is rather dry . '' 
 `` then tessa wo n't have read it , either , '' said will . 
 tessa glared at him , but said nothing ; she had n't read it , and she was n't in the mood to let will get to her . 
 `` well , then , '' said magnus . 
 `` it was written by an arab scholar , two centuries before leonardo da vinci , and described how machines could be built that would mimic the actions of human beings . 
 now , there is nothing alarming about that in and of itself . 
 but it is this '' - magnus 's long finger brushed gently across the writing on the left side of the page - `` that concerns me . '' 
 will leaned closer . 
 his sleeve brushed tessa 's arm . 
 `` yes , that was what i wanted to ask you about . 
 is it a spell ? '' 
 magnus nodded . 
 `` a binding spell . 
 meant to infuse demonic energy into an inanimate object , thus giving that object a sort of life . 
 i 've seen the spell used . 
 before the accords vampires liked to amuse themselves by creating little demonic mechanisms like music boxes that would play only at night , mechanical horses that could ride only after sundown , that sort of silliness . '' 
 he tapped thoughtfully on the head of his walking stick . 
 `` one of the great problems of creating convincing automatons , of course , has always been their appearance . 
 no other material quite gives the semblance of human flesh . '' 
 `` but what if one were to use it-human flesh , i mean ? '' 
 tessa asked . 
 magnus paused delicately . 
 `` the problem there , for human designers , is , ah , obvious . 
 preserving the flesh destroys its appearance . 
 one would have to use magic . 
 and then magic again , to bind the demon energy to the mechanical body . '' 
 `` and what would that achieve ? '' 
 will asked , an edge to his voice . 
 `` automatons have been built that can write poems , draw landscapes-but only those they are directed to create . 
 they have no individual creativity or imagination . 
 animated by a demon energy , however , an automaton would have a measure of thought and will . 
 but any bound spirit is enslaved . 
 it would inevitably be entirely obedient to whoever had done the binding . '' 
 `` a clockwork army , '' will said , and there was a sort of bitter humor in his voice . 
 `` born of neither heaven nor hell . '' 
 `` i would n't go that far , '' magnus said . 
 `` demon energies are hardly an easy item to come by . 
 one must summon demons up , then bind them , and you know what a difficult process that is . 
 obtaining enough demon energies to create an army would be well-nigh impossible and extraordinarily risky . 
 even for an evil-minded bastard like de quincey . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 and with that , will rolled up the paper and slipped it into his jacket . 
 `` much obliged for your help , magnus . '' 
 magnus looked faintly puzzled , but his response was courteous : `` of course . '' 
 `` i gather you would n't be sorry to see de quincey gone and another vampire in his place , '' said will . 
 `` have you actually observed him breaking the law ? '' 
 `` once . 
 i was invited here to witness one of his ` ceremonies . ' 
 as it turned out - '' magnus looked uncharacteristically grim . 
 `` well , let me show you . '' 
 he turned and moved toward the bookshelf that tessa had been examining earlier , gesturing for them to join him . 
 will followed , tessa beside him . 
 magnus snapped his fingers again , and as blue sparks flew , the illustrated bible slid to the side , revealing a small hole that had been cut into the wood at the back of the shelf . 
 as tessa leaned forward in surprise , she saw that it offered a view into an elegant music room . 
 at least , that was what she thought at first , seeing the chairs set up in rows facing the back of the room ; it made a sort of theater . 
 rows of lit candelabras were set up for illumination . 
 red satin floor-length curtains blocked off the back walls , and the floor was slightly raised , creating a sort of makeshift stage . 
 there was nothing on it but a single chair with a high wooden back . 
 steel manacles were attached to the arms of the chair , glittering like insect carapaces in the candlelight . 
 the wood of the chair was blotched , here and there , with dark red stains . 
 the legs of the chair , tessa saw , were nailed to the floor . 
 `` this is where they have their little ... performances , '' said magnus , an undertone of distaste in his voice . 
 `` they bring out the human and lock him-or her-to the chair . 
 then they take turns draining their victim slowly , while the crowd watches and applauds . '' 
 `` and they enjoy that ? '' 
 will said . 
 the disgust in his voice was more than an undertone . 
 `` the mundanes ' pain ? 
 their fear ? '' 
 `` not all the night children are like this , '' magnus said quietly . 
 `` these are the worst of them . '' 
 `` and the victims , '' said will , `` where do they find them ? '' 
 `` criminals , mostly , '' said magnus . 
 `` drunkards , addicts , whores . 
 the forgotten and lost . 
 those who will not be missed . '' 
 he looked squarely at will . 
 `` would you like to elaborate on your plan ? '' 
 `` we begin when we see the law being broken , '' said will . 
 `` the moment a vampire moves to harm a human , i will signal the enclave . 
 they 'll attack . '' 
 `` really , '' magnus said . 
 `` how will they get in ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . '' 
 will was unfazed . 
 `` your job is to take tessa at that point and get her safely out of here . 
 thomas is waiting outside with the carriage . 
 bundle yourselves into it and he 'll take you back to the institute . '' 
 `` seems a waste of my talents , assigning me to look after one moderately sized girl , '' magnus observed . 
 `` surely you could use me - '' `` this is a shadowhunter affair , '' said will . 
 `` we make the law , and we uphold the law . 
 the assistance you 've given us so far has been invaluable , but we require no more from you . '' 
 magnus met tessa 's eyes over will 's shoulder ; his look was wry . 
 `` the proud isolation of the nephilim . 
 they have use for you when they have use for you , but they can not bring themselves to share a victory with downworlders . '' 
 tessa turned to will . 
 `` you 're sending me away as well , before the fighting starts ? '' 
 `` i must , '' said will . 
 `` it would be best for camille not to be seen to be cooperating with shadowhunters . '' 
 `` that 's nonsense , '' said tessa . 
 `` de quincey will know i-she-brought you here . 
 he 'll know she lied about where she found you . 
 does she think that after this , the rest of the clan wo n't know she 's a traitor ? '' 
 somewhere in the back of her head , camille 's soft laughter purred . 
 she did not sound afraid . 
 will and magnus exchanged a look . 
 `` she does not expect , '' said magnus , `` that a single vampire who is here tonight will survive the evening to accuse her . '' 
 `` the dead can tell no tales , '' said will softly . 
 the flickering light in the room painted his face in alternating shades of black and gold ; the line of his jaw was hard . 
 he looked toward the peephole , eyes narrowing . 
 `` look . '' 
 the three of them jostled to get close to the peephole , through which they saw the pocket doors at one end of the music room slide open . 
 through them was the large candlelit drawing room ; vampires began to stream through the doors , taking their places in the seats before the `` stage . '' 
 `` it 's time , '' magnus said softly , and slid the peephole closed . 
 * * * the music room was nearly full . 
 tessa , arm in arm with magnus , watched as will threaded his way through the crowd , looking for three seats together . 
 he was keeping his head bowed , his eyes on the floor , but even so - `` they 're still looking at him , '' she said to magnus under her breath . 
 `` at will , i mean . '' 
 `` of course they are , '' said magnus . 
 his eyes reflected light like a cat 's as they surveyed the room . 
 `` look at him . 
 the face of a bad angel and eyes like the night sky in hell . 
 he 's very pretty , and vampires like that . 
 i ca n't say i mind either . '' 
 magnus grinned . 
 `` black hair and blue eyes are my favorite combination . '' 
 tessa reached up to pat camille 's pale blond curls . 
 magnus shrugged . 
 `` nobody 's perfect . '' 
 tessa was spared answering ; will had found a set of chairs together , and was beckoning them over with a gloved hand . 
 she tried not to pay attention to the way the vampires were looking at him as she let magnus lead her toward the seats . 
 it was true that he was beautiful , but what did they care ? 
 will was just food to them , was n't he ? 
 she sat down with magnus on one side of her and will on the other , her silk taffeta skirts rustling like leaves in a stiff wind . 
 the room was cool , not like a room crowded with human beings , who would have been giving off body heat . 
 will 's sleeve slid up his arm as he reached to pat the pocket of his waistcoat , and she saw that his arm was dotted with goose bumps . 
 she wondered if the human companions of vampires were always cold . 
 a rustle of whispers went through the room , and tessa tore her eyes from will . 
 the light of the candelabras did not reach the far recesses of the room ; portions of the `` stage '' - the back of the room-were blotched with shadows , and even tessa 's vampire eyes could not discern what was moving within the darkness until de quincey appeared suddenly from the shadows . 
 the audience was silent . 
 then de quincey grinned . 
 it was a manic grin , showing fangs , and it transformed his face . 
 he looked wild and savage now , wolflike . 
 a murmur of hushed appreciation went through the room , the way a human audience might show appreciation for an actor with a particularly good stage presence . 
 `` good evening , '' said de quincey . 
 `` welcome , friends . 
 those of you who have joined me here '' - and he smiled directly at tessa , who was too nervous to do anything but stare back - `` are proud sons and daughters of the night children . 
 we do not bend our necks beneath the oppressive yoke called the law . 
 we do not answer to nephilim . 
 nor shall we abandon our ancient customs at their whim . '' 
 it was impossible not to notice the effect de quincey 's speech was having on will . 
 he was as taut as a bow , his hands clenched in his lap , the veins standing out in his neck . 
 `` we have a prisoner , '' de quincey went on . 
 `` his crime is betraying the night children . '' 
 he swept his gaze across the audience of waiting vampires . 
 `` and what is the punishment for such treason ? '' 
 `` it is death ! '' 
 cried a voice , the vampire woman delilah . 
 she was straining forward in her seat , a terrible eagerness on her face . 
 the other vampires took up her cry . 
 `` death ! 
 death ! '' 
 more shadowy forms slipped between the curtains that formed the makeshift stage . 
 two male vampires , holding between them the struggling form of a human man . 
 a black hood concealed the man 's features . 
 all tessa could see was that he was slender , probably young-and filthy , his fine clothes torn and ragged . 
 his bare feet left bloody smears on the boards as the men dragged him forward and flung him into the chair . 
 a faint gasp of sympathy escaped tessa 's throat ; she felt will tense beside her . 
 the man continued to thrash feebly , like an insect on the end of a pin , as the vampires strapped his wrists and ankles to the chair , and then stepped back . 
 de quincey grinned ; his fangs were out . 
 they shone like ivory pins as he surveyed the crowd . 
 tessa could sense the vampires ' restlessness-and more than their restlessness , their hunger . 
 no longer did they resemble a well-bred audience of human theatergoers . 
 they were as avid as lions scenting prey , lurching forward in their chairs , theirs eyes wide and glowing , their mouths open . 
 `` when can you summon the enclave ? '' 
 tessa said to will in an urgent whisper . 
 will 's voice was tight . 
 `` when he draws blood . 
 we must see him do it . '' 
 `` will - '' `` tessa . '' 
 he whispered her real name , his fingers gripping hers . 
 `` be quiet . '' 
 reluctantly tessa returned her attention to the stage , where de quincey was approaching the shackled prisoner . 
 he paused by the chair-reached out-and his thin pale fingers brushed the man 's shoulder , as light as a spider 's touch . 
 the prisoner convulsed , jerking in desperate terror as the vampire 's hand slid from his shoulder to his neck . 
 de quincey laid two white fingers to the man 's pulse point , as if he were a doctor checking a patient 's heartbeat . 
 de quincey wore a silver ring on one finger , tessa saw , one side of which sharpened to a needle point that protruded when he tightened his hand into a fist . 
 there was a flash of silver , and the prisoner screamed-the first sound he had made . 
 there was something familiar about the sound . 
 a thin line of red appeared on the prisoner 's throat , like a loop of red wire . 
 blood welled and spilled down into the hollow of his collarbone . 
 the prisoner thrashed and struggled as de quincey , his face now a rictus mask of hunger , reached to touch two fingers to the red liquid . 
 he lifted the stained fingertips to his mouth . 
 the crowd was hissing and moaning , barely able to stay in their seats . 
 tessa glanced toward the woman in the white-plumed hat . 
 her mouth was open , her chin wet with drool . 
 `` will , '' tessa murmured . 
 `` will , please . '' 
 will glanced past her , at magnus . 
 `` magnus . 
 take her out of here . '' 
 something in tessa rebelled at the idea of being sent away . 
 `` will , no , i 'm all right here - '' will 's voice was quiet , but his eyes blazed . 
 `` we 've been over this . 
 go , or i wo n't summon the enclave . 
 go , or that man will die . '' 
 `` come . '' 
 it was magnus , his hand on her elbow , guiding her to stand . 
 reluctantly she allowed the warlock to draw her to her feet , and then toward the doors . 
 tessa glanced around anxiously to see if anyone noticed their departure , but no one was looking at them . 
 all attention was riveted on de quincey and the prisoner , and many vampires were already on their feet , hissing and cheering and making inhuman hungry sounds . 
 among the seething crowd , will was still seated , leaning forward like a hunting dog yearning to be released from the leash . 
 his left hand slid into his waistcoat pocket , and emerged with something copper held between his fingers . 
 the phosphor . 
 magnus swung the door open behind them . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 tessa hesitated , looking back at the stage . 
 de quincey was standing behind the prisoner now . 
 his grinning mouth was smeared with blood . 
 he reached out and took hold of the prisoner 's hood . 
 will rose to his feet , the phosphor held aloft . 
 magnus swore and pulled at tessa 's arm . 
 she half-turned as if to go with him , then froze as de quincey whipped off the black hood to reveal the prisoner beneath . 
 his face was swollen and bruised with beatings . 
 one of his eyes was black and swelled shut . 
 his blond hair was pasted to his skull with blood and sweat . 
 but none of that mattered ; tessa would have known him anyway , anywhere . 
 she knew now why his cry of pain had sounded so familiar to her . 
 it was nathaniel . 
 11 few are angels we all are men , in our own natures frail , and capable of our flesh ; few are angels - shakespeare , king henry viii tessa screamed . 
 not a human scream but a vampire scream . 
 she barely recognized the sound that came from her own throat-it sounded like shattering glass . 
 only later did she even realize that she was screaming words . 
 she would have thought she 'd cry her brother 's name , but she did n't . 
 `` will ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` will , now ! 
 do it now ! '' 
 a gasp ran through the room . 
 dozens of white faces swung toward tessa . 
 her scream had broken through their bloodlust . 
 de quincey was motionless on the stage ; even nathaniel was looking at her , dazed and staring , as if wondering if her screams were a dream born out of his agony . 
 will , his finger on the button of the phosphor , hesitated . 
 his eyes met tessa 's across the room . 
 it was only for a split second , but de quincey saw their glance . 
 as if he could read it , the look on his face changed , and he swung his hand up to point directly at will . 
 `` the boy , '' he spat . 
 `` stop him ! '' 
 will tore his gaze from tessa 's . 
 the vampires were already rising to their feet , moving toward him , their eyes glittering with rage and hunger . 
 will looked past them , at de quincey , who was staring at will with fury . 
 there was no fear on will 's face as his gaze met the vampire 's - no hesitation , and no surprise . 
 `` i am not a boy , '' he said . 
 `` i am nephilim . '' 
 and he pressed the button . 
 tessa braced herself for a flare of white witchlight . 
 instead there was a great whoosh of sound as the flames of the candelabras shot toward the ceiling . 
 sparks flew , scattering the floor with glowing embers , catching in the curtains , in the skirts of women 's dresses . 
 suddenly the room was full of billowing black smoke and screams-high-pitched and horrible . 
 tessa could no longer see will . 
 she tried to dart forward , but magnus-she had nearly forgotten he was there-caught her firmly by the wrist . 
 `` miss gray , no , '' he said , and when she responded by pulling away harder , he added , `` miss gray ! 
 you 're a vampire now ! 
 if you catch fire , you 'll go up like kindling wood - '' as if to illustrate his point , at that moment a stray spark landed atop lady delilah 's white wig . 
 it burst into flames . 
 with a cry she tried to rip it from her head , but as her hands came in contact with the flames , they , too , caught fire as if they were made of paper instead of skin . 
 in less than a second both her arms were burning like torches . 
 howling , she raced toward the door , but the fire was faster than she was . 
 within seconds a bonfire raged where she had stood . 
 tessa could just see the outline of a blackened screaming creature writhing inside it . 
 `` do you see what i mean ? '' 
 magnus shouted in tessa 's ear , struggling to make himself heard over the howls of the vampires , who were diving this way and that , trying to avoid the flames . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 tessa shrieked . 
 de quincey had leaped into the melee ; nathaniel was slumped alone onstage , apparently unconscious , only his manacles holding him to the chair . 
 `` that 's my brother up there . 
 my brother ! '' 
 magnus stared at her . 
 taking advantage of his confusion , tessa jerked her arm free and began to run toward the stage . 
 the room was chaos : vampires rushing to and fro , many of them stampeding toward the doorway . 
 the vampires who had reached the door were pushing and shoving to get through it first ; others had turned course and were streaming toward the french doors that looked out over the garden . 
 tessa veered to avoid a fallen chair , and nearly ran headlong into the redheaded vampire in the blue dress who had glared at her earlier . 
 she looked terrified now . 
 she plunged toward tessa-then seemed to stumble . 
 her mouth opened in a scream , and blood poured from it like a fountain . 
 her face crumpled , folding in on itself , the skin resolving into dust and raining down from the bones of her skull . 
 her red hair shriveled and turned gray ; the skin of her arms melted and turned to powder , and with a last despairing shriek the vampire woman collapsed into a stringy heap of bones and dust lying atop an empty satin dress . 
 tessa gagged , tore her eyes away from the remains , and saw will . 
 he stood directly in front of her , holding a long silver knife ; the blade was smeared with scarlet blood . 
 his face was bloody too , his eyes wild . 
 `` what the hell are you still doing here ? '' 
 he shouted at tessa . 
 `` you unbelievably stupid - '' tessa heard the noise before will did , a thin whining sound , like a piece of broken machinery . 
 the fair-haired boy in the gray jacket-the human servant lady delilah had drunk from earlier-was rushing at will , a high-pitched wailing sound coming from his throat , his face smeared with tears and blood . 
 he was carrying a torn-off chair leg in one hand ; the end of it was ragged and sharp . 
 `` will , look out ! '' 
 tessa shouted , and will spun . 
 he moved fast , tessa saw , like a dark blur , and the knife in his hand was a flash of silver in the smoky dimness . 
 when he stopped moving , the boy was lying on the ground , the blade protruding from his chest . 
 blood welled around it , thicker and darker than vampire blood . 
 will , staring down , was ashen . 
 `` i thought ... '' `` he would have killed you if he could , '' tessa said . 
 `` you know nothing of it , '' will said . 
 he shook his head , once , as if clearing it of her voice , or of the sight of the boy on the ground . 
 the subjugate looked very young , his twisted face softer in death . 
 `` i told you to go - '' `` that 's my brother , '' tessa said , pointing toward the back of the room . 
 nathaniel was still unconscious , limp in his manacles . 
 if it were n't for the blood still flowing from the wound in his neck , she would have thought he was dead . 
 `` nathaniel . 
 in the chair . '' 
 will 's eyes widened in astonishment . 
 `` but how - ? '' 
 he began . 
 he did n't get a chance to finish his question . 
 at that moment the sound of shattering glass filled the room . 
 the french windows burst inward , and the room was suddenly flooded with shadowhunters in their dark fighting gear . 
 they were driving before them in a screaming , ragged group the vampires who had fled into the garden . 
 as tessa stared , more shadowhunters began flooding in from the other doors as well , herding more vampires in front of them , like dogs herding sheep into a pen . 
 de quincey staggered before the other vampires , his pale face smeared with black ash , his teeth bared . 
 tessa saw henry among the nephilim , easily recognizable by his ginger hair . 
 charlotte was there too , dressed like a man all in dark fighting gear , like the women pictured in tessa 's shadowhunter book . 
 she looked small and determined and surprisingly fierce . 
 and then there was jem . 
 his gear made him appear all the more startlingly pale , and the black marks on his skin stood out like ink on paper . 
 in the crowd she recognized gabriel lightwood ; his father , benedict ; slim black-haired mrs. highsmith ; and behind them all strode magnus , blue sparks flying from his hands as he gestured . 
 will exhaled , some of the color returning to his face . 
 `` i was n't sure they 'd come , '' he muttered , `` not with the phosphor malfunctioning . '' 
 he tore his eyes away from his friends and looked at tessa . 
 `` go attend to your brother , '' he said . 
 `` that 'll get you out of the worst of it . 
 i hope . '' 
 he turned and walked away from her without a backward glance . 
 the nephilim had herded the remaining vampires , those who had not been killed by the fire-or by will-into the center of a makeshift circle of shadowhunters . 
 de quincey towered among the group , his pale face twisted in rage ; his shirt was stained with blood-his own or someone else 's , she could n't tell . 
 the other vampires huddled behind him like children behind a parent , looking both fierce and wretched at the same time . 
 `` the law , '' de quincey growled , as benedict lightwood advanced on him , a shining blade in his right hand , its surface scored with black runes . 
 `` the law protects us . 
 we surrender to you . 
 the law - '' `` you have broken the law , '' snarled benedict . 
 `` therefore its protection no longer extends to you . 
 the sentence is death . '' 
 `` one mundane , '' said de quincey , sparing a glance toward nathaniel . 
 `` one mundane who has also broken covenant law - '' `` the law does not extend to mundanes . 
 they can not be expected to follow the laws of a world they know nothing of . '' 
 `` he is worthless , '' de quincey said . 
 `` you do not know how worthless . 
 do you really desire to shatter our alliance over one worthless mundane ? '' 
 `` it is more than just one mundane ! '' 
 charlotte cried , and from her jacket she drew the paper will had taken from the library . 
 tessa had not seen will pass it to charlotte , but he must have . 
 `` what of these spells ? 
 did you think we would not discover them ? 
 this-this black sorcery is absolutely forbidden by the covenant ! '' 
 de quincey 's still face betrayed only a hint of his surprise . 
 `` where did you find that ? '' 
 charlotte 's mouth was a hard thin line . 
 `` that does n't matter . '' 
 `` whatever it is you think you know - , '' de quincey began . 
 `` we know enough ! '' 
 charlotte 's voice was full of passion . 
 `` we know you hate and despise us ! 
 we know your alliance with us has been a sham ! '' 
 `` and have you made it against covenant law now to dislike shadowhunters ? '' 
 de quincey said , but the sneer was gone from his voice . 
 he sounded ragged . 
 `` do not play your games with us , '' spat benedict . 
 `` after all we 've done for you , after we passed the accords into law-why ? 
 we 've tried to make you equal to ourselves - '' de quincey 's face twisted . 
 `` equal ? 
 you do n't know what the word means . 
 you can not let go of your own conviction , let go of your belief in your inherent superiority , for long enough to even consider what that would mean . 
 where are our seats on the council ? 
 where is our embassy in idris ? '' 
 `` but that-that 's ridiculous , '' charlotte said , though she had blanched . 
 benedict shot charlotte an impatient look . 
 `` and irrelevant . 
 none of this excuses your behavior , de quincey . 
 while you sat in council with us , pretending you were interested in peace , behind our backs you broke the law and mocked our power . 
 surrender yourself , tell us what we want to know , and we might let your clan survive . 
 otherwise , there will be no mercy . '' 
 another vampire spoke . 
 it was one of the men who had strapped nathaniel to his chair , a big flame-haired man with an angry face . 
 `` if we needed any further proof that the nephilim have never meant their promises of peace , here it is . 
 dare to attack us , shadowhunters , and you 'll have a war on your hands ! '' 
 benedict only grinned . 
 `` then let the war begin here , '' he said , and flung the blade at de quincey . 
 it whipped through the air-and plunged hilt-deep into the chest of the redheaded vampire , who had flung himself in front of his clan leader . 
 he exploded in a shower of blood as the other vampires shrieked . 
 with a howl de quincey rushed benedict . 
 the other vampires seemed to awaken from their panicked stupor , and swiftly followed suit . 
 within seconds the room was a melee of screams and chaos . 
 the sudden chaos unfroze tessa as well . 
 catching up her skirts , she ran for the stage , and dropped to her knees next to nathaniel 's chair . 
 his head lolled to the side , his eyes closed . 
 the blood from the wound in his neck had flowed to a slow trickle . 
 tessa caught at his sleeve . 
 `` nate , '' she whispered . 
 `` nate , it 's me . '' 
 he moaned , but made no other reply . 
 biting her lip , tessa went to work on the manacles that fastened his wrists to the chair . 
 they were hard iron , fastened to the sturdy chair arms with rows of nails-clearly designed to withstand even vampire strength . 
 she pulled at them until her fingers bled , but they did n't budge . 
 if only she had one of will 's knives . 
 she glanced out over the room . 
 it was still dark with smoke . 
 in among the swirls of blackness , she could see the bright flashes of weapons , the shadowhunters brandishing the brilliant white daggers tessa knew now were called seraph blades , each one brought into shimmering life by the name of an angel . 
 vampire blood flew from the blades ' edges , as bright as a scatter of rubies . 
 she realized-with a shock of surprise , for the vampires at first had terrified her-that the vampires were clearly overmatched here . 
 though the night children were vicious and fast , the shadowhunters were nearly as fast , and had weapons and training on their side . 
 vampire after vampire fell under the onslaught of the seraph blades . 
 blood ran in sheets across the floor , soaking the edges of the persian rugs . 
 the smoke cleared in a spot , and tessa saw charlotte dispatching a burly vampire in a gray morning jacket . 
 she slashed the blade of her knife across his throat , and blood sprayed across the wall behind them . 
 he sank , snarling , to his knees , and charlotte finished him with a thrust of her blade to his chest . 
 a blur of motion exploded behind charlotte ; it was will , followed by a wild-eyed vampire brandishing a silver pistol . 
 he pointed it at will , aimed , and fired . 
 will dived out of the way and skidded across the bloody floor . 
 he rolled to his feet , and bounded up onto a velvet-seated chair . 
 ducking another shot , he leaped again , and tessa watched with amazement as he ran lightly along the backs of a row of chairs , leaping down from the last of them . 
 he whirled to face the vampire , now a distance from him across the room . 
 somehow a short-bladed knife gleamed in his hand , though tessa had not seen him draw it . 
 he threw it . 
 the vampire ducked aside , but was not quite fast enough ; the knife sank into his shoulder . 
 he roared in pain and was reaching for the knife when a slim , dark shadow reared up out of nowhere . 
 there was a flash of silver , and the vampire blew apart in a shower of blood and dust . 
 as the mess cleared , tessa saw jem , a long blade still raised in his fist . 
 he was grinning , but not at her ; he kicked the silver pistol-now lying abandoned among the vampire 's remains-hard , and it skidded across the floor , fetching up at will 's feet . 
 will nodded toward jem with a return of his grin , swept the pistol off the floor , and shoved it through his belt . 
 `` will ! '' 
 tessa called to him , though she was n't sure if he could hear her over the din . 
 `` will - '' something seized her by the back of her dress and hauled her up and backward . 
 it was like being caught in the talons of an enormous bird . 
 tessa screamed once , and found herself flung forward , skidding across the floor . 
 she hit the stack of chairs . 
 they crashed to the floor in a deafening mass , and tessa , sprawled among the mess , looked up with a shout of pain . 
 de quincey stood over her . 
 his black eyes were wild , rimmed with red ; his white hair straggled over his face in matted clumps , and his shirt was slashed open across the front , the edges of the tear soaked with blood . 
 he must have been cut , though not deeply enough to kill him , and had healed . 
 the skin under the torn shirt looked unmarked now . 
 `` bitch , '' he snarled at tessa . 
 `` lying traitorous bitch . 
 you brought that boy in here , camille . 
 that nephilim . '' 
 tessa scrambled backward ; her back hit the wall of fallen chairs . 
 `` i welcomed you back to the clan , even after your disgusting little-interlude-with the lycanthrope . 
 i tolerate that ridiculous warlock of yours . 
 and this is how you repay me . 
 repay us . '' 
 he held his hands out to her ; they were streaked with black ash . 
 `` you see this , '' he said . 
 `` the dust of our dead people . 
 dead vampires . 
 and you betrayed them for nephilim . '' 
 he spat the word as if it were poison . 
 something bubbled up out of tessa 's throat . 
 laughter . 
 not her laughter ; camille 's . '' 
 ` disgusting interlude ' ? '' 
 the words came out of tessa 's mouth before she could stop them . 
 it was as if she had no control over what she was saying . 
 `` i loved him-like you never loved me-like you 've never loved anything . 
 and you killed him just to show the clan that you could . 
 i want you to know what it is like to lose everything that matters to you . 
 i want you to know , as your home burns and your clan is brought to ashes and your own miserable life ends , that i am the one who is doing this to you . '' 
 and camille 's voice was gone just as quickly as it had come , leaving tessa feeling drained and shocked . 
 that did n't stop her , though , from using her hands , behind her , to scrabble among the smashed chairs . 
 surely there had to be something , some broken-off piece that she could use as a weapon . 
 de quincey was staring at her in shock , his mouth open . 
 tessa imagined that no one had ever talked to him like that . 
 certainly not another vampire . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said . 
 `` perhaps i underestimated you . 
 perhaps you will destroy me . '' 
 he advanced on her , his hands out , reaching . 
 `` but i will bring you with me - '' tessa 's fingers closed around the leg of a chair ; without even thinking about it , she swung the chair up and over and brought it crashing down on de quincey 's back . 
 she felt elated as he yelled and staggered back . 
 she scrambled to her feet as the vampire straightened up , and she swung the chair at him again . 
 this time a jagged bit of broken chair arm caught him across the face , opening up a long red cut . 
 his lips curled back from his teeth in a silent snarl , and he sprang-there was no other word for it . 
 it was like the silent spring of a cat . 
 he struck tessa to the ground , landing on top of her and knocking the chair from her hand . 
 he lunged at her throat , teeth bared , and she raked her clawed hand across his face . 
 his blood , where it dripped on her , seemed to burn , like acid . 
 she screamed and struck out at him harder , but he only laughed ; his pupils had disappeared into the black of his eyes , and he looked entirely inhuman , like some sort of monstrous predatory serpent . 
 he caught her wrists in his grasp and forced them down on either side of her , hard against the floor . 
 `` camille , '' he said , leaning down over her , his voice thick . 
 `` be still , little camille . 
 it will be over in moments - '' he threw his head back like a striking cobra . 
 terrified , tessa struggled to free her trapped legs , meaning to kick him , kick him as hard as she could - he yelled . 
 yelled and writhed , and tessa saw that there was a hand caught in his hair , yanking his head up and back , dragging him to his feet . 
 a hand inked all over with swirling black marks . 
 will 's hand . 
 de quincey was hauled screaming to his feet , his hands clamped to his head . 
 tessa struggled upright , staring , as will flung the howling vampire contemptuously away from him . 
 will was n't smiling anymore , but his eyes were glittering , and tessa could see why magnus had described their color as the sky in hell . 
 `` nephilim . '' 
 de quincey staggered , righted himself , and spat at will 's feet . 
 will drew the pistol from his belt and aimed it at de quincey . 
 `` one of the devil 's own abominations , are n't you ? 
 you do n't even deserve to live in this world with the rest of us , and yet when we let you do so out of pity , you throw our gift back in our faces . '' 
 `` as if we need your pity , '' de quincey replied . 
 `` as if we could ever be less than you . 
 you nephilim , thinking you are - '' he stopped abruptly . 
 he was so smeared with filth that it was hard to tell , but it looked as if the cut on his face had already healed . 
 `` are what ? '' 
 will cocked the pistol ; the click was loud even above the noise of the battle . 
 `` say it . '' 
 the vampire 's eyes burned . 
 `` say what ? '' '' 
 ` god , ' '' said will . 
 `` you were going to tell me that we nephilim play at god , were n't you ? 
 except you ca n't even say the word . 
 mock the bible all you want with your little collection , you still ca n't say it . '' 
 his finger was white on the trigger of the gun . 
 `` say it . 
 say it , and i 'll let you live . '' 
 the vampire bared his teeth . 
 `` you can not kill me with that-that stupid human toy . '' 
 `` if the bullet passes through your heart , '' will said , his aim unwavering , `` you 'll die . 
 and i am a very good shot . '' 
 tessa stood , frozen , staring at the tableau before her . 
 she wanted to step backward , to go to nathaniel , but she was afraid to move . 
 de quincey raised his head . 
 he opened his mouth . 
 a thin rattle came out as he tried to speak , tried to shape a word his soul would not let him say . 
 he gasped again , choked , and put a hand to his throat . 
 will began to laugh - and the vampire sprang . 
 his face twisted in a mask of rage and pain , he launched himself at will with a howl . 
 there was a blur of movement . 
 then the gun went off and there was a spray of blood . 
 will hit the floor , the pistol skidding from his grip , the vampire on top of him . 
 tessa scrambled to retrieve the pistol , caught it , and turned to see that de quincey had seized will from the back , his forearm jammed against will 's throat . 
 she raised the pistol , her hand shaking-but she had never used a pistol before , had never shot anything , and how to shoot the vampire without injuring will ? 
 will was clearly choking , his face suffused with blood . 
 de quincey snarled something and tightened his grip - and will , ducking his head , sank his teeth into the vampire 's forearm . 
 de quincey yelled and jerked his arm away ; will flung himself to the side , retching , and rolled to his knees to spit blood onto the stage . 
 when he looked up , glittering red blood was smeared across the lower half of his face . 
 his teeth shone red too when he-tessa could n't believe it-grinned , actually grinned , and looking at de quincey , said , `` how do you like it , vampire ? 
 you were going to bite that mundane earlier . 
 now you know what it 's like , do n't you ? '' 
 de quincey , on his knees , stared from will to the ugly red hole in his own arm , which was already beginning to close up , though dark blood still trickled from it thinly . 
 `` for that , '' he said , `` you will die , nephilim . '' 
 will spread his arms wide . 
 on his knees , grinning like a demon , blood dripping from his mouth , he barely looked human himself . 
 `` come and get me . '' 
 de quincey gathered himself to spring-and tessa pulled the trigger . 
 the gun kicked back , hard , into her hand , and the vampire fell sideways , blood streaming from his shoulder . 
 she had missed the heart . 
 damn it . 
 howling , de quincey began to pull himself to his feet . 
 tessa raised her arm , pulled the trigger on the pistol again-nothing . 
 a soft click let her know the gun was empty . 
 de quincey laughed . 
 he was still clutching his shoulder , though the blood flow had already slowed to a trickle . 
 `` camille , '' he spat at tessa . 
 `` i will be back for you . 
 i will make you sorry you were ever reborn . '' 
 tessa felt a chill at the pit of her stomach-not just her fear . 
 camille 's . 
 de quincey bared his teeth one last time and whirled with incredible speed . 
 he raced across the room and flung himself into a high glass window . 
 it shattered outward in an explosion of glass , carrying him forward as if his body were being carried on a wave , vanishing into the night . 
 will swore . 
 `` we ca n't lose him - , '' he began , and started forward . 
 then he spun as tessa screamed . 
 a ragged-looking male vampire had risen up behind her like a ghost appearing out of the air , and had snatched her by the shoulders . 
 she tried to pull free , but his grip was too strong . 
 she could hear him murmuring in her ear , horrible words about how she was a traitor to the night children , and how he would tear her open with his teeth . 
 `` tessa , '' will shouted , and she was n't sure if he sounded angry , or something else . 
 he reached for the gleaming weapons at his belt . 
 his hand closed around the hilt of a seraph blade , just as the vampire spun tessa around . 
 she caught sight of his leering white face , the blood-tipped fangs out , ready to tear . 
 the vampire lunged forward - and exploded in a shower of dust and blood . 
 he dissolved , the flesh melting away from his face and hands , and tessa caught sight for a moment of the blackened skeleton beneath before it , too , crumbled , leaving an empty pile of clothes behind . 
 clothes , and a gleaming silver blade . 
 she looked up . 
 jem stood a few feet away , looking very pale . 
 he held the blade in his left hand ; his right was empty . 
 there was a long cut along one of his cheeks , but he seemed otherwise uninjured . 
 his hair and eyes gleamed a brutal silver in the light of the dying flames . 
 `` i think , '' he said , `` that that was the last of them . '' 
 surprised , tessa glanced around the room . 
 the chaos had subsided . 
 shadowhunters moved here and there in the wreckage-some were seated on chairs , being attended to by stele-wielding healers-but she could not see a single vampire . 
 the smoke of the burning had subsided as well , though white ash from the torched curtains still floated down over the room like unexpected snow . 
 will , blood still dripping from his chin , looked at jem with his eyebrows raised . 
 `` nice throw , '' he said . 
 jem shook his head . 
 `` you bit de quincey , '' he said . 
 `` you fool . 
 he 's a vampire . 
 you know what it means to bite a vampire . '' 
 `` i had no choice , '' said will . 
 `` he was choking me . '' 
 `` i know , '' jem said . 
 `` but really , will . 
 again ? '' 
 it was henry , in the end , who freed nathaniel from the torture chair by the simple expedient of smashing it apart with the flat side of a sword until the manacles came free . 
 nathaniel slid to the floor , where he lay moaning , tessa cradling him . 
 charlotte fussed a bit , bringing wet cloths to clean nate 's face , and a ragged bit of curtain to throw over him , before she raced off to engage benedict lightwood in an energetic conversation-during which she alternated between pointing back at tessa and nathaniel and waving her hands in a dramatic manner . 
 tessa , utterly dazed and exhausted , wondered what on earth charlotte could be doing . 
 it hardly mattered , really . 
 everything seemed to be going on in a dream . 
 she sat on the floor with nathaniel as the shadowhunters moved around her , drawing on one another with their steles . 
 it was incredible to watch their injuries vanishing as the healing marks went onto their skin . 
 they all seemed equally able to draw the marks . 
 she watched as jem , wincing , unbuttoned his shirt to show a long cut along one pale shoulder ; he looked away , his mouth tight , as will drew a careful mark below the injury . 
 it was n't until will , having finished with jem , came sauntering over to her that she realized why she was so tired . 
 `` back to yourself , i see , '' he said . 
 he had a damp towel in one hand but had n't yet bothered to clean the blood off his face and neck . 
 tessa glanced down at herself . 
 it was true . 
 at some point she had lost camille and become herself again . 
 she must have been dazed indeed , she thought , not to have noticed the return of her own heartbeat . 
 it pulsed inside her chest like a drum . 
 `` i did n't know you knew how to use a pistol , '' will added . 
 `` i do n't , '' tessa said . 
 `` i think camille must have . 
 it was-instinctive . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` not that it matters , since it did n't work . '' 
 `` we rarely use them . 
 etching runes into the metal of a gun or bullet prevents the gunpowder from igniting ; no one knows why . 
 henry has tried to address the problem , of course , but not with any success . 
 since you ca n't kill a demon without a runed weapon or a seraph blade , guns are n't much use to us . 
 vampires die if you shoot them through the heart , admittedly , and werewolves can be injured if you have a silver bullet , but if you miss the vitals , they 'll just come at you angrier than ever . 
 runed blades simply work better for our purposes . 
 get a vampire with a runed blade and it 's much harder for them to recover and heal . '' 
 tessa looked at him , her gaze steady . 
 `` is n't it hard ? '' 
 will tossed the damp cloth aside . 
 it was scarlet with blood . 
 `` is n't what hard ? '' 
 `` killing vampires , '' she said . 
 `` they may not be people , but they look like people . 
 they feel as people do . 
 they scream and bleed . 
 is n't it hard to slaughter them ? '' 
 will 's jaw tightened . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` and if you really knew anything about them - '' `` camille feels , '' she said . 
 `` she loves and hates . '' 
 `` and she is still alive . 
 everyone has choices , tessa . 
 those vampires would not have been here tonight if they had n't made theirs . '' 
 he glanced down at nathaniel , limp in tessa 's lap . 
 `` nor , i imagine , would your brother have been . '' 
 `` i do n't know why de quincey wanted him dead , '' tessa said softly . 
 `` i do n't know what he could have done to incur the wrath of vampires . '' 
 `` tessa ! '' 
 it was charlotte , darting up to tessa and will like a hummingbird . 
 she still seemed so tiny , and so harmless , tessa thought-despite the fighting gear she wore and the black marks that laced her skin like curling snakes . 
 `` we 've been given permission to bring your brother back to the institute with us , '' she announced , gesturing at nathaniel with a small hand . 
 `` the vampires may well have drugged him . 
 he 's certainly been bitten , and who knows what else ? 
 he could turn darkling-or worse , if we do n't prevent it . 
 in any case , i doubt they 'll be able to help him in a mundane hospital . 
 with us , at least the silent brothers can see to him , poor thing . '' 
 `` poor thing ? '' 
 echoed will rather rudely . 
 `` he rather got himself into this , did n't he ? 
 no one told him to run off and get himself involved with a bunch of downworlders . '' 
 `` really , will . '' 
 charlotte eyed him coldly . 
 `` ca n't you have a little empathy ? '' 
 `` dear god , '' said will , looking from charlotte to nate and back again . 
 `` is there anything that makes women sillier than the sight of a wounded young man ? '' 
 tessa slitted her eyes at him . 
 `` you might want to clean the rest of the blood off your face before you continue arguing in that vein . '' 
 will threw his arms up into the air and stalked off . 
 charlotte looked at tessa , a half smile curving the side of her mouth . 
 `` i must say , i rather like the way you manage will . '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` no one manages will . '' 
 it was quickly decided that tessa and nathaniel would go with henry and charlotte in the town coach ; will and jem would ride home in a smaller carriage borrowed from charlotte 's aunt , with thomas as their driver . 
 the lightwoods and the rest of the enclave would stay behind to search de quincey 's house , leaving no evidence of their battle for the mundanes to find in the morning . 
 will had wanted to stay and take part in the search , but charlotte had been firm . 
 he had ingested vampire blood and needed to return to the institute as soon as possible to begin the cure . 
 thomas , however , would not allow will into the carriage as covered in blood as he was . 
 after announcing that he would return in `` half a tick , '' thomas had gone off to find a damp piece of cloth . 
 will leaned against the side of the carriage , watching as the enclave rushed in and out of de quincey 's house like ants , salvaging papers and furniture from the remains of the fire . 
 returning with a soapy rag , thomas handed it over to will , and leaned his big frame against the side of the carriage . 
 it rocked under his weight . 
 charlotte had always encouraged thomas to join jem and will for the physical parts of their training , and as the years had gone by , thomas had grown from a scrawny child to a man so large and muscular that tailors despaired over his measurements . 
 will might have been the better fighter-his blood made him that-but thomas 's commanding physical presence was not easy to ignore . 
 sometimes will could not help remembering thomas as he had first come to the institute . 
 he belonged to a family that had served the nephilim for years , but he had been born so frail they 'd thought he would n't live . 
 when he 'd reached twelve years of age , he 'd been sent to the institute ; at that time he 'd still been so small that he 'd looked barely nine . 
 will had made fun of charlotte for wanting to employ him , but had secretly hoped he would stay so that there might be another boy his own age in the house . 
 and they had been friends of a sort , the shadowhunter and the servant boy-until jem had come and will had forgotten thomas almost completely . 
 thomas had never seemed to hold it against him , treating will always with the same friendliness with which he treated everyone else . 
 `` always rum to see this sort of thing goin ' on , and none of the neighbors out for so much as a gander , '' thomas said now , glancing up and down the street . 
 charlotte had always demanded that the institute servants speak `` proper '' english within its walls , and thomas 's east end accent tended to come and go depending on whether he remembered . 
 `` there are heavy glamours at work here . '' 
 will scrubbed at his face and neck . 
 `` and i would imagine there are quite a few on this street who are not mundanes , who know to mind their own business when shadowhunters are involved . '' 
 `` well , you are a terrifying lot , that 's true , '' thomas said , so equably that will suspected he was being made fun of . 
 thomas pointed at will 's face . 
 `` you 'll have a stunner of a mouse tomorrow , if you do n't get an iratze on there . '' 
 `` maybe i want a black eye , '' said will peevishly . 
 `` did you think of that ? '' 
 thomas just grinned and swung himself up into the driver 's box at the front of the carriage . 
 will went back to scrubbing dried vampire blood off his hands and arms . 
 the task was absorbing enough that he was able to almost completely ignore gabriel lightwood when the other boy appeared out of the shadows and sauntered over to will , a superior smile plastered on his face . 
 `` nice work in there , herondale , setting the place on fire , '' gabriel observed . 
 `` good thing we were there to clean up after you , or the whole plan would have gone down in flames , along with the shreds of your reputation . '' 
 `` are you implying that shreds of my reputation remain intact ? '' 
 will demanded with mock horror . 
 `` clearly i have been doing something wrong . 
 or not doing something wrong , as the case may be . '' 
 he banged on the side of the carriage . 
 `` thomas ! 
 we must away at once to the nearest brothel ! 
 i seek scandal and low companionship . '' 
 thomas snorted and muttered something that sounded like `` bosh , '' which will ignored . 
 gabriel 's face darkened . 
 `` is there anything that is n't a joke to you ? '' 
 `` nothing that comes to mind . '' 
 `` you know , '' gabriel said , `` there was a time i thought we could be friends , will . '' 
 `` there was a time i thought i was a ferret , '' will said , `` but that turned out to be the opium haze . 
 did you know it had that effect ? 
 because i did n't . '' 
 `` i think , '' gabriel said , `` that perhaps you might consider whether jokes about opium are either amusing or tasteful , given the ... situation of your friend carstairs . '' 
 will froze . 
 still in the same tone of voice , he said , `` you mean his disability ? '' 
 gabriel blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's what you called it . 
 back at the institute . 
 his ` disability . ' '' 
 will tossed the bloody cloth aside . 
 `` and you wonder why we are n't friends . '' 
 `` i just wondered , '' gabriel said , in a more subdued voice , `` if perhaps you have ever had enough . '' 
 `` enough of what ? '' 
 `` enough of behaving as you do . '' 
 will crossed his arms over his chest . 
 his eyes glinted dangerously . 
 `` oh , i can never get enough , '' he said . 
 `` which , incidentally , is what your sister said to me when - '' the carriage door flew open . 
 a hand shot out , grabbed will by the back of the shirt , and hauled him inside . 
 the door banged shut after him , and thomas , sitting bolt upright , seized the reins of the horses . 
 a moment later the carriage had lurched forth into the night , leaving gabriel staring , infuriated , after it . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 jem , having deposited will onto the carriage seat opposite him , shook his head , his silvery eyes shining in the dimness . 
 he held his cane between his knees , his hand resting lightly atop the dragon 's - head carving . 
 the cane had belonged to jem 's father , will knew , and had been designed for him by a shadowhunter weapons maker in beijing . 
 `` baiting gabriel lightwood like that-why do you do it ? 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 `` you heard what he said about you - '' `` i do n't care what he says about me . 
 it 's what everyone thinks . 
 he just has the nerve to say it . '' 
 jem leaned forward , resting his chin on his hand . 
 `` you know , i can not function as your missing sense of self-preservation forever . 
 eventually you will have to learn to manage without me . '' 
 will , as he always did , ignored this . 
 `` gabriel lightwood is hardly much of a threat . '' 
 `` then forget gabriel . 
 is there a particular reason you keep biting vampires ? '' 
 will touched the dried blood on his wrists , and smiled . 
 `` they do n't expect it . '' 
 `` of course they do n't . 
 they know what happens when one of us consumes vampire blood . 
 they probably expect you to have more sense . '' 
 `` that expectation never seems to serve them very well , does it ? '' 
 `` it hardly serves you , either . '' 
 jem looked at will thoughtfully . 
 he was the only one who never fell out of temper with will . 
 whatever will did , the most extreme reaction he seemed to be able to provoke in jem was mild exasperation . 
 `` what happened in there ? 
 we were waiting for the signal - '' `` henry 's bloody phosphor did n't work . 
 instead of sending up a flare of light , it set the curtains on fire . '' 
 jem made a choked noise . 
 will glared at him . 
 `` it 's not funny . 
 i did n't know whether the rest of you were going to show up or not . '' 
 `` did you really think we would n't come after you when the whole place went up like a torch ? '' 
 jem asked reasonably . 
 `` they could have been roasting you over a spit , for all we knew . '' 
 `` and tessa , the silly creature , was supposed to be out the door with magnus , but she would n't leave - '' `` her brother was manacled to a chair in the room , '' jem pointed out . 
 `` i 'm not sure i would have left either . '' 
 `` i see you 're determined to miss my point . '' 
 `` if your point is that there was a pretty girl in the room and it was distracting you , then i think i 've taken your point handily . '' 
 `` you think she 's pretty ? '' 
 will was surprised ; jem rarely opined on this sort of thing . 
 `` yes , and you do too . '' 
 `` i had n't noticed , really . '' 
 `` yes , you have , and i 've noticed you noticing . '' 
 jem was smiling . 
 despite the stress of the battle , he looked healthy tonight . 
 there was color in his cheeks , and his eyes were a dark and steady silver . 
 there were times , when the illness was at its worst , when all the color drained even from his eyes , leaving them horribly pale , nearly white , with that black speck of pupil in the center like a speck of black ash on snow . 
 it was times like that when he also became delirious . 
 will had held jem down while he 'd thrashed about and cried out in another language and his eyes had rolled back into his head , and every time it happened , will thought that this was it , and jem was really going to die this time . 
 he sometimes then thought about what he would do afterward , but he could n't imagine it , any more than he could look back and remember his life before he had come to the institute . 
 neither bore thinking about for very long . 
 but then there were other times , like this , when he looked at jem and saw no mark of illness on him , and wondered what it would be like in a world where jem was not dying . 
 and that did not bear thinking about either . 
 it was a terrible black place in himself that the fear came from , a dark voice he could only silence with anger , risk , and pain . 
 `` will . '' 
 jem 's voice cut into will 's unpleasant reverie . 
 `` have you heard a single word i 've said in the past five minutes ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` we need n't talk about tessa if you do n't want to , you know . '' 
 `` it 's not tessa . '' 
 this was true . 
 will had n't been thinking about tessa . 
 he was getting good at not thinking about her , really ; all it took was determination and practice . 
 `` one of the vampires had a human servant who rushed me . 
 i killed him , '' said will . 
 `` without even thinking about it . 
 he was just a stupid human boy , and i killed him . '' 
 `` he was a darkling , '' said jem . 
 `` he was turning . 
 it would have been a matter of time . '' 
 `` he was just a boy , '' will said again . 
 he turned his face toward the window , though the brightness of the witchlight in the carriage meant that all he could see was his own face , reflected back at him . 
 `` i 'm going to get drunk when we get home , '' he added . 
 `` i think i 'm going to have to . '' 
 `` no , you wo n't , '' said jem . 
 `` you know exactly what will happen when we get home . '' 
 because he was right , will scowled . 
 ahead of will and jem , in the first carriage , tessa sat on the velvet bench seat across from henry and charlotte ; they were talking in murmurs about the night and how it had gone . 
 tessa let the words wash over her , barely caring . 
 only two shadowhunters had been killed , but de quincey 's escape was a disaster , and charlotte was worried that the enclave would be angry with her . 
 henry made soothing noises , but charlotte seemed inconsolable . 
 tessa would have felt bad for her , if she 'd had the energy to feel much at all . 
 nathaniel lay across tessa , his head in her lap . 
 she bent over him , stroking his filthy matted hair with her gloved fingers . 
 `` nate , '' she said , so softly that she hoped charlotte could n't hear her . 
 `` it 's all right now . 
 everything 's all right . '' 
 nathaniel 's lashes fluttered and his eyes opened . 
 his hand came up-the fingernails broken , his joints swollen and twisted-and he took tight hold of her hand , lacing his fingers through hers . 
 `` do n't go , '' he said thickly . 
 his eyes fluttered shut again ; he was clearly drifting in and out of consciousness , if he was really conscious at all . 
 `` tessie-stay . '' 
 no one else ever called her that ; she shut her eyes , willing the tears back . 
 she did not want charlotte-or any shadowhunter-to see her cry . 
 12 blood and water i dare not always touch her , lest the kiss leave my lips charred . 
 yea , lord , a little bliss , brief bitter bliss , one hath for a great sin ; nathless thou knowest how sweet a thing it is . 
 - algernon charles swinburne , `` laus veneris '' when they reached the institute , sophie and agatha were waiting at the open doors with lanterns . 
 tessa stumbled with tiredness as she left the carriage , and was surprised-and grateful-when sophie came to help her up the steps . 
 charlotte and henry half-carried nathaniel . 
 behind them the carriage with will and jem in it rattled through the gates , thomas 's voice carrying on the cool night air as he called out a greeting . 
 jessamine , not to tessa 's surprise , was nowhere to be seen . 
 they installed nathaniel in a bedroom much like tessa 's - the same dark heavy wood furniture , the same grand bed and wardrobe . 
 as charlotte and agatha settled nathaniel into the bed , tessa sank into the chair beside it , half-feverish with worry and exhaustion . 
 voices-soft sickroom voices-swirled around her . 
 she heard charlotte say something about the silent brothers , and henry answered in a subdued voice . 
 at some point sophie appeared at her elbow and urged her to drink something hot and sweet-sour that brought energy slowly flooding back into her veins . 
 soon enough she was able to sit up and look around her a bit , and she realized to her surprise that except for herself and her brother , the room was empty . 
 everyone had gone . 
 she glanced down at nathaniel . 
 he lay corpse-still , his face lividly bruised , his matted hair tangled against the pillows . 
 tessa could not help but recall with a pang the beautifully dressed brother of her memories , his fair hair always so carefully brushed and arranged , shoes and cuffs spotless . 
 this nathaniel did not look like someone who had ever spun his sister around the living room in a dance , humming to himself under his breath for the sheer joy of being alive . 
 she leaned forward , meaning to look more closely at his face , and saw a flicker of movement out of the corner of her eye . 
 turning her head , she saw it was only herself , reflected in the mirror on the far wall . 
 in camille 's dress , she looked to her own eyes like a child playing dress-up . 
 she was too slight for the sophisticated style of it . 
 she looked like a child-a silly child . 
 no wonder will had - `` tessie ? '' 
 nathaniel 's voice , weak and frail , broke her instantly out of her thoughts of will . 
 `` tessie , do n't leave me . 
 i think i 'm ill . '' 
 `` nate . '' 
 she reached for his hand , seized it between her gloved palms . 
 `` you 're all right . 
 you 'll be all right . 
 they 've sent for doctors ... . '' 
 `` who are ` they ' ? '' 
 his voice was a thin cry . 
 `` where are we ? 
 i do n't know this place . '' 
 `` this is the institute . 
 you 'll be safe here . '' 
 nathaniel blinked . 
 there were dark rings , almost black , around each of his eyes , and his lips were crusted with what looked like dried blood . 
 his eyes wandered from side to side , not fixing on anything . 
 `` shadowhunters . '' 
 he sighed the word on an exhale of breath . 
 `` i did n't think they really existed ... . 
 the magister , '' nathaniel whispered suddenly , and tessa 's nerves jumped . 
 `` he said they were the law . 
 he said they were to be feared . 
 but there is no law in this world . 
 there is no punishment-just killing or being killed . '' 
 his voice rose . 
 `` tessie , i 'm so sorry-about everything - '' `` the magister . 
 do you mean de quincey ? '' 
 tessa demanded , but nate made a choking sound then , and stared behind her with a look of terrible fear . 
 releasing his hand , tessa turned to see what he was staring at . 
 charlotte had come into the room almost noiselessly . 
 she was still wearing her men 's clothes , though she had thrown an old-fashioned long cloak on over them , with a double clasp at the throat . 
 she looked very small , in part because brother enoch stood beside her , casting a vast shadow across the floor . 
 he wore the same parchment robes he had before , though now his staff was black , its head carved in the shape of dark wings . 
 his hood was up , casting his face in shadow . 
 `` tessa , '' charlotte said . 
 `` you remember brother enoch . 
 he is here to help nathaniel . '' 
 with an animal howl of terror , nate caught at tessa 's wrist . 
 she looked down at him in bewilderment . 
 `` nathaniel ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` de quincey told me about them , '' nathaniel gasped . 
 `` the gregori-the silent brothers . 
 they can kill a man with a thought . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` tessa . '' 
 his voice was a whisper . 
 `` look at his face . '' 
 tessa looked . 
 while she had been talking to her brother , brother enoch had soundlessly drawn back his hood . 
 the smooth pits of his eyes reflected the witchlight , the glare unforgiving on the red , scarred stitching around his mouth . 
 charlotte took a step forward . 
 `` if brother enoch might examine mr. gray - '' `` no ! '' 
 tessa cried . 
 wrenching her arm from nate 's grasp , she put herself between her brother and the other two occupants of the room . 
 `` do n't touch him . '' 
 charlotte paused , looking troubled . 
 `` the silent brothers are our best healers . 
 without brother enoch , nathaniel ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 `` well , there is n't much we can do for him . '' 
 miss gray . 
 it took her a moment to realize that the word , her name , had n't been spoken out loud . 
 instead , like a snatch of a half-forgotten song , it had echoed inside her own head-but not in the voice of her own thoughts . 
 this thought was alien , inimical-other . 
 brother enoch 's voice . 
 it was the way he had spoken to her as he had left the room on her first day at the institute . 
 it is interesting , miss gray , brother enoch went on , that you are a downworlder , and yet your brother is not . 
 how did such a thing come to pass ? 
 tessa went still . 
 `` you-you can tell that just by looking at him ? '' 
 `` tessie ! '' 
 nathaniel pushed himself upright against the pillows , his pale face flushed . 
 `` what are you doing , talking to the gregori ? 
 he 's dangerous ! '' 
 `` it 's all right , nate , '' tessa said , not taking her eyes off brother enoch . 
 she knew she ought to be frightened , but what she really felt was a stab of disappointment . 
 `` you mean there 's nothing unusual about nate ? '' 
 she asked , in a low voice . 
 `` nothing supernatural ? '' 
 nothing at all , said the silent brother . 
 tessa had n't realized how much she was half-hoping that her brother was like her until this moment . 
 disappointment sharpened her voice . 
 `` i do n't suppose , since you know so much , that you know what i am ? 
 am i a warlock ? '' 
 i can not tell you . 
 there is that about you that marks you as one of lilith 's children . 
 yet there is no demon 's sign on you . 
 `` i did notice that , '' charlotte said , and tessa realized that she could hear brother enoch 's voice as well . 
 `` i thought perhaps she was n't a warlock . 
 some humans are born with some slight power , like the sight . 
 or she could have faerie blood - '' she is n't human . 
 she is something else . 
 i will study on it . 
 perhaps there is something in the archives to guide me . 
 eyeless as he was , brother enoch seemed to be searching tessa 's face with his gaze . 
 there is a power i sense you have . 
 a power no other warlock does . 
 `` the changing , you mean , '' said tessa . 
 no . 
 i do not mean that . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 tessa was astonished . 
 `` what could i - ? '' 
 she broke off at a noise from nathaniel . 
 turning , she saw that he had fought free of his blankets and was lying half-off the bed , as if he 'd attempted to get up ; his face was sweaty and deathly white . 
 guilt stabbed at her . 
 she 'd been caught up in what brother enoch had been saying and had forgotten her brother . 
 she darted to the bed , and with charlotte 's assistance she wrestled nate back onto the pillows , pulling the blanket up around him . 
 he seemed much worse than he had been moments before . 
 as tessa tucked the blanket around him , he caught at her wrist again , his eyes wild . 
 `` does he know ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` does he know where i am ? '' 
 `` who do you mean ? 
 de quincey ? '' 
 `` tessie . '' 
 he squeezed her wrist tightly , pulling her down to hiss a whisper into her ear . 
 `` you must forgive me . 
 he told me you would be the queen of them all . 
 he said they were going to kill me . 
 i do n't want to die , tessie . 
 i do n't want to die . '' 
 `` of course not , '' she soothed , but he did n't seem to hear her . 
 his eyes , fixed on her face , went suddenly wide , and he screamed . 
 `` keep it away from me ! 
 keep it away from me ! '' 
 he howled . 
 he pushed at her , thrashing his head back and forth on the pillows . 
 `` dear god , do n't let it touch me ! '' 
 frightened , tessa snatched her hand back , turning to charlotte-but charlotte had moved away from the bed , and brother enoch stood in her place , his eyeless face immobile . 
 you must let me help your brother . 
 or he will likely die , he said . 
 `` what is he raving about ? '' 
 tessa demanded wretchedly . 
 `` what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 the vampires gave him a drug , to keep him calm while they fed . 
 if he is not cured , the drug will drive him mad and then kill him . 
 already he has begun to hallucinate . 
 `` it 's not my fault ! '' 
 nathaniel shrieked . 
 `` i had no choice ! 
 it 's not my fault ! '' 
 he turned his face toward tessa ; she saw to her horror that his eyes had gone entirely black , like an insect 's eyes . 
 she gasped , backing away . 
 `` help him . 
 please help him . '' 
 she caught at brother enoch 's sleeve , and immediately regretted it ; the arm beneath the sleeve was as hard as marble , and freezing to the touch . 
 she dropped her hand in horror , but the silent brother did not seem to even notice her presence . 
 he had stepped past her , and now put his scarred fingers against nathaniel 's forehead . 
 nathaniel sank back against the pillows , his eyes closing . 
 you must leave . 
 brother enoch spoke without turning from the bed . 
 your presence will only slow his healing . 
 `` but nate asked me to stay - '' go . 
 the voice in tessa 's mind was icy . 
 tessa looked at her brother ; he was still against the pillows , his face gone slack . 
 she turned toward charlotte , meaning to protest , but charlotte met her glance with a small shake of the head . 
 her eyes were sympathetic , but unyielding . 
 `` as soon as your brother 's condition changes , i will find you . 
 i promise . '' 
 tessa looked at brother enoch . 
 he had opened the pouch at his waist and was setting objects down on the bedside table , slowly and methodically . 
 glass vials of powder and liquid , bunches of dried plants , sticks of some black substance like soft coal . 
 `` if anything happens to nate , '' tessa said , `` i shall never forgive you . 
 never . '' 
 it was like speaking to a statue . 
 brother enoch did not respond to her with so much as a twitch . 
 tessa fled from the room . 
 after the dimness of nate 's sickroom , the brightness of the sconces in the corridor stung tessa 's eyes . 
 she leaned against the wall by the door , willing her tears back . 
 it was the second time that evening she had nearly cried , and she was annoyed with herself . 
 clenching her right hand into a fist , she slammed it against the wall behind her , hard , sending a shock wave of pain up her arm . 
 that cleared the tears , and her head . 
 `` that looked like it hurt . '' 
 tessa turned . 
 jem had come up behind her in the corridor , as silent as a cat . 
 he had changed out of his gear . 
 he wore loose dark trousers tied at the waist , and a white shirt only a few shades lighter than his skin . 
 his fine bright hair was damp , curling against his temples and the nape of his neck . 
 `` it did . '' 
 tessa cradled her hand against her chest . 
 the glove she wore had softened the blow , but her knuckles still ached . 
 `` your brother , '' jem said . 
 `` is he going to be all right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he 's in there with one of those-those monk creatures . '' 
 `` brother enoch . '' 
 jem regarded her with sympathetic eyes . 
 `` i know how the silent brothers look , but they 're really very good doctors . 
 they set great store by healing and medicinal arts . 
 they live a long time , and know a great deal . '' 
 `` it hardly seems worth living a long time if you 're going to look like that . '' 
 the corner of jem 's mouth twitched . 
 `` i suppose it depends on what you 're living for . '' 
 he looked at her more closely . 
 there was something about the way jem looked at her , she thought . 
 like he could see into and through her . 
 but nothing inside her , nothing he saw or heard , could bother or upset or disappoint him . 
 `` brother enoch , '' she said suddenly . 
 `` do you know what he said ? 
 he told me that nate is n't like me . 
 he 's fully human . 
 no special powers at all . '' 
 `` and that upsets you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 on the one hand i would n't wish this-this thing i am-on him , or anyone . 
 but if he is n't like me , then it means he is n't completely my brother . 
 he 's my parents ' son . 
 but whose daughter am i ? '' 
 `` you ca n't concern yourself with that . 
 certainly it would be wonderful if we all knew exactly who we were . 
 but that knowledge does n't come from outside , but from inside . 
 ` know thyself , ' as the oracle says . '' 
 jem grinned . 
 `` my apologies if that sounds like sophistry . 
 i 'm only telling you what i 've learned from my own experience . '' 
 `` but i do n't know myself . '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 after the way you fought at de quincey 's , you must think i 'm a terrible coward , crying because my brother is n't a monster and i do n't have the courage to be a monster all by myself . '' 
 `` you 're not a monster , '' said jem . 
 `` or a coward . 
 on the contrary , i was quite impressed by the way you shot at de quincey . 
 you would almost certainly have killed him if there 'd been any more bullets in the gun . '' 
 `` yes , i think i would have . 
 i wanted to kill them all . '' 
 `` that 's what camille asked us to do , you know . 
 kill them all . 
 perhaps it was her emotions you were feeling ? '' 
 `` but camille has no reason to care about nate , or what happens to him , and that was when i felt most murderous . 
 when i saw nate there , when i realized what they were planning to do - '' she took a shuddering breath . 
 `` i do n't know how much of that was me and how much was camille . 
 and i do n't even know if it 's right to have those sort of feelings - '' `` you mean , '' asked jem , `` for a girl to have those feelings ? '' 
 `` for anyone to have them , maybe-i do n't know . 
 maybe i mean for a girl to have them . '' 
 jem seemed to look through her then , as if he were seeing something beyond her , beyond the corridor , beyond the institute itself . 
 `` whatever you are physically , '' he said , `` male or female , strong or weak , ill or healthy-all those things matter less than what your heart contains . 
 if you have the soul of a warrior , you are a warrior . 
 whatever the color , the shape , the design of the shade that conceals it , the flame inside the lamp remains the same . 
 you are that flame . '' 
 he smiled then , seeming to have come back to himself , slightly embarrassed . 
 `` that 's what i believe . '' 
 before tessa could reply , nate 's door opened , and charlotte came out . 
 she responded to tessa 's questioning look with an exhausted-looking nod . 
 `` brother enoch has helped your brother a great deal , '' she said , `` but there is much left to be done , and it will be morning before we know more . 
 i suggest you go to sleep , tessa . 
 exhausting yourself wo n't help nathaniel . '' 
 with an effort of will tessa forced herself simply to nod , and not to fling herself at charlotte with a barrage of questions she knew she would n't get answers to . 
 `` and jem . '' 
 charlotte turned to him . 
 `` if i could talk to you for a few moments ? 
 will you walk with me to the library ? '' 
 jem nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he smiled at tessa , inclining his head . 
 `` tomorrow , then , '' he said , and followed charlotte down the corridor . 
 the moment they vanished around the corner , tessa tried the door of nate 's room . 
 it was locked . 
 with a sigh she turned and headed the other way down the corridor . 
 perhaps charlotte was right . 
 perhaps she ought to get some sleep . 
 halfway down the corridor she heard a commotion . 
 sophie , a metal pail in each of her hands , suddenly appeared in the hallway , banging a door shut behind her . 
 she looked livid . 
 `` his highness is in a particularly fine temper this evening , '' she announced as tessa approached . 
 `` he threw a pail at my head , he did . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 tessa asked , and then realized . 
 `` oh , you mean will . 
 is he all right ? '' 
 `` well enough to throw pails , '' sophie said crossly . 
 `` and to call me a nasty name . 
 i do n't know what it meant . 
 i think it was in french , and that usually means someone 's calling you a whore . '' 
 she tightened her lips . 
 `` i 'd best run and get mrs. branwell . 
 maybe she can get him to take the cure , if i ca n't . '' 
 `` the cure ? '' 
 `` he must drink this . '' 
 sophie thrust a pail toward tessa ; tessa could n't quite see what was in it , but it looked like ordinary water . 
 `` he has to . 
 or i would n't like to say as what 'll happen . '' 
 a mad impulse took hold of tessa . 
 `` i 'll get him to do it . 
 where is he ? '' 
 `` upstairs , in the attic . '' 
 sophie 's eyes were large . 
 `` but i would n't if i was you , miss . 
 he 's downright nasty when he 's like this . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' tessa said , reaching for the pail . 
 sophie handed it to her with a look of relief and apprehension . 
 it was surprisingly heavy , filled to the brim with water and slopping over . 
 `` will herondale needs to learn to take his medicine like a man , '' tessa added , and pushed open the door to the attic , sophie looking after her with an expression that clearly said she thought tessa had gone out of her head . 
 beyond the door was a narrow flight of stairs going up . 
 she held the pail in front of her as she went ; it slopped water onto the bodice of her dress , raising goose bumps on her skin . 
 by the time she had reached the top of the steps , she was damp and breathless . 
 there was no door at the head of the stairs ; they ended abruptly at the attic , a huge room whose roof was so steeply gabled that it gave the impression of being low-ceilinged . 
 rafters just above tessa 's head ran the length of the room , and there were very low square windows set at intervals in the walls , through which tessa could see the gray dawn light . 
 the floor was bare polished boards . 
 there was no furniture at all , and no light beyond the pale illumination that came from the windows . 
 a set of even narrower stairs led to a closed trapdoor in the ceiling . 
 in the center of the room lay will , barefoot , flat on his back on the floor . 
 a number of pails surrounded him-and the floor around him , tessa saw as she approached , was soaked with water . 
 water ran in rivulets down the boards and pooled in the uneven hollows of the floor . 
 some of the water was tinged reddish , as if it had been mixed with blood . 
 will had an arm thrown over his face , hiding his eyes . 
 he was not lying still , but moving restlessly , as if he were in some pain . 
 as tessa neared , he said something in a low voice , something that sounded like a name . 
 cecily , tessa thought . 
 yes , it sounded very much as if he had said the name cecily . 
 `` will ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` who are you talking to ? '' 
 `` back , are you , sophie ? '' 
 will replied without raising his head . 
 `` i told you if you brought me another one of those infernal pails , i 'd - '' `` it 's not sophie , '' tessa said . 
 `` it 's me . 
 tessa . '' 
 for a moment will was silent-and motionless , save for the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed . 
 he wore only a pair of dark trousers and a white shirt , and like the floor around him , he was soaking wet . 
 the fabric of his clothes clung to him , and his black hair was pasted to his head like wet cloth . 
 he must have been freezing cold . 
 `` they sent you ? '' 
 he said finally . 
 he sounded incredulous , and something else , too . 
 `` yes , '' answered tessa , though this was not strictly true . 
 will opened his eyes and turned his head toward her . 
 even in the dimness she could see the intensity of his eye color . 
 `` very well , then . 
 leave the water and go . '' 
 tessa glanced down at the pail . 
 for some reason her hands did not seem to want to let go of the metal handle . 
 `` what is it , then ? 
 i mean to say-what am i bringing you , exactly ? '' 
 `` they did n't tell you ? '' 
 he blinked at her in surprise . 
 `` it 's holy water . 
 to burn out what 's in me . '' 
 it was tessa 's turn to blink . 
 `` you mean - '' `` i keep forgetting everything you do n't know , '' will said . 
 `` do you recall earlier this evening when i bit de quincey ? 
 well , i swallowed some of his blood . 
 not much , but it does n't take much to do it . '' 
 `` to do what ? '' 
 `` to turn you into a vampire . '' 
 at that , tessa nearly did drop the pail . 
 `` you 're turning into a vampire ? '' 
 will grinned at that , propping himself up on one elbow . 
 `` do n't alarm yourself unduly . 
 it requires days for the transformation to occur , and even then , i would have to die before it took hold . 
 what the blood would do is make me irresistibly drawn to vampires-drawn to them in the hopes that they 'd make me one of them . 
 like their human subjugates . '' 
 `` and the holy water ... '' `` counteracts the effects of the blood . 
 i must keep drinking it . 
 it makes me sick , of course-makes me cough up the blood and everything else in me . '' 
 `` good lord . '' 
 tessa thrust the pail toward him with a grimace . 
 `` i suppose i had better give it to you , then . '' 
 `` i suppose you had . '' 
 will sat up , and put his hands out to take the pail from her . 
 he scowled down at the contents , then held it up and tipped it toward his mouth . 
 after swallowing a few mouthfuls , he grimaced and dumped the rest unceremoniously over his head . 
 finished , he tossed the bucket aside . 
 `` does that help ? '' 
 tessa asked with honest curiosity . 
 `` pouring it over your head like that ? '' 
 will made a strangled noise that was only somewhat of a laugh . 
 `` the questions you ask ... '' he shook his head , flinging droplets of water from his hair onto tessa 's clothes . 
 water soaked the collar and front of his white shirt , turning it transparent . 
 the way it clung to him , showing the lines of him underneath-the ridges of hard muscle , the sharp line of collarbone , the marks burning through like black fire-it made tessa think of the way one might lay thin paper down over a brass engraving , brushing charcoal over it to bring the shape through . 
 she swallowed , hard . 
 `` the blood makes me feverish , makes my skin burn , '' will said . 
 `` i ca n't get cool . 
 but , yes , the water helps . '' 
 tessa just stared at him . 
 when he had come into her room at the dark house , she had thought he was the most beautiful boy she 'd ever seen , but just now , looking at him-she had never looked at a boy like that , not in this way that brought blood hot to her face , and tightened her chest . 
 more than anything else she wanted to touch him , to touch his wet hair , to see if his arms , corded with muscle , were as hard as they looked , or if his callused palms were rough . 
 to put her cheek against his , and feel his eyelashes brush her skin . 
 such long lashes ... `` will , '' she said , and her voice sounded thin to her own ears . 
 `` will , i want to ask you ... '' he looked up at her . 
 the water made his lashes cling to one another , so that they formed starlike sharp points . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you act like you do n't care about anything , '' she said on an exhale of breath . 
 she felt as if she had been running , and had crested a hill and was racing down the other side , and there was no stopping now . 
 gravity was taking her where she had to go . 
 `` but-everyone cares about something . 
 do n't they ? '' 
 `` do they ? '' 
 will said softly . 
 when she did n't answer , he leaned back on his hands . 
 `` tess , '' he said . 
 `` come over here and sit by me . '' 
 she did . 
 it was cold and damp on the floor , but she sat , gathering her skirts up around her so only the tips of her boots showed . 
 she looked at will ; they were very close together , facing each other . 
 his profile in the gray light was cold and clean ; only his mouth had any softness . 
 `` you never laugh , '' she said . 
 `` you behave as if everything is funny to you , but you never laugh . 
 sometimes you smile when you think no one is paying attention . '' 
 for a moment he was silent . 
 then , `` you , '' he said , half-reluctantly . 
 `` you make me laugh . 
 from the moment you hit me with that bottle . '' 
 `` it was a jug , '' she said automatically . 
 his lips quirked up at the corners . 
 `` not to mention the way that you always correct me . 
 with that funny look on your face when you do it . 
 and the way you shouted at gabriel lightwood . 
 and even the way you talked back to de quincey . 
 you make me ... '' he broke off , looking at her , and she wondered if she looked the way she felt-stunned and breathless . 
 `` let me see your hands , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 she gave them to him , palms up , hardly looking at them herself . 
 she could not look away from his face . 
 `` there 's still blood , '' he told her . 
 `` on your gloves . '' 
 and , looking down , she saw it was true . 
 she had not taken off camille 's white leather gloves , and they were streaked with blood and dirt , shredded near the fingertips where she had pried at nate 's manacles . 
 `` oh , '' she said , and began to draw her hands back , meaning to take the gloves off , but will let go of only her left hand . 
 he continued to hold the right one , lightly , by the wrist . 
 there was a heavy silver ring on his right index finger , she saw , carved with a delicate design of birds in flight . 
 his head was bent , his damp black hair falling forward ; she could n't see his face . 
 he brushed his fingers lightly over the surface of the glove . 
 there were four pearl buttons fastening it closed at the wrist , and as he ran his fingertips over them , they sprang open and the pad of his thumb brushed against the bare skin of her inner wrist , where the blue veins pulsed . 
 she nearly jumped out of her skin . 
 `` will . '' 
 `` tessa , '' he said . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 he was still stroking the inside of her wrist , his touch doing odd delicious things to her skin and nerves . 
 her voice shook when she spoke . 
 `` i-i want to understand you . '' 
 he looked up at her , through his lashes . 
 `` is that really necessary ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' tessa said . 
 `` i 'm not sure anyone does understand you , except possibly jem . '' 
 `` jem does n't understand me , '' will said . 
 `` he cares for me-like a brother might . 
 it 's not the same thing . '' 
 `` do n't you want him to understand you ? '' 
 `` dear god , no , '' he said . 
 `` why should he need to know my reasons for living my life as i do ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' tessa said , `` he simply wants to know that there is a reason . '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 will asked softly , and with a swift motion he slipped her glove entirely off her hand . 
 the chilly air of the room struck the bare skin of her fingers with a shock , and a shiver passed over tessa 's entire body , as if she had found herself suddenly naked in the cold . 
 `` do reasons matter when there 's nothing that can be done to change things ? '' 
 tessa reached for an answer , and found none . 
 she was shivering , almost too hard to speak . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 lacing his fingers with hers , will took her hand and pressed it to his cheek . 
 she was startled by the feverish heat of his skin . 
 `` tess , '' he said , his voice thick and soft with desire , and she leaned toward him , swaying like a tree whose branches were weighted by snow . 
 her whole body ached ; she ached , as if there were a terrible hollow emptiness inside her . 
 she was more conscious of will than she had ever been of anything or anyone else in her life , of the faint shine of blue beneath his half-closed lids , of the shadow of light stubble across his jaw where he had n't shaved , of faint white scars that dotted the skin of his shoulders and throat-and more than anything else of his mouth , the crescent shape of it , the slight dent in the center of his bottom lip . 
 when he leaned toward her and brushed his lips across hers , she reached for him as if she would otherwise drown . 
 for a moment their mouths pressed hotly together , will 's free hand tangling in her hair . 
 tessa gasped when his arms went around her , her skirts snagging on the floor as he pulled her hard against him . 
 she put her hands lightly around his neck ; his skin was burning hot to the touch . 
 through the thin wet material of his shirt , she could feel the muscles of his shoulders , hard and smooth . 
 his fingers found her jeweled hair clasp and pulled at it , and her hair spilled down around her shoulders , the comb rattling to the floor , and tessa gave a little cry of surprise against his mouth . 
 and then , without warning , he ripped his hands from her and pushed hard against her shoulders , shoving her away from him with such force that she nearly fell backward , and only stopped herself awkwardly , her hands braced on the floor behind her . 
 she sat with her hair hanging down around her like a tangled curtain , staring at him in amazement . 
 will was on his knees , his chest hitching up and down as if he had been running incredibly fast and far . 
 he was pale , except for two fever splotches of red across his cheeks . 
 `` god in heaven , '' he whispered . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 tessa felt her cheeks turn scarlet . 
 was n't will the one who was supposed to know exactly what that was , and was n't she the one who was supposed to have pushed him away ? 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 his hands were fists at his sides ; she could see them trembling . 
 `` tessa , i think you had better go . '' 
 `` go ? '' 
 her mind whirled ; she felt as if she had been in a warm , safe place and without warning had been cast out into a freezing , empty darkness . 
 `` i ... i should not have been so forward . 
 i 'm sorry - '' a look of intense pain flashed across his face . 
 `` god . 
 tessa . '' 
 the words seemed dragged out of him . 
 `` please . 
 just leave . 
 i ca n't have you here . 
 it 's - not possible . '' 
 `` will , please - '' `` no . '' 
 he jerked his gaze away from hers , averting his face , his eyes fixed on the floor . 
 `` i 'll tell you anything you want to know tomorrow . 
 anything . 
 just leave me alone now . '' 
 his voice broke unevenly . 
 `` tessa . 
 i 'm begging you . 
 do you understand ? 
 i 'm begging you . 
 please , please leave . '' 
 `` very well , '' tessa said , and saw with a mixture of amazement and pain that the lines of tension went out of his shoulders . 
 was it that much of a horror having her there , and that much of a relief that she was leaving ? 
 she rose to her feet , her dress damp and cold and heavy , her feet nearly slipping on the wet floor . 
 will did n't move or look up , but stayed where he was on his knees , staring at the ground as tessa made her way across the room and down the stairs , without looking back . 
 some time later , her room half-lit with the wan glow of the london sunrise , tessa lay on the bed , too exhausted to change out of camille 's clothes-too exhausted , even , to sleep . 
 it had been a day of firsts . 
 the first time she had used her power at her own wish and discretion , and had felt good about it . 
 the first time she had fired a pistol . 
 and-the only first she had ever dreamed of , for years-her first kiss . 
 tessa rolled over , burying her face in the pillow . 
 for so many years she had wondered what her first kiss would be like-if he would be handsome , if he would love her , if he would be kind . 
 she had never imagined that the kiss would be so brief and desperate and wild . 
 or that it would taste of holy water . 
 holy water and blood . 
 13 something dark sometimes we are less unhappy in being deceived by those we love , than in being undeceived by them . 
 - francois la rochefoucauld , maxims tessa woke the next day to sophie lighting the lamp by her bedside . 
 with a moan tessa made a move to cover her aching eyes . 
 `` now , then , miss . '' 
 sophie addressed tessa with her usual briskness . 
 `` you 've gone and slept the day away . 
 it 's past eight o'clock in the evening , and charlotte said to wake you . '' 
 `` past eight ? 
 at night ? '' 
 tessa threw back her blankets , only to realize , to her surprise , that she was still wearing camille 's gown , now crushed and crumpled , not to mention stained . 
 she must have collapsed into bed still entirely dressed . 
 memories of the night before began to flood into her mind-the white faces of vampires , the fire eating its way up the curtains , magnus bane laughing , de quincey , nathaniel , and will . 
 oh , god , she thought . 
 will . 
 she pushed the thought of him from her mind and sat up , looking anxiously at sophie . 
 `` my brother , '' she said . 
 `` is he ... '' sophie 's smile wavered . 
 `` no worse , really , but no better , either . '' 
 seeing tessa 's stricken expression , she said , `` a hot bath and food , miss , that 's what you need . 
 it wo n't make your brother any better for you to starve and let yourself get filthy . '' 
 tessa looked down at herself . 
 camille 's dress was ruined , that was evident-torn and stained with blood and ash in a dozen places . 
 her silk stockings were ripped , her feet filthy , her hands and arms streaked with grime . 
 she hesitated to think about the state of her hair . 
 `` i suppose you 're right . '' 
 the bathtub was an oval claw-footed affair hidden behind a japanese screen in a corner of the room . 
 sophie had filled it with hot water that was already beginning to cool . 
 tessa slid behind the screen , undressed , and lowered herself into the bath . 
 the hot water came up to her shoulders , warming her . 
 for a moment she sat motionless , letting the heat soak into her chilled bones . 
 slowly she began to relax , and closed her eyes - memories of will flooded in on her . 
 will , the attic , the way he had touched her hand . 
 the way he had kissed her , then ordered her away . 
 she ducked under the surface of the water as if she could hide from the humiliating memory . 
 it did n't work . 
 drowning yourself wo n't help , she told herself sternly . 
 now , drowning will , on the other hand ... she sat up , reached for the cake of lavender soap on the edge of the bath , and scrubbed her skin and hair with it until the water turned black with ash and dirt . 
 perhaps it was n't actually possible to scrub away your thoughts of someone , but she could try . 
 sophie was waiting for tessa when she emerged from behind the screen . 
 there was a tray of sandwiches and tea at the ready . 
 in front of the mirror , she helped tessa dress in her yellow gown trimmed with dark braid ; it was fussier than tessa would have preferred , but jessamine had liked the design very much in the shop and had insisted that tessa have it made for her . 
 i ca n't wear yellow , but it 's ever so suitable for girls with dull brown hair like yours , she 'd said . 
 the feeling of the brush going through her hair was very pleasant ; it reminded tessa of when she had been a small girl and aunt harriet had brushed her hair for her . 
 it was soothing enough that when sophie spoke next , it jolted her slightly . 
 `` did you manage to get mr. herondale to take his medicine last night , miss ? '' 
 `` oh , i - '' tessa scrambled to collect herself , but it was too late ; scarlet color had flooded up her neck into her face . 
 `` he did n't want to , '' she finished lamely . 
 `` but i convinced him in the end . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 sophie 's expression did n't change , but the rhythmic strokes of the brush through tessa 's hair began to come faster . 
 `` i know it 's not my place , but - '' `` sophie , you can say anything you want to me , truly . '' 
 `` it 's just-master will . '' 
 sophie 's words came out in a rush . 
 `` he is n't someone you should care for , miss tessa . 
 not like that . 
 he is n't to be trusted , or relied on . 
 he-he is n't what you think he is . '' 
 tessa clasped her hands in her lap . 
 she felt a vague sense of unreality . 
 had things really gone so far that she needed to be warned off will ? 
 and yet it was good to have someone to talk to about him . 
 she felt a bit like a starving person being offered food . 
 `` i do n't know what i think he is , sophie . 
 he 's like one thing sometimes , and then he can change completely , like the wind changing , and i do n't know why , or what 's happened - '' `` nothing . 
 nothing 's happened . 
 he just does n't care about anyone but himself . '' 
 `` he cares about jem , '' tessa said quietly . 
 the brush went still ; sophie had paused , frozen . 
 there was something she wanted to say , tessa thought , something she was holding herself back from saying . 
 but what was it ? 
 the brush began to move again . 
 `` that 's not enough , though . '' 
 `` you mean that i should n't wring my heart out over some boy who will never care for me - '' `` no ! '' 
 sophie said . 
 `` there are worse things than that . 
 it 's all right to love someone who does n't love you back , as long as they 're worth you loving them . 
 as long as they deserve it . '' 
 the passion in sophie 's voice surprised tessa . 
 she twisted around to look at the other girl . 
 `` sophie , is there someone you care for ? 
 is it thomas ? '' 
 sophie looked astonished . 
 `` thomas ? 
 no . 
 what ever gave you that idea ? '' 
 `` well , because i think he cares for you , '' tessa said . 
 `` i 've seen him looking at you . 
 he watches you when you 're in the room . 
 i suppose i thought ... '' her voice trailed off at sophie 's flabbergasted look . 
 `` thomas ? '' 
 sophie said again . 
 `` no , that could n't be . 
 i 'm sure he has n't any such thoughts about me . '' 
 tessa did n't move to contradict her ; clearly , whatever feelings thomas might have had , sophie did n't return them . 
 which left ... `` will ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 `` do you mean you cared for will once ? '' 
 which would explain the bitterness and the dislike , she thought , considering how will treated girls who fancied him . 
 `` will ? '' 
 sophie sounded absolutely horrified-horrified enough to forget to call will mr. herondale . 
 `` are you asking me if i was ever in love with him ? '' 
 `` well , i thought - i mean , he 's awfully handsome . '' 
 tessa realized she sounded rather feeble . 
 `` there 's more to someone being lovable than the way they look . 
 my last employer , '' sophie said , her careful accent slipping with her excitement as she spoke , so that `` last '' sounded more like `` larst , '' `` he was always off on safari in africa and india , shooting tigers and things . 
 and he told me that the way you can tell if a bug or a snake is poisonous , like , is if it 's got really lovely , bright markings . 
 the more beautiful its skin is , the more deadly it is . 
 that 's what will 's like . 
 all that pretty face and whatnot just hides how twisted up and rotten he is on the inside . '' 
 `` sophie , i do n't know - '' `` there 's something dark in him , '' sophie said . 
 `` something black and dark that he 's hiding . 
 he 's got some sort of secret , the kind that eats you up inside . '' 
 she set the silver-haired brush down on the vanity , and tessa saw with surprise that her hand was shaking . 
 `` you mark my words . '' 
 after sophie left , tessa took the clockwork angel from her bedside table and strung it around her neck . 
 as it settled against her chest , she felt immediately reassured . 
 she had missed it while she 'd been disguised as camille . 
 its presence was a comfort , and-though it was foolish , she knew-she thought perhaps that if she visited nate while wearing it , he might feel its presence and be reassured as well . 
 she kept her hand on it as she shut the bedroom door behind her , made her way down the corridor , and knocked on his door softly . 
 when there was no answer , she took hold of the knob and pushed the door open . 
 the curtains in the room were drawn back , the room half-filled with light , and she could see nate asleep on his back against a mound of pillows . 
 he had one arm flung across his forehead , and his cheeks were bright with fever . 
 he was n't alone , either . 
 in the armchair by the head of the bed sat jessamine , a book open on her lap . 
 she met tessa 's surprised look with a cool and level stare . 
 `` i - , '' tessa began , and collected herself . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i thought i would read to your brother for a while , '' jessamine said . 
 `` everyone 's been asleep half the day , and he was being cruelly neglected . 
 just sophie checking in on him , and you ca n't count on her for decent conversation . '' 
 `` nate 's unconscious , jessamine ; he does n't want conversation . '' 
 `` you ca n't be sure , '' jessamine said . 
 `` i 've heard that people can hear what you say to them even if they 're quite unconscious , or even dead . '' 
 `` he 's not dead , either . '' 
 `` certainly not . '' 
 jessamine gave him a lingering look . 
 `` he 's far too handsome to die . 
 is he married , tessa ? 
 or is there a girl back in new york who has a claim on him ? '' 
 `` on nate ? '' 
 tessa stared . 
 there had always been girls , all sorts of girls , who 'd been interested in nate , but he had the attention span of a butterfly . 
 `` jessamine , he is n't even conscious . 
 now is hardly the time - '' `` he 'll get better , '' jessamine announced . 
 `` and when he does , he 'll know i 'm the one who nursed him back to health . 
 men always fall in love with the woman who nurses them back to health . 
 ` when pain and anguish wring the brow , / a ministering angel thou ! ' '' 
 she finished , with a self-satisfied smirk . 
 seeing tessa 's horrified look , she scowled . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 am i not good enough for your precious brother ? '' 
 `` he does n't have any money , jessie - '' `` i have enough money for both of us . 
 i just need someone to take me away from this place . 
 i told you that . '' 
 `` in fact , you asked me if i 'd be the one to do it . '' 
 `` is that what 's putting you out of countenance ? '' 
 jessamine asked . 
 `` really , tessa , we can still be the best of friends once we 're sisters-in-law , but a man is always better than a woman for this sort of thing , do n't you think ? '' 
 tessa could think of nothing to say in reply . 
 jessamine shrugged . 
 `` charlotte wishes to see you , by the way . 
 in the drawing room . 
 she wanted me to tell you . 
 you do n't need to worry about nathaniel . 
 i 've been checking his temperature every quarter hour and putting cold compresses on his forehead besides . '' 
 tessa was n't sure she believed any of this , but as jessamine was patently uninterested in giving up her place by nathaniel 's side , and it hardly seemed worth a battle , she turned with a disgusted sigh and left the room . 
 the door to the drawing room , when she reached it , was slightly ajar ; she could hear raised voices from the other side . 
 she hesitated , her hand half-lifted to knock-then she heard the sound of her own name and she froze . 
 `` this is n't the london hospital . 
 tessa 's brother should n't be here ! '' 
 it was will 's voice , raised to a shout . 
 `` he 's not a downworlder , just a stupid , venal mundane who found himself mixed up in something he could n't manage - '' charlotte replied , `` he ca n't be treated by mundane doctors . 
 not for what 's wrong with him . 
 be reasonable , will . '' 
 `` he already knows about downworld . '' 
 the voice was jem 's : calm , logical . 
 `` in fact , he may know quite a bit of important information that we do n't know . 
 mortmain claimed nathaniel was working for de quincey ; he might have information about de quincey 's plans , the automatons , the whole magister business-all of it . 
 de quincey wanted him dead , after all . 
 perhaps it was because he knew something he should n't . '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 then , `` we can call in the silent brothers again , then , '' said will . 
 `` they can claw through his mind , see what they find . 
 we need n't wait for him to wake up . '' 
 `` you know that sort of process is delicate with mundanes , '' protested charlotte . 
 `` brother enoch has already said that the fever has driven mr. gray into hallucinations . 
 it 's impossible for him to sort through what in the boy 's mind is the truth and what is feverish delirium . 
 not without damaging his mind , possibly permanently . '' 
 `` i doubt it was that much of a mind to begin with . '' 
 tessa heard will 's tone of disgust even through the door and felt her stomach tighten with rage . 
 `` you know nothing about the man . '' 
 jem spoke more coldly than tessa had ever heard him speak before . 
 `` i ca n't imagine what 's driving this mood of yours , will , but it does you no credit . '' 
 `` i know what it is , '' charlotte said . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 will sounded appalled . 
 `` you 're as upset as i am about how last night went . 
 we had only two fatalities , true , but de quincey 's escape does n't reflect well on us . 
 it was my plan . 
 i pushed it on the enclave , and now they will blame me for anything that went wrong . 
 not to mention that camille has had to go into hiding since we 've no idea where de quincey is , and by now he probably has a blood price on her head . 
 and magnus bane , of course , is furious with us that camille has vanished . 
 so our best informant and our best warlock are lost to us at the moment . '' 
 `` but we did stop de quincey from murdering tessa 's brother and who knows how many more mundanes , '' jem said . 
 `` that should count for something . 
 benedict lightwood did n't want to believe in de quincey 's betrayal at first ; now he has no choice . 
 he knows you were right . '' 
 `` that , '' said charlotte , `` is likely only going to make him angrier . '' 
 `` perhaps , '' said will . 
 `` and perhaps if you had n't insisted on tying the success of my plan to the functionality of one of henry 's ridiculous inventions , we would n't be having this conversation now . 
 you can dance around it all you like , but the reason everything went wrong last night is because the phosphor did n't work . 
 nothing henry invents ever works . 
 if you 'd just admit your husband 's a useless fool , we 'd all be a lot better off . '' 
 `` will . '' 
 jem 's voice held cold fury . 
 `` no . 
 james , do n't . '' 
 charlotte 's voice shook ; there was a sort of thump , as if she 'd sat herself down very suddenly in a chair . 
 `` will , '' she said , `` henry is a good , kind man and he loves you . '' 
 `` do n't be maudlin , charlotte . '' 
 will 's voice held only scorn . 
 `` he 's known you since you were a boy . 
 he cares for you like you were his own younger brother . 
 as do i. all i 've ever done is love you , will - '' `` yes , '' said will , `` and i wish you would n't . '' 
 charlotte made a pained noise , like a kicked puppy . 
 `` i know you do n't mean that . '' 
 `` i mean everything i say , '' said will . 
 `` especially when i tell you that we 're better off sifting through nathaniel gray 's mind now rather than later . 
 if you 're too sentimental to do it - '' charlotte began to interrupt , but it did n't matter . 
 this was too much for tessa . 
 she hurled the door open and stalked inside . 
 the inside of the room was lit by a roaring fire , in contrast to the squares of dark gray glass that let in what there was of the cloudy twilight . 
 charlotte sat behind the large desk , jem in a chair beside her . 
 will , on the other hand , was leaning against the fireplace mantel ; he was flushed with obvious anger , his eyes blazing , his shirt collar askew . 
 his eyes met tessa 's for a moment of pure astonishment . 
 any hope she had entertained that he might have magically forgotten what had happened in the attic the night before vanished . 
 he flushed at the sight of her , his fathomless blue eyes darkening-and looked away , as if he could n't stand to hold her gaze . 
 `` i suppose you 've been eavesdropping , then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` and now you 're here to give me a piece of your mind about your precious brother ? '' 
 `` at least i have a mind to give you a piece of , which nathaniel wo n't , if you have your way . '' 
 tessa turned to charlotte . 
 `` i wo n't let brother enoch go pawing through nate 's mind . 
 he 's sick enough already ; it would probably kill him . '' 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 she looked exhausted , her face gray , her eyelids drooping . 
 tessa wondered if she 'd slept at all . 
 `` most assuredly , we will allow him to heal before we think about questioning him . '' 
 `` what if he 's ill for weeks ? 
 or months ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` we might not have that much time . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 what 's so urgent you want to risk my brother 's life on it ? '' 
 tessa snapped . 
 will 's eyes were slivers of blue glass . 
 `` all you 've ever cared about is finding your brother . 
 and now you 've found him . 
 good for you . 
 but that was never our goal . 
 you do realize that , do n't you ? 
 we do n't usually go quite this far out of our way for the sake of one delinquent mundane . '' 
 `` what will is trying to say , '' jem interjected , `` though failing at civility , is - '' he broke off , and sighed . 
 `` de quincey said that your brother was someone he had trusted . 
 and now de quincey is gone , and we have no idea where he 's hiding . 
 the notes we found in his office hint that de quincey believed there would soon be a war between downworlders and shadowhunters , a war those clockwork creatures he was working on doubtless figured into prominently . 
 you can see why we want to know where he is , and what else your brother might know . '' 
 `` maybe you want to know those things , '' tessa said , `` but it 's not my fight . 
 i 'm not a shadowhunter . '' 
 `` indeed , '' said will . 
 `` do n't think we do n't know that . '' 
 `` be quiet , will . '' 
 charlotte 's tone held more than its usual asperity . 
 she turned from him to tessa , her brown eyes beseeching . 
 `` we trust you , tessa . 
 you need to trust us , too . '' 
 `` no , '' tessa said . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 she could feel will 's gaze on her and was suddenly filled with a startling rage . 
 how dare he be cold to her , angry at her ? 
 what had she done to deserve it ? 
 she 'd let him kiss her . 
 that was all . 
 somehow , it was as if that alone had erased everything else she had done that evening-as if now that she 'd kissed will , it no longer mattered that she had also been brave . 
 `` you wanted to use me-just like the dark sisters did-and the moment you had a chance to , the moment lady belcourt came along and you needed what i could do , you wanted me to do it . 
 never mind how dangerous it was ! 
 you behave as if i have some responsibility to your world , your laws and your accords , but it 's your world , and you 're the ones meant to govern it . 
 it 's not my fault if you 're doing a rotten job ! '' 
 tessa saw charlotte whiten and sit back . 
 she felt a sharp twinge in her chest . 
 it was n't charlotte she had meant to hurt . 
 still , she went on . 
 she could n't help herself , the words coming out in a flood , `` all your talk about downworlders and how you do n't hate them . 
 that 's all nothing , is n't it ? 
 just words . 
 you do n't mean them . 
 and as for mundanes , have you ever thought maybe you 'd be better at protecting them if you did n't despise them all so much ? '' 
 she looked at will . 
 he was pale , his eyes blazing . 
 he looked-she was n't sure she could describe his expression . 
 horrified , she thought , but not at her ; the horror ran deeper than that . 
 `` tessa , '' charlotte protested , but tessa was already fumbling for the door . 
 she turned at the last moment , on the threshold , to see them all staring at her . 
 `` stay away from my brother , '' she snapped . 
 `` and do n't follow me . '' 
 * * * anger , tessa thought , was satisfying in its own way , when you gave in to it . 
 there was something peculiarly gratifying about shouting in a blind rage until your words ran out . 
 of course , the aftermath was less pleasant . 
 once you 'd told everyone you hated them and not to come after you , where exactly did you go ? 
 if she went back to her own room , it was as much as saying she was just having a tantrum that would wear off . 
 she could n't go to nate and bring her black mood into his sickroom , and lurking anywhere else meant risking being found sulking by sophie or agatha . 
 in the end she took the narrow , winding stairs that led down through the institute . 
 she made her way through the witch-lit nave and came out onto the broad front steps of the church , where she sank down on the top stair and wrapped her arms around herself , shivering in the unexpectedly cold breeze . 
 it must have rained sometime during the day , for the steps were damp , and the black stone of the courtyard shone like a mirror . 
 the moon was out , darting in between racing scuds of cloud , and the huge iron gate gleamed blackly in the fitful light . 
 we are dust and shadows . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking . '' 
 the voice that came from the doorway behind tessa was soft enough that it could almost have been part of the wind that rattled the leaves on the tree branches . 
 tessa turned . 
 jem stood in the arch of the doorway , the white witchlight behind him lighting his hair so that it shone like metal . 
 his face , though , was hidden in shadow . 
 he held his cane in his right hand ; the dragon 's eyes gleamed watchfully at tessa . 
 `` i do n't think you do . '' 
 `` you 're thinking , if they call this damp nastiness summer , what must winter be like ? 
 you 'd be surprised . 
 winter 's actually much the same . '' 
 he moved away from the door and sat down on the step beside tessa , though not too close . 
 `` it 's spring that 's really lovely . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 tessa said , without much real interest . 
 `` no . 
 it 's actually quite foggy and wet as well . '' 
 he looked sideways at her . 
 `` i know you said not to follow you . 
 but i was rather hoping you just meant will . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 tessa twisted round to look up at him . 
 `` i should n't have shouted like that . '' 
 `` no , you were quite right to say what you did , '' said jem . 
 `` we shadowhunters have been what we are for so long , and are so insular , that we often forget to look at any situation from someone else 's point of view . 
 it is only ever about whether something is good for the nephilim or bad for the nephilim . 
 sometimes i think we forget to ask whether it is good or bad for the world . '' 
 `` i never meant to hurt charlotte . '' 
 `` charlotte is very sensitive about the way the institute is run . 
 as a woman , she must fight to be heard , and even then her decisions are second-guessed . 
 you heard benedict lightwood at the enclave meeting . 
 she feels she has no freedom to make a mistake . '' 
 `` do any of us ? 
 do any of you ? 
 everything is life and death to you . '' 
 tessa took a long breath of the foggy air . 
 it tasted of city , metal and ashes and horses and river water . 
 `` i just-i feel sometimes as if i ca n't bear it . 
 any of it . 
 i wish i 'd never learned what i was . 
 i wish nate had stayed home and none of this had ever happened ! '' 
 `` sometimes , '' jem said , `` our lives can change so fast that the change outpaces our minds and hearts . 
 it 's those times , i think , when our lives have altered but we still long for the time before everything was altered-that is when we feel the greatest pain . 
 i can tell you , though , from experience , you grow accustomed to it . 
 you learn to live your new life , and you ca n't imagine , or even really remember , how things were before . '' 
 `` you 're saying i 'll get used to being a warlock , or whatever it is that i am . '' 
 `` you 've always been what you are . 
 that 's not new . 
 what you 'll get used to is knowing it . '' 
 tessa took a deep breath , and let it out slowly . 
 `` i did n't mean what i said upstairs , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think the nephilim are as dreadful as all that . '' 
 `` i know you did n't mean it . 
 if you had , you would n't be here . 
 you 'd be at your brother 's side , guarding him against our dire intentions . '' 
 `` will did n't really mean what he said , either , did he , '' tessa said after a moment . 
 `` he would n't hurt nate . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 jem looked out toward the gate , his gray eyes thoughtful . 
 `` you 're correct . 
 but i 'm surprised you know it . 
 i know it . 
 but i have had years to understand will . 
 to know when he means what he says and when he does n't . '' 
 `` so you do n't ever get angry at him ? '' 
 jem laughed out loud . 
 `` i would hardly say that . 
 sometimes i want to strangle him . '' 
 `` how on earth do you prevent yourself ? '' 
 `` i go to my favorite place in london , '' said jem , `` and i stand and look at the water , and i think about the continuity of life , and how the river rolls on , oblivious of the petty upsets in our lives . '' 
 tessa was fascinated . 
 `` does that work ? '' 
 `` not really , but after that i think about how i could kill him while he slept if i really wanted to , and then i feel better . '' 
 tessa giggled . 
 `` so where is it , then ? 
 this favorite place of yours ? '' 
 for a moment jem looked pensive . 
 then he bounded to his feet , and held out the hand that did not clasp the cane . 
 `` come along , and i 'll show you . '' 
 `` is it far ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he smiled . 
 he had a lovely smile , tessa thought-and a contagious one . 
 she could n't help smiling back , for what felt like the first time in ages . 
 tessa let herself be pulled to her feet . 
 jem 's hand was warm and strong , surprisingly reassuring . 
 she glanced back at the institute once , hesitated , and let him draw her through the iron gate and out into the shadows of the city . 
 14 blackfriars bridge twenty bridges from tower to kew wanted to know what the river knew , for they were young and the thames was old , and this is the tale that the river told . 
 - rudyard kipling , `` the river 's tale '' stepping through the institute 's iron gate , tessa felt a bit like sleeping beauty leaving her castle behind its wall of thorns . 
 the institute was in the center of a square , and streets left the square in each cardinal direction , plunging into narrow labyrinths between houses . 
 still with his hand courteously on her elbow , jem led tessa down a narrow passage . 
 the sky overhead was like steel . 
 the ground was still damp from the rain earlier in the day , and the sides of the buildings that seemed to press in on either side were streaked with damp and stained with black residues of dust . 
 jem talked as they went , not saying much of import but keeping up a soothing chatter , telling her what he had thought of london when he had first come here , how everything had seemed to him a uniform shade of gray-even the people ! 
 he had been unable to believe it could rain so much in one place , and so unceasingly . 
 the damp had seemed to come up from the floors and into his bones , so that he 'd thought he would eventually sprout mold , in the manner of a tree . 
 `` you do get used to it , '' he said as they came out from the narrow passage and into the broadness of fleet street . 
 `` even if sometimes you feel as if you ought to be able to be wrung out like a washrag . '' 
 remembering the chaos of the street during the day , tessa was comforted to see how much quieter it was in the evening , the thronging crowds reduced to the occasional figure striding along the pavement , head down , keeping to the shadows . 
 there were still carriages and even single riders in the road , though none seemed to notice tessa and jem . 
 a glamour at work ? 
 tessa wondered , but did n't ask . 
 she was enjoying just listening to jem talk . 
 this was the oldest part of the city , he told her , where london had been born . 
 the shops that lined the street were closed , their blinds drawn , but advertisements still blared from every surface , advertisements for everything from pears soap to hair tonic to announcements urging people to attend a lecture on spiritualism . 
 as tessa walked , she caught glimpses of the spires of the institute between the buildings , and could n't help but wonder if anyone else could see them . 
 she remembered the parrot woman with the green skin and feathers . 
 was the institute really hidden in plain sight ? 
 curiosity getting the better of her , she asked jem as much . 
 `` let me show you something , '' he said . 
 `` stop here . '' 
 he took tessa by the elbow and turned her so that she was facing across the street . 
 he pointed . 
 `` what do you see there ? '' 
 she squinted across the street ; they were near the intersection of fleet street and chancery lane . 
 there seemed nothing remarkable about where they stood . 
 `` the front of a bank . 
 what else is there to see ? '' 
 `` now let your mind wander a bit , '' he said , still in the same soft voice . 
 `` look at something else , the way you might avoid looking directly at a cat so as not to frighten it . 
 glance at the bank again , out of the corner of your eye . 
 now look at it , directly , and very fast ! '' 
 tessa did as directed-and stared . 
 the bank was gone ; in its place was a half-timbered tavern , with great diamond-paned windows . 
 the light within the windows was tinted with a reddish glow , and through the open front door more red light poured out onto the pavement . 
 through the glass dark shadows moved-not the familiar shadows of men and women , but shapes too tall and thin , too oddly elongated or many-limbed to be human . 
 bursts of laughter interrupted a high , sweet , thin music , haunting and seductive . 
 a sign hanging over the door showed a man reaching to tweak the nose of a horned demon . 
 lettered below the image were the words the devil tavern . 
 this is where will was the other night . 
 tessa looked toward jem . 
 he was staring at the tavern , his hand light on her arm , his breathing slow and soft . 
 she could see the red light of the pub reflected in his silvery eyes like sunset on water . 
 `` is this your favorite place ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the intensity went out of his gaze ; he looked at her , and laughed . 
 `` lord , no , '' he said . 
 `` just something i wanted you to see . '' 
 someone came out the tavern door then , a man in a long black overcoat , an elegant watered silk hat placed firmly on his head . 
 as he glanced up the street , tessa saw that his skin was an inky dark blue , his hair and beard as white as ice . 
 he moved east toward the strand as tessa watched , wondering if he would garner curious stares , but his passage was no more noted by passersby than that of a ghost would be . 
 in fact , the mundanes who passed in front of the devil tavern seemed barely to notice it at all , even when several spindly , chittering figures exited and nearly knocked over a tired-looking man wheeling an empty cart . 
 he paused to look around for a moment , puzzled , then shrugged and went on . 
 `` there was a very ordinary tavern there once , '' said jem . 
 `` as it grew more and more infested with downworlders , the nephilim became concerned about the intertwining of the shadow world with the mundane world . 
 they barred mundanes from the place by the simple expedient of using a glamour to convince them that the tavern had been knocked down and a bank erected in its place . 
 the devil is a nearly exclusively downworlder haunt now . '' 
 jem glanced up at the moon , a frown crossing his face . 
 `` it 's growing late . 
 we 'd better move on . '' 
 after a single glance back at the devil , tessa moved after jem , who continued to chat easily as they went , pointing out things of interest-the temple church , where the law courts were now , and where once the knights templar had sustained pilgrims on their route to the holy land . 
 `` they were friends of the nephilim , the knights . 
 mundanes , but not without their own knowledge of the shadow world . 
 and of course , '' he added , as they came out from the network of streets and onto blackfriars bridge itself , `` many think that the silent brothers are the original black friars , though no one can prove it . 
 this is it , '' he added , gesturing before him . 
 `` my favorite place in london . '' 
 looking out over the bridge , tessa could n't help but wonder what jem liked so much about the place . 
 it stretched from one bank of the thames to the other , a low granite bridge with multiple arches , the parapets painted dark red and gilded with gold and scarlet paint that gleamed in the moonlight . 
 it would have been pretty if it had n't been for the railway bridge that ran along the east side of it , silent in the shadows but still an ugly latticework of iron railings stretching away to the river 's opposite bank . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , '' jem said again , just as he had outside the institute . 
 `` the railway bridge , it 's hideous . 
 but it means people rarely come here to admire the view . 
 i enjoy the solitude , and just the look of the river , silent under the moon . '' 
 they walked to the center of the bridge , where tessa leaned against a granite parapet and looked down . 
 the thames was black in the moonlight . 
 the expanse of london stretched away on either bank , the great dome of st. paul 's looming up behind them like a white ghost , and everything shrouded in the softening fog that laid a gently blurring veil over the harsh lines of the city . 
 tessa glanced down at the river . 
 the smell of salt and dirt and rot came off the water , mixing with the fog . 
 still there was something portentous about london 's river , as if it carried the weight of the past in its currents . 
 a bit of old poetry came into her head . '' 
 ` sweet thames , run softly till i end my song , ' '' she said , half under her breath . 
 normally she would never have quoted poetry aloud in front of anyone , but there was something about jem that made her feel that whatever she did , he would n't pass judgment on her . 
 `` i 've heard that bit of rhyme before , '' was all he said . 
 `` will 's quoted it at me . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` spenser . 
 ` prothalamion . ' '' 
 tessa frowned . 
 `` will does seem to have an odd affinity for poetry for someone so ... so ... '' `` will reads constantly , and has an excellent memory , '' said jem . 
 `` there is very little he does not remember . '' 
 there was something in his voice that lent weight to his assertion beyond the mere statement of fact . 
 `` you like will , do n't you ? '' 
 said tessa . 
 `` i mean , you 're fond of him . '' 
 `` i love him as if he were my brother , '' said jem matter-of-factly . 
 `` you can say that , '' tessa said . 
 `` however horrid he is to everyone else , he loves you . 
 he 's kind to you . 
 what did you ever do , to make him treat you so differently from all the rest ? '' 
 jem leaned sideways against the parapet , his gaze on her but still faraway . 
 he tapped his fingers thoughtfully against the jade top of his cane . 
 taking advantage of his clear distraction , tessa let herself stare at him , marveling a little at his strange beauty in the moonlight . 
 he was all silver and ashes , not like will 's strong colors of blue and black and gold . 
 finally he said , `` i do n't know , really . 
 i used to think it was because we were both without parents , and therefore he felt we were the same - '' `` i 'm an orphan , '' tessa pointed out . 
 `` so is jessamine . 
 he does n't think he is like us . '' 
 `` no . 
 he does n't . '' 
 jem 's eyes were guarded , as if there were something he was n't saying . 
 `` i do n't understand him , '' tessa said . 
 `` he can be kind one moment and absolutely awful the next . 
 i can not decide if he is kind or cruel , loving or hateful - '' `` does it matter ? '' 
 jem said . 
 `` is it required that you make such a decision ? '' 
 `` the other night , '' she went on , `` in your room , when will came in . 
 he said he had been drinking all night , but then , later , when you-later he seemed to become instantly sober . 
 i 've seen my brother drunk . 
 i know it does n't vanish like that in an instant ; even my aunt throwing a pail of cold water in nate 's face would n't have roused him from stupor , not if he were truly intoxicated . 
 and will did n't smell of alcohol , or seem ill the next morning . 
 but why would he lie and say he was drunk if he was n't ? '' 
 jem looked resigned . 
 `` and there you have the essential mystery of will herondale . 
 i used to wonder the same thing myself . 
 how anyone could drink as much as he claimed and survive , much less fight as well as he does . 
 so one night i followed him . '' 
 `` you followed him ? '' 
 jem grinned crookedly . 
 `` yes . 
 he went out , claiming an assignation or some such , and i followed him . 
 if i 'd known what to expect , i would have worn sturdier shoes . 
 all night he walked through the city , from st. paul 's to spitalfields market to whitechapel high street . 
 he went down to the river and wandered about the docks . 
 never did he stop to speak to a single soul . 
 it was like following a ghost . 
 the next morning he was ready with some ribald tale of false adventures , and i never demanded the truth . 
 if he wishes to lie to me , then he must have a reason . '' 
 `` he lies to you , and yet you trust him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jem said . 
 `` i trust him . '' 
 `` but - '' `` he lies consistently . 
 he always invents the story that will make him look the worst . '' 
 `` then , has he told you what happened to his parents ? 
 either the truth or lies ? '' 
 `` not entirely . 
 bits and pieces , '' jem said after a long pause . 
 `` i know that his father left the nephilim . 
 before will was ever born . 
 he fell in love with a mundane girl , and when the council refused to make her a shadowhunter , he left the clave and moved with her to a very remote part of wales , where they thought they would n't be interfered with . 
 the clave was furious . '' 
 `` will 's mother was a mundane ? 
 you mean he is only half a shadowhunter ? '' 
 `` nephilim blood is dominant , '' said jem . 
 `` that 's why there are three rules for those who leave the clave . 
 first , you must sever contact with any and all shadowhunters you have ever known , even your own family . 
 they can never speak to you again , nor can you speak to them . 
 second , you can not call upon the clave for help , no matter what your danger . 
 and the third ... '' `` what 's the third ? '' 
 `` even should you leave the clave , '' said jem , `` they can still lay claim to your children . '' 
 a little shiver went through tessa . 
 jem was still staring out at the river , as if he could see will in its silvered surface . 
 `` every six years , '' he said , `` until the child is eighteen , a representative of the clave comes to your family and asks the child if they would like to leave their family and join the nephilim . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine anyone would , '' tessa said , appalled . 
 `` i mean , you 'd never be able to speak to your family again , would you ? '' 
 jem shook his head . 
 `` and will agreed to that ? 
 he joined the shadowhunters regardless ? '' 
 `` he refused . 
 twice , he refused . 
 then , one day-will was twelve or so-there was a knock on the institute door and charlotte answered it . 
 she would have been eighteen then , i think . 
 will was standing there on the steps . 
 she told me he was covered in road dust and dirt as if he 'd been sleeping in hedgerows . 
 he said , ' i am a shadowhunter . 
 one of you . 
 you have to let me in . 
 i have nowhere else to go . ' '' 
 `` he said that ? 
 will ? ' 
 i have nowhere else to go ' ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` you understand , all this is information i heard from charlotte . 
 will 's never mentioned a word of any of it to me . 
 but that 's what she claims he said . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 his parents-they 're dead , are n't they ? 
 or they would have come looking for him . '' 
 `` they did , '' jem said quietly . 
 `` a few weeks after will arrived , charlotte told me , his parents followed . 
 they came to the front door of the institute and banged on it , calling for him . 
 charlotte went into will 's room to ask him if he wanted to see them . 
 he had crawled under the bed and had his hands over his ears . 
 he would n't come out , no matter what she did , and he would n't see them . 
 i think charlotte finally went down and sent them away , or they left of their own accord , i 'm not sure - '' `` sent them away ? 
 but their child was inside the institute . 
 they had a right - '' `` they had no right . '' 
 jem spoke gently enough , tessa thought , but there was something in his tone that put him as far away from her as the moon . 
 `` will chose to join the shadowhunters . 
 once he made that choice , they had no more claim on him . 
 it was the right and responsibility of the clave to turn them away . '' 
 `` and you 've never asked him why ? '' 
 `` if he wanted me to know , he 'd tell me , '' jem said . 
 `` you asked why i think he tolerates me better than other people . 
 i 'd imagine it 's precisely because i 've never asked him why . '' 
 he smiled at her , wryly . 
 the cold air had whipped color into his cheeks , and his eyes were bright . 
 their hands were close to each other 's on the parapet . 
 for a brief , half-confused moment tessa thought that he might be about to put his hand over hers , but his gaze slid past her and he frowned . 
 `` bit late for a walk , is n't it ? '' 
 following his gaze , she saw the shadowy figures of a man and a woman coming toward them across the bridge . 
 the man wore a workman 's felt hat and a dark woolen coat ; the woman had her hand on his arm , her face inclined toward his . 
 `` they probably think the same thing about us , '' tessa said . 
 she looked up into jem 's eyes . 
 `` and you , did you come to the institute because you had nowhere else to go ? 
 why did n't you stay in shanghai ? '' 
 `` my parents ran the institute there , '' said jem , `` but they were murdered by a demon . 
 he-it-was called yanluo . '' 
 his voice was very calm . 
 `` after they died , everyone thought that the safest thing for me would be to leave the country , in case the demon or its cohorts came after me as well . '' 
 `` but why here , why england ? '' 
 `` my father was british . 
 i spoke english . 
 it seemed reasonable . '' 
 jem 's tone was as calm as ever , but tessa sensed there was something he was n't telling her . 
 `` i thought i would feel more at home here than i would in idris , where neither of my parents had ever been . '' 
 across the bridge from them the strolling couple had paused at a parapet ; the man seemed to be pointing out features of the railway bridge , the woman nodding as he spoke . 
 `` and did you-feel more at home , that is ? '' 
 `` not precisely , '' jem said . 
 `` almost the first thing i realized when i came here was that my father never thought of himself as british , not the way an englishman would . 
 real englishmen are british first , and gentlemen second . 
 whatever else it is they might be-a doctor , a magistrate or landowner-comes third . 
 for shadowhunters it 's different . 
 we are nephilim , first and foremost , and only after that do we make a nod to whatever country we might have been born and bred in . 
 and as for third , there is no third . 
 we are only ever shadowhunters . 
 when other nephilim look at me , they see only a shadowhunter . 
 not like mundanes , who look at me and see a boy who is not entirely foreign but not quite like them either . '' 
 `` half one thing and half another , '' tessa said . 
 `` like me . 
 but you know you 're human . '' 
 jem 's expression softened . 
 `` as are you . 
 in all the ways that matter . '' 
 tessa felt the backs of her eyes sting . 
 she glanced up and saw that the moon had passed behind a cloud , giving it a pearlescent luster . 
 `` i suppose we should go back . 
 the others must be worried . '' 
 jem moved to offer her his arm-and paused . 
 the strolling couple jem had noted before were suddenly in front of them , blocking their way . 
 though they must have moved very swiftly to reach the far side of the bridge so fast , they stood eerily still now , their arms linked . 
 the woman 's face was concealed in the shadow of a plain bonnet , the man 's hidden beneath the brim of his felt hat . 
 jem 's hand tightened on tessa 's arm , but his voice was neutral when he spoke . 
 `` good evening . 
 is there something we can help you with ? '' 
 neither of them spoke , but they moved a step closer , the woman 's skirt rustling in the wind . 
 tessa looked around , but there was no one else on the bridge , no one visible at either embankment . 
 london seemed utterly deserted under the blurring moon . 
 `` pardon me , '' jem said . 
 `` i 'd appreciate it if you 'd let me and my companion go by . '' 
 he took a step forward , and tessa followed . 
 they were close enough now to the silent couple that when the moon came out from behind its cloud , flooding the bridge with silvery light and illuminating the face of the man in the felt hat , tessa recognized him instantly . 
 the tangled hair ; the wide once-broken nose and scarred chin ; and most of all the protruding , popping eyes , the same eyes as the woman who stood beside him , her blank stare fixed on tessa in a manner terribly reminiscent of miranda 's . 
 but you 're dead . 
 will killed you . 
 i saw your body . 
 tessa whispered , `` it 's him , the coachman . 
 he belongs to the dark sisters . '' 
 the coachman chuckled . 
 `` i belong , '' he said , `` to the magister . 
 while the dark sisters served him , i served them . 
 now i serve him alone . '' 
 the coachman 's voice sounded different from how tessa remembered-less thick , more articulate , with an almost sinister smoothness . 
 beside tessa , jem had gone very still . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` why are you following us ? '' 
 `` the magister has directed us to follow you , '' the coachman said . 
 `` you are nephilim . 
 you are responsible for the destruction of his home , the destruction of his people , the children of the night . 
 we are here to deliver a declaration of war . 
 and we are here for the girl . '' 
 he turned his eyes to tessa . 
 `` she is the property of the magister , and he will have her . '' 
 `` the magister , '' said jem , his eyes very silver in the moonlight . 
 `` do you mean de quincey ? '' 
 `` the name you give him does not matter . 
 he is the magister . 
 he has told us to deliver a message . 
 that message is war . '' 
 jem 's hand tightened on the head of his cane . 
 `` you serve de quincey but are not vampires . 
 what are you ? '' 
 the woman standing beside the coachman made a strange sighing noise , like the high whistle of a train . 
 `` beware , nephilim . 
 as you slay others , so shall you be slain . 
 your angel can not protect you against that which neither god nor the devil has made . '' 
 tessa began to turn toward jem , but he was already in motion . 
 his hand swung up , the jade-headed cane in it . 
 there was a flash . 
 a wickedly sharp and shimmering blade shot from the end of the cane . 
 with a swift turn of his body , jem plunged the blade forward and slashed it into the coachman 's chest . 
 the man staggered back , a high whirring sound of surprise issuing from his throat . 
 tessa drew in her breath . 
 a long slash across the coachman 's shirt gaped open , and beneath it was visible neither flesh nor blood but shining metal , raggedly scored by jem 's blade . 
 jem drew his blade back , letting out a breath , satisfaction mixed with relief . 
 `` i knew it - '' the coachman snarled . 
 his hand darted into his coat and withdrew a long serrated knife , the kind butchers used to cut through bone , while the woman , snapping into action , moved toward tessa , her ungloved hands outstretched . 
 their movements were jerky , uneven-but very , very fast , much faster than tessa would have guessed they could move . 
 the coachman 's companion advanced on tessa , her face expressionless , her mouth half-open . 
 something metallic gleamed inside it-metal , or copper . 
 she has no gullet , and i would guess , no stomach . 
 her mouth ends in a sheet of metal behind her teeth . 
 tessa retreated until her back hit the parapet . 
 she looked for jem , but the coachman was advancing on him again . 
 jem slashed away at him with the blade , but it seemed only to slow the man down . 
 the coachman 's coat and shirt hung away from his body now in ragged strips , clearly showing the metal carapace beneath . 
 the woman grabbed for tessa , who darted aside . 
 the woman lumbered forward and crashed into the parapet . 
 she seemed to feel no more pain than the coachman did ; she drew herself stiffly upright and turned to move toward tessa again . 
 the impact seemed to have damaged her left arm , though , for it hung bent at her side . 
 she swung toward tessa with her right arm , fingers grasping , and seized her by the wrist . 
 her grip was tight enough to make tessa scream as the small bones in her wrist flared with pain . 
 she clawed at the hand that held her , her fingers sinking deep into slick , soft skin . 
 it peeled away like the skin of a fruit , tessa 's nails scraping against the metal beneath with a harshness that sent shivers up her spine . 
 she tried to jerk her hand back , but she only succeeded in pulling the woman toward her ; she was making a whirring , clicking noise in her throat that sounded unpleasantly insectile , and up close her eyes were pupil-less and black . 
 tessa pulled her foot back to kick out - and there was the sudden clang of metal on metal ; jem 's blade flashed down with a clean slice , cutting the woman 's arm in half at the elbow . 
 tessa , released , fell back , the bodiless hand falling from her wrist , striking the ground at her feet ; the woman was jerking around toward jem , whir-click , whir-click . 
 he moved forward , striking at the woman hard with the flat of the cane , knocking her back a step , and then another and another until she hit the railing of the bridge so hard that she overbalanced . 
 without a cry she fell , plunging toward the water below ; tessa raced to the railing just in time to see her slip beneath the surface . 
 no bubbles rose to show where she had vanished . 
 tessa spun back around . 
 jem was clutching his cane , breathing hard . 
 blood ran down the side of his face from a cut , but he seemed otherwise unharmed . 
 he held his weapon loosely in one hand as he gazed at a dark humped shape on the ground at his feet , a shape that moved and jerked , flashes of metal showing between the ribbons of its torn clothing . 
 when tessa moved closer she saw that it was the body of the coachman , writhing and jerking . 
 his head had been sliced cleanly away , and a dark oily substance pumped from the stump of his neck , staining the ground . 
 jem reached up to push his sweat-dampened hair back , smearing the blood across his cheek . 
 his hand shook . 
 hesitantly tessa touched his arm . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 his smile was faint . 
 `` i should be asking you that . '' 
 he shuddered slightly . 
 `` those mechanical things , they unnerve me . 
 they - '' he broke off , staring past her . 
 at the south end of the bridge , moving toward them with sharp staccato motions , were at least a half dozen more of the clockwork creatures . 
 despite the jerkiness of their movements , they were approaching swiftly , almost hurtling forward . 
 they were already a third of the way across the bridge . 
 with a sharp click the blade vanished back into jem 's cane . 
 he seized tessa 's hand , his voice breathless . 
 `` run . '' 
 they ran , tessa clutching his hand , glancing behind only once , in terror . 
 the creatures had made it to the center of the bridge and were moving toward them , gathering speed . 
 they were male , tessa saw , dressed in the same kind of dark woolen coats and felt hats as the coachman had been . 
 their faces gleamed in the moonlight . 
 jem and tessa reached the steps at the end of the bridge , and jem kept a tight grip on tessa 's hand as they hurtled down the stairs . 
 her boots slipped on the damp stone , and he caught her , his cane clattering awkwardly against her back ; she felt his chest rise and fall against hers , hard , as if he were gasping . 
 but he could n't be out of breath , could he ? 
 he was a shadowhunter . 
 the codex said they could run for miles . 
 jem pulled away , and she saw that his face was tight , as if he were in pain . 
 she wanted to ask him if he 'd been hurt , but there was no time . 
 they could hear clattering footsteps on the stairs above them . 
 without a word jem took hold of her wrist again and pulled her after him . 
 they passed the embankment , lit by the glow of its dolphin lamps , before jem turned aside and plunged between two buildings into a narrow alley . 
 the alley sloped up , away from the river . 
 the air between the buildings was dank and close , the cobblestones slick with filth . 
 washing flapped like ghosts from windows overhead . 
 tessa 's feet were screaming in their fashionable boots , her heart slamming against her chest , but there was no slowing down . 
 she could hear the creatures behind them , hear the whir-click of their movements , closer and closer . 
 the alley opened out into a wide street , and there , rising up before them , was the looming edifice of the institute . 
 they dashed through the entrance , jem releasing her as he whirled to slam and lock the gates behind them . 
 the creatures reached them just as the bolts slid home ; they crashed against the gate like windup toys unable to stop themselves , rattling the iron with a tremendous crash . 
 tessa backed up , staring . 
 the clockwork creatures were pressed up against the gates , their hands reaching through the gaps in the iron . 
 she looked around wildly . 
 jem stood beside her . 
 he was as white as paper , one hand pressed to his side . 
 she reached for his hand , but he stepped back , out of her reach . 
 `` tessa . '' 
 his voice was uneven . 
 `` get into the institute . 
 you need to get inside . '' 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 jem , are you injured ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his voice was muffled . 
 a rattle from the gate made tessa look up . 
 one of the clockwork men had his hand through a gap in the gate and was pulling at the iron chain that held it closed . 
 as she stared in fascinated horror , she saw that he was dragging at the loops of metal with such force that the skin was peeling away from his fingers , showing the jointed metal hands beneath . 
 there was obviously tremendous strength in those hands . 
 the metal was warping and twisting in his grip ; it was clearly a matter of minutes before the chain split and broke . 
 tessa seized hold of jem 's arm . 
 his skin was burning hot to the touch ; she could feel it through his clothes . 
 `` come on . '' 
 with a groan he let her pull him toward the front door of the church ; he was staggering , and leaning on her heavily , his breath rattling in his chest . 
 they lurched up the stairs , jem sliding out of her grip almost the moment they reached the top step . 
 he hit the ground on his knees , choking coughs ripping through him , his whole body spasming . 
 the gate burst open . 
 the clockwork creatures spilled through into the drive , led by the one who had torn the chain apart , his skin-stripped hands gleaming in the moonlight . 
 remembering what will had said , that one had to have shadowhunter blood to open the door , tessa reached for the bellpull that hung beside it and yanked it , hard , but heard no sound . 
 desperate , she whirled back to jem , still crouched on the ground . 
 `` jem ! 
 jem , please , you have to open the door - '' he raised his head . 
 his eyes were open , but there was no color to them . 
 they were all white , like marbles . 
 she could see the moon reflected in them . 
 `` jem ! '' 
 he tried to rise to his feet , but his knees gave out ; he slumped to the ground , blood running from the corners of his mouth . 
 the cane had rolled from his hand , almost to tessa 's feet . 
 the creatures had reached the foot of the steps ; they began to surge upward , lurching a little , the one with the skinned hands in the lead . 
 tessa flung herself against the doors of the institute , pounding her fists against the oak . 
 she could hear the hollow reverberations of her blows echoing on the other side , and despaired . 
 the institute was so huge , and there was no time . 
 at last she gave up . 
 turning away from the door , she was horrified to see that the leader of the creatures had reached jem ; it was bending over him , its skinned metal hands on his chest . 
 with a cry she seized up jem 's cane and brandished it . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 she cried . 
 the creature straightened up , and in the moonlight , for the first time , she saw its face clearly . 
 it was smooth , almost featureless , only indentations where the eyes and mouth should have been , and no nose . 
 it raised its skinned hands ; they were stained dark with jem 's blood . 
 jem himself lay very still , his shirt torn , blood pooling blackly around him . 
 as tessa stared in horror , the clockwork man wiggled his bloody fingers at her , in a sort of grotesque parody of a wave-then turned and sprang away down the steps , almost scuttling , like a spider . 
 he dashed through the gates and was lost to view . 
 tessa moved toward jem , but the other automatons moved swiftly to block her way . 
 they were all as blank-faced as their leader , a matching set of faceless warriors , as if there had not quite been time to finish them . 
 with a whir-click a pair of metal hands reached for her , and she swung the cane , almost blindly . 
 it connected with the side of a clockwork man 's head . 
 she felt the impact of wood against metal ringing up her arm , and he staggered to the side , but only for a moment . 
 his head whipped back around with incredible speed . 
 she swung again , the cane slamming against his shoulder this time ; he lurched , but other hands flashed out , seizing the cane , yanking it from her grasp with such force that the skin of her hand burned . 
 she remembered the painful strength of miranda 's grip on her , as the automaton who had snatched the cane from her brought it down across his knee with stunning force . 
 it snapped in half with an awful sound . 
 tessa whirled to run , but metal hands clamped down on her shoulders , yanking her back . 
 she struggled to pull free - and the doors of the institute burst open . 
 the light that poured from them blinded her momentarily , and she could see nothing but the outline of dark figures , ringed in light , spilling from the church 's interior . 
 something whistled by her head , grazing her cheek . 
 there was the grinding sound of metal on metal , and then the clockwork creature 's arms relaxed and she fell forward onto the steps , choking . 
 tessa looked up . 
 charlotte stood above her , her face pale and set , a sharp metal disc in one hand . 
 another , matching , disc was buried in the chest of the mechanical man who had held her . 
 he was twisting and spasming in a circle , like a malfunctioning toy . 
 blue sparks flew from the gash in his neck . 
 around him the rest of the creatures were spinning and lurching as the shadowhunters converged on them , henry bringing his seraph blade down in an arc , slicing open the chest of one of the automatons , sending it reeling and jerking into the shadows . 
 beside him was will , swinging what looked like a sort of scythe , over and over , chopping another of the creatures to bits with such fury that it sent up a fountain of blue sparks . 
 charlotte , darting down the steps , threw the second of her disks ; it sheared through the head of a metal monster with a sickening noise . 
 he crumpled to the ground , leaking more sparks and black oil . 
 the remaining two creatures , seeming to think better of the situation , turned and sprang toward the gates . 
 henry darted after them with charlotte on his heels , but will , dropping his weapon , turned and raced back toward the steps . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he shouted at tessa . 
 she stared , too dazed to answer . 
 his voice rose , tinged with furious panic . 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 where 's jem ? '' 
 `` i 'm not hurt , '' she whispered . 
 `` but jem , he collapsed . 
 there . '' 
 she pointed to where jem lay , crumpled in the shadows beside the door . 
 will 's face went blank , like a slate wiped clean of chalk . 
 without looking at her again he raced up the stairs and dropped down by jem , saying something in a low voice . 
 when there was no reply , will raised his head , shouting for thomas to come help him carry jem , and shouting something else , something tessa could n't make out through her dizziness . 
 perhaps he was shouting at her . 
 perhaps he thought this was all her fault ? 
 if she had n't grown so angry , if she had n't run away and made jem follow her - a dark shadow loomed in the lit doorway . 
 it was thomas , tousle-haired and serious , who went without a word to kneel down by will . 
 together they lifted jem to his feet , an arm slung around each of their shoulders . 
 they hurried inside without a backward glance . 
 dazed , tessa looked out over the courtyard . 
 something was strange , different . 
 it was the sudden silence after all the clamor and noise . 
 the destroyed clockwork creatures lay in shattered pieces about the courtyard , the ground was slick with viscous fluid , the gates hung open , and the moon shone blankly down on everything just as it had shone down on her and jem on the bridge , when he had told her that she was human . 
 15 foreign mud ah god , that love were as a flower or flame , that life were as the naming of a name , that death were not more pitiful than desire , that these things were not one thing and the same ! 
 - algernon charles swinburne , `` laus veneris '' `` miss tessa . '' 
 the voice was sophie 's . 
 tessa turned and saw her framed in the doorway , a lantern swinging from her hand . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 tessa felt pitifully grateful to see the other girl . 
 she had been feeling so alone . 
 `` i 'm not hurt . 
 henry has gone after the creatures , though , and charlotte - '' `` they 'll be just fine . '' 
 sophie put a hand on tessa 's elbow . 
 `` come , let 's get you inside , miss . 
 you 're bleeding . '' 
 `` i am ? '' 
 puzzled , tessa put her fingers up to touch her forehead ; they came away stained red . 
 `` i must have struck my head when i fell against the steps . 
 i did n't even feel it . '' 
 `` shock , '' sophie said calmly , and tessa thought how many times in her employment here sophie must have done these things-bandaged up cuts , wiped away blood . 
 `` come along , and i 'll get a compress for your head . '' 
 tessa nodded . 
 with a last glance over her shoulder at the destruction in the courtyard , she let sophie guide her back inside the institute . 
 the next short while was something of a blur . 
 after sophie helped her upstairs and into an armchair in the drawing room , she bustled off and returned moments later with agatha , who pressed a cup of something hot into tessa 's hand . 
 tessa knew what it was the moment she smelled it-brandy and water . 
 she thought of nate and hesitated , but once she 'd had a few mouthfuls , things began to swim back into focus . 
 charlotte and henry returned , bringing with them the smell of metal and fighting . 
 tight-lipped , charlotte set her weapons down on a table and called for will . 
 he did n't respond , but thomas did , hurrying down the corridor , his coat stained with blood , to tell her that will was with jem , and that jem was going to be all right . 
 `` the creatures injured him , and he lost some blood , '' thomas said , running a hand through his tangled brown hair . 
 he looked at sophie as he said it . 
 `` but will gave him an iratze - '' `` and his medicine ? '' 
 sophie asked quickly . 
 `` has he had some of that ? '' 
 thomas nodded , and the tight set of sophie 's shoulders relaxed just a bit . 
 charlotte 's gaze softened as well . 
 `` thank you , thomas , '' she said . 
 `` perhaps you can see if he requires anything else ? '' 
 thomas nodded , and set off back down the corridor with a last glance over his shoulder at sophie , who did not seem to notice . 
 charlotte sank down onto the ottoman opposite tessa . 
 `` tessa , can you tell us what happened ? '' 
 clutching the cup , her fingers cold despite its heat , tessa shuddered . 
 `` did you catch the ones that escaped ? 
 the-whatever they are . 
 the metal monsters ? '' 
 charlotte shook her head gravely . 
 `` we pursued them through the streets , but they disappeared once we reached hungerford bridge . 
 henry thinks there was some magic involved . '' 
 `` or a secret tunnel , '' henry said . 
 `` i did also suggest a secret tunnel , my dear . '' 
 he looked at tessa . 
 his friendly face was streaked with blood and oil , his brightly striped waistcoat slashed and torn . 
 he looked like a schoolboy who 'd been in a bad scrape of some sort . 
 `` did you see them coming out of a tunnel , perhaps , miss gray ? '' 
 `` no , '' tessa said , her voice half a whisper . 
 to clear her throat , she took another sip of the drink agatha had given her , and set the cup down before running through it all-the bridge , the coachman , the chase , the words the creature had spoken , the way they had burst through the institute gates . 
 charlotte listened with a pinched white face ; even henry looked grim . 
 sophie , sitting quietly on a chair , attended to the story with the grave intensity of a schoolgirl . 
 `` they said it was a declaration of war , '' tessa finished . 
 `` that they were coming to wreak revenge on us-on you , i suppose-for what happened to de quincey . '' 
 `` and the creature referred to him as the magister ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 tessa pressed her lips together firmly to keep them from trembling . 
 `` yes . 
 he said the magister wanted me and that he had been sent to retrieve me . 
 charlotte , this is my fault . 
 if it were n't for me , de quincey would n't have sent those creatures tonight , and jem - '' she looked down at her hands . 
 `` maybe you should just let him have me . '' 
 charlotte was shaking her head . 
 `` tessa , you heard de quincey last night . 
 he hates shadowhunters . 
 he would strike at the clave regardless of you . 
 and if we gave you to him , all we would be doing is placing a potentially valuable weapon in his hands . '' 
 she looked at henry . 
 `` i wonder why he waited this long . 
 why not come for tessa when she was out with jessie ? 
 unlike demons , these clockwork creatures can go out during the day . '' 
 `` they can , '' said henry , `` but not without alarming the populace-not yet . 
 they do n't look enough like ordinary human beings to pass without exciting comment . '' 
 he took a shining gear from his pocket and held it up . 
 `` i examined the remains of the automatons down in the courtyard . 
 these ones de quincey sent after tessa on the bridge are not like the one in the crypt . 
 they 're more sophisticated , made of tougher metals , and with a more advanced jointure . 
 someone 's been working on the design in those blueprints will found , refining it . 
 the creatures are faster now , and deadlier . '' 
 but how refined ? 
 `` there was a spell , '' tessa said quickly . 
 `` on the blueprint . 
 magnus deciphered it ... . '' 
 `` the binding spell . 
 meant to tie a demon energy to an automaton . '' 
 charlotte looked at henry . 
 `` did de quincey - ? '' 
 `` succeed in performing it ? '' 
 henry shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 those creatures are simply configured to follow a pattern , like music boxes . 
 but they are not animate . 
 they do not have intelligence or will or life . 
 and there is nothing demonic about them . '' 
 charlotte exhaled in relief . 
 `` we must find de quincey before he succeeds in his goal . 
 those creatures are difficult enough to kill as it is . 
 the angel knows how many of them he 's made , or how difficult they 'd be to kill if they had the cunning of demons . '' 
 `` an army born neither of heaven nor hell , '' said tessa softly . 
 `` exactly , '' said henry . 
 `` de quincey must be found and stopped . 
 and in the meantime , tessa , you must stay in the institute . 
 not that we want to keep you a prisoner here , but it would be safer if you remained inside . '' 
 `` but for how long - ? '' 
 tessa began-and broke off , as sophie 's expression changed . 
 she was looking at something over tessa 's shoulder , her hazel eyes suddenly wide . 
 tessa followed her gaze . 
 it was will . 
 he stood in the doorway of the drawing room . 
 there was a streak of blood across his white shirt ; it looked like paint . 
 his face was still , almost masklike , his gaze fixed on tessa . 
 as their eyes met across the room , she felt the pulse jump in her throat . 
 `` he wants to talk to you , '' will said . 
 there was a moment of silence as everyone in the drawing room looked at him . 
 there was something forbidding about the intensity of will 's gaze , the tension of his stillness . 
 sophie had her hand at her throat , her fingers nervously fluttering at her collar . 
 `` will , '' charlotte said finally . 
 `` do you mean jem ? 
 is he all right ? '' 
 `` he 's awake and talking , '' will said . 
 his gaze slid momentarily to sophie , who had glanced down , as if to hide her expression . 
 `` and now he wants to speak to tessa . '' 
 `` but ... '' tessa looked toward charlotte , who seemed troubled . 
 `` is he all right ? 
 is he well enough ? '' 
 will 's expression did n't change . 
 `` he wants to talk to you , '' he said , enunciating each word very clearly . 
 `` so you will get up , and you will come with me , and you will talk to him . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` will , '' charlotte began sharply , but tessa was already rising , smoothing down her rumpled skirts with the flat of her hands . 
 charlotte looked worriedly at her , but said nothing more . 
 will was utterly silent as they made their way down the corridor , witchlight sconces throwing their shadows against the far walls in spindly patterns . 
 there was blackish oil as well as blood splattered on his white shirt , smudging his cheek ; his hair was tangled , his jaw set . 
 she wondered if he had slept at all since dawn , when she had left him in the attic . 
 she wanted to ask him , but everything about him-his posture , his silence , the set of his shoulders-said that no questions would be welcome . 
 he pushed open the door of jem 's room and ushered her in ahead of him . 
 the only light in the room came from the window and from a taper of witchlight on the bedside table . 
 jem lay half-under the covers of the high carved bed . 
 he was as white as his nightshirt , the lids of his closed eyes dark blue . 
 leaning against the side of the bed was his jade-headed cane . 
 somehow it had been repaired and was whole again , gleaming as if new . 
 jem turned his face toward the sound of the door , not opening his eyes . 
 `` will ? '' 
 will did something then that amazed tessa . 
 he forced his face into a smile , and said , in a passably cheerful tone , `` i brought her , like you asked . '' 
 jem 's eyes flicked open ; tessa was relieved to see that they had returned to their usual color . 
 still , they had the look of shadowed holes in his pale face . 
 `` tessa , '' he said , `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 tessa looked at will-for permission or guidance , she was n't sure , but he was staring straight ahead . 
 clearly he would be no help . 
 without another glance at him she hurried across the room and sank down in the chair by the side of jem 's bed . 
 `` jem , '' she said in a low voice , `` you should n't be sorry , or be apologizing to me . 
 i should be the one apologizing . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 i was the target of those clockwork things , not you . '' 
 she patted the coverlet gently ; wanting to touch his hand but not daring to . 
 `` if it was n't for me , you never would have been hurt . '' 
 `` hurt . '' 
 jem spoke the word on an exhale of breath , almost with disgust . 
 `` i was n't hurt . '' 
 `` james . '' 
 will 's tone held a warning note . 
 `` she should know , william . 
 otherwise she 'll think this was all her fault . '' 
 `` you were ill , '' will said , not looking at tessa as he spoke . 
 `` it 's nobody 's fault . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i just think you should be careful . 
 you 're not well still . 
 talking will just tire you out . '' 
 `` there are more important things than being careful . '' 
 jem struggled to sit up , the cords in his neck straining as he lifted himself , propping his back against the pillows . 
 when he spoke again , he was slightly breathless . 
 `` if you do n't like it , will , you do n't have to stay . '' 
 tessa heard the door open and close behind her with a soft click . 
 she knew without looking that will had gone . 
 she could n't help it-a slight pang went through her , the way it always seemed to do when he left a room . 
 jem sighed . 
 `` he 's so stubborn . '' 
 `` he was right , '' tessa said . 
 `` at least , he was right that you do n't need to tell me anything you do n't want to . 
 i know none of it was your fault . '' 
 `` fault has nothing to do with it , '' jem said . 
 `` i just think you might as well have the truth . 
 concealing it rarely helps anything . '' 
 he looked toward the door for a moment , as if his words were half-meant for the absent will . 
 then he sighed again , raking his hands through his hair . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` that for most of my life i lived in shanghai with my parents ? 
 that i was raised in the institute there ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tessa said , wondering if he was still a little dazed . 
 `` you told me , on the bridge . 
 and you told me that a demon had killed your parents . '' 
 `` yanluo , '' said jem . 
 there was hatred in his voice . 
 `` the demon had a grudge against my mother . 
 she 'd been responsible for the death of a number of its demon offspring . 
 they 'd had a nest in a small town called lijiang , where they 'd been feeding on local children . 
 she burned the nest out and escaped before the demon found her . 
 yanluo bided its time for years-greater demons live forever-but it never forgot . 
 when i was eleven , yanluo found a weak spot in the ward that protected the institute , and tunneled inside . 
 the demon killed the guards and took my family prisoner , binding us all to chairs in the great room of the house . 
 then it went to work . 
 `` yanluo tortured me in front of my parents , '' jem went on , his voice empty . 
 `` over and over it injected me with a burning demon poison that scorched my veins and tore at my mind . 
 for two days i went in and out of hallucinations and dreams . 
 i saw the world drowned in rivers of blood , and i heard the screams of all the dead and dying throughout history . 
 i saw london burning , and great metal creatures striding here and there like huge spiders - '' he caught his breath . 
 he was very pale , his nightshirt stuck to his chest with sweat , but he waved away tessa 's expression of concern . 
 `` every few hours i would come back to reality long enough to hear my parents screaming for me . 
 then on the second day , i came back and heard only my mother . 
 my father had been silenced . 
 my mother 's voice was raw and cracked , but she was still saying my name . 
 not my name in english , but the name she had given me when i was born : jian . 
 i can still hear her sometimes , calling out for me . '' 
 his hands were tight on the pillow he held , tight enough that the fabric had begun to tear . 
 `` jem , '' tessa said softly . 
 `` you can stop . 
 you need n't tell me all of it now . '' 
 `` you remember when i said that mortmain had probably made his money smuggling opium ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the british bring opium into china by the ton . 
 they have made a nation of addicts out of us . 
 in chinese we call it ` foreign mud ' or ` black smoke . ' 
 in some ways shanghai , my city , is built on opium . 
 it would n't exist as it does without it . 
 the city is full of dens where hollow-eyed men starve to death because all they want is the drug , more of the drug . 
 they 'll give anything for it . 
 i used to despise men like that . 
 i could n't understand how they were so weak . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` by the time the shanghai enclave became worried at the silence from the institute and broke in to save us , both my parents were already dead . 
 i do n't remember any of it . 
 i was screaming and delirious . 
 they took me to the silent brothers , who healed my body as well as they could . 
 there was one thing they could n't fix , though . 
 i had become addicted to the substance the demon had poisoned me with . 
 my body was dependent on it the way an opium addict 's body is dependent on the drug . 
 they tried to wean me off it , but going without it caused terrible pain . 
 even when they were able to block the pain with warlock spells , the lack of the drug pushed my body to the brink of death . 
 after weeks of experimentation they decided that there was nothing to be done : i could not live without the drug . 
 the drug itself meant a slow death , but to take me off it would mean a very quick one . '' 
 `` weeks of experimentation ? '' 
 tessa echoed . 
 `` when you were only eleven years old ? 
 that seems cruel . '' 
 `` goodness-real goodness-has its own sort of cruelty to it , '' said jem , looking past her . 
 `` there , beside you on the bedside table , is a box . 
 can you give it to me ? '' 
 tessa lifted the box . 
 it was made of silver , its lid inlaid with an enamel scene that depicted a slim woman in white robes , barefoot , pouring water out of a vase into a stream . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 she asked , handing the box to jem . 
 `` kwan yin . 
 the goddess of mercy and compassion . 
 they say she hears every prayer and every cry of suffering and does what she can to answer it . 
 i thought perhaps if i kept the cause of my suffering in a box with her image on it , it might make that suffering a little less . '' 
 he flicked open the clasp on the box , and the lid slid back . 
 inside was a thick layer of what tessa thought at first was ash , but the color was too bright . 
 it was a layer of thick silvery powder almost the same bright silver color as jem 's eyes . 
 `` this is the drug , '' he said . 
 `` it comes from a warlock dealer we know in limehouse . 
 i take some of it every day . 
 it 's why i look so-so ghostly ; it 's what drains the color from my eyes and hair , even my skin . 
 i wonder sometimes if my parents would even recognize me ... . '' 
 his voice trailed off . 
 `` if i have to fight , i take more . 
 taking less weakens me . 
 i had taken none today before we went out to the bridge . 
 that 's why i collapsed . 
 not because of the clockwork creatures . 
 because of the drug . 
 without any in my system , the fighting , the running , was too much for me . 
 my body started feeding on itself , and i collapsed . '' 
 he shut the box with a snap , and handed it back to tessa . 
 `` here . 
 put it back where it was . '' 
 `` you do n't need any ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've had enough tonight . '' 
 `` you said that the drug meant a slow death , '' tessa said . 
 `` so do you mean the drug is killing you ? '' 
 jem nodded , strands of bright hair falling across his forehead . 
 tessa felt her heart skip a painful beat . 
 `` and when you fight , you take more of it ? 
 so , why do n't you stop fighting ? 
 will and the others - '' `` would understand , '' jem finished for her . 
 `` i know they would . 
 but there is more to life than not dying . 
 i am a shadowhunter . 
 it is what i am , not just what i do . 
 i ca n't live without it . '' 
 `` you mean you do n't want to . '' 
 will , tessa thought , would have been angry if she 'd said that to him , but jem just looked at her intently . 
 `` i mean i do n't want to . 
 for a long time i searched for a cure , but eventually i stopped , and asked will and the rest to stop as well . 
 i am not this drug , or its hold on me . 
 i believe that i am better than that . 
 that my life is about more than that , however and whenever it might end . '' 
 `` well , i do n't want you to die , '' tessa said . 
 `` i do n't know why i feel it so strongly-i 've just met you-but i do n't want you to die . '' 
 `` and i trust you , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know why-i 've just met you-but i do . '' 
 his hands were no longer clutching the pillow , but lying flat and still on the tasseled surface . 
 they were thin hands , the knuckles just slightly too big for the rest of them , the fingers tapering and slender , a thick white scar running across the back of his right thumb . 
 tessa wanted to slide her own hand over his , wanted to hold his tightly and comfort him - `` well , this is all very touching . '' 
 it was will , of course , having come soundlessly into the room . 
 he had changed his bloody shirt , and he seemed to have washed up hastily . 
 his hair looked damp , his face scrubbed , though the crescents of his nails were still black with dirt and oil . 
 he looked from jem to tessa , his face carefully blank . 
 `` i see that you told her . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 there was nothing challenging in jem 's tone ; he never looked at will with anything but affection , tessa thought , no matter how provoking will was . 
 `` it 's done . 
 there 's no more need for you to fret about it . '' 
 `` i disagree , '' said will . 
 he gave tessa a pointed look . 
 she remembered what he had said about not tiring jem out , and rose from her chair . 
 jem gave her a wistful look . 
 `` must you go ? 
 i was rather hoping you 'd stay and be a ministering angel , but if you must go , you must . '' 
 `` i 'll stay , '' will said a bit crossly , and threw himself down in the armchair tessa had just vacated . 
 `` i can minister angelically . '' 
 `` none too convincingly . 
 and you 're not as pretty to look at as tessa is , '' jem said , closing his eyes as he leaned back against the pillow . 
 `` how rude . 
 many who have gazed upon me have compared the experience to gazing at the radiance of the sun . '' 
 jem still had his eyes closed . 
 `` if they mean it gives you a headache , they are n't wrong . '' 
 `` besides , '' will said , his eyes on tessa , `` it 's hardly fair to keep tessa from her brother . 
 she has n't had a chance to look in on him since this morning . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 jem 's eyes fluttered open for a moment ; they were silvery black , dark with sleep . 
 `` my apologies , tessa . 
 i nearly forgot . '' 
 tessa said nothing . 
 she was too busy being horrified that jem was n't the only one who had nearly forgotten about her brother . 
 it 's all right , she wanted to say , but jem 's eyes were shut again , and she thought he might be asleep . 
 as she watched , will leaned forward and drew up the blankets , covering jem 's chest . 
 tessa turned around and let herself out as quietly as she could . 
 the light in the corridors was burning low , or perhaps it had simply been brighter in jem 's room . 
 tessa stood for a moment , blinking , before her eyes adjusted . 
 she gave a start . 
 `` sophie ? '' 
 the other girl was a series of pale smudges in the dimness-her pale face , and the white cap dangling from her hand by one of its ties . 
 `` sophie ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 sophie demanded , a strange small hitch in her voice . 
 `` is he going to be all right ? '' 
 too startled to make sense of her question , tessa said , `` who ? '' 
 sophie stared at her , her eyes mutely tragic . 
 `` jem . '' 
 not master jem , or mr. carstairs . 
 jem . 
 tessa looked at her in utter astonishment , suddenly remembering . 
 it 's all right to love someone who does n't love you back , as long as they 're worth you loving them . 
 as long as they deserve it . 
 of course , tessa thought . 
 i 'm so stupid . 
 it 's jem she 's in love with . 
 `` he 's fine , '' she said as gently as she could . 
 `` he 's resting , but he was sitting up and talking . 
 he 'll be quite recovered soon , i 'm sure . 
 perhaps if you wanted to see him - '' `` no ! '' 
 sophie exclaimed at once . 
 `` no , that would n't be right or proper . '' 
 her eyes were shining . 
 `` i 'm much obliged to you , miss . 
 i - '' she turned then , and hurried away down the corridor . 
 tessa looked after her , troubled and perplexed . 
 how could she not have seen it earlier ? 
 how could she have been so blind ? 
 how strange to have the power to literally transform yourself into other people , and yet be so unable to put yourself in their place . 
 * * * the door to nate 's room was slightly ajar ; tessa pushed it open the rest of the way as quietly as she could , and peered inside . 
 her brother was a heaped mound of blankets . 
 the light from the guttering candle on the bedside table illuminated the fair hair spread across his pillow . 
 his eyes were closed , his chest rising and falling regularly . 
 in the armchair beside the bed sat jessamine . 
 she , too , was asleep . 
 her blond hair was coming out of its carefully arranged chignon , the curls tumbling down onto her shoulders . 
 someone had thrown a heavy woolen blanket over her , and her hands clutched it , drawing it up against her chest . 
 she looked younger than tessa had ever seen her look , and vulnerable . 
 there was nothing about her of the girl who had slaughtered the faerie in the park . 
 it was so odd , tessa thought , what brought out tenderness in people . 
 it was never what you would have expected . 
 as quietly as she could , she turned away , shutting the door behind her . 
 tessa slept fitfully that night , waking often amid dreams of clockwork creatures coming for her , reaching out their spindly metal-jointed hands to catch and tear at her skin . 
 eventually that dissolved into a dream of jem , who lay asleep in a bed while silver powder rained down on him , burning where it struck the coverlet he lay under , until eventually the whole bed burned , and jem slept peacefully on , oblivious to tessa 's warning cries . 
 finally she dreamed of will , standing at the apex of the dome of st. paul 's , alone under the light of a white , white moon . 
 he wore a black frock coat , and the marks on his skin were plain to be seen on his neck and hands under the glow of the sky . 
 he looked down on london like a bad angel pledged to save the city from its own worst dreams , while below him london slept on , indifferent and unknowing . 
 tessa was torn from her dream by a voice in her ear , and a hand vigorously shaking her shoulder . 
 `` miss ! '' 
 it was sophie , her voice sharp . 
 `` miss gray , you simply must wake . 
 it 's your brother . '' 
 tessa shot upright , scattering pillows . 
 afternoon light poured through the bedroom windows , illuminating the room-and sophie 's anxious face . 
 `` nate 's awake ? 
 he 's all right ? '' 
 `` yes-i mean , no . 
 i mean , i do n't know , miss . '' 
 there was a little catch in sophie 's voice . 
 `` you see , he 's gone missing . '' 
 16 the binding spell and once , or twice , to throw the dice is a gentlemanly game , but he does not win who plays with sin in the secret house of shame . 
 - oscar wilde , `` the ballad of reading gaol '' `` jessamine ! 
 jessamine , what 's going on ? 
 where 's nate ? '' 
 jessamine , who was standing just outside nate 's room , whirled to face tessa as she hurried up the corridor . 
 jessamine 's eyes were red-rimmed , her expression angry . 
 loose curls of blond hair were coming out of the usually neatly arranged knot at the back of her head . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she snapped . 
 `` i fell asleep in the chair beside the bed , and when i woke up , he was gone-just gone ! '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` gracious , you look ghastly . '' 
 tessa glanced down at herself . 
 she had n't bothered with a crinoline , or even shoes . 
 she 'd just thrown on a dress and slid her bare feet into slippers . 
 her hair was straggling down around her shoulders , and she imagined she likely resembled the madwoman mr. rochester kept in his attic in jane eyre . 
 `` well , nate ca n't have gone very far , not as ill as he is , '' tessa said . 
 `` is n't anyone looking for him ? '' 
 jessamine threw up her hands . 
 `` everyone 's looking for him . 
 will , charlotte , henry , thomas , even agatha . 
 i do n't suppose you want us to roust poor jem out of bed and make him part of the search party too ? '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` honestly , jessamine - '' she broke off , turning away . 
 `` well , i 'm going to look as well . 
 you can stay here if you like . '' 
 `` i do like . '' 
 jessamine tossed her head as tessa spun away and stalked off down the corridor , her mind whirling . 
 where on earth could nate have gone ? 
 had he been feverish , delirious ? 
 had he gotten out of bed not knowing where he was and staggered off to look for her ? 
 the thought made her heart clench . 
 the institute was a baffling maze , she thought as she turned yet another blind corner into yet another tapestry-lined corridor . 
 if she could barely find her way around it even now , how could nate possibly - `` miss gray ? '' 
 tessa turned and saw thomas emerging from one of the doors along the hall . 
 he was in shirtsleeves , his hair tousled as usual , his brown eyes very serious . 
 she felt herself go very still . 
 oh , god , it 's bad news . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i 've found your brother , '' thomas said , to tessa 's astonishment . 
 `` you have ? 
 but where was he ? '' 
 `` in the drawing room . 
 got himself a bit of a hiding place , behind the curtains , he had . '' 
 thomas spoke hastily , looking sheepish . 
 `` minute he saw me , he went right off his chump . 
 started screamin ' and yellin ' . 
 tried to bolt right past me , an ' i nearly had to give him one over the gash to keep him quiet - '' at tessa 's look of incomprehension , thomas paused , and cleared his throat . 
 `` that is to say , i 'm afraid i may have frightened him , miss . '' 
 tessa put her hand over her mouth . 
 `` oh , dear . 
 but he 's all right ? '' 
 it seemed that thomas did not know quite where to look . 
 he was embarrassed to have found nate cowering behind charlotte 's curtains , tessa thought , and she felt a wave of indignation on nate 's behalf . 
 her brother was n't a shadowhunter ; he had n't grown up killing things and risking his life . 
 of course he was terrified . 
 and he was probably delirious with fever , on top of that . 
 `` i had better go in and see him . 
 just me , you understand ? 
 i think he needs to see a familiar face . '' 
 thomas looked relieved . 
 `` yes , miss . 
 and i 'll wait out here , just for now . 
 you just let me know when you want me to summon the others . '' 
 tessa nodded and moved past thomas to push the door open . 
 the drawing room was dim , the only illumination the gray afternoon light that spilled through the tall windows . 
 in the shadows the sofas and armchairs scattered about the room looked like crouched beasts . 
 in one of the larger armchairs by the fire sat nate . 
 he had found the bloodstained shirt and trousers he had been wearing at de quincey 's , and had put them on . 
 his feet were bare . 
 he sat with his elbows on his knees , his face in his hands . 
 he looked wretched . 
 `` nate ? '' 
 tessa said softly . 
 at that he looked up-and sprang to his feet , a look of incredulous happiness on his face . 
 `` tessie ! '' 
 with a little cry tessa rushed across the room and threw her arms around her brother , hugging him fiercely . 
 she heard him give a little whimper of pain , but his arms went around her too , and for a moment , embracing him , tessa was back in her aunt 's little kitchen in new york , with the smell of cooking all around her and her aunt 's soft laughter as she scolded them for making so much noise . 
 nate pulled away first , and looked down at her . 
 `` god , tessie , you look so different ... . '' 
 a shudder went through her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he patted her cheek , almost absently . 
 `` older , '' he said . 
 `` thinner . 
 you were a round-faced little girl when i left new york , were n't you ? 
 or is that just the way i remember you ? '' 
 tessa reassured her brother that she was still the same little sister he 'd always known , but her mind was only partly engaged with his question . 
 she could n't help staring at him worriedly ; he no longer looked as gray as he had , but he was still pale , and bruises stood out in blue , black , and yellow patches on his face and neck . 
 `` nate ... '' `` it 's not as bad as it looks , '' he said , reading the anxiety on her face . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 you should be in bed , resting . 
 what are you doing in here ? '' 
 `` i was trying to find you . 
 i knew you were here . 
 i saw you , before that bald bastard with the missing eyes got at me . 
 i figured they 'd imprisoned you , too . 
 i was going to try to get us out . '' 
 `` imprisoned ? 
 nate , no , it 's not like that . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` we 're safe here . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes at her . 
 `` this is the institute , is n't it ? 
 i was warned about this place . 
 de quincey said it was run by madmen , monsters who called themselves nephilim . 
 he said they keep the damned souls of men penned up in some kind of box of theirs , screaming - '' `` what , the pyxis ? 
 it holds bits of demon energy , nate , not men 's souls ! 
 it 's perfectly harmless . 
 i 'll show it to you later , in the weapons room , if you do n't believe me . '' 
 nate looked no less grim . 
 `` he said that if the nephilim got their hands on me , they 'd take me apart , piece by piece , for breaking their laws . '' 
 a cold shiver went up tessa 's spine ; she drew away from her brother , and saw that one of the drawing room windows was open , the curtains fluttering in the breeze . 
 so her shiver had been more than just nerves . 
 `` did you open the window ? 
 it 's so cold in here , nate . '' 
 nate shook his head . 
 `` it was open when i came in . '' 
 shaking her head , tessa went across the room and drew the window down . 
 `` you 'll catch your death - '' `` never mind my death , '' nate said irritably . 
 `` what about the shadowhunters ? 
 are you saying they have n't kept you imprisoned here ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tessa turned away from the window . 
 `` they have n't . 
 they 're strange people , but the shadowhunters have been kind to me . 
 i wanted to stay here . 
 they 've been generous enough to let me . '' 
 nate shook his head . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 tessa felt a spark of anger , which surprised her ; she pushed it back . 
 it was n't nate 's fault . 
 there was so much he did n't know . 
 `` where else was i going to go , nate ? '' 
 she asked , crossing the room to him and taking his arm . 
 she led him back over to the armchair . 
 `` sit down . 
 you 're exhausting yourself . '' 
 nate sat obediently , and looked up at her . 
 there was a distant look in his eyes . 
 tessa knew that look . 
 it meant he was plotting , hatching some mad plan , dreaming a ridiculous dream . 
 `` we can still get away from this place , '' he said . 
 `` get to liverpool , get on a steamer . 
 go back to new york . '' 
 `` and do what ? '' 
 tessa said as gently as she could . 
 `` there 's nothing there for us . 
 not with aunt dead . 
 i had to sell all our things to pay for the funeral . 
 the apartment 's gone . 
 there was no rent money . 
 there 's no place for us in new york , nate . '' 
 `` we 'll make a place . 
 a new life . '' 
 tessa looked at her brother sadly . 
 there was pain in seeing him like this , his face full of hopeless pleading , bruises blossoming on his cheekbones like ugly flowers , his fair hair still matted in places with blood . 
 nate was not like other people , aunt harriet had always said . 
 he had a beautiful innocence about him that had to be protected at all costs . 
 and tessa had tried . 
 she and her aunt had hidden nate 's own weaknesses from him , the consequences of his own flaws and failings . 
 never telling him of the work aunt harriet had had to do to make up the money he had lost gambling , of the taunts tessa had endured from other children , calling her brother a drunk , a wastrel . 
 they had hidden these things from him to keep him from being hurt . 
 but he had been hurt anyway , tessa thought . 
 maybe jem was right . 
 maybe the truth was always best . 
 sitting down on the ottoman opposite her brother , she looked at him steadily . 
 `` it ca n't be like that , nate . 
 not yet . 
 this mess we 're both in now , it will follow us even if we run . 
 and if we run , we 'll be alone when it does find us . 
 there will be no one to help or protect us . 
 we need the institute , nate . 
 we need the nephilim . '' 
 nate 's blue eyes were dazed . 
 `` i guess so , '' he said , and the phrase struck tessa , who had heard nothing but british voices for nearly two months , as so american that she felt homesick . 
 `` it 's because of me that you 're here . 
 de quincey tortured me . 
 made me write those letters , send you that ticket . 
 he told me he would n't hurt you once he had you , but then he never let me see you , and i thought-i thought - '' he raised his head and looked at her dully . 
 `` you ought to hate me . '' 
 tessa 's voice was firm . 
 `` i could never hate you . 
 you 're my brother . 
 you 're my blood . '' 
 `` do you think when all this is over , we can go back home ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 `` forget all this ever happened ? 
 live normal lives ? '' 
 live normal lives . 
 the words conjured up an image of herself and nate in some small , sunny apartment . 
 nate could get another job , and in the evening she could cook and clean for him , while on weekends they could walk in the park or take the train to coney island and ride the carousel , or go to the top of the iron tower and watch the fireworks explode at night over the manhattan beach hotel . 
 there would be real sunshine , not like this gray watery version of summer , and tessa could be an ordinary girl , with her head in a book and her feet planted firmly on the familiar pavement of new york city . 
 but when she tried to hold this mental picture in her head , the vision seemed to crumble and fall away from her , like a cobweb when you tried to lift it whole in your hands . 
 she saw will 's face , and jem 's , and charlotte 's , and even magnus 's as he said , poor thing . 
 now that you know the truth , you can never go back . 
 `` but we are not normal , '' said tessa . 
 `` i am not normal . 
 and you know that , nate . '' 
 he looked down at the floor . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he gave a helpless little wave of his hand . 
 `` so it 's true . 
 you are what de quincey said you were . 
 magical . 
 he said you had the power to change shape , tessie , to become anything you wanted to be . '' 
 `` did you even believe him ? 
 it 's true-well , almost true-but i barely believed it myself at first . 
 it 's so strange - '' `` i 've seen stranger things . '' 
 his voice was hollow . 
 `` god , it ought to have been me . '' 
 tessa frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 but before he could answer , the door swung open . 
 `` miss gray . '' 
 it was thomas , looking apologetic . 
 `` miss gray , master will is - '' `` master will is right here . '' 
 it was will , ducking nimbly around thomas , despite the other boy 's bulk . 
 he was still in the clothes he 'd changed into the night before , and they looked rumpled . 
 tessa wondered if he 'd slept in the chair in jem 's room . 
 there were blue-gray shadows under his eyes , and he looked tired , though his eyes brightened-with relief ? 
 amusement ? 
 tessa could n't tell-as his gaze fell on nate . 
 `` our wanderer , found at last , '' he said . 
 `` thomas tells me you were hiding behind the curtains ? '' 
 nate looked at will dully . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 quickly tessa made the introductions , though neither boy seemed all that happy to meet the other . 
 nate still looked as if he were dying , and will was regarding nate as if he were a new scientific discovery , and not a very attractive one at that . 
 `` so you 're a shadowhunter , '' nate said . 
 `` de quincey told me that you lot were monsters . '' 
 `` was that before or after he tried to eat you ? '' 
 will inquired . 
 tessa rose quickly to her feet . 
 `` will . 
 might i speak to you in the corridor for a moment , please ? '' 
 if she had expected resistance , she did n't get it . 
 after a last hostile look at nate , will nodded and went with her silently out into the hall , closing the drawing room door behind him . 
 the illumination in the windowless corridor was variable , the witchlight casting discrete bright pools of light that did n't quite touch one another . 
 will and tessa stood in the shadows between two of the pools , looking at each other-warily , tessa thought , like angry cats circling in an alley . 
 it was will who broke the silence . 
 `` very well . 
 you have me alone in the corridor - '' `` yes , yes , '' said tessa impatiently , `` and thousands of women all over england would pay handsomely for the privilege of such an opportunity . 
 can we put aside the display of your wit for a moment ? 
 this is important . '' 
 `` you want me to apologize , do you ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` for what happened in the attic ? '' 
 tessa , caught off guard , blinked . 
 `` the attic ? '' 
 `` you want me to say i 'm sorry that i kissed you . '' 
 at the words , the memory rose up again in tessa with an unexpected clarity-will 's fingers in her hair , the touch of his hand on her glove , his mouth on hers . 
 she felt herself flush and hoped furiously that it would n't be visible in the dimness . 
 `` what-no . 
 no ! '' 
 `` so you do n't want me to be sorry , '' will said . 
 he was smiling very slightly now , the sort of smile a small child might bend upon the castle he has just built out of toy blocks , before he destroys it with a wave of his arm . 
 `` i do n't care whether you 're sorry or not , '' tessa said . 
 `` that 's not what i wanted to talk to you about . 
 i wanted to tell you to be kind to my brother . 
 he 's been through an awful ordeal . 
 he does n't need to be interrogated like some sort of criminal . '' 
 will replied more quietly than tessa would have thought . 
 `` i understand that . 
 but if he 's hiding anything - '' `` everyone hides things ! '' 
 tessa burst out , surprising herself . 
 `` there are things i know he 's ashamed of , but that does n't mean they need to matter to you . 
 it 's not as if you tell everyone everything , do you ? '' 
 will looked wary . 
 `` what are you on about ? '' 
 what about your parents , will ? 
 why did you refuse to see them ? 
 why do you have nowhere to go but here ? 
 and why , in the attic , did you send me away ? 
 but tessa said none of those things . 
 instead she said , `` what about jem ? 
 why did n't you tell me he was ill the way he is ? '' 
 `` jem ? '' 
 will 's surprise seemed genuine . 
 `` he did n't want me to . 
 he considers it his business . 
 which it is . 
 you might recall , i was n't even in favor of him telling you himself . 
 he thought he owed you an explanation , but he did n't . 
 jem owes nothing to anyone . 
 what happened to him was n't his fault , and yet he carries the burden of it and is ashamed - '' `` he has nothing to be ashamed of . '' 
 `` you might think so . 
 others see no difference between his illness and an addiction , and they despise him for being weak . 
 as if he could just stop taking the drug if he had enough willpower . '' 
 will sounded surprisingly bitter . 
 `` they 've said as much , sometimes to his face . 
 i did n't want him to have to hear you say it too . '' 
 `` i would never have said that . '' 
 `` how would i have guessed what you might say ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` i do n't really know you , tessa , do i ? 
 any more than you know me . '' 
 `` you do n't want anyone to know you , '' tessa snapped . 
 `` and very well , i wo n't try . 
 but do n't pretend that jem is just like you . 
 perhaps he 'd rather people knew the truth of who he is . '' 
 `` do n't , '' will said , his blue eyes darkening . 
 `` do n't think you know jem better than i do . '' 
 `` if you care about him so much , why are n't you doing anything to help him ? 
 why not look for a cure ? '' 
 `` do you think we have n't ? 
 do you think charlotte has n't looked , henry has n't looked , that we have n't hired warlocks , paid for information , called in favors ? 
 do you imagine jem 's death is just something we have all accepted without ever fighting against it ? '' 
 `` jem told me that he had asked you all to stop looking , '' tessa said , calm in the face of his anger , `` and that you had . 
 have n't you ? '' 
 `` he told you that , did he ? '' 
 `` have you stopped ? '' 
 `` there is nothing to find , tessa . 
 there is no cure . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 you could keep looking and not ever tell him you were looking . 
 there might be something . 
 even the littlest chance - '' will raised his eyebrows . 
 the flickering corridor light deepened the shadows under his eyes , the angular bones of his cheeks . 
 `` you think we should disregard his wishes ? '' 
 `` i think that you should do whatever you can , even if it means you must lie to him . 
 i think i do n't understand your acceptance of his death . '' 
 `` and i think that you do not understand that sometimes the only choice is between acceptance and madness . '' 
 behind them in the corridor someone cleared their throat . 
 `` what 's going on here , then ? '' 
 asked a familiar voice . 
 both tessa and will had been so caught up in their conversation that they had not heard jem approaching . 
 will gave a guilty start before turning to look at his friend , who was regarding them both with calm interest . 
 jem was fully dressed but looked as if he had just woken from a feverish sleep , his hair mussed and his cheeks burning with color . 
 will looked surprised , and not entirely pleased , to see him . 
 `` what are you doing out of bed ? '' 
 `` i ran into charlotte in the hall . 
 she said we were all meeting in the drawing room to talk with tessa 's brother . '' 
 jem 's tone was mild , and it was impossible to tell from his expression how much of tessa and will 's conversation he had overheard . 
 `` i 'm well enough to listen , at least . '' 
 `` oh , good , you 're all here . '' 
 it was charlotte , hurrying up the corridor . 
 behind her strode henry , and on either side of him , jessamine and sophie . 
 jessie had changed into one of her nicest dresses , tessa observed , a sheer blue muslin , and she was carrying a folded blanket . 
 sophie , beside her , held a tray with tea and sandwiches on it . 
 `` are those for nate ? '' 
 tessa asked , surprised . 
 `` the tea , and the blankets ? '' 
 sophie nodded . 
 `` mrs. branwell thought he 'd likely be hungry - '' `` and i thought he might be cold . 
 he was shivering so last night , '' jessamine put in eagerly . 
 `` should we bring these things in to him , then ? '' 
 charlotte looked to tessa for her approval , which disarmed her . 
 charlotte would be kind to nate ; she could n't help it . 
 `` yes . 
 he 's waiting for you . '' 
 `` thank you , tessa , '' charlotte said softly , and then she pushed the drawing room door open and went in , followed by the others . 
 as tessa moved to go after them , she felt a hand on her arm , a touch so light she almost might not have noticed it . 
 it was jem . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 `` just a moment . '' 
 she turned to look at him . 
 through the open doorway she could hear a murmur of voices-henry 's friendly baritone , jessamine 's eager falsetto rising as she said nate 's name . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 his hand on her arm was cool ; his fingers felt like thin stems of glass against her skin . 
 she wondered if the skin over the bones of his cheeks , where he was flushed and feverish , would be warmer to the touch . 
 `` but my sister - '' nate 's voice floated into the hallway , sounding anxious . 
 `` is she joining us ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 it 's nothing . '' 
 with a reassuring smile jem dropped his hand . 
 tessa wondered , but turned and went into the drawing room , jem behind her . 
 sophie was kneeling by the grate , building up the fire ; nate was still in the armchair , where he sat with jessamine 's blanket thrown over his lap . 
 jessamine , upright on a stool nearby , was beaming proudly . 
 henry and charlotte sat on the sofa opposite nate-charlotte clearly bursting with curiosity-and will , as usual , was holding up the nearest wall by leaning against it and looking both irritable and amused at the same time . 
 as jem went to join will , tessa fixed her attention on her brother . 
 some of the tension had gone out of him when she 'd come back into the room , but he still looked miserable . 
 he was plucking at jessamine 's blanket with his fingertips . 
 she crossed the room and sank down onto the ottoman at his feet , resisting the urge to ruffle his hair or pat his shoulder . 
 she could feel all the eyes in the room on her . 
 everyone was watching her and her brother , and she could have heard a pin drop . 
 `` nate , '' she said softly . 
 `` i assume everyone has introduced themselves ? '' 
 nate , still picking at the blanket , nodded . 
 `` mr. gray , '' said charlotte , `` we have spoken to mr. mortmain already . 
 he has told us a great deal about you . 
 about your fondness for downworld . 
 and gambling . '' 
 `` charlotte , '' tessa protested . 
 nate spoke heavily . 
 `` it 's true , tessie . '' 
 `` no one blames your brother for what happened , tessa . '' 
 charlotte made her voice very gentle as she turned back to nate . 
 `` mortmain says you already knew he was involved in occult practices when you arrived in london . 
 how did you know that he was a member of the pandemonium club ? '' 
 nate hesitated . 
 `` mr. gray , we simply need to understand what happened to you . 
 de quincey 's interest in you-i know you are n't well , and we have no wish to cruelly interrogate you , but if you could offer us even a little information , it might be of the most invaluable assistance - '' `` it was aunt harriet 's sewing notions , '' nate said in a low voice . 
 tessa blinked . 
 `` it was what ? '' 
 nate continued , in a low voice . 
 `` our aunt harriet always kept mother 's old jewelry box on the nightstand by her bed . 
 she said she kept sewing notions in it , but i - '' nate took a deep breath , looking at tessa as he spoke . 
 `` i was in debt . 
 i 'd made a few rash bets , had lost some money , and i was in a bad way . 
 i did n't want you or aunt to know . 
 i remembered there was a gold bracelet mother used to wear when she was alive . 
 i got it into my head that it was still in that jewelry box and that aunt harriet was just too stubborn to sell it . 
 you know how she is-how she was . 
 anyway , i could n't let the idea go . 
 i knew that if i could pawn the bracelet , i could get the money to pay off my debts . 
 so one day when you and aunt were out , i got hold of the box and searched it . 
 `` of course the bracelet was n't in it . 
 but i did find a false bottom to the case . 
 there was nothing in it of any worth , just a wadded-up bunch of old papers . 
 i snatched them when i heard you coming up the stairs , and took them back to my room . '' 
 nate paused . 
 all eyes were on him . 
 after a moment tessa , no longer able to hold her questions in , said , `` and ? '' 
 `` they were mother 's diary pages , '' nate said . 
 `` torn out of their original binding , with quite a few missing , but it was enough for me to put together a strange story . 
 `` it began when our parents were living in london . 
 father was gone often , working in mortmain 's offices down at the docks , but mother had aunt harriet to keep her company , and me to keep her occupied . 
 i had just been born . 
 that was , until father began to come home night after night increasingly distressed . 
 he reported odd doings on the factory floor , bits of machinery malfunctioning in strange ways , noises heard at all hours , and even the night watchman gone missing one night . 
 there were rumors , too , that mortmain was involved in occult practices . '' 
 nate sounded as if he were remembering as much as reciting the tale . 
 `` father shrugged the rumors off at first but eventually repeated them to mortmain , who admitted everything . 
 i gather he managed to make it sound rather harmless , as if he were just having a bit of a lark with spells and pentagrams and things . 
 he called the organization he belonged to the pandemonium club . 
 he suggested that father come to one of their meetings , and bring mother . '' 
 `` bring mother ? 
 but he could n't possibly have wanted to do that - '' `` probably not , but with a new wife and a new baby , father would have been eager to please his employer . 
 he agreed to go , and to bring mother with him . '' 
 `` father should have gone to the police - '' `` a rich man like mortmain would have had the police in his pocket , '' interrupted will . 
 `` had your father gone to the police , they would have laughed at him . '' 
 nathaniel pushed the hair back off his forehead ; he was sweating now , strands of hair sticking to his skin . 
 `` mortmain arranged a carriage to come for both of them late at night , when no one would be watching . 
 the carriage brought them to mortmain 's town house . 
 after that there were many missing pages , and no details about what happened that night . 
 it was the first time they went , but not , i learned , the last . 
 they met with the pandemonium club several times over the course of the next few months . 
 mother , at least , hated going , but they continued to attend the meetings until something changed abruptly . 
 i do n't know what it was ; there were few pages after that . 
 i was able to discern that when they left london , they did it under cover of night , that they told no one where they were going , and they left no forwarding address . 
 they might as well have vanished . 
 nothing in the diary , though , said anything about why - '' nathaniel broke off his story with a fit of dry coughing . 
 jessamine scrambled for the tea that sophie had left on the side table , and a moment later was pressing a cup into nate 's hand . 
 she gave tessa a superior expression as she did so , as if to point out that tessa really ought to have thought of it first . 
 nate , having quieted his coughing with tea , continued . 
 `` having found the diary pages , i felt as if i 'd stumbled across a gold mine . 
 i 'd heard of mortmain . 
 i knew the man was as rich as croesus , even if he was evidently a bit mad . 
 i wrote to him and told him i was nathaniel gray , the son of richard and elizabeth gray , that my father was dead , and so was my mother , and in among her papers i had found evidence of his occult activities . 
 i intimated that i was eager to meet him and discuss possible employment , and that if he proved less eager to meet me , there were several newspapers that i imagined would be interested in my mother 's diary . '' 
 `` that was enterprising . '' 
 will sounded nearly impressed . 
 nate smiled . 
 tessa shot him a furious look . 
 `` do n't look pleased with yourself . 
 when will says ` enterprising , ' he means ` morally deficient . ' '' 
 `` no , i mean enterprising , '' said will . 
 `` when i mean morally deficient , i say , ` now , that 's something i would have done . ' '' 
 `` that 's enough , will , '' charlotte interrupted . 
 `` let mr. gray finish his story . '' 
 `` i thought perhaps he 'd send me a bribe , some money to shut me up , '' nate went on . 
 `` instead i got a first-class steamer ticket to london and the official offer of a job once i arrived . 
 i figured i was onto a good thing , and for the first time in my life , i did n't plan on messing it up . 
 `` when i got to london , i went straight to mortmain 's house , where i was ushered into the study to meet him . 
 he greeted me with great warmth , telling me how glad he was to see me and how i looked just like my dear dead mother . 
 then he grew serious . 
 he sat me down and told me he had always liked my parents and had been saddened when they had left england . 
 he had not known they were dead until he received my letter . 
 even if i were to go public with what i knew about him , he claimed he would happily give me a job and do whatever he could for me , for my parents ' sake . 
 `` i told mortmain that i would keep his secret-if he brought me with him to attend a meeting of the pandemonium club , that he owed it to me to show me what it was he had shown my parents . 
 the truth was , the mentioning of gambling in my mother 's diary had sparked my interest . 
 i imagined a meeting of a group of men silly enough to believe in magic and devils . 
 surely it would n't be difficult to win a bit of money off such fools . '' 
 nate closed his eyes . 
 `` mortmain agreed , reluctantly , to take me . 
 i suppose he had no choice . 
 that night the meeting was at de quincey 's town house . 
 the moment the door opened , i knew i was the fool . 
 this was no group of amateurs dabbling in spiritualism . 
 this was the real thing , the shadow world my mother had made only glancing reference to in her diary . 
 it was real . 
 i can barely describe my sense of shock as i stared around me-creatures of indescribable grotesqueness filled the room . 
 the dark sisters were there , leering at me from behind their whist cards , their nails like talons . 
 women with their faces and shoulders powdered white smiled at me with blood running out the corners of their mouths . 
 little creatures whose eyes changed color scuttled across the floor . 
 i had never imagined such things were real , and i said as much to mortmain . '' 
 ` there are more things in heaven and earth , nathaniel , than are dreamt of in your philosophy , ' he said . 
 `` well , i knew the quote because of you , tessa . 
 you were always reading shakespeare at me , and i even paid attention some of the time . 
 i was about to tell mortmain not to make fun of me , when a man came up to us . 
 i saw mortmain go stiff as a board , as if this were someone he was frightened of . 
 he introduced me as nathaniel , a new employee , and told me the man 's name . 
 de quincey . 
 `` de quincey smiled . 
 i knew immediately he was n't human . 
 i 'd never seen a vampire before , with that death white skin of theirs , and of course when he smiled , i saw his teeth . 
 i think i just stared . 
 ` mortmain , you 're keeping things from me again , ' he said . 
 ` this is more than just a new employee . 
 this is nathaniel gray . 
 elizabeth and richard gray 's son . ' 
 `` mortmain stammered something , looking baffled . 
 de quincey chuckled . ' 
 i do hear things , axel , ' he said . 
 then he turned to me . ' 
 i knew your father , ' he told me . ' 
 i liked him quite a bit . 
 perhaps you 'd join me for a game of cards ? ' 
 `` mortmain shook his head at me , but i 'd seen the card room when i 'd come into the house , of course . 
 i was drawn to the gaming tables like a moth to light . 
 i sat playing faro all night with a vampire , two werewolves , and a wild-haired warlock . 
 i made my jack that night-won a great deal of money , and drank a great deal of the colorful sparkling drinks that were passed around the room on silver trays . 
 at some point mortmain left , but i did n't care . 
 i emerged in the dawn light feeling exultant , on top of the world-and with an invitation from de quincey to return to the club whenever i liked . 
 `` i was a fool , of course . 
 i was having such a high old time of it because the drinks were mixed with warlock potions , addictive ones . 
 and i had been allowed to win that evening . 
 i went back of course , without mortmain , night after night . 
 at first i won-won steadily , which was how i was able to send money back to you and aunt harriet , tessie . 
 it certainly was n't from working at mortmain 's . 
 i went into the office irregularly , but i could barely concentrate even on the simple tasks i was assigned . 
 all i thought about was getting back to the club , drinking more of those drinks , winning more money . 
 `` then i started to lose . 
 the more i lost , the more obsessed i became with winning it back . 
 de quincey suggested i start playing on tick , so i borrowed money ; i stopped coming into the office at all . 
 i slept all day , and gambled all night . 
 i lost everything . '' 
 his voice was remote . 
 `` when i got your letter that aunt had died , tessa , i thought it was a judgment on me . 
 a punishment for my behavior . 
 i wanted to rush out and buy a ticket to return to new york that day-but i had no money . 
 desperate , i went to the club-i was unshaved , miserable , red-eyed . 
 i must have looked like a man at his lowest ebb , because it was then that de quincey approached me with a proposition . 
 he drew me into a back room and pointed out that i had lost more money to the club than any one man could ever pay back . 
 he seemed amused by it all , the devil , flicking invisible dust off his cuffs , grinning at me with those needle teeth . 
 he asked me what i 'd be willing to give to pay off my debts . 
 i said , ` anything . ' 
 and he said , ` what about your sister ? ' '' 
 tessa felt the hairs on her arms rise , and was uncomfortably aware of the eyes of everyone in the room on her . 
 `` what-what did he say about me ? '' 
 `` i was utterly taken off guard , '' said nate . 
 `` i did n't recall having discussed you with him , ever , but i had been drunk so many times at the club , and we had spoken very freely ... . '' 
 the teacup in his hand rattled in its saucer ; he set them both down , hard . 
 `` i asked him what he could possibly want with my sister . 
 he told me that he had reason to know that one of my mother 's children was ... special . 
 he had thought it might be me , but having had leisure to observe me , the only thing unusual about me was my foolishness . '' 
 nate 's tone was bitter . '' 
 ` but your sister , your sister is something else again , ' he told me . 
 ` she has all the power you do not . 
 i have no intention of harming her . 
 she is far too important . ' 
 `` i spluttered and begged for more information , but he was unyielding . 
 either i procured tessa for him , or i would die . 
 he even told me what it was i had to do . '' 
 tessa exhaled slowly . 
 `` de quincey told you to write me that letter , '' she said . 
 `` he had you send me the tickets for the main . 
 he had you bring me here . '' 
 nate 's eyes pleaded with her to understand . 
 `` he swore he would n't hurt you . 
 he told me all he wanted was to teach you to use your power . 
 he told me you 'd be honored and wealthy beyond imagining - '' `` well , that 's just fine , then , '' interrupted will . 
 `` it 's not as if there are more important things than money . '' 
 his eyes were blazing with indignation ; jem looked no less disgusted . 
 `` it 's not nate 's fault ! '' 
 jessamine snapped . 
 `` did n't you hear him ? 
 de quincey would have killed him . 
 and he knew who nate was , where he came from ; he would have found tessa eventually anyway , and nate would have died for no reason . '' 
 `` so that 's your objective ethical opinion , is it , jess ? '' 
 will said . 
 `` and i suppose it has nothing to do with the fact that you 've been drooling over tessa 's brother since he arrived . 
 any mundane will do , i suppose , no matter how useless - '' jessamine let out an indignant squawk , and rose to her feet . 
 charlotte , her voice rising , tried to quiet them both as they shouted at each other , but tessa had stopped listening ; she was looking at nate . 
 she had known for some time her brother was weak , that what her aunt had called innocence was really spoiled pettish childishness ; that being a boy , the firstborn , and beautiful , nate had always been the prince of his own tiny kingdom . 
 she had understood that , while it had been his job as older brother to protect her , really it had always been she , and her aunt , who had protected him . 
 but he was her brother ; she loved him ; and the old protectiveness rose in her , as it always did where nate was concerned , and probably always would . 
 `` jessamine 's right , '' she said , raising her voice to cut through the angry voices in the room . 
 `` it would n't have done him any good to refuse de quincey , and there 's no point arguing about it now . 
 we still need to know what de quincey 's plans are . 
 do you know , nate ? 
 did he tell you what he wanted with me ? '' 
 nate shook his head . 
 `` once i agreed to send for you , he kept me trapped in his town house . 
 he had me send a letter to mortmain , of course , resigning from his employment ; the poor man must have thought i was throwing his generosity back in his face . 
 de quincey was n't planning on taking his eyes off me until he had you in hand , tessie ; i was his insurance . 
 he gave the dark sisters my ring to prove to you that i was in their power . 
 he promised me over and over that he would n't hurt you , that he was simply having the sisters teach you to use your power . 
 the dark sisters reported on your progress every day , so i knew you were still alive . 
 `` since i was there in the house anyway , i found myself observing the workings of the pandemonium club . 
 i saw that there was an organization to the ranks . 
 there were those who were very low down , clinging to the fringes , like mortmain and his ilk . 
 de quincey and the higher-ups mostly kept them around because they had money , and they teased them with little glimpses of magic and the shadow world to keep them coming back for more . 
 then there were those such as the dark sisters and others , those who had more power and responsibility in the club . 
 they were all supernatural creatures , no humans . 
 and then , at the top , was de quincey . 
 the others called him the magister . 
 `` they often held meetings to which the humans and those lower down were n't invited . 
 that was where i first heard about shadowhunters . 
 de quincey despises shadowhunters , '' nate said , turning to henry and charlotte . 
 `` he has a grudge against them-against you . 
 he kept talking about how much better things would be when shadowhunters were destroyed and downworlders could live and trade in peace - '' `` what tosh . '' 
 henry looked genuinely offended . 
 `` do n't know what kind of peace he thinks there 'd be , without shadowhunters . '' 
 `` he talked about how there 'd never been a way to defeat shadowhunters before because their weapons were so superior . 
 he said the legend was that god had meant the nephilim to be superior warriors , so no living creature could destroy them . 
 so , apparently he thought , ` why not a creature who was n't living at all ? ' '' 
 `` the automatons , '' said charlotte . 
 `` his machine army . '' 
 nate looked puzzled . 
 `` you 've seen them ? '' 
 `` a few of them attacked your sister last night , '' said will . 
 `` fortunately , we shadowhunter monsters were around to save her . '' 
 `` not that she was doing too badly by herself , '' jem murmured . 
 `` do you know anything about the machines ? '' 
 charlotte demanded , leaning forward eagerly . 
 `` anything at all ? 
 did de quincey ever talk about them in front of you ? '' 
 nate shrank back in his chair . 
 `` he did , but i did n't understand most of it . 
 i do n't have a mechanical mind , really - '' `` it 's simple . '' 
 it was henry , using the tone of someone trying to calm a frightened cat . 
 `` right now these machines of de quincey 's just run on mechanisms . 
 they have to be wound up , like clocks . 
 but we found a copy of a spell in his library that indicates that he 's trying to find a way to make them live , a way to bind demon energy to the clockwork shell and bring it to life . '' 
 `` oh , that ! 
 yes , he talked about that , '' nathaniel replied , like a child pleased to be able to give the right answer in a schoolroom . 
 tessa could practically see the ears of the shadowhunters pricking up with excitement . 
 this was what they really wanted to know . 
 `` that 's what he hired the dark sisters for-not just for training tessa . 
 they 're warlocks , you know , and they were meant to be figuring out how it could be done . 
 and they did . 
 it was n't long ago-a few weeks-but they did . '' 
 `` they did ? '' 
 charlotte looked shocked . 
 `` but , then why has n't de quincey done it yet ? 
 what 's he waiting for ? '' 
 nate looked from her anxious face to tessa 's , and all around the room . 
 `` i-i thought you knew . 
 he said the binding charm could only be generated at the full moon . 
 when that happens , the dark sisters will get to work , and then-he 's got dozens of the things stored in his hideaway , and i know he plans to make many more-hundreds , thousands , perhaps . 
 i suppose he 'll animate them , and ... '' `` the full moon ? '' 
 charlotte , glancing toward the window , bit her lip . 
 `` that will be very soon-tomorrow night , i think . '' 
 jem straightened up like a shot . 
 `` i can check the lunar tables in the library . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 he vanished through the door . 
 charlotte turned to nate . 
 `` you 're quite sure about this ? '' 
 nate nodded , swallowing hard . 
 `` when tessa escaped from the dark sisters , de quincey blamed me , even though i had n't known anything about it . 
 he told me he was going to let the night children drain my blood as a punishment . 
 he kept me imprisoned for days before the party . 
 he did n't care what he said in front of me then . 
 he knew i was going to die . 
 i heard him talking about how the sisters had mastered the binding spell . 
 that it was n't going to be long before the nephilim were destroyed , and all the members of the pandemonium club could rule london in their stead . '' 
 will spoke , his voice harsh . 
 `` have you any idea where de quincey might be hiding now that his house has burned ? '' 
 nate looked exhausted . 
 `` he has a hideaway in chelsea . 
 he would have gone to ground there with those who are loyal to him-there are still probably a hundred vampires of his clan who were n't at the town house that night . 
 i know exactly where the place is . 
 i can show you on a map - '' he broke off as jem burst into the room , his eyes very wide . 
 `` it 's not tomorrow , '' jem said . 
 `` the full moon . 
 it 's tonight . '' 
 17 call the darkness down the old church tower and garden wall are black with autumn rain , and dreary winds foreboding call the darkness down again . 
 - emily bronte , `` the old church tower '' while charlotte dashed to the library to notify the enclave that emergency action would need to be taken that evening , henry remained in the drawing room with nathaniel and the others . 
 he was surprisingly patient as nate painstakingly indicated on a map of london the spot where he believed de quincey 's hideaway to be-a house in chelsea , near the thames . 
 `` i do n't know which one it is exactly , '' nate said , `` so you 'll have to be careful . '' 
 `` we are always careful , '' henry said , ignoring will 's wry look in his direction . 
 not long after that , however , he sent will and jem to the weapons room with thomas to ready a stock of seraph blades and other armaments . 
 tessa remained in the drawing room with jessamine and nate while henry hurried off to the crypt to retrieve some of his more recent inventions . 
 as soon as the others had gone , jessamine commenced fluttering around nate-building up the fire for him , going to fetch another blanket to wrap around his shoulders , and offering to find a book to read aloud to him , which he declined . 
 if jessamine was hoping to win nate 's heart by fussing over him , tessa thought , she would be in for a disappointment . 
 nate expected to be fussed over and would hardly notice her special attentions . 
 `` so what 's going to happen now ? '' 
 he asked finally , half-buried under a mound of blankets . 
 `` mr. and mrs. branwell - '' `` oh , call them henry and charlotte . 
 everyone does , '' jessamine said . 
 `` they 'll be notifying the enclave-that 's all the rest of london 's shadowhunters-of the location of de quincey 's hideaway , so they can plan an attack , '' said tessa . 
 `` but really , nate , you should n't be worrying about these things . 
 you should be resting . '' 
 `` so it 'll just be us . '' 
 nate 's eyes were closed . 
 `` in this big old place . 
 seems strange . '' 
 `` oh , will and jem wo n't be going with them , '' said jessamine . 
 `` i heard her talking to them in the weapons room when i went to get the blanket . '' 
 nate 's eyes opened . 
 `` they wo n't ? '' 
 he sounded astonished . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` they 're too young , '' said jessamine . 
 `` shadowhunters are considered adults at eighteen , and for this kind of undertaking-something dangerous that the whole enclave is participating in-they tend to leave the younger ones at home . '' 
 tessa felt a strange little pang of relief , which she covered by asking hurriedly , `` but that 's so odd . 
 they let will and jem go to de quincey 's - '' `` and that 's why they ca n't go now . 
 apparently , benedict lightwood is arguing that the raid on de quincey 's turned out as badly as it did because will and jem are insufficiently trained , though how any of it was meant to be jem 's fault , i 'm not sure . 
 if you ask me , he wants an excuse to make gabriel stay at home , even though he 's already eighteen . 
 he babies him horribly . 
 charlotte said he told her that there have been whole enclaves wiped out in a single night before , and the nephilim have an obligation to leave the younger generation standing , to carry on , as it were . '' 
 tessa 's stomach twisted . 
 before she could say anything , the door opened and thomas came in . 
 he was carrying a stack of folded clothes . 
 `` these are old things of master jem 's , '' he said to nate , looking slightly embarrassed . 
 `` it looks like you might be about the same size , and , well , you ought to have something to wear . 
 if you 'll accompany me back to your room , we can see if they fit . '' 
 jessamine rolled her eyes . 
 tessa was n't sure why . 
 perhaps she thought castoffs were n't good enough for nate . 
 `` thank you , thomas , '' nate said , rising to his feet . 
 `` and i must tender my apologies for my earlier behavior , when i , ah , hid from you . 
 i must have been feverish . 
 that 's the only explanation . '' 
 thomas flushed . 
 `` just doing my job , sir . '' 
 `` perhaps you should get some sleep , '' tessa said , noting the dark rings of exhaustion around her brother 's eyes . 
 `` there wo n't be much for us to do now , not until they return . '' 
 `` actually , '' nate said , looking from jessamine to tessa , `` i think i 've had enough of rest . 
 a fellow ought to get back on his feet eventually , ought n't he ? 
 i could stand to eat a bite of something , and i would n't mind some company . 
 if you would n't mind my joining you here once i 'm dressed ? '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 jessamine looked delighted . 
 `` i 'll ask agatha to prepare something light . 
 and perhaps a game of cards to keep us occupied after we eat . 
 sandwiches and tea , i think . '' 
 she clapped her hands together as thomas and nate left the room , and turned to tessa , her eyes bright . 
 `` wo n't that be fun ? '' 
 `` cards ? '' 
 tessa , who had been shocked nearly speechless by jessamine 's suggestion , found her voice . 
 `` you think we ought to play cards ? 
 while henry and charlotte are off fighting de quincey ? '' 
 jessamine tossed her head . 
 `` as if our moping around would help them ! 
 i 'm sure they 'd rather we were cheerful and active in their absence rather than idle and morose . '' 
 tessa frowned . 
 `` i really do n't think , '' she said , `` that suggesting cards to nate was a kind idea , jessamine . 
 you know perfectly well he has ... trouble ... with gambling . '' 
 `` we 're not going to gamble , '' jessamine said airily . 
 `` just a friendly game of cards . 
 really , tessa , must you be such a wet blanket ? '' 
 `` a what ? 
 jessamine , i know you 're only trying to keep nate happy . 
 but this is n't the way - '' `` and i suppose you 've mastered the art of winning men 's affections ? '' 
 jessamine snapped , her brown eyes sparking with anger . 
 `` you think i have n't seen you looking at will with puppy-dog eyes ? 
 as if he were even - oh ! '' 
 she threw up her hands . 
 `` never mind . 
 you make me sick . 
 i 'm going to talk to agatha without you . '' 
 with that , she rose to her feet and flounced out of the room , pausing in the doorway only to say `` and i know you do n't care how you look , but you ought to at least fix your hair , tessa . 
 it looks like birds are living in it ! '' 
 before the door slammed shut behind her . 
 silly as tessa knew it was , jessamine 's words stung . 
 she hastened back to her room to splash water on her face and run a hairbrush through her tangled hair . 
 looking at her own white face in the mirror , she tried not to wonder if she still looked like the sister nate remembered . 
 tried not to imagine how she might have changed . 
 finished , she hurried out into the corridor-and nearly walked directly into will , who was leaning against the corridor wall opposite her door , examining his nails . 
 with his usual disregard for manners , he was in shirtsleeves , and over the shirt was a series of leather straps crisscrossing his chest . 
 across his back hung a long , thin blade ; she could see the hilt of it just over his shoulder . 
 thrust through his belt were several long , thin white seraph blades . 
 `` i - '' jessamine 's voice echoed in tessa 's head : you think i have n't seen you looking at will with puppy-dog eyes ? 
 the witchlight was burning low . 
 tessa hoped it was too dim in the corridor for him to see her blush . 
 `` i thought you were n't going with the enclave tonight , '' she said finally , more to have something to say than anything else . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm bringing these down to charlotte and henry in the courtyard . 
 benedict lightwood is sending his carriage for them . 
 it 's faster . 
 it should be here shortly . '' 
 it was dark in the corridor , dark enough that though tessa thought that will was smiling , she was n't sure . 
 `` concerned about my safety , are you ? 
 or had you planned to gift me with a favor so i could wear it into battle like wilfred of ivanhoe ? '' 
 `` i never liked that book , '' tessa said . 
 `` rowena was such a ninny . 
 ivanhoe should have chosen rebecca . '' 
 `` the dark-haired girl , not the blonde ? 
 really ? '' 
 now she was almost sure he was smiling . 
 `` will - ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` do you think the enclave will actually manage to kill him ? 
 de quincey , that is ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he spoke without hesitation . 
 `` the time for negotiation has passed . 
 if you 've ever seen terriers in a rat-baiting pit-well , i do n't suppose you would have . 
 but that 's what it will be like tonight . 
 the clave will dispatch the vampires one by one until they are wiped out utterly . '' 
 `` you mean there will be no more vampires in london ? '' 
 will shrugged . 
 `` there are always vampires . 
 but de quincey 's clan will be gone . '' 
 `` and once it 's over-once the magister is gone-i suppose there will be no more reason for nate and me to stay in the institute , will there ? '' 
 `` i - '' will seemed genuinely taken aback . 
 `` i suppose - yes , well , that 's true . 
 i imagine that you would prefer to stay in a less ... violent locale . 
 perhaps you could even see some of the nicer parts of london . 
 westminster abbey - '' `` i would prefer to go home , '' tessa said . 
 `` to new york . '' 
 will said nothing . 
 the witchlight in the corridor had faded ; in the shadows she could n't clearly see his face . 
 `` unless there were a reason for me to stay , '' she went on , half-wondering what she herself even meant by that . 
 it was easier to talk to will like this , when she could n't see his face , and could only sense his presence near hers in the dark corridor . 
 she did n't see him move , but she felt his fingers touch the back of her hand lightly . 
 `` tessa , '' he said . 
 `` please do n't worry . 
 soon it will all be settled . '' 
 her heart thumped painfully against her ribs . 
 soon what would be settled ? 
 he could n't mean what she thought he did . 
 he had to mean something else . 
 `` do n't you wish to go home ? '' 
 he did n't move , his fingers still brushing her hand . 
 `` i ca n't ever go home . '' 
 `` but why not ? '' 
 she whispered , but it was too late . 
 she felt him retreating from her . 
 his hand drew back from hers . 
 `` i know your parents came to the institute when you were twelve and you refused to see them . 
 why ? 
 what did they do to you that was so dreadful ? '' 
 `` they did nothing . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i must go . 
 henry and charlotte are waiting . '' 
 `` will , '' she said , but he was already walking away , a slim dark shadow moving toward the stairs . 
 `` will , '' she called after him . 
 `` will , who is cecily ? '' 
 but he was already gone . 
 by the time tessa returned to the drawing room , nate and jessamine were there , and the sun had begun to set . 
 she went immediately to the window and looked out . 
 in the courtyard below , jem , henry , will , and charlotte were gathered , their shadows cast long and dark across the institute 's steps . 
 henry was putting a last iratze rune on his arm while charlotte seemed to be giving jem and will instructions . 
 jem was nodding , but tessa could tell even at this distance that will , whose arms were crossed over his chest , was being recalcitrant . 
 he wants to go with them , she thought . 
 he does n't want to stay here . 
 jem probably wanted to go as well , but he would n't complain about it . 
 that was the difference between the two boys . 
 one of the differences , at any rate . 
 `` tessie , are you sure you do n't want to play ? '' 
 nate turned to look at his sister . 
 he was back in his armchair , a rug over his legs , cards laid out on a small table between him and jessamine beside a silver tea service and a small plate of sandwiches . 
 his hair looked slightly damp , as if he had washed it , and he was wearing jem 's clothes . 
 nathaniel had lost weight , tessa could tell , but jem was slender enough that his shirt was still a little tight on nate at the collar and cuffs-though jem 's shoulders were still broader , and nate looked a little slighter of frame in jem 's jacket . 
 tessa was still looking out the window . 
 a great black carriage had drawn up , with a design on the door of two burning torches , and henry and charlotte were getting into it . 
 will and jem had vanished from view . 
 `` she 's sure . '' 
 jessamine sniffed when tessa did n't answer . 
 `` just look at her . 
 she looks so disapproving . '' 
 tessa tore her gaze from the window . 
 `` i 'm not disapproving . 
 it just seems wrong to play games while henry and charlotte and others are out risking their lives . '' 
 `` yes , i know , you said that before . '' 
 jessamine set her cards down . 
 `` really , tessa . 
 this happens all the time . 
 they go off to battle ; they come back . 
 there 's nothing worth getting worked up over . '' 
 tessa bit her lip . 
 `` i feel i ought to have said good-bye or good luck , but with all the rushing about - '' `` you need n't worry , '' jem said , coming into the drawing room , will just behind him . 
 `` shadowhunters do n't say good-bye , not before a battle . 
 or good luck . 
 you must behave as if return is certain , not a matter of chance . '' 
 `` we do n't require luck , '' said will , throwing himself into a chair beside jessamine , who shot him an angry look . 
 `` we have a heavenly mandate , after all . 
 with god on your side , what does luck matter ? '' 
 he sounded surprisingly bitter . 
 `` oh , stop being so depressing , will , '' said jessamine . 
 `` we 're playing cards . 
 you can either join the game or be quiet . '' 
 will raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what are you playing ? '' 
 `` pope joan , '' said jessamine coolly , dealing out cards . 
 `` i was just explaining the rules to mr. gray . '' 
 `` miss lovelace says you win by ridding yourself of all your cards . 
 that seems backward to me . '' 
 nate grinned across the table at jessamine , who dimpled annoyingly . 
 will poked at the steaming cup that sat beside nathaniel 's elbow . 
 `` is there any tea in this , '' he inquired , `` or is it simply pure brandy ? '' 
 nate flushed . 
 `` brandy is restorative . '' 
 `` yes , '' said jem , a little edge to his voice . 
 `` it often restores men right to the poorhouse . '' 
 `` really ! 
 the two of you ! 
 such hypocrites . 
 it is n't as if will does n't drink , and jem - '' jessamine broke off , biting her lip . 
 `` you two are just fussing because henry and charlotte would n't take you along with them , '' she said finally . 
 `` because you 're too young . '' 
 she smiled at nate across the table . 
 `` i prefer the company of a more mature gentleman , myself . '' 
 nate , tessa thought disgustedly , is exactly two years older than will . 
 hardly a century . 
 nor is he by any stretch of the imagination `` mature . '' 
 but before she could say anything , a great , echoing boom sounded through the institute . 
 nate raised his eyebrows . 
 `` i thought this was n't a real church . 
 i thought there were no bells . '' 
 `` there are n't . 
 that sound is n't church bells ringing . '' 
 will rose to his feet . 
 `` that 's the summoning bell . 
 it means someone is downstairs and demands conference with the shadowhunters . 
 and since james and i are the only ones here ... '' he looked at jessamine , and tessa realized he was waiting for jessamine to contradict him , to say that she was a shadowhunter too . 
 but jessamine was smiling at nate , and he was leaning in to say something in her ear ; neither of them was paying attention to what else was going on in the room . 
 jem looked at will and shook his head . 
 they both turned toward the door ; as they went out , jem looked at tessa and gave her a little shrug . 
 i wish you were a shadowhunter , she thought his eyes were saying , but maybe it was simply what she hoped they were saying . 
 perhaps he was merely smiling at her kindly and there was no meaning in it . 
 nate poured himself another hot water and brandy . 
 he and jessamine had abandoned the pretense that they were playing cards and were leaning close to each other , murmuring in low voices . 
 tessa felt a dull thump of disappointment . 
 somehow she had expected that nate 's ordeal would have made him more thoughtful-more inclined to understand that there were larger things at work in the world , more important things than his own immediate pleasures . 
 she expected nothing better of jessamine , but what had once seemed charming in nate now grated on her nerves in a way that surprised her . 
 she leaned toward the window again . 
 there was a carriage in the courtyard . 
 will and jem were on the front steps . 
 with them was a man in evening dress-elegant black tailcoat , high silk hat , a white waistcoat that shone under the witchlight torches . 
 he looked like a mundane to tessa , though at this distance it was difficult to tell . 
 as she watched , he raised his arms and made a broad gesture . 
 she saw will look at jem , and jem nod , and wondered what on earth they were talking about . 
 she looked past the man to the coach behind him-and froze . 
 instead of a coat of arms , the name of a business enterprise was painted across one of the doors : mortmain and company . 
 mortmain . 
 the man her father had worked for , whom nathaniel had blackmailed , who had introduced her brother to the shadow world . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 she looked at nate again , her feeling of annoyance washed away by a wave of protectiveness . 
 if he knew mortmain was here , he would doubtless be upset . 
 it would be better if she found out what was going on before he did . 
 she slid off the windowsill and made her way quietly to the door ; deep in conversation with jessamine , nate hardly seemed to notice as she left the room . 
 it was surprisingly easy for tessa to find her way to the huge stone-bound spiral stairway that speared through the center of the institute . 
 she must have been learning her way around the place at last , she decided as she made her way down the steps to the ground floor , and found thomas standing in the entryway . 
 he was holding a massive sword , point down , his face very serious . 
 behind him the massive double doors of the institute were open on a rectangle of blue-black london twilight , lit by the blaze of the courtyard 's witchlight torches . 
 he looked taken aback at the sight of tessa . 
 `` miss gray ? '' 
 she pitched her voice low . 
 `` what 's going on out there , thomas ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` mr. mortmain , '' he said . 
 `` he wanted to speak with mr. and mrs. branwell , but since they 're not here - '' tessa started toward the door . 
 thomas , startled , moved to prevent her . 
 `` miss gray , i do n't think - '' `` you 'll have to use that sword on me to stop me , thomas , '' tessa said in a cold voice , and thomas , after a moment 's hesitation , moved aside . 
 tessa , with a twinge , hoped she had n't hurt his feelings , but he looked more astonished than anything else . 
 she moved past him , onto the steps outside the institute , where will and jem were standing . 
 a hard breeze was coming up , ruffling her hair and making her shiver . 
 at the foot of the stairs stood the man she had seen from the window . 
 he was shorter than she would have imagined : small and wiry-looking , with a tanned , friendly face beneath the brim of his tall hat . 
 despite the elegance of his clothes , he had the bluff , natural bearing of a sailor or tradesman . 
 `` yes , '' he was saying , `` mr. and mrs. branwell were kind enough to call on me last week . 
 and were even kinder , i understand , in keeping our meeting something of a secret . '' 
 `` they did n't tell the enclave about your occult experimentations , if that is what you mean , '' will said a bit shortly . 
 mortmain reddened . 
 `` yes . 
 it was a favor . 
 and i had thought to return the favor in kind - '' he broke off , looking past will at tessa . 
 `` and who is this ? 
 another shadowhunter ? '' 
 will and jem both turned at the same time and saw tessa . 
 jem looked pleased to see her ; will , of course , looked exasperated , and perhaps a touch amused . 
 `` tessa , '' he said . 
 `` could n't keep your nose out , could you ? '' 
 he turned back to mortmain . 
 `` this is miss gray , of course . 
 nathaniel gray 's sister . '' 
 mortmain looked appalled . 
 `` oh , good god . 
 i should have realized . 
 you look like him . 
 miss gray - '' `` i do n't think she does , actually , '' will said , but rather quietly , so tessa doubted mortmain could hear him . 
 `` you ca n't see nate , '' tessa said . 
 `` i do n't know if that 's why you 've come here , mr. mortmain , but he is n't well enough . 
 he needs to recover from his ordeal , not be reminded of it . '' 
 the lines deepened at the corners of mortmain 's mouth . 
 `` i 'm not here to see the boy , '' he said . 
 `` i recognize that i failed him , failed him abominably . 
 mrs. branwell made that clear - '' `` you should have looked for him , '' tessa said . 
 `` my brother . 
 you let him sink into the shadow world without a trace . '' 
 some small part of tessa 's mind was amazed she was being so bold , but she went on , regardless . 
 `` when he told you he 'd gone to work for de quincey , you should have done something . 
 you knew what kind of man de quincey was-if you can even call him a man . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 mortmain looked gray beneath his hat . 
 `` that is why i am here . 
 to try to make up for what i 've done . '' 
 `` and how do you propose to do that ? '' 
 asked jem , in his clear , strong voice . 
 `` and why now ? '' 
 mortmain looked at tessa . 
 `` your parents , '' he said , `` were good , kind people . 
 i have always regretted introducing them to the shadow world . 
 at the time , i thought it all a delightful game and a bit of a joke . 
 i have learned otherwise since . 
 to assuage that guilt , i will tell you what i know . 
 even if it means i must flee england to escape de quincey 's wrath . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` some time ago , de quincey ordered from me a number of mechanical parts-cogs , cams , gears , and the like . 
 i never asked what he needed them for . 
 one does not inquire such things of the magister . 
 only when you nephilim came to see me did it occur to me that his need for them might be connected to a nefarious purpose . 
 i investigated , and an informant within the club told me that de quincey intended to build an army of mechanical monsters meant to destroy the ranks of shadowhunters . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` de quincey and his ilk may despise shadowhunters , but i do not . 
 i am only a human man . 
 i know they are all that stand between me and a world in which i and my kind are the playthings of demons . 
 i can not stand behind what de quincey is doing . '' 
 `` that is all very well , '' will said , a hint of impatience in his voice , `` but you are not telling us anything we do not already know . '' 
 `` did you also know , '' mortmain said , `` that he paid a pair of warlocks called the dark sisters to create a binding spell that would animate these creatures not with mechanics but with demonic energies ? '' 
 `` we did , '' said jem . 
 `` though i believe there is only one dark sister remaining . 
 will destroyed the other one . '' 
 `` but her sister brought her back via a necromantic charm , '' said mortmain , a hint of triumph in his tone , as if he were relieved to at last have a piece of information that they did not . 
 `` even now the two of them are ensconced in a mansion in highgate-it used to belong to a warlock , until de quincey had him killed-working on the binding spell . 
 if my sources are correct , the dark sisters will attempt to implement the spell tonight . '' 
 will 's blue eyes were dark and thoughtful . 
 `` thank you for the information , '' he said , `` but de quincey will soon be no more of a threat to us , or his mechanical monsters , either . '' 
 mortmain 's eyes widened . 
 `` is the clave to move against the magister ? 
 tonight ? '' 
 `` goodness , '' said will . 
 `` you really do know all the terms , do n't you . 
 it 's very disconcerting in a mundane . '' 
 he smiled pleasantly . 
 `` you mean you 're not going to tell me , '' said mortmain ruefully . 
 `` i suppose you would n't . 
 but you should know that de quincey has at his disposal hundreds of those clockwork creatures . 
 an army . 
 the moment the dark sisters work their spell , the army will rise and join with de quincey . 
 if the enclave is to defeat him , it would be wise to ensure that that army does not rise , or they will be nearly impossible to defeat . '' 
 `` are you aware of the dark sisters ' location , beyond the fact that it is in highgate ? '' 
 asked jem . 
 mortmain nodded . 
 `` most certainly , '' he said , and rattled off a street name and house number . 
 will nodded . 
 `` well , we 'll certainly take all this under advisement . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` indeed , '' said jem . 
 `` good evening , mr. mortmain . '' 
 `` but - '' mortmain looked taken aback . 
 `` are you going to do something about what i 've told you , or not ? '' 
 `` i said we 'd take it under advisement , '' will told him . 
 `` as for you , mr. mortmain , you look like a man with somewhere to be . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mortmain glanced down at his evening dress , and chuckled . 
 `` i suppose so . 
 it 's just-if the magister finds out that i 've told you all this , my life could be in danger . '' 
 `` then perhaps it is time for a holiday , '' jem suggested . 
 `` i 've heard italy is very pleasant this time of year . '' 
 mortmain looked from will to jem and back again , and then seemed to give up . 
 his shoulders sagged . 
 he raised his eyes to tessa . 
 `` if you could pass along my apologies to your brother ... '' `` i do n't think so , '' tessa said , `` but thank you , mr. mortmain . '' 
 after a long pause he nodded , then turned away . 
 the three of them watched as he climbed back into his carriage . 
 the sound of the horses ' hooves was loud in the courtyard as the carriage pulled away and rattled through the institute gates . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 tessa asked the moment the carriage was out of sight . 
 `` about the dark sisters ? '' 
 `` go after them , of course . '' 
 will 's color was high , his eyes glittering . 
 `` your brother said de quincey had dozens of those creatures at his disposal ; mortmain says there are hundreds . 
 if mortmain 's correct , we must get to the dark sisters before they work their spell , or the enclave may well be walking into a slaughter . '' 
 `` but-perhaps it would be better to warn henry and charlotte and the others - '' `` how ? '' 
 will managed to make the one word sound cutting . 
 `` i suppose we could send thomas to warn the enclave , but there is no guarantee he will get there in time , and if the dark sisters manage to raise the army , he could simply be killed with the rest . 
 no , we must manage the dark sisters on our own . 
 i killed one of them before ; jem and i ought to be able to manage two . '' 
 `` but perhaps mortmain is wrong , '' tessa said . 
 `` you have only his word ; he might have faulty information . '' 
 `` he might , '' jem acknowledged , `` but can you imagine if he does n't ? 
 and we ignored him ? 
 the consequence to the enclave could be utter destruction . '' 
 tessa , knowing he was right , felt her heart sink . 
 `` maybe i could help . 
 i fought the dark sisters with you once before . 
 if i could accompany you - '' `` no , '' will said . 
 `` it 's out of the question . 
 we have so little time to prepare that we must rely on our fighting experience . 
 and you have none . '' 
 `` i fought off de quincey at the party - '' `` i said no . '' 
 will 's tone was final . 
 tessa looked at jem , but he gave only an apologetic shrug as if to say that he was sorry but will was right . 
 she turned her gaze back to will . 
 `` but what about boadicea ? '' 
 for a moment she thought he 'd forgotten what he 'd said to her in the library . 
 then the glimmer of a smile tugged at the corner of his mouth , as if he 'd tried to fight it and could n't . 
 `` you will be boadicea someday , tessa , '' he said , `` but not tonight . '' 
 he turned to jem . 
 `` we ought to get thomas and tell him to ready the carriage . 
 highgate 's not close ; we 'd best get started . '' 
 full night had descended on the city by the time will and jem stood out by the carriage , preparing to depart . 
 thomas was checking the fastenings on the horses while will , his stele a white flash in the dimness , scrawled a mark on jem 's bare forearm . 
 tessa , having registered her disapproval , stood on the steps and watched them , a hollow feeling in her stomach . 
 after satisfying himself that the harnesses were secure , thomas turned and ran lightly up the steps , stopping when tessa raised a hand to halt him . 
 `` are they going now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` all ready to go , miss . '' 
 he had tried to get jem and will to take him along , but will was concerned that charlotte would be angry at thomas for participating in their exploit and had told him not to come . 
 `` besides , '' will had said , `` we ought to have a man in the house-someone to protect the institute while we 're gone . 
 nathaniel does n't count , '' he 'd added , with a sideways glance at tessa , who had ignored him . 
 will slid jem 's sleeve down , covering the marks he had made . 
 as he returned his stele to his pocket , jem stood looking up at him ; their faces were pale smudges in the torchlight . 
 tessa raised her hand , then lowered it slowly . 
 what was it he had said ? 
 shadowhunters do n't say good-bye , not before a battle . 
 or good luck . 
 you must behave as if return is certain , not a matter of chance . 
 the boys , as if alerted by her gesture , looked up toward her . 
 she thought she could see the blue of will 's eyes , even from where she stood . 
 he wore a strange look as their eyes locked , the look of someone who has just woken up and wonders if what they are looking at is real or a dream . 
 it was jem who broke away and ran up the stairs to her . 
 as he reached her , she saw that he had high color in his face , and his eyes were bright and hot . 
 she wondered how much of the drug will had let him take , so that he would be ready to fight . 
 `` tessa - , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't mean to say good-bye , '' she said quickly . 
 `` but-it seems odd to let you leave without saying anything at all . '' 
 he looked at her curiously . 
 he did something that surprised her then , and took her hand , turning it over . 
 she looked down at it , at her bitten fingernails , the still-healing scratches along the backs of her fingers . 
 he kissed the back of it , just a light touch of his mouth , and his hair-as soft and light as silk-brushed her wrist as he lowered his head . 
 she felt a shock go through her , strong enough to startle her , and she stood speechless as he straightened , his mouth curving into a smile . 
 `` mizpah , '' he said . 
 she blinked at him , a little dazed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a sort of good-bye without saying good-bye , '' he said . 
 `` it is a reference to a passage in the bible . 
 ` and mizpah , for he said , the lord watch between me and thee when we are absent one from another . ' '' 
 there was no chance for tessa to say anything in response , for he had turned and run down the steps to join will , who was as motionless as a statue , his face upturned , at the foot of the steps . 
 his hands , sheathed in black gloves , were in fists at his sides , tessa thought . 
 but perhaps it was a trick of the light , for when jem reached him and touched him on the shoulder , he turned with a laugh , and without another look at tessa , he swung himself up into the driver 's seat , jem following him . 
 he cracked the whip , and the carriage rattled through the gate , which slammed shut behind it as if pushed by invisible hands . 
 tessa heard the lock catch , a hard click in the silence , and then the sound of church bells ringing somewhere in the city . 
 sophie and agatha were waiting in the entryway for tessa when she came back inside ; agatha was saying something to sophie , but sophie did n't appear to be listening . 
 she looked over at tessa as she came in , and something about the way she looked , for a moment , reminded tessa of the way will had looked at her in the courtyard . 
 but that was ridiculous ; there were no two people in the world more unalike than sophie and will . 
 tessa stepped aside as agatha went to close the great , heavy double doors . 
 she had just pushed them shut , panting slightly , when the knob of the leftmost door , untouched , began to turn . 
 sophie frowned . 
 `` they ca n't be back so soon , can they ? '' 
 agatha gazed down , perplexed , at the turning knob , her hands still braced against the door-then stood back as the doors swung wide before her . 
 a figure stood on the doorstep , backlit by the light outside . 
 for a moment all tessa could tell was that he was tall and clad in a frayed jacket . 
 agatha , her head tipping back as she gazed upward , said in a startled voice , `` oh , my lor ' - '' the figure moved . 
 light flashed on metal ; agatha screamed and staggered . 
 she seemed to be trying to back away from the stranger , but something was preventing her . 
 `` dear god in heaven , '' sophie whispered . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 for a moment tessa saw the whole scene frozen , as if it were a painting-the open door , the clockwork automaton , the one with the stripped bare hands , still in the same worn gray jacket . 
 and still , dear god , with jem 's blood on its hands , dried red-black on the dull gray flesh , and the strips of copper showing through where the skin had been scraped or pulled away . 
 one bloodstained hand gripped agatha 's wrist ; clamped in the other was a long , thin knife . 
 tessa moved forward , but it was already too late . 
 the creature swung the blade with blinding speed , and buried it in agatha 's chest . 
 agatha choked , her hands going to the blade . 
 the creature stood , ragged and terrifying and unmoving as she clawed at the knife hilt ; then , with appalling swiftness , it yanked the blade back , letting her crumple to the ground . 
 nor did the automaton remain to watch her fall , but turned and walked back out the door through which it had come . 
 galvanized , sophie screamed `` agatha ! '' 
 and ran to her side . 
 tessa dashed to the door . 
 the clockwork creature was walking down the steps , into the empty courtyard . 
 she stared after it . 
 what on earth had it come for , and why was it leaving now ? 
 but there was no time to dwell on that . 
 she reached for the rope of the summoning bell and pulled it , hard . 
 as the sound clanged through the building , she slammed the door shut , dropping the lock bar into place , then turned to help sophie . 
 together they managed to lift agatha and half-carry , half-drag her across the room , where they fell to their knees beside her . 
 sophie , ripping strips of fabric from her white apron and pressing them over agatha 's wound , said in a tone of wild panic , `` i do n't understand , miss . 
 nothing should be able to touch that door-none but one with shadowhunter blood should be able to turn the doorknob . '' 
 but he had shadowhunter blood , tessa thought with a sudden horror . 
 jem 's blood , staining its metal hands like paint . 
 could that be why it had bent over jem that night after the bridge ? 
 could that be why it had fled , once it had gotten what it wanted-his blood ? 
 and did n't that mean it could come back whenever it wanted ? 
 she began to rise to her feet , but it was already too late . 
 the bar that held the door closed cracked with a noise like a gunshot , and tumbled to the ground in two pieces . 
 sophie looked up and screamed again , though she did n't move away from agatha as the door burst open , a window onto the night . 
 the steps of the institute were no longer empty ; they were teeming , but not with people . 
 clockwork monsters swarmed up them , their movements jerky , their faces blank and staring . 
 they were not quite like the ones tessa had seen before . 
 some looked as though they had been put together so hastily that they had no faces at all , just smooth ovals of metal patched here and there with uneven bits of human skin . 
 even more horrible , quite a few of them had bits of machinery in place of arms or legs . 
 one automaton had a scythe where his arm ought to have been ; another sported a saw that stuck out of the hanging sleeve of his shirt like a parody of a real arm . 
 tessa rose and flung herself against the open door , trying to heave it shut . 
 it was heavy , and seemed to move agonizingly slowly . 
 behind her , sophie was screaming , helplessly , over and over ; agatha was horribly silent . 
 with a ragged gasp tessa pushed at the door one more time - and jerked her hands back as the door was torn out of her grasp , ripped from its hinges like a handful of weeds ripped out of the earth . 
 she fell back as the automaton who had seized the door flung it aside and heaved itself forward , its metal feet clanking against the stone as it lurched over the threshold-followed by another and then another of its mechanical brethren , at least a dozen of them , advancing toward tessa with their monstrous arms outstretched . 
 by the time will and jem reached the mansion in highgate , the moon had begun to rise . 
 highgate was on a hill in the north part of london , commanding an excellent view of the city below , pale under the moon 's light , which turned the fog and coal smoke that hung over the city into a silvery cloud . 
 a dream city , will thought , floating in the air . 
 a bit of poetry hung at the edges of his mind , something about the terrible wonder of london , but his nerves were tight with the jangling tension of impending battle , and he could not remember the words . 
 the house was a great georgian pile , set in abundant parkland . 
 a high brick wall ran around it , the slanting dark mansard roof just visible above it from the street . 
 a shiver of cold passed over will as they drew near it , but he was unsurprised to feel such a thing in highgate . 
 they were near what londoners called the gravel pit woods at the city 's edge , where thousands of bodies had been dumped during the great plague . 
 lacking a proper burial , their angry shades haunted the neighborhood even now , and will had been sent up here more than once , thanks to their activities . 
 a black metal gate set into the mansion 's wall kept out intruders , but jem 's open rune made short work of the lock . 
 after leaving the carriage just inside the gate , the two shadowhunters found themselves on the curving drive that led up to the house 's front entrance . 
 the path was weed-ridden and overgrown , and the gardens stretched out around it , dotted with crumbling outbuildings and the blackened stumps of dead trees . 
 jem turned to will , eyes feverish . 
 `` shall we get on with it ? '' 
 will drew a seraph blade from his belt . 
 `` israfel , '' he whispered , and the weapon blazed up like a fork of contained lightning . 
 seraph blades burned so brightly that will always expected them to give off heat , but their blades were ice cold to the touch . 
 he remembered tessa telling him that hell was cold , and he fought back the odd urge to smile at the memory . 
 they 'd been running for their lives , she ought to have been terrified , and there she had been , telling him about the inferno in precise american tones . 
 `` indeed , '' he said to jem . 
 `` it 's time . '' 
 they ascended the front steps and tried the doors . 
 though will had expected them to be locked , they were open , and gave way at the touch with a resonant creaking . 
 he and jem edged inside the house , the light of their seraph blades illuminating the way . 
 they found themselves in a grand foyer . 
 the arched windows behind them had probably once been magnificent . 
 now they alternated whole panes with broken ones . 
 through the spiderwebbing cracks in the glass , a view of the tangled and overgrown parkland beyond was visible . 
 the marble underfoot was cracked and broken , weeds growing up through it as they had been growing through the stones of the drive . 
 before will and jem , a great curving staircase swept upward , toward the shadowy first floor . 
 `` this ca n't be right , '' jem whispered . 
 `` it 's as if no one 's been here in fifty years . '' 
 barely had he finished speaking when a sound rose on the night air , a sound that lifted the hairs on will 's neck and made the marks on his shoulders burn . 
 it was singing-but not pleasant singing . 
 it was a voice capable of reaching notes no human voice could reach . 
 overhead , the chandelier 's crystal pendants rattled like wineglasses set to vibrating at the touch of a finger . 
 `` someone 's here , '' will muttered back . 
 without another word he and jem turned so that their backs were to each other . 
 jem faced the open front doorway ; will , the vast curving stairs . 
 something appeared at the head of the stairs . 
 at first will saw only an alternating pattern of black and white , a shadow that moved . 
 as it drifted downward , the singing sound grew louder , and the hairs on will 's neck prickled more . 
 sweat dampened the hair at his temples and ran down the small of his back , despite the chill air . 
 she was halfway down the stairs before he recognized her-mrs . 
 dark , her long , bony body clad in a sort of nun 's habit , a shapeless dark robe that fell from her neck to her feet . 
 a lightless lantern swung from one clawed hand . 
 she was alone-though not quite , will realized as she paused on the landing , for the thing she was clutching in her hand was not a lantern after all . 
 it was her sister 's severed head . 
 `` by the angel , '' will whispered . 
 `` jem , look . '' 
 jem looked , and swore too . 
 mrs. black 's head dangled from a plait of gray hair , which mrs. dark clutched as if it were a priceless artifact . 
 the head 's eyes were open , and perfectly white , like boiled eggs . 
 its mouth hung open too , a line of dried black blood threading from one corner of the lips . 
 mrs. dark stopped her song and giggled , like a schoolgirl . 
 `` naughty , naughty , '' she said . 
 `` breaking into my house like this . 
 bad little shadowhunters . '' 
 `` i thought , '' jem said under his breath , `` that the other sister was alive . '' 
 `` maybe this one brought her sister back to life and then chopped her head off again ? '' 
 will muttered . 
 `` seems a lot of work for no real gain , but then ... '' `` murdering nephilim , '' mrs. dark snarled , fixing her gaze on will . 
 `` not content with killing my sister once , are you ? 
 you must return and prevent me even from giving her a second life . 
 do you know-have you any idea-what it 's like to be entirely alone ? '' 
 `` more than you can ever imagine , '' will said tightly , and saw jem glance at him sideways , puzzled . 
 stupid , will thought . 
 i should n't say such things . 
 mrs. dark swayed on her feet . 
 `` you are mortal . 
 you are alone for a moment of time , a single breath of the universe . 
 i am alone forever . '' 
 she clutched the head to her tightly . 
 `` what difference does it make to you ? 
 surely there are darker crimes in london that more urgently require the attention of the shadowhunters than my poor attempts to bring back my sister . '' 
 will 's gaze met jem 's . 
 the other boy shrugged . 
 clearly he was as confused as will was . 
 `` it 's true that necromancy is against the law , '' jem said , `` but so is binding demon energies . 
 and that does require our attention , quite urgently . '' 
 mrs. dark stared at them . 
 `` binding demon energies ? '' 
 `` there is no point in pretending . 
 we know your plans exactly , '' said will . 
 `` we know of the automatons , the binding spell , your service to the magister-whom the rest of our enclave is , right now , tracking to his hiding place . 
 by tonight 's end he will be utterly erased . 
 there is no one for you to call on , nowhere for you to hide . '' 
 at that , mrs. dark paled markedly . 
 `` the magister ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` you have found the magister ? 
 but how ... '' `` that 's right , '' will said . 
 `` de quincey escaped us once , but not this time . 
 we know where he is , and - '' but his words were drowned out-by laughter . 
 mrs. dark was bent over the staircase railing , howling with mirth . 
 will and jem stared in confusion as she straightened up . 
 blackish tears of hilarity streaked her face . 
 `` de quincey , the magister ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` that poncing , preening vampire ! 
 oh , what a joke ! 
 you fools , you stupid little fools ! '' 
 18 thirty pieces of silver blot out his name , then , record one lost soul more , one task more declin 'd , one more foot-path untrod , one more devil 's - triumph and sorrow for angels , one wrong more to man , one more insult to god ! 
 - robert browning , `` the lost leader '' tessa staggered back from the door . 
 behind her , sophie was frozen , kneeling over agatha , her hands pressed to the older woman 's chest . 
 blood soaked through the pitiful cloth bandage under her fingers ; agatha had gone a horrible putty color and was making a noise like a teakettle boiling . 
 when she saw the clockwork automatons , her eyes widened and she tried to push sophie away with her bloody hands , but sophie , still screaming , clung tenaciously to the older woman , refusing to move . 
 `` sophie ! '' 
 there was a clatter of footsteps on the stairs , and thomas burst into the entryway , his face very white . 
 in his hand he gripped the massive sword tessa had seen him holding earlier . 
 with him was jessamine , parasol in hand . 
 behind her was nathaniel , looking absolutely terrified . 
 `` what on earth - ? '' 
 thomas broke off , staring from sophie , tessa , and agatha to the door and back again . 
 the automatons had come to a halt . 
 they stood in a line just inside the doorway , as still as puppets whose strings were no longer being pulled . 
 their blank faces stared straight ahead . 
 `` agatha ! '' 
 sophie 's voice rose to a wail . 
 the older woman was still , her eyes wide open but unfocused . 
 her hands hung limply at her sides . 
 though it made her skin prickle to turn her back on the machines , tessa bent and put her hand on sophie 's shoulder . 
 the other girl shook her off ; she was making little whimpering noises , like a kicked dog . 
 tessa darted a glance behind her toward the automatons . 
 they were still as motionless as chess pieces , but how long could that last ? 
 `` sophie , please ! '' 
 nate was breathing in pants , his eyes fixed on the door , his face as white as chalk . 
 he looked as if he wanted nothing more than to turn and run . 
 jessamine glanced at him once , a look of surprise and disdain , before turning to thomas . 
 `` get her on her feet , '' she said . 
 `` she 'll listen to you . '' 
 after a single startled glance at jessamine , thomas bent down and , gently but firmly , pried sophie 's hands from agatha , raising her to her feet . 
 she clung to him . 
 her hands and arms were as red as if she had come from a slaughterhouse , and her apron was nearly ripped in half and was printed with bloodied handprints . 
 `` miss lovelace , '' he said in a low voice , keeping sophie close against him with the hand not holding the sword . 
 `` take sophie and miss gray to the sanctuary - '' `` no , '' said a drawling voice from behind tessa , `` i do n't think so . 
 or rather , certainly , take the servant girl and go where you like with her . 
 but miss gray will be remaining here . 
 as will her brother . '' 
 the voice was familiar-shockingly so . 
 very slowly tessa turned . 
 standing among the frozen machines as if he had simply appeared there by magic was a man . 
 just as ordinary-looking as tessa had thought he was before , though his hat was gone now , and his graying head was bare under the witchlight . 
 mortmain . 
 he was smiling . 
 not as he had been smiling earlier , with affable cheerfulness . 
 his smile now was almost sickening in its glee . 
 `` nathaniel gray , '' he said . 
 `` excellently done . 
 i admit that my faith in you was tested-tested sorely-but you have recovered admirably from your past missteps . 
 i 'm proud of you . '' 
 tessa whirled to look at her brother , but nate seemed to have forgotten she was there-that anyone else was there . 
 he was staring past her at mortmain , the oddest expression-a mix of fear and worship-stamped on his face . 
 he moved forward , pushing past tessa ; she reached to hold him back , but he shook off her reaching hand with a flick of annoyance . 
 at last he was standing directly in front of mortmain . 
 with a cry he went to his knees and clasped his hands in front of him , almost as if he were praying . 
 `` it was only ever my desire , '' he said , `` to serve you , magister . '' 
 * * * mrs. dark was still laughing . 
 `` but what is it ? '' 
 jem said in bewilderment , raising his voice to be heard over her peals of laughter . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 despite her ragged appearance mrs. dark managed an air of triumph . 
 `` de quincey is n't the magister , '' she sneered . 
 `` he 's just a stupid bloodsucker , no better than the others . 
 that you were so easily fooled proves you have no idea who the magister is-or what you 're facing . 
 you 're dead , little shadowhunters . 
 little walking dead men . '' 
 that was too much for will 's temper . 
 with a snarl he lunged toward the steps , his seraph blade outstretched . 
 jem called for him to stop , but it was too late . 
 mrs. dark , her lips drawn back from her teeth like a hissing cobra 's , swung her arm forward and flung her sister 's severed head toward will . 
 with a yell of disgust he ducked aside , and she took the opportunity to charge down the steps , past will , and through the arched doorway at the west side of the foyer , into the shadows beyond . 
 mrs. black 's head , meanwhile , bumped down several stairs and came to rest gently against the toe of will 's boot . 
 he looked down , and winced . 
 one of her eyelids had drooped closed , and her tongue hung , gray and leathery , out of her mouth , for all the world as if she were leering at him . 
 `` i may be sick , '' he announced . 
 `` there 's no time for you to be sick , '' said jem . 
 `` come on - '' and he dashed through the archway after mrs. dark . 
 nudging the warlock 's severed head out of the way with the toe of his boot , will followed after his friend at a run . 
 * * * `` magister ? '' 
 tessa repeated blankly . 
 but that 's impossible . 
 de quincey is the magister . 
 those creatures on the bridge , they said they served him . 
 nate said ... she stared at her brother . 
 `` nate ? '' 
 speaking aloud was a mistake . 
 mortmain 's gaze fell on tessa , and he grinned . 
 `` seize the shape-changer , '' he said to the clockwork creatures . 
 `` do n't let her go . '' 
 `` nate ! '' 
 tessa cried , but her brother did not so much as turn to look at her , as the creatures , brought back to sudden life , lurched forward , whirring and clicking , moving toward tessa . 
 one of them seized her , its metal arms like a vise as they encircled her chest , crushing the breath out of her . 
 mortmain grinned at tessa . 
 `` do n't be too hard on your brother , miss gray . 
 he really is cleverer than i gave him credit for . 
 it was his idea that i lure young carstairs and herondale out of the place with a far-fetched tale , that i might enter unmolested . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 jessamine 's voice trembled as she looked from nate , to tessa , to mortmain , and back again . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 who is this , nate ? 
 why are you kneeling to him ? '' 
 `` he is the magister , '' said nate . 
 `` if you were wise , you would kneel too . '' 
 jessamine looked incredulous . 
 `` this is de quincey ? '' 
 nate 's eyes flashed . 
 `` de quincey is a peon , a serf . 
 he answers to the magister . 
 few even know the magister 's true identity ; i am one of the chosen . 
 the favored . '' 
 jessamine made a rude noise . 
 `` chosen to kneel on the ground , are you ? '' 
 nate 's eyes flashed , and he scrambled to his feet . 
 he shouted something at jessamine , but tessa could not hear it . 
 the metal mannequin had tightened its grip on her to the point where she could barely breathe , and dark spots were beginning to float in front of her eyes . 
 she was dimly aware of mortmain shouting at the creature to loosen its grip on her , but it did not obey . 
 she clawed at its metal arms with weakening fingers , barely aware of something fluttering at her throat , a fluttering that felt as if a bird or a butterfly were trapped beneath the collar of her dress . 
 the chain around her neck was vibrating and twitching . 
 she managed to look down , her vision blurred , and saw to her amazement that the little metal angel had emerged from beneath the collar of her dress ; it soared upward , lifting the chain over her head . 
 its eyes seemed to glow as it flew upward . 
 for the first time its metallic wings were spread , and tessa saw that each wing was edged with something shimmering and razor-sharp . 
 as she watched in amazement , the angel dived like a hornet , slashing with the edges of its wings at the head of the creature holding her-slicing through copper and metal , sending up a shower of red sparks . 
 the sparks stung tessa 's neck like a shower of hot cinders , but she barely noticed ; the creature 's arms loosened around her , and she wrenched herself away as it spun and staggered , its arms jerking blindly in front of it . 
 she could n't help but be reminded somehow of a sketch she 'd seen of an angry gentleman at a garden party waving off bees . 
 mortmain , noticing a beat too late what was going on , shouted , and the other creatures lurched into motion , surging toward tessa . 
 she looked around wildly , but could no longer see the tiny angel . 
 it seemed to have vanished . 
 `` tessa ! 
 get out of the way ! '' 
 a cold little hand caught at her wrist . 
 it was jessamine , yanking her backward as thomas , having released sophie , dived in front of her . 
 jessamine thrust tessa behind her , toward the stairs at the back of the entryway , and moved forward with her parasol whirling . 
 her face was set with determination . 
 it was thomas who struck the first blow . 
 lunging forward with his sword , he sheared through the chest of a creature who was lurching toward him , hands outstretched . 
 the machine man staggered backward , whirring loudly , red sparks spraying from its chest like blood . 
 jessamine laughed at the sight and laid about her with her parasol . 
 the whirling edge of it sliced through the legs of two of the creatures , sending them toppling forward to flop on the ground like landed fish . 
 mortmain looked vexed . 
 `` oh , for goodness ' sake . 
 you - '' he snapped his fingers , pointing at an automaton , one that had something that looked like a metal tube welded to its right wrist . 
 `` get rid of her . 
 the shadowhunter . '' 
 the creature raised its arm jerkily . 
 a bolt of streaky red fire shot from the metal tube . 
 it hit jessamine square in the chest , knocking her backward . 
 her parasol skittered from her hand as she struck the ground , her body twitching , her eyes open and glassy . 
 nathaniel , who had moved to stand beside mortmain on the sidelines of the melee , laughed . 
 a sizzling bolt of hatred went through tessa , shocking her with its intensity . 
 she wanted to throw herself at nate and rip her nails down his cheek , kick him until he screamed . 
 it would n't take much , she knew . 
 he 'd always been a coward where pain was concerned . 
 she started forward , but the creatures , having dealt with jessamine , had already swung back around toward her . 
 thomas , his hair plastered to his face with sweat and a long bloody rent slashed across the front of his shirt , moved to place himself in front of her . 
 he was laying about himself magnificently with the sword , with great , sweeping strokes . 
 it was hard to believe he was n't slashing the creatures to ribbons-and yet they proved surprisingly dexterous . 
 ducking out of his way , they kept coming , their eyes fixed on tessa . 
 thomas spun to look at her , his gaze wild . 
 `` miss gray ! 
 now ! 
 take sophie ! '' 
 tessa hesitated . 
 she did not want to run . 
 she wanted to stand her ground . 
 but sophie was huddling , transfixed behind her , her eyes full of terror . 
 `` sophie ! '' 
 thomas cried , and tessa could hear what was in his voice , and knew she had been right about his feelings for sophie . 
 `` the sanctuary ! 
 go ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 mortmain shouted , turning to the clockwork creature that had attacked jessamine . 
 as it raised its arm , tessa caught hold of sophie 's wrist and began to drag her toward the stairs . 
 a bolt of red fire hit the wall beside them , scorching the stone . 
 tessa shrieked but did n't slow , yanking sophie up the spiral staircase , the smell of smoke and death following them as they ran . 
 will dashed through the archway that separated the foyer from the room beyond-and came up short . 
 jem was already there , staring around him in bewilderment . 
 though there were no exits from the room other than the one they had just come through , mrs. dark was nowhere to be seen . 
 the room , though , was far from empty . 
 it had most likely been a dining room once , and huge portraits adorned the walls , though they had been ripped and slashed to unrecognizability . 
 a great crystal chandelier hung overhead , fronded with strings of gray cobweb that drifted in the disturbed air like ancient lace curtains . 
 it had probably once hung over a grand table . 
 now it swung over a bare marble floor that had been painted with a series of necromantic patterns-a five-pointed star inside a circle inside a square . 
 inside the pentagram stood a repulsive stone statue , the figure of some hideous demon , with twisted limbs and clawed hands . 
 horns rose from its head . 
 all around the room were scattered the remains of dark magic-bones and feathers and strips of skin , pools of blood that seemed to bubble like black champagne . 
 there were empty cages lying on their sides , and a low table on which was spread an array of bloody knives and stone bowls filled with unpleasant dark liquids . 
 in all the gaps between the pentagram 's five points were runes and squiggles that hurt will 's eyes when he looked at them . 
 they were the opposite of the runes in the gray book , which seemed to speak of glory and peace . 
 these were necromantic symbols that spoke of ruin and death . 
 `` jem , '' will said , `` these are not the preparations for a binding spell . 
 this is the work of necromancy . '' 
 `` she was trying to bring back her sister , is n't that what she said ? '' 
 `` yes , but she was doing nothing else . '' 
 a dreadful dark suspicion had begun to blossom in the back of will 's mind . 
 jem did not reply ; his attention seemed to be fixed on something across the room . 
 `` there 's a cat , '' he said in a low whisper , pointing . 
 `` in one of those cages over there . '' 
 will glanced where his friend pointed . 
 indeed , a bristling gray cat was huddled in one of the locked animal cages along the wall . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` it 's still alive . '' 
 `` it 's a cat , james . 
 we have bigger things to worry about - '' but jem was already walking away . 
 he reached the animal 's cage and scooped it up , holding the cage at eye level . 
 the cat looked to be a gray persian , with a squashed-in face and yellow eyes that regarded jem malevolently . 
 suddenly it arched its back and hissed loudly , its eyes fixed on the pentagram . 
 jem looked up-and stared . 
 `` will , '' he said in a warning tone . 
 `` look . '' 
 the statue in the middle of the pentagram had moved . 
 instead of crouching , it had straightened until it was standing upright . 
 its eyes burned with a sulfuric glow . 
 it was only when its triple row of mouths smiled that will realized it was not stone after all , just a creature of hard gray stonelike skin . 
 a demon . 
 will ducked back and flung israfel reflexively , not really expecting the gesture to do much good . 
 it did n't . 
 as it sailed near the pentagram , the blade bounced off an invisible wall and clattered to the marble floor . 
 the demon in the pentagram cackled . 
 `` you attack me here ? '' 
 it demanded in a high , thin voice . 
 `` you could bring the host of heaven against me and they could do nothing ! 
 no angelic power can breach this circle ! '' 
 `` mrs. dark , '' will said between his teeth . 
 `` so you recognize me now , do you ? 
 no one ever claimed you shadowhunters were clever . '' 
 the demon bared its greenish fangs . 
 `` this is my true form . 
 an ugly surprise for you , i suppose . '' 
 `` i daresay it 's an improvement , '' said will . 
 `` you were n't much to look at before , and at least the horns are dramatic . '' 
 `` what are you , then ? '' 
 jem demanded , setting the cage , the cat still in it , down on the floor at his feet . 
 `` i thought you and your sister were warlocks . '' 
 `` my sister was a warlock , '' hissed the creature that had been mrs. dark . 
 `` i am a full-blood demon-eidolon . 
 a shape-changer . 
 like your precious tessa . 
 but unlike her i can not become what i transform into . 
 i can not touch the minds of the living or the dead . 
 so the magister did not want me . '' 
 thin hurt was in the creature 's voice . 
 `` he enlisted me to train her . 
 his precious little protegee . 
 my sister as well . 
 we know the ways of the change . 
 we were able to force it on her . 
 but she was never grateful . '' 
 `` that must have hurt you , '' jem said in his most soothing voice . 
 will opened his mouth , but seeing jem 's warning look , closed it again . 
 `` seeing tessa get what you wanted , and not appreciating it . '' 
 `` she never understood . 
 the honor that was being done her . 
 the glory that would be hers . '' 
 the yellow eyes burned . 
 `` when she fled , the magister 's rage fell on me-i had disappointed him . 
 he swore out a bounty on me . '' 
 that jolted jem , or seemed to . 
 `` you mean de quincey wanted you dead ? '' 
 `` how many times must i tell you that de quincey is not the magister ? 
 the magister is - '' the demon broke off with a growl . 
 `` you try to trick me , little shadowhunter , but your trick will not work . '' 
 jem shrugged . 
 `` you can not remain in that pentagram forever , mrs. dark . 
 eventually the rest of the enclave will come . 
 we will starve you out . 
 and then you will be ours , and you know how the clave deals with those who break the law . '' 
 mrs. dark hissed . 
 `` perhaps he has forsaken me , '' she said , `` but i still fear the magister more than i fear you , or your enclave . '' 
 more than i fear the enclave . 
 she should have been afraid , will thought . 
 what jem had said to her was true . 
 she ought to be afraid , but she was n't . 
 in will 's experience , when someone who ought to be afraid was n't , the reason was rarely bravery . 
 usually it meant that they knew something you did n't . 
 `` if you will not tell us who the magister is , '' said will , his voice edged with steel , `` perhaps you can answer a simple question instead . 
 is axel mortmain the magister ? '' 
 the demon let out a wail , then clapped its bony hands over its mouth and sank , burning-eyed , to the ground . 
 `` the magister . 
 he will think i told you . 
 i will never earn his forgiveness now - '' `` mortmain ? '' 
 echoed jem . 
 `` but he is the one who warned us - ah . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i see . '' 
 he had gone very white ; will knew his thoughts were chasing down the same winding road will 's just had . 
 he would probably have gotten there first-will suspected jem was in fact cleverer than he was himself-but he lacked will 's tendency to assume the absolute worst about people and proceed from there . 
 `` mortmain lied to us about the dark sisters and the binding spell , '' he added , thinking out loud . 
 `` in fact , it was mortmain who put the idea in charlotte 's head in the first place that de quincey was the magister . 
 if it were not for him , we would never have suspected the vampire . 
 but why ? '' 
 `` de quincey is a loathsome beast , '' wailed mrs. dark , still crouched inside her pentagram . 
 she seemed to have decided there was no more point in concealment . 
 `` he disobeyed mortmain at every turn , wishing to be the magister himself . 
 such insubordination must be punished . '' 
 will 's gaze met jem 's . 
 he could tell they were both thinking the same thing . 
 `` mortmain saw an opportunity to throw suspicion on a rival , '' jem said . 
 `` that is why he chose de quincey . '' 
 `` he could have hidden those plans for automatons in de quincey 's library , '' agreed will . 
 `` it is not as if de quincey ever admitted they were his , or even seemed to recognize them when charlotte showed them to him . 
 and mortmain could have told those automatons on the bridge to claim they were working for the vampire . 
 in fact , he could have etched de quincey 's seal into that clockwork girl 's chest and left her in the dark house for us to find , as well-all to divert suspicion from himself . '' 
 `` but mortmain is not the only one who ever pointed the finger at de quincey , '' said jem , and his voice was heavy . 
 `` nathaniel gray , will . 
 tessa 's brother . 
 when two people tell the same lie ... '' `` they are working together , '' will finished . 
 he felt , for a moment , something almost like satisfaction , which quickly faded . 
 he had disliked nate gray , had hated the way tessa had treated him as if he could do no wrong , and then he 'd despised himself for his own jealousy . 
 to know that he had been correct about nate 's character was one thing , but at what price ? 
 mrs. dark laughed , a high , whining sound . 
 `` nate gray , '' she spat . 
 `` the magister 's little human lapdog . 
 he sold his sister to mortmain , you know . 
 just for a handful of silver , he did it . 
 just for a few sops to his vanity . 
 i would never have treated my own sister so . 
 and you say it is demons who are evil , and the humans who need protecting from us ! '' 
 her voice rose to a cackle . 
 will ignored her ; his mind was whirling . 
 dear god , that whole story of nathaniel 's about de quincey had been a trick , a lie to set the clave off on a false track . 
 then why have mortmain appear as soon as they had gone ? 
 to get rid of us , jem and i , will thought grimly . 
 nate could n't have known we two would n't be going with charlotte and henry . 
 he had to improvise something quickly when we stayed behind . 
 thus mortmain and this extra trickery . 
 nate had been in it with mortmain since the beginning . 
 and now tessa is in the institute with him . 
 will felt sick to his stomach . 
 he wanted to turn and run out the door , race back to the institute , and beat nathaniel 's head against a wall . 
 only years of training , and fear for henry and charlotte , kept him where he was . 
 will whirled on mrs. dark . 
 `` what is his plan ? 
 what will the enclave find when they reach carleton square ? 
 certain slaughter ? 
 answer me ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 fear made his voice crack . 
 `` or by the angel , i will make sure that the clave tortures you before you die . 
 what is his plan for them ? '' 
 mrs. dark 's yellow eyes flashed . 
 `` what does the magister care about ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` what has he ever cared about ? 
 he despises the nephilim , but what is it that he wants ? '' 
 `` tessa , '' said jem immediately . 
 `` but she is safe in the institute , and even his blasted clockwork army ca n't break inside . 
 even without us there - '' in a wheedling voice mrs. dark said , `` once , when i was in the magister 's confidence , he spoke to me of a plan he had to invade the institute . 
 he planned to paint the hands of his mechanical creatures with the blood of a shadowhunter , thus allowing him to open the doors . '' 
 `` the blood of a shadowhunter ? '' 
 will echoed . 
 `` but - '' `` will . '' 
 jem had his hand at his chest , where the clockwork creature had torn the skin that night on the steps of the institute . 
 `` my blood . '' 
 for a moment will stood perfectly still , staring at his friend . 
 then , without a word , he turned and raced for the dining room doors ; jem , pausing only to seize the cat 's cage , followed . 
 as they reached them , the doors slammed shut as if pushed , and will came to a skidding halt . 
 he spun to see jem behind him , looking baffled . 
 in her pentagram mrs. dark was howling with laughter . 
 `` nephilim , '' she gasped between peals . 
 `` stupid , stupid nephilim . 
 where is your angel now ? '' 
 as they stared , enormous flames leaped up around the walls , licking up the curtains covering the windows , shimmering along the edges of the floor . 
 the flames burned with a weird blue-green color , and the smell was thick and ugly-a demon smell . 
 inside its cage the cat was going wild , throwing itself against the bars again and again and howling . 
 will drew a second seraph blade from his belt and cried , `` anael ! '' 
 light burst from the blade , but mrs. dark only laughed . 
 `` when the magister sees your charred corpses , '' she cried , `` then he will forgive me ! 
 then he will welcome me back ! '' 
 her laughter rose , high and horrible . 
 already the room was dim with smoke . 
 jem , raising his sleeve to cover his mouth , said to will in a choking voice , `` kill her . 
 kill her , and the fire will die . '' 
 will , his grip tight on the hilt of anael , growled , `` do n't you think i would if i could ? 
 she 's in the pentagram . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 jem 's eyes were full of meaning . 
 `` will , cut it down . '' 
 because it was jem , will knew what he meant immediately , without being told explicitly . 
 spinning to face the pentagram , he raised the shining anael , took aim , and flung the blade-not toward the demon but up toward the thick metal chain that supported the massive chandelier . 
 the blade sheared through the chain like a knife through paper , there was a rending sound , and the demon had time only to scream once before the massive chandelier descended , a crashing comet of twisting metal and shattering glass . 
 will threw his arm across his eyes as debris rained over them all-smashed bits of stone , fragments of crystal , and chunks of rust . 
 the floor shook underneath him as if the earth were quaking . 
 when all was quiet at last , he opened his eyes . 
 the chandelier lay like the wreck of some immense ship twisted and destroyed at the bottom of the sea . 
 dust rose like smoke from the wreckage , and from one corner of the pile of smashed glass and metal a trickle of greenish black blood threaded across the marble ... . 
 jem had been right . 
 the flames were gone . 
 jem himself , still gripping the handle of the cat 's cage , was gazing at the wreckage . 
 his already pale hair had whitened further with plaster dust , and his cheeks were streaked with ash . 
 `` nicely done , william , '' he said . 
 will did not reply ; there was no time for it . 
 throwing the doors-which opened easily under his hands now-wide , he raced out of the room . 
 tessa and sophie flew up the institute 's steps together until sophie gasped , `` here ! 
 this door ! '' 
 and tessa flung it open and burst into the corridor beyond . 
 sophie pulled her wrist out of tessa 's grasp and spun to slam the door shut behind them and slide the bolt closed . 
 she leaned against it for a moment , breathing hard , her face streaked with tears . 
 `` miss jessamine , '' she whispered . 
 `` do you think - '' `` i do n't know , '' tessa said . 
 `` but you heard thomas . 
 we must get to the sanctuary , sophie . 
 it 's where we 'll be safe . '' 
 and thomas wants me to make sure you stay safe . 
 `` you 're going to have to show me where it is . 
 i ca n't find my way there by myself . '' 
 slowly sophie nodded and drew herself upright . 
 in silence she led tessa through a winding mass of corridors until they reached the one corridor she remembered from the night when she had met camille . 
 after taking a lamp from a holder on the wall , sophie lit it , and they hurried on , until they finally reached the great iron doors with their pattern of cs . 
 brought up sharply in front of the doors , sophie put a hand to her mouth . 
 `` the key ! '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i 've forgotten the bloody-pardon me , miss-key ! '' 
 tessa felt a wave of frustrated anger , but pushed it back . 
 sophie had just had a friend die in her arms ; she could hardly be blamed for forgetting a key . 
 `` but you know where charlotte keeps it ? '' 
 sophie nodded . 
 `` i 'll run and fetch it . 
 you wait here , miss . '' 
 she hurried off down the corridor . 
 tessa watched her go until her white cap and sleeves faded into the shadows , leaving tessa alone in the darkness . 
 the only light in the corridor came from the illumination that seeped beneath the doors to the sanctuary . 
 she pressed herself back against the wall as the shadows gathered thickly around her , as if she could disappear into the wall . 
 she kept seeing the blood pouring out of agatha 's chest , staining sophie 's hands ; kept hearing the brittle sound of nate 's laugher as jessamine collapsed - it came again , harsh and as brittle as glass , echoing out of the darkness behind her . 
 sure she was imagining things , tessa whirled , her back toward the sanctuary doors . 
 before her in the hallway , where a moment before there had been empty air , someone was standing . 
 someone with fair hair and a grin plastered across his face . 
 someone carrying a long , thin knife in his right hand . 
 nate . 
 `` my tessie , '' he said . 
 `` that was very impressive . 
 i would n't have thought either you or the servant could run that fast . '' 
 he twirled the knife between his fingers . 
 `` unfortunately for you , my master has gifted me with certain ... powers . 
 i can move faster than you can think . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` probably much faster , to judge by how long it took you to catch on to what was going on downstairs . '' 
 `` nate . '' 
 tessa 's voice shook . 
 `` it 's not too late . 
 you can stop this . '' 
 `` stop what ? '' 
 nate looked directly at her , for the first time since he had knelt to mortmain . 
 `` stop acquiring incredible power and immense knowledge ? 
 stop being the favored acolyte of the most powerful man in london ? 
 i 'd be a fool to stop all this , little sister . '' 
 `` favored acolyte ? 
 where was he when de quincey was about to drain your blood ? '' 
 `` i had disappointed him , '' nate said . 
 `` you disappointed him . 
 you ran from the dark sisters , knowing what it would cost me . 
 your sisterly affection leaves something to be desired , tessie . '' 
 `` i let the dark sisters torture me for your sake , nate . 
 i did everything for you . 
 and you-you let me believe de quincey was the magister . 
 all the things you claimed de quincey did were done by mortmain , were n't they ? 
 he 's the one who wanted me brought here . 
 he 's the one who employed the dark sisters . 
 all that rubbish about de quincey was just to lure the enclave away from the institute . '' 
 nate smirked . 
 `` what was it aunt harriet used to say , that cleverness that comes too late is hardly cleverness at all ? '' 
 `` and what will the enclave find when they go to the address you claimed was de quincey 's nest ? 
 nothing ? 
 an empty house , a burned-out ruin ? '' 
 she began to retreat from him , until her back struck the cold iron doors . 
 nate followed , his eyes gleaming like the blade in his hand . 
 `` oh , dear me , no . 
 that bit was true . 
 it would n't do to have the enclave realize so soon that they 'd been made fools of , would it ? 
 better to keep them busy , and cleaning out de quincey 's little hiding place will keep them quite busy indeed . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're the one who gave me the idea to let the blame for everything fall on the vampire , you know . 
 after what happened the other night , he was a dead man , anyway . 
 the nephilim had their sights set on him , which made him useless to mortmain . 
 sending the enclave off to get rid of him and will and jem off to rid my master of that pestiferous mrs. dark-well , it 's three birds with one stone , really , is n't it ? 
 and quite a clever plan of mine , if i do say so myself . '' 
 he was preening , tessa thought in disgust . 
 proud of himself . 
 most of her wanted to spit in his face , but she knew she should keep him talking , give herself a chance to think of a way out of the situation . 
 `` you certainly fooled us , '' she said , hating herself . 
 `` how much of that story you told was the truth ? 
 how much was lies ? '' 
 `` quite a bit was the truth , if you really want to know . 
 the best lies are based on the truth , at least in part , '' he bragged . 
 `` i came to london thinking i was going to blackmail mortmain with my knowledge of his occult activities . 
 the fact was , he could n't have cared less about that . 
 he wanted to get a look at me because he was n't sure , you see . 
 was n't sure if i was our parents ' first child or their second . 
 he thought i might be you . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` he was as pleased as punch when he realized i was n't the child he was looking for . 
 he wanted a girl , you see . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 what does he want with me ? '' 
 nate shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 nor do i care . 
 he told me that if i procured you for him , and you turned out to be all he hoped you would be , he would make me his disciple . 
 after you fled , he gave me to de quincey in revenge . 
 when you brought me here , to the heart of the nephilim , it was a second chance to offer the magister what i 'd lost for him before . '' 
 `` you contacted him ? '' 
 tessa felt sick . 
 she thought of the open window in the drawing room , nate 's flushed face , his claim that he had n't opened it . 
 somehow , she knew , he had sent mortmain a message . 
 `` you let him know you were here ? 
 that you were willing to betray us ? 
 but you could have stayed ! 
 you would have been safe ! '' 
 `` safe , and powerless . 
 here i 'm an ordinary human , weak and contemptible . 
 but as mortmain 's disciple , i will stand at his right hand when he rules the british empire . '' 
 `` you 're mad , '' tessa said . 
 `` the whole thing 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` i assure you it is n't . 
 by this time next year mortmain will be ensconced in buckingham palace . 
 the empire will bow before his rule . '' 
 `` but you wo n't be beside him . 
 i see how he looks at you . 
 you 're not a disciple ; you 're a tool to be used . 
 when he gets what he wants , he will throw you aside like rubbish . '' 
 nate 's grip tightened on the knife . 
 `` not true . '' 
 `` it is true , '' tessa said . 
 `` aunt always said you were too trusting . 
 it 's why you 're such an awful gambler , nate . 
 you 're such a liar yourself , but you never can tell when you 're being lied to . 
 aunt said - '' `` aunt harriet . '' 
 nate laughed softly . 
 `` so unfortunate the way she died . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` did n't you think it was a bit odd that i 'd sent you a box of chocolates ? 
 something i knew you would n't eat ? 
 something i knew she would ? '' 
 nausea gripped tessa , a pain in her stomach as if nate 's knife were twisting there . 
 `` nate-you would n't - aunt harriet loved you ! '' 
 `` you have no idea what i would do , tessie . 
 no idea at all . '' 
 he spoke rapidly , almost fevered in his intensity . 
 `` you think of me as a fool . 
 your foolish brother who needs to be protected from the world . 
 so easily duped and taken advantage of . 
 i heard you and aunt discussing me . 
 i know neither of you ever thought i 'd make anything of myself , ever do anything you could be proud of me for . 
 but now i have . 
 now i have , '' he snarled , as if completely unaware of the irony in his words . 
 `` you 've made a murderer of yourself . 
 and you think i ought to be proud ? 
 i 'm ashamed to be related to you . '' 
 `` related to me ? 
 you 're not even human . 
 you are some thing . 
 you are no part of me . 
 from the moment mortmain told me what you really are , you were dead to me . 
 i have no sister . '' 
 `` then why , '' said tessa in a voice so quiet she could barely hear it herself , `` do you keep calling me tessie ? '' 
 he looked at her for a moment in stark confusion . 
 and as she looked back at her brother-the brother she had thought was all she had left in the world-something moved beyond nate 's shoulder , and tessa wondered if she was seeing things , if perhaps she was going to faint . 
 `` i was n't calling you tessie , '' he said . 
 he sounded baffled , almost lost . 
 a feeling of unbearable sadness gripped her . 
 `` you 're my brother , nate . 
 you 'll always be my brother . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 for a moment tessa thought perhaps he had heard her . 
 perhaps he would reconsider . 
 `` when you belong to mortmain , '' he said , `` i shall be bound to him forever . 
 for i am the one who made it possible for him to have you . '' 
 her heart sank . 
 the thing beyond nate 's shoulder moved again , a disturbance of the shadows . 
 it was real , tessa thought . 
 not her imagination . 
 there was something behind nate . 
 something moving toward them both . 
 she opened her mouth , then closed it again . 
 sophie , she thought . 
 she hoped the other girl would have the sense to run away before nate came for her with the knife . 
 `` come along , then , '' he said to tessa . 
 `` there 's no reason to make a fuss . 
 the magister is n't going to hurt you - '' `` you can not be sure of that , '' tessa said . 
 the figure behind nate was almost upon him . 
 there was something pale and glimmering in its hand . 
 tessa fought to keep her eyes locked on nate 's face . 
 `` i am sure . '' 
 he sounded impatient . 
 `` i am not a fool , tessa - '' the figure exploded into movement . 
 the pale and glimmering object rose above nate 's head and came down with a heavy crash . 
 nate pitched forward , crumpling to the ground . 
 the blade rolled from his hand as he struck the carpet and lay still , blood staining his pale blond hair . 
 tessa looked up . 
 in the dim light she could see jessamine standing over nate , a furious expression on her face . 
 the remains of a shattered lamp were still clutched in her left hand . 
 `` not a fool , perhaps . '' 
 she prodded nate 's recumbent form with a disdainful toe . 
 `` but not your most shining moment , either . '' 
 tessa could only stare . 
 `` jessamine ? '' 
 jessamine looked up . 
 the neckline of her dress was torn , her hair had come down out of its pins , and there was a purpling bruise on her right cheek . 
 she dropped the lamp , which narrowly missed hitting nate once again in the head , and said , `` i 'm quite all right , if that 's what you 're so pop-eyed about . 
 it was n't me they wanted , after all . '' 
 `` miss gray ! 
 miss lovelace ! '' 
 it was sophie , out of breath from running up and down stairs . 
 in one hand she held the slender iron sanctuary key . 
 she looked down at nate as she reached the end of the corridor , her mouth opening in surprise . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 `` oh , who cares if he 's all right ? '' 
 jessamine said , bending to pick up the knife that nate had dropped . 
 `` after all the lies he told ! 
 he lied to me ! 
 i really thought - '' she flushed dark red . 
 `` well , it does n't matter now . '' 
 she straightened and whirled on sophie , her chin held high . 
 `` now , do n't just stand there staring , sophie , do let us into the sanctuary before god knows what comes after us all and tries to kill us again . '' 
 will burst out of the mansion and onto the front steps , jem just behind him . 
 the lawn ahead of them was stark in the moonlight ; their carriage was where they had left it in the center of the drive . 
 jem was relieved to see that the horses had n't spooked despite all the noise , though he supposed that balios and xanthos , belonging to shadowhunters as they did , had probably seen much worse . 
 `` will . '' 
 jem came to a stop beside his friend , trying to conceal the fact that he needed to catch his breath . 
 `` we must get back to the institute as soon as possible . '' 
 `` you will get no disagreement from me on that front . '' 
 will gave jem a keen look ; jem wondered if his face was as flushed and feverish-looking as he feared . 
 the drug , which he had taken in a great quantity before they 'd left the institute , was wearing off faster than it should have been ; at another time the realization would have prickled jem with anxiety . 
 now he put it aside . 
 `` do you think mortmain expected us to kill mrs. dark ? '' 
 he asked , less because he felt the question was an urgent one than because he needed a few more moments to catch his breath before he climbed into the carriage . 
 will had his jacket open and was rummaging in one of the pockets . 
 `` i imagine so , '' he said , almost absently , `` or probably he hoped we 'd all kill one another , which would have been ideal for him . 
 clearly he wants de quincey dead as well and has decided to use the nephilim as his own band of personal assassins . '' 
 will drew a folding knife from his inner pocket and looked at it with satisfaction . 
 `` a single horse , '' he observed , `` is much faster than a carriage . '' 
 jem gripped the cage he was holding tighter . 
 the gray cat , behind its bars , was looking around with wide yellow interested eyes . 
 `` please tell me you are n't going to do what i suspect you 're going to do , will . '' 
 will flipped the knife open and started up the drive . 
 `` there 's no time to lose , james . 
 and xanthos can pull the carriage perfectly well by himself , if you 're the only one in it . '' 
 jem went after him , but the heavy cage , as well as his own fevered exhaustion , slowed his progress . 
 `` what are you doing with that knife ? 
 you 're not going to murder the horses , are you ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 will raised the blade and began to slash at the harness fastening balios , his favored of the two animals , to the carriage . 
 `` ah , '' said jem . 
 `` i see . 
 you 're going to ride off on that horse like dick turpin and leave me here . 
 have you gone mad ? '' 
 `` someone 's got to look after that cat . '' 
 the girth and traces fell away , and will swung himself up onto balios . 
 `` but - '' really alarmed now , jem set the cage down . 
 `` will , you ca n't - '' it was too late . 
 will dug his heels into the horse 's sides . 
 balios reared and neighed , will clinging on resolutely-jem could have sworn he was grinning-and then the horse wheeled and pounded toward the gates . 
 inside of a moment , horse and rider were out of sight . 
 19 boadicea seal 'd her mine from her first sweet breath . 
 mine , mine by a right , from birth till death mine , mine-our fathers have sworn . 
 - alfred , lord tennyson , `` maud '' as the doors of the sanctuary closed behind them , tessa looked around apprehensively . 
 the room was darker than it had been when she had come here to meet camille . 
 there were no candles burning in the great candelabras , only flickering witchlight that emanated from sconces on the walls . 
 the angel statue continued to weep its endless tears into the fountain . 
 the air in the room was bone-chillingly cold , and she shivered . 
 sophie , having slipped the key back into her pocket , looked as nervous as tessa felt . 
 `` here we are , then , '' she said . 
 `` it 's awful cold in this place . '' 
 `` well , we wo n't be here long , i 'm sure , '' said jessamine . 
 she was still holding nate 's knife , which glittered in her hand . 
 `` someone will come back to rescue us . 
 will , or charlotte - '' `` and find the institute full of clockwork monsters , '' tessa reminded her . 
 `` and mortmain . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` i 'm not sure it 'll be quite so simple as you make it out to be . '' 
 jessamine looked at tessa with cold dark eyes . 
 `` well , you need n't sound as if it 's my fault . 
 if it were n't for you , we would n't be in this mess . '' 
 sophie had moved to stand among the massive pillars , and was looking very small . 
 her voice echoed off the stone walls . 
 `` that 's not very kind , miss . '' 
 jessamine perched herself on the edge of the fountain , then rose to her feet again , frowning . 
 she brushed at the back of her dress , now stained with damp , in an exasperated manner . 
 `` perhaps not , but it 's true . 
 the only reason the magister is here is because of tessa . '' 
 `` i told charlotte all this was my fault . '' 
 tessa spoke quietly . 
 `` i told her to send me away . 
 she would n't . '' 
 jessamine tossed her head . 
 `` charlotte 's softhearted , and so is henry . 
 and will-will thinks he 's galahad . 
 wants to save everyone . 
 jem , too . 
 none of them are practical . '' 
 `` i suppose , '' tessa said , `` if it had been your decision to make ... '' `` you 'd have been out the door with nothing but the key of the street to your name , '' jessamine said , and sniffed . 
 seeing the way sophie was looking at her , she added , `` oh , really ! 
 do n't be such a mush-mouth , sophie . 
 agatha and thomas would still be alive if i 'd been in charge , would n't they ? '' 
 sophie went pale , her scar standing out along her cheek like the mark of a slap . 
 `` thomas is dead ? '' 
 jessamine looked as if she knew she 'd made a mistake . 
 `` i did n't mean that . '' 
 tessa looked at her , hard . 
 `` what happened , jessamine ? 
 we saw you injured - '' `` and precious little any of you did about it either , '' jessamine said , and sat down with a flounce on the fountain wall , apparently forgetting to worry about the state of her dress . 
 `` i was unconscious ... and when i awoke , i saw that all of you had gone but thomas . 
 mortmain was gone too , but those creatures were still there . 
 one of them began to come after me , and i looked for my parasol , but it had been trampled to shreds . 
 thomas was surrounded by those creatures . 
 i went toward him , but he told me to run , so ... i ran . '' 
 she tilted her chin up defiantly . 
 sophie 's eyes flashed . 
 `` you left him there ? 
 alone ? '' 
 jessamine set the knife down on the wall with an angry clatter . 
 `` i 'm a lady , sophie . 
 it is expected that a man sacrifice himself for a lady 's safety . '' 
 `` that 's rubbish ! '' 
 sophie 's hands were tight little fists at her sides . 
 `` you 're a shadowhunter ! 
 and thomas is just a mundane ! 
 you could have helped him . 
 you just would n't - because you 're selfish ! 
 and-and awful ! '' 
 jessamine gaped at sophie , her mouth wide open . 
 `` how dare you speak to me like - '' she broke off as the door of the sanctuary resounded with the noise of the heavy knocker falling . 
 it sounded again , and then a familiar voice , raised , called out to them , `` tessa ! 
 sophie ! 
 it 's will . '' 
 `` oh , thank god , '' jessamine said-clearly just as relieved to be free of her conversation with sophie as she was to be rescued-and hurried toward the door . 
 `` will ! 
 it 's jessamine . 
 i 'm in here too ! '' 
 `` and you 're all three all right ? '' 
 will sounded anxious in a way that tightened tessa 's chest . 
 `` what happened ? 
 we raced here from highgate . 
 i saw the door of the institute open . 
 how in the angel 's name did mortmain get in ? '' 
 `` he evaded the wards somehow , '' jessamine said bitterly , reaching for the door handle . 
 `` i 've no idea how . '' 
 `` it hardly matters now . 
 he 's dead . 
 the clockwork creatures are destroyed . '' 
 will 's tone was reassuring-so why , tessa thought , did she not feel reassured ? 
 she turned to look at sophie , who was staring at the door , a sharp vertical frown line between her eyes , her lips moving very slightly as if she were whispering something under her breath . 
 sophie had the sight , tessa remembered-charlotte had said so . 
 tessa 's sense of unease rose and crested like a wave . 
 `` jessamine , '' she called . 
 `` jessamine , do n't open the door - '' but it was too late . 
 the door had swung wide . 
 and there on the threshold stood mortmain , flanked by clockwork monsters . 
 thank the angel for glamours , will thought . 
 the sight of a boy riding bareback on a charging black horse down farringdon road would normally be enough to raise eyebrows even in a metropolis as jaded as london . 
 but as will went by-the horse kicking up great puffs of london dust as it reared and snorted its way through the streets-no one turned a hair or batted the lash of an eye . 
 yet even as they seemed not to see him , they found reasons to move out of his way-a dropped pair of eyeglasses , a step to the side to avoid a puddle in the road-and avoid being trampled . 
 it was almost five miles from highgate to the institute ; it had taken them three-quarters of an hour to cover the distance in the carriage . 
 it took will and balios only twenty minutes to make the return trip , though the horse was panting and lathered with sweat by the time will pounded through the institute gates and drew up in front of the steps . 
 his heart sank immediately . 
 the doors were open . 
 wide open , as if inviting in the night . 
 it was strictly against covenant law to leave the doors of an institute standing ajar . 
 he had been correct ; something was terribly wrong . 
 he slid from the horse 's back , boots clattering loudly against the cobblestones . 
 he looked for a way to secure the animal , but as he 'd cut its harness , there was none , and besides , balios looked inclined to bite him . 
 he shrugged and made for the steps . 
 jessamine gasped and leaped back as mortmain stepped into the room . 
 sophie screamed and ducked behind a pillar . 
 tessa was too shocked to move . 
 the four automatons , two on either side of mortmain , stared straight ahead with their shining faces like metal masks . 
 behind mortmain was nate . 
 a makeshift bandage , stained with blood , was tied around his head . 
 the bottom of his shirt-jem 's shirt-had a ragged strip torn from it . 
 his baleful gaze fell on jessamine . 
 `` you stupid whore , '' he snarled , and started forward . 
 `` nathaniel . '' 
 mortmain 's voice cracked like a whip ; nate froze . 
 `` this is not an arena in which to enact your petty revenges . 
 there is one more thing i need from you ; you know what it is . 
 retrieve it for me . '' 
 nate hesitated . 
 he was looking at jessamine like a cat with its gaze fixed on a mouse . 
 `` nathaniel . 
 to the weapons room . 
 now . '' 
 nate dragged his gaze from jessie . 
 for a moment he looked at tessa , the rage in his expression softening into a sneer . 
 then he turned on his heel and stalked from the room ; two of the clockwork creatures peeled themselves from mortmain 's side and followed him . 
 the door closed behind him , and mortmain smiled pleasantly . 
 `` the two of you , '' he said , looking from jessamine to sophie , `` get out . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the voice was sophie 's , small but stubborn , though to tessa 's surprise , jessamine showed no inclination to leave either . 
 `` not without tessa . '' 
 mortmain shrugged . 
 `` very well . '' 
 he turned to the clockwork creatures . 
 `` the two girls , '' he said . 
 `` the shadowhunter and the servant . 
 kill them both . '' 
 he snapped his fingers and the clockwork creatures sprang forward . 
 they had the grotesque speed of skittering rats . 
 jessamine turned to run , but she had gone only a few steps when one of them seized her , lifting her off the ground . 
 sophie darted among the pillars like snow white fleeing into the woods , but it did her little good . 
 the second creature caught up to her swiftly and bore her to the ground as she screamed . 
 in contrast jessamine was utterly silent ; the creature holding her had one metal hand clamped across her mouth and the other around her waist , fingers digging in cruelly . 
 her feet kicked uselessly in the air like the feet of a criminal dangling at the end of a hangman 's rope . 
 tessa heard her own voice as it emerged from her throat as if it were a stranger 's . 
 `` stop it . 
 please , please , stop it ! '' 
 sophie had broken away from the creature holding her and was scrambling across the floor on her hands and knees . 
 reaching out , it caught her by the ankle and jerked her backward across the floor , her apron tearing as she sobbed . 
 `` please , '' tessa said again , fixing her eyes on mortmain . 
 `` you can stop it , miss gray , '' he said . 
 `` promise me you wo n't try to run . '' 
 his eyes burned as he looked at her . 
 `` then i 'll let them go . '' 
 jessamine 's eyes , visible above the metal arm clamping her mouth , pleaded with tessa . 
 the other creature was on its feet , holding sophie , who dangled limply in its grip . 
 `` i 'll stay , '' tessa said . 
 `` you have my word . 
 of course i will . 
 just let them go . '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 then , `` you heard her , '' mortmain said to his mechanical monsters . 
 `` take the girls out of this room . 
 bring them downstairs . 
 do n't harm them . '' 
 he smiled then , a thin , crafty smile . 
 `` leave miss gray alone with me . '' 
 even before he passed through the front doors , will felt it-the jangling sense that something dreadful was happening here . 
 the first time he 'd ever felt this sensation , he 'd been twelve years old , holding that blasted box-but he 'd never imagined feeling it in the fastness of the institute . 
 he saw agatha 's body first , the moment he stepped over the threshold . 
 she lay on her back , her glassy eyes staring up at the ceiling , the front of her plain gray dress soaked with blood . 
 a wave of almost overwhelming rage washed over will , leaving him light-headed . 
 biting his lip hard , he bent to close her eyes before he rose and looked around . 
 the signs of a melee were everywhere-torn scraps of metal , bent and broken gears , splashes of blood mixing with pools of oil . 
 as will moved toward the stairs , his foot came down on the shredded remains of jessamine 's parasol . 
 he gritted his teeth and moved on to the staircase . 
 and there , slumped across the lowest steps , lay thomas , eyes closed , motionless in a widening pool of scarlet . 
 a sword rested on the ground beside him , a little ways away from his hand ; its edge was chipped and dented as if he had been using it to hack apart rocks . 
 a great jagged piece of metal protruded from his chest . 
 it looked a little like the torn blade of a saw , will thought as he crouched down by thomas 's side , or like a sharp bit of some larger metal contraption . 
 there was a dry burning in the back of will 's throat . 
 his mouth tasted of metal and rage . 
 he rarely grieved during a battle ; he saved his emotions for afterward-those he had not already learned to bury so deeply that he barely felt them at all . 
 he had been burying them since he was twelve years old . 
 his chest knotted with pain now , but his voice was steady when he spoke . 
 `` hail and farewell , thomas , '' he said , reaching to close the other boy 's eyes . 
 `` ave - '' a hand flew up and gripped his wrist . 
 will stared down , dumbfounded , as thomas 's glassy eyes slid toward him , pale brown under the whitish film of death . 
 `` not , '' he said , with a clear effort to get the words out , `` a shadowhunter . '' 
 `` you defended the institute , '' will said . 
 `` you did as well as any of us would have done . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 thomas closed his eyes , as if exhausted . 
 his chest rose , barely ; his shirt was soaked almost black with blood . 
 `` you 'd 've fought 'em off , master will . 
 you know you would . '' 
 `` thomas , '' will whispered . 
 he wanted to say , be quiet , and you 'll be all right when the others get here . 
 but thomas manifestly would not be all right . 
 he was human ; no healing rune could help him . 
 will wished that jem were here , instead of himself . 
 jem was the one you wanted with you when you were dying . 
 jem could make anyone feel that things were going to be all right , whereas will privately suspected that there were few situations that his presence did not make worse . 
 `` she 's alive , '' thomas said , not opening his eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 will was caught off guard . 
 `` the one you come back for . 
 her . 
 tessa . 
 she 's with sophie . '' 
 thomas spoke as if it were a fact obvious to anyone that will would have come back for tessa 's sake . 
 he coughed , and a great mass of blood poured out of his mouth and down his chin . 
 he did n't seem to notice . 
 `` take care of sophie , will . 
 sophie is - '' but will never found out what sophie was , because thomas 's grip went suddenly slack , and his hand fell away and struck the stone floor with an ugly thump . 
 will drew back . 
 he had seen death enough times , and knew when it had come . 
 there was no need to close thomas 's eyes ; they were closed already . 
 `` sleep , then , '' he said , not quite knowing where the words came from , `` good and faithful servant of the nephilim . 
 and thank you . '' 
 it was n't enough , not nearly enough , but it was all there was . 
 will scrambled to his feet and dashed up the staircase . 
 * * * the doors had closed behind the clockwork creatures ; the sanctuary was very silent . 
 tessa could hear the water splashing in the fountain behind her . 
 mortmain stood regarding her calmly . 
 he still was n't frightening to look at , tessa thought . 
 a small , ordinary man , with dark hair going gray at his temples , and those odd light eyes . 
 `` miss gray , '' he said , `` i had hoped our first time alone together would be a more pleasant experience for us both . '' 
 tessa 's eyes burned . 
 she said , `` what are you ? 
 a warlock ? '' 
 his smile was swift , and without feeling . 
 `` merely a human being , miss gray . '' 
 `` but you did magic , '' she said . 
 `` you spoke in will 's voice - '' `` anyone can learn to imitate voices , with the proper training , '' he said . 
 `` a simple trick , like sleight of hand . 
 no one ever expects them . 
 certainly not shadowhunters . 
 they believe humans are good at nothing , as well as being good for nothing . '' 
 `` no , '' tessa whispered . 
 `` they do n't think that . '' 
 his mouth twisted . 
 `` how quickly you have grown to love them , your natural enemies . 
 we will soon train you out of that . '' 
 he moved forward , and tessa shrank back . 
 `` i will not hurt you , '' he said . 
 `` i merely want to show you something . '' 
 he reached into the pocket of his coat and drew out a gold watch , very fine-looking , on a thick gold chain . 
 is he wondering what time it is ? 
 the mad urge to giggle rose up in the back of tessa 's throat . 
 she forced it down . 
 he held the watch out to her . 
 `` miss gray , '' he said , `` please take this . '' 
 she stared at him . 
 `` i do n't want it . '' 
 he moved toward her again . 
 tessa retreated until the back of her skirts brushed the low wall of the fountain . 
 `` take the watch , miss gray . '' 
 tessa shook her head . 
 `` take it , '' he said . 
 `` or i will recall my clockwork servants and have them crush the throats of your two friends until they are dead . 
 i need only go to the door and call to them . 
 it is your choice . '' 
 bile rose in the back of tessa 's throat . 
 she stared at the watch he held out to her , dangling on its gold chain . 
 it was clearly unwound . 
 the hands had long ago stopped spinning , the time seemingly frozen at midnight . 
 the initials j. t. s. were carved on the back in elegant script . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` why do you want me to take it ? '' 
 `` because i want you to change , '' mortmain said . 
 tessa 's head jerked up . 
 she stared at him incredulously . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` this watch used to belong to someone , '' he said . 
 `` someone i very much want to meet again . '' 
 his voice was even , but there was a sort of undercurrent beneath it , an eager hunger that terrified tessa more than any rage might have . 
 `` i know the dark sisters taught you . 
 i know you know your power . 
 you are the only one in the world who can do what you do . 
 i know this because i made you . '' 
 `` you made me ? '' 
 tessa stared . 
 `` you 're not saying-you ca n't be my father - '' `` your father ? '' 
 mortmain laughed shortly . 
 `` i am a human , not a downworlder . 
 there is no demon in me , nor do i consort with demons . 
 there is no blood shared between the two of us , miss gray . 
 and yet if it were not for me , you would not exist . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' tessa whispered . 
 `` you do n't need to understand . '' 
 mortmain 's temper was visibly fraying . 
 `` you need to do as i tell you . 
 and i am telling you to change . 
 now . '' 
 it was like standing in front of the dark sisters again , frightened and alert , her heart pounding , being told to access a part of herself that terrified her . 
 being told to lose herself in that darkness , that nothingness between self and other . 
 perhaps it would be easy to do as he told her-to reach out and take the watch as commanded , to abandon herself in someone else 's skin as she had done before , with no will or choice of her own . 
 she looked down , away from mortmain 's searing gaze , and saw something glittering on the fountain wall just behind her . 
 a splash of water , she thought for a moment-but no . 
 it was something else . 
 she spoke then , almost without meaning to . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 mortmain 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` i said no . '' 
 tessa felt as if she were outside herself somehow , watching herself face down mortmain as if she were watching a stranger . 
 `` i wo n't do it . 
 not unless you tell me what you mean when you say you made me . 
 why am i like this ? 
 why is it that you need my power so badly ? 
 what do you plan to force me to do for you ? 
 you are doing more than just building an army of monsters . 
 i can see that . 
 i 'm not a fool like my brother . '' 
 mortmain slid the watch back into his pocket . 
 his face was an ugly mask of rage . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` you are not a fool like your brother . 
 he is a fool and a coward . 
 you are a fool who has some courage . 
 though it will do you little good . 
 and it is your friends who will suffer for it . 
 while you watch . '' 
 he turned on his heel then and strode toward the door . 
 tessa bent down and seized up the object that had glittered behind her . 
 it was the knife jessamine had put there , the blade gleaming in the sanctuary witchlight . 
 `` stop , '' she cried . 
 `` mr. mortmain . 
 stop . '' 
 he turned then , and saw her holding the knife . 
 a look of disgusted amusement spread across his face . 
 `` really , miss gray , '' he said . 
 `` do you honestly think you can harm me with that ? 
 did you think i came entirely unarmed ? '' 
 he moved his jacket aside slightly , and she saw the butt of a pistol , gleaming at his belt . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` no , i do n't think i can hurt you . '' 
 she turned the knife around then , so that the hilt was away from her , the blade pointing directly at her own chest . 
 `` but if you take one more step toward that door , i promise you , i 'll put this knife through my heart . '' 
 repairing the mess will had made of the carriage harnesses took jem longer than he would have liked , and the moon was worryingly high in the sky by the time he rattled through the gates of the institute and pulled xanthos up at the foot of the steps . 
 balios , untethered , was standing by the newel post at the foot of the stairs , looking exhausted . 
 will must have ridden like the devil , jem thought , but at least he had arrived safely . 
 it was a small bit of reassurance , considering that the doors of the institute stood wide , sending a dart of horror through him . 
 it was a sight that seemed so wrong that it was like looking at a face missing eyes or a sky with no stars . 
 it was something that simply should not be . 
 jem raised his voice . 
 `` will ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` will , can you hear me ? '' 
 when there was no answer , he leaped down from the driver 's seat of the carriage and reached up to pull his jade-headed cane down after him . 
 he held it lightly , balancing the weight . 
 his wrists had begun to ache , which concerned him . 
 usually withdrawal from the demon powder began as pain in his joints , a dull ache that spread slowly until his whole body burned like fire . 
 but he could not afford that pain now . 
 there was will to think about , and tessa . 
 he could not rid himself of the image of her on the steps , looking down at him as he spoke the ancient words . 
 she had looked so worried , and the thought that she might have been worried about him had given him an unexpected pleasure . 
 he turned to start up the steps , and paused . 
 someone was already coming down them . 
 more than one person-a crowd . 
 they were backlit by the light of the institute , and for a moment he blinked at them , seeing only silhouettes . 
 a few seemed strangely misshapen . 
 `` jem ! '' 
 the voice was high , desperate . 
 familiar . 
 jessamine . 
 galvanized , jem darted up the stairs , and then paused . 
 in front of him stood nathaniel gray , his clothes torn and spotted with blood . 
 a makeshift bandage was wound around his head and was soaked with blood by his right temple . 
 his expression was grim . 
 on either side of him moved clockwork automatons , like obedient servants . 
 one flanked his right side , one his left . 
 behind were two more . 
 one held a struggling jessamine ; the other a limp , half-insensible sophie . 
 `` jem ! '' 
 jessamine shrieked . 
 `` nate 's a liar . 
 he was helping mortmain all this time-mortmain 's the magister , not de quincey - '' nathaniel whirled . 
 `` silence her , '' he barked at the clockwork creature behind him . 
 its metal arms tightened around jessamine , who choked and fell silent , her face white with pain . 
 her eyes darted toward the automaton on nathaniel 's right . 
 following her gaze , jem saw that the creature held the familiar golden square of the pyxis in its hands . 
 at the look on his face , nate smiled . 
 `` none but a shadowhunter can touch it , '' he said . 
 `` no living creature , that is . 
 but an automaton is not alive . '' 
 `` that is what all this was about ? '' 
 jem demanded , astounded . 
 `` the pyxis ? 
 what possible use could it be to you ? '' 
 `` my master wants demon energies , and demon energies he shall have , '' said nate pompously . 
 `` nor will he forget that i am the one who provided them for him . '' 
 jem shook his head . 
 `` and what will he give you then ? 
 what did he give you to betray your sister ? 
 thirty pieces of silver ? '' 
 nate 's face twisted , and for a moment jem thought he could see through the blandly handsome mask to what was really underneath-something malignant and repellent that made jem want to turn away and retch . 
 `` that thing , '' he said , `` is not my sister . '' 
 `` it is hard to believe , is n't it , '' said jem , making no effort to hide his loathing , `` that you and tessa share anything at all , even a single drop of blood . 
 she is so much finer than you . '' 
 nathaniel 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` she is not my concern . 
 she belongs to mortmain . '' 
 `` i do n't know what mortmain has promised you , '' jem said , `` but i can promise you that if you hurt jessamine or sophie-and if you take the pyxis from these premises-the clave will hunt you . 
 and find you . 
 and kill you . '' 
 nathaniel shook his head slowly . 
 `` you do n't understand , '' he said . 
 `` none of the nephilim understand . 
 the most you can offer is to let me live . 
 but the magister can promise me that i wo n't ever die . '' 
 he turned to the clockwork creature on his left , the one not holding the pyxis . 
 `` kill him , '' he said . 
 the automaton sprang toward jem . 
 it was faster by far than the creatures jem had faced on blackfriars bridge . 
 he barely had time to flip the catch that released the blade at the end of his cane and raise it , before the thing was on him . 
 the creature squealed like a braking train when jem drove the blade directly into its chest and sawed it from side to side , tearing the metal wide open . 
 the creature spun away , spraying a catherine wheel of red sparks . 
 nate , caught by the spray of fire , yelled and jumped back , beating at the sparks burning holes into his clothes . 
 jem took the opportunity to leap up two of the steps and slam nate across the back with the flat of his blade , knocking him to his knees . 
 nate twisted around to look for his clockwork protector , but it was staggering from side to side across the steps , sparks fountaining from its chest ; it seemed evident that jem had severed one of its central mechanisms . 
 the automaton holding the pyxis stood stock-still ; clearly nate was not its first priority . 
 `` drop them ! '' 
 nate cried to the clockwork creatures holding sophie and jessamine . 
 `` kill the shadowhunter ! 
 kill him , do you hear ? '' 
 jessamine and sophie , released , tumbled to the ground , both gasping but clearly still alive . 
 jem 's relief was short-lived , though , as the second pair of automatons lurched toward him , moving with incredible speed . 
 he slashed out at one with his cane . 
 it leaped back , out of range , and the other raised a hand-not a hand , really , more a square block of metal , its side edged with ragged teeth like a saw - a yell came from behind jem , and henry charged past him , wielding a massive broadsword . 
 he swung it hard , slashing through the automaton 's raised arm and sending its hand flying . 
 it skidded across the cobblestones , sparking and hissing , before bursting into flames . 
 `` jem ! '' 
 it was charlotte 's voice , raised in warning . 
 jem spun , and saw the other automaton reaching for him from behind . 
 he drove his blade into the creature 's throat , sawing at the copper tubes inside , while charlotte slashed at its knees with her whip . 
 with a high whine , it collapsed to the ground , legs severed . 
 charlotte , her pale face set , brought the whip down again , while jem turned to see that henry , his ginger hair pasted to his forehead with sweat , was lowering his broadsword . 
 the automaton he had attacked was now a heap of scrap metal on the ground . 
 in fact , bits of clockwork were scattered across the courtyard , some of it still burning , like a field of fallen stars . 
 jessamine and sophie were clinging to each other ; jessamine supporting the other girl , whose throat was necklaced with dark bruises . 
 jessamine met jem 's eyes across the steps . 
 he thought it might have been the first time she 'd really ever looked like she was glad to see him . 
 `` he 's gone , '' she said . 
 `` nathaniel . 
 he vanished with that creature-and the pyxis . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 charlotte 's bloodied face was a mask of shock . 
 `` tessa 's brother ... '' `` everything he said to us was a lie , '' said jessamine . 
 `` the whole business with sending you off after the vampires was a diversion . '' 
 `` dear god , '' said charlotte . 
 `` so de quincey was n't lying - '' she shook her head , as if to clear it of cobwebs . 
 `` when we reached his house in chelsea , we found him there with just a few vampires , no more than six or seven-certainly not the hundred nathaniel had warned about , and no clockwork creatures that anyone could find . 
 benedict slew de quincey , but not before the vampire laughed at us for calling him the magister-said we had let mortmain make fools of us . 
 mortmain . 
 and i 'd thought he was just-just a mundane . '' 
 henry sank down on the top step , his broad sword clanking . 
 `` this is a disaster . '' 
 `` will , '' charlotte said dazedly , as if in a dream . 
 `` and tessa . 
 where are they ? '' 
 `` tessa 's in the sanctuary . 
 with mortmain . 
 will - '' jessamine shook her head . 
 `` i did n't realize he was here . '' 
 `` he 's inside , '' jem said , raising his gaze to the institute . 
 he remembered his poison-racked dream-the institute in flames , a haze of smoke over london , and great clockwork creatures striding to and fro among the buildings like monstrous spiders . 
 `` he would have gone after tessa . '' 
 mortmain 's face had drained of blood . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he demanded , striding toward her . 
 tessa set the tip of the blade to her chest and pushed . 
 the pain was sharp , sudden . 
 blood bloomed on the bosom of her dress . 
 `` do n't come any closer . '' 
 mortmain stopped , his face contorted with fury . 
 `` what makes you think i care if you live or die , miss gray ? '' 
 `` as you said , you made me , '' said tessa . 
 `` for whatever reason , you desired that i exist . 
 you valued me enough that you would not have wanted the dark sisters to harm me in any permanent way . 
 somehow , i am significant to you . 
 oh , not my self , of course . 
 my power . 
 that is what matters to you . '' 
 she could feel blood , warm and wet , trickling down her skin , but the pain was nothing compared to her satisfaction at seeing the look of fear on mortmain 's face . 
 he spoke through gritted teeth . 
 `` what is it you want from me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 what is it you want from me ? 
 tell me . 
 tell me why you created me . 
 tell me who my true parents are . 
 was my mother really my mother ? 
 my father , my father ? '' 
 mortmain 's smile was twisted . 
 `` you are asking the wrong questions , miss gray . '' 
 `` why am i ... what i am , and nate is only human ? 
 why is he not like me ? '' 
 `` nathaniel is only your half brother . 
 he is nothing more than a human being , and not a very good example of that . 
 do not mourn that you are not more like him . '' 
 `` then ... '' tessa paused . 
 her heart was racing . 
 `` my mother could not have been a demon , '' she said quietly . 
 `` or anything supernatural , because aunt harriet was her sister , and she was only human . 
 so it must have been my father . 
 my father was a demon ? '' 
 mortmain grinned , a sudden ugly grin . 
 `` put down the knife and i will give you your answers . 
 perhaps we can even summon up the thing that fathered you , if you are so desperate to meet him-or should i say ` it ' ? '' 
 `` then i am a warlock , '' tessa said . 
 her throat felt tight . 
 `` that is what you are saying . '' 
 mortmain 's pale eyes were full of scorn . 
 `` if you insist , '' he said , `` i suppose that is the best word for what you are . '' 
 tessa heard magnus bane 's clear voice in her head : oh , you 're a warlock . 
 depend on it . 
 and yet - `` i do n't believe any of this , '' tessa said . 
 `` my mother , she would never have-not with a demon . '' 
 `` she had no idea . '' 
 mortmain sounded almost pitying . 
 `` no idea that she was being unfaithful to your father . '' 
 tessa 's stomach lurched . 
 this was nothing she had n't thought might be possible , nothing she had n't wondered about . 
 still , to hear it spoken aloud was something else . 
 `` if the man i thought was my father , was not my father , and my true father was a demon , '' she said , `` then why am i not marked like a warlock is marked ? '' 
 mortmain 's eyes sparkled with malevolence . 
 `` indeed , why are you not ? 
 perhaps because your mother had no idea what she was , any more than you do . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 my mother was human ! '' 
 mortmain shook his head . 
 `` miss gray , you continue to ask the wrong questions . 
 what you must understand is that much was planned so that you would someday come to be . 
 the planning began even before me-and i carried it forward , knowing i was overseeing the creation of something unique in the world . 
 something unique that would belong to me . 
 i knew that i would one day marry you , and you would be mine forever . '' 
 tessa looked at him in horror . 
 `` but why ? 
 you do n't love me . 
 you do n't know me . 
 you did n't even know what i looked like ! 
 i could have been hideous ! '' 
 `` it would not have mattered . 
 you can appear as hideous or as beautiful as you like . 
 the face you wear now is only one of a thousand possible faces . 
 when will you learn that there is no real tessa gray ? '' 
 `` get out , '' tessa said . 
 mortmain looked at her with his pale eyes . 
 `` what did you say to me ? '' 
 `` get out . 
 leave the institute . 
 take your monsters with you . 
 or i will stab myself in the heart . '' 
 for a moment he hesitated , his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides . 
 this must have been what he was like when forced to make a lightning-swift business decision-to buy or to sell ? 
 to invest or to expand ? 
 he was a man used to sizing up the situation in an instant , tessa thought . 
 and she was only a girl . 
 what chance did she have to outmaneuver him ? 
 slowly he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't believe you 'll do it . 
 you may be a warlock , but you 're still a young girl . 
 a delicate female . '' 
 he took a step toward her . 
 `` violence is not in your nature . '' 
 tessa gripped the handle of the knife tightly . 
 she could feel everything-the hard slick surface under her fingers , the pain where it pierced her skin , the beat of her own heart . 
 `` do n't come a step closer , '' she said in a shaking voice , `` or i 'll do it . 
 i 'll drive the knife in . '' 
 the tremble in her voice seemed to give him conviction ; his jaw firmed , and he moved toward her with a confident stride . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 tessa heard will 's voice in her head . 
 she took poison rather than let herself be captured by the romans . 
 she was braver than any man . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i will . '' 
 something in her face must have changed , for the confidence went from his expression and he lunged toward her , his arrogance gone , reaching desperately for the knife . 
 tessa spun away from mortmain , turning to face the fountain . 
 the last thing she saw was the silvery water splashing high above her as she drove the knife toward her chest . 
 will was breathless as he approached the doors of the sanctuary . 
 he had fought two of the clockwork automatons in the stairwell and had thought he was done for , until the first one-having been run through several times with thomas 's sword-began to malfunction and pushed the second creature out a window before collapsing and crashing down the stairs in a whirlwind of crumpling metal and shooting sparks . 
 will had cuts on his hands and arms from the creatures ' jagged metal hides , but he had not slowed down for an iratze . 
 he drew out his stele as he ran , and hit the sanctuary doors at a dead run . 
 he slashed the stele across the doors ' surface , creating the fastest open rune of his life . 
 the doors ' lock slid back . 
 will took a split second of time to switch his stele for one of the seraph blades on his belt . 
 `` jerahmeel , '' he whispered , and as the blade blazed up with white fire , he kicked the sanctuary doors open . 
 and froze in horror . 
 tessa lay crumpled by the fountain , whose water was stained with red . 
 the front of her blue and white dress was a sheet of scarlet , and blood spread from beneath her body in a widening pool . 
 a knife lay by her limp right hand , its hilt smeared with blood . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 mortmain knelt by her side , his hand on her shoulder . 
 he glanced up as the doors burst open , and then staggered to his feet , backing away from tessa 's body . 
 his hands were red with blood , and his shirt and jacket were stained with it . 
 `` i ... , '' he began . 
 `` you killed her , '' will said . 
 his voice sounded stupid to his own ears , and very far away . 
 he saw again in his mind 's eye the library of the house he had lived in with his family as a child . 
 his own hands on the box , curious fingers unclasping the catch that held it closed . 
 the library filled with the sound of screaming . 
 the road to london , silver in the moonlight . 
 the words that had gone through his head , over and over , as he 'd walked away from everything he had ever known , forever . 
 i have lost everything . 
 lost everything . 
 everything . 
 `` no . '' 
 mortmain shook his head . 
 he was fiddling with something-a ring on his right hand , made of silver . 
 `` i did n't touch her . 
 she did this to herself . '' 
 `` you lie . '' 
 will moved forward , the shape of the seraph blade beneath his fingers comforting and familiar in a world that seemed to shift and change around him like the landscape of a dream . 
 `` do you know what happens when i drive one of these into human flesh ? '' 
 he rasped , raising jerahmeel . 
 `` it will burn as it cuts you . 
 you will die in agony , burning from the inside out . '' 
 `` you think you grieve her loss , will herondale ? '' 
 mortmain 's voice was full of torment . 
 `` your grief is nothing to mine . 
 years of work-dreams-more than you could ever imagine , wasted . '' 
 `` then be comforted , for your pain will be of short duration , '' said will , and he lunged forward , blade outstretched . 
 he felt it graze the cloth of mortmain 's jacket-and meet no further resistance . 
 he stumbled forward , righted himself , and stared . 
 something clinked to the floor at his feet , a brass button . 
 his blade must have severed it from mortmain 's jacket . 
 it winked at him from the ground like a mocking eye . 
 shocked , will dropped the seraph blade . 
 jerahmeel fell to the floor , still burning . 
 mortmain was gone-entirely gone . 
 he had vanished like a warlock might vanish , a warlock who had trained in the practice of magic for years . 
 for a human , even a human with occult knowledge , to accomplish such a thing ... but that did n't matter ; not now . 
 will could think of only one thing . 
 tessa . 
 half in dread , half in hope , he crossed the room to where she lay . 
 the fountain made its wretched soothing noises as he knelt down and lifted her into his arms . 
 he had held her like this only once before , in the attic , the night they had burned de quincey 's town house . 
 the memory of it had come to him , unbidden , often enough since . 
 now it was torture . 
 her dress was soaked in blood ; so was her hair , and her face was streaked with it . 
 will had seen enough injuries to know that no one could lose blood like this and live . 
 `` tessa , '' he whispered . 
 he crushed her against him ; it did n't matter now what he did . 
 he buried his face in the crook of her neck , where her throat met her shoulder . 
 her hair , already beginning to stiffen with blood , scratched his cheek . 
 he could feel the beat of her pulse through her skin . 
 he froze . 
 her pulse ? 
 his heart leaped ; he drew away , meaning to lower her to the ground , and found her looking at him with wide gray eyes . 
 `` will , '' she said . 
 `` is it really you , will ? '' 
 relief crashed over him first , followed instantly by a boiling terror . 
 to have thomas die before his eyes , and now this , too . 
 or perhaps she could be saved ? 
 though not with marks . 
 how were downworlders healed ? 
 it was knowledge only the silent brothers had . 
 `` bandages , '' will said , half to himself . 
 `` i must get bandages . '' 
 he began to loosen his grip on her , but tessa caught at his wrist with her hand . 
 `` will , you must be careful . 
 mortmain-he 's the magister . 
 he was here - '' will felt as if he were choking . 
 `` hush . 
 save your strength . 
 mortmain 's gone . 
 i must get help - '' `` no . '' 
 she tightened her grip on him . 
 `` no , you need n't do that , will . 
 it 's not my blood . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said , staring . 
 perhaps she was delirious , he thought , but her grip and her voice were surprisingly strong for someone who should have been dead . 
 `` whatever he did to you , tessa - '' `` i did it , '' she said in the same firm little voice . 
 `` i did it to myself , will . 
 it was the only way i knew to make him go away . 
 he would never have left me here . 
 not if he 'd thought i was alive . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i changed . 
 when the knife touched me , i changed , just in that moment . 
 it was something that mortmain had said that gave me the idea-that sleight of hand is a simple trick and that no one ever expects it . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 the blood ? '' 
 she nodded , her small face alight with relief , with her pleasure in telling him what she had done . 
 `` there was a woman , once , that the dark sisters made me change into , who had died of a gunshot wound , and when i changed her blood poured all over me . 
 did i tell you that ? 
 i thought perhaps i had , but it does n't matter-i remembered it , and i changed into her , just for that moment , and the blood came , as it had before . 
 i turned away from mortmain so he could n't see me change , and crumpled forward as if the knife had truly gone in-and indeed , the force of the change , doing it so quickly , made me quite sincerely faint . 
 the world went dark , and then i heard mortmain calling my name . 
 i knew i must have come back to myself , and i knew i must pretend to be dead . 
 i fear he would have certainly found me out had you not arrived . '' 
 she looked down at herself , and will could have sworn there was a faintly smug tone to her voice as she said , `` i tricked the magister , will ! 
 i would not have thought it possible-he was so confident of his superiority over me . 
 but i recalled what you had said about boadicea . 
 if it had not been for your words , will ... '' she looked up at him with a smile . 
 the smile broke what was left of his resistance-shattered it . 
 he had let the walls down when he 'd thought she was gone , and there was no time to build them back up . 
 helplessly he pulled her against him . 
 for a moment she clung to him tightly , warm and alive in his arms . 
 her hair brushed his cheek . 
 the color had come back into the world ; he could breathe again , and for that moment he breathed her in-she smelled of salt , blood , tears , and tessa . 
 when she drew back from his embrace , her eyes were shining . 
 `` i thought when i heard your voice that it was a dream , '' she said . 
 `` but you are real . '' 
 her eyes searched his face , and , as if satisfied at what they found there , she smiled . 
 `` you are real . '' 
 he opened his mouth . 
 the words were there . 
 he was about to say them when a jolt of terror went through him , the terror of someone who , wandering in a mist , pauses only to realize that they have stopped inches from the edge of a gaping abyss . 
 the way she was looking at him-she could read what was in his eyes , he realized . 
 it must have been written plainly there , like words on the page of a book . 
 there had been no time , no chance , to hide it . 
 `` will , '' she whispered . 
 `` say something , will . '' 
 but there was nothing to say . 
 there was only the emptiness , as there had been before her . 
 as there always would be . 
 i have lost everything , will thought . 
 everything . 
 20 awful wonder yet each man kills the thing he loves , by each let this be heard , some do it with a bitter look , some with a flattering word , the coward does it with a kiss , the brave man with a sword ! 
 - oscar wilde , `` the ballad of reading gaol '' the marks that denoted mourning were red for shadowhunters . 
 the color of death was white . 
 tessa had not known that , had not read it in the codex , and so had been startled to see the five shadowhunters of the institute going out to the carriage dressed all in white like a wedding party as she and sophie had watched from the windows of the library . 
 several members of the enclave had been killed cleaning out de quincey 's vampire nest . 
 in name the funeral was for them , though they were also burying thomas and agatha . 
 charlotte had explained that nephilim burials were generally for nephilim only , but an exception could be made for those who had died in the service of the clave . 
 sophie and tessa , though , had been forbidden to go . 
 the ceremony itself was still closed to them . 
 sophie had told tessa it was better anyway , that she did not want to see thomas burn and his ashes scattered in the silent city . 
 `` i would rather remember him as he was , '' she 'd said , `` and agatha , too . '' 
 the enclave had left a guard behind them , several shadowhunters who had volunteered to stay and watch over the institute . 
 it would be a long time , tessa thought , before they ever left it unguarded again . 
 she had passed the time while they were gone reading in the window alcove-nothing to do with nephilim or demons or downworlders , but a copy of a tale of two cities that she 'd found on charlotte 's shelf of dickens books . 
 she had resolutely tried to force herself not to think about mortmain , about thomas and agatha , about the things mortmain had said to her in the sanctuary-and most especially , not about nathaniel or where he might be now . 
 any thought of her brother made her stomach tighten and the backs of her eyes prickle . 
 nor was that all that was on her mind . 
 two days before , she had been forced to appear before the clave in the library of the institute . 
 a man the others called the inquisitor had questioned her about her time with mortmain , over and over , alert for any changes in her story , until she was exhausted . 
 they had questioned her about the watch he had wanted to give her , and whether she knew who it had belonged to , or what the initials j. t. s. might stand for . 
 she did not , and as he had taken it with him when he 'd vanished , she pointed out , that was unlikely to change . 
 they had questioned will , too , about what mortmain had said to him before he 'd disappeared . 
 will had borne the inquest with surly impatience , to no one 's surprise , and had eventually been dismissed with sanctions , for rudeness and insubordination . 
 the inquisitor had even demanded that tessa strip off her clothes , that she might be searched for a warlock 's mark , but charlotte had put a quick stop to that . 
 when tessa had at last been allowed to go , she had hurried out into the corridor after will , but he had gone . 
 it had been two days since then , and in that time she had hardly seen him , nor had they spoken beyond the occasional polite exchange of words in front of others . 
 when she had looked at him , he had looked away . 
 when she had left the room , hoping he would follow , he had n't . 
 it had been maddening . 
 she could n't help but wonder if she was alone in thinking that something significant had passed between them there on the floor of the sanctuary . 
 she had woken out of a darkness more profound than any she had encountered during a change before , to find will holding her , the most plainly distraught look she could have envisioned on his face . 
 and surely she could n't have imagined the way he 'd said her name , or looked at her ? 
 no . 
 she could not have imagined that . 
 will cared for her , she was sure of it . 
 yes , he had been rude to her almost since he had met her , but then , that happened in novels all the time . 
 look how rude darcy had been to elizabeth bennet before he 'd proposed , and really , quite rude during as well . 
 and heathcliff was never anything but rude to cathy . 
 though she had to admit that in a tale of two cities , both sydney carton and charles darnay had been very kind to lucie manette . 
 and yet i have had the weakness , and have still the weakness , to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me , heap of ashes that i am , into fire ... . 
 the troubling fact was that since that night in the sanctuary , will had neither looked at her nor said her name again . 
 she thought she knew the reason for it-had guessed at it in the way charlotte had looked at her , the way everyone was being so quiet around her . 
 it was evident . 
 the shadowhunters were going to send her away . 
 and why should n't they ? 
 the institute was for nephilim , not downworlders . 
 she had brought death and destruction down on the place in the short time she 'd been here ; god only knew what would happen if she remained . 
 of course , she had nowhere to go , and no one to go to , but why should that matter to them ? 
 covenant law was covenant law ; it could not be changed or broken . 
 maybe she would wind up living with jessamine after all , in some town house in belgravia . 
 there were worse fates . 
 the rattle of carriage wheels on the cobblestones outside , signaling the return of the others from the silent city , brought her out of her glum reverie . 
 sophie hurried down the stairs to greet them while tessa watched through the window as they left the carriage , one by one . 
 henry had his arm around charlotte , who was leaning against him . 
 then came jessamine , with pale flowers wound through her fair hair . 
 tessa would have admired how she looked , had she not held the sneaking suspicion that jessamine probably enjoyed funerals because she knew she appeared especially pretty in white . 
 then came jem , and then will , looking like two chess pieces from some odd game , both jem 's silver hair and will 's tangled black locks set off by the pallor of their clothes . 
 white knight and black knight , tessa thought as they went up the steps and vanished into the institute . 
 she had only just set her book down on the seat beside her when the library door opened and charlotte came in , still pulling off her gloves . 
 her hat was gone , and her brown hair stood out around her face in humidity-frizzed curls . 
 `` i rather thought i 'd find you in here , '' she said , crossing the room to sink into a chair opposite tessa 's window seat . 
 she dropped the white kid gloves on the nearby table and sighed . 
 `` was it ... ? '' 
 tessa began . 
 `` awful ? 
 yes . 
 i hate funerals , though the angel knows i 've been to dozens . '' 
 charlotte paused and bit her lip . 
 `` i sound like jessamine . 
 forget that i said that , tessa . 
 sacrifice and death are part of the shadowhunting life , and i have always accepted that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 it was very quiet . 
 tessa imagined she could feel her heart beating hollowly , like the tick of a grandfather clock in a great empty room . 
 `` tessa ... , '' charlotte began . 
 `` i already know what you are going to say , charlotte , and it is quite all right . '' 
 charlotte blinked . 
 `` you do ? 
 it ... is ? '' 
 `` you want me to go , '' tessa said . 
 `` i know that you met with the clave before the funeral . 
 jem told me . 
 i ca n't imagine they would think you should allow me to remain . 
 after all the trouble and the dreadfulness i 've brought down on you . 
 nate . 
 thomas and agatha - '' `` the clave does not care about thomas and agatha . '' 
 `` the pyxis , then . '' 
 `` yes , '' charlotte said slowly . 
 `` tessa , i think you have entirely the wrong idea . 
 i did n't come to ask you to leave ; i came to ask you to stay . '' 
 `` to stay ? '' 
 the words seemed disconnected from any meaning . 
 surely charlotte could not have meant what she 'd said . 
 `` but the clave ... they must be angry ... . '' 
 `` they are angry , '' said charlotte . 
 `` with henry and me . 
 we were utterly taken in by mortmain . 
 he used us as his instruments , and we allowed it . 
 i was so proud of the clever and handy way i had taken charge of him that i never stopped to think that perhaps he was the one taking charge . 
 i never stopped to think that not a single living creature other than mortmain and your brother had ever confirmed that de quincey was the magister . 
 all the other evidence was circumstantial , and yet i let myself be convinced . '' 
 `` it was very convincing . '' 
 tessa hastened to reassure charlotte . 
 `` the seal we found on miranda 's body . 
 the creatures on the bridge . '' 
 charlotte made a bitter sound . 
 `` all characters in a play that mortmain put on for our benefit . 
 do you know that , search as we have , we have not been able to find a scrap of evidence as to what other downworlders controlled the pandemonium club ? 
 none of the mundane members have a clue , and since we destroyed de quincey 's clan , the downworlders are more distrustful of us than ever . '' 
 `` but it 's only been a few days . 
 it took will six weeks to find the dark sisters . 
 if you keep looking ... '' `` we do n't have that much time . 
 if what nathaniel said to jem was true , and mortmain plans to use the demon energies inside the pyxis to animate his clockwork mannequins , we have only the time it will take him to learn to open the box . '' 
 she shrugged a little . 
 `` of course , the clave believes that is impossible . 
 the pyxis can be opened only with runes , and only a shadowhunter can draw them . 
 but then again , only a shadowhunter ought to have been able to gain access to the institute . '' 
 `` mortmain is very clever . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 charlotte 's hands were tightly knotted in her lap . 
 `` did you know that henry is the one who told mortmain about the pyxis ? 
 what it was called , and what it did ? '' 
 `` no ... '' tessa 's reassuring words had deserted her . 
 `` you could n't . 
 no one knows that . 
 only i do , and henry . 
 he wants me to tell the clave , but i wo n't . 
 they already treat him so badly , and i ... '' charlotte 's voice shook , but her small face was set . 
 `` the clave is convening a tribunal . 
 my conduct , and henry 's , will be examined and voted upon . 
 it is possible that we will lose the institute . '' 
 tessa was appalled . 
 `` but you 're wonderful at running the institute ! 
 the way you keep everything organized and in place , the way you manage it all . '' 
 charlotte 's eyes were wet . 
 `` thank you , tessa . 
 the fact is that benedict lightwood has always wanted the place of head of the institute for himself , or for his son . 
 the lightwoods have a great deal of family pride and despise taking orders . 
 if not for the fact that consul wayland himself named my husband and me as the successors to my father , i am sure benedict would be in charge . 
 all i have ever wanted is to run the institute , tessa . 
 i will do anything to keep it . 
 if you would only help me - '' `` me ? 
 but what can i do ? 
 i know nothing of shadowhunter politics . '' 
 `` the alliances we forge with downworlders are some of our most priceless assets , tessa . 
 part of the reason i am still where i am is my affiliation with warlocks such as magnus bane and vampires such as camille belcourt . 
 and you , you are a precious commodity . 
 what you can do has already helped the enclave once ; the aid you could offer us in future could be incalculable . 
 and if you are known to be a firm ally of mine , it will only help me . '' 
 tessa held her breath . 
 in her mind she saw will-will as he had looked in the sanctuary-but , almost to her surprise , he was not all that her thoughts contained . 
 there was jem , with his kindness and gentle hands ; and henry making her laugh with his odd clothes and funny inventions ; and even jessamine , with her peculiar fierceness and occasional surprising bravery . 
 `` but the law , '' she said in a small voice . 
 `` there is no law against you remaining here as our guest , '' said charlotte . 
 `` i have searched the archives and have found nothing that would prevent you from staying , if you consented . 
 so do you consent , tessa ? 
 will you stay ? '' 
 tessa dashed up the steps to the attic ; for the first time in what felt like forever , her heart was almost light . 
 the attic itself was much as she remembered , the high small windows letting in a little sunset light , for it was almost twilight now . 
 there was a tipped-over pail on the floor ; she maneuvered around it on her way to the narrow steps that led up to the roof . 
 he is often to be found there when he is troubled , charlotte had said . 
 and i have rarely seen will so troubled . 
 the loss of thomas and agatha has been more difficult for him than i foresaw . 
 the steps ended in a square overhead door , hinged on one side . 
 tessa pushed the trapdoor open , and climbed out onto the institute 's roof . 
 straightening , she looked around . 
 she stood in the wide , flat center of the roof , which was surrounded by a waist-high wrought iron railing . 
 the bars of the railing ended in finials shaped like sharpened fleur-de-lis . 
 at the far end of the roof stood will , leaning against the railing . 
 he did not turn , even as the trapdoor swung shut behind her and she took a step forward , rubbing her scratched palms against the fabric of her dress . 
 `` will , '' she said . 
 he did not move . 
 the sun had begun to set in a torrent of fire . 
 across the thames , factory smokestacks belched smoke that trailed dark fingers across the red sky . 
 will was leaning on the railing as if he were exhausted , as if he intended to fall forward across the javelin-sharp finials and end it all . 
 he gave no sign of hearing tessa as she approached and moved to stand beside him . 
 from here the steeply pitched roof fell away to a dizzying view of the cobblestones below . 
 `` will , '' she said again . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he did not look at her . 
 he was staring out at the city , a black outline against the reddened sky . 
 the dome of st. paul 's shone through the mucky air , and the thames ran like dark strong tea below it , bracketed here and there with the black lines of bridges . 
 dark shapes moved by the river 's edge-mudlarks , searching through the filth thrown up by the water , hoping to find something valuable to sell . 
 `` i remember now , '' will said without looking at her , `` what it was i was trying to remember the other day . 
 it was blake . 
 ` and i behold london , a human awful wonder of god . ' '' 
 he stared out over the landscape . 
 `` milton thought hell was a city , you know . 
 i think maybe he had it half-right . 
 perhaps london is just hell 's entrance , and we are the damned souls refusing to pass through , fearing that what we will find on the other side will be worse than the horror we already know . '' 
 `` will . '' 
 tessa was bewildered . 
 `` will , what is it , what 's wrong ? '' 
 he gripped the railing with both hands , his fingers whitening . 
 his hands were covered with cuts and scratches , his knuckles scraped red and black . 
 there were bruises on his face , too , darkening the line of his jaw , purpling the skin under his eye . 
 his lower lip was split and swollen , and he had done nothing to heal any of it . 
 she could not imagine why . 
 `` i should have known , '' he said . 
 `` that it was a trick . 
 that mortmain was lying when he came here . 
 charlotte so often vaunts my skill at tactics , but a good tactician is not blindly trusting . 
 i was a fool . '' 
 `` charlotte believes it 's her fault . 
 henry believes it 's his fault . 
 i believe it 's my fault , '' tessa said impatiently . 
 `` we ca n't all have the luxury of blaming ourselves , now , can we ? '' 
 `` your fault ? '' 
 will sounded puzzled . 
 `` because mortmain is obsessed with you ? 
 that hardly seems - '' `` for bringing nathaniel here , '' tessa said . 
 just saying it out loud made her feel as if her chest were being squeezed . 
 `` for urging you to trust him . '' 
 `` you loved him , '' said will . 
 `` he was your brother . '' 
 `` he still is , '' tessa said . 
 `` and i still love him . 
 but i know what he is . 
 i always did know what he was . 
 i just did n't want to believe it . 
 i suppose we all lie to ourselves sometimes . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 will sounded tight and distant . 
 `` i suppose we do . '' 
 quickly tessa said , `` i came up here because i have good news , will . 
 wo n't you let me tell you what it is ? '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 his voice was dead . 
 `` charlotte says i can stay here , '' tessa said . 
 `` at the institute . '' 
 will said nothing . 
 `` she said there 's no law against it , '' tessa went on , a little bewildered now . 
 `` so i wo n't need to leave . '' 
 `` charlotte would never have made you leave , tessa . 
 she can not bear to abandon even a fly caught in a spider 's web . 
 she would not have abandoned you . '' 
 there was no life in will 's voice and no feeling . 
 he was simply stating a fact . 
 `` i thought ... '' tessa 's elation was fading quickly . 
 `` that you would be at least a little pleased . 
 i thought we were becoming friends . '' 
 she saw the line of his throat move as he swallowed , hard , his hands tensing again on the rail . 
 `` as a friend , '' she went on , her voice dropping , `` i have come to admire you , will . 
 to care for you . '' 
 she reached out , meaning to touch his hand , but she drew back , startled by the tension in his posture , the whiteness of the knuckles that gripped the metal railing . 
 the red mourning marks stood out , scarlet against the whitened skin , as if they had been cut there with knives . 
 `` i thought perhaps ... '' at last will turned to look directly at her . 
 tessa was shocked at the expression on his face . 
 the shadows under his eyes were so dark , they looked hollow . 
 she stood and stared at him , willing him to say what the hero in a book would say now , at this moment . 
 tessa , my feelings for you have grown beyond mere feelings of friendship . 
 they are so much more rare and precious than that ... . 
 `` come here , '' he said instead . 
 there was nothing welcoming in his voice , or in the way he stood . 
 tessa fought back her instinct to shy away , and moved toward him , close enough for him to touch her . 
 he reached out his hands and touched her hair lightly , brushing back the stray curls around her face . 
 `` tess . '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 his eyes were the same color as the smoke-stained sky ; even bruised , his face was beautiful . 
 she wanted to be touching him , wanted it in some inchoate , instinctive way she could neither explain nor control . 
 when he bent to kiss her , it was all she could do to hold herself back until his lips met hers . 
 his mouth brushed hers and she tasted salt on him , the tang of bruised and tender skin where his lip was cut . 
 he took her by the shoulders and pulled her closer to him , his fingers knotting in the fabric of her dress . 
 even more than in the attic , she felt caught in the eddy of a powerful wave that threatened to pull her over and under , to crush and break her , to wear her down to softness as the sea might wear down a piece of glass . 
 she reached to lay her hands on his shoulders , and he drew back , looking down at her , breathing very hard . 
 his eyes were bright , his lips red and swollen now from kissing as well as injuries . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said , `` we should discuss our arrangements , then . '' 
 tessa , still feeling as if she were drowning , whispered , `` arrangements ? '' 
 `` if you are going to be staying , '' he said , `` it would be to our advantage to be discreet . 
 it might perhaps be better to use your room . 
 jem tends to come in and out of mine as if he lives in the place , and he might be puzzled to find the door locked . 
 your quarters , on the other hand - '' `` use my room ? '' 
 she echoed . 
 `` use it for what ? '' 
 will 's mouth quirked up at the corner ; tessa , who had been thinking about how beautifully shaped his lips were , took a moment to realize with a sense of distant surprise that the smile was a very cold one . 
 `` you can not pretend you do n't know ... . 
 you are not entirely ignorant of the world , i think , tessa . 
 not with that brother of yours . '' 
 `` will . '' 
 the warmth was going out of tessa like the sea drawing back from the land ; she felt cold , despite the summer air . 
 `` i am not like my brother . '' 
 `` you care for me , '' will said . 
 his voice was cool and sure . 
 `` and you know that i admire you , the way that all women know when a man admires them . 
 now you have come to tell me you will be here , available to me , for as long as i might wish it . 
 i am offering you what i thought you wanted . '' 
 `` you can not mean that . '' 
 `` and you can not have imagined i meant anything more , '' will said . 
 `` there is no future for a shadowhunter who dallies with warlocks . 
 one might befriend them , employ them , but not ... '' `` marry them ? '' 
 tessa said . 
 there was a clear picture in her head of the sea . 
 it had drawn back entirely from the shore , and she could see the small creatures it had left gasping in its wake , flapping and dying on the bare sand . 
 `` how forward . '' 
 will smirked ; she wanted to slap the expression off his face . 
 `` what did you really expect , tessa ? '' 
 `` i did not expect you to insult me . '' 
 tessa 's voice threatened to shake ; somehow , she kept it firm . 
 `` it can not be the unwanted consequences of a dalliance that concern you , '' will mused . 
 `` since warlocks are unable to have children - '' `` what ? '' 
 tessa stepped back as if he had pushed her . 
 the ground felt unsteady under her feet . 
 will looked at her . 
 the sun was nearly completely gone from the sky . 
 in the near darkness the bones of his face looked prominent and the lines at the corners of his mouth were as harsh as if he were racked by physical pain . 
 but his voice when he spoke was even . 
 `` you did n't know that ? 
 i thought someone would have told you . '' 
 `` no , '' tessa said softly . 
 `` no one told me . '' 
 his gaze was steady . 
 `` if you are not interested in my offer ... '' `` stop , '' she said . 
 this moment , she thought , was like the edge of a broken bit of glass , clear and sharp and painful . 
 `` jem says you lie to make yourself look bad , '' she said . 
 `` and perhaps that is true , or perhaps he simply wishes to believe that about you . 
 but there is no reason or excuse for cruelty like this . '' 
 for a moment he looked actually unnerved , as if she had truly startled him . 
 the expression was gone in an instant , like the shifting shape of a cloud . 
 `` then there is nothing more for me to say , is there ? '' 
 without another word she spun on her heel and walked away from him , toward the steps that led back down into the institute . 
 she did not turn to see him looking after her , a still black silhouette against the last embers of the burning sky . 
 * * * lilith 's children , known also by the name warlocks , are , in the manner of mules and other crossbreeds , sterile . 
 they can not produce offspring . 
 no exceptions to this rule have been noted ... . 
 tessa looked up from the codex and stared , unseeing , out the window of the music room , though it was too dark outside for much of a view . 
 she had taken refuge here , not wanting to return to her own room , where she would eventually be discovered moping by sophie or , worse , charlotte . 
 the thin layer of dust over everything in this room reassured her that she was much less likely to be found here . 
 she wondered how she had missed this fact about warlocks before . 
 to be fair , it was not in the codex 's section on warlocks , but rather in the later section on downworld crossbreeds such as half faeries and half werewolves . 
 there were no half warlocks , apparently . 
 warlocks could not have children . 
 will had n't been lying to hurt her ; he 'd been telling the truth . 
 which seemed worse , in a way . 
 he would have known that his words were n't a light blow , easily resolved . 
 perhaps he had been correct . 
 what else had she really thought would happen ? 
 will was will , and she should not have expected him to be anything else . 
 sophie had warned her , and still she had n't listened . 
 she knew what aunt harriet would have said about girls who did n't listen to good advice . 
 a faint rustling sound broke into her brown study . 
 she turned , and at first saw nothing . 
 the only light in the room came from a single witchlight sconce . 
 its flickering light played over the shape of the piano , the curving dark mass of the harp covered with a heavy drop cloth . 
 as she stared , two bright points of light resolved themselves , close to the floor , an odd green-yellow color . 
 they were moving toward her , both at the same pace , like twin will-o ' - the-wisps . 
 tessa expelled her held breath suddenly . 
 of course . 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` here , kitty . '' 
 she made a coaxing noise . 
 `` here , kitty , kitty ! '' 
 the cat 's answering meow was lost in the noise of the door opening . 
 light streamed into the room , and for a moment the figure in the doorway was just a shadow . 
 `` tessa ? 
 tessa , is that you ? '' 
 tessa knew the voice immediately-it was so near to the first thing he had ever said to her , the night she had walked into his room : will ? 
 will , is that you ? 
 `` jem , '' she said resignedly . 
 `` yes , it 's me . 
 your cat seems to have wandered in here . '' 
 `` i ca n't say that i 'm surprised . '' 
 jem sounded amused . 
 she could see him clearly now as he came into the room ; witchlight from the corridor flooded in , and even the cat was clearly visible , sitting on the floor and washing its face with a paw . 
 it looked angry , the way persian cats always did . 
 `` he seems to be a bit of a gadabout . 
 it 's as if he demands to be introduced to everyone - '' jem broke off then , his eyes on tessa 's face . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 tessa was so taken off guard that she stammered . 
 `` w-why would you ask me that ? '' 
 `` i can see it on your face . 
 something 's happened . '' 
 he sat down on the piano stool opposite her . 
 `` charlotte told me the good news , '' he said as the cat rose to its feet and slunk across the room to him . 
 `` or at least , i thought it was good news . 
 are you not pleased ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm pleased . '' 
 `` hm . '' 
 jem looked unconvinced . 
 bending down , he held out his hand to the cat , who rubbed its head against the back of his fingers . 
 `` good cat , church . '' 
 `` church ? 
 is that the cat 's name ? '' 
 tessa was amused despite herself . 
 `` goodness , did n't it used to be one of mrs. dark 's familiars or some such thing ? 
 perhaps church is n't the best name for it ! '' 
 `` he , '' jem corrected with mock severity , `` was not a familiar but a poor creature she planned to sacrifice as part of her necromantic spell casting . 
 and charlotte 's been saying that we ought to keep him because it 's good luck to have a cat in a church . 
 so we started calling him `` the church cat , '' and from that ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` church . 
 and if the name helps keep him out of trouble , so much the better . '' 
 `` i do believe he 's looking at me in a superior manner . '' 
 `` probably . 
 cats think they 're superior to everyone . '' 
 jem scratched church behind the ears . 
 `` what are you reading ? '' 
 tessa showed him the codex . 
 `` will gave it to me ... . '' 
 jem reached out and took it from her , with such deftness that tessa had no time to draw her hand back . 
 it was still open to the page she 'd been studying . 
 jem glanced down at it , and then back up at her , his expression changing . 
 `` did you not know this ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it is not so much that i dreamed of having children , '' she said . 
 `` i had not thought so far ahead in my life . 
 it 's more that this seems yet another thing that separates me from humanity . 
 that makes me a monster . 
 something set apart . '' 
 jem was silent for a long moment , his long fingers stroking the gray cat 's fur . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said , `` it is not such a bad thing to be set apart . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` tessa , you know that although it seems you are a warlock , you have an ability we have never seen before . 
 you carry no warlock 's mark . 
 with so much about you uncertain , you can not allow this one piece of information to drive you to despair . '' 
 `` i am not despairing , '' tessa said . 
 `` it 's just - i have been lying awake these past few nights . 
 thinking about my parents . 
 i barely remember them , you see . 
 and yet i can not help but wonder . 
 mortmain said my mother did not know that my father was a demon , but was he lying ? 
 he said she did not know what she was , but what does that mean ? 
 did she ever know what i was , that i was not human ? 
 is that why they left london as they did , so secretively , under cover of darkness ? 
 if i am the result of something-something hideous-that was done to my mother without her knowing , then how could she ever have loved me ? '' 
 `` they hid you from mortmain , '' said jem . 
 `` they must have known he wanted you . 
 all those years he searched for you , and they kept you safe-first your parents , then your aunt . 
 that is not the act of an unloving family . '' 
 his gaze was intent on her face . 
 `` tessa , i do not want to make you promises i can not keep , but if you truly wish to know the truth about your past , we can seek it out . 
 after all you have done for us , we owe you that much . 
 if there are secrets to be learned about how you came to be what you are , we can learn them , if that is what you desire . '' 
 `` yes . 
 that is what i want . '' 
 `` you may not , '' said jem , `` like what you discover . '' 
 `` it is better to know the truth . '' 
 tessa was surprised by the conviction in her own voice . 
 `` i know the truth about nate , now , and painful as it is , it is better than being lied to . 
 it is better than going on loving someone who can not love me back . 
 better than wasting all that feeling . '' 
 her voice shook . 
 `` i think he did , '' said jem , `` and does love you , in his way , but you can not concern yourself with that . 
 it is as great a thing to love as it is to be loved . 
 love is not something that can be wasted . '' 
 `` it is hard . 
 that is all . '' 
 tessa knew she was being self-pitying , but she could not seem to shake it off . 
 `` to be so alone . '' 
 jem leaned forward and looked at her . 
 the red marks stood out like fire on his pale skin , making her think of the patterns that traced the edges of the silent brothers ' robes . 
 `` my parents , like yours , are dead . 
 so are will 's , and jessie 's , and even henry 's and charlotte 's . 
 i am not sure there is anyone in the institute who is not an orphan . 
 otherwise we would not be here . '' 
 tessa opened her mouth , and then closed it again . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i was being perfectly selfish not to think - '' he held up a slender hand . 
 `` i am not blaming you , '' he said . 
 `` perhaps you are here because you are otherwise alone , but so am i . 
 so is will . 
 so is jessamine . 
 and even , to an extent , charlotte and henry . 
 where else could henry have his laboratory ? 
 where else would charlotte be allowed to put her brilliant mind to work the way she can here ? 
 and though jessamine pretends to hate everything , and will would never admit to needing anything , they have both made homes for themselves here . 
 in a way , we are not here just because we have nowhere else ; we need nowhere else , because we have the institute , and those who are in it are our family . '' 
 `` but not my family . '' 
 `` they could be , '' said jem . 
 `` when i first came here , i was twelve years old . 
 it most decidedly did not feel like home to me then . 
 i saw only how london was not like shanghai , and i was homesick . 
 so will went down to a shop in the east end and bought me this . '' 
 he drew out the chain that hung around his neck , and tessa saw that the flash of green she 'd noticed before was a green stone pendant in the shape of a closed hand . 
 `` i think he liked it because it reminded him of a fist . 
 but it was jade , and he knew jade came from china , so he brought it back to me and i hung it on a chain to wear it . 
 i still wear it . '' 
 the mention of will made tessa 's heart contract . 
 `` i suppose it is good to know he can be kind sometimes . '' 
 jem looked at her with keen silver eyes . 
 `` when i came in-that look on your face-it was n't just because of what you read in the codex , was it ? 
 it was about will . 
 what did he say to you ? '' 
 tessa hesitated . 
 `` he made it very clear that he did n't want me here , '' she said at last . 
 `` that my remaining at the institute is not the happy chance i thought it was . 
 not in his view . '' 
 `` and after i just finished telling you why you should consider him family , '' jem said , a bit ruefully . 
 `` no wonder you looked as if i 'd just told you something awful had happened . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' tessa whispered . 
 `` do n't be . 
 it 's will who ought to be sorry . '' 
 jem 's eyes darkened . 
 `` we shall throw him out onto the streets , '' he proclaimed . 
 `` i promise you he 'll be gone by morning . '' 
 tessa started and sat upright . 
 `` oh-no , you ca n't mean that - '' he grinned . 
 `` of course i do n't . 
 but you felt better for a moment there , did n't you ? '' 
 `` it was like a beautiful dream , '' tessa said gravely , but she smiled when she said it , which surprised her . 
 `` will is ... difficult , '' jem said . 
 `` but family is difficult . 
 if i did n't think the institute was the best place for you , tessa , i would not say that it was . 
 and one can build one 's own family . 
 i know you feel inhuman , and as if you are set apart , away from life and love , but ... '' his voice cracked a little , the first time tessa had heard him sound unsure . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i promise you , the right man wo n't care . '' 
 before tessa could reply , there was a sharp tapping against the glass of the window . 
 she looked toward jem , who shrugged . 
 he heard it too . 
 crossing the room , she saw that indeed there was something outside-a dark winged shape , like a small bird struggling to get inside . 
 she tried to lift the window sash , but it seemed stuck . 
 she turned , but jem had already appeared at her side , and he pushed the window open . 
 as the dark shape fluttered inside , it flew straight for tessa . 
 she raised her hands and caught it out of the air , feeling the sharp metal wings flutter against her palms . 
 as she held it , they closed , and its eyes closed too . 
 once more it held its metal sword quietly , as if waiting to be wakened again . 
 tick-tick went its clockwork heart against her fingers . 
 jem turned from the open window , the wind ruffling his hair . 
 in the yellow light , it shone like white gold . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 tessa smiled . 
 `` my angel , '' she said . 
 epilogue it had grown late , and magnus bane 's eyelids were drooping with exhaustion . 
 he set horace 's odes down upon the end table and gazed thoughtfully at the rain-streaked windows that looked out onto the square . 
 this was camille 's house , but tonight she was not in it ; it seemed to magnus unlikely that she would be home again for many more nights , if not for longer . 
 she had left the city after that disastrous night at de quincey 's , and though he had sent her a message telling her it was safe to return , he doubted she would . 
 he could not help but wonder if , now that she had exacted revenge on her vampire clan , she would still desire his company . 
 perhaps he had only ever been something to throw in de quincey 's face . 
 he could always depart-pack up and go , leave all this borrowed luxury behind him . 
 this house , the servants , the books , even his clothes , were hers ; he had come to london with nothing . 
 it was n't as if magnus could n't earn his own money . 
 he had been quite wealthy in the past , on occasion , though having too much money usually bored him . 
 but remaining here , however annoying , was still the most likely path to seeing camille again . 
 a knock on the door broke him out of his reverie , and he turned to see archer , the footman , standing in the doorway . 
 archer had been camille 's subjugate for years , and regarded magnus with loathing , likely because he felt that a liaison with a warlock was n't the right sort of attachment for his beloved mistress . 
 `` there 's someone to see you , sir . '' 
 archer lingered over the word `` sir '' just long enough for it to be insulting . 
 `` at this hour ? 
 who is it ? '' 
 `` one of the nephilim . '' 
 a faint distaste colored archer 's words . 
 `` he says his business with you is urgent . '' 
 so it was n't charlotte , the only one of the london nephilim that magnus might have expected to see . 
 for several days now he had been assisting the enclave , watching while they questioned terrified mundanes who had been members of the pandemonium club , and using magic to remove the mundanes ' memories of the ordeal when it was over . 
 an unpleasant job , but the clave always paid well , and it was wise to remain in their favor . 
 `` he is , '' archer added , with deepening distaste , `` also very wet . '' 
 `` wet ? '' 
 `` it is raining , sir , and the gentleman is not wearing a hat . 
 i offered to dry his clothes , but he declined . '' 
 `` very well . 
 send him in . '' 
 archer 's lips thinned . 
 `` he is waiting for you in the parlor . 
 i thought he might wish to warm himself by the fire . '' 
 magnus sighed inwardly . 
 he could , of course , demand that archer show the guest into the library , a room he preferred . 
 but it seemed like a great deal of effort for little return , and besides , if he did , the footman would sulk for the next three days . 
 `` very well . '' 
 gratified , archer melted away , leaving magnus to make his own way to the parlor . 
 the door was closed , but he could see from the light that gleamed beneath the door that there was a fire , and light , inside the room . 
 he pushed the door open . 
 the parlor had been camille 's favorite room and bore her decorating touches . 
 the walls were painted a lush burgundy , the rosewood furniture imported from china . 
 the windows that otherwise would have looked out onto the square were covered with velvet curtains that hung straight from floor to ceiling , blocking out any light . 
 someone was standing in front of the fireplace , his hands behind his back-a slender someone with dark hair . 
 when he turned , magnus recognized him immediately . 
 will herondale . 
 he was , as archer had said , wet , in the manner of someone who did not care one way or another whether it rained on him or not . 
 his clothes were drenched , his hair hanging in his eyes . 
 water streaked his face like tears . 
 `` william , '' magnus said , honestly surprised . 
 `` what on earth are you doing here ? 
 has something happened at the institute ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 will 's voice sounded as if he were choking . 
 `` i 'm here on my own account . 
 i need your help . 
 there is-there is absolutely no one else that i can ask . '' 
 `` really . '' 
 magnus looked at the boy more closely . 
 will was beautiful ; magnus had been in love many times throughout the years , and normally beauty of any sort moved him , but will 's never had . 
 there was something dark about the boy , something hidden and strange that was hard to admire . 
 he seemed to show nothing real to the world . 
 yet now , under his dripping black hair , he was as white as parchment , his hands clenched at his sides so tightly that they were shaking . 
 it seemed clear that some terrible turmoil was ripping him apart from the inside out . 
 magnus reached behind himself and locked the parlor door . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 `` why do n't you tell me what the problem is ? '' 
