 chapter one the guy waiting across from me was meaty , but the way his eyes moved in a calm study of the dockyard showed that the thickness about his middle did n't extend to his head . 
 he would be fast and unforgiving , but if you were allowed only one piece of security , you usually took your best . 
 my foot ground the grit between my low flat and the dock , and the man 's eyes darted to me-answering my unspoken question . 
 smiling , i shifted to show off my curves a little . 
 i did n't expect any trouble , but why not use all my resources ? 
 `` whatcha packing ? '' 
 i asked , trying for some small talk . 
 trent and this guy 's boss had been here only twenty minutes , but this had n't been on the agenda , and i was fidgety . 
 the man 's lips quirked . 
 pulling himself straighter , he lifted the hem of his coat to show a glock tucked right where i thought it would be . 
 he was proud enough of it to like what he did , and casual enough to be a good shot . 
 i bobbed my head , again trying for arm-candy-with-a-gun . 
 in the distance , a train hooted as it crossed the ohio river . 
 the dampness was beginning to rise , and i hoped trent would finish up soon . 
 impromptu , sunset meetings on an empty dock smacked of illegal dealings , even if the three-story boat they were on was shiny , extravagant , and probably under more cameras than the mona lisa . 
 `` that 's nice , '' i said as i pulled my shoulder bag off the retaining wall behind me and slowly , so there 'd be no misunderstandings , found the smooth , cool metal of my own weapon . 
 `` me , i got myself a splat gun , '' i said , hefting it in the buzzing haze the security light was making . 
 `` no need for a permit . 
 no ballistics on record . 
 if i have to shoot it-and i do shoot it-it 's quiet and untraceable . '' 
 the untraceable part was n't entirely true , but the quiet was since it ran on compressed air . 
 `` what 's that you 've got ? 
 a glock ? '' 
 he nodded , uneasy and off balance-just the way i wanted it . 
 splat guns were basically paint ball guns with the dye removed and spells added . 
 what kind of spells was up to the practitioner . 
 mine was not a toy but a precision instrument , heavy and cherry red so the fib would quit trying to take it away from me . 
 satisfied doubt would make him a shade slower , i dropped it back in my bag . 
 like i said , i did n't think there 'd be any trouble , but a little intimidation is good for the soul . 
 leaning back , i put my elbows on top of the retaining wall and looked past trent 's floating status icon to the hollows beyond . 
 behind and above me , cincy woke up as the sun went down . 
 something felt off , but i was chalking that up to trent 's change in plans . 
 despite my better judgment , i 'd taken a one-night security job filling in for trent 's usual security . 
 i 'd said yes to the hospital fund raiser , not an after sunset meeting at a boat . 
 if i 'd known it was something this slimy , i would have worn my leather to keep from leaving skin grafts on the pavement , not security-black cotton pants and jacket . 
 the thought that this had been trent 's idea all along was simmering-pissing me off . 
 i did not like being used . 
 i decided who i worked for . 
 i chose who , where , when , and most importantly , why . 
 a light clicked on in the stern of the boat , dim and battery yellow . 
 voices grew louder , a and i pushed up from the wall . 
 mr. glock did the same . 
 clearly the meeting was over , as two men moved onto the covered back deck , still talking . 
 they were both in suits , one slightly overweight , the other slim with youth . 
 more blah , blah , blah ensued as they finished up . 
 trent looked as calm and collected as always , the dim light glinting on his fair hair cut in the latest style . 
 the shiny dress shoes that he 'd been wearing had been exchanged for something softer that would n't scratch the deck . 
 the canvas looked odd peeking out from under the hem of his three-thousand-dollar suit , but trent was all about the shoes in an understated , never-discussed-way . 
 the briefcase he 'd taken from the trunk was in the other man 's grip , and i frowned . 
 mr. glock hurried forward as the two men shook hands and parted . 
 trent 's raised , almost musical voice seemed to skate over my skin , raising goose bumps in the darkening evening , and i stifled a shiver . 
 still talking , trent gestured for the man to go before him , turning off the light and locking up the boat himself before he followed . 
 his steps were silent on the dock , and it was n't until mr. glock accompanied his slightly overweight charge to the black lincoln parked next to trent 's new convertible that trent 's eyes finally landed on mine . 
 wincing , he looked away . 
 my frown deepened . 
 silent , our steps slowly evolved into a matched pace as our paths converged on his car . 
 ticked , my arms began to swing . 
 damn it , this had been something illegal . 
 i forced my jaw to unclench as the lincoln drove off , tires popping on the gravel . 
 it was an upscale marina , but we were in the service area and gravel gave under the weight of the boats being put in and out whereas concrete might crack . 
 trent unexpectedly took several jogging steps to reach the passenger-side door first , opening it up and gesturing for me to get in . 
 suspicious , i came to a hip-cocked halt , looking at him before turning to the lights of the lincoln now flashing over empty boat cradles . 
 we were probably on camera somewhere , but with them gone , i could be a little freer with my opinions . 
 i was filling in for quen , not replacing him . 
 trent was not my boss in any way shape or form , especially after this . 
 `` i 'll drive , '' he said , door open in invitation . 
 his voice was one of his easiest tells , and he was angry and a little flustered . 
 angry at me ? 
 the man in the lincoln ? 
 `` it 's my job , '' i said , allowing anger to color my voice and hopefully draw him out . 
 trent shifted his feet a bare inch , his long fingers never letting go of the open window . 
 `` i 've been taking defensive driving classes . '' 
 his eyebrows rose . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 no , i had n't , and he knew it . 
 his reflexes were probably as good as mine , if not better , and if he was driving , i could keep a more secure eye on the road . 
 but the reason i handed him the keys was because i knew trent loved his freedom , loved it so much he was already mourning its loss when the girls came back from ellasbeth 's and quen resumed trent 's everyday security . 
 `` they come in handy i bet , '' i said tightly as the leather seemed to fold around me and i settled myself in the scent of money . 
 `` especially when you 're out doing illegal stuff . '' 
 my door shut with the solid echo coming back from the flat water . 
 his hands were still on it , and i looked up , squinting at him in the darkness . 
 `` well ? '' 
 trent 's long fingers slowly slid from the car . 
 motions veneered in calm , he went to the driver 's side , his steps silent on the gravel . 
 i should have expected nothing less than this , and i was as mad at myself as i was with him . 
 it was n't as if i did n't know he was a drug lord and dealer in illegal genetic medicines . 
 the entire world knew it . 
 hell , the best brimstone on the streets was known as special k . 
 the proof , though , was elusive . 
 too many people needed what he offered in a standardized , clean form , so naturally no one knew where it came from . 
 i settled my bag on my lap as he got in . 
 it was a nice car , not his usual one , but nice . 
 i could smell the wine and cinnamon of him over the new-car scent already , and it felt close when he got in , even with the top open . 
 the engine started up with a precision hum that made me ache in envy , and i froze when he put his arm over the back of my seat so he could see to back up . 
 unexpected tingles made their delicious way from my shoulder to my neck . 
 i did n't move as the car swung into reverse , my breath catching when his arm trailed along my shoulder as he drew it back to himself . 
 expertly working the clutch , we started for the gate at a slow crawl . 
 uneasy , i put an elbow on the open window and held my hair out of my eyes . 
 trent had touched me before . 
 this was n't the first time i 'd worked with him , and he was a tactile person-even if he was somewhat aloof-but ever since a half-drunk confession and not one but two mutually consenting and poorly thought-out lip locks , even his casual touch zinged through me . 
 i 'm not going to do this , i thought , head down as i dug through my bag for a scrunchie . 
 i am not going to get involved with a man ten times my tax bracket who deals in brimstone to fund his illegal genetic studies . 
 easing around a stand of empty boat cradles , trent looked at me . 
 `` it was n't brimstone . 
 i would n't ask you to do that . '' 
 i hated it when he seemed to read my mind , and i turned the vents to try to drive the damp out of me . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he sighed , slowing to almost a crawl when he saw the car ahead of us still working through the unattended gate . 
 `` diabetes runs in amos 's family . 
 why should n't his children and grandchildren grow up free of it ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 because genetic medicines are illegal ? 
 because only the wealthy can get them ? 
 because if it was found out , he 'd be railroaded through the system and executed ? 
 the turn was n't that long ago , and people were still scared . 
 `` rachel , '' he prompted , and i quit fiddling with the vents . 
 i was n't his employee and i was n't his girlfriend , but he cared what i thought of him-which made me uncomfortable even as it flattered the hell out of me . 
 `` what did he give you ? 
 votes ? '' 
 i said bitterly . 
 damn it , why did every man i like end up to be dirty or too scared to put up with the crap my life could dish out ? 
 i do not like trent . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 `` he gave me his silence , '' trent said flatly . 
 exhaling , i slumped where i sat . 
 it was more than likely that trent was being blackmailed , even if he did seem to like the man . 
 part of me was all for walking away , but another knew how vulnerable trent was . 
 a lot of good came out of kalamack industries too . 
 i 'm too tired to figure this out right now , i thought , feeling like a hypocrite . 
 `` i do n't like being tricked into doing something illegal . '' 
 i looked across the car at him , my eyebrows high . 
 `` you should have asked . '' 
 his hair shifted in the wind off the river , and he brushed it aside as i smothered the urge to do it myself . 
 `` you would n't have done it if i had asked , '' he muttered . 
 `` and to say otherwise is both insulting and ridiculous , but if it means anything , i 'm sorry . '' 
 my air puffed out , and i looked over the dark dockyard as it passed . 
 `` not for the right reason , you are n't . '' 
 `` i said i was sorry . 
 what more do you want me to say ? '' 
 the tension in his voice pulled my attention back to him . 
 `` look . 
 reading people is my job . 
 if i do it wrong , i might end up on the pavement , and you , trent , are not sorry . '' 
 he frowned and i added , `` okay , maybe you 're sorry that your evening was marred by some unexpected blackmail , but you 're not sorry that you used me to watch your back when you knew damn well i would n't have said yes if you had asked me flat out . '' 
 `` then you admit you would have said no , '' he accused , his hands white-knuckled on the leather-covered wheel . 
 `` if you were sitting in your office , yes ! 
 i 'm not naive , trent . 
 i know things happen , things that need to be taken care of immediately , and i 'm not so callous that i would 've walked off and left you to fend for yourself in the middle of the street ! '' 
 he turned to the gate , the expensive car bouncing over a rut . 
 `` i 'm not helpless . '' 
 `` i never said you were , but working the hollows with no one watching your back is dumb . 
 dumber than not asking me to help . '' 
 the car jerked forward as his foot slipped off the clutch . 
 his eyes were narrowed in the scant light coming off the dash , and something in me liked seeing him like this . 
 he was always so calm , so in control . 
 it was nice knowing he was as human as the rest of us . 
 `` then what are you mad about ! '' 
 he exclaimed , and my elbow slipped off the window . 
 `` you did n't ask , '' i said , giving him an up and down look . 
 `` you assumed , and i 'm not your employee . '' 
 `` ah , technically ... '' i pointed at him . 
 `` i 'm not your employee , '' i said again , louder . 
 `` if you would 've told me what had happened , i probably would 've agreed just so i would n't have to look quen in the eye and tell him i left you alone at the docks . 
 but you did n't . 
 you used me with as much consideration as if i was one of your horses or secretaries . 
 you took my ability to make a decision just because it made your life easier . 
 and you 're not sorry . 
 not for the right reason . '' 
 he was silent . 
 before us , the lincoln crept through the security gate , taillights flashing as they took a left turn and were gone . 
 `` never mind , '' i said , head propped up on my hand as i put my elbow back on the open window . 
 `` this is my fault , not yours . '' 
 i should have known better . 
 trent 's jaw tightened as we came to a gravel-popping halt at the automatic gate . 
 `` i am sorry , '' he breathed , a glimpse of frustration showing as he leaned to reach the keypad . 
 `` tonight was unavoidable , and it was n't my intent to engage your services for anything other than the fund raiser . 
 i am sorry that i did n't ask for your help , especially ... '' his eyes met mine , and something in me fluttered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , and you have my assurance it wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i 'm still never going to work for you again-cookie farts . 
 chapter two as if knowing my thoughts , he punched in a number using more force than necessary , jerking back at a jump of static when he hit enter . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked as he rubbed his fingertip and settled into the seat . 
 `` short in the wire . '' 
 but his concern was far more than a poke of electricity would warrant . 
 `` you 're not immune to a sniper spell , '' i grumbled suspiciously as the bar rose . 
 unease growing , i waved sourly at the camera as we drove through . 
 backroom , illegal deals . 
 nice . 
 my mom would freak out . 
 at least it was over and nothing had happened . 
 working the pedals like a professional driver , trent picked up speed as he swerved through a maze of boat cradles . 
 we were still on the marina 's property , but gradually the cradles became empty , older , and covered in weeds until they were gone . 
 the road began rising , and slowly the tension of our discussion was pulled away in wind of our passage . 
 that is , until he drove right past our turnoff . 
 i spun in my seat , hair flying into my face when i looked back . 
 `` you missed the turn , '' i said , and he shook his head , grim as he rubbed his fingertip . 
 `` takes too long to get back into the city that way , '' he said , slowing suddenly to take a sharp right turn . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 i shouted , hands going to grip the dash and door as he spun the little car onto a dirt road that looked as if it was made for donkeys , not beamers . 
 `` trent , it 's got to be like a thirty-degree grade ! '' 
 what was this ? 
 some way to get back at me ? 
 trent had one hand clenched on the wheel , the other on the shifter . 
 `` road less traveled . '' 
 okay , this was freaky weird , and i held on as he took the switchbacks , tires spinning on the gravel and the scrub and trees closing in over us . 
 he was tense , preoccupied-thinking thoughts he was n't going to share with me . 
 the headlights bobbed wildly , and i could n't even tell why they even had this road . 
 it looked as if it went right up to edden park-if you could manage the climb . 
 `` trent ! '' 
 i cried , eyes widening as the lights found a dip in the road the size of manhattan . 
 jaw tight , trent swerved . 
 the lights flashed into the scrub , then we bounced off the shoulder and back onto the road . 
 adrenaline flashed through me . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 i yelled , wanting to point but afraid to let go . 
 someone was in the road . 
 someone was just standing in the middle of the friggin ' road ! 
 trent slammed his feet onto the brakes . 
 my head swung forward , and the seatbelt cut into me . 
 the car spun a quarter circle , and with a harsh revving , the engine stalled . 
 the sudden quiet was like a slap . 
 heart pounding , i held the car door and dash , trying to figure out if we 'd hit the guy . 
 `` do n't do this to me , '' trent breathed , almost frantic as he tried to get the engine to turn over , but the convertible was unhappy at being asked to be an off-road vehicle and refused to start . 
 the moon could n't make it through the trees . 
 it was dark , and as the engine wined and the lights dimmed from the draw on the battery , i tried to see what happened to the guy in the road . 
 i had n't felt a thump . 
 this is not a good place to be . 
 i was n't afraid of the dark , but even though we were inside the city limits , we were a good five-minute walk from anything . 
 and where was that man who had caused it all ? 
 the hair on the back of my neck began to prick . 
 `` stay in the car . '' 
 the seatbelt retracted , and i slung my bag over my shoulder and reached for the door . 
 trent , though , was already halfway out , his motions smooth with decision . 
 `` stay here , '' he demanded , using that voice that usually got other people to do what he wanted . 
 `` stay down . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i exclaimed , affronted . 
 `` i 'm the one doing security here . 
 trent ! '' 
 but he was gone , the door eased to a clicked shut . 
 ticked , i shoved the door open and followed him out . 
 head up and eyes scanning , i dug in my shoulder bag for my splat gun . 
 the road was silent under me , soft with loose soil . 
 i was leaving footprints . 
 the wind blew up from the river below . 
 we were halfway between nothing and everything . 
 creeped out , i sent a sliver of my awareness out to tap the nearest ley line . 
 energy eased into me , spilling along my synapses and neurons , gathering to a warm pool in my chi . 
 i let it spill over and suffuse me until i spindled enough in my head to blow the top of my church . 
 heart pounding , i backed off before i accidently fried someone . 
 `` trent ! '' 
 i hissed . 
 `` get back here ! '' 
 thirty feet down the road , he turned to me , a black shadow among the gray . 
 `` i told you to stay in the car . '' 
 why in hell is he acting like this ? 
 my eyes widened , and i jerked my arms up , gun pointed at the form rising up behind trent . 
 the faint moonlight caught a glint of light . 
 turn take it -- gun ! 
 `` down ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 trent dove to the right and into the scrub . 
 there was a flash of light and a pop of a silencer . 
 my heart pounded , and a spike of satisfaction went through me even as trent 's muffled cry came from the nearby ditch . 
 he 'd listened to me . 
 the stupid billionaire had finally listened to me . 
 i think it had just saved him a ton of hurt if not his life . 
 stance firm , i stood in the middle of the road . 
 the puff of air from my splat gun iced through me . 
 but he was just out of my weapon 's range , and the splat ball hit and bounced off . 
 it had the desired reaction , though , and the man ran into the woods . 
 crap on toast , i was a sitting duck out here . 
 `` trent ! '' 
 i shouted so he would n't hit me with anything nasty . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 frantic , i slid into the ditch and out of the sniper 's sights . 
 hard rocks pinched the soles of my shoes , and i put a hand out to slow my slide . 
 stones bit into my knuckles as i slid down , but i refused to let go of my gun . 
 above came the sound of someone shooting the tires out . 
 it was n't a glock , but that did n't negate the possibility of amos being responsible for this . 
 but why kill the golden goose keeping your kid alive ? 
 unless there is a bigger nasty holding a knife to your throat . 
 my heart caught as i found trent sitting at the bottom of the ditch . 
 his eyes were pinched and he was holding his shoulder . 
 shit , what if i got him killed ? 
 `` my god , are you okay ? '' 
 i rushed as i crawled to him , trying to stay below the edge of the road . 
 i jerked at the zing thud of another bullet imbedding itself into the dirt . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he said sourly , letting go of his shoulder to show me it was unmarked . 
 `` i landed wrong is all . '' 
 not believing him , i reached for his shoulder only to jerk back when a jump of energy flashed between us . 
 my eyes darted to his , and i tightened my control . 
 it had n't felt like our energies balancing , and my thoughts darted back to that static shock at the gate . 
 oh , shit . 
 feeling as if i 'd been kicked , i sat back , stones jabbing into my butt . 
 that had n't been a static shock from the keypad . 
 someone had tagged him . 
 not only had someone tagged him , but trent knew it . 
 that 's why this stupid , windy road . 
 he had been trying to outrun them and get in a public place where they could n't act . 
 trent grabbed my wrist , jerking my attention to him . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he demanded , unaware i 'd figured it out , but then he hesitated at my horrified expression . 
 `` what ? 
 the pop of gunfire brought us both up . 
 he was tagged all right . 
 every shot was going to the same patch of dirt , guided by whatever he picked up at the keypad . 
 if we had n't been in a ditch , trent would be dead . 
 `` stay down , '' i said tightly . 
 this was exactly why i did n't do illegal stuff . 
 not being able to call on the i.s. or fib for help sucked . 
 `` i thought you said you had some driving courses . 
 why in hell did you get out of the car ! '' 
 `` because there 's no roof and it stalled ? '' 
 trent said , refreshingly sarcastic . 
 crouching , he made a motion to look up out of the ditch . 
 `` let go of the ley line . 
 no magic . '' 
 i looked at my splat gun . 
 what did he want me to do ? 
 talk them to death ? 
 `` beg pardon ? '' 
 the moonlight shown on his face , and he winced . 
 `` no magic . 
 i ca n't risk being placed here with amos . 
 the man i talked to tonight ? '' 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 i blurted , thinking back to the camera at the gatehouse . 
 but knowing trent , he 'd already arranged to destroy the tapes if the camera had even been working at the time . 
 `` damn it , trent ! '' 
 i shouted as another bullet buried itself in the dirt , the angle a little higher . 
 `` this is exactly why i do n't do illegal stuff ! '' 
 irate , he looked out over the road . 
 `` i said i was sorry . 
 i said it would never happen again . 
 can we talk about this later ? '' 
 i reluctantly tucked my splat gun away . 
 if he did n't want to be place here , i did n't want to be placed here , and spells could unfortunately be traced back to their maker . 
 `` stop looking up there , '' i muttered , pulling him back . 
 `` and stay below the level of the dirt . 
 you 've been tagged . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 shocked , i turned to him , reading his self-anger in the dim light . 
 satisfied he would stay put , i peeked over the edge . 
 the man was rummaging around in the car . 
 most assassins worked in pairs . 
 where 's the other guy ? 
 breath held , i eased back into the ditch . 
 i had to get my splat ball back . 
 minimize the damage . 
 `` that car is n't registered to you , is it ? '' 
 `` no , not really . '' 
 i peered over the edge . 
 the man was gone or waiting for us to poke our heads out . 
 `` good , because it 's full of holes now . '' 
 the vehicle had probably been taken right off the line and put in his garage , completely untraceable thanks to money . 
 `` i work best when i know what 's going on . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to know . 
 i think we should just leave . '' 
 there was the bare brush of presence beside me , and i turned to find him gone . 
 frustration edged out my anger . 
 `` trent ! '' 
 i whispered , stumbling as i followed him into the steep woods . 
 `` assassins travel in pairs . 
 will you stop wandering off ! 
 i ca n't do my job if you 're too far ahead ! '' 
 my splat ball was still out there somewhere . 
 everyone knew i used them . 
 hesitating , i turned back to the road , weighing the chance it might be missed against me running into the assassin . 
 a soft grunt and scuffle spun me around . 
 in the scrub just off the road , two figures grappled . 
 adrenaline slammed into me . 
 springing forward , i pulled on the ley line until the tips of my hair began to float . 
 with a soft cry , trent spun , hitting the man 's wrist perfectly . 
 swearing , the man dropped the gun , only to wind his arm around trent 's neck instead . 
 it was a hold to contain , not kill , and i slid to a halt , not helpless , but if i hit the man with a ley line , trent would take it , too . 
 he is n't trying to kill him . 
 then why the tag ? 
 the thought niggled , but i could n't give it any attention . 
 trent was in the man 's grip , fighting to breathe . 
 i ran forward , dancing back when trent tried to lever his attacker over his head , but the man was twice his weight and the hill was working against him . 
 struggling , trent slammed his elbow into the man 's middle , and still he held on . 
 `` some help here ? '' 
 trent wheezed . 
 chapter three frowning , i made fists of my hands . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 `` urgh ... rachel ! '' 
 trent sputtered as i found my balance . 
 i was wearing these dumb shoes . 
 this was going to hurt . 
 `` haaaaaeah ! '' 
 i screamed , putting everything i had behind a crescent kick . 
 it hit the man 's temple perfectly , a spike of pain radiating up my foot as i connected . 
 breathless , i stood with my weight all on my left foot , right foot throbbing . 
 `` wait for it , '' i said as trent desperately dug at the man 's grip , still tight around his neck . 
 with a soft sigh , the man fell backward , dragging trent down with him . 
 they hit with a thud . 
 for an instant , trent blinked up at me , then he shoved the man 's arm off him . 
 scrambling to his feet , trent tugged his suit straight . 
 `` that was a little close , was n't it ? '' 
 he rasped as he felt his neck . 
 i was still riding the adrenaline high of having saved trent , and i crouched to feel for the man 's pulse . 
 this was n't mr. glock . 
 my foot hurt , and i kept my weight off it as i rose . 
 `` you 'd rather i use my fist and have to explain to ivy why she has to cut my steak ? '' 
 trent was silent , and i stood on one foot and rubbed the other . 
 we needed to go . 
 we 'd find nothing if i searched the man . 
 `` he 's out . 
 let 's go . 
 i can get that tag off you , but i need some time . '' 
 `` you want to just leave him here ? '' 
 `` he 's not going to go to the i.s. and file assault charges . 
 he failed . 
 he 'll be lucky if his employer lets him live . '' 
 it was n't as if we could kill him . 
 hesitating , i thought about his arm wrapped around trent 's neck . 
 no . 
 we could n't kill him , even if i wanted to . 
 `` perhaps you 're right . '' 
 with a surprising amount of grace , he climbed the steep ditch and scrambled out onto the road . 
 he did n't seem to be worried about the tag . 
 maybe he 'd neutralized it himself . 
 depressed , i looked for an easier way up . 
 `` damn it , trent , who did you piss off now ? '' 
 i complained as i found a way to the top . 
 trent was coming back from the car , his head down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said as he handed me my unbroken splat ball . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i think there 's a restaurant half a mile up . 
 we can get a cab . 
 i 'd feel better with people around us . '' 
 oddly enough , i would too . 
 whoever had targeted him wanted it to be in a dark alley , not where there were witnesses . 
 without another word , he left the car behind and began hoofing it up the steep , winding road . 
 i hastened to follow , dropping the splat ball he 'd given me in my bag where it would n't spell me if it broke . 
 `` trent , who 's been most active with the death threats lately ? '' 
 his posture was bent as he labored up the hill . 
 `` nothing sticks out . '' 
 `` nothing sticks out ? '' 
 i came even with him , pulse fast . 
 `` look , there 's someone else out here . 
 assassins always travel in pairs . '' 
 he looked sideways at me . 
 `` why do you think i abandoned the car ? '' 
 why do you think i abandoned the car ? 
 i mocked in my thoughts , then quashed it . 
 `` let me call ivy , '' i prompted . 
 `` she can pick us up . 
 who knew you 'd be at the marina tonight ? 
 who knows the number you 'd hit on the keypad ? '' 
 he was silent . 
 the crickets had resumed their chorus , and i heard a boat hoot on the river . 
 `` quen ? 
 ellasbeth ? '' 
 his pace bobbled , and i pounced on it . 
 `` you told ellasbeth ? '' 
 i said , aghast . 
 `` for god 's sake , why ? '' 
 `` she wanted to see the boat , but this is n't her . 
 i do n't know who it is , but it is n't her . '' 
 he was lying . 
 the question was if he was lying to me , or himself . 
 the faint moonlight glinted on a webbing across the road , and we drew up short when we found the chain-link fence . 
 it was stretched right across the road . 
 thirty feet above , a paved road ran perpendicular to it . 
 seeing the cut someone had made in the links , i pulled it aside so trent could go through . 
 `` it 's not like you to be this blind , '' i said softly . 
 `` she 's the mother of my child . '' 
 but he did n't seem to be happy when he said it , and i looked at him , the fence between us . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 how could something as wonderful as lucy stem from someone as nasty as ellasbeth ? 
 `` she 's going to fight for full custody , even if it means taking you out . '' 
 grimacing , trent bent the fence inward for me . 
 `` as long as i 'm single , she has a chance to have it all . 
 killing me now would serve no purpose . '' 
 i slipped through , my eyes on the nearby roadway . 
 thirty feet , and we 'd be back in civilization . 
 `` car , '' i said , seeing the light on the trees before hearing the engine . 
 `` you want me to flag them down ? '' 
 eyes up on the road , trent pulled me behind a tree . 
 my heart pounded at his sudden grip , and the encroaching light and sound brought back the twined feelings of terror and excitement i 'd felt playing hide and seek as a girl . 
 `` ellasbeth is n't trying to kill me , '' he whispered , and i flushed when he noticed me shiver . 
 breath held , i watched the car go by . 
 his length was pressed up against mine , hands gripping my shoulders . 
 the scent of wine and cinnamon cascaded over me , and i closed my eyes at the feeling of denied passion . 
 `` they 're gone , '' i whispered , and his hands slipped away . 
 steps silent , he retreated . 
 my back felt cold where he 'd been , and i looked at him standing in the shadows , feeling a loss i had no right to feel . 
 `` do you have signal ? '' 
 he finally said . 
 my head dropped , and i pulled my phone from a back pocket . 
 flipping it up , i squinted in the sudden light . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 call ivy . '' 
 his tone was short . 
 pensive , he turned to look the way we 'd come up . 
 i scrolled to find her number , thinking it was unusual that he 'd agree to bring ivy in this . 
 ivy had kept me alive more times than i had spell books in my kitchen , but to have that trust extend to him was unusual . 
 `` thanks , '' i whispered as i put the phone to my ear . 
 a snap so soft it could have been a moth 's wing zinged through me . 
 my head came up . 
 i could see nothing , my night vision ruined by the phone 's screen . 
 they traveled in pairs . 
 `` no ! '' 
 trent exclaimed , voice low but intent , and i gasped when he plowed into me . 
 breath held , i felt the ground slam into my shoulder and thigh . 
 trent 's weight landed on me half a second later , knocking the wind out of me . 
 my head hit the dirt , and stars exploded . 
 i. could . 
 not . 
 breathe . 
 trent 's weight vanished . 
 struggling , i managed to get up on an elbow . 
 i got a slip of air , gasping as i staggered to my feet , hunched and hurting . 
 not five feet away , trent fought with a man slimmer than him , faster . 
 vampire ? 
 but vampires generally did n't do assassin work . 
 the moonlight glinted on a knife , and not in trent 's hand . 
 seeing me up , the second assassin feigned a thrust , then turned and ran at me . 
 a growl came from trent , low and primitive , shaking me to my core . 
 he launched himself at him , landing on his back and forcing him to the ground inches away . 
 my ankle gave way , and i was down again . 
 i tossed my hair from my eyes . 
 trent made three quick , decisive moves-and i heard the sickening snap of bone and the man 's muffled cry of pain . 
 the knife was suddenly in trent 's hand , held at the man 's neck . 
 `` trent ! 
 no ! '' 
 i cried out , and the two stopped . 
 panting , trent froze . 
 it would be easy for him to prick his neck and bleed him out in five seconds . 
 but he did n't . 
 thoughts trent would n't share spun behind his eyes , his expression wild , and unpredictable . 
 `` please . 
 there has to be another way , '' i said , not knowing why i cared if he killed him , other than i knew this was n't who trent wanted to be . 
 the man jerked when trent pulled the knife from him , scuttling back out of his reach when trent backed off . 
 `` tell your sender that i will not tolerate another attack like this again , '' trent said . 
 `` next time , i kill you twice . 
 understand ? '' 
 the man nodded , clearly shocked trent let him live , much less bested him . 
 he turned to go , and i stiffened when trent pulled heavily on the ley line . 
 wincing , i did nothing when trent muttered a phrase that was n't quite latin . 
 his hands glowed , lighting the anger in his expression . 
 face twisted in anger , he said a final word . 
 i did n't even see the charm , but the fleeing man cried out , stumbling into the fence where he fell , groaning . 
 there 'd be magical residue , but i doubt very much anyone would bother to come out and try to link it to anyone , much less trent-not if it was a professional hit sanctioned by one of the masters . 
 but that 's not why my heart pounded . 
 the assassins had n't been going for trent . 
 they had been going for me . 
 vampires do n't do assassination work . 
 shit . 
 cormel . 
 that 's why trent wanted me to call ivy . 
 my god . 
 this was my fault . 
 all of it . 
 trent was a hunched shadow in the moonlight , and as i watched , he stooped to pick up my phone . 
 above us , a car drove past . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said , handing it to me `` i have to get back to my office . '' 
 his hand landed on my shoulder and i jumped , pliant with a sudden realization . 
 i was the one who was supposed to have been driving . 
 the tag should have hit me , not trent . 
 cormel was tired of waiting for his soul and had upped the pressure from talk to action . 
 but why ? 
 i was n't seeing anyone . 
 unless cormel thought that trent and i were , ah ... hand on my stomach , i slid a look over to trent . 
 he was angry , preoccupied with his thoughts as he helped me forward up the last of the incline . 
 trent ? 
 trent and i lovers ? 
 oh god . 
 trent was a big no-no . 
 it was not happening . 
 but i 'd never seen him this angry before . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 his words jerked through me , and i looked hard at his extended hand , thinking twice about it before taking it so he could help me up the last lurch to the road . 
 his fingers were firm in mine , and i stifled a thought of him running them over my body . 
 that grace between my sheets ... that strength mine to enjoy ... . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , stumbling as he drew me up . 
 but i was n't . 
 trent had been ready to kill that man to protect me . 
 i had seen it in his eyes . 
 i was damn sure i was n't comfortable with that-not when i knew how badly he wanted to differentiate himself from his father . 
 `` good . '' 
 but it was n't good . 
 this was bad . 
 very bad . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered as i hid my hand behind my back and looked down the road to place were we were . 
 his hand touched the small of my back , and we started down the road to cincinnati . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 but that was exactly what i was afraid of . 
