 chapter 1 the french quarter , new orleans present day `` she 's ... near . '' 
 at his brother 's weak and broken words , murdoch wroth 's eyes narrowed in anger toward the one who 'd brought the proud nikolai so low . 
 myst the coveted , a female immortal with a vicious heart . 
 and nikolai 's fated bride . 
 `` how can you tell ? '' 
 murdoch asked . 
 `` because i can feel her , '' nikolai said . 
 murdoch adjusted nikolai 's arm , which he 'd slung across his shoulders to help his brother walk as they searched . 
 the humans milling all around them merely assumed nikolai was another drunk . 
 proud nikolai . 
 he was exhausted from consuming too little blood , his body racked with never-ending need for a mad valkyrie who delighted in his pain . 
 nikolai had lost weight , his face turning gaunt , his muscles flagging . 
 `` murdoch , when i find her ... i want you to trace from here . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'll stay until you 've secured her - '' `` no . 
 do n't want you to ... see me . '' 
 nikolai 's weary gaze darted away from murdoch 's . 
 `` i will lose control . '' 
 which would shame his stalwart older brother as little else could . 
 murdoch could n't imagine how nikolai would react when he found myst . 
 five years ago , she had blooded nikolai , as only a bride could , bringing to life his dead vampire 's body . 
 she 'd made him breathe , made his heart beat , and stoked his newly reawakened lust with no intention of slaking it . 
 that same night , another valkyrie had shot him through with arrows and still another had mocked his desires . 
 myst had fled with the two , dooming nikolai . 
 a blooded vampire could only take release for the first time while touching his bride in some way . 
 if she was n't available , then he would remain in a state of constant sexual readiness , aching indefinitely . 
 which she well knew . 
 `` promise me you 'll leave , '' nikolai grated . 
 at length , murdoch said , `` i will . '' 
 if myst was indeed here tonight , it would make sense that there 'd be more valkyrie out on these very streets . 
 more of their deceiving , manipulative , violent kind . 
 `` but only to find another one , '' he added . 
 he could capture one and interrogate her about the lore , the world of not-so-mythical beings he and his brother were now a part of . 
 murdoch 's knowledge of the lore was as limited as that of any of the vampires in their warrior order of forbearers . 
 their army consisted mostly of turned humans , and the lore creatures kept their secrets well guarded from them . 
 `` do n't underestimate the valkyrie as i did , '' nikolai rasped . 
 `` else suffer as i have . '' 
 he suffered because fate had forced this blooding on nikolai . 
 as if nikolai needed another burden . 
 the blooding process was what murdoch detested most about being a vampire , even more than never seeing the sun again . 
 though he 'd once been a rake , bedding a new woman each night , murdoch hoped it never happened to him . 
 to be mystically tied to a single woman sounded hellish , especially to a woman he did n't choose , and one who could spurn him , as myst had nikolai . 
 the pain had rendered his brother nearly mindless in his pursuit of her . 
 nikolai wanted retribution , but murdoch suspected he also simply wanted her . 
 even after all that she 'd done to him . 
 `` where will you take her this night ? '' 
 murdoch asked . 
 `` the mill ? '' 
 they 'd secured an old renovated sugar mill outside the city , staying there instead of the forbearer castle while they 'd scoured these streets . 
 nikolai shook his head . 
 `` then back to the castle ? '' 
 when nikolai did n't answer , murdoch said , `` you would n't take her to blachmount ? '' 
 the ancient wroth estate - where most of their family had died in a single night of sickness and murder . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because that 's where my bride belongs . '' 
 before murdoch could question his meaning , nikolai went still , his eyes briefly sliding shut . 
 then his head swung up toward a rooftop . 
 `` it 's her . '' 
 above them , a redhead stood frozen , her lips parting in shock . 
 murdoch had only briefly seen her all those years before , and now he studied the details of her valkyrie appearance . 
 she had delicate fey features - pointed ears and high cheekbones - but he also spied the tell-tale claws and small fangs . 
 at the sight of her , nikolai stood fully , no longer needing murdoch 's aid . 
 `` my myst . '' 
 her face paled , no doubt at the sight of nikolai , who now looked like the monster she 'd sought to make him . 
 his irises had turned completely black , his fangs descending in his mouth , dripping from thirst . 
 her horrified expression almost made murdoch pity her , but she deserved no mercy . 
 which was good , because nikolai would show her none this night . 
 their pursuit of half a decade was ... over . 
 at last . 
 just as nikolai tensed to trace to her , murdoch slapped him on the back , then teleported away as he 'd promised , disappearing so quickly he went unnoticed in the morass of drunken tourists . 
 even if they had seen him vanish , the humans would think they 'd imagined it . 
 murdoch materialized in a back alley several blocks away , then walked to the quarter 's main thoroughfare , bourbon street . 
 as he moved among the crowds , a warm breeze tripped down the street , dissipating the swampy haze and the fumes from food vendor stands . 
 warm . 
 in february . 
 good hunting weather . 
 yes , nikolai would be merciless tonight , as would murdoch . 
 now all he needed was to find his prey . 
 the hunt is on . 
 i 'm being followed . 
 daniela the ice maiden furtively glanced over her shoulder once more . 
 again she spied nothing out of the ordinary - tourists milling , witches catcalling to human males - but danii could n't shake the feeling that she was being stalked . 
 which begged the question : what creature would be stupid enough to court a valkyrie 's wrath ? 
 maybe she was just spooked by nix 's cryptic remarks tonight . 
 nucking futs nix , her half sister and the valkyrie soothsayer , often made off-the-wall predictions . 
 but this one continued to replay in danii 's mind . 
 `` sad , sad daniela , the broken doll who wants to be fixed . 
 tonight she might . '' 
 because of danii 's pale , freezing skin - she was part icere - she was often likened to a porcelain doll . 
 well , because of her icy skin and because of what would happen to her if she grew overheated ... but a broken doll ? 
 what did that mean ? 
 and fixed - for good , for bad ? 
 what precisely would be fixed ? 
 she 'd told nix , `` i ca n't imagine what you 're talking about . 
 i 'm not broken '' - my lonely existence makes me want to tear my hair out - `` and i do n't know how i could be ` fixed . ' '' 
 perhaps by being able to finally touch another ? 
 to feel a man 's skin against her own without being burned , instead of constantly fantasizing about it ? 
 i would give anything . 
 yet the only males on earth who could touch her were the icere . 
 regrettably , they also happened to want her dead . 
 which meant the closest she 'd ever get to ha ** ng s * x would be reading about it in the many tomes of erotica she kept hidden in her room or by indulging in her rich fantasy life . 
 which also meant she was probably the world 's oldest virgin . 
 merely awaiting confirmation from guinness . 
 and people wonder why i prefer fantasy to reality . 
 her ears twitched with awareness . 
 no , she was n't simply spooked ; something was happening . 
 her senses were alert . 
 hastening her pace , she carefully wound around the people on the street , negotiating the ninety-eight-point-six degree gauntlet . 
 even the briefest contact with another 's skin would burn her . 
 a conundrum , because she kept cool by baring lots of hers . 
 when her frosty breath fogged in the warm night air , she just stifled the urge to scream , and peeked over her shoulder once more . 
 this time she spotted a towering male , far behind her . 
 he was striking , looked to be mid-thirties . 
 but there was something unusual about him . 
 was he even human ? 
 new orleans was chock-full of lore beings . 
 he could be an immortal , maybe even the one trailing her . 
 at that moment , he was n't looking in her direction , so she took the opportunity to duck into an alley beside a hotel . 
 leaping up four stories to the hotel 's flat roof , she crossed to a low ledge wall overlooking the street , then crouched between two flags - one had a fleur-de-lis covered in beads , and the other said pardi gras ! 
 tilting her head , she studied the male below . 
 he had longish dark brown hair , cut negligently , with a lock falling over his forehead . 
 his face was fantasy-worthy , with a strong , masculine jaw and chin . 
 he wore tasteful clothes , a black button-down and jeans with a jacket that made her feel warm just looking at it . 
 she herself was wearing the thinnest backless dress she could find . 
 he strode with an air of confidence . 
 the male was gorgeous - and he knew it . 
 how could he not , with the women gaping at him ? 
 then she frowned . 
 he seemed oblivious to the prancing coeds in low-cut tops angling for his attention . 
 his body was big , muscular in a way that hinted at immortal , but what he was exactly eluded her . 
 considering his size , he was probably a demon , or even a lykae - those animals had begun prowling the valkyries ' turf as bold as they pleased . 
 or could he be ... a vampire ? 
 she trained her gaze on his chest , watching for the rise and fall of breaths . 
 seconds passed . 
 historically , the vampires had shunned louisiana . 
 yet on this night her valkyrie coven had heard that members of both warring vampire armies , the horde and the forbearers , could be out in the quarter . 
 what they did n't know was why . 
 his chest is still . 
 bingo . 
 vamp . 
 since his eyes were a normal gray and clear - not crazed and red with bloodlust - that meant he was a forbearer , one of an army who did n't drink blood straight from the flesh . 
 vampires who did n't kill . 
 at least , that was their mission statement . 
 the lore was still waiting to see how that worked out for them . 
 though danii knew she needed to report back on this sighting , she could n't take her gaze off him . 
 what was it about this vampire ? 
 she was aware of only two valkyrie who 'd ever been with his kind . 
 one still lived . 
 danii knew the danger ; so why this attraction ? 
 yes , he was breathtakingly cocky , with his leading-man face and broad shoulders , but she 'd never been so absorbed by a male . 
 not a real one , anyway . 
 broken-doll daniela ... wanted . 
 him . 
 a vampire . 
 when he was almost directly below her , she noticed that he seemed burdened , preoccupied even . 
 hardly the expression of someone who 'd been stalking her . 
 but if he had n't been , then who - the unmistakable twang of bowstrings sounded behind her . 
 she dove for cover , and a swarm of arrows sliced the air where she 'd been standing . 
 a second volley skittered against the brick where her head had just been , ricocheting off the low ledge wall . 
 she recognized the creosote-like scent of the arrowheads . 
 poison on the tips , fire poison . 
 which could only kill ice creatures like her . 
 oh , gods . 
 without looking back , she vaulted over the side of the roof . 
 when she landed in the alley below , she tore off at a sprint . 
 the bows , the poisoned arrow-heads - this was n't a lykae threat . 
 not a vampire attacking . 
 icere assassins were hunting her . 
 my mother 's people . 
 how had they found her ? 
 no choice but to flee , knew she could n't remain to fight . 
 these assassins traveled in bands , and the number of arrows indicated at least half a dozen men . 
 even as she raced directly toward the mortal gauntlet , her mind rebelled . 
 she had n't seen another of her kind in centuries . 
 i thought i 'd be safe from them here . 
 her only hope was to outrun them , yet she knew how fast they would be . 
 like her , they were born of the fey - she dashed right in front of the vampire , nearly knocking him over . 
 chapter 2 murdoch had just rubbed the back of his neck , then peered upward , convinced he was being watched . 
 he 'd spied nothing , started on his way again ... and almost ran over a small blonde in a skimpy backless dress . 
 with lightning speed , she darted in front of him , sparing him the briefest glance . 
 he caught a glimpse of high cheekbones and alarmed silvery eyes before she sped across the main thoroughfare toward another alley . 
 a pointed ear had peeked out through the wild spill of her long fair hair . 
 pointed ears , silver irises , running too fast to be a human . 
 an immortal - possibly one of them . 
 that glimpse of her was all it took , and the chase was on . 
 he hurriedly followed her into the alley , then traced , vanishing and materializing ever closer to her . 
 though small , she was swift as she navigated through a maze of shadowy blocks , heading toward the river . 
 he was barely gaining on her . 
 what kind of being could run as fast as a vampire could trace ? 
 as he neared , he made out finer details of her appearance . 
 her legs were taut and shapely under her short dress . 
 her bared back and arms were slim . 
 she wore silver bands above her elbows , and elaborate braids threaded her long hair . 
 she seemed foreign , unusual . 
 like women from faraway lands in olden times . 
 i ca n't wait to get a better look from the front . 
 that thought threw him . 
 since the night he 'd been turned into a vampire three hundred years ago , he 'd had no interest in women , no need for them , just as he never reacted to the scent or sight of food . 
 why would i give a damn about what her front looks like ? 
 he would wrest information from her . 
 he could do little else . 
 his body was deadened . 
 and he preferred it that way . 
 just then , she glanced over her shoulder as she ran , and he caught sight of her elven face once again . 
 those pointed ears ... several factions in the lore had them , at least that he knew of . 
 valkyrie were among them . 
 he was becoming more and more convinced he 'd found his quarry . 
 but she seemed to have lost sight of him altogether , focusing in another direction . 
 with each minute that passed , they traveled deeper into a decaying labyrinth of abandoned warehouses and stacks of railcars . 
 finally she was slowing . 
 she stumbled in a puddle , then tripped on the corner of a shipping pallet . 
 he stopped tracing and began running toward her . 
 he was close enough to hear her heart drumming , her gasping breaths . 
 the valkyrie his brother had encountered had known no fear of vampires . 
 maybe in the last five years they 'd learned they had reason to flee from one . 
 the thought made him pursue her with even more excitement . 
 his vampire instincts rushed to the fore . 
 the thrill of the chase overwhelmed him , and murdoch played with her , letting her lope until she tired . 
 just as he decided to end this , he turned a corner after her , running into a four-way crossing . 
 there was no sign of her . 
 only silence . 
 danii crouched on the second floor of a storm-ravaged warehouse , struggling to catch her breath and shuddering from heat . 
 she still could n't believe the icere were here . 
 she 'd thought she was safe living in such a warm climate , believing they 'd never look for her this close to the equator . 
 like the icere , danii did n't sweat . 
 unlike them , she could go into thermal shock if she grew overheated . 
 but she was more accustomed to the temperature here than they were . 
 and she knew every twist and turn of these downtown streets . 
 as long as she did n't catch a fire arrow , she could handle the icere . 
 the vampire was another matter entirely . 
 when she 'd seen him tracing after her , she 'd gaped in disbelief that yet another pursuer had joined the chase . 
 a clear-eyed vampire , a true forbearer . 
 though hidden , she could still see him from this vantage . 
 with a narrowed gaze , he turned in circles below , determining her direction . 
 any superficial and misguided attraction she 'd felt for him was drowned out by annoyance . 
 if this male would just move on , the icere likely would n't find her here . 
 otherwise , he was going to get her killed . 
 the assassins would separate to trap her , driving her with the threat of those poisoned arrows . 
 they would n't lob their notorious ice grenades at her - they 'd lose valuable cold and she 'd simply take the impact with a smile on her face as she soaked the chill into herself . 
 but those arrows ... tipped with a poison that ravaged through an ice being 's veins like liquid fire . 
 i would know . 
 this was n't the first time a faraway icere king had dispatched killers after danii , the rightful icere queen ... instead of leaving , the vampire called out in a deep voice , `` i know you 're here . '' 
 his words were thickly accented . 
 russian ? 
 perhaps estonian . 
 `` you 're a valkyrie , are you not ? '' 
 he stilled , listening for her . 
 `` if so , you 'll want to know that my brother just captured myst the coveted . '' 
 myst . 
 danii loved all her half sisters equally , but she owed myst . 
 wait ... a forbearer 's brother had taken her ? 
 there was one forbearer - an estonian - who wanted myst above all others : nikolai wroth , the overlord . 
 he 'd done myst wrong , but then she had definitely retaliated . 
 and the overlord had brothers . 
 danii had to find out what had happened to her sister . 
 if nikolai alone had her , then myst probably would n't be in danger , since she was his bride . 
 but if nikolai had surrendered her to the forbearer king ... i have to know . 
 danii could trap the male below in a cocoon of crushing ice , then question him , but how much more cold - and time - could she stand to lose ? 
 `` why do you cower ? '' 
 anger blazed off him . 
 `` a true valkyrie would face me . '' 
 true valkyrie ? 
 his taunt struck home , like a jab at an exposed nerve . 
 she wanted nothing more than to be like her half sisters . 
 to enjoy all the things they took for granted . 
 broken doll ... she rose unsteadily , crossed to a gap in the wall , then stepped out . 
 at once , his gaze locked on her , following her down . 
 his lips parted , revealing barely visible fangs , but he made no move to close the thirty or so feet between them . 
 had she truly thought the gray of his eyes was normal ? 
 recognition seemed to flare in them . 
 recognition ? 
 but how ? 
 she 'd never seen him before - she 'd definitely have remembered . 
 his gaze was focused ... predatory . 
 then his irises turned black . 
 black in a vampire meant intense emotion . 
 yet his earlier fury seemed to be fading . 
 as they stared at each other , all other sounds - the eerie thrum of barges churning the river , the distant screech of streetcars - were drowned out . 
 `` my brother warned me that your kind are vicious . '' 
 his voice went even lower as he frowned . 
 `` i can not see you as so . '' 
 `` where is my sister , vampire ? '' 
 `` i can take you to her , valkyrie . '' 
 i 'll bet . 
 yes , the male before her was a forbearer , which meant that he was clueless among the lore . 
 he 'd have no idea how dangerous danii in particular could be . 
 chapter 3 a living , breathing valkyrie stood before him . 
 and she was so stunningly beautiful ... murdoch 's view of her front had proved far more rewarding than he 'd imagined . 
 he shook himself . 
 was she one of those who 'd shot nikolai ? 
 had she been there to laugh at the idea of his brother 's agony ? 
 for some reason , he could n't imagine her like that . 
 he knew she was an enemy - one among an army of females who sought the annihilation of all vampires - and nikolai had just warned him not to underestimate them . 
 but this one looked even more fragile than myst . 
 though her features and lithe body were perfection , her blond locks were tangled around her pointed ears , and dust smudged her cheeks . 
 her face was feverishly red , and she was subtly swaying on her feet . 
 she looked sad and miserable . 
 and spooked . 
 chasing a female who feared him sat ill . 
 nikolai had sworn they were taunting , sadistic warriors . 
 yet this creature had hidden from him - after fleeing as if her life depended on it . 
 `` listen , valkyrie , i do n't want to hurt you . 
 i just have some questions for you to answer . '' 
 she raised her hand , but lifted no weapon . 
 instead , she flattened her palm just below her lips as if to blow a kiss good-bye . 
 the breath that left her mouth looked like a cloud of frost , surging forward , surrounding him . 
 ice flash-froze around his boots . 
 he could n't move his legs . 
 could n't break free . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 her breath continued to surround him , ice growing up past his knees , climbing to his thighs . 
 then she coughed , bending over and rocking on her feet . 
 the buildup stopped , leaving him fettered by this bizarre binding . 
 he strained against the ice , which seemed stronger than any he 'd ever known , but he was unable to break free or trace from it . 
 `` take - this - away . '' 
 she stalked closer . 
 `` who has myst now ? 
 nikolai or the forbearer king ? '' 
 `` how do you know my brother 's name ? '' 
 `` nikolai or the king ? '' 
 he spied the points of her ears twitching , and her gaze darted past him . 
 just as she hissed at something behind him , he heard movement and twisted his upper body around . 
 there stood half a dozen men , large viking-looking warriors , with swords at their sides and arrows already nocked to the strings of their raised bows . 
 their breaths smoked in the warm night air and their ears were pointed . 
 she has n't been fleeing from me - arrows darkened the air around him , whizzing past his head . 
 they 'd aimed for her . 
 but somehow she was twisting to dodge the onslaught . 
 whirling around in the air , she turned to dart into another alley , her speed incomprehensible . 
 then she was gone . 
 his hands shot down to claw his legs free , his fingers swiftly going numb . 
 just as the males behind him ran after her , murdoch heard more fighting . 
 there are two groups . 
 they 're organized , flushing her out . 
 ca n't get this f ** king ice off me . 
 suddenly , her small body came flying out of the intersecting alley before him . 
 thrown . 
 she 'd been thrown . 
 the force of her landing sent her skidding across the pavement . 
 as she stabbed her claws against the bricks to right herself , a cloud of arrows followed her . 
 the momentum took her out of his field of vision . 
 then an unfamiliar scent swept him up . 
 though his instinct told him it was blood , his mind rebelled . 
 never had it smelled so exquisite . 
 so irresistible . 
 at last murdoch broke free , tracing to intercept her . 
 when he reappeared , his every muscle tensed in an instant . 
 the scent had been blood - hers . 
 she was kneeling in a pool of it , her chest full of arrows . 
 one of the males was holding her up by her hair , speaking in some foreign tongue . 
 in his other hand , he held a glowing red blade . 
 she gazed up at murdoch as crimson streams snaked from her wounds to the dirty street . 
 they 'd done this to her ? 
 what had you been about to do to her ? 
 his vampire nature warred with memories of the man he 'd been ... - i would never have hurt her . 
 - she was my prey . 
 they stole her from me . 
 my prize . 
 just ... mine . 
 at the thought of those men loosing their arrows at her , the idea of her pain and fear , rage erupted in him . 
 the need to protect her , to destroy those who sought to harm her , burned within him . 
 mine . 
 two realizations struck him . 
 this strange female belonged to him alone . 
 and these killers would die before they relinquished her . 
 her gaze held murdoch 's , and she weakly extended her small hand . 
 with tears running from her silvery eyes , she spoke , a whisper directed to him , loud above all sounds . 
 `` mercy . '' 
 chapter 4 will he help me ? 
 emotions warred on the vampire 's face . 
 danii saw them with her vision flickering . 
 the poison was taking hold , leaching away her precious reserves of cold . 
 so hot ... felt like she was cooking from the inside . 
 when she 'd faced him earlier , he 'd been filled with anger . 
 now his brows had drawn together at the sight of her injuries . 
 he grated , `` mercy ? '' 
 then something seemed to ... snap . 
 his fists clenched , and he bared his sharpened fangs . 
 his body appeared to get even bigger . 
 `` i 'm going to give you their heads , female . '' 
 why would he ? 
 and how ? 
 the vampire did n't understand how deadly these icere were . 
 they were expert bowmen , their fey speed unmatched in the lore . 
 and there were too many of them . 
 at least eight stood between the vampire and her . 
 they were already building ice grenades in their palms . 
 with an unholy roar , the vampire charged , half tracing , half sprinting . 
 five of the icere rushed to intercept him , lobbing grenades with lethal speed . 
 but he dodged each volley , and the ice the warriors had just surrendered exploded all around him in the alley . 
 like some living thing , a freezing glaze crawled over the battered brick walls , skittering all the way up to the fire escapes , coating the street . 
 the vampire clashed with the wall of icere , battling his way to her , slashing through the warriors with a startling brutality . 
 when he snatched one 's jugular and blood arced out like a fountain in the night , her iceren captor began to drag her away by her hair . 
 the poison had weakened her , but she still fought him . 
 her claws sank into his arm and tore , rending skin and bone , all but severing it . 
 he yelled in pain and dropped her hair to take his knife in his good hand , shoving it against her neck . 
 the blade 's heat seared her skin , and a scream erupted from her chest . 
 in answer , a savage bellow sounded ; she and her captor looked up just in time to see the vampire flying at him . 
 one second the knife was at her throat . 
 in the next , the vampire had wrenched the iceren 's head free . 
 the others took up their bows and charged him as one , the sound of their bowstrings louder than their footfalls . 
 the impact of the arrows slammed the vampire against a glazed wall , shattering the ice . 
 he roared with fury , his arms twisting back to pull the arrows free . 
 just as he tore all but one of them from his body , the icere were upon him . 
 she could see him grappling again and again to get to her , yet they kept hold of him , preventing him from tracing . 
 danii tried to crawl away from the skirmish , but the arrows jutting from her chest made movement impossible , and the poison was too strong . 
 if she did n't get them out soon ... thermal shock . 
 a nightmare way to die . 
 she was about to be executed , and for no reason . 
 she did n't want her crown , only wanted to be left in peace - her would-be savior stumbled . 
 from the ice coating the street ? 
 no , he seemed to be fighting some inner possession . 
 what 's wrong with him ? 
 i ca n't think ... one iceren punched the end of the remaining arrow until it pierced through the vampire 's torso . 
 he tore it from himself , but another 's sword slashed his leg . 
 blood poured from his wounds . 
 there 're too many of them . 
 as if he read her thoughts , the vampire caught her gaze . 
 a last look for both of them ? 
 `` touch their skin , '' she cried . 
 though clearly confused by her words , he grasped one around the neck under the male 's collar . 
 the iceren bellowed in pain . 
 the vampire 's lips curled at the sound . 
 baring his wicked fangs , he laid his palm on another 's face . 
 a hand-shaped brand pressed into the iceren 's skin . 
 seeming fresh to the fray , the vampire grew even stronger - and more vicious , appearing intent on making it hurt as he dispatched them . 
 soon scattered limbs littered the alley at gruesome angles . 
 he easily separated heads from savaged necks , yelling as if with pleasure as the blood flowed . 
 yet he never bit them . 
 she saw he truly did forbear , and still he was somehow defeating them , sustaining injuries he did n't seem to feel , wound after wound that barely slowed him . 
 as he faced off against the last one standing , she wondered how much of the blood covering him was his own . 
 but one of the iceren the vampire had felled was n't dead . 
 he 'd clamped his neck , stemming the rush of blood . 
 unseen behind the vampire , he struggled to his feet and silently collected his sword . 
 `` look out ! '' 
 at her warning , he twisted around . 
 the one he 'd been fighting tackled him in a wrestler 's grip from behind , holding him for the one with the sword . 
 oh , no , no ... she 'd be damned if she 'd let this warrior vampire die . 
 a weapon , she needed a weapon . 
 her gaze fell to her chest , to the six arrows riddling it . 
 was she strong enough to do this ? 
 she gritted her teeth and fisted one of the bloody arrow shafts . 
 choking back a scream , she wrested it from her body . 
 the pain made her vision waver , her muscles going limp . 
 no ! 
 fight ! 
 holding the feathered end , she threw it like a knife . 
 it skewered the swordsman 's neck . 
 the last thing she saw was the vampire snapping his head back to smash the face of the one holding him , breaking free to snatch up a sword . 
 when she forced her lids open once more , he was staggering toward her , his fangs still bared , his eyes black amid the blood covering his face . 
 he 'd savaged them and now was stalking closer to her . 
 yet she was unafraid . 
 he 'd told her he was going to give her their heads . 
 and he had . 
 dropping to his knees beside her , he reached for her wrist . 
 she shrank from him , but not quickly enough to prevent contact . 
 when she cried out , he jerked his hand away , gaping at the burn mark he 'd left on her skin . 
 `` no ... ca n't be . '' 
 his tone was rough , almost snarling . 
 `` you 're like them ? 
 but you 're a valkyrie ! '' 
 she blinked up at him . 
 `` part ... ice fey . '' 
 in that growl of a voice , he repeated , `` you 're like them . '' 
 the big male was so unsure , so confounded by her nature . 
 `` i 'll burn you ? '' 
 she nodded weakly . 
 `` is there no way i can touch you ? '' 
 `` n-never . '' 
 `` who can tend to you , then ? 
 do you live in new orleans ? 
 with other valkyrie ? '' 
 `` they 'll kill you . '' 
 if the vampire brought her to her coven , her sisters would behead him on sight and ask questions later . 
 besides , she did n't have that kind of time . 
 if this vampire did n't save her ... i 'm going to shatter like ice . 
 chapter 5 with effort , the female whispered , `` you ... help me . '' 
 `` how ? 
 when i 'll burn you ? '' 
 ca n't comprehend this . 
 she 's blooded me , this odd little creature whose skin ca n't be touched . 
 no , she could n't be his bride . 
 he could n't be blooded . 
 but his breaths mocked him , his thundering heart a constant reminder . 
 when his heart had first beat in the midst of the fight , it had sounded like an explosion , stunning him and nearly costing him his life . 
 he 'd inhaled , shuddering as air flooded his untried lungs , filling him with renewed strength . 
 even now he was dizzy from his injuries , but his body still felt strong . 
 `` i 'll try to find nikolai - myst will be with him . 
 she 'll better know what to do . '' 
 his brother had described what happened when he 'd been blooded , so murdoch knew what to expect physically . 
 but nikolai had neglected to tell him that instinct , raw and bare , would take over . 
 `` you , please . 
 arrows poison to me . 
 no time . '' 
 poison ? 
 no , she could n't die like this . 
 if she was a valkyrie , then she was immortal . 
 but what did he know ? 
 he also had n't thought a valkyrie could be burned by his touch . 
 he ripped away the bottom of his shirt and wrapped his hands , then gently scooped her into his arms . 
 though their skin never touched , the movement jostled the arrows , making her whimper in pain . 
 he clenched his jaw , wanting to slaughter those f ** ks all over again , to punish them slowly . 
 `` why trust me with this ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 why did she want him to care for her ? 
 why would she think him capable of it ? 
 she tried to focus on his face , her silvery eyes going blank . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know why . '' 
 `` you 'll probably regret trusting me with your life . '' 
 in answer , she went limp , helpless in his arms . 
 lord jadian the cold , general of the icere , had watched the conflict impassively from his vantage in a warehouse above the street . 
 in his long life , he 'd fought against vampires countless times , and he had the scars to prove it . 
 but the one below had been stronger , faster . 
 now it crouched over daniela the ice maiden . 
 crouched protectively . 
 an unlikely ally for the female ? 
 after tonight , there was no doubt that daniela was icere ; it was bred into every line of her . 
 but she was also fierce like the valkyrie - she 'd wrenched a fire arrow from her own chest to cast at her enemy . 
 he knew exactly how powerful that poison was , had harvested it himself from a fire demoness 's horns . 
 yes , daniela was strong . 
 as her mother queen svana had been . 
 when the vampire below disappeared with her , jadian leapt down to collect the fire blade . 
 it would n't do to lose it - the same knife had been used to take svana the great 's head . 
 jadian planned to wield it again . 
 he turned from the carnage , ignoring the low creatures that had already begun feeding on his fallen comrades . 
 he walked on with the knowledge that daniela was a threat that could no longer be ignored . 
 just as danii dimly perceived a bed beneath her , pain exploded in her chest . 
 she woke to her own screaming , writhing in agony , bucking away from the source . 
 `` easy , girl , '' the vampire 's deep voice intoned . 
 `` have to get this dress off you . '' 
 she cracked open her lids , found herself on a mattress on the floor in some dark-paneled room . 
 the vampire was surveying her with eyes the color of obsidian , a knife in one of his gloved hands . 
 he 'd put gloves on ? 
 good vampire . 
 `` in kristoff 's castle ? '' 
 `` how did you - ? 
 no , we 're not there . '' 
 he finished slashing away the rest of her dress , leaving her in panties . 
 he 'd already removed her boots . 
 `` we 're in a mill outside new orleans . '' 
 he set aside the knife , seeming more uncomfortable with her nudity than she was . 
 with a swallow , he wrapped his fist around an arrow just above her breast . 
 he used his other hand to press her shoulder into the mattress . 
 `` we 'll count to three . '' 
 she met his eyes and nodded . 
 his gaze was frenzied , yet it comforted her . 
 never looking away , she gritted her teeth . 
 `` one ... two - '' yank . 
 she choked on a scream , and lightning exploded just outside the house . 
 his eyes darted around uneasily as he tossed the arrow to the floor . 
 between panting breaths , she cried , `` remind me ... to teach you ... to count . '' 
 `` are you ready for another ? '' 
 was she ? 
 how much more pain could she take ? 
 `` think of something else , girl . '' 
 he clutched another arrow . 
 `` or tell me your name . '' 
 another yank , another scream swallowed . 
 outside , lightning flashed once more , and thunder rocked the roof timbers . 
 he warily gazed upward before his attention settled on another arrow . 
 as he worked the next shaft free - this one was lodged in her sternum - she clenched her fists into the sheets , fighting not to twist from him . 
 the arrowhead grated against bone as it finally gave way . 
 `` your name , '' he demanded . 
 she gasped out , `` daniela . '' 
 `` daniela . '' 
 he gave a tight nod . 
 `` beautiful name for a beautiful girl . '' 
 she choked on a hysterical laugh , sending her into a wet coughing fit . 
 blood bubbled from her mouth when she uttered , `` beautiful ... kidding ? '' 
 his expression darkened . 
 `` i only meant that you 're lovely in form , or you would be - never mind . '' 
 `` you 're ... skeevy . '' 
 he gazed away , looking like he was mentally cursing himself . 
 after such a long life , she was going to die of poison in the care of a crazed , skeevy vampire who could n't count . 
 `` my name is murdoch wroth . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he was brother to nikolai , which meant he was one of the wroths , four estonian warlords famous in their time for their ruthless defense of their country . 
 five years ago , the valkyrie had learned from myst that two of the brothers had been turned to vampires . 
 nikolai and ... murdoch . 
 `` how could you know my name ? '' 
 she tried to shrug , but only grimaced . 
 he let it drop . 
 `` two more to go . 
 who were those men who did this to you ? '' 
 `` you would n't know them - '' yank . 
 her vision began to flicker again . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 had he smoothed a gloved hand over her hair ? 
 `` only one left , '' he said , then added in a murmur , `` brave girl . '' 
 for some reason , she felt a rush of pride that he saw her as brave . 
 she 'd been weakened for so long , exiled from the very ice that made her stronger . 
 she struggled to remain conscious , wavering in and out . 
 `` will more of them be coming for you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they always do . 
 sooner or later . '' 
 `` why would they want to kill you ? '' 
 she mumbled , `` i was born . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` ca n't tell you ... ` bout the lore . '' 
 `` because i 'm a forbearer ? '' 
 this plainly infuriated him . 
 `` you think myst wo n't be telling nikolai your secrets ? '' 
 `` you think ... they 'll be talking tonight ? '' 
 he frowned as if she was confusing him , or more like she was throwing him . 
 `` last arrow . '' 
 this one was wedged under her collarbone , refusing to come out . 
 `` almost finished , sweet . '' 
 he pinned her to the mattress , twisting and pulling as she bit back a shriek . 
 `` just hold on . '' 
 finally , it gave way in a rush of blood . 
 `` there . '' 
 he threw it aside . 
 `` now what do i do ? '' 
 she lay stunned , panting raggedly . 
 too late ... even with the arrows removed , too much poison remained inside her . 
 she started convulsing from the heat , could n't stop . 
 `` daniela , tell me ! '' 
 in her two thousand years of living , she 'd never been this hot . 
 ah , gods , thermal shock . 
 death by shattering . 
 just as she 'd been warned as a girl . 
 porcelain doll . 
 the starkest fear she 'd ever known welled inside her . 
 she weakly grabbed his shirt . 
 `` shock . 
 put me in ... ice bath . '' 
 `` shock - what do you mean ? '' '' 
 ` bout to ... die . '' 
 chapter 6 murdoch swooped her up so fast his wounded leg almost gave way . 
 in a flash , he traced her to the bathroom . 
 inside , he began running a cold bath . 
 once he 'd settled her in the large tub , he traced to a gas station , returning a few moments later with stolen bags of ice . 
 as he ripped open the bags to dump their contents into the water , he muttered , `` this feels wrong to me . 
 goes against everything i know . '' 
 because she was like nothing he 'd ever known . 
 am i truly covering a half-naked , critically injured female with ice ? 
 but when she was up to her neck in it , she sighed in relief . 
 the cold was n't bracing or painful to her - it was clearly soothing , making her drowsy . 
 her shuddering lessened , and her expression calmed . 
 when the fear in her eyes ebbed ... he did n't even want to think about the relief he felt to see that . 
 `` are you still in danger from the poison ? '' 
 `` nothing else can be done . '' 
 she frowned , her gaze unfocused . 
 `` you 're injured . '' 
 `` it 's nothing , '' he gruffly replied . 
 `` take care of yourself , vampire - '' her lids fluttered , and then she was out . 
 sleeping . 
 in ice . 
 he could n't reconcile this coldness in her . 
 she was like nothing he 'd ever dreamed . 
 but it did n't matter if he understood her . 
 even if she appeared more comfortable , she was n't out of danger . 
 her face was still flushed angrily . 
 if cold was good for her , then she needed more of it . 
 he traced to the thermostat , turning on the air-conditioning full force . 
 though he did n't want to leave her - not to drink from the supply of blood he kept in the kitchen , nor to bandage his own wounds - he traced for more ice , stuffing the freezer full . 
 that task completed , he watched over her , beginning the most anxious vigil he 'd held since the night his entire family had died , one by one . 
 as he paced the spacious bathroom , he could n't take his gaze off her . 
 though daniela had found him skeevy for remarking on her looks , he could see past her injuries . 
 she was lovely , no doubt of it . 
 she had long flaxen hair , spreading past her shoulders and down to cover her br ** sts . 
 her lips were softly plump , parted around her shallow breaths . 
 lush lips . 
 he imagined pressing his own over them , then teasing her tongue with his . 
 with a start , he realized he was growing hard for her . 
 he groaned . 
 my first erection in three hundred years . 
 the erection he 'd been hoping to avoid . 
 christ , i am truly blooded ? 
 by a. . . 
 valkyrie . 
 they were warlike , many rumored to be half crazed . 
 to be tied forever to a woman like that - and one he could never touch ? 
 a living hell . 
 no , surely there had to be a way for him to touch her , to claim her . 
 or would this one leave him in agony as myst had nikolai ? 
 he crossed to the tub , crouching beside her , his injured leg screaming in protest . 
 ignoring that wound , he took her hand in his gloved ones , examining it . 
 so delicate . 
 but he 'd seen her fragile-looking claws slash through a male 's bone this night . 
 he released her hand to cup icy water and pour it over her hair , smoothing blood from the strands . 
 then he clumsily unthreaded her braids and rinsed them . 
 why this care ? 
 because it kept his mind off his fear for her - and his apprehension about his future . 
 so he continued to run ice over the bruises on her shoulders and arms . 
 gradually , the hectic red of her face diminished , leaving pale , alabaster skin . 
 her breaths started to smoke . 
 as her wounds began to close seamlessly , his own pain increased . 
 he 'd been losing blood from his many injuries , did n't know how he could still be conscious . 
 before , he 'd been too concerned with keeping her alive to think about much of anything else . 
 now he became acutely aware that her blood was all over him , marking his bed and the arrows on the floor . 
 the scent was like nothing he 'd ever known . 
 thirst lashed him like a whip . 
 his shaft shot harder . 
 damn it , ignore it . 
 his gaze trailed the lines of her jaw , her dainty pointed ears , her neck . 
 drinking straight from the flesh was against the laws of his order , because living blood carried the victim 's memories , which in turn maddened vampires . 
 their enemies in the horde , the fallen , had all gone red-eyed with insanity . 
 what if he lost control and bit her ? 
 every male in his order feared becoming one of the fallen . 
 murdoch was no different , but breaking that law had never even been a consideration for him . 
 he 'd never understood the temptation . 
 until now . 
 am i going to make it to dawn without taking her neck ? 
 he had to . 
 the damage i would do to her ... earlier , her wrist had all but sizzled beneath his palm . 
 what would happen to her tender neck under his fangs and lips as he pinned her down ? 
 would he burn her as he licked her flesh in ecstasy ? 
 tearing his eyes away , he shot to his feet , tracing to the bedroom . 
 he scooped up the arrows and stained bedding and pitched them outside . 
 while he was there , he shed his torn jacket . 
 then he traced to the refrigerator , pouring a cup of blood . 
 though he was depleted from his injuries , when he tried to drink , it tasted like dirt . 
 he forced himself to swallow . 
 damn it , get the cup down . 
 ignore this lust , blood and otherwise . 
 after managing barely half of the contents , he returned , gazing down at her face . 
 she lay so still , her blond-tipped lashes a sweep against her pale cheeks . 
 the mere idea of hurting her sent him reeling . 
 he needed to protect her . 
 without opening her eyes , she whispered on a frosty breath , `` murdoch ? '' 
 `` do you need more ice ? '' 
 he quickly asked . 
 most of it had melted , but the wounds that had marred her chest were practically healed . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do you want to get out of the water ? '' 
 in answer , she lifted her arms to him . 
 he frowned . 
 so trusting , so vulnerable . 
 he gathered her against his chest , then traced her back to his bed . 
 still holding her , he grabbed a towel for her to lie on . 
 her br ** sts moved against his arm as he laid her down , and his c ** k shot even harder . 
 for three hundred years , murdoch had had no interest in women 's br ** sts . 
 now he nearly growled with pleasure . 
 drawing back , he saw that her eyes were open , half-lidded . 
 gone was the silver . 
 they were an aquamarine almost too vivid to be real . 
 `` when i slept , i did n't dream of them . 
 i dreamed of you . '' 
 she sounded delirious . 
 `` vampire , are you going to stay with me ? '' 
 he 'd wanted to capture a valkyrie and get her to talk . 
 why not now ? 
 `` yes , i 'll stay with you . '' 
 this seemed to comfort her , and her eyes slid closed again , but he knew she was still awake . 
 `` daniela ? 
 who were the men who attacked you ? '' 
 he recalled the blade and the male 's intoned words that had sounded like a sentencing . 
 tonight 's attack had been an assassination attempt . 
 `` the icere , the fey of the north . '' 
 `` why did they want to hurt you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` was n't the first time . 
 i stay on the move . 
 just two centuries ago , he sent a troop , but i was able to get away . '' 
 `` who sent them ? '' 
 she was more than two hundred years old ? 
 `` their king , sigmund . 
 this time they surprised me . 
 'cause i was distracted . '' 
 `` what distracted you ? '' 
 she grinned but said nothing . 
 `` why do they want you dead ? 
 daniela ? '' 
 when she pressed her lips together , he knew she would n't tell him more about this subject , so he decided to move on to a new one . 
 nikolai had described the other valkyrie he 'd encountered . 
 one had had skin that glowed , and one had been a supernatural archer . 
 this female was some kind of ice creature . 
 perhaps all the valkyrie had overarching similarities , but they could be born of different species . 
 `` daniela , your sister myst is not cold like you . 
 why ? '' 
 without opening her eyes , she murmured , `` we share a set of parents . 
 but one of our mothers is different . '' 
 `` one of your mothers ? 
 an adoptive mother ? '' 
 `` no . 
 have three parents . '' 
 she 's delirious . 
 or was she ? 
 one thing he 'd learned about the lore was that nothing made sense to him . 
 the laws of the lore defied the laws of nature . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 when she seemed to be going back under , he gave her shoulder a gentle shake . 
 her blond brows drew together . 
 `` woden and freya struck my mother with lightning to bring her back to life . 
 i was in the lightning . 
 the three are my parents . '' 
 no , she 's definitely delirious . 
 `` myst was born of woden , freya , and a human pict . '' 
 picts ? 
 they 'd lived centuries ago . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` two thousand or so . '' 
 `` two thousand . '' '' 
 'm a pisces . '' 
 `` i see . 
 why did you want to know whether myst was with kristoff or nikolai ? '' 
 she softly answered , `` myst likes nikolai . 
 if he 's nice tonight , he 's going to be plus-one with a valkyrie . '' 
 `` nice tonight ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 murdoch suspected his brother would be many things with myst . 
 nice was not among the possibilities . 
 feeling an unaccountable flare of guilt , he traced to the kitchen , returning with a glass of water for daniela . 
 he lifted it to her lips , but she turned her head away . 
 `` do n't drink . '' 
 `` it 's just water . '' 
 `` do n't drink anything . '' 
 `` i suppose you do n't eat either . '' 
 `` un-unh . '' 
 if any of this was true ... he needed to talk to nikolai - `` murdoch ? '' 
 her eyes were open once more , and they were focused on his mouth . 
 `` you have the most kissable lips i 've ever seen . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` and would you like to kiss me ? 
 if you could ? '' 
 `` if i started ... i do n't think i 'd ever stop . '' 
 her words were throaty , so damned enticing . 
 she was n't a warrior , she was a temptress . 
 and a lesser man could get snared if he was n't careful . 
 her lids slid closed again . 
 she seemed to be in that delirious state where the mind did n't want to cede to oblivion . 
 she eased her arm over her head , those sexy bracelets clanking , and the damp locks covering her chest fell away , revealing her perfect br ** sts . 
 they were little , but high and so plump that he ached to sink his fangs into one . 
 instead , he dug a fang into his bottom lip . 
 he imagined the blood seeping on his tongue was hers . 
 he pictured how her br ** sts would bounce as he f ** ked her . 
 these lustful thoughts were so unfamiliar , so futile . 
 she would never be beneath him . 
 he angrily palmed his erection behind his jeans , which he knew was a risk , because the worse his arousal grew , the worse it would stay - if he could n't get her to relieve him of it . 
 just this once , he would need her to break the seal . 
 then he could go on his way , satisfying himself with others . 
 in his human life , he 'd had women falling all over themselves to attract his notice . 
 whenever he had n't been on the battlefield , he 'd been cradled between a woman 's thighs , and had grown notorious for his skills in bed . 
 but if none of the tricks he 'd learned would work on daniela , then how could he seduce her to ease him of this burden - `` murdoch , '' she sleepily sighed , `` my panties are wet . '' 
 a shaky exhalation of breath . 
 `` are they , then ? '' 
 had his voice broken ? 
 she wriggled her h * ps as if she wanted them off her . 
 with a hard swallow , he reached forward and dragged the scrap of lace down , revealing silky blond curls . 
 another groan , another coarse swipe over his shaft . 
 too much temptation . 
 he was about to fall on her , to mount the soft body na ** d before him . 
 three centuries he 'd been denied this . 
 his fangs were throbbing along with his cock . 
 he wanted to bury anything he could inside her . 
 with a sharp shake of his head , he snatched up a sheet to toss over her . 
 when it glided across her ni ** les , they budded against it . 
 he studied the ceiling , desperate not to see the way her ni ** les strained into the material . 
 then he sank into the room 's one chair , but just as abruptly shot to his feet to pace again . 
 he itched to stroke her , to explore the dream woman in his bed . 
 fight the arousal . 
 resist it - she kicked off the sheet . 
 he rushed to draw it back up to her neck . 
 `` keep this here , valkyrie . '' 
 more restless pacing . 
 with a huff , she kicked the sheet away once more . 
 god , could she be any lovelier ? 
 he ran his hand over his mouth . 
 `` damn it , daniela . 
 it might be a fraction warmer , but it 's a world safer for you . '' 
 had he drawn up the sheet more slowly , skimming it across her ni ** les on purpose ? 
 yet again , she rid herself of the sheet , but this time she drew one knee up . 
 he saw her sex parted and nearly went to his knees . 
 never to taste her there ? 
 fury suffused him . 
 never to see those blond curls damp from his mouth or wet with his seed ? 
 never to claim his bride . 
 why the f ** k had she blooded him then ? 
 he traced to the bathroom , stripped , then stepped under a cold shower . 
 he scrubbed his body with no care for his many wounds . 
 this blooding business was the most ridiculous rot murdoch had ever heard of . 
 a woman had to bring him to life , and then he was expected to be bound to that one female - not for a year or a decade . 
 not even for a mortal 's married lifetime . 
 for eternity . 
 he 'd had no choice in the matter , none whatsoever in the choosing of the female . 
 what if he did n't like delicate-looking blondes ? 
 as a mortal , he 'd been attracted to buxom barmaids , and milkmaids , and kitchen maids , and the occasional shepherdess - robust women with hearty carnal appetites . 
 for his bride , he 'd gotten daniela , the exquisitely fine but untouchable valkyrie . 
 as he ran the soap down his torso , his hand brushed his rampant cock . 
 unremembered pleasure shot through him like an electric current . 
 he was as hard as he 'd ever been , aching to come . 
 when he gripped his shaft in his fist , a strangled sound of need burst from his chest . 
 he gave a stroke up to the crown and back . 
 felt so good , he had to do it again , and again . 
 masturbating for the first time in centuries . 
 his eyes slid shut when he perceived his se ** n welling . 
 in a rational part of his mind , he knew it could n't go further without her ; she had to unleash this within him . 
 resentment warred with his ecstasy - if she left him like this , he would be crippled by this lust . 
 but everything else within was greedy for the pleasure . 
 uncaring , lost , he thrust hard into his fist . 
 chapter 7 when danii woke to the drum of an air conditioner chugging full blast , she found herself alone - and naked . 
 as she blinked in the shade-darkened room , foggy memories from the night before began to surface . 
 she remembered the vampire 's savagery in the fight . 
 she recalled him later gazing down at her in the bathtub with his brows drawn , his face pale from blood loss . 
 how doggedly he 'd kept watch over her . 
 but after that , nothing . 
 once the poison had begun working its way from her system , she 'd blanked . 
 so ... naked ? 
 she was certain he 'd put her in the tub with her panties on . 
 now he 'd seen her completely unclothed . 
 had he liked what he 'd seen ? 
 no , as an unblooded vampire , he 'd have no interest . 
 a cursory survey of her body revealed a mass of twinges , but her wounds had mended for the most part , leaving only a closing tear just below her collarbone . 
 her temperature was still high , but would gradually drop each day . 
 she inspected her wrist where he 'd grabbed her . 
 the burn had healed as well . 
 even after all these centuries , she was surprised by the degree of pain involved with skin to skin contact . 
 for some reason , it was always the worst . 
 she could skirt a car exhaust and only suffer a lingering sting . 
 but another 's skin against hers was like fire ... she gazed around the spartan room . 
 considering the still unpacked duffel bag and sparse furnishings - a lounge chair , a desk , and the mattress - this definitely was n't a permanent home . 
 danii knew the forbearers lived in the sinister mount oblak castle . 
 so what was he doing here ? 
 over the drone of the air conditioner , she heard the shower going . 
 the vampire had n't left her ? 
 she recalled the injuries he 'd sustained taking out eight of those icere bastards , remembering that he 'd been hurt much worse than she 'd initially thought . 
 she did n't know how he 'd still been standing , much less how he 'd cared for her . 
 if not for him , she would have died . 
 the poison would have taken hold until even her immortality could n't have saved her . 
 he had saved her . 
 she grinned . 
 no longer did she think him skeevy . 
 when blood had been everywhere and danii helpless before him , murdoch had n't even tried to drink from her . 
 and valkyrie blood was supposed to be irresistible to vampires . 
 myst had confided to danii that she 'd given a drop to nikolai the overlord five years ago , and he 'd been wild for it . 
 oh , myst ... what should danii do about her sister 's abduction ? 
 myst , who 'd once done her a favor so great that she could never repay it . 
 the answer seemed obvious . 
 call nix and tell her to launch a search and a war if need be . 
 murdoch had a satellite phone on his desk . 
 but earlier , he 'd said he could take danii to her sister - because myst would be with nikolai . 
 so the two of them were together . 
 likely only the two of them . 
 making up for lost time . 
 if danii called the coven about this , she 'd unleash a shrieking battle contingent to bust down the door of the vampire 's love nest . 
 what would her sister want her to do ? 
 the facts : myst was a master manipulator and enchantress . 
 no valkyrie was better at getting men to do her bidding . 
 she could handle nikolai . 
 another fact : at the news that forbearer vamps had been spotted in the city , myst had been excited , her green eyes alight . 
 before setting out to hunt them , she 'd checked and rechecked her hair . 
 myst , it seemed , was already half in love with nikolai . 
 and if nikolai was a fraction as thoughtful and gentle as his brother ... i 'll get more information from murdoch before i make a move . 
 with that decided , danii rose from the mattress on the floor - typical vampire , craving to sleep as low to the ground as possible - and crossed to his closet . 
 contrary to popular belief , she was n't shy , but she still rooted through his duffel bag for something to wear . 
 she and murdoch had serious things to discuss , their siblings ' situation , for one , and she did n't want to do it naked . 
 even if he would have no interest in her that way . 
 she grabbed a black t-shirt and dragged it on , though it swallowed her , then explored his room . 
 as she rummaged through his things , she found his wallet . 
 she 'd known who he was , but it was still a shock to see credit cards in the name of a warlord who 'd `` perished '' in the great northern war three hundred years ago . 
 likewise , seeing his sword belt lying next to his satellite phone was a jolt . 
 danii knew much about him and his three brothers ; most of the lore did . 
 the valkyrie had had a correspondent in the field to cover the war , and she 'd reported back on all the wroths ' heroic - and ruthless - deeds as they 'd defended estonia against the russians . 
 the four had been so merciless that even the creatures of the lore had started paying attention . 
 she recalled that the wroths all differed drastically in personality . 
 nikolai was the self-sacrificing general , sebastian the quiet warrior-scholar , conrad the mysterious one . 
 and murdoch ? 
 well , he was the ladies ' man , a practiced seducer . 
 or he had been , but no longer , now that he was an unblooded vampire . 
 what a waste . 
 the world just did n't have enough broad-shouldered seducers with piercing gray eyes . 
 she sighed , predicting that this male would star in all her future fantasies . 
 yes , danii had a rich and complex fantasy life . 
 while all her sisters were preoccupied with their latest lovers or intrigues , she listened and watched . 
 daniela the watcher , observing and imagining . 
 forever a spectator . 
 but not tonight . 
 she finally had a secret . 
 she thought ... she thought she might be growing infatuated with the vampire , even though her kind had a bitter history with his . 
 wars , deceptions , atrocities . 
 aside from myst , the only other valkyrie who 'd been with a vampire had borne him a child - then died of sorrow shortly after . 
 danii could lie to herself and say that murdoch made it easy to forget he was a vampire . 
 yet in truth , she was aware of that every second with him . 
 she simply did n't give a damn what he was . 
 for two thousand years , the icere had tried to destroy her , either outright with attempts to execute her or with bounty hunters insinuating themselves into her life . 
 she 'd never met an icere male that she trusted enough to be with . 
 two millennia of stark loneliness did not a discerning valkyrie make . 
 the broken doll wanted to be fixed . 
 and somehow , she knew murdoch was part of her journey . 
 even the fact that he was a vampire would n't sway her . 
 what he is ca n't compete with the possibility of what he could be - she heard a stifled groan from the shower . 
 ah , gods , he 's still hurt . 
 she dropped the wallet , racing for him . 
 just inside the bathroom , she stopped short . 
 there was no steam , so she could see straight into the tiled shower stall above the half wall screening it - could see cold water sluicing over his broad chest , drops trickling over the indentations of his rock-hard torso . 
 her lips parted , and her claws curled with desire . 
 her half sister regin liked her men young , dumb , and hung , as she put it . 
 danii now knew her type : vampire with an adonis physique . 
 and she did n't say that lightly . 
 she knew adonis well . 
 murdoch was leaning back , staring up at the ceiling , one brawny arm flexing as he washed himself . 
 stubble shadowed his lean cheeks . 
 she could see the trail of hair descending from his navel , but not where it ended because of the half wall . 
 her ears were twitching . 
 a warning ? 
 but why ? 
 `` murdoch , are you hurt ? '' 
 his arm stilled . 
 when he met her eyes , she saw that his irises were black , burning with some hidden emotion . 
 his gaze dipped . 
 why is he surveying my body ? 
 stingy about his shirt ? 
 `` i borrowed this . 
 hope you do n't mind . '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 `` okay , then , '' she said absently , distracted by the broad expanse of his chest . 
 he had a few battle wounds from the icere and a couple of old scars - not unexpected , since he 'd been a warrior as a mortal , too . 
 but his skin was surprisingly tanned . 
 gods , she wanted to sweep her palms over those sculpted planes . 
 she gazed at him greedily , taking in details - this would make choice fantasy fodder . 
 wait . 
 had his chest just risen with a. . . 
 breath ? 
 no , it could n't be . 
 her ears twitched again , and even over the sound of the water , she heard his heart beating , strong and fast . 
 her mind could scarcely comprehend this . 
 he 'd been unblooded before , but now ... `` wh-what 's happened ? '' 
 in a husky voice , he said , `` come see . '' 
 as she blankly moved to the edge of the stall , he pressed his hands against the walls to lean forward , his chiseled muscles bunching and taut - his engorged shaft extended straight out from his body . 
 she gaped at his size . 
 he was glorious . 
 and he had n't been washing himself as his strong arm flexed . 
 `` i blooded you ? '' 
 if so , that would mean his erection was for her , and her alone . 
 in answer to that hardness , her sex grew moist for it . 
 any lingering aches from her injuries were fading , no match for her mounting desire . 
 `` you 're ... my bride . '' 
 he sounded angered by the fact . 
 maybe his need was making his tone sharp ? 
 of course , that was it . 
 what vampire would n't want to be blooded ? 
 `` do you know what 's happening ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he gave a curt nod , leaning against the back wall again , under the water . 
 `` some . 
 from my brother . '' 
 `` when did you realize this ? '' 
 `` during the fight . '' 
 poor vampire , how long had he been like this ? 
 he already appeared on the verge of coming , his shaft visibly pulsing . 
 his sac looked laden , as if it ached . 
 she wanted to cup it with both hands . 
 `` god , i can feel your eyes on me . '' 
 his erection jerked , straining forward into the shower 's spray . 
 he tilted his h * ps until his shaft hit a hard jet of water , which , judging by his slack-jawed expression , felt incredible . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` d-do you know what needs to happen now ? '' 
 he choked out the words , `` been trying . '' 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 he groaned , `` hours ... '' if everything she 'd heard about their kind was true , why had n't he been on top of her , releasing the pressure he was feeling ? 
 he was hurting - so she would n't have to . 
 a pang squeezed her heart . 
 but if he had n't been able to achieve his release by now , he was definitely going to have to touch her . 
 she already dreaded that grueling pain . 
 no , there must be some way around that . 
 maybe he could touch her hair ? 
 if so , then game on . 
 they 'd figure something out . 
 and then she would have a memory to replace the one of the last time she 'd been na ** d with a man . 
 she shook herself , ruthlessly pushing that thought away . 
 excitement began overwhelming her dread . 
 a flesh-and-blood male wanted her . 
 he knew her nature , and he still would need to be near her . 
 around her sisters , danii acted as if she could n't care less that she was untouched . 
 she assumed her ice queen persona , donning a cold cloak of indifference whenever they gossiped about their bed partners . 
 in truth , danii was desperate for contact . 
 at the very least , she yearned for companionship . 
 this god of a male was linked to her by fate . 
 i lived through the night , and a gorgeous , virile immortal needs me . 
 sad , sad daniela just got happy , happy . 
 murdoch 's body was tensed to spring for her if she chose to run . 
 valkyrie hated his kind . 
 this one would not be pleased by this development . 
 he racked his brain for what to say to her . 
 normally , he would just take her hand and drag her into the shower for a deep kiss until she 'd gone weak-kneed and mindless . 
 in the past , he 'd controlled situations with women . 
 i lead , and they follow . 
 how to get her from here to his bed ? 
 `` daniela ... i. . . 
 you have blooded me . '' 
 even to himself , he sounded accusing . 
 `` you do n't sound too thrilled about that . '' 
 `` because i 'm not . '' 
 damn it , where 's my smoothness ? 
 he 'd never in memory said the wrong thing to women , had always been able to sense exactly what they wanted to hear . 
 i have no idea what this one wants to hear . 
 her expression was inscrutable . 
 at one instant she looked shy and vulnerable , at another ravenous . 
 he could n't read her , could hardly think . 
 would she run ? 
 if so , what would he do ? 
 he tried to moderate his tone . 
 `` i would n't have chosen to involve you in this , but i have had no control over it . '' 
 still his anger thrummed in his words . 
 she blinked at him . 
 `` lines like this got you laid as a human ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 no . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that your brain is scrambled right about now , and i 'm probably the first female you 've ever encountered that you do n't know what to do with . 
 i 'm familiar with your reputation , murdoch . '' 
 `` how ? 
 i do n't - '' `` let 's talk after there 's no chance of you blowing this with me . '' 
 when had the valkyrie 's voice grown so sultry ? 
 `` so , do you want to go see if you ca n't work that '' - she pointed at his erection - `` out ? '' 
 his jaw slackened . 
 `` you will stay until i can spend ? '' 
 say yes ... say yes ... her gaze was lascivious , dancing over his body , all traces of the shy valkyrie gone . 
 `` would n't miss it for the world . '' 
 when she tossed him a towel and turned toward his bedroom , the legendary murdoch wroth dumbly followed , tripping over his own feet . 
 chapter 8 any self-respecting valkyrie would be figuring out how to kill the vampire . 
 being a bride was considered shameful , unless you murdered the offending leech - which was the usual protocol . 
 but danii ? 
 she was exaggerating the swish of her h * ps as the newly blooded vampire followed her to his bed . 
 playing with fire . 
 it had a totally new meaning for danii . 
 in a husky rasp from directly behind her , he said , `` i thought you would run from me . '' 
 his voice was just at her ear , giving her delicious shivers . 
 he was so close she thought his erection would prod her , but he 'd slung the towel around his waist . 
 `` uh-uh . '' 
 she knelt on his bed , then curled her forefinger in invitation . 
 at once , he dropped to his knees before her , running his gaze over her . 
 danii was n't shy , did n't know many immortals who were . 
 and considering how long she 'd been waiting for a night like this - fantasizing about it - she 'd be damned if she let her lack of expertise detract from the experience . 
 yet even now , he did n't know how to proceed . 
 `` i want to seduce you ... but i ca n't kiss you ... ca n't stroke you . '' 
 she 'd stumped a living legend . 
 danii was just contrary enough to be gratified by this . 
 `` there 's no need to seduce me . 
 i 've already signed my name on your roster . '' 
 he frowned at that , then said , `` but there must be a way for me to have you . '' 
 she shook her head sadly . 
 she 'd consulted the witches and had been told that one of them might be able to help once she came into her powers , which could take hundreds of years . 
 she 'd begged the valkyrie soothsayer nix to foresee a way around this curse of coldness . 
 nix had told her to simply accept herself and everything would work out . 
 that 'd been eight centuries ago . 
 suspicion tinged his expression . 
 `` if there was a way , would you tell me ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` would n't have to . 
 you 'd already be inside me . '' 
 his lips parted , displaying his white teeth and fangs . 
 `` another valkyrie teasing a vampire . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not teasing . 
 i 'm just imagining it . '' 
 at that , his shaft jerked between them , distending against the towel . 
 `` looks like it wants attention . '' 
 she did n't ogle penises in person every day , not even every decade . 
 `` the towel off , please . 
 i 'd like to see it . '' 
 up close and at her leisure . 
 he raised his brows , but did reach for the towel . 
 once he bared himself , danii 's gaze descended along the trail of crisp black hair that led to the base of his erection . 
 his thick length jutted boldly from his body , the crown swollen and taut . 
 perfection . 
 `` will you stroke it in front of me , vampire ? '' 
 at her words , he made a guttural sound , and a drop of moisture beaded on the head . 
 she stared as he cupped his shaft in his palm , holding her breath as he slowly closed his fingers over it . 
 finally he gave it a stroke . 
 the sight made her go soft , her sex getting even wetter . 
 her ni ** les stiffened beneath his t-shirt . 
 and he noticed . 
 `` show me your br ** sts . '' 
 when she pulled off her borrowed shirt , he inhaled sharply . 
 `` so beautiful . '' 
 he reached his free hand forward to touch one , but she flinched before he could . 
 with a curse , he closed his hand and drew it back . 
 `` too easy to forget . '' 
 `` you ca n't forget , vampire . 
 if we must touch , it 's got to be brief . 
 otherwise ... '' he dragged his gaze from her chest to her face . 
 `` do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 tenderness bloomed anew within her , along with the strongest desire she 'd ever felt . 
 `` i believe that . '' 
 `` you 'll touch them for me . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 powerless to deny him , she raised her hands to her br ** sts . 
 as she petted them , pressing them together , his eyes grew even more excited , frenzied even . 
 `` that 's it , daniela . '' 
 she knew her br ** sts were small , but right now they felt heavy , lush . 
 when he stared at the peaks and ran his tongue over one of his fangs , she gave a little moan . 
 `` let me see you play with your ni ** les . '' 
 danii had lots of experience touching herself . 
 she brushed her thumbs over them again and again until they puckered tight . 
 `` daniela ! '' 
 his fist moved faster . 
 `` spread your knees . '' 
 once she did , he commanded , `` touch your sex . '' 
 without hesitation , she slid her hand down her belly , slipping a finger to her folds . 
 his breaths were coming more quickly . 
 `` are you wet ? '' 
 `` very , '' she murmured . 
 another groan . 
 `` i wish i could taste you , lick you . '' 
 his voice had grown huskier . 
 `` show me where you 'd want me to kiss you . '' 
 getting caught up , she spread her knees even wider , then circled a finger over her clitoris . 
 `` here . '' 
 `` slower . 
 rub it slower . '' 
 she lazily flicked , gasping , `` like this ? '' 
 `` ah , god , yes ! '' 
 his eyes were awash in black as he stared , his fist pumping faster . 
 `` what would you want me to do to you ? '' 
 what would a master seducer like ? 
 with his free hand , he drew the pad of his forefinger along the sensitive slit in the crown . 
 `` you 'd run your tongue over me here . '' 
 when more drops of moisture slicked the swollen head , he spread them around with his thumb . 
 `` tasting me , before you sucked my shaft between your lips . '' 
 the idea that he wanted her to know his taste made her mouth water . 
 she yearned to lick him there , then to take that broad crown into her mouth , suckling it so deep ... when her tongue dabbed at her lip , he groaned , `` almost do n't want to know what you 're thinking . '' 
 he seemed to be going out of his head with lust , stroking himself over and over . 
 gaze locked on her busy fingers , he fondled his heavy testicles with his other hand . 
 when his brawny chest heaved with exertion , sweat lovingly trailed over the rises and falls of his bulging muscles - the most erotic scene she 'd ever witnessed . 
 he switched hands as one arm grew weak . 
 visibly frustrated , he reached out . 
 `` just want to touch your hair . '' 
 she held herself still for him , and he wrapped a long strand around his palm . 
 bringing it to his face , he inhaled deeply . 
 `` your scent drives me mad . '' 
 he made hoarse sounds of pain , but he still could n't come . 
 daniela did n't want to see him suffer . 
 and he was in agony , stroking so fast she could barely see his hand . 
 `` you 're going to hurt yourself . '' 
 she knew that the more she healed , the colder she would become . 
 right now , his touch would n't be as excruciating as usual . 
 `` you have to touch me , vampire . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` lie back and open your thighs . 
 i 'm close . 
 if you come for me ... '' the valkyrie nodded , then lay back , wantonly spreading her glistening sex . 
 he would give anything to feed his c ** k inside it . 
 anything . 
 when she undulated her hips , he could see how ready she was . 
 her abandon aroused him like nothing ever had . 
 for hours , he 'd been kept on edge . 
 now to see this ? 
 `` need inside you so bad , valkyrie . '' 
 her lids went heavy and she panted , those tight br ** sts bobbing . 
 `` bury myself so deep in you , '' he grated . 
 `` fill you with my seed ... i would n't stop until you begged me . '' 
 when he cupped and tugged his sac , she masturbated faster . 
 `` inside . 
 slip your finger inside . '' 
 once she did , he leaned down to rasp right at her ear , `` fuck yourself with it . '' 
 he drew back to watch . 
 `` does that feel good ? '' 
 `` ah , yes ! '' 
 `` then another finger inside . '' 
 her voice was so sexy as she cried , `` i 'm about to ... come . '' 
 lightning bombarded the mill . 
 `` thrust faster , harder . 
 do n't stop till i tell you . '' 
 as she began to cl ** ax , she arched her back , crying out . 
 her thighs fell open in utter surrender . 
 eyes riveted to her sex , he gnashed his teeth , tortured with need . 
 he helplessly f ** ked his fist as her orgasm went on and on . 
 her head thrashed on the bed , her body writhing to the motion of her fingers . 
 he still had n't told her to stop , would n't . 
 he was tormented ; so would she be . 
 `` murdoch , i ca n't take more ! '' 
 finally , she curled on her side , still trembling , her hands between her thighs . 
 when the tremors eventually relented , danii gazed up at him . 
 during her pleasure , she 'd heard him growl in pain . 
 now he was in even more misery . 
 `` vampire , just touch me ! '' 
 `` do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` kiss my br ** sts . '' 
 she went up on her knees , cupping her br ** sts to him in offer . 
 `` put your lips on my nipple . '' 
 `` valkyrie , '' he bit out in defeat . 
 he leaned down , about to press his mouth to her flesh . 
 she steeled herself against the coming pain - with a ragged groan , he pulled back , forcefully shaking his head . 
 no . 
 no more of this . 
 her hand shot out and covered his fist around his shaft . 
 she cried out , and he jerked from the shock of cold . 
 the contact was scorching , a firebrand against her , even as he grated , `` cold ... so cold ! '' 
 tears welled . 
 `` do n't stop , murdoch ! '' 
 keeping her hand on him took every ounce of will , like holding her hand to a flame . 
 burning , burning , her skin seared . 
 pain , dizzying ... `` going to come ! '' 
 his tone was awed as he began to ejaculate . 
 `` ah , god , finally ! 
 daniela ... '' through tears , she watched him bucking into their hands , his every muscle strained in anguish . 
 his expression was agonized , those fangs sharp and glinting . 
 when his seed erupted from him , he yelled to the ceiling . 
 his massive body in throes , he came onto the bed , pumping out his jets of se ** n so hard she could feel them . 
 chapter 9 they lay back , both gulping breaths . 
 murdoch was struggling to recover from the most pleasure he 'd ever experienced - and the hardest , most powerful ejaculation he 'd ever imagined . 
 the release had been mind-numbing , but perhaps all immortal sex was better . 
 if one had stronger senses , then why would n't sex be heightened as well ? 
 with one need met , another instantly screamed within him . 
 he 'd lost blood the night before and had n't come close to replacing it . 
 he could still smell hers all around them . 
 ignore it . 
 he turned to her . 
 she was cradling her burned hand , her eyes still wet . 
 when their skin had made contact , hers had felt like ice , definitely uncomfortable to him . 
 his skin had made her cry . 
 yet earlier , when he 'd been tearing poisoned arrows from her flesh , there 'd been no tears . 
 `` let me see it , '' he grated . 
 she reluctantly showed him her blistered palm , and he winced , guilt assailing him . 
 he rose to get ice for her , but was so unsteady he wondered if he could even trace to the kitchen . 
 with effort , he made it to the refrigerator , saw the containers of blood there . 
 so thirsty ... he felt a mad urge to annihilate his supply . 
 just get her the ice . 
 she 's burned because of you . 
 ice . 
 before now , he 'd never much thought about it . 
 yet it had been his bride 's salvation . 
 what would have happened if he had n't gotten her cooled last night ? 
 would an immortal like her truly have died ? 
 returning with a paper towel filled with ice cubes , he handed it to her , careful not to make contact - or to glance at her neck . 
 she closed her hand around a couple of cubes and sighed in relief . 
 after a few moments , she peeked up under her lashes at him . 
 `` so what happens with us now ? '' 
 the shy valkyrie was back ? 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 `` this is out of the realm of my experience . '' 
 as her pain faded , her expression showed hints of excitement . 
 she looked optimistic . 
 no doubt , she thought they were embarking on something . 
 females always had in the past . 
 no matter how much he warned them that he would never settle down . 
 embarking with daniela - a woman he could never bed ? 
 i 'd be consigning myself to misery . 
 he just needed time to think about all this . 
 he rose and yanked on his jeans , grimacing as the material scraped over his abused shaft . 
 she must have sensed his tension , because she dropped the ice and defensively bundled the sheet to cover herself . 
 after a few moments , she said , `` you 've lost a lot of blood . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 been in worse shape . '' 
 `` i expect so , since you died and all . '' 
 he turned to her . 
 `` and you know how i came to be like this ? '' 
 when she nodded , he said , `` tell me , then . '' 
 `` king kristoff found you dying on a battlefield . 
 he gave you a choice of fealty to him and eternal life - or death . 
 that 's what kristoff does , what he 's always done . '' 
 fealty or death . 
 murdoch remembered that night as if it were yesterday . 
 kristoff had found nikolai first , in a pool of his own congealing blood . 
 but nikolai had n't feared death , so he 'd negotiated with kristoff before he would accept the king 's offer . 
 he 'd demanded to be a general in the forbearer army , refusing to take orders from anyone but kristoff himself . 
 and he 'd wanted murdoch and any trusted comrades with mortal wounds turned as well . 
 nikolai had also demanded the span of a human 's lifetime to watch over their four younger sisters , their two younger brothers , and their father . 
 they 'd all been dead in a matter of weeks . 
 murdoch ran his hands through his hair . 
 `` tell me how you knew who i was . '' 
 `` the valkyrie heard forbearers were going to be out in the city . 
 when you told me your brother had captured myst , i put it together . 
 he 's the forbearer most likely to search for her . '' 
 now that murdoch had experienced for mere hours the hell that nikolai had endured for years , he was furious anew with myst . 
 daniela 's sister . 
 `` should n't he have searched for myst ? '' 
 when daniela nodded blithely , he frowned . 
 `` and should n't you be demanding that nikolai free her ? '' 
 she gave him a vulnerable grin . 
 `` if nikolai is half as sensual as you are , i would n't be doing her any favors to get her freed . 
 i 'm sure they 've come to an understanding by now . '' 
 the valkyrie was throwing him . 
 again . 
 too much to take in . 
 a new bride . 
 a hunger like he 'd never known ... he gazed at her neck once more . 
 her skin was pale , smooth , begging for his fangs . 
 `` besides , the more i think about it , '' she continued , `` the more i realize you should probably be rescuing your brother from her . 
 she 's going to twist him inside out . '' 
 murdoch shook himself . 
 `` she 's already done that . 
 she tormented him for five years . '' 
 his anger was growing , matching his thirst and exhaustion . 
 `` i barely got through a few hours of needing to come - imagine half a decade ! '' 
 her pleased mien faded . 
 `` he deserved nothing less . '' 
 murdoch traced directly in front of her , staring down . 
 in a menacing tone , he said , `` did he ? 
 to be shot up , then left crippled by his bride ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes at him , possibly the first woman ever to do so . 
 `` either you do n't know all the facts or you 're ignoring them . 
 on the night that myst left nikolai , he was about to torture her for information in mount oblak 's dungeon . 
 our sisters rescued her from that fate , and they wanted to kill nikolai , but myst left him alive . 
 your brother owes her his life . '' 
 `` watch what you say , plika . '' 
 `` chit ? 
 you called me a chit ? '' 
 figured she 'd know estonian . 
 her own ire clearly mounting , she said , `` and what 'll happen if the plika does n't watch what she says ? 
 will you hurt me , your one and only bride ? '' 
 `` you think i 'm bound by this ? 
 bound to you ? '' 
 even as he sneered the words , he had to resist that unbearable pull toward her . 
 resent it . 
 `` you think that i 'll follow you around like a dog as you scorn me ? '' 
 his eyes kept straying to her neck . 
 would she notice ? 
 `` scorning you had n't even been in the decision tree for me , but now that you bring it up , it makes total sense , especially considering the repercussions otherwise , '' she said . 
 yet then she frowned . 
 `` wait a second . 
 i see what you 're doing . 
 trying to scare me off . '' 
 she rose , tucking the sheet around her like a towel . 
 `` look , i 'm as freaked out about this as you are . 
 but the fact is that i. . . 
 liked you , up until five minutes ago , and i wanted to see you again - even though i 'd be risking ridicule at best and ostracism at worst . '' 
 she took a step closer to him , that vulnerability in her expression . 
 `` i 'm sure this is all overwhelming for you . 
 one minute you 're going about your business , and the next you 're blooded with a bride - '' `` one i did n't choose . '' 
 he was taking his frustration out on her , and he could n't seem to stop . 
 `` i did n't manage monogamy as a human , though i could have wed my pick of the most ravishing women in my country . 
 how do you think i 'll fare with a female i ca n't touch ? '' 
 especially now that he could have others . 
 her eyes narrowed , and lightning struck outside . 
 `` monogamy ? 
 i 'm not angling for a wedding ! '' 
 all shades of that previous vulnerability were gone , replaced by haughtiness . 
 `` and if you do n't think i can hold my own against all those eighteenth-century mortals you were out tagging , then you 're a fool , casanova . '' 
 at his expression , she added , `` oh , yes , i know all about you . '' 
 he went still . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i was alive back then . 
 and all the lore heard about the ruthless warlord brothers from estonia . 
 the general , the scholar , the enigma , and ... the manwhore . '' 
 he clenched his jaw at the thought of having his life analyzed , especially by creatures he did n't even understand . 
 the forbearers could garner little information on lore beings - their lives held secret - and yet they 'd been actively following his own exploits ? 
 `` a manwhore ? '' 
 was that all he 'd been remembered as ? 
 `` maybe i left behind the women i 'd enjoyed because i did n't want to deal with exactly this . '' 
 even now he wanted to end this argument by kissing her and taking her to bed , which confused him even more . 
 `` it does n't take a genius to figure out that the hour we just shared was the best we ever will - it 's all going to go downhill from there . '' 
 `` you do n't have the sense to realize you were blooded by one of the only valkyrie who would accept a vampire in her bed . '' 
 `` to do precisely what there ? 
 freeze ? '' 
 in a flash , she drew back her blistered hand to slap him . 
 `` do it , ice queen . 
 and feel the sting with me . '' 
 lightning struck again as she lowered her hand . 
 `` you 're not worth it , leech , '' she said , but he was scarcely listening . 
 below her collarbone , a small line of blood had just risen from the last remnant of her wounds . 
 that stark red against her alabaster skin called to him , made him imagine following the trail with his tongue , then pinning her down to suck from her breast . 
 already the scent was all around him . 
 and now to see it ? 
 do n't look at it . 
 how the hell had nikolai restrained himself from biting myst all those years ago ? 
 murdoch 's hands fisted as he struggled not to fall upon daniela . 
 he 'd been able to resist touching her when under the most painful pressure he 'd ever dreamed of . 
 but i 'm not going to be able to deny this call ... chapter 10 how can this be happening ? 
 they 'd been doing so well . 
 fantasy made reality ... somewhat . 
 but now the vampire 's eyes had flooded black again . 
 so he was as angry as she was ? 
 danii turned from him to snag the t-shirt , donning it as she dropped the sheet . 
 when she met his gaze , he appeared even more incensed than before . 
 `` obviously , i need to leave , '' she said , while thinking , tell me i 'm your bride , and that i will be staying . 
 be an arrogant , possessive neanderthal vampire ! 
 she wanted him to simply inform her that he would never let her go and she would just have to accept that , or whatever domineering misguided tripe these manly men always said . 
 to women that are n't me . 
 this one would n't even look at her . 
 `` you need to go . 
 now . '' 
 kicking me to the curb . 
 she did n't know how much more of this her ego could take . 
 leeches were detested by most valkyrie - by most of the lore - yet danii had been ready to offer this one more . 
 he has no idea what i 'd been willing to risk for him . 
 `` i 'm a bit perplexed here . 
 most vampires refuse to be separated from their brides , yet you ca n't get rid of me fast enough . '' 
 because he no longer needed her . 
 danii had helped give him his initial release , her bride 's duty done , and now he could be with other females . 
 she was expendable . 
 but one day he would realize what he 'd lost - a frigid , broken female he could never claim , and one with skin issues - and then he 'd be sorry . 
 when her bottom lip trembled , she cursed herself bitterly . 
 do n't you cry in front of him ! 
 `` i thought you were going . '' 
 exasperation drowned out the urge to cry . 
 exactly how was she supposed to leave ? 
 she did n't have a car here , did n't even know where they were . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` not until you tell me why you 're so intent on getting rid of me . '' 
 his gaze was transfixed on her neck , his voice a snarl as he said , `` i 'm about to throw you to the ground . 
 take your blood in a frenzy . '' 
 `` b-but your kind does n't bite . '' 
 her lips parted , and she backed away with real fear . 
 `` i 'm not strong yet , murdoch . 
 if you did that , you could kill me . '' 
 his eyes went wide , then narrowed . 
 yet he 'd still begun striding toward her . 
 she backed to the wall . 
 can i spare enough cold to stop him ? 
 with a grimace , she started building ice in her palm , planning to trap him as she had before . 
 when he was just before her , he shook his head , his entire body going off balance . 
 with a last look at her face , he snapped , `` leave here . 
 before i return for you . '' 
 then he vanished . 
 how much time had passed since he 'd left her , murdoch did n't know . 
 hours , it seemed . 
 but only now was the ravening frenzy subsiding . 
 after leaving daniela , he 'd traced to his rooms at mount oblak , kristoff 's castle , then attacked his supply of blood like an animal . 
 now crimson was everywhere . 
 he stared at the smeared floor and counter . 
 my god , what would i have done to her ? 
 he was still astounded that he 'd been able to keep from touching those luscious br ** sts of hers - yet he could n't deny himself her neck ? 
 once he 'd caught his breath , he rinsed his body in the shower , then redressed . 
 having managed some level of sanity , he decided to go to blachmount . 
 returning to the time-ravaged manor was always uncomfortable - almost all of murdoch 's family had died within those walls - but he needed to talk to nikolai . 
 he traced to blachmount 's great room downstairs , listening for the sounds of fighting . 
 or otherwise . 
 the manor was silent . 
 frowning , he traced to the master chambers , and was stunned by what he saw . 
 nikolai and myst were sleeping together peacefully in the bed . 
 nikolai had his arms wrapped possessively around the valkyrie , and she was clutching his chest . 
 contentment suffused nikolai 's face , his visage markedly changed from the strain of the last several years . 
 he was still pale , still gaunt , but his face ... just as daniela had predicted , nikolai and myst had come to some kind of understanding . 
 i wonder if nikolai takes it for granted that he can hold his bride ? 
 with a start , murdoch realized that , for the first time , he was jealous of nikolai . 
 which shamed him . 
 he knew of no one who deserved this peace more than his brother . 
 seeing them like this eased much of his animosity toward myst . 
 no matter what had happened in the past , at this moment she was giving nikolai pleasure . 
 murdoch shook his head , no longer surprised that his brother had taken myst here . 
 nikolai always came to blachmount when he missed their family . 
 with this woman , he was planning to start a new one . 
 murdoch tried to imagine what it would be like to have a female belong to him alone , above all others ... and could n't . 
 it was n't meant to be for him . 
 he 'd driven his own bride away . 
 only now did murdoch recognize that he 'd taken his anger toward myst - and his frustration over the blooding - out on daniela . 
 who 'd done nothing to deserve his ire ; indeed , just the opposite . 
 but it did n't matter how he 'd driven her away . 
 only that he had . 
 this way was best . 
 he 'd just end up hurting her , had almost bitten her . 
 even after his brother 's five years of torture , nikolai had n't succumbed to bloodlust and bitten myst . 
 her neck was unmarked . 
 at that moment , nikolai drew his brows together and tightened his arms around his bride . 
 though he slept , nikolai still sensed another 's presence . 
 so murdoch traced back to the mill . 
 he held his breath as he materialized , not sure if he hoped daniela would still be there or not . 
 empty . 
 he ignored his baffling disappointment . 
 what 'd you expect ? 
 he 'd threatened her , insulted her - he spotted a piece of paper on his desk . 
 tripping in his haste to reach it , he snapped the note up and read : vampire , at some time in the future , you 're really going to want my number . 
 so i thought i would give you this : 867-5309 . 
 xoxo , daniela , the ice queen the words were embellished with whimsical hearts . 
 i have n't blown it . 
 relief sailed through him , so strong he sagged onto his mattress . 
 she 'll see me again . 
 he ignored the part of him that was filled with foreboding , the part still warning that she 'd be safer if she did n't . 
 when he felt the afternoon sun 's heavy reach over the earth , his lids grew heavy . 
 exhaustion caught up with him and , with her note clutched in his fist , he slept . 
 chapter 11 the cracked vinyl of the truck bench stuck to danii 's heated thighs , disgusting her even further . 
 her hands were clenched and a steady stream of lightning trailed her as she and farmer ted bounced along a pitted road , closing in on val hall , the manor that housed the new orleans coven of valkyrie . 
 earlier , once she 'd trudged a mile from the mill , in the heat of a louisiana noonday sun , she 'd eventually stumbled onto a desolate county highway - and an old farmer driving by in an even older truck . 
 after dashing in front of him in the road , begging for a ride , she 'd promptly deduced that farmer ted was a man of no words , communicating solely by strategic spitting of his tobacco chew . 
 with one healthy splat out of his truck window , he 'd agreed to drop her near home . 
 at least , she 'd translated that as an agreement . 
 before he could argue - that would just get untidy - she 'd clambered into the cab . 
 the one without air-conditioning that reeked of taxidermy and levi garrett tobacco . 
 if valkyrie ate , danii would be vomiting right now . 
 all because of that vampire . 
 the only thing getting her through this ordeal was the belief that murdoch would regret what he 'd done . 
 and the fact that she 'd left him a special number for when he returned . 
 the second he 'd vanished , she 'd rushed to the mill 's garage , agreeing that she needed to leave , stat . 
 rule to live by : if a vampire warns you he 's coming back to attack and possibly kill you , then you listen . 
 inside , she 'd found a classic porsche , refurbished and lovely , with a new maserati spyder beside it . 
 she 'd been eager to steal and trash either one , already planning to return the vehicle with a uv bulb in the overhead light . 
 but she could n't find the keys . 
 she 'd tried to call for help on his sat-phone , but the service was code-locked . 
 rather than stay and wait like an unwitting bag of o positive , she 'd scribbled her note and set out in her bloody boots , wearing damp underwear , the vamp 's t-shirt , and a cloak of rage that only a two-thousand-year-old valkyrie could pull off . 
 for so long , those in the lore had noted the differences between danii and her sisters - including danii . 
 but in truth , she had just as many valkyrie traits as she had icere . 
 most notably , danii possessed the valkyrie 's notorious pride and need for retribution . 
 like her sisters , if she was wronged , then gods help the subject of her wrath . 
 i 've so been wronged . 
 by the first vampire in history not to want his bride . 
 she did n't know if that said something about him - or about her . 
 if anyone found out she 'd been cast away by a forbearer , she would never live it down . 
 her only hope was that no one ever discovered her disgraceful morning . 
 to add insult to injury , she 'd also remembered him interrogating her . 
 while she 'd been filled with poison , he 'd been filled with questions . 
 her supposed white knight had taken advantage of her , and she could n't recall how much she 'd told him . 
 surely she had n't revealed any critical secrets or weaknesses ... stop thinking about him . 
 you have things to do . 
 like fleeing the city . 
 since none of the assassins from last night would be reporting back , king sigmund would soon send another icere contingent . 
 he would n't stop until he 'd killed her . 
 just as he 'd murdered the true queen of the iceren , svana the great , danii 's mother . 
 danii had to get home and pack , but she grew weary merely thinking about returning to val hall , weak and shamed , a vampire informer . 
 via farmer ted . 
 how could she face her sisters now ? 
 myst was still getting razzed for hooking up with nikolai five years ago , even by other lore factions . 
 having the aggressively omnisexual nymphs ridicule one 's choice of lover was about as low as one could get . 
 mysty the vampire layer was the butt of many a joke . 
 who was worse ? 
 myst , who 'd dabbled with a vampire , or danii , who 'd dabbled and had desperately wanted more ? 
 murdoch dreamed . 
 sometimes he dreamed of the sun , sometimes of old battles . 
 now he dreamed of his father , of walking in on him wet-eyed , clutching a portrait of murdoch 's mother on the fifth anniversary of her death . 
 murdoch had loved his mother , though she 'd been zealously religious , and he 'd grieved her loss , but his father had been left a broken shell of a man . 
 at first , murdoch had pitied him . 
 then he 'd scorned the father who had scant time for his family , who 'd all but orphaned his four young daughters with his neglect . 
 by this time , murdoch had been enjoying women for years , knew that they were always about when he needed one . 
 his father could have enjoyed the same - as a wealthy aristocrat , he could easily have found a woman to replace his departed wife . 
 `` get another one , '' murdoch had finally demanded , unable to comprehend what kind of hold the woman had over him . 
 his father had refused to move on , obsessed with her . 
 a woman 's death had broken a strong man ... the dream began to change . 
 murdoch found himself with daniela in a strange room made of ice walls . 
 but he felt no chill from it , no discomfort . 
 he placed his palms on either side of her ethereal face - without giving her pain . 
 when his thumbs brushed her delicate cheekbones , she smiled up at him , but her countenance was different . 
 everything about her had changed . 
 wisping ice crystals had formed in half-moon shapes at her temples . 
 more crystals spiked her lashes and tangled in her wild , shimmery hair . 
 her skin was even paler , her lips tinged with blue . 
 delicate cobalt-colored designs laced around her wrists and descended over her hands . 
 in his dream , he knew they ran across her lower back as well . 
 her eyes seemed to be filled with an ancient knowing , and they glowed as if banked with a blue fire . 
 she looked otherworldly . 
 like a completely alien being . 
 she is otherworldly ... `` do you want me ? '' 
 she whispered on a frosty breath , leading him to a bed in the center of the room . 
 he 'd never wanted anyone more . 
 `` i have to have you . '' 
 `` then take me , murdoch . '' 
 he was about to give her his standard warning , that this was only for a night . 
 he would n't be interested in more . 
 but she pressed her chill lips to his , stunning him with the cold - and with the pleasure . 
 perfection . 
 delicious . 
 he lost track of what he 'd been about to say . 
 as they kissed , he slipped her skimpy dress from her , then pressed her back on the bed . 
 he tugged her panties down , left her heels on . 
 sweeping his hands up her thighs , he spread her legs . 
 now that he could , he made a feast of her body for hours , licking her in secret places . 
 instead of her own fingers delving into her sex , his now thrust inside her . 
 he tormented her , first keeping her from coming , then forcing her to , over and over . 
 in his dream , he knew she 'd never been with another man . 
 he painstakingly prepared her body for his , determined to spare her pain as he claimed her virginity . 
 when he 'd been human , he 'd never been interested in virgins . 
 back then , much was taboo in his conservative country . 
 deflowering a maid one never intended to marry was virtually blasphemous . 
 so why was he continuing with daniela , positioning his h * ps between her pale thighs ? 
 why was he kissing her soft br ** sts , rubbing his face against them , sucking on those stiff ni ** les ? 
 did he want to be bound to her ? 
 one woman . 
 for more than even a mortal lifetime . 
 possibly forever . 
 these thoughts left him when the head of his c ** k found her wetness . 
 she softly cried , `` murdoch ... '' lightning fractured the night , the thunder booming all around them . 
 with a groan , he slowly rolled his h * ps up , pressing the crown inside her untried body ... the tightness , the connection . 
 when she gasped in his ear and made little whimpers of pleasure , he ran his mouth against her neck , licking her sweet skin , knowing he 'd take her blood this night . 
 he rode her harder , faster , shocked when she met his frantic thrusts with a hidden strength . 
 she dug her heels in to lift her hips , seating him even deeper inside her . 
 she told him she was about to come , and he was desperate to feel it . 
 her sheath began squeezing his throbbing cock , and the power of her orgasm sent his seed climbing . 
 the pressure would soon make him mindless . 
 his c ** k ached ; his fangs ached . 
 no amount of will could prevent him from bucking his h * ps to lose his se ** n. . . 
 or from piercing her neck . 
 with a yell , he sank his fangs into her tender flesh . 
 and it was like coming home . 
 `` murdoch ! '' 
 he felt her crying out as her blood filled his mouth , coursing through every cell in his body . 
 connection . 
 as the overwhelming urge to come inside her grew , he slammed his body between her legs . 
 growling against her neck , he began to ejaculate , spending so hard he knew she felt it inside her . 
 still sucking her blood , he flooded her womb . 
 once he was spent at last , he collapsed atop her , releasing his bite . 
 afterward , as their hearts pounded , he could n't seem to stop kissing her neck and murmuring praise in her ear . 
 this new bond between them was like nothing he 'd ever known . 
 yet she began fading , disappearing from him . 
 `` murdoch , what 's happening ? '' 
 the fear in her eyes was like the night before - stark , filling him with dread . 
 `` no ! 
 daniela , do n't go ... '' a strange voice in his mind whispered , `` how badly do you want her ? 
 what would you sacrifice ? '' 
 he woke to his own yelling , tracing to his feet . 
 with her number still in his hand , he snatched up the phone , staring at one , then the other as he caught his breath . 
 he shook his head hard . 
 what the hell was this ? 
 like a spell on him , making him behave in ways he normally would n't . 
 calm yourself . 
 think this through . 
 you have bloodlust for her . 
 he could n't control it . 
 he acknowledged that . 
 yet he kept remembering his brother 's contentment . 
 murdoch 's mind seized on the rightness of being with daniela in his dream . 
 think , just think ... as he debated , he stalled , tracing to the kitchen to drink blood , though he had no appetite , then showering . 
 he took time selecting which clothes he 'd wear for the night - in case he decided to meet her again . 
 in the end , murdoch found it impossible not to call her . 
 to hell with it . 
 he was strangely nervous as he picked up the phone . 
 after all , he 'd never contacted a woman for an assignation . 
 they 'd always come to him . 
 he 'd have to smooth-talk daniela , since he 'd left it so badly today . 
 that would n't be a problem . 
 he 'd been called silver-tongued by more than one lover in the past . 
 eight-six-seven-five-three-oh-nine - `` kristoff wishes to see you , '' a male said from behind him . 
 he hastily disconnected the call , then cast a scowl over his shoulder . 
 lukyan , a russian forbearer , leaned negligently against the doorframe . 
 murdoch did n't trust the former cossack . 
 not bothering to hide his irritation , he said , `` ca n't it wait ? '' 
 `` it 's about your brother . 
 you 're to go to blachmount . '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 lukyan 's expression was studiously blank . 
 `` he 's probably about to be executed . '' 
 chapter 12 danii had gotten into val hall undetected . 
 now i just have to get my things and get out . 
 although a couple dozen valkyrie lived here at any time , the manor was quiet this morning . 
 most were nocturnal , as was danii usually - it was cooler that way . 
 nix , the one half sister she wanted to see , was nowhere to be found . 
 upstairs , danii passed the most shaded chamber in val hall , belonging to emmaline , her beloved niece . 
 but she knew emma would be asleep as well . 
 it was day , and emma was vampire . 
 or half one . 
 no one knew who her vampire father was , and that information was n't likely forthcoming , since her valkyrie mother had died of sorrow decades ago . 
 gentle emma was the single vampire the valkyrie accepted . 
 though a blood drinker , she was so timid that she made it easy to overlook the vampirism . 
 emma was the exception ; murdoch was the rule . 
 just accept it . 
 he almost bit you ... danii reached her room , which was basically a giant freezer , and pushed open the heavy insulated door . 
 a blast of arctic air and the comforting drone of refrigeration met her . 
 she lived at val hall year-round . 
 but in the summer , even the meat locker - as her sisters called her room - was barely adequate for her needs . 
 there simply was no call for hundred-degree days . 
 closing the door behind her , she gazed around the spacious area . 
 she 'd decorated it with frost , glazing the walls with it . 
 icicles dripped from the blades of the ceiling fan . 
 valances of ice capped her windows . 
 she could n't say she loved it here , but she 'd adapted to life with her coven . 
 others could tolerate hours in the snow , but would seek a hearth at the end of the day . 
 danii was the same way with heat , except she sought the comfort of her meat locker . 
 her slushy waterbed was filled with saltwater , which lowered the freezing point to below thirty-two degrees . 
 above her bathtub was an ice maker , and beside it hung an epsom salt dispenser . 
 on occasion , she had to add salt to the water so that she did n't freeze it . 
 her ice-proofed computer was a military-spec laptop with a magnesium chassis and a sealed keyboard . 
 yes , she 'd adapted . 
 and she 'd felt some security living in such a warm climate . 
 i thought i was safe from sigmund here . 
 it should 've been the last place the icere would look . 
 the attack was another reason danii was avoiding her sisters . 
 if she told them about last night , they would insist on her staying - and them fighting . 
 but the icere were an enemy the valkyrie did n't need . 
 and one they could never find to defeat . 
 when danii had been a girl of seven , her mother svana had journeyed to icergard , the icere castle , to reclaim her crown from the vicious sigmund . 
 danii 's memories of this time were indistinct after the passage of so many years , but she remembered her mother saying , `` if i do n't return to you here , you must promise me , love , never to follow me . 
 never , never go to icergard . '' 
 she 'd made danii vow it . 
 svana had never returned . 
 before she 'd even made it to the castle , sigmund had assassinated her - the mother who 'd refused to linger endlessly in peace with her young daughter in the godplane of valhalla . 
 once danii had grown old enough to leave valhalla herself , he 'd dispatched killers after her to prevent her from ever challenging his reign . 
 as if she ever would . 
 over the centuries , she 'd considered breaking her vow to her mother , but only to gather her sisters and strike back at sigmund , freeing herself from his threat . 
 yet even if the valkyrie could find icergard - rumored to be hidden within the arctic circle beneath a dome of ice - they could never attack the castle without getting slaughtered . 
 sigmund was perfectly protected from the valkyrie , inadvertently utilizing their greatest weakness as his defense . 
 diamonds . 
 svana had told her they dotted the walls and perimeter fences . 
 though danii was immune , most valkyrie could be mesmerized by them . 
 with a sigh , she rose . 
 she needed to pack , and then she needed to find nix to ask the half mad soothsayer about three things : myst . 
 exactly what was supposed to have been fixed the night before . 
 and where danii should flee before the next wave of icere arrived . 
 there were eleven other valkyrie covens around the world that danii could choose from . 
 the latitude of the seattle coven had always intrigued her . 
 and then there was the one in new zealand . 
 fall approached down there . 
 yet as ever , danii hated to leave her own coven . 
 valkyrie visited others , but they always returned to their primary coven , like preferring an immediate family over an extended one . 
 plus , the new orleans valkyrie had plagued the others with practical jokes , which might make it awkward for danii to pop in . 
 she could just see herself telling the seattle valkyrie , `` i had nothing to do with signing you up for the emu farming franchise . 
 and i am sorry twenty of them were released in your pool house , startling your harem of cabana demons . 
 see nix . '' 
 tonight , the wily soothsayer would likely be downtown in the vieux carre . 
 so danii would be trolling bourbon street yet again . 
 her only consolation was that she would n't run into murdoch . 
 he and his brother had only been in new orleans to find myst . 
 good riddance . 
 damn it , why did never seeing him again matter to her ? 
 because he saved your life and surprised you repeatedly . 
 and she 'd enjoyed him , had liked what they 'd done together . 
 it was the first time she 'd had an orgasm with someone else in the room . 
 she grew aroused just recalling how he 'd worked the seed free from his shaft . 
 he 'd been na ** d in bed with her , his mighty chest heaving , yelling out as he came . 
 and now he was free to use those sensual lips to kiss another woman , could use that magnificent body to pleasure others . 
 she glanced at her claws . 
 they 'd straightened with aggression . 
 stop thinking about him , she told herself firmly as she crossed to one of the windows , brushing away a layer of frost . 
 as her gaze flickered over the lightning-scorched trees in the yard , a sense of melancholy fell over her . 
 i do n't want to leave . 
 in the window glass , danii spied her reflection . 
 she was exhausted , which meant there was a reddish tinge to her lips and under her eyes , instead of the blue that should be there . 
 her face was pinched . 
 she looked miserable . 
 tally yet another reason why the vampire had n't wanted to have anything to do with her . 
 well , other than biting and possibly killing her . 
 she glared down at her pale , icy skin . 
 never to be touched . 
 never without pain . 
 danii was stuck in this body , stuck in this rut . 
 most of her half sisters were fiercely independent - many were legendary warriors or love - 'em - and-leave - 'em jet-setters . 
 danii was just ... danii . 
 and she could admit she 'd longed for a male of her own , maybe to make a home with . 
 a male who would always clasp her in his arms when she ran for him . 
 i 'm the valkyrie who most wants to be held - and i never can be . 
 at the thought , she felt her bottom lip trembling . 
 i 'd rather not have had a glimpse of what i 've been missing . 
 she dropped her head into her hands and wept , her freezing tears making her want to scream . 
 chapter 13 tonight murdoch might be forced to kill his king . 
 he had sworn fealty to kristoff and his forbearer order , but he was loyal to nikolai above all others . 
 after lukyan left , murdoch quickly stuffed daniela 's note in his pocket - and donned his sword . 
 he would strike down kristoff in a heartbeat if his brother was in danger . 
 when he traced to the great room in blachmount , kristoff intoned , `` sit , murdoch . '' 
 kristoff was at the head of the timeworn table , flanked by four forbearer elders from russia , some of the first ones he 'd turned - his own countrymen . 
 within their order was a tense alliance between the russians and estonians . 
 kristoff thought the realm of the lore superseded human concerns and wars . 
 but history was difficult for murdoch to forget . 
 russians had killed him and most of his family . 
 `` i imagine nikolai will be down shortly . '' 
 kristoff was analyzing him . 
 would he hear murdoch 's beating heart ? 
 and if he did , would he say anything about it ? 
 the king often acted in ways that were incomprehensible to murdoch . 
 he 'd demonstrated blistering wrath toward some subjects , and unexpected leniency to others . 
 kristoff was a natural-born vampire , not a turned human , and was as shrewd as he was ruthless . 
 as a boy , he 'd had his crown stolen by his uncle , demestriu , the current leader of the horde . 
 kristoff had been smuggled out of the capital before demestriu could assassinate him , then raised in hiding by humans . 
 once kristoff had grown old enough to seek his birthright , he 'd had no army , so he 'd started making one , siring troops of turned human warriors . 
 murdoch sat down uneasily . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 `` questioning your brother , '' kristoff said . 
 `` about his crime . '' 
 striving to make his tone level , he asked , `` what crime would that be ? '' 
 `` one of the worst . '' 
 the worst crimes in their order were treason and drinking living blood straight from the flesh . 
 there 'd been no treason . 
 though murdoch did n't particularly care about kristoff 's cause - he 'd agreed to join the king 's army because he 'd wanted to live - nikolai had always fervently believed in what the forbearers stood for . 
 and drinking living blood ? 
 when murdoch had seen nikolai earlier , he 'd been content , but he 'd still been pallid , still lean . 
 his eyes had been closed , so murdoch had n't been able to tell if they were red . 
 `` my liege , you know nikolai , '' murdoch said . 
 `` he 's a loyal soldier . '' 
 besides , nikolai would 've told murdoch if he 'd planned anything . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 murdoch fell silent at that , knowing from experience that kristoff would say no more . 
 as a natural-born vampire , kristoff was unable to lie , so instead he often ignored questions and answered others cryptically . 
 as they waited for nikolai , murdoch restlessly glanced around the decaying room . 
 so many memories haunted this place . 
 here nikolai had made the fateful decision to try to turn all of their dying family . 
 murdoch remembered that time as if it were yesterday . 
 after he and nikolai had risen from the dead , they 'd traced home and had found their sisters and father dying of plague . 
 sebastian and conrad had been stabbed through by russian marauders and barely clung to life . 
 all in this room ... how the girls had wept when they 'd comprehended that they were dying . 
 how filled with rage sebastian and conrad had been to be turned into vampires against their will - nikolai suddenly materialized . 
 he was black-eyed with fury , his fangs dripping . 
 he must have sensed intruders , and thought them a threat to myst . 
 `` wroth , i pity the being who wishes to harm your bride , '' kristoff said . 
 murdoch nearly whistled out a breath at nikolai 's appearance . 
 his face had been beaten . 
 his clothing was filthy , his shirt tattered and marked with blood . 
 nikolai seemed to be grappling for control . 
 `` i would not wish to attend you in such a condition . 
 i 'll go wash and change - '' `` no , we know you are eager to get back to her for the remains of the night , '' kristoff said , then added in a proud tone , `` congratulations , wroth . 
 you 've now been blooded and claimed your bride . '' 
 he studied him . 
 `` recently . 
 though it appears she did n't acquiesce to you . '' 
 did kristoff think myst had fought nikolai ? 
 what the hell had happened to his brother since earlier this day ? 
 if nikolai had been content earlier , now he looked determined . 
 `` i 'd like to meet her , '' kristoff said . 
 `` she is resting . '' 
 murdoch thought he heard her in the bath upstairs . 
 leisurely bathing ? 
 if they 'd fought , then why was she not fleeing nikolai ? 
 kristoff said , `` i suppose she would be resting . 
 in fact , we 'd wonder if she were n't . '' 
 two of the elders snickered until nikolai shot them a quelling scowl . 
 kristoff steepled his fingers . 
 `` and you drank her blood this night ? '' 
 deny it , nikolai . 
 `` did you take her flesh as you did so ? '' 
 no , steady nikolai would never commit this crime , the one punishable by death . 
 should kristoff decree it , nikolai would be chained in an open field until the sun burned him to ash . 
 when nikolai 's eyes narrowed , murdoch 's hand slipped to his sword hilt . 
 five against him and nikolai . 
 likely the brothers would n't make it out of blachmount alive . 
 how fitting . 
 nikolai 's shoulders went back . 
 `` i did . '' 
 no , brother ... he had n't restrained himself . 
 but why were his eyes clear ? 
 kristoff ordered , `` take off your shirt . '' 
 murdoch caught nikolai 's glance , tensing to fight , but kristoff said , `` stand down , murdoch , no one 's dying tonight . '' 
 a lashing then ? 
 nikolai removed the shirt , too proud for his own good . 
 his gaze darted to the stairs ; even now he worried for his bride . 
 `` toss it on the table . '' 
 frowning , nikolai did . 
 murdoch caught the scent just as the other elders did . 
 kristoff had detected traces of myst 's blood , and now they all did as well . 
 like the others , murdoch 's hands went white on the table , but for a different reason . 
 murdoch was reminded anew of daniela 's blood - and of his dream , recalling how he 'd pierced the supple flesh of her neck , sucking from her ... `` and what was it like ? '' 
 he absently asked , his voice hoarse . 
 nikolai did n't answer . 
 then kristoff raised his brow in a wordless command . 
 after a hesitation , nikolai grated , `` there is no description strong enough . '' 
 murdoch barely suppressed a groan and was surprised that no one noticed the hectic drum of his heart . 
 `` how did she feel about your bite ? '' 
 kristoff asked . 
 again nikolai was silent . 
 kristoff 's stare was unflinching . 
 `` you resist answering your king on the heels of confessing to our most reviled crime ? '' 
 nikolai resisted because he 'd accepted myst as his . 
 as his family . 
 wroths protected their family 's honor . 
 answer him , nikolai - you ca n't protect her if you 're dead . 
 nikolai must have been thinking the same thing . 
 though distinctly unwilling , he bit out , `` she found extreme pleasure from it . '' 
 she 'd liked being bitten ? 
 kristoff relaxed back in his chair , his demeanor pleased . 
 he asked those at the table , `` do you think i should forgive wroth his transgression ? 
 for which one of us could have resisted the temptation when she was our bride and her exquisite blood called ? '' 
 the king stared at the shredded garment marked by a valkyrie 's blood . 
 murdoch masked his shock . 
 for centuries , this had been law . 
 forbearing from drinking the flesh was how they 'd earned their name . 
 was this a license to drink from one 's bride ? 
 `` continue as you were , '' kristoff told nikolai . 
 `` but if your eyes turn red , know that we will destroy you . '' 
 nikolai is free to drink his bride , to take her blood at his leisure . 
 murdoch envied him . 
 again . 
 nikolai was stunned as well , but recovered enough to say , `` i was coming to mount oblak tonight to tell you that ivo was spotted in new orleans . '' 
 ivo the cruel was a leader in the horde , and their armies had battled in the past . 
 in fact , mount oblak had once been his holding . 
 `` he 's looking for someone , '' nikolai said . 
 `` i suspect it could be myst . '' 
 that made sense . 
 she 'd been ivo 's prisoner , had already been in his dungeon when the forbearers had taken the castle . 
 nikolai ran a hand over his face , his concern evident . 
 `` i need to go - '' `` we 'll take care of it , '' murdoch interrupted sharply . 
 `` for god 's sake , you stay here and ... enjoy ... everything . '' 
 everything i ca n't . 
 kristoff returned his attention to nikolai , eyeing him shrewdly . 
 `` find out as much as you can from her . 
 and you will tell us if the memories follow the blood . '' 
 after a short nod , nikolai traced from the room . 
 his brother had n't just been spared , he 'd as much as had a slap on the back from kristoff . 
 the king was no doubt thinking of an alliance with the valkyrie . 
 and i have a valkyrie bride . 
 but murdoch could never drink her anyway , was a danger to her . 
 if nikolai had succumbed , knowing he was breaking the laws of their order , then murdoch did n't stand a chance of controlling himself with daniela . 
 and she would find no pleasure in it , had told him she could die from it . 
 kristoff stood . 
 `` now , which of you will volunteer to accompany murdoch to new orleans where this coven full of valkyrie is located ? '' 
 they all shot to their feet . 
 one asked , `` does this mean we can drink from our brides ? 
 without repercussions ? '' 
 `` only if they 're immortal and ca n't be killed from blood loss . 
 i believe that 's why nikolai 's eyes are still clear , '' kristoff said absently , his gaze focused on murdoch . 
 `` a word , '' kristoff told him , ushering him aside . 
 `` you are charged with protecting myst the coveted . 
 this match between her and your brother is critical . 
 scour the city for ivo until the sun drives you back . '' 
 in the past , murdoch had searched those city streets for his brother 's sake . 
 now he would do the same for myst , a female he 'd hated for years . 
 `` and when i find him ? '' 
 `` take him out . '' 
 `` gladly . '' 
 `` is there anything you 'd like to tell me , murdoch ? '' 
 `` my liege ? '' 
 `` your heart beats , '' kristoff observed . 
 `` do n't worry , the others wo n't notice . 
 turned humans rarely think to listen for it . 
 when did this happen ? '' 
 `` last night . '' 
 `` a mere five years after your brother . 
 while i 've waited millennia . '' 
 did kristoff envy them ? 
 doubtless . 
 the natural-born vampires had the same pressing drive to find their mates . 
 they were born fully alive , growing much like mortals , until they neared the age when they froze into their immortality . 
 then with each day , their hearts would beat less , their breaths - and sexual need - gradually diminishing to nothing until they could become blooded . 
 just like the forbearers , the natural-born vampires knew exactly what they were missing ... `` is your bride by any chance a valkyrie ? '' 
 when murdoch hesitated , kristoff 's eyes flooded black with anger . 
 `` need i remind you that i 'm your king ? 
 and i 've just shown mercy to your brother . '' 
 `` she is a valkyrie . '' 
 `` have you been able to learn anything about the lore from her ? '' 
 `` i 'll be able to find out more in the future , '' he said , hedging for some reason . 
 `` the future ? 
 she 's a valkyrie - the odds are against her wanting anything to do with you . '' 
 murdoch 's shoulders straightened . 
 `` she told me she wanted to see me again . '' 
 before he 'd threatened to bite her . 
 but she 'd still left her number . 
 `` she even gave me her contact information . '' 
 he pulled the note from his pocket , displaying it . 
 kristoff raised a brow at the x s and o s , the puffy hearts . 
 `` call her , '' he challenged . 
 murdoch took his sat-phone from his jacket , then dialed the number . 
 it rang several times . 
 `` hmm . 
 not waiting by the phone for your call ? '' 
 murdoch heard a voice-answering service clicking on . 
 kristoff did as well and said , `` probably in the shower , then ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 but a woman 's voice said , `` if you 've reached this message and you were n't trying to contact regin the radiant '' - regin ? 
 - `` then i know three things about you . 
 one of my half sisters just tooled your ass and never wants to see you again . 
 b . 
 you 're pop-culturally illiterate not to know that this number is a song . 
 and three , you 'll never tell another male about this humiliating prank , so the number trick can be continued indefinitely . 
 if , however , you called for moi , then say something to amuse me after the beep . '' 
 murdoch 's anger was boiling . 
 just as he was about to unleash his wrath in a message , a computerized voice said , `` mailbox is full . '' 
 that little witch ... `` i understand you had a reputation for being popular with women , '' kristoff said as he collected nikolai 's bloody shirt from the table . 
 `` you 'd better recognize that a valkyrie is not exactly your typical woman . '' 
 chapter 14 `` forbearer scum . '' 
 `` ignorance is bliss , leech . '' 
 `` go sun yourself . '' 
 being met with insults was the only way murdoch and his men could determine that they 'd even approached lore beings in their search of the quarter . 
 hours ago , murdoch had mapped out the rest of the city for the other forbearers , and then they 'd split up , each elder with two men under him . 
 murdoch had taken his old friend rurik , an estonian who 'd served under him in the war , and they 'd been stuck with lukyan , the hotheaded russian . 
 kristoff could insist that the former political alliances of his soldiers had been nullified by those of the lore , but the wily king always put a russian with estonians , and vice versa . 
 over the course of the night , murdoch had grown better able to recognize the lore beings - they seemed more adroit , more suspicious , and often more drunken than the humans - but he still did n't know what they were . 
 and not one of them would offer information . 
 the females had n't given him enough time to charm them . 
 the males had looked ready to fight on sight . 
 the closest he 'd gotten was with a scantily clad female who 'd painted her skin with leaf designs . 
 she 'd at least given him a few moments to state his introduction and questions , not that she 'd listened . 
 she 'd merely been ogling him while nodding dimly and murmuring , `` uh-huh , baby boy , you keep talking , trixie 's lis ` ning . '' 
 she 'd kept this up until another female , dressed and painted like her , came charging between them to harangue the first one . 
 `` he 's a vampire . 
 you really are a ho-hum whoreslut of a nymph , are n't you ? '' 
 `` no , you are ! '' 
 then they 'd lunged at each other , deep-kissing as they went tumbling to the ground . 
 all in all , the forbearers had learned nothing about ivo 's whereabouts . 
 now , as midnight neared , rurik , lukyan , and murdoch stood on a balcony overlooking the crowd . 
 the other two were arguing over various topics , while murdoch was silent in thought , mired in unease over daniela . 
 of course , he knew why she 'd played the prank on him . 
 and he knew why it would be best if he never saw her again . 
 so why did he feel this urgency to find her ? 
 he craved the sight of her , needed to have her scent fresh in his mind . 
 this eve , he 'd seen pretty women , but he had no interest in them . 
 though he knew so little about daniela , the blooding made him think of her constantly . 
 it forced him to recall her vulnerability when she 'd said she wanted to see him again . 
 it made him remember with a disturbing tenderness the way she 'd lifted her arms to him so trustingly . 
 as a mortal , he 'd had a happy-go-lucky personality . 
 women had trusted him with their pleasure but little else . 
 yet daniela had believed in him to remove the arrows in time to save her life . 
 tomorrow night , he could go to blachmount and ask myst how to contact her sister . 
 but then , myst might refuse to divulge that information . 
 if all else failed , he supposed he could try to find the valkyrie coven , despite daniela 's warning that they 'd kill him on sight . 
 another source of his unease ? 
 he could n't stop mulling over how the wroth brothers had gone down in lore history for their deeds , or misdeeds . 
 after the continuous battles and hardships they 'd all suffered , nikolai had been remembered as the self-sacrificing general , and murdoch had been classed as the manwhore ? 
 he also suspected that this bothered him solely because that was how daniela saw him - `` what say you , murdoch ? '' 
 rurik asked . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't hear you . '' 
 `` we were speaking of brides and valkyries . '' 
 murdoch almost coughed . 
 `` were you , then ? '' 
 rurik 's scarred face creased into a frown . 
 he can tell something is going on with me - has known me for centuries . 
 rurik had been one of five dying war compatriots who 'd accepted that fateful deal nikolai had brokered with kristoff . 
 but cunning kristoff knew that these men were loyal to nikolai and murdoch , and always would be . 
 demonstrating his shrewdness yet again , kristoff had dispatched the other four - kalev , demyan , markov , and aleksander - in separate directions on the continent to search for the daci , a rumored hidden enclave of natural-born vampires . 
 rurik alone remained , and only because of his weakness : an uncontrollable temper when in conflict . 
 not the best trait for a potential ambassador . 
 `` i heard at mount oblak that nikolai 's bride was fine beyond words , '' lukyan said . 
 he was a bold and skilled fighter - as a don cossack , lukyan had been bred for war - but murdoch did n't trust him . 
 there was something off about him , even beyond the fact that he 'd died on the other side of the same battlefield murdoch had perished on . 
 `` you saw her . 
 is she that beautiful , then ? '' 
 `` she is . '' 
 but not more so than daniela . 
 `` i have n't really looked at a woman in so long . '' 
 rurik 's gaze fell to the street below . 
 in his human life , he 'd been a simple farmer , a gentle giant , until he 'd gone into battle ; then he would go berserk . 
 he did n't wield a sword - he carried a war hammer . 
 rurik 's father had often liked to say that the men in their family were descended from berserkers . 
 after rurik had been turned into a vampire and learned this new world existed , he 'd had to wonder , literally descended from berserkers ? 
 `` would n't matter if you 'd looked at women , you 'd only see half of them , '' lukyan said with a smirk . 
 rurik had the war wounds to show for his rages . 
 he walked with a marked limp and was missing an eye under his rakish patch . 
 ignoring the cossack 's comment , he said , `` have females been showing this much skin the whole time ? '' 
 murdoch understood his comrade 's puzzlement . 
 he himself had been disinterested in women to the point of oblivion . 
 until the valkyrie . 
 `` christ , look at that one , '' rurik said in an awed tone . 
 murdoch remembered that even before he 'd lost his eye , rurik had been unlucky with women . 
 he wondered if rurik remembered that . 
 with a leer , lukyan said , `` maybe she 's the one who 'll tempt me back to life . '' 
 pinpricks skittered along the back of murdoch 's neck as he turned to the object of their attention . 
 daniela . 
 just there . 
 the gnawing ache he 'd been experiencing redoubled at the sight of her . 
 she was strolling the street below them , her white-blond hair swaying about her shoulders with each of her graceful steps . 
 she wore a wrap of black silk around her hips , with a thin swath of the material climbing up over one breast , around her neck , and down over the other . 
 could she have revealed more of her perfect flesh ? 
 her back and arms were bare , as was a good bit of her chest and flat belly . 
 the only jewelry adorning her were those exotic armbands . 
 a satchel was slung over her shoulder . 
 damn her , she was noticeably braless . 
 and now he stood spellbound by how her high br ** sts bobbed as she nimbly wound through the crowd . 
 she seemed oblivious to the men she left ruined in her wake . 
 they froze , gaping after her as if they loved her and would do anything for her . 
 when one male spoke to her and she smiled up at him , murdoch 's fangs sharpened . 
 the blooding at work again ? 
 he shook himself , disconcerted by the violent drives racking him . 
 get control . 
 `` she 's got to be an immortal . '' 
 rurik 's voice was rough with appreciation , and murdoch had to check an impulse to hurt his old friend . 
 `` do you think her blood would be like that of nikolai 's female ? '' 
 it would be , god help me , it would be ... lukyan said , `` bedding an immortal . 
 can you imagine how much experience that one has ? '' 
 ca n't rip out his throat . 
 murdoch wanted to bare his fangs at them , to growl that she was his . 
 but it would only make lukyan more determined to meet her . 
 what if daniela blooded one of these vampires ? 
 was that even possible ? 
 he had to get them away from her . 
 `` back to work , '' he ordered them . 
 `` i 'm starting at the head of the street . 
 you two come from the other end . 
 we 'll cover more ground . '' 
 once they 'd reluctantly traced away , with lingering looks that almost got them killed , murdoch descended to the street , then strode toward her . 
 what the hell was she doing out here alone ? 
 there could be more of the icere out in this city . 
 to risk her safety like this ... without warning , a memory arose . 
 `` i do n't understand why men get so jealous over possessions , or over their women , '' he 'd once told his father . 
 his father had seemed deeply disappointed when he 'd answered , `` son , that 's because you 've never cared about anything enough to fight for it - or to fear losing it . '' 
 chapter 15 `` oh , no , no . 
 this is n't happening , '' danii muttered as she jogged backward three steps , then whirled around in the opposite direction from the vampire intently approaching her . 
 it 's him ! 
 earlier when she 'd reached the quarter , she 'd asked around for nix , but instead had found out that forbearers , led by a very big and handsome vamp , were going door to door , canvassing the streets for someone . 
 she 'd joked to herself that maybe it was murdoch out seeking her - laugh , laugh - to abjectly apologize . 
 had she been not far off the mark ? 
 or maybe he still wanted to throw her down and drink her . 
 `` wait , daniela ! '' 
 when he traced in front of her , she halted with her palm raised to her lips . 
 `` come any closer , and i 'll fill your lungs with ice . '' 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` no ? 
 you were going to bite me earlier . '' 
 he did n't deny it , just gave a curt nod . 
 `` so what 's different now ? '' 
 `` i 've replenished the blood i 've lost . 
 and i 'm not surrounded by the scent of yours . '' 
 `` sounds like you 're trying to make your loss of control my fault . '' 
 `` no , it was solely mine . '' 
 `` if not to bite me , then what do you want ? '' 
 he did n't seem to know how to answer that . 
 at length , he said , `` just to talk to you . '' 
 `` is that why you and your henchmen were looking for me ? '' 
 predictably , he 'd need to see his bride . 
 he ran his palm over the back of his neck . 
 `` we ... were n't ... '' `` you 're not looking for me . '' 
 how embarrassing . '' 
 then who ? '' 
 `` we seek ivo the cruel . '' 
 a horde baddie . 
 `` good luck with that , '' she said between gritted teeth , turning to leave . 
 he followed her . 
 `` you know of him ? '' 
 `` of course i do . 
 i 'm not the one batting for team oblivious like you are . '' 
 she snapped her fingers and made a face of realization . 
 `` oh , but wait , you 're no longer quite so clueless since you grilled me last night . '' 
 again he did n't deny it . 
 `` did you tell all the forbearers about what i said when i was delirious ? '' 
 `` i 've told no one , '' he said , his handsome face darkening into a scowl . 
 `` what in the hell are you doing out here alone ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for someone myself . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 when she did n't answer , he said , `` you should be where it 's safe . 
 there could be more icere . '' 
 like he cared . 
 she picked up her pace , refusing to spare him a glance - and failing . 
 he seemed to be puzzling over what to say to her . 
 finally he decided on : `` you gave me the wrong number . '' 
 he called ? 
 her immediate high promptly nosedived . 
 of course , he 'd only called for help with ivo . 
 `` you have a lot of nerve bringing that up . '' 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 `` for - fun . '' 
 to get your hopes up and then have them dashed . 
 like mine continue to be . 
 she reminded herself that any `` hopes '' she might have had about him were firmly in the tense that was past . 
 `` and for the record , i was n't seeking to wed you , vampire '' - i might have been right after we came together - `` and i was n't even looking for an exclusive relationship . '' 
 unless he 'd been interested in one . 
 with that , she stormed off . 
 he was right behind her . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 why wo n't you give me two seconds of your time ? '' 
 i do n't think my battered ego can take it . 
 like her body , it had n't quite recovered . 
 `` you 've easily forgotten that i saved your life last night ! '' 
 she rounded on him . 
 `` which would n't have needed saving if you would 've just shut up and moved on ! '' 
 he did n't even seem to be listening - instead his gaze raked over her , from her chest to her uncovered navel . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 he grated . 
 `` for someone whose skin is in danger of being burnt , you show enough of it . '' 
 too late , he was acting like a domineering vampire with a bride he considered worth having . 
 `` because otherwise i 'd burn up ! '' 
 she wished she could criticize his clothing , but he looked irritatingly gq in his tailored slacks and expensive shirt . 
 his black cashmere jacket fit his broad shoulders to perfection . 
 normally , she 'd have been ecstatic to be seen with such a man . 
 `` then why do you live in this warm city ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because this is where my coven is . 
 for now . '' 
 `` for now ? 
 is it moving ? '' 
 she narrowed her eyes up at him . 
 `` do n't you have someone to be searching for ? 
 i 'm sure you need to catch up with all the other little forbearers . '' 
 he cocked a brow at that . 
 `` we 've split up . 
 you could help me . '' 
 `` oh , that 's rich . 
 the last time i ` helped ' you , i got nothing but a burned hand and a death threat . '' 
 he closed in on her , forcing her to back up until she met a shop window . 
 looming over her , his voice a husky rasp , he said , `` is that all you got out of it , kallim ? '' 
 kallim meant `` darling . '' 
 woo-hoo , a step up from `` chit . '' 
 `` does this usually work on women ? '' 
 somehow she managed to be cold and unaffected . 
 or to look it . 
 she hoped . 
 `` the threatening and then the full-court press ? '' 
 he exhaled . 
 `` i regret how today ended . '' 
 `` just as you predicted , it all went downhill from that one good hour . '' 
 where she 'd made contact with the window , ice crystals fanned out on the glass , outlining her bare shoulder and upper arm with frost . 
 he noticed and said , `` i 'm glad you 're , uh , cooling . '' 
 then he bit his lip , looking like he was inwardly kicking himself . 
 `` i see why you were so popular with the ladies , murdoch suave . 
 with lines like that , how could you not be ? '' 
 `` murdoch suave ? '' 
 with a shake of his head , he said , `` we 're looking for ivo because he might be a danger to myst . '' 
 ivo could be . 
 if the creep was in town , he 'd probably be looking for his former captive . 
 `` i 've been ordered to protect her , '' murdoch added . 
 `` protect myst ? 
 this is a considerable change from '' - she imitated his low , accented voice - `` myst is nikolai 's enemy ! 
 we hate myst ! 
 she 's mean . '' 
 his lips quirked , which seemed to surprise him , then he resumed his scowl . 
 `` they have come to an ... understanding . '' 
 `` told you . 
 so what do you need my help for ? '' 
 `` my men and i ca n't get any leads . 
 i 've tried to question beings from the lore - '' `` but no one will speak to any of you . 
 the rookies keep striking out ? '' 
 his glower deepened at her comment . 
 `` finding ivo is critical to me , daniela . 
 my brother would be destroyed if anything happened to myst . 
 the blooding is making him fall for her . '' 
 `` that 's not what the blooding does , you oaf ! '' 
 his expression indicated that he 'd never in his life been called an oaf . 
 `` the blooding does n't make you fall for your bride . 
 all it does is indicate who you 'd be most likely to have a successful relationship with - biologically and emotionally . 
 that does n't mean you 're capable of a relationship , '' she said with a pointed glance at him . 
 `` look , if nikolai 's falling , then it 's just love . 
 real simple . '' 
 `` i do n't believe that . 
 then have you ever seen a fated pairing that did n't work out ? '' 
 `` oh , it happens . '' 
 to my mother for one . 
 svana and sigmund had been fated mates , and a much-celebrated love match . 
 she 'd taken him as her husband and prince consort . 
 then he 'd stolen her crown and murdered her . 
 danii shook herself . 
 `` now , if you do n't mind , i have things to do . '' 
 `` you would n't help me to help your sister ? '' 
 danii stilled . 
 i owe myst . 
 unbidden , a memory washed over her . 
 centuries ago , danii had been captured by a sadistic roman senator . 
 he 'd kept her among his slaves , bringing her out of her sweltering prison cell just to play with her , burning her na ** d skin with his touch . 
 she 'd remained a virgin only because he 'd intended to offer her to the emperor , due to visit that season . 
 before he 'd arrived , myst had seduced her way past the senator 's legions of guards , then killed him . 
 `` i want to help her , '' danii finally said . 
 `` but i wo n't work with you . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 you ca n't go about alone on these streets . 
 the icere could return . '' 
 `` i 've got a couple of days before they can get this far south . 
 besides , who 's more dangerous to me ? 
 them ? 
 or the vampire who was about to attack me just hours ago ? '' 
 `` damn it , i told you why - '' `` have you ever bitten anyone before ? '' 
 `` you know i have n't . 
 my eyes are clear . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 actually , the forbearers had it wrong . 
 vampires only turned red-eyed when they killed as they drank . 
 `` we 've pledged to our order that we would never take blood from the flesh . '' 
 `` what would happen if you did ? '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` we ... well , after tonight , it 's complicated . 
 but i vow to you i wo n't bite you . 
 just help me . '' 
 danii hesitated . 
 she was a skilled fighter , as were most valkyrie , but because she risked overheating , she could seldom go into a protracted conflict here in southern louisiana . 
 and her special talents - conjuring blizzards as battle offense and frostbiting enemy armies - had been relegated to the past . 
 since the coven had moved here seven decades ago , she 'd felt ... underutilized . 
 finally she would have a chance to assist her sisters in a meaningful way . 
 and she could do damage control . 
 if he had n't told anyone about what she 'd divulged last night , then she could extract a vow from him never to do so ! 
 yet she feared there was nothing so noble ultimately steering her decision . 
 sad , sad daniela ... so lonely and lame that she still yearned to be around the vampire . 
 no ! 
 remember farmer ted , danii ! 
 in the end , it was n't what murdoch said that convinced her , but what he did . 
 when three trashed frat boys leered at her as they passed , murdoch 's fists clenched . 
 he did feel something for her . 
 perhaps he did truly like her , but was afraid to settle down after so many centuries alone . 
 maybe he had bachelor 's panic . 
 maybe it 's him , not me . 
 `` i 'll help you , on three conditions . '' 
 `` let 's hear them . '' 
 `` you protect me if we encounter any more icere - '' `` of course . 
 i will protect you from any threat . '' 
 `` hold on there , i do n't need your help with anyone but them . 
 second condition : you 'll answer any questions i ask you . 
 and third , you 'll vow never to tell another about anything you learn tonight - or learned this morning . 
 or anything about me . '' 
 seeing he was about to balk , she said , `` i 'm risking a lot by being seen with you . 
 i could search on my own . 
 and i would , if i thought you would n't follow me . '' 
 `` daniela , that 's not - '' she turned to walk on . 
 he grated , `` agreed . '' 
 she faced him once more . 
 `` and if you even peek at my neck , i will go cryo on you . '' 
 chapter 16 yet another female cajoled to do my bidding , murdoch thought as they started out . 
 he had n't lost his skills . 
 `` where do we go first ? '' 
 he asked , trying to tone down the smugness in his voice . 
 i control situations with women . 
 just as it had always been . 
 which sometimes made for boring fare since he was never surprised , but that was unavoidable . 
 `` we 're off to a bar , a few blocks east on bourbon . 
 i know a demon . 
 if we do n't have any luck , then we can stop by a store that caters to loreans . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 now that he 'd received the promise of her help , daniela had become a means to an end . 
 he would be staunchly focused on what he needed to do . 
 but , god , her hair smelled so damned good , giving him a shot of her scent each time her braids played about her bare shoulders ... as they meandered through the crowd , humans kept looking at her , some more intently than others . 
 he felt his fangs sharpening . 
 did that f ** k just ogle her br - `` you 're going to have to cut that out , vampire . '' 
 his head whipped forward . 
 `` cut what out ? '' 
 `` baring your fangs anytime a mortal checks me out . '' 
 now she sounded smug . 
 `` i was not baring my fangs . '' 
 he might have been baring his fangs . 
 `` daniela , you 'll find that i 'm far from a jealous person . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` maybe i 'm just concerned that you 'll get burned . 
 since you 're displaying so much skin . '' 
 that i ca n't touch . 
 he had to stifle the impulse to drape his jacket over her to protect her from injury - and lecherous gazes . 
 `` you 're not nervous about making contact ? '' 
 he thought he was more anxious about it than she was . 
 `` i 've threaded through the ninety-eight-point-six degree gauntlet many a time . 
 have you forgotten how fast i am ? '' 
 he had n't . 
 still , for the next several minutes , if he spotted any passersby more intoxicated than others , he ran interference for her . 
 when he almost grabbed her elbow once to steer her out of the way , she warned , `` ah-ah . '' 
 he ground his teeth in frustration , then said , `` i 'll return directly . '' 
 he traced back to mount oblak , snagged a pair of thick gloves , then traced back so fast that she 'd hardly had time to react to his disappearance . 
 when he held up his gloves , she said , `` that 's just weird . '' 
 `` it 's convenient . '' 
 he drew them on . 
 `` you would still have to be extremely careful with me , and i 'd need to know how thick those were - '' he placed his palm flat on the small of her back , his hand nearly spanning it . 
 `` they 're as thick as the ones from last night . 
 i did n't burn you then . '' 
 she stiffened , but after a few moments , she allowed it , continuing along the street . 
 even with such an innocuous touch , he found himself hardening for her , his second erection in centuries . 
 though his glove and her dress separated their skin , he could still feel her moving beneath his hand , her shapely h * ps swishing . 
 for many minutes as they walked , she was silent , seeming deep in thought . 
 had he made a mistake by tracing , reminding her what he was ? 
 she 'd wanted to be able to question him , but had n't . 
 so he said , `` i went back to the alley where we fought last night . 
 what happened to the bodies ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` they were probably eaten . 
 by low creatures . '' 
 `` by dogs ? 
 by rats ? '' 
 she gave him a cryptic smile . 
 `` nothing so generic . '' 
 `` and you wo n't specify what kinds of creatures ? 
 come on , this is ridiculous , '' he said . 
 `` do you think myst wo n't tell nikolai everything ? 
 so many beings in the lore ca n't all keep such secrets . '' 
 `` humans think we 're myths . 
 enough said . '' 
 a dead end . 
 he let that drop . 
 yes , he 'd succeeded in getting her to help him tonight , but he 'd begun to suspect that this situation might not be precisely under his control . 
 finally , she glanced up at him . 
 `` you said you were ordered to protect myst . 
 by whom ? '' 
 `` by king kristoff himself . '' 
 but i 'd do it anyway . 
 murdoch recalled the expression on nikolai 's face when he 'd been grilled by kristoff about myst . 
 loyal , steadfast nikolai had disobeyed his king , and looked as if he 'd do it again for that woman . 
 if she were killed , nikolai would be as doomed as their father had been . 
 `` forced to protect her . 
 that must grate . '' 
 `` grate ? 
 i was angry with her ... '' at daniela 's raised brows , he admitted , `` i was furious for what she did to nikolai . 
 it 's hard to see someone you care about and respect in misery , and nikolai suffered as you ca n't understand . 
 if anyone deserves happiness , it 's him . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he carries the weight of the world on his shoulders , guilt as you would n't believe . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she asked , but he hesitated to answer . 
 `` already breaking the terms of our deal ? '' 
 murdoch scowled . 
 `` nikolai believes he failed his country . '' 
 `` there 's got to be more than that . '' 
 `` there ... is . '' 
 he exhaled . 
 `` does the lore know what happened to other members of my family ? '' 
 when she shook her head , he said , `` nikolai tried to save their lives with his ` tainted ' blood . 
 he feels guilt for both succeeding and failing at that . '' 
 `` how did he succeed and fail ? '' 
 `` daniela , this is a difficult subject . '' 
 `` you have no idea what a good listener i am . '' 
 he looked down at her eyes . 
 so vividly blue . 
 as they 'd been in his dream . 
 he found himself recounting how he and nikolai had returned home to watch over their family but had found them all dying , and in unimaginable pain . 
 he told her how they 'd fed blood to his brothers and sisters , his father . 
 though murdoch had never revealed to another living soul the details , the words fell from his lips as if she 'd drawn them from him . 
 `` most were out of their heads , but my brother sebastian was awake , aware . 
 he even figured out what we 'd become and demanded that they be allowed to die in peace . '' 
 at the memory , murdoch ran his hand over his forehead . 
 `` sebastian was particularly close to the girls , a kind of substitute father , and he hated nikolai and me for trying to turn them . 
 even more so when only he and conrad rose from the dead . '' 
 `` what happened once they woke ? '' 
 daniela asked , her tone softer . 
 `` sebastian tried to kill nikolai . 
 and conrad ... when he comprehended what had been done to him , he went mad , bellowing as if in unbearable pain , and ran into the night . 
 we have n't seen either of them in three centuries . '' 
 `` do you believe your brothers are still alive ? '' 
 `` i have to , '' he answered , then waited for her to ask another question . 
 again , she remained silent , contemplative , so he said , `` i was thinking about your enemies . 
 if a king wants to kill you simply because you were born , then your very life is a threat . 
 which means that you 're an heir . 
 a royal one . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` you got me . '' 
 `` what title do you possess ? '' 
 `` i thought you knew . 
 you called me an ice queen earlier today . '' 
 `` a. . . 
 queen . '' 
 and if her delirious ramblings were to be believed , then she was also the daughter of gods . 
 `` yes , of the icere , '' she said . 
 `` from a long line of winter queens . '' 
 `` but sigmund usurped your throne ? '' 
 she stiffened beneath his palm again . 
 `` you did get me to talk last night . '' 
 `` why do n't you rebel and get your kingdom back ? 
 gather the icere to follow you ? '' 
 `` it 's not that simple . 
 sigmund is very powerful . '' 
 `` there are none here to help you against him ? '' 
 when she shook her head , he said , `` i have a hard time believing that every last one of the icere is united against you . '' 
 `` new orleans is n't exactly a coldbed of icere . '' 
 `` you 're here . '' 
 he thought he heard her mutter , `` not for long . '' 
 `` is sigmund any relation to you ? '' 
 `` not by blood , '' she said . 
 `` he was my mother 's prince consort . 
 i was n't born until after his men had mortally wounded her . '' 
 `` do you know how crazy that sounds ? '' 
 `` welcome to the lore . 
 little makes sense . 
 rules are fluid . 
 just when you think you 've got it all figured out , you hear about a vampire unaffected by the sun , a mute siren , or a chaste nymph . '' 
 `` so there 's no one here like you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` are you trying to plan a coup for me , or attempting to find out if i have a boyfriend ? '' 
 he grated , `` do you ? '' 
 `` why would you care ? '' 
 `` i 'm curious . 
 you do n't strike me as the disloyal type , and you were just in my bed . 
 eagerly . '' 
 `` hey , now . '' 
 she peered around and made a dampening motion with her hands . 
 `` not so loud , vampire . 
 let 's not expedite the death of danii 's respect in the lore . '' 
 `` earlier , you were n't too concerned about this , not when you were telling me that you wanted to see me again , '' he said , then added for good measure , `` and that i have kissable lips . '' 
 `` i said that before i concluded the risk-benefit ratio was one hundred percent risk and none-point-none percent benefit . '' 
 she cast him a glare . 
 `` and i really would n't keep reminding me of all you learned last night and this morning . '' 
 `` none-point-none ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 unless threatening to drain me was your way of asking for more . '' 
 he wanted to tell her that the threat had been groundless , that he 'd never hurt her like that . 
 but the way he 'd been feeling at that critical moment ... ? 
 it 'd be a lie . 
 `` look at your vexed expression ! 
 do n't worry , casanova , i did n't exactly take your behavior as an invitation . 
 you made it very clear how you felt . '' 
 `` i just did n't want to be blooded . '' 
 `` most vampires long for it to happen to them , '' she pointed out . 
 `` why ? 
 for the strength ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 but also because immortality is lonely . '' 
 another display of that shocking vulnerability in a warrioress . 
 `` daniela , who were you searching for earlier ? '' 
 `` you would n't know her . '' 
 not a man . 
 relief ? 
 `` and you 're not going to tell me more about her . '' 
 when she shook her head , he asked , `` what happens in a couple of days when the icere return ? 
 will you and your sisters attack them ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` are you just going to wait until they take another shot at you ? 
 i thought the valkyrie considered themselves the top of the lore food chain . 
 have you never launched an assault , or sent assassins back to kill him ? '' 
 `` there 's something about their castle that repels my kind . '' 
 at his questioning look , she said , `` i wo n't reveal more . 
 besides , we ca n't find the icere kingdom . '' 
 she obviously hated to say kingdom . 
 `` no one can , not even through scrying . 
 you know , considering you washed your hands of me , you 're awfully concerned about the icere . '' 
 `` yes , because no matter what happened afterward with us , twenty-four hours ago i was plucking their arrows out of your body . '' 
 when her hand flittered about her chest at the painful reminder , he gentled his tone . 
 `` what would have happened if you had n't gotten cooled ? '' 
 she cast him a begrudging expression as if she supposed she owed him the answer to this . 
 `` thermal shock . 
 at some point , the rapid temperature change would basically make me shatter . '' 
 `` shatter . '' 
 his voice sounded astonished even to himself . 
 `` how 's that possible ? '' 
 `` if glass is heated evenly , it just gets hot . 
 but when it 's heated unevenly , it cracks . 
 well , i do n't heat evenly . '' 
 `` all icere are susceptible to this ? '' 
 `` no . 
 like them , i have freezing skin . 
 but because i 'm part valkyrie , my blood is a fraction warmer than theirs . '' 
 he slowed . 
 `` if you 're at risk like that , why would you ever be out here alone ? '' 
 chapter 17 because i do n't fit in with my half sisters . 
 because , in lieu of true companionship , i 'd rather be alone , so i can get lost in my fantasy world , dreaming about sex and snow . 
 maybe even sex in the snow ... `` the arrows are what made me so heated , '' she finally said , relieved that they 'd almost reached their destination . 
 `` take away the poison , and i would have survived . 
 i can usually handle myself just fine . '' 
 `` usually ? 
 have you gone into shock before ? '' 
 `` no . 
 last night was the closest i 've been . '' 
 `` then how do you know what will happen ? '' 
 `` i was warned . '' 
 danii , your face is red ! 
 svana had cried again and again . 
 you 've been playing with your sisters too long . 
 you know what your godparents said about getting too hot ... `` warned ? 
 by your parents ? '' 
 `` murdoch , i appreciate your candor about your family . '' 
 an understatement . 
 his tale had moved her in unexpected ways . 
 `` but i wo n't share it about mine . '' 
 when he opened his mouth to ask more , she said , `` besides , we 're here . '' 
 with a negligent wave of her hand , she indicated their first stop , jean lafitte 's . 
 though on bourbon , the tavern was situated at the opposite end from all the hustle and bustle , so it was more like a normal bar without the artificially inflated bourbon street buoyancy . 
 one of the valkyrie 's allies , a storm demon named deshazior , hung out here whenever he was in town . 
 fitting , since he was a former pirate . 
 of course , he 'd been hanging out in this building since the infamous lafitte brothers had run a smithy in it . 
 pausing outside the closest set of double doors , danii told murdoch , `` you should wait here . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because my contact and his crew will want to kill you , and also , i might have to flirt with him . '' 
 the garrulous deshazior had a known weakness for valkyrie - and a lot of valkyrie had known weaknesses for him . 
 desh had even propositioned danii , solemnly telling her in his briny accent , `` i 'd risk freezin ' off my bollocks to claim yer maidenhead . '' 
 `` you think i 'll be jealous ? '' 
 murdoch 's tone was disbelieving . 
 `` i believe i can handle it . '' 
 so arrogant , so dismissive . 
 ego takes another hit . 
 round four , ding ding . 
 with that , he guided her inside . 
 as they entered , cigarette smoke wafted around them . 
 nick cave 's `` people ai n't no good '' crooned from the jukebox . 
 drunk , glum mortals stared into their drinks . 
 murdoch muttered , `` this is a human bar . 
 i thought you mentioned a demon . '' 
 `` i know where loreans loiter , okay ? '' 
 she swiftly spotted desh . 
 he was hard to miss , since he stood seven feet tall . 
 and since he sported large , forward-pointing horns . 
 `` see that big guy with the horns - '' `` he goes out like that ? '' 
 murdoch snapped under his breath . 
 `` with them uncovered for everyone to see ? '' 
 `` yes , whenever he likes . 
 humans think deshazior and his crew are in costume . 
 the demons draw straws to see who gets to wear that . '' 
 she pointed out a sulky-looking demon wearing a neon pink t-shirt that read : `` big easy movie casting ! 
 we arrive in costume ! '' 
 humans asked them about prosthetics in cosplay , autographs , and movie release dates - not about their blatant protrusions . 
 desh turned then , spotting her . 
 `` ah , if it ai n't the fair lady daniela , '' he called . 
 he caught sight of murdoch behind her and immediately tensed . 
 `` with a blightin ' vampire . 
 ye 'll be tellin ' me why me and my boys wo n't be evisceratin ' the leech . '' 
 murdoch watched as daniela 's friendly demeanor turned cold in a flash . 
 `` because i 'll turn your blood to slush if you do , '' she said , raising her palm to her lips . 
 she was so small compared to the hulking demon , but deshazior held up his hands in surrender . 
 `` now , now , beauty . 
 no need to be freezin ' an ole demon like me . 
 it hurts . '' 
 when she dropped her hand , he added in a mutter , `` ladies goin ' with vampires ? 
 city 's gone to hell whilst i 've been away . '' 
 `` i 'm not going with him . 
 we 're in an unlikely alliance on a dangerous mission to help lorekind . 
 an alliance with an expy date of ... oh , dawn . '' 
 `` this one 's lookin ' at ye like yer together , '' the demon said . 
 `` all possessive-like . '' 
 that noticeable ? 
 `` and how am i looking at him ? '' 
 daniela asked in an innocent tone . 
 `` like ye 'd be well rid o ' him , '' deshazior said with a chuckle . 
 `` so what can i do for ye , luv ? '' 
 `` have you seen nix ? '' 
 who was that ? 
 and why was daniela seeking her ? 
 one of the demons with deshazior said , `` nix is out tonight ? '' 
 he anxiously smoothed a palm over each of his horns and straightened his collar . 
 `` i guess that answers that question , '' daniela said with a sigh . 
 `` i 'm also looking for ivo the cruel . '' 
 a flicker arose in deshazior 's eyes as he said , `` aside from the one loomin ' over ye just now , i have n't seen any vamps . '' 
 he 's lying . 
 `` that 's a shame . '' 
 daniela pouted , traipsing closer to him . 
 `` i thought i could count on you for information . '' 
 she reached up and ran the back of one claw along his right horn . 
 at once , deshazior 's muscles tensed . 
 the other demons gasped and groaned . 
 murdoch did n't see why her behavior would elicit a response like that , but their eyes were spellbound by her stroking claw . 
 deshazior had begun quaking . 
 `` givin ' me fits , valkyrie ! '' 
 `` a word alone , '' daniela purred . 
 `` outside . '' 
 with a defeated exhalation , the demon followed them out , mumbling about teasing valkyries and `` horn jobs . '' 
 once the three were out on the street , deshazior glowered at murdoch . 
 then , after an uneasy glance back at his crew inside , he muttered to danii , `` ivo 's here in the city . 
 i do n't know where , but watch yerself . 
 he 's got some on his side that even i would n't tangle with . '' 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 murdoch said . 
 deshazior ignored him . 
 `` and if ye 've need of a partnership to save lorekind , i 'm yer demon . '' 
 he thumped his colossal chest . 
 `` no need to sully yerself with the likes of him . '' 
 murdoch eased his lips back from his fangs . 
 `` i appreciate the offer , '' daniela said . 
 `` but i can make it a night . 
 will you leave word at the coven if you spot them ? '' 
 `` aye - '' suddenly the demon began disappearing , as if he were involuntarily tracing . 
 `` damn it ! 
 a swimbo calls . '' 
 `` what the hell is a swimbo ? '' 
 murdoch asked ; they both ignored him . 
 the demon gazed down at daniela as he began to fade . 
 `` remember , ice maiden , '' he murmured intently , `` my other offer still stands as well . '' 
 the vampire was in front of desh in an instant . 
 `` whatever you offered , she 's not interested . '' 
 but the demon was already gone . 
 murdoch turned to her . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 `` i told you i might have to flirt to get some information . 
 now will you admit you 're jealous , vampire ? '' 
 he surprised her by answering , `` yes . '' 
 just when she felt a flare of pleasure , he doused it by adding , `` though i 'll be damned if i know why . '' 
 `` you truly just said that ? '' 
 she glared at the sky , imploring it for patience before facing him again . 
 `` maybe because i 'm cute and intelligent and i was in your bed last night , and because - oh , i do n't know - i 'm your bride . '' 
 `` what was the demon 's offer ? '' 
 `` that 's between me and him . '' 
 `` is he your type , then ? 
 really ? 
 you like behorned demons who growl yar ! 
 after every bloody sentence ? 
 i thought you 'd be more discerning . '' 
 `` and i thought you were supposed to be seductive and charming . 
 you 're just insulting , gruff , and brooding . '' 
 `` with you . '' 
 he took a step closer , frustration in his expression . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've never been jealous before . 
 and i 've never been clumsy with words around women . '' 
 at that moment , a pair of name-tagged conventioneers ogled her , earning a killing look from murdoch . 
 when they hurried on , he said , `` this is not my typical behavior . '' 
 he exhaled . 
 `` and i ca n't control it . '' 
 he looked defeated , like he could n't reason out this situation and might just stop trying to . 
 `` valkyrie , i 've never been more at odds with myself in my entire existence . '' 
 she almost felt sorry for him , and gentled her tone . 
 `` maybe i 'm getting under your skin . '' 
 he muttered , `` like a thorn . '' 
 danii was just contrary enough to be pleased by this . 
 `` every thorn has its rose , vampire . '' 
 chapter 18 with that , the valkyrie sauntered back up bourbon , drawing slack-jawed stares from more men than he could bare his fangs at . 
 murdoch followed , dimly aware that this might be the longest conversation he 'd ever had with a woman . 
 the steady stream of them in his mortal life meant that he 'd never had to spend a lot of time talking to any single female . 
 in fact , he 'd long felt as if he spoke two languages : one he used with men and the other with women . 
 the former was direct , used to convey information . 
 the latter was laden with innuendo and flirtation , and consisted of little more than compliments . 
 with daniela , he seemed to have forgotten the woman language . 
 maybe he was just out of practice . 
 did n't matter anyway , since she was having none of it , probably did n't even speak it . 
 when he caught up with her , he said , `` now we go to the store ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` it 's back up bourbon for a few wild and woolly blocks , then west a couple more . '' 
 up ahead , the crowd had burgeoned as the night wore on . 
 each bar they passed had begun blaring its own style of music . 
 `` then we have some time to kill . 
 you might as well tell me what a swimbo is . 
 and who 's nix ? '' 
 `` might i ? '' 
 she said , and that was all she said . 
 he took another tack . 
 `` deshazior called you ` ice maiden . ' '' 
 `` that 's one of my names . 
 along with ` ice queen . ' 
 which you like calling me when you 're being unpleasant . '' 
 `` you are n't ... are you a virgin ? '' 
 she gazed away . 
 `` why do you sound so dismayed by this ? '' 
 because you were a virgin in my dream . 
 `` because you 've lived a long time . 
 surely in all those years , you 've found one of your own species to be with . '' 
 `` species , murdoch suave ? 
 really ? '' 
 he could have phrased that better . 
 but he was a shade shocked that he could be walking next to a two-thousand-year-old virgin . 
 `` answer me . 
 has no man ever claimed you ? '' 
 `` only another within my own kind can touch me without hurting me . 
 and yet they 've been trying to kill me since i first left valhalla , '' she said . 
 `` you put it together . '' 
 god , she 's never known a man . 
 whatever she saw in his expression made her glare . 
 `` do n't you dare pity me , murdoch . '' 
 `` have you sought help for this ... coldness ? '' 
 he asked , squiring her well away from a performing fire breather . 
 `` you make it sound like a condition ! 
 but , yes , for your information , i 've gone to the house of witches , to wizards , and even to the patron goddess of impossible things . 
 so far , the best i 've been offered were incomplete spells - like a hex that would prevent me from feeling pain , even though my skin would still burn , or vice versa . '' 
 `` and the goddess ? '' 
 `` she gave me a pair of bowling shoes . '' 
 `` bowling shoes ? '' 
 suddenly plastic beads rained down on them , tossed by topless - male and female - tourists on a balcony to their left . 
 without missing a beat , daniela cast the strands to another group on a balcony directly to their right . 
 `` yes , bowling couture . 
 do n't ask me why . '' 
 `` there 's got to be a way , some other power in the lore - '' `` i 've been to all the reliable , vetted mystical sources i know of . 
 unreliable sources would extract too high a penalty . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` i could go to a lore bazaar where magics are peddled , but would probably end up worse than i am . '' 
 `` worse off ? '' 
 `` magic dispensed by the wrong hands begs for cosmic justice , and it 's usually in the form of a paradox . 
 so if i hired some random practitioner for this , i might become touchable - by , for instance , growing scales . 
 and then no one would want to touch me . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 fables held the same . 
 like the dying man who journeyed to a mystic for a cure , but perished in a freak accident on the way home . 
 `` this is just something i have to live with , '' she finished with a shrug , as if she 'd long since accepted this reality , but he sensed that nothing could be further from the truth . 
 `` i 'm the one virgin you wo n't be adding to your collection . '' 
 `` i 've never had one before . '' 
 but he longed to now . 
 to claim daniela ... to show her what sex can be like . 
 to see that vulnerability in her eyes just as he entered her . 
 this plainly surprised her . 
 `` am i supposed to believe that ? '' 
 `` in my time , taking a virgin meant one risked a sword-point wedding . '' 
 beget no bastards , deflower no maids . 
 as long as he 'd followed those two simple rules , he 'd always gotten to do as he pleased . 
 `` i thought guys like you were forever on the hunt for the next rascally cherry to subdue . '' 
 `` women always think men bed virgins because of the conquest . '' 
 `` you 're saying that has nothing to do with it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the conquest is definitely a part . 
 but i believe the truth runs deeper : men like virgins because women always remember their first lover . 
 men want to be remembered sexually . '' 
 `` so if you did n't enjoy any virgins , did you not want to be remembered ? '' 
 he closed in on her , backing her up against the wall of a closed bistro . 
 resting his hand beside her head , he murmured , `` i had no such fears or desires . 
 i always knew i 'd be remembered - not as the first , but as the best . '' 
 in a clear attempt to disguise how curious she was , daniela said , `` and how does one get to be the best ? 
 i mean , aside from the obvious answer of practice . '' 
 in his mortal life , he 'd been considerate in bed . 
 he 'd made sure he brought great pleasure to every woman he 'd been with . 
 this was n't out of selflessness . 
 quite the opposite . 
 at an early age , he 'd learned that the more word got around that he was a skilled lover , the more women dallied with him . 
 he 'd had an agenda going into each encounter . 
 he 'd been painstaking , his actions measured - and he 'd never , never lost control . 
 now he inched closer to the valkyrie . 
 `` i was generous with my attentions . 
 and i was always in complete control of myself , able to go as long as i needed to go ... '' `` in order to be generous , '' she finished for him in a breathy voice . 
 `` you must have been devoted to women . '' 
 `` i was . '' 
 to women , yes , though never to one . 
 `` but that 's not all . 
 i - '' he stopped . 
 `` what ? 
 what were you going to say ? '' 
 `` i do n't want you to think ... '' he trailed off , running his fingers through his dark hair . 
 `` damn it , i fought just as hard as my brothers in the war . '' 
 `` murdoch , sometimes history is n't kind - '' `` i do n't want you to believe that i shirked my duties . 
 i dug in just as doggedly to protect our people . 
 and i always came through when it counted . 
 the only difference between me and my brothers is what we did in the downtime between conflicts . 
 sebastian spent his time reading , conrad disappeared for reasons unknown , nikolai paced his tent with the weight of the world on his shoulders . 
 i was carefree ... '' `` and you enjoyed women , '' she said . 
 `` why do you care what i think about you ? '' 
 why ? 
 he had no good answer for that . 
 because the blooding tells me to . 
 everything he 'd been thinking and feeling tonight was dictated by it . 
 that had to be what was happening to him . 
 or else he was a masochist about to get attached to a woman he could never touch . 
 chapter 19 `` i 'll tell you why if you reveal the demon 's offer to you , '' murdoch said . 
 `` no , thanks , vampire , i gave you a surplus of information last night , '' danii said tersely , still annoyed that he 'd interrogated her . 
 `` you did tell me much , '' he said . 
 `` but i believe little of it . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 `` you said you did n't eat . '' 
 she raised her brows . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 valkyries could , but since they took nourishment from the electrical energy of the earth , they did n't need to . 
 besides , refraining from eating was a sort of inherent birth control . 
 her kind had no courses and were infertile unless they `` ate of the earth . '' 
 `` you told me you were two thousand years old , '' he said , keeping his gloved hand on her lower back - and keeping pedestrians away . 
 since he 'd learned about the threat of thermal shock , he seemed to be continually checking on how warm she 'd become , monitoring her to see if her breaths were smoking . 
 his attention was flattering , softening some of her anger . 
 `` two thousand is roughly my age . '' 
 `` and two of your three parents are gods ? '' 
 she gave him a pointedly blank expression , which she could tell irritated him . 
 `` then why would they let you get hurt ? '' 
 `` because they 're asleep . '' 
 `` gods ... sleep ? '' 
 `` to conserve power . 
 they derive strength from worshippers . 
 and when was the last time you passed a temple dedicated to freya ? '' 
 he deftly drew her out of the way when a full go-cup dropped from a balcony above , then said , `` the one thing i believed without question ? 
 you told me that if you started kissing me '' - his shoulders went back , cocky grin in place - `` you did n't think you 'd be able to stop . '' 
 could he be any more handsome ? 
 though her attraction to the vampire was wrong on so many levels , it remained as fierce as ever . 
 all night , danii had been drawn to him . 
 not surprisingly . 
 every time she regarded those broad shoulders and steely gray eyes , she recalled their time in his bed . 
 whenever that lock of hair fell over his forehead , she 'd just stopped herself from sighing . 
 though she was an ice queen , acting coldly uninterested with him was becoming more difficult . 
 and coldly uninterested was her shtick ! 
 when he 'd said he 'd been the best lover ... ? 
 gods help her , she 'd believed him . 
 but she 'd also been anxious about him possibly biting her . 
 she did n't think she 'd ever forget the look in his eyes this morning . 
 `` we 'll never find out about the kissing , will we ? '' 
 his brows drew together , as if she 'd uttered something monumental . 
 `` no . 
 we wo n't , then . 
 ever . '' 
 they walked on in awkward silence until she directed him off bourbon . 
 `` what 's this store like ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's owned by a purported voodoo priestess named loa . '' 
 her very name meant voodoo spirit . 
 `` loa is a female shop owner ? '' 
 when danii nodded , he perked up . 
 and considering what loa looked like , danii mused that this might be a bad idea . 
 but nix often dropped by there , and even if loa knew nothing - doubtful - any of her patrons might have information . 
 `` does she have powers ? '' 
 he asked . 
 just as they reached the shop , danii drawled , `` you have no idea . '' 
 on the door hung a sign with the universal symbol of the lore , recognized by all lorekind - except for the forbearers . 
 beside it was a sticker with the word vampires overlaid with a cross bar . 
 beneath that were the lines , `` no shirt , no soul , no service . 
 we use uv protection . '' 
 murdoch frowned . 
 `` uv protection ? 
 is that a joke ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it 's candlelit inside , but along the ceiling are uv lights that can be turned on with a panic button - a fail-safe vampire security system . '' 
 the valkyries had wanted a similar setup for val hall , but their shrieks would just have shattered the bulbs . 
 as unabashed as ever , murdoch shrugged and opened the door for danii . 
 `` are you sure you want to go in ? '' 
 `` you said the owner of this place is a woman ? 
 well , i have a way with women . 
 no panic buttons will be pushed tonight . '' 
 she rolled her eyes , then entered , with him closely following . 
 the front of the shop was a typical tacky tourist haunt , with preserved gator heads and fake gris-gris bags made in china . 
 but , like many of the loreans in the big easy , danii knew there was a back room . 
 inside those walls was everything from demon-size condoms and non-acetone horn polish to intoxispell hangover relief and ghoul blood remover . 
 as expected , candles lit the darkened shop , the bulbs above unused . 
 for now . 
 a lazy , old-fashioned fan buzzed softly , making the candle flames dance . 
 `` does that uv really work ? '' 
 he asked with a glance at the ceiling . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i was going to swap out the overhead light in your porsche with one before i left town . '' 
 `` left new orleans ? 
 where are you going ? '' 
 loa sauntered out from the back room , saving danii from answering . 
 as usual , the sight of loa made danii scowl . 
 gifted with flawless cafe-au-lait skin and a brick-house body , she spoke with a lilting island accent that men found sexy as hell . 
 would murdoch ? 
 tonight she was wearing an impeccably fitted red silk dress that highlighted her every abundant curve . 
 murdoch gave loa an appreciative glance , but so far he had n't looked like a slavering cartoon wolf in a zoot suit . 
 loa was an enigma . 
 she 'd come here - to a town filled with immortals at the most tumultuous time in the lore - as if she wanted to be first in line for the unrest and war of the accession . 
 when loa had taken over the shop for her grandmother , loa senior , a voodoo high priestess , she 'd assumed her new role almost too well . 
 danii recalled telling her at her first open house , `` there 's something puzzling about this island vibe you 've got going . 
 loa senior told me her granddaughter was raised in a ritzy suburb outside parsippany and graduated from notre dame . 
 so how 'd you get the caribbean accent ? '' 
 loa had narrowed her bright amber eyes and answered , `` loa senior tells tales to impress a valkyrie . '' 
 then she 'd added under her breath , `` do n't try to stuff me into one of your little mental boxes . 
 i wo n't fit - any more than you would . '' 
 `` well , valkyrie , '' she said now , making the word sound like vakree . 
 `` slumming with vampires , i see . 
 if your sisters found out ... '' `` they wo n't . 
 because you wo n't tell them if you want to stay in business . '' 
 `` what are you thinking , bringing a vampire into my shop ? 
 can you not read the signs ? '' 
 loa 's attitude rankled . 
 her red , curve-hugging dress rankled . 
 `` probably not as well as you can , since i do n't have a fancy college degree from notre dame . '' 
 between gritted teeth , loa said , `` damn you , i did not go to notre dame . '' 
 `` go fighting irish , rah-rah . '' 
 `` i 'm murdoch wroth , of the forbearer order , '' the vampire interjected smoothly , extending his hand . 
 loa offered her own out of habit , then clearly thought better of it , but he 'd already leaned down and kissed the back of it . 
 `` and you must be the incomparable loa . '' 
 could his deep voice be any sexier ? 
 it reminded danii of how he 'd sounded in bed this morning . 
 loa gazed up at the vampire , looking a bit thunderstruck . 
 `` murdoch wroth ? 
 are n't you one of the legendary wroth brothers ? '' 
 `` one and the same . '' 
 he cast danii a superior grin . 
 `` if i recall , you were the wayward , bed-hopping one . '' 
 danii thought a muscle ticked in his jaw , but he was all polished composure as he said , `` only when around women as lovely as you . '' 
 loa actually tittered . 
 `` well , i suppose if your eyes are clear , i could make an exception to my no-vampire rule . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's a pleasure to meet such a beautiful proprietress . '' 
 i 'm going to be sick . 
 except i do n't eat . 
 `` and i can hear that you 've been blooded , '' loa said . 
 `` surely not by the ice maiden ? '' 
 `` yes , by her , '' he answered in a noncommittal tone . 
 loa smiled . 
 she should . 
 vampires simply did n't flirt like this once they 'd been blooded . 
 at least , not with anyone but their brides . 
 `` what a rogue this one is , ice maiden . 
 you 'll never tame him , child . '' 
 `` do n't want to . '' 
 `` so you wo n't mind if i put you two in loa 's betting book ? 
 the notorious rake blooded by the ice queen - but how long can her frozen clutches keep him from straying ? '' 
 knowing loa would do it regardless , danii affected an unconcerned demeanor . 
 `` knock yourself out . '' 
 cold as a block of ice . 
 `` i suspect we 'll soon be calling you the forbearer 's forsaken one - '' `` can we just get to what we came here for ? '' 
 danii interrupted sharply , her cold faandccedil ; ade cracking . 
 `` ah , yes , '' murdoch said . 
 `` loa , have you heard any information about ivo the cruel ? '' 
 loa turned to danii . 
 `` why ask me ? '' 
 `` ivo 's in the city . '' 
 her lips parted , her amber eyes excited , glowing in the candlelight . 
 `` vampires overrunning us , lykae hunting these very streets ... it 's the accession . 
 finally ! '' 
 `` and you sound like you 're looking forward to it ? '' 
 danii demanded . 
 `` what ? 
 do you want to have an accession sale or something ? '' 
 `` some people benefit . 
 people like me . '' 
 `` alumni , rah ? '' 
 `` ladies . '' 
 murdoch seemed to find danii 's surly behavior amusing . 
 if she were surly , it was only because the air was hot in here . 
 danii always got irritable when hot . 
 `` this makes sense , '' loa said . 
 `` i 'd heard lothaire is here , and he often travels with ivo . '' 
 at the mention of lothaire , danii stifled a shudder . 
 ivo was an evil , sociopathic fiend , but he was at least manageable . 
 lothaire , the enemy of old , was incomprehensible . 
 no one knew what he wanted , and no one could predict what he 'd do next . 
 `` you know where they might be ? '' 
 danii asked . 
 `` they 're definitely staying in the area . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` because lothaire has been seen night after night , '' loa replied . 
 `` there are kobolds camping in the sewers by the river . 
 ask some of them . '' 
 `` i 'll do that . 
 have you seen nix ? '' 
 `` aye , she came round and bought ... she made a purchase . 
 but i do n't know where she went . 
 now , back to you , murdoch . '' 
 loa leaned over the counter onto her elbows , displaying more cle ** age than danii could manage with a thousand water bras . 
 when he raised his brows in admiration , danii stormed from the shop . 
 `` going to make a call outside . '' 
 she refused to watch any more of this . 
 after lafitte 's , she 'd gotten her hopes up about the vampire , again , only to have them dashed now . 
 do i need to see a neon sign flashing this guy 's a player ? 
 `` directly outside , daniela , '' he ordered , surprising her that he 'd even been aware she was leaving - and making her bristle at his commanding tone . 
 on the street , fog from the river was stealing over the quarter , wrapping it in haze . 
 she took a deep breath of low-tide air to calm herself and debated ringing up nix . 
 usually calls were reserved for emergencies , because you never knew when a valkyrie might need silence for stalking something . 
 deciding this was an emergency , danii pulled her sat-phone from her satchel , then dialed nix 's number . 
 and heard nix 's crazy frog ring tone going off in the next alley over . 
 chapter 20 `` i am astonished she 's even talking to you , '' loa said after daniela had walked out , her tone turning decidedly neutral . 
 murdoch narrowed his eyes . 
 she 'd been flirting for the valkyrie 's benefit ? 
 `` why give daniela such a hard time ? '' 
 `` ooh , the vampire does n't like loa toying with his bride . '' 
 `` answer me . '' 
 `` because she wants to be treated like other valkyrie , and that 's how i treat them , '' the priestess said . 
 `` want some advice ? '' 
 when he grudgingly nodded , she said , `` watch for her claws curling , vampire . 
 in a valkyrie , that means she needs a male to sink them into . '' 
 daniela , with her claws sunk in my back as i took her - `` oh , and here . 
 these are on sale , '' loa said as she bent down behind the counter . 
 `` for the ice maiden . '' 
 she tossed him a pair of gloves . 
 `` tell her i said to handle you with care ... '' when murdoch left loa 's , he wore a victorious grin . 
 he 'd purchased the gloves and had garnered a secret about the valkyrie that could be very helpful to him . 
 but by the time murdoch emerged to the now foggy street , daniela was gone . 
 he started back toward the main thoroughfare . 
 after several moments , he spied lukyan at a distance , still intently prowling the streets for ivo . 
 the cossack always seemed to be devoid of fear , almost as if he had a death wish . 
 vigilant rurik traced on the roofs above him . 
 yet there was no sign of daniela . 
 danii rushed to the sound , peering down the stygian alley . 
 finally , she spotted the soothsayer , talking to some figure in the shadows . 
 `` nix ! '' 
 by the time danii reached her , the figure had hastened away . 
 `` who were you talking to ? '' 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 nix 's raven-black hair was wild , her golden eyes vacant as usual - she often saw the future more clearly than the present - but she also looked frazzled and tired . 
 though she wore an immaculate white dress , her hands were filthy . 
 `` and why are you so dirty ? '' 
 danii asked her . 
 `` i 'm dirty ? 
 you 're the one getting busy with a leech . 
 you naughty , freaky minx . '' 
 `` answer the question , '' danii gritted out . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 `` who was who ? '' 
 typical nix - she could be playing innocent , or she truly could have forgotten who she 'd just been talking to seconds before . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she blinked at danii . 
 `` laying low like po-po ? '' 
 at danii 's glare , nix 's mien turned playful . 
 `` trolling for some strange ! 
 no ? 
 composing a tweet ? '' 
 `` nix , are you following me ? '' 
 `` do i need to be ? '' 
 danii inhaled for patience . 
 `` i was looking for you . 
 i need to tell you about - '' `` myst . 
 do n't concern yourself . 
 she 's taken care of . 
 as for your next question , you should go somewhere that is not here . '' 
 she gazed around as if they might be overheard , then loudly whispered , `` there are dempires about . '' 
 `` dempires ? '' 
 danii had never , in her long life , heard the term . 
 `` and lykae all around as well . '' 
 nix jerked her chin in the direction of the main drag . 
 danii glanced over and spotted three lykae walking by , twins and one more . 
 all of them were striking examples of heart throbbing maleness , but then , lykae often were . 
 now they stopped , turned toward danii and nix , and sniffed the air . 
 all three tensed with awareness of other loreans . 
 a standoff . 
 danii drew ice into her palm . 
 then nix wiggled her dirty fingers , beckoning them . 
 looking scarily crazed with her wild hair and unsettling eyes , she cooed , `` come , puppies . 
 come meet destiny . '' 
 out of the corner of her mouth , nix stage-whispered , `` destiny is my fist 's name . '' 
 when the trio spoke in gaelic , and carried on , nix chuckled . 
 `` what ? 
 what 'd they say ? '' 
 `` that we were n't worth the bother . 
 that you 're the frigid one and i 'm crazy . 
 seems they 've got our numbers ! '' 
 the frigid one . 
 lowly lykae thought of her like that ? 
 my ego 's on life support . 
 prognosis grim . 
 `` we 're eventually going to be allies with them , you know , '' nix said dimly . 
 `` in-laws , even . '' 
 danii snorted . 
 the valkyrie considered the lykae little better than animals . 
 `` you 're joking , right ? '' 
 `` would i joke about something like this ? '' 
 `` emphatically , yes . 
 now tell me , why did you predict i 'd get fixed last night ? '' 
 `` i said you might . 
 look at the upside : you got to enjoy a male who was n't an icere bounty hunter and who did n't have designs to murder you . 
 at least , not until he got peckish . '' 
 `` would murdoch have hurt me ? 
 will he ? '' 
 nix tilted her head in the direction of loa 's shop . 
 `` i used to be able to read him as easily as his brothers , like open books . 
 but now i get little on him . 
 i just see that you 've got him confounded , not knowing up from down anymore . 
 at three hundred years old , he 'd thought he was quit of uncertainty like this . '' 
 `` wait , you said brothers ? 
 does more than one live ? '' 
 `` you 'd better get back to the vampire , he 's about to spot - '' `` daniela ! '' 
 murdoch 's voice boomed down the alley . 
 danii glanced over her shoulder at him , then back , but nix had already vanished . 
 damn it . 
 she swiftly hit redial on her phone , yet all was silence . 
 when murdoch reached her , danii saw genuine concern on his face . 
 `` why did you leave ? '' 
 she hiked her shoulders . 
 `` i thought you 'd be longer in there . '' 
 `` now who 's jealous ? '' 
 `` hardly . '' 
 `` i just wanted to prove that i 'm not gruff and brooding , '' he said . 
 `` or that i only am with you . 
 and besides , i was just flirting to get information . '' 
 when she still glared , he said , `` admit it , you were jealous . '' 
 `` no , i 'm embarrassed . 
 because everyone would expect you to be possessive and intent only on me . 
 they 're going to see this as a failing in me . '' 
 `` you said the blooding did n't make one want his bride . '' 
 `` no , not if the bride or mate or whatever was objectionable . 
 but am i really that objectionable ? '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` you truly ca n't understand any hesitation on my part ? '' 
 he was making her feel like more of a freak than anyone had in two thousand years . 
 but that was a lie . 
 there 'd been the roman ... `` vampire , i think you 're afraid to settle down - with anyone . 
 you were single for years and celibate for three hundred more . 
 and now you have bachelor 's panic . '' 
 `` i do n't even know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` bp ? 
 it 's when a man irrationally fears a woman he especially likes . 
 he gets ascared of said woman 's toothbrush breaching the perimeter of his man cave , et cetera . '' 
 `` panic ? 
 i do n't panic , '' he sneered the word . 
 `` daniela , you ca n't be touched . '' 
 the frigid one . 
 enough of this . 
 `` no , you ca n't ! 
 your heart 's colder than mine . 
 you are the untouchable one . '' 
 she turned from him , wanting away from this vampire with his unflinching honesty . 
 because it ... hurt . 
 the life i have inside my head ... murdoch followed her . 
 `` just because i 'm not ready to blindly accept a bride i hardly know - for eternity - makes me coldhearted ? 
 i 'd say it makes me rational . '' 
 `` oh , so maybe it 's not me , it 's you ? 
 make up your mind ! '' 
 `` even if you were all things perfect for me , i would resent this situation . 
 the forbearers have learned to fear bloodlust because it makes vampires crazed and out of control . 
 but so does the blooding ! 
 yet we 're supposed to welcome it ? '' 
 he hastened in front of her , blocking her way . 
 `` it 's making me behave in ways i normally would n't . 
 would you wish this for yourself ? 
 to have your personality completely rewritten ? '' 
 `` if i had your personality ? 
 ab-so-lutely . 
 because here 's the thing - you 're not special anymore . 
 you 're not unique in the lore . 
 you 're a leech who used to have it easy getting laid . 
 and now , you 're just predictable . '' 
 he advanced on her until she backed up against the wall of a building . 
 `` just a manwhore , huh ? '' 
 they were in each other 's faces , her breaths smoking between them . 
 `` that really bothers you ? '' 
 they were fighting - she needed to stop glancing at his lips . 
 `` should n't it ? '' 
 when his gaze dropped to her br ** sts , transfixed as she panted , she demanded , `` what ? 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 he faced her with his eyes narrowed , turning that fierce obsidian color . 
 `` the same thing i wanted this morning . '' 
 his voice grew husky . 
 `` to stop fighting with you and start kissing you . '' 
 she swayed on her feet . 
 he 'd wanted that ? 
 `` but you ca n't . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't smooth my fingers over the inside of your wrist . '' 
 with his gloved hand , he lifted her hair . 
 `` i ca n't run my lips over your neck ... or suckle your br ** sts . 
 and it 's driving me mad . '' 
 he eased his body even closer to hers , resting his forearms against the wall on either side of her head . 
 his mouth was right at her ear as he asked , `` am i too close ? 
 does this hurt you ? '' 
 she felt his erection press against her belly and choked back a moan . 
 `` no , no ... but how do i know you wo n't bite me ? '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i swear it . '' 
 just when she perceived his h * ps drawing back , and she knew he was about to thrust against her body , her ears twitched . 
 she shoved him away . 
 `` we 've got company . '' 
 daniela had spotted something . '' 
 grab that one ! '' 
 she cried , pointing in the direction of a garbage heap down the alley . 
 murdoch spied a gray-haired gnomelike being with a miniature cane and traced forward like a shot . 
 but the creature was fast , scurrying from him . 
 it took several minutes of cat-and-mouse before murdoch caught it by the collar , lifting it up . 
 the little thing had red cheeks and a kindly appearance , but looked terrified . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 daniela called from a distance , hastening to catch up . 
 `` now smack it around ! '' 
 he glanced back at her . 
 `` smack it ? '' 
 once she reached them , she jerked her chin at the gnome . 
 when murdoch turned back , it was twisting around to take a bite of his arm . 
 murdoch gave it a shake , and for the briefest instant , he thought he saw a reptilian-like visage flicker over its face . 
 `` christ ! 
 what is this ? '' 
 `` ca n't tell him , lady daniela ? '' 
 it said . 
 `` he 's a forbearer leech . 
 but you might tell all if you became a vampire 's whore , like the coveted one ? 
 how far you valkyrie fall ! '' 
 daniela strode forward and slapped it , stifling a wince at the contact . 
 the creature growled , then locked its eyes on murdoch . 
 `` what are you doing with a cold bitch like this one ? '' 
 it asked , becoming the first being to question why murdoch was with her . 
 now murdoch cuffed it . 
 `` where is ivo the cruel , kobold ? '' 
 daniela asked . 
 kobold ? 
 as loa had spoken of . 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 she lowered her voice , looking sinister when she said , `` because if you do n't , i 'm going to freeze you solid , then chip away your flesh with your own little cane . '' 
 the kobold swallowed . 
 `` i-i might have seen ivo and lothaire about earlier . '' 
 `` where are they staying ? '' 
 when it hesitated , murdoch gave it another violent shake . 
 `` outside the parish ! 
 in the bayou . 
 near val hall . '' 
 `` near val hall ? '' 
 daniela repeated in amazement . 
 `` have they no fear ? '' 
 `` they 're different , '' the kobold said . 
 `` you ca n't fight them . '' 
 the same thing deshazior had told them . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` heard it from a rat demon who heard it from one of the crocodilae shifters . 
 that 's all i know - vow it to the lore ! '' 
 `` toss him , '' daniela said . 
 `` hard . '' 
 murdoch flung the kobold back into the garbage heap , and it skulked away with a gurgling hiss . 
 `` okay , vampire , you have plenty to go on now , '' she said , still catching her breath from her earlier sprint . 
 `` dawn 's only a couple of hours away , so i think this is where we ... '' she trailed off when she saw him frowning at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` are you hot ? '' 
 `` no , i 'll manage , '' she said , but her skin was reddened , her face pinched . 
 he swallowed . 
 `` daniela , your breaths are n't smoking . '' 
 chapter 21 the vampire stared down at her with alarmed eyes . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' she assured him , but she was still hot from the night before and had exerted herself too much keeping up with murdoch 's chase . 
 `` it 's ... nothing . '' 
 if she could get back to the meat locker quickly enough . 
 how many blocks is it to my car - he grabbed her hand . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 suddenly she was in a cold , dark room . 
 he traced me ? 
 she 'd never been traced when she was fully cognizant , and it made her dizzy , as if she 'd just stepped off a pitching ship . 
 she warily darted her eyes around them . 
 the heat and sounds of new orleans were gone . 
 she and the vampire now stood in what looked like an old-fashioned drawing room with sheet-draped furniture . 
 extensive marble floors conducted the chill until it seeped right into her bones . 
 delicious . 
 `` where have you taken me ? '' 
 `` a hunting lodge in siberia . '' 
 `` siberia ? '' 
 the very word connoted cold and made her toes curl with pleasure . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you were getting hot . '' 
 `` it happens , you know . 
 you did n't have to trace me out of louisiana . '' 
 she started toward one of the soaring windows , taking in details as she crossed the spacious interior . 
 she could tell that murdoch was n't actively living here , but the lodge was clean and in good repair . 
 it was also opulent , with gilt walls and moldings inlaid with gems . 
 elaborate wood carvings adorned the doorways and the great hearth . 
 this place was a time capsule , like a tsar 's hideaway preserved from hundreds of years ago . 
 at the window , she gazed out , then inhaled sharply at the night scene . 
 `` if you 'd rather go ... '' he said from behind her . 
 snow . 
 everywhere . 
 danii adored monochromatic landscapes , and here white fluff blanketed the grounds - as it should . 
 `` is this property yours ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's one of my war spoils . '' 
 then this was a kindness , bringing her here . 
 maybe he 'd been right before - maybe when it really counted , he came through . 
 `` there are so many trees , '' she said . 
 copses around the lodge led to the dense forest beyond . 
 they were all coated with ice , their branches ponderous with it . 
 `` larch trees , '' he said . 
 `` one of the few kinds that will grow here . '' 
 in front of the manor , a lake lay frozen and glazed , reflecting the blue aurora borealis above . 
 stunning . 
 without tearing her gaze away , she asked , `` you 've kept this since the war ? '' 
 `` surprisingly , there 's not a large market for siberian hunting lodges . 
 i know , i scarcely understand it myself . '' 
 her lips curled . 
 `` my brothers and i divided anything we won . 
 nikolai needed no residence , because he would have blachmount , the family manor . 
 this property lay in the middle of nowhere , with lands all the way to the arctic ocean , yet the lodge was incongruously lavish . 
 i wanted it , '' he ended with a shrug . 
 `` why is it so lavish ? '' 
 `` it belonged to a baron . 
 he owned a nearby diamond mine . '' 
 `` do you ever stay here ? '' 
 `` sometimes i come here to hunt in the winter , '' he said . 
 `` lots of game , since we 're at the edge of continuous permafrost . 
 it stays frozen almost year-round , only thaws for a month or two in the summer . '' 
 she could tell he was already feeling the cold , though as an immortal , he could withstand some seriously harsh elements . 
 the temperature here was getting to her as well , invigorating her , even as she felt herself relaxing from the stresses of the night . 
 here there was no threat from the icere . 
 or the vampire . 
 for hours , she 'd been both attracted to him yet fearful at the same time , but no longer . 
 he would n't be able to bite her here . 
 she 'd be too powerful . 
 `` i have n't seen snow in decades . '' 
 were those sideways icicles ? 
 her heart sang - that meant some formidable storms blew here . 
 `` i can have ice , but never snow . '' 
 `` you could visit cold climes . '' 
 `` i 'd almost rather not , '' she said . 
 `` since it would be too hard to return . '' 
 `` but now you ca n't return . 
 you were leaving new orleans tonight for good , were n't you ? '' 
 `` my suitcases are in my car , '' she admitted , her mind working . 
 murdoch had taken her to the vastness of siberia , which spanned a third of the northern hemisphere . 
 she could n't find a better place to disappear . 
 tracing vampires could n't be followed . 
 there 'd be no travel arrangements for icere assassins to unearth . 
 no airports where she might run into sigmund 's spies . 
 and more , something about this place called to her . 
 breathing deeply of the crisp air , she said , `` it 's so lovely here . '' 
 with the natural cold permeating every cell in her body , she felt better than she had in memory . 
 she grew more confident , brazen even . 
 at that moment , she decided that he did n't appreciate his siberian paradise as much as he should . 
 she would do a far better job of treasuring it . 
 danii would be staying . 
 now she just had to convince him . 
 should she prove unmoving and intractable as a glacier ? 
 or should she dazzle him like a rare frost flower ? 
 when she faced him , the look in his eyes made her decision easy . 
 his gray irises were flickering with black , his mien showing hints of that possessiveness she 'd detected earlier this eve . 
 i 'll show him frigid ... `` you know , vampire , nothing feels quite so decadent as snow against my bare skin , '' she murmured , slipping off her satchel . 
 `` and ice can be a wicked pleasure . 
 if i 'm ... naked . '' 
 as she began unlacing her dress , he swallowed audibly . 
 she could see his shaft thickening in his slacks . 
 `` you 're getting hard . 
 but then , you do n't need me for that anymore . '' 
 he drew closer to her . 
 `` maybe i want you for it . 
 i 'm hard - for you . '' 
 `` maybe you should have thought about that before you treated me so badly . '' 
 again , he denied nothing , just gave a sharp nod . 
 `` but perhaps there 's a way you can make it up to me . '' 
 `` let 's hear it . '' 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` murdoch , do you spook easily ? '' 
 `` i have n't been known to ... '' he trailed off when she turned to the door , heading outside into the night , stripping as she went . 
 chapter 22 all thoughts of i lead and women follow vanished when he tripped outside after her . 
 as her delighted laughter sounded in the distance , he realized he could n't remember the last time he 'd felt this much excitement . 
 christ , when she 'd begun removing her skimpy dress ... exhilaration had spiked in him , not to mention arousal . 
 he was so very rarely surprised by women . 
 now he had no idea what she 'd do next . 
 soon he came upon her little boots , kicked off in the snow , and he gave a low groan . 
 will she strip completely ? 
 each second , his shaft was getting hotter , even as the temperature dropped . 
 a dozen feet farther on , he saw her discarded dress . 
 he scooped it up , bringing it to his face to inhale her cool scent . 
 his heart - which had begun beating for her alone - was thundering . 
 when he reached her , she was lying back in a snowdrift , stretching with her arms above her head - in nothing more than a wisp of black silk panties . 
 her perfect br ** sts were uncovered , her ni ** les so stiff they looked like they ached . 
 his fingers went limp and he dropped her dress , hissing , `` almighty . '' 
 she laughed anew at his reaction . 
 not surprisingly , she had a musical laugh . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 where 's my control now ? 
 seconds before , he 'd found himself thinking , i 'd follow her anywhere . 
 `` no compunction about being stripped in front of me ? '' 
 `` never . 
 besides , you 've seen every inch of me . '' 
 she seemed drunk from the snow , shoveling her fingers through it , bringing handfuls up to her lips to kiss . 
 he turned away from her , disconcerted by how much she affected him , by how her laughter seemed to make something twist in his chest . 
 determined not to even glance at her until he regained some equilibrium , he sat back against a frost-coated tree trunk . 
 `` you 're angry with me , vampire ? '' 
 she was walking on her knees toward him . 
 do n't look at her . 
 his hands were fists by his sides . 
 `` not angry . '' 
 bloody confused , exasperated . 
 `` no , i 'm - '' he broke off when she was kneeling inches before him . 
 in a strangled voice , he said , `` what the hell is happening to you ? '' 
 here in the cold , her appearance had begun to change . 
 she was transforming . 
 her hair had become laced with ice and lighter in color , so blond it was almost white . 
 shining tendrils were frozen in long streams , descending to cover her br ** sts or spreading out from her head as though whipped in the wind . 
 her lashes were tipped with ice crystals , and more crystals formed semicircles around her eyes . 
 her lips were pale , bluish even , and were parted , but no smoke came from her breaths . 
 because they were freezing as well . 
 delicate cobalt blue tracings swirled around her wrists in wispy patterns . 
 her eyes were bright beneath the aurora , a fiery blue matching that in the sky . 
 they burned with an ancient knowledge . 
 everything about this moment with her should feel foreign . 
 but it ... did n't . 
 i 've dreamed of this . 
 would she think him mad if he told her he 'd seen her like this in a vision ? 
 he 'd been hard for her before , but now he was throbbing . 
 these changes attracted him fiercely . 
 he feared he could go off right in his pants . 
 no , i never lose control . 
 keep telling yourself that , murdoch . 
 `` you like ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` this is how i 'm supposed to look . 
 and how i 'm supposed to feel . '' 
 the cold clearly aroused her . 
 his greedy gaze took in her shallow breaths , her trembling lithe body . 
 her little claws had turned blue and were curling sharply . 
 i know what that means now . 
 at the thought of her sinking those claws into his back as he plunged inside her , he had to stifle a groan . 
 behind her , lightning speared through the aurora . 
 `` the lightning is yours . '' 
 he was surprised his voice was steady . 
 her gaze was mesmerizing . 
 she nodded . 
 `` valkyrie give it off with emotion . '' 
 `` i dreamed of you like this , daniela . '' 
 connection . 
 when she cast him a doubting expression , he said , `` do n't believe me ? 
 those lines of blue trace along your lower back as well . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` what else did you dream ? '' 
 `` i took your virginity , '' he blurted out . 
 she shivered . 
 `` and how did i react ? '' 
 `` you wanted me to . 
 you wanted ... me . '' 
 you let me take your neck . 
 his eyes fixed on her supple flesh , and his fangs ached for her . 
 he raked his tongue along one of them for a shot of blood , pretended it was hers . 
 `` come closer , vampire . '' 
 in a flash , he was up on his knees before her . 
 without removing his coat , she began unbuttoning the shirt underneath , spreading the edges . 
 `` will you be too cold ? '' 
 `` i can take it . '' 
 once his chest was bared , she drew closer until her lips were less than an inch away from him . 
 she eased down his torso like this , her breaths like little bites of frost , as if she were running an ice cube along his skin . 
 he shivered - but not from cold . 
 as she made her way back up , she said , `` murdoch ? '' 
 `` uh ? '' 
 was all he could manage . 
 she leaned up to whisper right at his ear , `` you 're going to let me stay in this place . '' 
 when she nipped his earlobe with her teeth , his c ** k jerked in his pants , his sac tightening . 
 wait , what had she just said ? 
 she moved to his other ear . 
 `` would you like to do that ? '' 
 she breathed , making him shudder with want . 
 `` i 'm going to install myself - a female - in one of your properties . 
 and i 'm going to decorate it as i see fit . '' 
 ca n't ... form ... words . 
 `` you want me to , do n't you ? '' 
 she slowly gazed up , looking at him from under a lock of shining , icy hair . 
 she nibbled her plump lip , and he was finished , defeated . 
 he watched , bewildered , as his gloved fingertips traced the crystals at her temple . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm saying this . 
 `` you can stay . '' 
 he 'd always wanted to discard females - not move them into his home . 
 he was dimly aware that the seducer was being seduced . 
 the player had just gotten played . 
 yet he was still in the game . 
 `` you 'll stay here . 
 but first we need to seal this deal , valkyrie . 
 and i know just how . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 he took out the gloves loa had given him . 
 `` put these on . '' 
 chapter 23 he bought me gloves ? 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 danii asked as she gamely drew them on . 
 for the first time in ages , she felt powerful . 
 the ability to bring this massive warrior to his knees was heady . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 his voice was rough with need , his expression one of single-minded intent . 
 with each second , she grew more aroused for him . 
 yet then the wind came up , and the snow-covered limbs raked the drafts . 
 they soughed like music , like secrets . 
 the sounds , the scents , teased her . 
 something within the dark depths of that cold beckoned ... `` daniela ? '' 
 murdoch competed with the pull . 
 she faced him once more , gazing up into eyes grown black with desire . 
 anticipation . 
 danii felt it , was getting caught up in it . 
 when he took a lock of her hair and used a curl to stroke her nipple , she gave a cry and arched her back . 
 the cold amplified every whisper of touch - she needed more . 
 `` put your hands on me , vampire . '' 
 he groaned , covering both of her br ** sts with his gloved palms , molding them , cupping as she panted . 
 with a master 's skill , he tormented the tips , puckering one , then the other . 
 once he 'd made them throb , he placed a hand flat against her chest , pressing her back . 
 as she stretched out in the snow , he curled his fingers in her panties , dragging them from her . 
 yet then he merely gazed over her na ** d body for long moments , his shaft bulging . 
 she reached forward , stroking his erection through his pants as his head fell back . 
 eager to use her gloves , she murmured , `` take it out , murdoch . '' 
 `` it will freeze , '' he said , facing her . 
 `` if it did , then i could suckle you at my leisure . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` would you ? '' 
 `` for hours . 
 but for now , i 'll be sure to rub you really fast , keep it warm with friction . '' 
 with a hard shake of his head , he set her hand away . 
 `` i want to see you come first . 
 when you 're like this . 
 want to see your face , '' he said , moving to kneel between her legs . 
 `` daniela , put your arms over your head . 
 part your thighs for me . '' 
 following his commands , she eased her arms back , then spread her legs . 
 `` that 's it , '' he rasped , his gaze riveted to her sex . 
 he might as well have been petting her there , because her body responded . 
 when he licked his lips , looking desperate to taste her , her h * ps rolled . 
 what would his kiss be like ? 
 would he be gentle with her ? 
 or ravenous ... ? 
 `` wider , '' he grated , and she let her knees fall open . 
 with a harsh groan , he lowered his head to run his face alongside her thigh , never touching her . 
 but she could feel his breath , making her tremble . 
 over and over his breaths trailed up and down her thighs as his gloved hands fondled her br ** sts . 
 she was shameless , undulating for his mouth , nearly ready to endure the burn just for a brief touch of his tongue . 
 `` i want to kiss you so much . '' 
 his mouth was an inch from her sex , his fogging breaths tickling her clitoris . 
 `` spread you before me and lick you till you scream for me . '' 
 `` murdoch , '' she moaned . 
 `` i ca n't take much more of this . '' 
 `` do you want me to make you come ? '' 
 he asked , leaning up . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` you told me the ice feels wicked against your skin . '' 
 he reached to his side and plucked a long , thick icicle from a twig . 
 `` were you hinting to me ? '' 
 his eyes were dark and fierce . 
 hers went wide . 
 ah , gods , did he plan to touch her with that ? 
 she held her breath ... until he grazed the smooth end over her cheek , making her shiver . 
 `` it does n't melt against your skin , '' he murmured , seeming fascinated as he traced it lower to her parted lips . 
 with her gaze holding his , her tongue darted out to lick the tip just before she sucked the phallus-shaped ice between her lips . 
 a strangled sound broke from his chest . 
 heady power . 
 when she relinquished it with a last darting lick , he skimmed it down her chest to the beginning swell of her br ** sts . 
 they were heaving with excitement , her ni ** les begging for attention . 
 with the ice , he circled one taut peak , then the other , until her back was arching up to meet each frozen caress . 
 so sensual , so perfect . 
 `` yes , murdoch ... clever vampire . '' 
 now he was using his mind , delighting her by taking her here , pleasuring her body with the ice . 
 she swallowed when he trailed it along her torso , past her navel . 
 he repeatedly teased it just above her curls , making her undulate for it , sometimes holding it just out of reach to play with her . 
 `` do you want this ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` how badly ? '' 
 he smoothed the edge of the ice down until it was just against her aching clitoris . 
 `` please , please ... '' when he began lazily rolling it over the bud , she gasped , then moaned low . 
 `` my female likes this . '' 
 his smoldering gaze was rapt on his ministrations . 
 `` ah , gods , yes ! '' 
 again and again , he worked it back and forth , sending her closer each time . 
 between ragged breaths , she said , `` more , murdoch . '' 
 he skimmed her slick opening , making her cry out with bliss . 
 lightning streaked across the sky . 
 their gazes met ; his held a question . 
 `` yes , do it ! 
 inside me ... '' then ... he slipped it into her wetness . 
 she arched her back , moaning with abandon . 
 cold . 
 exquisite . 
 emboldened by her response , he began languidly thrusting the phallus inside her sheath . 
 her gloved hands dug into the snow , her head thrashing . 
 she 'd never been brought to come by another . 
 i 'm about to be . 
 he 'd meant to tease her . 
 to send her out of her mind with pleasure . 
 but now his mind was in turmoil , his shaft rampant in his pants , about to erupt . 
 `` do n't stop ... '' when she rolled up her h * ps to drive the ice deeper , his own h * ps bucked uncontrollably in response . 
 sex . 
 want sex . 
 want to plunge hard into her . 
 he needed to replace the ice with his c ** k so badly he thought he 'd go mad . 
 `` murdoch , '' she moaned . 
 `` i 'm coming ! '' 
 as she cl ** axed , her body writhed in a wanton display - and he felt the beginning tremors in his shaft . 
 her cries made him frenzied . 
 now , for the first time , this encounter would n't be about building his reputation so he could secure pleasure for himself . 
 this was going to be rough and unplanned and dirty . 
 because he was about to spill in his pants . 
 as soon as she pushed his hand away , spent , he said , `` you 're going to make me come , bride . '' 
 he tore open his zipper , took his c ** k in hand , and almost went off . 
 he had to squeeze down tight on the head to stop his seed . 
 `` do you want to ? '' 
 she breathed , `` oh , yes . '' 
 `` then stroke it . '' 
 he did n't recognize his own snarling voice . 
 as he held on to the head , she cupped the shaft in her fingers , running her fist up and back . 
 `` ah , god , again ! '' 
 on her second stroke , he widened his knees , thrusting up to her grip . 
 his balls drew tight , readying , swelling . 
 `` that 's it ... '' on the third stroke , he removed his hand . 
 at once , he began ejaculating in her fist , the crown of his c ** k steaming with hot seed . 
 so f ** king good ... feels ... a brutal groan broke from his chest as he watched her milking him steadily , pumping his se ** n out into the snow , again and again . 
 once she 'd wrung him dry , he collapsed onto his back , hurriedly tucking his rapidly cooling shaft back in his pants . 
 unable to help himself , he turned on his side to stare at her . 
 daniela the ice maiden had so much fire ... a man could get burned . 
 if i 'm not wary , i 'm going to become dangerously obsessed with a woman . 
 he 'd bragged to her that sexually he 'd been able to last as long as he pleased - because he always had been . 
 yet within hours of his boast , he 'd almost come in his pants . 
 he 'd told her that he never lost control - she 'd made him totally f ** king lose control . 
 she was smiling , glancing up from under her icy lashes . 
 `` you should probably go get my things before dawn breaks in new orleans . 
 i left two suitcases in my car . 
 it 's a red x6 , parked near the corner of dauphine and st. philip . '' 
 she had that optimistic air about her again , her eyes glittering like the crystals on her face . 
 her expression reminded him of the hopeful one she 'd evinced their first morning together . 
 he stiffened , reacting to it as poorly as he had then . 
 she noticed his sudden tension . 
 `` murdoch , we had an agreement . '' 
 how did she turn this around on me ? 
 he felt like scratching his head in bafflement . 
 i control situations with women . 
 `` and how are you to stay here ? '' 
 `` you know i do n't eat . 
 i do n't need or want heat . 
 this is ideal for my needs , '' she said , her tone growing absent . 
 she seemed distracted , her gaze fixed on the drifts in the distance . 
 `` fine , suit yourself . '' 
 he stood , buttoning his shirt . 
 `` though i do n't know when you think i 'll be able to return . '' 
 she blinked up at him . 
 he thought he spied a brief flash of hurt in her eyes , but it vanished so swiftly he decided he imagined it - especially when she said , `` vampire , after you fetch my stuff , i 'm not asking you to return at all . '' 
 with a scowl , he traced back to the quarter and found her car just where she 'd said it 'd be . 
 he traced inside to grab her bags . 
 back out on the street , holding two suitcases , he thought to himself : my god , what have i done ? 
 chapter 24 while he went to collect her things , danii slipped on her dress , then explored her new hideout . 
 murdoch had modernized the lodge to a degree . 
 there was running water , lighting , plumbing , and a fairly new generator . 
 she found bedding and towels . 
 in every spacious room , the timeless sculptures , decorations , and brickwork had proved impervious to cold . 
 which meant this place was perfect for her . 
 she was a nester . 
 her star sign decreed nesting , and she was helpless to resist . 
 the first thing it needed was ... ice . 
 when he returned with her bags , murdoch gruffly showed her to a guest room , acting like he 'd made a huge concession by letting her stay . 
 but he also appeared a bit wild-eyed as he glanced from her to the suitcases and back . 
 she supposed bp would be worse in him since he 'd been single for so long . 
 `` do you have something in your bags to write my number on ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` yes , but you can just tell me . 
 i 'll remember . '' 
 as soon as he uttered the last of the digits , he hastily said , `` but keep in mind that i 'll be extremely busy following our leads and hunting ivo . '' 
 she gave him her best ice queen impression . 
 `` of course , i understand . '' 
 but did she ? 
 if she were honest , she would acknowledge that deep down , she 'd hoped to convince him to stay here with her . 
 which regrettably had n't panned out . 
 but no matter what , she still had this prime place of safety to hide out for a time - and that 's what really counted . 
 if he did n't want to experience more of the exquisite pleasure they 'd just shared , then it was his loss . 
 which means it 's mine as well - `` good bye , then , '' he said , tracing away before she could say anything else . 
 once she was alone , she gave a casual shrug as if she was n't hurt . 
 but fooling him was easier than fooling herself . 
 ignoring the pang in her heart , she proceeded to decorate , figuring it would be many days before she saw him again ... hours later , she lay on the stripped bed in the master room , eschewing the smaller chamber he 'd stuck her in . 
 a delightfully chill wind blew , rushing in through the outer doors and windows - which she 'd opened to the freezing night . 
 she was fatigued from her labors , but pleased with her progress . 
 icicles embellished all the woodwork and doorways , and ice sheets covered each of the walls . 
 yet then she frowned . 
 the glazed walls looked faceless , the flawless ice seeming barren to her . 
 those unbroken sheets bothered her , like an off smell or a discordant sound would . 
 and the irritation was sharp , as strong as the pull she 'd been feeling to this place . 
 she rose and crossed to the bedroom window , looking at the dark woods surrounding the lodge , then back inside at the walls . 
 out , then in . 
 wrong . 
 unable to stand it any longer , she fashioned a spear of ice , galvanizing it with layer after layer , honing it . 
 once finished , she took her makeshift chisel to the wall , stabbing the glaze . 
 then again . 
 and again , until peculiar markings began to take shape . 
 murdoch would not return to siberia . 
 i 've made it seven days , i can make it seven more . 
 he 'd finished chasing his leads for the night , and dawn was approaching - lukyan and rurik had already returned to mount oblak . 
 but it would be dark in siberia . 
 lulls in action were dangerous for murdoch . 
 they made the temptation to return to daniela harder to resist . 
 no , he refused . 
 because of the blooding , he was just supposed to succumb ? 
 to tolerate this total loss of power ? 
 welcome a complete personality rewrite ? 
 he was determined not to go to her like some lovesick lad , especially since she obviously could n't have cared less when he 'd been about to leave that last night . 
 and she had n't called him once . 
 part of him resented how easily she 'd manipulated him . 
 another part resented her encroachment . 
 but that did n't mean he had bachelor 's panic , as she 'd accused - which , he 'd noted , handily placed all the blame on him for this , while ignoring the difficulties she presented as a bride . 
 in any case , if a woman 's toothbrush was this age 's symbol of female encroachment , try two stuffed suitcases . 
 so for the last week , he 'd kept himself occupied , endeavoring not to think of her at all . 
 with lukyan and rurik , he 'd been following the leads she 'd helped generate , closing in on ivo with each one . 
 he 'd tried repeatedly to see nikolai , but his brother was usually ... engaged with myst . 
 during this time , murdoch went to bed exhausted every day , hoping that he would n't dream of daniela . 
 but he always did . 
 and each time , that strange voice asked : what would you sacrifice ? 
 what would you do for her ? 
 he glanced at the lightening sky once more , feeling nearly powerless not to return to her , to check on how she was settling in , to see if he 'd imagined the blue of her eyes or her crisp , clean scent . 
 in his homeland , the fall came with a pounding rain , scouring the countryside . 
 then one morning the rain would be gone , and they would wake to a white landscape . 
 the air would be briskly clean , carrying the slight tang of the nearby northern seas . 
 daniela smelled like those rare mornings . 
 the ones he had never forgotten . 
 wait - maybe she had n't been able to recall his number . 
 what if she 'd wanted to contact him but could n't ? 
 he should go just to check on her . 
 yes , to make sure she had everything she needed . 
 he traced back to the lodge . 
 murdoch 's jaw went slack at the scene that greeted him . 
 the windows were all open and ice was ... everywhere . 
 she 'd spun it all over the manor like a spider spins a web . 
 he 'd been raised on the baltic in the seventeen hundreds . 
 keeping a home warm had been paramount . 
 yet now ice arched in the doorways , rounding out the square doorjambs . 
 icicles dangled from the ceiling and descended from the windows like curtains . 
 the walls were covered in a white glaze , and she 'd carved primitive-looking symbols into the ice . 
 she had no right . 
 bachelors panicked over a toothbrush ? 
 try having an otherworldly female leave a permanent ice storm in one 's hunting lodge . 
 who would n't panic ? 
 and she was nowhere to be found . 
 as he stalked from one empty room to the next , the level of disappointment he felt both staggered and perplexed him . 
 when he reached his bedroom , he saw that she 'd been sleeping there - she 'd stripped the bed of all its blankets . 
 why would she stay here and not in the room where he 'd initially put her bags ? 
 she 's been sleeping in my bed ? 
 that knowledge did something to him , touching some dark , primal drive within him . 
 the thought of keeping his female protected within his property , in a stronghold won by his sword ... aroused him . 
 sleeping in my bed . 
 he gave himself a shake , then turned to one of her unpacked suitcases , finding a couple of erotic novels with titles that had him raising his brows and a collection of lingerie he 'd be imagining on her for years to come . 
 he picked up one of her silk nightgowns , inhaling her scent . 
 not surprising , he grew hard as rock . 
 but his fangs also sharpened . 
 why was she the only one who tempted him to drink from the flesh ? 
 he 'd never been tempted before her and had n't had the slightest urge all week until now . 
 setting the gown away , he opened the second bag . 
 it was filled with containers of salt . 
 what could she need so much of it for ? 
 he crossed to the dresser . 
 atop it sat her sat-phone , which he checked in case she 'd been unable to contact him . 
 not a chance - fully charged , the ringer muted , the screen displaying numerous missed calls . 
 he scrolled through her contacts , finding his number saved as vamp phone . 
 she 'd could 've called , but had n't . 
 tethered to the phone was a rugged-looking laptop , apparently ice-proof . 
 at times , the world of the lore proved boggling for him ; the idea of internet capability in this lodge ranked right up there with the notion of an otherworldly ice being inhabiting it . 
 once he entered the bathroom , he discovered what she used the salt for . 
 a container was opened beside the old fashioned bathing tub . 
 daniela needed salt so she would n't freeze her bathwater . 
 he dimly thought , no wonder she smells like the sea . 
 this was too bizarre to be believed ... the north wind gusted through the window , blowing snow inside . 
 without thought , he rushed forward to close the window , but it was frozen open . 
 he stared out into the harsh , wintry night . 
 she was out there , somewhere , the little bride he could never touch . 
 everything about her , about this situation , was unfathomable to him . 
 and all the ice was a blatant reminder that he could never drink her . 
 you have blood lust for her . 
 leave this place . 
 his chest felt like it had a band tightening around it . 
 he traced away , out of breath and mystified by the female living in his manor . 
 i 'll be damned if i ever return . 
 chapter 25 murdoch glanced at his watch yet again . 
 the night was waning , and still he waited on rurik and lukyan . 
 they were to meet here in the quarter to investigate a new lead , and it was n't like rurik to be late . 
 lulls in action were still dangerous for murdoch - even after his ill-fated trip to the lodge a week ago . 
 yet he was determined to fight the unnatural pull toward daniela . 
 yes , he 'd experienced mind-blowing pleasure with her . 
 but that just brought into relief how much he missed sex . 
 the driving need , sweaty bodies writhing , h * ps pumping . 
 and kissing . 
 god , he missed kissing . 
 no , there was no future with her . 
 monogamy was not his way . 
 he 'd seen it destroy better men than he was . 
 and she iced my goddamned lodge . 
 after leaving rurik another message , murdoch leaned against a light post . 
 he caught the eye of an attractive brunette in a low-cut top . 
 she cast him a lascivious smile , but all he could think was that she was n't a fraction as comely as daniela . 
 he turned away . 
 in fact , over the last two weeks , he 'd compared all women to daniela , and without exception , they were all lacking . 
 but at least they could potentially be touched . 
 when his gaze wandered back over the female , she stared at him with undisguised interest . 
 no , he had n't wanted to be blooded , but now that he was , he might as well enjoy it . 
 he knew from experience that he could have that woman with little more than a crook of his finger . 
 old habits rose to the fore , even as he told himself he did n't have time for this . 
 he needed to give his undivided focus to finding ivo . 
 but without rurik and lukyan , murdoch could do nothing but wait , and he needed to slip the leash daniela had put on him . 
 if he could blunt this need , he 'd be more focused , more effective . 
 a tall brunette seemed just the thing ... `` may i wear it , mama ? '' 
 danii asked . 
 svana had just taken her crown out of safekeeping for her upcoming trip . 
 as ever , danii was fascinated with it . 
 `` just for a bit , dearling , '' svana told her as she placed the band of ice and diamonds atop her braided hair . 
 jewels dropped down over her forehead . 
 `` there . 
 my little winter princess . '' 
 `` i want to show the other valkyrie . '' 
 `` but they would be spellbound . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 `` no , daughter . '' 
 svana smiled as she adjusted the crown , but it was too large . 
 `` because our kind comes from a land of diamonds and ice . '' 
 `` is that where you 're going now ? '' 
 her beautiful face had grown grave . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` when will you come back ? '' 
 svana knelt before her . 
 `` daniela , i might not make it back . '' 
 `` then why do you have to go there ? '' 
 danii asked , beginning to cry . 
 `` just stay with me . '' 
 `` i must reclaim my throne . 
 i 'm a queen from a long line of queens . 
 and one day you will be , too . '' 
 `` how will i find you ? '' 
 `` if i do n't return to you here , you must promise me , my love , never to follow me . 
 never , never go to icergard . 
 not until you 're shown the way ... '' danii shot up in bed , awake in an instant . 
 my gods . 
 she 'd just recollected more of that fateful day when her mother had left her . 
 not until i 'm shown the way ? 
 who exactly would be directing danii to icergard ? 
 and why was she only just remembering this ? 
 the dream had been so realistic , she could almost feel the weight of that crown on her head . 
 svana had worn it when she 'd gone to meet her destiny , even knowing she 'd likely die . 
 how brave she 'd been . 
 danii rose , feeling a pleasant jolt as her bare feet met the freezing marble , then crossed to the open window . 
 the north wind blew with a proud gust as if embracing her . 
 she closed her eyes , swaying with it . 
 the vampire - who had yet to return - had talked of dreams . 
 now she 'd been awash in reverie each night . 
 was it the cold or this particular place that drew forth her memories and dreams ? 
 she loved it here . 
 the frigid winds affected her like adrenaline , each flake of snow a balm on her soul . 
 for two weeks , she 'd indulged in ice hunts , followed whispers , explored the countryside . 
 and she 'd continued to carve arcane symbols into any ice face she 'd come across . 
 the markings were simple in form , like the inscriptions on ancient rune stones from northern lands . 
 she did n't think she 'd ever seen these designs before , and had no idea how she knew them . 
 eventually , she 'd begun creating her own ice tablets to carve on , some as large as a table , later placing them in different parts of the forest and snowdrifts , settling them just so . 
 she did n't know why she did this , just felt compelled to . 
 with each day here she was growing stronger , thinking more about this puzzling new pastime - and less about the vampire . 
 yes . 
 some minutes less than others . 
 at first , she 'd wondered if her carving was merely a desperate bid for distraction , like a valkyrie/icere equivalent of downing a gallon of haagen-dazs . 
 but she 'd concluded it must be more , because the compulsion intensified - even as her desire for him should 've begun dwindling ... murdoch kissed three different women that night . 
 mere minutes after spotting that first brunette , he 'd found himself with her in an alley behind a bar , taking her lips with his own . 
 and still he 'd thought of daniela . 
 ultimately , he 'd broken away with a muttered curse . 
 `` sorry , sweet . 
 have to go . '' 
 she 'd clung to him , begging him not to stop . 
 what should have excited him had wilted any arousal he might have managed by imagining it was daniela he kissed . 
 the second woman had been passable , but there 'd been no distinct intelligence shining in her eyes . 
 so different from his bride . 
 he admired daniela 's tricky mind , liked the way he could rarely read her expressions . 
 the third smelled of cloying perfume and whatever she 'd dined on earlier . 
 such a contrast to daniela 's clean scent ... now as he thought back , he realized that not one of the three had tempted him to take her neck . 
 another reason he needed to stay away from daniela . 
 easier said than done . 
 he felt as if he was waging a losing battle , and in his life , he 'd bloody had enough of those . 
 he 'd died in one . 
 why fight this ? 
 it would have to be easier to resist drinking her than to go without seeing her face again - which was proving impossible ... he pictured his bride sleeping in his bed , as if she were awaiting him . 
 if he were going to settle down , why not with the most exquisite , intelligent female he 'd ever known ? 
 even if she was an ice being . 
 he recalled the supernatural scene that had greeted him at the lodge and came to a determination . 
 it 'd never be dull with her . 
 could the reason he 'd never committed to a woman be that he 'd been waiting for her all his life ? 
 he glanced at the sky . 
 dawn was only a couple of hours away . 
 too late to do much here . 
 but it would be dark in siberia . 
 why not try this out ? 
 if i 'm ever tempted to drink from her , i 'll trace away . 
 at least then he 'd know . 
 with that conclusion , he almost wished he had n't pursued those other women . 
 he thought he might be feeling ... guilt . 
 him . 
 he spied a flower street vendor on the next corner over . 
 murdoch knew women - they loved flowers . 
 he snatched up a bouquet of roses , tossed a twenty to the half-asleep vendor , then traced to daniela . 
 again , she was n't inside . 
 when he heard the front door creaking open , he traced downstairs with the bouquet behind his back . 
 `` daniela ? '' 
 her lips were even bluer than before , her skin pale as milk . 
 she had twigs in her icy hair . 
 god , she 's lovely beyond words . 
 he cast about for a compliment and came up empty . 
 what 's new ? 
 she gazed at him , not with the excitement he 'd anticipated , but with measured curiosity . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just got back from a walk . '' 
 she was barefoot in a halter top and shorts . 
 he wondered if he 'd ever get used to seeing so much of her perfect body exposed to the elements . 
 `` i had n't heard from you . 
 wanted to make sure you 're settling in . '' 
 she shrugged , turning toward the stairs . 
 he followed her up . 
 `` i am just stopping by . 
 to check on you . '' 
 `` you kind of said that already . 
 and as you can see , i 'm doing great . '' 
 `` you 've been busy here , '' he said when they reached his room . 
 since he 'd been here last , she 'd added to those carved designs in the glazes that coated the walls . 
 more snow had accumulated . 
 `` busy decorating . '' 
 again , he felt that sense of encroachment . 
 but when he did n't feel the accompanying resentment , he figured he 'd become inured to it . 
 `` those symbols you carve - what do they mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 her eyes darted around the room . 
 `` just stuff i made up . '' 
 for some reason , at that moment , both of their gazes fell on the bed . 
 his voice was rough when he said , `` why are you sleeping in here ? '' 
 `` my room faced south . 
 in here , the north wind blows right in . '' 
 sleeping in my bed . 
 he grew aroused at the idea once more . 
 he might not be able to claim her , but there were other benefits . 
 reminded of that , he offered her the flowers . 
 her gaze flicked over them . 
 `` a bouquet ? 
 like in the days of old ? '' 
 `` i thought that bringing flowers to a woman one desires was a timeless gesture . '' 
 `` the timing was fine . '' 
 she canted her head to the side . 
 had her ears twitched ? 
 `` but your supposition about the woman was off . '' 
 is she studying my face ? 
 could she tell he 'd kissed other women ? 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 in answer , she wiggled her fingers , motioning for the flowers . 
 the moment he handed them to her , they began to wither . 
 as he stared , they blackened and died . 
 he ran his gloved hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` glad i did n't get you a kitten . '' 
 she tossed them into the unused fireplace . 
 `` you have to understand that i 'm not like the women you knew . 
 this world is not like you thought . 
 everything has changed for you . 
 and you ca n't apply your human expectations to it . '' 
 `` then tell me about this world . 
 teach me . '' 
 `` would you like me to give you a lesson right now ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 absolutely . '' 
 `` valkyrie have a superhuman sense of smell . 
 not as strong as lykae or demons . 
 maybe not even as strong as vampires . 
 but enough so i can smell the women you 've been with . '' 
 ah , christ . 
 chapter 26 danii smelled women 's perfumes . 
 plural . 
 she could tell he 'd been close enough to them to pick up their scents , but she could n't detect exactly what he 'd been doing with them . 
 at her words , he 'd gone still , his eyes narrowing . 
 now he shrugged , and any hint of guilt she might have imagined was gone , replaced by nonchalance . 
 `` i kissed ... a couple of women . '' 
 her claws straightened with jealousy . 
 `` just wanted to see what it 'd be like . 
 after so long . '' 
 lightning flashed outside . 
 his cavalier manner infuriated her . 
 `` did you do more ? '' 
 `` daniela , you 're making an issue out of something trivial . 
 the women were humans , and i only kissed them . '' 
 `` trivial ? 
 did you just happen to know these mortals ? 
 or were they tramps you picked up while you were supposed to be searching for ivo ? '' 
 at his expression , she grew queasy . 
 bingo . 
 she could just see him lustily making out with skanks in some alley in the quarter . 
 i 've always ridiculed tourists who did that . 
 there were so few secrets within the lore . 
 gossipers abounded . 
 everyone would know murdoch had spurned danii to be with other women . 
 and it was bad enough for a bride to be forsaken by a leech , but it was entirely humiliating to be passed over for mortals . 
 `` we never made a commitment to each other , '' he finally said . 
 when lightning flashed again , he scrubbed his palm over his mouth . 
 `` you simply informed me that you 'd be staying here . 
 and i have n't kissed a woman in three hundred goddamned years . '' 
 `` then why did n't you do more with them ? '' 
 he exhaled wearily . 
 `` they left me cold - '' `` cold ? '' 
 she cried , a hysterical note to her voice . 
 `` i 'm so glad i made you swear not to tell anyone anything about me , not that they wo n't all know now . 
 i hope you put money against us in loa 's betting book . '' 
 `` we are n't wed. '' his own ire spiked . 
 `` i made you no promises . 
 you have no call to be angry with me . '' 
 `` i 'm angry because you 've finally seen what 's been just before you all along . 
 but you 've seen it too late . '' 
 `` too late ? 
 again , i only kissed them . 
 i came here tonight , to be with you , even though i had those women begging me for more . '' 
 begging him ? 
 was he that good a kisser ? 
 she shook herself - she 'd never know . 
 `` and yet you chose to come here and be with me , a female who ca n't give you more . 
 i find that difficult to believe ! '' 
 `` believe it , ice queen . 
 you 've broken me - i want no other ! '' 
 `` and that makes you broken ? '' 
 she gave a cry . 
 `` gods , i am so sick of you ! '' 
 `` sick of me ? 
 when i admit that i chose you above others ? 
 your timing is ridiculous . '' 
 `` because i do n't buy this ! 
 if you think you 're broken , then you 're going to want to get fixed . 
 not to wallow in your brokenness . 
 trust me , i know this ! '' 
 sad , sad daniela ... `` so now you 've got me all figured out , when you 've known me for a couple of weeks ? 
 ah , that 's right , i 'm merely a manwhore and nothing more . '' 
 `` i 've only known you a short while , but i know men . 
 i 've witnessed the entire spans of their lives . 
 you 're not a man who wo n't deign to commit . 
 you 're a coward who 's afraid to . '' 
 `` coward ? '' 
 though he sneered the word , danii saw a flicker of some emotion in his eyes . 
 she 'd hit a nerve . 
 `` a selfish coward ! 
 you expect me to just be waiting here , standing by for whenever you decide you want more from me ? '' 
 `` you are just waiting here , valkyrie . '' 
 at that , she began building ice in her palm , and he eyed it with contempt . 
 `` leave here , vampire . 
 and do n't come back ! '' 
 `` this is my house ! '' 
 `` does this look like your house any longer ? '' 
 a gust of flurries blew in the window to punctuate her words . 
 `` fine . 
 have it ! 
 consider it a gift for a couple of pleasurable nights . '' 
 with a bitter curse , murdoch traced from the lodge . 
 he returned to his meeting place in case rurik showed - and found himself surrounded by beings . 
 they looked like demons , but they had red eyes like fallen vampires . 
 they were immense and carried medieval weapons , cudgels and maces . 
 behind them stood ivo , his bald head gleaming . 
 just five years ago , they 'd met on a battlefield . 
 finally , i 've found this prick . 
 `` we seek the halfling , '' ivo said . 
 `` if you have information about her , we might spare your life . '' 
 halfling ? 
 `` i would n't tell you anything , even if i knew what you were talking about . '' 
 in a bored tone , ivo commanded , `` then kill him . '' 
 murdoch drew his sword in a flash , swung it at the closest demon . 
 the male laughed as he easily dodged the blow . 
 the speed was inconceivable . 
 you ca n't fight these beings . 
 just as he 'd been told . 
 before murdoch could retreat , they were upon him , preventing him from tracing . 
 a cudgel caught him across the face , tearing and crushing at the same time . 
 blood sprayed . 
 a blow to his leg bludgeoned his femur , sending him to his knees . 
 another shattered his arm . 
 the strength ... monstrous . 
 a studded mace hit him directly in the chest , embedding in his sternum . 
 ca n't breathe , ca n't ... against his will , his blood-drenched eyes closed . 
 realization dawned . 
 i 'm about to die . 
 and all he could think about was how he wanted to see daniela just one last time . 
 ivo ordered , `` take his head - '' a roar sounded . 
 murdoch struggled just to crack open his lids . 
 rurik and lukyan , here ? 
 they must 've been trailing ivo earlier . 
 as the two charged into the fight , murdoch tried to warn them , but could n't speak . 
 jaw not working ? 
 rurik went fully berserk , wildly swinging his battle hammer . 
 lukyan wielded his two swords , looking as if he hungered for death - and planned to take with him as many as possible . 
 but when rurik received a hit that felled even his giant frame , lukyan muttered , `` fuck this . '' 
 then he traced away . 
 chapter 27 i 'm going to miss it here . 
 but danii knew she could n't stay . 
 she 'd be relinquishing the vampire 's gift for two nights of pleasure . 
 how could she even be surprised that he 'd remained away ? 
 after all , he was probably busy mugging with mortals in back alleys . 
 which left danii to be the forbearer 's forsaken one . 
 she reminded herself yet again that she 'd dodged a bullet with murdoch . 
 this could have been much worse . 
 anything between them could never have worked out . 
 if she threw all in with him and then got jilted , people would ask , `` what was she thinking , to make a grab at a rake like that ? 
 with no warm bed to offer him ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 damn it , she 'd liked him - and she 'd liked it here . 
 the pressure to carve had continued to grow within her , as if she were nearing some goal and gaining momentum . 
 it was satisfying to her , and brought into stark relief exactly how little in her life had contented her before . 
 her mother had told danii that she descended from the line of the winter queens , but danii had never felt a connection to that ancestry . 
 she felt more valkyrie than ice fey . 
 of course , she did n't fit in with the valkyrie either . 
 sad , sad daniela . 
 were these symbols the very first tie to her heritage ? 
 why was she only now seeing them ? 
 did n't matter . 
 her time here had ended . 
 if she remained , she 'd get too attached to the lodge . 
 the longer she stayed , the longer she 'd want to . 
 and she could just see murdoch bringing another woman here in a few years and finding danii still inside , putzing around in her nightgown , muttering , `` oh , hai . 
 do n't mind me . '' 
 danii had determined and finally accepted that murdoch equaled misery . 
 unfortunately , she 'd concluded this after she 'd begun falling for him . 
 time to leave . 
 now i just need to find a ride . 
 `` you should see the other guy , '' murdoch grated from his bed . 
 nikolai had already been pale when he traced into the room at mount oblak . 
 seeing murdoch like this made even more blood drain from his face . 
 he knew how bad he looked . 
 a metal brace was screwed into his leg to stabilize his crushed femur . 
 one arm was immobilized in a cast , and bandages swathed more of his body than not . 
 his face was lacerated from the corner of his mouth to his ear , held together only by stitches . 
 all in all , he was lucky to be alive . 
 no . 
 not lucky . 
 murdoch and rurik lived only because lukyan had returned directly with a full battle contingent . 
 it turned out that lukyan did n't like to merely fight - he liked to win . 
 nikolai finally found his voice . 
 `` what has happened to you ? '' 
 `` i was about to ask you the same . 
 my god , nikolai , you look worse than i do . '' 
 his brother was always so stoical , always sure of his actions . 
 so what the hell was going on ? 
 nikolai 's eyes grew dark before he glanced away . 
 `` we 'll talk of my problems later . 
 who did this to you ? '' 
 murdoch let the subject go for now . 
 `` ivo has demons . 
 demons turned vampires . 
 they are strong - you ca n't imagine it . 
 he is looking for someone , but i do n't think it 's your bride . 
 they mentioned something about a ` halfling . ' '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` there were three demonic vampires in his party , other vampires as well . 
 we took down two of the demons , but one remains . '' 
 murdoch glanced behind him . 
 `` where 's your bride ? '' 
 nikolai hesitated . 
 `` she 's at blachmount . 
 we 're ... i 'm ... '' he ran his hand over his haggard face , then said in a rush , `` ever since i tasted myst 's blood , i 've been dreaming her memories ... '' it was all murdoch could do to mask his shock as nikolai continued talking , the words spilling out . 
 so the memories had followed the blood . 
 why were n't his eyes red ? 
 would nikolai confess this to kristoff ? 
 through these dreams , nikolai had learned that in the past myst had been a calculating femme fatale who 'd used and discarded lovers without mercy . 
 she 'd been bent on tricking nikolai , acting as if she wanted more with him , when she 'd actually had ulterior motives . 
 before murdoch could even formulate a response to this , nikolai delivered yet another bombshell . 
 he 'd come into possession of an enchanted chain - that controlled myst . 
 by owning the chain , nikolai could make her do whatever he pleased . 
 this was their understanding ? 
 some kind of enthrallment ? 
 long moments of silence passed before murdoch said incredulously , `` you took away the free will of a creature who has had it for upward of two thousand years . 
 a good wager says she 's going to want it back . '' 
 nikolai had dealt with war , plague , and famine all in one decade . 
 he 'd lost most of his family . 
 and yet he 'd always acted honorably . 
 until now . 
 it figured that it 'd take a woman to break him . 
 `` no , you do n't understand , '' nikolai said . 
 `` she 's callous . 
 incapable of love . 
 it eats at me , her deception , because it 's the only thing that makes sense . '' 
 more to himself , he muttered , `` why else would she want me ? '' 
 murdoch weakly grabbed his brother 's wrist . 
 `` all these years , i 've seen you continually choose the best , most rational course , even if it 's the most difficult . 
 i 've been proud to follow your leadership because you 've acted with courage and always - always - with rationality , '' he grated , stopping for a ragged breath . 
 `` i never thought i would have to inform you that your reason and judgment have failed you , nikolai . 
 if she 's as bad as you say , then you have to ... i do n't know , just help her change , but you ca n't order this . 
 get back to her . 
 explain your fears to her . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can . 
 you saw her , murdoch . 
 why would she so quickly acquiesce ? '' 
 `` why do n't you just ask her ? '' 
 his brother 's expression said it all . 
 he did n't want her to know how desperately he needed her . 
 `` and about the other men , '' murdoch said . 
 `` this is n't the seventeen hundreds anymore . 
 this is n't even the same plane . 
 she 's an immortal , not an eighteen-year-old blushing bride straight from a convent . 
 she ca n't change these things , so if you want her , you have to adjust . '' 
 if her skin ca n't be touched , you have to adjust ... nikolai ran a hand over his face and snapped , `` when did you get so bloody understanding ? '' 
 since i met daniela . 
 since i nearly died . 
 murdoch shrugged , then stifled a wince at the pain in his chest . 
 `` i had someone explain a few rules of the lore to me and learned that we ca n't apply our human expectations to the beings within it . '' 
 some men 's brides are untouchable . 
 `` who told you this ? '' 
 i ca n't tell you . 
 i took a vow . 
 nikolai did n't press for an answer . 
 `` will you be all right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that 's the thing about being immortal . 
 it 'll always look worse than it is . '' 
 nikolai attempted a grin - and failed . 
 `` good luck , brother , '' murdoch said . 
 as soon as nikolai left , he lay back , weak from hiding how much pain he was in , and still astounded by what he 'd just seen . 
 first my father , then nikolai , now ... me . 
 was it murdoch 's inescapable fate to become obsessed with one woman ? 
 after witnessing his brother like this , he came to a conclusion . 
 murdoch was already ruined without daniela regardless . 
 i 'll be broken if i lose her in the future - or if i lose her now . 
 now that this realization had struck him , murdoch was oddly resigned to it . 
 it 's too late for me . 
 `` i 'm besotted with her . '' 
 he gave a laugh , then grimaced as his wounds punished him for it . 
 at least now he knew . 
 for the first time in weeks , he felt optimistic about his future . 
 all he had to do was convince her to forgive him . 
 though he 'd proved he was in no way silver-tongued with her , he would somehow figure out a way to persuade her . 
 he always came through when it really counted . 
 he craved seeing daniela again and was eager to get this sorted out between them , but he was still too weak , and he did n't want her to see him like this . 
 kristoff had put him on two weeks ' leave , so murdoch could wait another day or two . 
 after all , he knew exactly where she 'd be . 
 chapter 28 danii 's ear twitched a split second before she heard the masculine demand : `` where the hell are you going ? '' 
 so the vampire 's returned . 
 `` away , '' she said as she zipped up her second suitcase . 
 `` you were just going to disappear without a word ? '' 
 `` i 'll bet you 've never done that to a woman . 
 besides , i did n't figure you 'd even notice i was gone . 
 thought you 'd be busy trolling for humans . '' 
 `` i have n't looked at another woman since - '' `` anyway , i wrote you a note on the dresser , '' danii interrupted , uninterested in whatever he 'd come to say . 
 he snatched up the paper where she 'd written : murdoch , it 's been real . 
 daniela . 
 `` how were you going to leave ? '' 
 `` i have ways . '' 
 ways being the one sno-cat operator in russia who would journey to this place , the one due to arrive in an hour . 
 murdoch crumpled the note in his fist . 
 `` how would i have been able to find you ? '' 
 she paused in her packing , briefly glancing up at him . 
 `` i guess you would n't . '' 
 then she frowned . 
 though he always dressed well , tonight he seemed to have taken great care with his clothes . 
 he wore an expensive sweater and luxe overcoat . 
 his boots had been polished . 
 she sported a miniskirt and a camisole . 
 with no shoes . 
 `` why are you all dressed up ? '' 
 she asked irritably . 
 `` this night is important to me . '' 
 he was moving stiffly , and stood at an odd angle to her , keeping half of his face in shadow . 
 `` i need to tell you something . '' 
 and i need to see why you 're not showing me the other side of your face . 
 she moved to get a better look at him . 
 stitches ? 
 his face had been cut up , and yet he 'd still tried to shave . 
 what was so important ? 
 `` murdoch , what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i almost got killed by a few half-demon , half-vampire beings . '' 
 `` there 's no such thing . '' 
 she waved his words away . 
 `` it 's one of the rare ` myths ' in the lore that 's actually false . '' 
 `` they had horns and fangs and were stronger than any vampires i 've ever fought . 
 they also had red eyes . '' 
 all fallen vampires had red eyes , but very few species of demons did . 
 there 'd been rumors of ivo plotting something major . 
 had he conceived of a way to turn demons into vampires ? 
 `` remember when deshazior and the kobold said they were different and unfightable ? '' 
 murdoch said . 
 `` well , they are . '' 
 she had to contact nix about this . 
 wait ... her sister had mentioned dempires the last time they 'd spoken . 
 demon vampires . 
 nix already knew . 
 murdoch began pacing , stabbing his fingers through his hair , his energy seeming to take up the entire room . 
 but he was limping . 
 and she thought she heard a barely perceptible squeak . 
 a leg brace ? 
 whatever he 'd tangled with had inflicted some serious damage . 
 `` daniela , i think i know why i 'm like this around you . 
 why i 'm always at a loss for words and gruff . 
 it 's you . '' 
 `` blaming much ? 
 this behavior used to impress the ladies ? 
 really ? '' 
 she turned back to her packing . 
 `` that 's what i 'm trying to explain . 
 i was n't like this . 
 i was smooth , compliments falling easily from my lips . '' 
 `` murdoch suave ? '' 
 she knew he hated it when she called him that . 
 `` then what 's different now ? '' 
 `` now i fear that ... i think that this ... matters . 
 you matter . 
 to me . '' 
 he ran his hand over his forehead . 
 `` i feel a lot of pressure not to f ** k this up with you . '' 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a chance ? 
 to see where this leads . '' 
 she felt a spark of excitement at the idea , but mentally snuffed it . 
 murdoch equals misery . 
 when would she finally accept that ? 
 `` stay here , daniela . 
 with me . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` with you ? 
 like living together ? '' 
 had his nod been the tiniest bit hesitant ? 
 `` what 's changed ? '' 
 `` you said that i was afraid , and i think you were not ... wrong . '' 
 she did n't reply , just raised her brows . 
 `` i did n't see it before , did n't understand my reluctance . 
 but when i was ambushed and believed i was going to die '' - he stopped , meeting her gaze - `` all i could think of was you . '' 
 oh . 
 she felt herself softening . 
 i 've been thinking about you , too . 
 no matter how hard i try not to . 
 if she had n't had her carving , she 'd have gone mad . 
 `` and then a few days ago , i saw my brother . 
 he 's a wreck over myst . 
 i thought that i 'd never seen a man so twisted inside over a woman . 
 but i have . 
 our father was that way for our mother . '' 
 murdoch resumed pacing . 
 `` he was obsessed with her . 
 when she died , he never again laughed , never moved on . 
 he used to sit in their room and stare at her portrait for hours . 
 i think i feared something like that happening to me , if i sought more with you . 
 but then i realized i 'm more afraid of missing this with you . '' 
 a breath escaped her as she edged closer to him . 
 i want him . 
 i want reality over fantasy . 
 `` murdoch , did you practice that speech ? '' 
 `` continually for the last two days . '' 
 no , remember farmer ted ! 
 remember loa 's betting book ! 
 `` since we 've been seeing each other , you 've threatened me , frightened me , and put me in a position where i was forced to walk out into the heat of noonday to hitchhike in a hell vehicle that reeked of tobacco . 
 when you went out trolling in the quarter , you ... hurt me , '' she said . 
 `` so you think long and hard about this . 
 i saw your frustration when you wanted to bite me . 
 i saw your hunger as you stared at my neck . 
 and i 've seen you clench your fists when you want to touch me . '' 
 closing in on her , he asked in a husky voice , `` and did you see nothing else , kallim ? '' 
 she swallowed , unable to look away from his intense gray eyes , already flickering black with emotion . 
 `` you can never touch my skin , never drink from me . 
 i 'm colder than i 've ever been . 
 the pain would be much worse for me , and for you as well . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` murdoch , there 's no magic that 's going to change our situation , no way to circumvent it - not now , and potentially not ever . 
 do you think you can be satisfied with that ? '' 
 `` satisfied ? 
 completely ? 
 no . 
 but i think we can be happier together than apart . '' 
 if he had waxed rhapsodic about their chances , she probably would 've run screaming . 
 instead , he 'd been honest . 
 and she agreed - she would n't be satisfied completely either . 
 `` i 'll give this a few months , '' she eventually said . 
 `` on two conditions . '' 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 `` just as before , you can never tell anyone about me . 
 not until i 'm ready . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 because i give this a one-in-fifty shot of working out . 
 `` because i do n't want to be the butt of jokes or the betrayed one on the betting books . 
 and i do n't want to be known as the forbearer 's forsaken one . '' 
 `` you expect me to forsake you . '' 
 `` any reason why i should n't ? '' 
 `` i 'm not my history . 
 at least , that 's not all i am . 
 anymore . '' 
 he frowned , as if he could n't believe what he was saying . 
 `` you 've told me that you ca n't do monogamy . '' 
 `` i 'm going to . 
 do it . 
 now . 
 but you must as well . '' 
 when she gave him a `` no kidding '' expression , he gritted his teeth . 
 again , clearly not pleased with what he 'd said . 
 `` i wo n't be dissuaded from this condition . 
 you must keep us a secret . '' 
 `` my brothers will hear my heart beating . 
 they 'll know . '' 
 `` do you agree or not ? '' 
 finally , he said , `` i agree . 
 and what 's the second ? '' 
 `` you have to vow never to bite me . '' 
 `` i vow it . '' 
 do n't get too excited , daniela ! 
 he placed his gloved hands on the sides of her face , gazing down at her . 
 `` now , does this mean you 've signed back up on my roster ? '' 
 too late . 
 `` did you practice that line as well ? '' 
 that lock of hair tumbled over his forehead . 
 `` repeatedly . '' 
 chapter 29 `` come on in ! '' 
 danii called to the vampire pacing on shore . 
 `` the water 's great . '' 
 under the moonlight , murdoch looked as if he were actually considering joining her as she swam amidst the ice floes . 
 he was also probably regretting that he 'd agreed to trace her to the northern limits of his property , which extended all the way to the arctic ocean . 
 seconds after she 'd seen the water , she 'd been skinny-dipping in it . 
 poor vampire , pacing at the very edge of the sea , wanting to follow her , his gorgeous face tense . 
 her heart tugged at the sight , just as it 'd been doing daily for these last several weeks , ever since the night she and murdoch had started living together . 
 after they 'd paid off the irate sno-cat operator , of course . 
 `` maybe the water 's a jot brisk , '' she teased . 
 these closing months of winter had been particularly harsh , an idyll of blizzards and negative degrees for her - and of course virtually twenty-four hours of darkness for him . 
 without complaint , he endured the cold to be with her . 
 she slept during the brief murky daylight to spend more time with him . 
 and when they had n't been talking , learning more about each other , they 'd been indulging in bouts of sensual - albeit inventive - bliss . 
 she 'd never been happier . 
 `` out , daniela , '' he called , still pacing . 
 `` you 've been in long enough . '' 
 `` if you do n't come join me , a merman might get frisky with me ! '' 
 he stopped and canted his head , wondering if she was kidding , growing increasingly agitated . 
 `` oh , very well . 
 i 'll come in . '' 
 she wanted to walk some of the way back to the lodge anyway , and needed to budget time for snowball fights - she might let him win one tonight . 
 she loved playing in the snow with him . 
 when he had all his cold-weather gear on , they could roll around without having their skin touch . 
 as she swam in , she called , `` trace and get me a towel ? '' 
 obviously reluctant to leave her for even seconds , he disappeared , returning moments later with one . 
 he met her at the shore , wrapping her in it . 
 as he rubbed her dry , her eyes closed with pleasure , reminded anew of their earlier encounter . 
 for hours , she 'd teased him with ice cubes , running them all over his body , everywhere she wished she could lick him . 
 `` you were kidding about the merman , right ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you 'd never told me they existed . '' 
 `` i have n't gotten to merfolk yet . '' 
 yes , danii had relented , finally divulging the secrets of the lore , once she 'd sworn him to secrecy . 
 she owed him her life and could n't stand the thought of him out there engaging opponents that would try to kill him just for being a vampire - enemies with powers and weaknesses he would n't understand . 
 `` i 've only covered the first two hundred or so beings , and there are more than can be catalogued . 
 and that 's just on this plane . '' 
 she 'd outlined many of the larger factions , from the demon kingdoms called demonarchies to the history of the noble fey . 
 `` they were feudal lords called feodals , '' she 'd explained . 
 `` that 's where they get the name . 
 they hailed from the plane of draiskulia , but once they came here , they became divided into different factions . 
 like the icere . '' 
 and she 'd related humorous trivia : `` some demons , like desh , can be involuntarily summoned by previous bed partners . 
 they call those summoners swimbos - a play on she who must be obeyed ... '' `` merfolk , '' he repeated now , handing danii her clothes . 
 at times he seemed overwhelmed by all the lorean histories and details . 
 admittedly , it was a lot to take in . 
 he 'd probably learned the most via laptop , by following the web results and commentary on the talisman 's hie , a sort of immortal amazing race , sponsored by riora , the flighty goddess of impossibility . 
 entrants from all factions crossed the globe , competing for mystical prizes . 
 through the results , he 'd discovered that his brother sebastian was indeed alive and well - because he was competing in it . 
 `` my brother 's alive ? '' 
 he 'd said that day , shooting to his feet . 
 just before he 'd swung danii up in his arms , he 'd abruptly dropped his outstretched hands , drawing back self-consciously . 
 `` can you believe it ? 
 i have to let nikolai ... '' he 'd trailed off . 
 `` why did you just go pale ? 
 daniela , is sebastian in danger ? '' 
 regrettably , sebastian was competing against danii 's half sister , kaderin the coldhearted , a vicious vampire assassin . 
 `` the rules state that the competitors ca n't kill each other until the final round , '' she 'd said , not wanting to extinguish his hopes , but kaderin had never lost a hie . 
 and this time they played for thrane 's key , which unlocked a door to the past . 
 since kaderin felt responsible for the deaths of two of her full-blood sisters , she 'd be a ruthless menace in order to win that key . 
 when murdoch had asked danii if she could find out anything about this - like exactly why sebastian would enter - she 'd left a message with nix . 
 yet though nix was the most powerful oracle in the lore , she was also forgetful , capricious , and notoriously bad at returning calls ... danii finished tugging her skirt up her thighs , then she glanced up - to find murdoch 's fierce gaze rapt on her body . 
 he took her shoulders in his gloved hands , staring down at her with his obsidian eyes reflecting moonlight . 
 the breeze blew that unruly lock over his forehead . 
 `` you could n't be lovelier , '' he rasped , the mere sound of his husky voice making her body go soft for him . 
 her gaze dipped to his lips . 
 the moment was ripe for a kiss . 
 `` vampire , i would give anything to taste you right now . '' 
 anything . 
 though this time together had been almost perfect , frustration simmered just below the surface . 
 with each day , she wondered how much longer they could go without real touching . 
 his hands tightened on her shoulders . 
 `` as would i. '' she was fantasizing about wicked sex even more than she had before she 'd met murdoch . 
 danii envisioned suckling his thick length for hours . 
 she imagined how it would feel plunging inside her . 
 what would it be like to have his scent all over me ? 
 would his kiss make her breathless and weak-kneed , her toes and her claws curling ? 
 as his gaze flicked from her eyes to her mouth , he grated , `` almost do n't want to know what you 're thinking right now . '' 
 he broke away , turning from her with clenched fists - instead of claiming the kiss that should have been his due . 
 yet another reminder that the broken doll was in no way fixed . 
 `` we need to get back , '' he said . 
 `` i should check in at mount oblak . '' 
 `` but you just went there two nights ago , '' she reminded him . 
 `` you said you were n't going to be needed there as much . '' 
 now that there was no impending threat from the horde . 
 in the past months , the vampire world had been rocked to its core . 
 the horde king demestriu had been slain by emmaline , danii 's lovable niece . 
 emma had discovered that he was her father , and then she 'd somehow managed to defeat him in a fight to the death . 
 ivo , too , had been assassinated for seeking to wed emma , the ` halfling . ' 
 apparently lachlain macrieve , her new lykae protector , had taken exception to that , because he 'd released his savage inner werewolf , slaughtering ivo and the remaining dempire as well . 
 `` is there some new threat ? '' 
 danii asked . 
 `` or has lothaire returned ? '' 
 rumor held that the enemy of old had n't even remained on this plane . 
 `` no , nothing like that , just the usual aggressing bands , '' murdoch said . 
 without demestriu to lead the horde , their numbers had been divided into smaller , weaker factions , but they could still prove deadly . 
 `` it ca n't hurt to check in . 
 i 'm sure you want to carve , anyway . '' 
 had his tone been a shade brusque ? 
 maybe she was carving too much , but getting each symbol perfect felt so crucial . 
 sometimes she worked till her fingers bled . 
 if murdoch was there , he 'd take her hands in his big gloved ones and ice her wounds . 
 the first time he 'd found her like this , he 'd demanded , `` daniela , why do this to yourself ? '' 
 how to explain the compulsion ? 
 the call of the wild meets holiday on ice ? 
 `` i feel antsy and full until i carve . 
 it 's like an instinct , or maybe some kind of genetic memory , passed down by blood . 
 kind of like how you might get my memories if you ever drank from me . '' 
 always , danii pondered the mystery of who would lead her back to icergard , a puzzle as yet unsolved . 
 could her carvings be some kind of clue ? 
 reminded of that , she said , `` yes , maybe i could work a little . '' 
 though she felt selfish on occasion , investigating her memories , this was her time . 
 there was no one to keep secrets for or from , no one to observe , except her own determined expression in a mirrored glaze of ice . 
 the world was passing her by . 
 one month , then another ... `` very well . '' 
 he took her shoulders once more to trace her back to the lodge . 
 before he left again , he said , `` i might see nikolai tonight . 
 have you thought about my request ? '' 
 murdoch had announced a couple of weeks ago , `` myst has consented to marry my brother . 
 i want us to visit them . '' 
 when danii had hesitated , he 'd said , `` just think about it . '' 
 he continued pressuring her to go public with their relationship . 
 though she was tempted , always something made her reluctant to take the leap . 
 now she told him simply , `` it 's not time yet . '' 
 `` when will it be time ? '' 
 `` you agreed to my condition . 
 i 'll tell you when i 'm ready . '' 
 he gave her a tight nod . 
 `` i 'll return when i can , '' he said , brushing a kiss over her hair , but the tension between them was thick . 
 danii sighed when he left . 
 murdoch had once admitted to her that he 'd never cared about anything very much . 
 and that , other than defending his country , he 'd committed to nothing . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that he had n't committed to them . 
 though she wanted to trust him , he had been a player . 
 once a rogue , always a rogue , right ? 
 especially since she was unable to fulfill not just one , but two of his most basic needs . 
 sometimes , even though he knew how badly his bite would hurt , he still stared at her neck . 
 each time she got an unpleasant feverish tremor , like she supposed others might have chills ... yes , the world was passing her by - but the pressures were escalating . 
 each denial made them hunger for each other even more . 
 they knew pleasure , but were never completely sated , and the frustration built and built , like a volcano that vented steam but would inevitably erupt . 
 chapter 30 jadian the cold climbed the stairs past the guards he 'd killed , stealing toward king sigmund 's tower chamber . 
 though he found it distasteful to dispatch his own kind , jadian had done it without mercy . 
 he had to act quickly . 
 the valkyrie 's time was nigh . 
 `` any word on where that little bitch is ? '' 
 the king demanded as jadian entered , not even glancing away from his glazed window . 
 `` i thought you were closing in on the valkyrie . '' 
 `` yes , i know precisely where she will be . '' 
 eventually she would come to him . 
 each month , she neared , without even knowing it . 
 sigmund whirled around . 
 `` then why does she yet live ? '' 
 he bellowed , slamming his staff into the floor , sending up shards of ice . 
 jadian slowly unsheathed the fire blade that had slain sigmund 's queen , relishing the fear dawning in the king 's eyes . 
 jadian had been awaiting this sight since sigmund had stolen a throne that did n't belong to him , and plunged the icere into a needless war with the fire demonarchy . 
 the war in which jadian 's own pregnant wife , karilina , had perished . 
 `` daniela lives , because it 's your death that comes next . '' 
 like a shot , jadian lunged for him , forcing a hand over sigmund 's mouth as he sank the blade into his heart - jadian needed him quiet to savor the hiss of burning skin and the futile flailing of the king . 
 blood sprayed , wetting jadian 's hair and face . 
 when he yanked the knife free , sigmund lived still , even as jadian began slicing through the skin and bone of his neck . 
 by the time he had sigmund 's head , jadian was covered in gore , but his heart was calm . 
 he turned to the south . 
 now , now was the valkyrie 's time . 
 if daniela keeps up this carving , her hands will bleed . 
 did she not think about what the sight and scent of her blood did to him each time ? 
 as murdoch watched her , he wondered yet again what could force her to work like this . 
 her elven face was tense with focus , her blue-tinged lips pressed together . 
 over the previous winter , she 'd seemed to be rediscovering herself , exploring those elemental instincts she could scarcely explain to him - or to herself . 
 yet then had come the summer . 
 what had started as a dark and cold paradise for them turned sunny and mild . 
 their contentment had melted away as surely as her ice . 
 for those months , there 'd been continual sniping between them . 
 any accidental contact could set either of them off . 
 but she 'd refused to leave the lodge for a colder clime , as if those genetic memories of hers had ended in a cliffhanger and she would n't leave the book behind . 
 now , fall was upon them at last . 
 but we still are n't like we used to be ... despite the strain between murdoch and his bride , things had begun to look up for the wroth family . 
 nikolai had wedded myst , once she 'd forgiven him for using that enchanted chain against her . 
 nikolai had ultimately realized that he 'd misunderstood myst 's memories , discovering that she 'd been more fury than femme fatale , using her wiles to seduce evildoers to their downfall . 
 then he 'd had some apologizing to do . 
 sebastian had somehow won both the talisman 's hie and kaderin , the deadly little assassin who 'd actually been dispatched to execute him . 
 though his brothers ' brides were half sisters , they were as different as day and night . 
 one was a bold redhead , legendary for her beauty . 
 the other was a golden-skinned killer with a predilection for stringing up vampire fangs as trophies . 
 mine is an ethereal ice queen . 
 exquisite and always just out of reach ... murdoch and nikolai had at last reconciled with sebastian . 
 naturally , now that the three brothers were speaking again , their conversations turned to conrad - how to locate him , where he 'd last been seen . 
 they 'd all begun searching and had unearthed some leads , though they chose not to believe the rumors that conrad was a fallen , red-eyed assassin who drank all his victims . 
 they were close to finding him . 
 murdoch could feel it . 
 yes , things were finally looking up for the brothers . 
 but between him and daniela ... even though they found ways to pleasure each other , murdoch was continually tormented by how soft her skin looked . 
 he 'd never been one for open displays of affection , had never felt any sort of romantic attachment before . 
 now he found himself checking impulse after impulse to simply stroke her cheek or run his palm down her arm . 
 and to kiss her - christ , he wanted that so much . 
 she felt the yearning , too . 
 he often found her dreamily gazing at his lips while running her fingertips over her own . 
 sometimes he unreasonably felt as if fate was punishing him with her for all his previous sins . 
 never to hold her ; always to suffer this need - and to bear the knowledge that it would forever go unslaked . 
 if `` faint heart never won fair lady , '' then the opposite should hold true . 
 murdoch had meant it when he 'd said he would do anything to have her - anything but risk her safety . 
 he needed gates to storm , an enemy to fight and defeat . 
 instead , he could do nothing but covet what was already his ... at that moment she nicked her forefinger . 
 rich blood beaded , and he clenched his jaw at the scent . 
 never to drink her , though i dream of it more and more . 
 on occasion , she 'd caught him staring at the alabaster skin of her neck , but she still stayed with him . 
 which meant she trusted him not to hurt her . 
 his gaze fixed on the small welling of crimson . 
 with each day , he wondered how much he trusted himself . 
 `` nix , is that really you ? '' 
 danii cried . 
 when her phone had rung , she 'd expected murdoch or even myst again . 
 `` in the telephonic flesh , '' the soothsayer replied . 
 `` i 've called you repeatedly ! '' 
 `` then i must 've not wanted to talk to you . '' 
 danii pursed her lips . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` just chillin ' since you gave us the cold shoulder - huzzah ! 
 somebody stop me ! 
 how 's the vamp ? 
 too hot to handle ? 
 because i could do this all day ! '' 
 `` ha-ha . '' 
 today nix was playful . 
 which unfortunately meant she 'd probably be forgetful as well . 
 `` and i 'm not giving you the cold shoulder . 
 you knew why i had to go . '' 
 `` did i ? 
 guess i forgot . 
 mental note : stop telling people that danii 's gone missing . 
 cease hinting feral koi to blame . '' 
 danii sighed . 
 nix could be incredibly useful . 
 and incredibly frustrating . 
 `` what 's that noise in the background ? '' 
 `` your room . 
 no one can figure out how to turn off the freezer . '' 
 danii swallowed . 
 `` why would you want to turn it off ? '' 
 all my ice ! 
 `` because soloflex and litter-box storage wait for no one ? '' 
 `` you 're acting like i 'm never coming back . '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 nix asked . 
 `` you tell me , soothsayer , '' danii said , but her words were breaking up . 
 nix 's call waiting kept clicking . 
 `` who keeps calling you ? '' 
 `` not the same person . 
 all different . 
 everyone wants a piece of nixie , '' she said , a hint of weariness in her tone . 
 `` lem me block them . 
 there . 
 speaking of calls , myst said she 's tried to contact you several times . '' 
 danii had n't picked up . 
 `` look , i know what she 'll say to me - that i ca n't possibly keep murdoch from straying and we 'll never work out in the long run . '' 
 pressure building ... time passing . 
 instead of arguing that point and reassuring her , nix only made a noncommittal sound . 
 `` how is myst , anyway ? '' 
 danii asked . 
 `` even more insufferably ravishing , with the glow of a female who 's well loved , '' nix answered . 
 `` married life suits her . '' 
 i want to be well loved . 
 would kill to be . 
 instead , danii lived in an increasingly untenable situation , blinders firmly on as she strove to build a life with him . 
 like building a house of tinder atop a powder keg . 
 and murdoch had never mentioned marriage . 
 `` do n't forget fierce kaderin ! '' 
 nix added . 
 `` sebastian 's turned her into an amorous kiddy kad . 
 so , kaderin and myst are both freaky , naughty minxes who get it on with vampires . 
 just like you , danii ! 
 they both wear their bites proudly , bragging to everyone how orgasmic it feels . '' 
 `` orgasmic ? '' 
 great , yet another thing to fantasize about with murdoch . 
 `` they , uh , like it ? '' 
 `` i know , right ! 
 the coven considers them bite bores . 
 but sebastian did use thrane 's key to whisk kad 's two sisters back to the future , and he saved kad 's life . 
 plus , nikolai tried to sacrifice his life for myst 's . 
 not that she 'd needed him to . 
 so some valkyries have stopped overtly plotting to massacre the two brothers . 
 though murdoch and conrad are still fair game , '' she concluded brightly . 
 `` conrad ? 
 i knew he was alive ! '' 
 danii said in a rush . 
 `` are the rumors true - is he fallen ? 
 will they ever find him ? '' 
 `` he lives . 
 dunno if he 's fallen . 
 and yes , eventually the brothers will locate him . 
 i 've been helping nikolai , you know . '' 
 and only nikolai . 
 nix refused to meet with murdoch or sebastian . 
 `` i know you have . 
 murdoch keeps me up to date about everything . '' 
 `` indeed ? 
 did he tell you that the goddess of impossibility gifted sebastian with another turn of thrane 's key ? 
 so he could go back in time and bring his own sisters and family forward ? 
 obviously riora grew quite enamored of the studly scholar . '' 
 murdoch had n't told her that . 
 but why ? 
 this was huge ! 
 instead of answering nix , danii demanded , `` why are you meddling in this ? 
 you do n't even really like vampires . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 nix asked in a scandalized tone . 
 `` i have never in my life meddled . '' 
 danii gave a harsh laugh . 
 `` you even got the house of witches to sell nikolai , a vampire , mystical goods . '' 
 if conrad was indeed fallen , the brothers planned to capture him to keep him from killing again . 
 nikolai 's first purchase had been unbreakable manacles that prevented the wearer from tracing . 
 `` gold got those mercenaries to sell to him , '' nix countered . 
 `` i merely brokered the deal . 
 would you rather i not help ? 
 hmm . 
 you seem irritable . 
 usually when i speak to shacked-up valks , they sound cheerier . '' 
 `` bet they can make skin-to-skin contact with their co-shackers . '' 
 `` is that the only reason for trouble in paradise ? 
 tell , nixie , tell . 
 you know i 'll just forget . '' 
 `` i think he 's ... avoiding me . 
 he spends night after night away , following leads about conrad . 
 that 's where he is tonight . '' 
 `` do you think he would avoid you if you two could touch ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 this situation has to be tormenting for him . '' 
 because it is for me . 
 `` i was thinking about mariketa the awaited , '' nix said . 
 `` she 's finally begun to come into her powers . 
 in another fifty years , she might be able to help you . '' 
 `` truly ? '' 
 mariketa was supposed to be the most powerful witch ever born to the house of witches . 
 `` i 've been waiting for this since she was a girl ! '' 
 no one in the lore had known how long they 'd be awaiting mariketa to attain her full strength , which could 've taken anywhere from years to millennia . 
 `` mariketa 's taking deposits , escrowed of course . 
 you could sign up on her waiting list . '' 
 danii could , and until the time came , maybe another less-powerful witch could put her and murdoch to sleep , hibernating like woden and freya . 
 when danii and murdoch woke , they 'd be able to be together . 
 yet she almost did n't want to tell murdoch about this idea . 
 fifty years would still sound like an age to him . 
 besides , it was in no way certain . 
 `` i do n't suppose you know of any way that might predate the fifty-year wait ? '' 
 danii was aware of other immortal competitions with outrageous prizes , as well as those extensive lore bazaars where magics were peddled . 
 both tended to be held around the accession . 
 could there finally be a magic out there that would allow her and murdoch to touch ? 
 without exacting a devastating - and potentially scaly - penalty ? 
 `` i 'll have to see into the future on that and get back to you , '' nix said . 
 `` but for now , let 's gossip ! '' 
 for half an hour , nix filled her in on lorean current events , such as the marriage between emma and lachlain macrieve , her were-wolf protector . 
 `` told you so about lykae inlaws , '' nix chirped . 
 and she related how kaderin had set about acclimating her medieval sisters to this time : `` video games can be deeply enlightening to the uninitiated . '' 
 `` what about regin ? '' 
 danii asked . 
 `` surely , she 's drummed up some kind of trouble . '' 
 regin the radiant was the coven 's resident prankster , hopelessly immature and proud of it . 
 her `` superhero identity '' was the fellatrix , and she was prone to snicker and say things like `` the song ` come on eileen ' does n't have a comma after on ... '' `` she 's been skirting nuclear meltdown since her b.f.f. lucia went scarce without her . '' 
 surprisingly , brash regin and level-headed lucia the huntress were inseparable best friends . 
 her past shrouded in mystery , lucia was an archer who 'd been cursed to feel indescribable pain if she missed a shot . 
 at least , that was one of her curses . 
 `` why would lucia do that ? '' 
 `` she 's gone on walkabout , with her own lykae admirer hot on her heels ... '' while she and nix gabbed , danii endeavored to explain her obsessive carving and the arcane symbols , but the soothsayer revealed nothing , saying only , `` your ways are not like our earth ways . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 nix suddenly exclaimed . 
 `` i almost forgot , i 'm sending you a pressy . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 danii liked gifts ! 
 as did every valkyrie . 
 `` how will you know where to send it ? '' 
 `` as if i do n't know exactly where you are ! 
 now , i must go . 
 i have mayhem down at five o'clock and survivor at eight . '' 
 `` will you tell everyone that i said hi , and not to steal the clothes i left behind ? '' 
 `` the second of those requests has already been rendered moot . 
 literally a free-for-all . '' 
 `` nix ! '' 
 `` one last thing , do you remember those pesky dempires ? '' 
 `` do i ever , '' danii said . 
 murdoch had barely survived his encounter with them . 
 `` want to say you told me so about them as well ? '' 
 `` no , no , i just wanted you to know that they 're mewling cream-puffs compared to conrad wroth . 
 and when i said that his brothers would eventually locate him ? 
 eventually is tonight . 
 ciao ! '' 
 click . 
 chapter 31 murdoch and nikolai entered erol 's - a ramshackle bayou tavern that catered solely to loreans - with sebastian due to meet them any minute . 
 a contact had told nikolai that conrad was within this bar on this very night , and had been returning here repeatedly . 
 as if to draw his brothers out . 
 in the past , conrad had wanted to kill murdoch and nikolai , had hated them for turning him , even more than sebastian had . 
 did conrad still want to ? 
 they 'd soon see . 
 murdoch scanned the interior of the dimly-lit tavern - he 's ... here . 
 `` in the back , '' he muttered to nikolai . 
 conrad sat at a table in the shadows , clasping his head as if it pounded . 
 our brother . 
 just here . 
 after so long . 
 `` he 's wearing sunglasses ? '' 
 nikolai muttered back . 
 to hide his red eyes ? 
 christ , do n't let it be . 
 conrad must 've sensed them . 
 he lowered his hand and raised his head to face them . 
 at once , he drew his lips back , baring his fangs menacingly . 
 a standoff . 
 patrons noticed the sudden tension and fell silent . 
 one look at conrad and they exited in a hurry . 
 the place emptied , right down to the bartender . 
 quiet reigned . 
 murdoch said nothing , dumbstruck to see his brother after all this time , to find him alive . 
 nikolai was speechless as well . 
 sebastian entered then , his countenance grave . 
 he crossed to his brothers , standing with them in a united front . 
 murdoch gave sebastian a quick nod , gratified once again that he 'd allied with them . 
 the first time in centuries the four of us have been in the same room . 
 conrad drew down his sunglasses , revealing eyes as red as blood . 
 murdoch 's lips parted , and sebastian muttered a curse . 
 nikolai winced , but he squared his shoulders , and the three strode forward - with uncanny speed , conrad lunged from his seat . 
 in one astonishing move , he vaulted over the table at them and struck sebastian with a skull-cracking blow , sending him hurtling into a wall . 
 before murdoch and nikolai could react , conrad snatched them by their throats , one in each hand as they fought to free themselves . 
 `` three hundred years of this , '' conrad hissed , his red eyes blazing with hate . 
 then all hell broke loose . 
 pace forward ... and back . 
 sit . 
 carve on tablet for huffish moments . 
 rise and repeat - the phone rang . 
 danii dove for it , answering in a rush , `` murdoch , is that you ? '' 
 `` we have conrad , '' he said , his voice rough . 
 `` he 's ... fallen . '' 
 `` oh , murdoch , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 danii 's heart hurt for him . 
 she knew how much murdoch cared for his brother , how devastating this was to him . 
 `` he was an assassin , but he drank all of his hundreds , or even thousands , of victims . 
 he took all their memories - and their strength . '' 
 `` is he crazed ? '' 
 she asked , though she knew the answer . 
 `` he nearly totaled nikolai 's car . 
 from the inside . 
 we barely captured him , and only because the lykae bowen macrieve showed up and helped take him down . 
 by swinging a bar rail into conrad 's face . '' 
 `` are you safe ? 
 were you hurt ? '' 
 `` let 's just say we 're all glad to be immortal , '' he muttered , then added , `` we 've got conrad locked up on a property outside of town , a place called elancourt . '' 
 `` i know of it . '' 
 elancourt was n't far from val hall and had always struck danii as creepy . 
 surely the decrepit gothic manor there was n't even livable . 
 `` why would you put him there ? '' 
 `` nix advised nikolai to . '' 
 what does she have up her sleeve with this ? 
 `` it 's going to take a lot of work for the three of us to make it comfortable for conrad . '' 
 more time away . 
 avoiding me . 
 `` but it 's hidden , '' he reminded her , which was important considering what they were doing . 
 one of the primary rules of the forbearer order was to kill fallen vampires - without mercy . 
 to harbor one would be considered treason , punishable by death . 
 `` what 's the plan now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we 'll keep him here , try to rehabilitate him with a potion from the witches . 
 basically do everything in our power to save him . 
 if we can keep him from killing , this might work . '' 
 the common wisdom was that the fallen could n't be brought back . 
 they could n't be rehabbed . 
 `` what if he 's beyond saving ? '' 
 she asked quietly , wishing she could spare him the inevitable failure . 
 `` we might have other options , '' murdoch said cryptically . 
 reminded of what nix had revealed , danii asked , `` like using thrane 's key ? 
 why did n't you tell me sebastian had it ? '' 
 `` i take it nix finally called you . '' 
 he exhaled . 
 `` danii , it was n't my secret to tell . 
 i keep sebastian 's , just as i keep yours . '' 
 `` will you use the key ? '' 
 `` we plan to in time , '' he said . 
 `` but it was meant to retrieve all our family . 
 if we bring conrad back from the past with them , his present self would fade . 
 we 'd wipe out three hundred years of his life . 
 at the very least , we want to get him well enough to make the decision . 
 we wo n't make this one for him . 
 not like last time . '' 
 `` i see , '' she murmured , disappointed that he had n't confided something so major - even as she knew that murdoch could n't exactly ask sebastian to let danii in on the secret . 
 because sebastian did n't know about her . 
 in a distracted tone , he said , `` look , when we finish up with conrad , you and i should visit riora . 
 maybe we could get her to help us - we 're in an impossible situation , right ? '' 
 he does n't even realize how hurtful that is to me . 
 and he also did n't realize that riora was the flighty goddess who 'd given danii the bowling shoes ... chapter 32 `` leave me ! '' 
 conrad bellowed , straining against his bonds so hard the manacles cut into his wrists . 
 murdoch was baffled by this sudden change in his brother after two weeks of gradual - some would say plodding - improvement . 
 he hesitated , contemplating whether he should try again to reach him , or to leave . 
 when blood began dripping down conrad 's wrists , murdoch stood . 
 `` things are heating up overseas , '' he finally said , `` and none of us will be back until late tomorrow . '' 
 kristoff had warned that a league of horde vampires might attack mount oblak soon . 
 `` do you want to drink before i go ? '' 
 `` get out of my sight ! '' 
 `` conrad , calm yourself , '' murdoch said , to little effect . 
 damn it , he 'd thought they 'd been making such progress with him . 
 they 'd gotten him to drink from a cup without spitting blood in their faces and even to shower . 
 lately , he 'd had long spells of lucidity where he 'd engaged the brothers in conversation . 
 but conrad was still hallucinating , seeing scenes from all those memories he 'd harvested , and more recently - an invisible `` ghost woman , '' who he believed lived in elancourt with him . 
 then today had come this inexplicable setback . 
 all murdoch had done was try to talk to him about finding his own bride , about all the benefits inherent in that - because the brothers had discovered that conrad ... had never been with a woman . 
 and they 'd at last determined why he 'd gone mad from the turning . 
 unbeknownst to the entire family , conrad had been a vampire hunter for more than half his mortal life , had even secretly joined a monastic order sworn to wipe out the species . 
 he 'd given up everything - his freedom , his future , women - for this cause . 
 then murdoch and nikolai had turned him into his starkest nightmare . 
 no wonder he still struggled . 
 when conrad began rocking on the bed in a snarling fury , murdoch murmured , `` i 'm leaving , '' then traced downstairs . 
 christ , this was a piss day . 
 had he actually once lamented that life was too boring ? 
 now it seemed a thousand demands were converging on him . 
 he could n't reach conrad . 
 kristoff prepared for war . 
 the three wroth brothers were to be ready and on call , yet murdoch could n't shake the feeling that their king had become suspicious of what they 'd been doing in their downtime . 
 and daniela ... murdoch knew he 'd been neglecting her . 
 first he 'd had to find conrad , then capture him . 
 now murdoch was investigating his brother 's past for anything that might help him recover . 
 remarkably , murdoch had yet to learn of a single instance when conrad had slain an innocent . 
 but how many times had murdoch told daniela he 'd be back at the lodge by a certain time , but then conrad attempted an escape or went into a rage ? 
 murdoch would call to explain , and oftentimes she would n't even answer . 
 would she tonight ? 
 he dialed her number . 
 `` pick up , danii , '' he muttered . 
 no answer . 
 he tried her again . 
 murdoch was growing so weary of his double life . 
 ca n't talk about my bride , ca n't bloody touch her . 
 even as part of him yearned to be near her , another part of him was growing to hate the temptation that was never satisfied . 
 having his lips a breath away from her flesh and being denied a taste ... he did n't know how much longer he could hold on . 
 where the hell is she ? 
 he could simply trace to the lodge , but she might be out , anywhere within that vast forest . 
 besides , he 'd planned to follow leads this eve . 
 yet if he were honest , he 'd admit he was reluctant to return to their freezing home . 
 earlier when he 'd left , the first siberian blizzard of the season had just begun raging , delighting her , and dismaying him . 
 tonight there would be no warm hearth , no warm wife to gather close to him . 
 no warm body to lose himself in ... no answer . 
 his fist shot out , slamming into the crumbling plaster wall . 
 long hours passed before murdoch returned to daniela , and he arrived even later than he 'd intended to . 
 surprisingly , she was n't at work on her ice tablet - it sat idle against the wall . 
 nor was she outside . 
 he found her in bed , dressed in a wispy black gown with her hair loose . 
 the ice crystals around her eyes glinted in the room 's dimmed light . 
 she 's so beautiful . 
 `` it 's late , '' she quietly said . 
 `` i tried to call you earlier , but you did n't answer . 
 i had some things to look into . '' 
 `` murdoch , if i did n't know better , i 'd swear you were looking for excuses to be away from me . '' 
 `` you know how important this is to us , '' he hedged . 
 `` and we 're running out of time . 
 i 'm asking for you to be understanding about this , and for your patience with me . '' 
 but she was still upset , lightning streaking outside . 
 luckily , he 'd had the foresight a few nights ago to buy a get-out-of-jail-free card , an emerald comb he 'd kept in his pocket for just such a time as this . 
 `` just to show you that i 've been thinking about you , i got you a surprise . '' 
 `` a gift for me ? '' 
 her eyes instantly grew bright . 
 `` i love gifts ! '' 
 grinning , he made a mental note always to have one of these on hand and dug into his coat pocket . 
 empty . 
 `` it 's ... not here ? '' 
 she cast him a sad , crestfallen look that seemed to rip into his chest . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 you did n't need to get me anything . '' 
 a piss day . 
 `` damn it ! 
 it was an emerald comb . 
 i just bought it the other night for your hair . '' 
 he checked all his pockets , then tore through his things . 
 nothing . 
 he must have evinced his disappointment , because she sighed , and her tone softened . 
 `` we 'll find it later , murdoch . 
 but for now , you look exhausted . 
 why do n't you come to bed ? '' 
 she patted the spot beside her , glancing up at him from under her icy lashes . 
 undone . 
 just like that , he grew hard for her . 
 `` you do n't have to ask me twice . '' 
 ignoring the cold , he stripped off his clothes - everything but his gloves - as she pulled off her gown . 
 once he joined her in bed , he snagged a blanket . 
 she nibbled her lip , her eyes excited , knowing what he wanted to do . 
 `` lie back . '' 
 as she reclined , he drew the blanket over her , covering up to her br ** sts . 
 barrier in place , he eased above her , settling between her legs . 
 he rested his upper body on his elbows , leaving his gloved palms free to fondle her luscious little br ** sts . 
 with his face buried in the flaxen hair spread over her pillow , he rocked his shaft against her , shuddering with pleasure . 
 this was his favorite position with her . 
 at least like this , he could imagine he was actually inside her . 
 and it made him recall his recurring dream of drinking her . 
 the more tense their situation became , the more he dreamed of it . 
 now as he moved over her , he dragged his tongue across one of his sharpening fangs for a shot of blood , pretending it was hers , pretending he was truly taking her . 
 when he rolled his h * ps again , she wriggled her own , putting his shaft in just the right spot . 
 `` there , kallim ? '' 
 he grated with another thrust . 
 `` ah , yes , '' she moaned , letting him know he 'd rubbed directly over her clitoris . 
 squeezing her br ** sts , he ground against her there , making her cry , `` more ! '' 
 he gave her more , harder and harder . 
 as her moans grew louder , she writhed wildly , meeting him . 
 `` come for me , '' he rasped desperately , about to spill on her . 
 she arched her back , her body tensing beneath him as she neared her peak . 
 suddenly he felt his ankle brush hers , skin to freezing skin . 
 the blanket rode up ? 
 his eyes went wide , just as she cried out in agony . 
 `` murdoch , no ! '' 
 she shoved him off her , scrambling away . 
 there she sat on one side of the bed , quivering with pain , while he moved to the other , sitting with his head in his hands . 
 `` christ , i did n't mean to hurt you . '' 
 `` w-we have to be more careful . '' 
 `` damn it ! 
 i need to touch you , or i 'll go mad ! '' 
 she whispered , `` do you think this is any easier for me ? '' 
 he raised his head , staring at the wall as he said , `` i want to make this better , i want to fix this for us . 
 and i ca n't . 
 there 's nothing i can do . '' 
 he heard her pull on her gown before she walked on her knees toward him . 
 `` murdoch , there might be a way . 
 i did n't want to say anything because it 's so uncertain , but there 's a witch who is coming into her powers . 
 the strongest one . 
 in a mere fifty years , she could find the answer for us . '' 
 `` a mere fifty years ? 
 half a century of this ? '' 
 `` we could get one of them to cast a spell and make us sleep , or - '' `` sleep ? 
 you mean hibernate ? '' 
 he shot to his feet , yanking on his pants as he whirled around to face her . 
 `` like goddamn animals ? 
 you expect me to lose five decades of my life ? '' 
 he demanded , his frustration goading him . 
 `` maybe this was n't meant to be . '' 
 as soon as the word left his lips , he regretted them . 
 but when she blinked at him as if he 'd spoken blasphemy , his temper flared hotter . 
 as if she 's never thought that . 
 `` not meant to be ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 you 've never considered bailing on me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have n't . '' 
 `` when we are together , all we do is fight . 
 it just was n't this hard ... '' he trailed off . 
 she stood as well , moving to face him . 
 `` what ? 
 what were you going to say ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` it just was n't this hard with other women ? '' 
 when he did n't deny it , her lips parted . 
 `` i am so sick of you talking about your past conquests ! '' 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore ! '' 
 he kicked her latest ice tablet , shattering it . 
 she stood motionless , her eyes growing silver with hurt and confusion . 
 a tear spilled , then another , each one a knife to his heart . 
 he wanted to comfort her , to take her in his arms and ease that confusion . 
 then he remembered he could n't . 
 `` if you do n't think fighting for us is worth the trouble , '' she murmured , `` then i 'm not going to bother either . '' 
 she strode from the room , down the stairs , then out into the night . 
 he gave a vile curse , fighting the impulse to go after her . 
 he was still angry , still exhausted . 
 they would only fight more . 
 so he dressed , then traced to mount oblak , seeking one of his brothers or rurik . 
 he needed to talk with someone , to unburden himself . 
 but never to speak about daniela . 
 no , never about her . 
 what would he say anyway ? 
 `` just looking at her wrecks me . 
 i 'm tempted every second by something that 's dazzling and perfect - and always just out of reach . '' 
 though his brothers were n't there , he found rurik , lukyan , and a few others gambling in the castle 's common area . 
 `` murdoch , join us ! '' 
 rurik called . 
 `` have a drink . '' 
 lukyan gave a snide laugh . 
 `` he wo n't . '' 
 clearly nothing had changed between murdoch and him since the demon attack . 
 worse , lukyan was right - murdoch had been just about to decline . 
 when had he become so domesticated ? 
 so predictably domesticated . 
 why not stay here ? 
 he resented another night of not having her , resented the strife between them that had no end in sight . 
 a stiff whiskey seemed just the thing . 
 he took off his gloves and settled in front of the great hearth fire , rebelliously basking in its warmth . 
 numb the ache . 
 one shot down . 
 blunt the need . 
 then another . 
 chapter 33 danii marched straight out into the blizzard . 
 all around her , snowdrifts crested and furrowed , illustrating the path of the gusts . 
 with her gown whipping about her thighs , she sniffled , running her forearm over her teary eyes . 
 she had n't expected things to be easy between her and murdoch , but she 'd thought the prize was worth the fight . 
 maybe he was right . 
 maybe i should bail . 
 she 'd never considered it before . 
 not until he 'd all but dared her to . 
 another swipe over her eyes . 
 murdoch equals misery . 
 they would just keep hurting each other . 
 where was the limit ? 
 when do you give up on someone you love ? 
 ah , gods , she did love him . 
 with all her heart . 
 though the valkyrie did n't have `` fated mates '' per se , they believed that one would know her partner when she realized she would always run to get into his arms . 
 if he came back now , i 'd run right to him . 
 which meant there 'd be no bailing for danii , not yet - her ears twitched . 
 even over the wind , she heard something moving behind her . 
 danii sensed she was being followed , but for some reason she did n't believe it was murdoch . 
 then who the devil would be out here ? 
 when a footstep crunched in the snow , she whirled around , spied a male in the icy shadows . 
 his breaths did n't smoke . 
 he had pointed ears . 
 an iceren . 
 no , not again ! 
 her eyes darted , scanning for the rest of the assassins in the blustery night . 
 she 'd been unwary ; now she would pay for it . 
 and all she could think of was how she 'd left things with murdoch . 
 yet the male raised his palms . 
 `` my name is jadian the cold . '' 
 his voice was deep-toned , raspy . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 `` actually , you found us . 
 the cryomancy symbols you 've been carving were about to unlock a portal . 
 we learned you were nearing and merely awaited . '' 
 cryomancy ? 
 portal symbols ? 
 `` now you 've come to kill me ? '' 
 `` not in the least . 
 i mean you no harm . '' 
 she gave a bitter laugh . 
 `` where 's the rest of your battalion to back you up ? '' 
 `` i 've come alone . '' 
 `` your mistake . 
 since the last batch you bastards sent did n't fare so well . '' 
 `` they were sent by sigmund - before i assassinated him . '' 
 `` he was ... killed ? 
 by you ? '' 
 this jadian nodded . 
 `` i was a general in his army and led a coup against him . '' 
 `` wh-why ? '' 
 `` because our people want their true queen back . '' 
 had he just said our people ? 
 true queen ? 
 stay standing . 
 `` why now ? '' 
 `` first i had to find you . 
 then i had to determine whether you were strong enough to rule . 
 to make sure you were worthy to be svana 's heir . 
 you are . '' 
 `` this could be a trick , a way to take me prisoner . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` nix did n't tell you about me ? '' 
 was this icere male the `` pressy '' coming her way ? 
 the one nix had mentioned directly after danii had tried to explain the symbols and carving ? 
 `` uh , not in so many words . '' 
 `` she told me she would . '' 
 he and nix had been talking ? 
 `` but then , your sister also said you 'd be more accurate with your cryomancy . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 danii demanded . 
 `` you 're one symbol off from creating a portal into our realm . 
 but yours would have opened two hundred miles south of icergard , amid the white death - a frozen wasteland that even you would have difficulty crossing . '' 
 `` then how did you find me ? '' 
 `` one of your symbols was shattered tonight . 
 it sounded like a cannon blast through the castle , and was a beacon for me . '' 
 when murdoch kicked my tablet ... `` i opened my own portal directly to you here . '' 
 he pointed in the distance , to an oval of diffused air that rebuffed the driving snow . 
 she shook her head irritably . 
 `` my shoddy cryomancy notwithstanding , this does n't make sense . 
 why would they want me ? 
 my mother was reviled for attempting to kill sigmund . '' 
 `` not reviled , revered . 
 but the icere were too fearful of sigmund to rebel . 
 especially once queen svana was gone and they knew of no one to replace her . 
 they have a holiday in svana 's name now . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 such a queenly answer . 
 but to be fair , this was staggering . 
 `` wait . 
 they knew of no one to replace her ? '' 
 `` it was forbidden to speak your name . 
 after a few centuries , new generations did n't even know it . '' 
 he stepped closer to her , now mere feet away . 
 `` but they do now . 
 and they await you . '' 
 `` jadian , there have been too many years of suspicion and running . 
 if our positions were reversed , you would n't just blindly accept my word , '' she said . 
 yet even as she spoke , she realized she did believe him . 
 danii knew men . 
 and this one was telling the truth . 
 her previously twitching ears were still . 
 `` you should contact nix if you have doubts , '' he said . 
 `` until then ... '' he pulled something from his vest . 
 `` oh , gods , '' danii breathed . 
 my mother 's crown . 
 with shaking hands , she accepted the piece from him , staring down at it through watering eyes . 
 and as she held the crown , cold and right in her hands , fresh memories of the day her mother left finally surfaced . 
 `` never , never go to icergard . 
 not until you 're shown the way . '' 
 `` who will show me , mama ? '' 
 danii cried . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` when the time is right , you 'll show yourself . '' 
 `` how ? 
 how will i know ? '' 
 `` you already know the way , my darling . 
 you just have n't remembered it yet ... '' danii exhaled a stunned breath . 
 she 'd been making her own way to icergard , because the time was right . 
 all of this was ... real . 
 danii felt it , down to her bones , as pure as a chill . 
 all those years of fearing the icere soldiers and spies were over . 
 she could have a normal life . 
 no more assassination attempts ! 
 she could be with her own kind . 
 this was the solution to all her problems . 
 so why was she suddenly so depressed ? 
 because her first thought was that she could n't wait to tell murdoch . 
 and because this new life did n't have a surly vampire in it . 
 `` jadian , this is a lot to take in . '' 
 he drew nearer . 
 `` you only need accept what 's yours . '' 
 the corners of his lips curled , disconcerting her . 
 `` what 's been yours for so long . '' 
 is he flirting with me ? 
 brain overload . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm in my nightgown ... jadian was kind of sexy . 
 he stood as tall as murdoch and had intense blue eyes , the color of glacial ice . 
 berserker ravels tangled in his thick blond hair . 
 his sleeveless shirt displayed muscular arms and the cobalt tracings of the icere . 
 but whereas her markings were delicate , his were wide and bold , designed to attract females like her . 
 and still , for danii , the vampire won hands down . 
 `` um , let me think about it , '' she said . 
 `` you can just make another portal here , right ? 
 let 's meet at the same time tomorrow night . '' 
 she turned to go - and felt fingers close around her bare arm . 
 she stiffened . 
 a split second later , comprehension hit her and she gasped . 
 no pain . 
 she turned back . 
 again that sensual curling of his lips . 
 `` maybe i need to explain the other benefits of coming back with me . '' 
 jadian was very sexy . 
 `` you 're , uh , really devoted to your people . 
 you 'll resort to flirting to get me to return . '' 
 `` there 's no hardship . '' 
 `` i 'm not ... yours or anything ? '' 
 could she be a vampire 's bride and a noble fey 's lady ? 
 `` i 'm not a big believer in fated mates . '' 
 had a shadow of some emotion flickered in his blue eyes ? 
 `` but i could kiss you to better tell . '' 
 `` k-kiss me ? '' 
 she 'd never been kissed . 
 her curiosity prodded her . 
 her head spun . 
 what about murdoch ? 
 gods , she loved that vampire . 
 but he does n't even want to fight for me . 
 jadian took the matter out of her hands . 
 `` i think my queen would like a kiss , '' he murmured , leaning down to her . 
 danii tensed when his lips touched hers . 
 she could n't help the defensive reaction . 
 yet again there was no pain . 
 instead she felt the firmness of his lips , the delicious brush of his tongue . 
 so this is kissing . 
 if only she could do this with murdoch , she 'd never stop ... chapter 34 `` murdoch used to say that women are like bottles of liquor - sample them , savor them , then discard them , '' rurik drunkenly declared , his eye patch crooked . 
 more vampires had joined in the gaming , and they all laughed . 
 yet rurik 's words sounded hollow to murdoch , hollow like the ache in his chest . 
 what a slavering jackass i used to be . 
 he remembered other men slapping him on the back over his conquests . 
 they 'd been so envious of his success with women . 
 he no longer shared their definition of success . 
 rurik quieted his tone , skewering murdoch with a look . 
 `` i wonder if he still feels the same way . '' 
 he 's aware that my heart 's beating . 
 at length , murdoch answered , `` until you meet the one woman who 's meant to be yours . 
 then you hold on and never let go . '' 
 how well was he holding on to daniela ? 
 i 'm driving her away . 
 she 'd been so vulnerable when she suggested they sleep through five decades . 
 and he 'd been so busy raging over the unfairness of their situation that never once had it registered what she had just offered to do for them - sacrifice fifty years of her own life . 
 he had n't thanked her for her offer . 
 he 'd ridiculed her for it . 
 i 've been such a fool . 
 what the f ** k was fifty years if they were together ? 
 she 's my life now . 
 clarity . 
 his brother nikolai had told him that love would feel different from anything he 'd ever known . 
 murdoch concluded he was right . 
 i 'm in love with her . 
 he pushed away the bottle . 
 go to her ... apologize . 
 he 'd left her crying . 
 he 'd been such an ass , like the old selfish murdoch who 'd boasted about women being as expendable as liquor . 
 with that thought , the truth sank in . 
 i 'm not worth her tears . 
 but he could be . 
 he stood unsteadily , donning his coat and the obligatory gloves , then traced to the lodge . 
 when he did n't find her inside , he started out into the still-raging blizzard , following her fading tracks . 
 finally , he caught sight of movement among the thick drifts . 
 just as he was about to trace to her , he spotted something that defied belief . 
 he stared in drunken shock , squinting through the flurries . 
 there was another male , one who looked to be of her kind , with nordic coloring and pointed ears . 
 he was easily as tall as murdoch . 
 and daniela was up on her toes ... kissing him . 
 ca n't be real . 
 i 'm drunk . 
 ca n't see through the blizzard . 
 somehow she was withstanding the male 's touch , receiving his kiss . 
 the bastard grasped her bare upper arms - with his ungloved hands . 
 murdoch gnashed his teeth . 
 skin to skin . 
 a jealous rage ripped through him . 
 all the frustration he 'd grappled with for months roared to life . 
 his fangs went sharp with aggression , his heart pumping with wrath . 
 just when he realized he loved her , she would betray him ? 
 the words from his dreams echoed in his mind : how badly do you want her ? 
 what would you sacrifice ? 
 anything , he 'd do anything ... did n't she know that she belonged to him ? 
 after tonight , she will . 
 <br/> because it was n't murdoch . 
 just as she began to pull back from jadian , her ears twitched . 
 something was wrong - jadian went flying away from her into a tree . 
 she blinked , struggling to get her bearings . 
 murdoch ? 
 he 's back ! 
 and he was seething , staring at jadian with deadly intent , his eyes flooding black . 
 `` no , murdoch ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` this is lord jadian . 
 he 's come to offer me my crown ! 
 he 's killed sigmund . 
 murdoch , are you hearing me ? '' 
 nothing . 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 finally he spoke . 
 to jadian . 
 `` you dare touch my woman ? '' 
 he launched himself at the iceren , who eagerly met him . 
 they clashed in the snow and howling winds , throwing punches . 
 jadian was fast , skilled , and in his element , but against murdoch 's tracing and palpable fury he was no match . 
 until jadian raised ice in his palm ... oh , gods , murdoch . 
 `` stop ! 
 both of you , stop fighting now ! '' 
 jadian immediately dropped his hands . 
 following the order ? 
 he gritted his teeth just before murdoch roared and swung his fist , connecting with jadian 's temple like an anvil hit . 
 jadian staggered . 
 she rushed between them . 
 `` jadian ! 
 are you all right ? '' 
 never taking his eyes from murdoch , he nodded . 
 `` stay here , please . '' 
 to murdoch , she said , `` vampire , come inside with me . 
 now ! '' 
 she could n't believe she was talking like this to the drunk , infuriated vampire who 'd just caught his bride kissing a strange male . 
 yet when she strode toward the lodge , murdoch did follow her , though he seemed to be getting more and more enraged with each step . 
 once they were inside , she said , `` this is not as bad as it looked . '' 
 `` he kissed you , '' murdoch grated , his eyes wild . 
 `` he took what does n't belong to him . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` your first kiss - it was mine to give you one day . 
 but you let him . '' 
 `` i just wanted to see what it 'd be like , '' she said , repeating his words from all those months ago . 
 `` it 's trivial , especially compared to what has happened tonight . 
 jadian has come to take me back to icergard , to my people . 
 they want to offer me my throne . '' 
 `` and jadian '' - he sneered the name - `` had to kiss you to extend the f ** king invitation ? '' 
 `` you have a lot of nerve to blame me for kissing another , since you did it to me . '' 
 `` before we 'd become committed . '' 
 `` committed ? '' 
 she cried . 
 `` you do n't even know the meaning of the word ! 
 you leave me here , avoiding me , and when you do return , you 're distant and preoccupied . '' 
 `` you let him touch you ! '' 
 `` i did , and it was nice . 
 more than nice ! '' 
 she added the lie . 
 `` but maybe you 're too drunk to notice that i was pulling away from him - because of you . 
 i chose you , over a male i can touch ! 
 and now i see that i chose poorly . 
 luckily , i can rectify the situation . '' 
 she held up her crown , clenched in her fist . 
 `` i 'm going to icergard with him . '' 
 something in murdoch seemed to snap . 
 `` no , daniela , you 're not . '' 
 he stalked closer to her . 
 `` you 're going to stay with me - because you are mine . '' 
 finally he was behaving like the domineering vampire . 
 `` my woman to possess , to kiss , to drink . '' 
 as he stared down at her , his irises were black as night and just as fathomless . 
 wait ... to drink ? 
 `` no , no . 
 do n't , murdoch ! '' 
 but she was caught , mesmerized by the desire in his eyes . 
 `` ah , gods ... '' when his gaze dropped to her neck , she knew he was going to do it . 
 so why am i not fighting him ? 
 his gloved hands clamped her shoulders , squeezing them as he held her in place . 
 his parted lips covered her neck , seeking ... just as she cried out , he groaned and bit down . 
 she flailed , but he held her tight . 
 pain seared her skin , his fangs like two brands shoved into her neck , his tongue like a flame . 
 chapter 35 murdoch fell upon her , pressing her into the wall as he sank his fangs deeper into the sweet flesh of her neck . 
 the cold pained him , so badly he nearly released her , but soon blood wet his mouth . 
 the taste ... he growled against her , the pleasure was so intense . 
 finally , she 's in my arms . 
 at last , i can hold her , taste her . 
 could n't believe he was doing this , needed to pull away . 
 i 'm taking too much . 
 he could feel her cries against him . 
 when she screamed , he somehow released her , stumbling back . 
 `` oh , god , daniela ! '' 
 he stared in horror at her ravaged neck , her tender skin burned . 
 as she backed away from him , her silver eyes welled with tears . 
 `` how could you , murdoch ? '' 
 her pupils were huge with shock . 
 `` you vowed to me . '' 
 between heaving breaths , he rasped , `` daniela , i do n't know what happened . '' 
 `` you lost control . 
 and you 'll do it again . '' 
 he wanted to deny it . 
 christ help me , i ca n't . 
 his expression must have betrayed his thoughts . 
 her tears spilled , her face paler from blood loss . 
 `` now you 're the second man who 's touched me against my will . '' 
 her words were growing weaker , indistinct . 
 he grated in confusion , `` the second ? '' 
 `` i 'm leaving , and i never want to see your face again as long as i live . '' 
 jadian rushed into the lodge then , his watchful gaze taking in the scene . 
 `` you bit her ? '' 
 he looked at murdoch like he was scum , like he was a monster . 
 `` i will slaughter you for harming my queen . '' 
 `` n-no , '' daniela said through her tears , tugging on his arm . 
 `` i just want to go . '' 
 go , with that male , away from murdoch . 
 forever . 
 `` do n't you leave me ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 in answer , she put the back of her hand against her mouth and sobbed . 
 unsteady , crying freely , daniela turned to the door without a glance back . 
 when murdoch charged after her , jadian stood in his way . 
 murdoch tensed , about to attack him once more - daniela 's legs gave way , her body crumpling . 
 in a flash , jadian swung around and caught her up against him . 
 `` queen daniela ? '' 
 then his eyes narrowed . 
 `` blood loss . '' 
 `` give her to me , '' murdoch grated with outstretched hands , `` or i 'll kill you so slowly . '' 
 `` so you can drain more of her ? '' 
 jadian shifted daniela into one arm ; with his other , he hurled a handful of ice at murdoch . 
 the hit connected with his chest like a freight train , sending murdoch crashing into a wall . 
 his skin began to freeze , trapping him in place . 
 he thrashed to break free , but the ice was too strong . 
 `` do n't you dare take her ! 
 she ca n't see that this is a trick - '' with daniela still in his arms , jadian loomed over murdoch . 
 `` there is no trick . 
 i 've eliminated any threat against her . 
 her sister even told me how to find her , because she wants daniela to be with her own kind . '' 
 `` then where the f ** k were you for the last two thousand years ? '' 
 jadian did n't answer the question , just said , `` i will leave you alive , but only because that was her will . '' 
 `` give her time to wake , so i can talk to her - '' `` you believe you can convince her to stay with you ? 
 you attacked her . 
 look at her neck . 
 remember this sight . 
 this is what you are to her - pain . '' 
 `` no ... no ... '' `` i 'm taking her to where she can be content , vampire . 
 where she will be safe . '' 
 `` like her mother ? '' 
 `` her mother did n't have me to protect her . '' 
 with a wave of the male 's hand , the ice began to build up over murdoch 's torso , crushing him . 
 higher and higher , climbing up over his chin . 
 powerless to do more than watch them leave , murdoch had time for a last breath - and used it to bellow her name . 
 but they were already gone . 
 ice swallowed him , cutting off his air . 
 soon blackness followed . 
 and in that time , he dreamed daniela 's memories , taken from her blood . 
 unable to wake , his clenched fists frozen , murdoch watched as a roman senator took her from a cage so he could run his fingertips over her delicate skin , fascinated by how it burned . 
 murdoch felt her pain , her revulsion . 
 how long she 'd been trapped in that hell , he could n't determine . 
 but he experienced her relief when myst - the female murdoch had hated for so long - and two other sisters had come for her . 
 myst had saved her life and murdered the roman . 
 why had daniela never told murdoch about any of this ? 
 about being a captive ? 
 rage consumed him for the long-dead roman who 'd tortured her . 
 and yet murdoch had hurt her just as badly , if not worse . 
 after all , she 'd trusted him . 
 daniela thinks of me as she does that monster . 
 and she should . 
 the look in her eyes when i released her neck ... when the ice had melted enough to be broken and he regained consciousness , his driving need to go after her was extinguished . 
 who the hell was he to take her away from her fate ? 
 from her own kind ? 
 her whole life had been made better , fixed . 
 part of him still wanted to believe that she 'd been tricked , that she would need him to save her ... but the disgust shown by jadian had been real . 
 and he could easily have killed murdoch . 
 as much as it enraged him to recall how jadian had kissed daniela , murdoch knew they looked right together . 
 she 's gone . 
 for hours , he mindlessly roamed the too-quiet lodge , cursing bitterly , ignoring his brothers ' calls . 
 even as daniela 's blood still thrummed in his veins , his chest felt empty , aching for her . 
 i 've lost her . 
 the look in her eyes ... murdoch punched the wall . 
 the pain briefly diverted his attention from the hollowness in his chest . 
 so this is love . 
 he 'd lost the one woman he 'd ever loved . 
 no , not lost . 
 he 'd driven her away with his selfishness and neglect . 
 with his broken vows and attack . 
 now that he could think about the night with a clearer head , he remembered that she had been pulling away from jadian . 
 because of me . 
 murdoch had never understood conrad 's madness . 
 now he did . 
 there were some things the mind was not made to handle , differing in each person . 
 i 'm not made to live without daniela . 
 the phone rang yet again . 
 there 'd been talk of an upcoming battle . 
 maybe that was exactly what murdoch needed . 
 to fight . 
 to be a vampire . 
 to kill and destroy and not think about how daniela would be happier away from him . 
 he answered the phone . 
 `` we go to war , '' nikolai said . 
 perfect . 
 chapter 36 so this is icergard , danii thought as jadian gave her the grand tour of the castle the next day . 
 i 'm definitely getting a fortress of solitude vibe . 
 when she 'd awakened , sharp-eared icere maids had smiled shyly as they laid out a gown of the softest silk danii had ever imagined , along with svana 's crown . 
 a fire had burned in a hearth of ice - a blue fire that emanated cold . 
 which was just cool . 
 last night , it had been late here when jadian had sneaked her into her new royal chambers . 
 he 'd thought it `` politically unwise '' for the icere to see their new queen 's face wet from tears , her body lifeless , with her neck bearing the unmistakable mark of a vampire . 
 `` as in most factions of the lore , vampires are feared and hated here , '' he 'd explained . 
 without wonder . 
 she still could n't believe that murdoch had bitten her . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 she 'd asked . 
 `` i left him in ice . 
 i would have killed him , but you ordered me not to fight . '' 
 `` and you follow my orders ? '' 
 `` you 're my queen , '' he 'd said simply . 
 `` one who 'll be crowned in three days , if that 's acceptable to you . '' 
 `` it is . 
 but what are the icere going to think of me ? '' 
 `` they 're going to love you as they did your mother ... '' now , as he showed her around , she tried to concentrate on what he was saying , but her mind was troubled over the events of the night . 
 murdoch 's bite had been the worst pain she 'd ever experienced , and yet she 'd felt some kind of connection to him . 
 he 'd taken her blood , lots of it . 
 would he dream her memories ? 
 at the idea , embarrassment suffused her . 
 would he know how lonely she 'd been ? 
 gradually , her neck had healed , but she was still uneasy , fretful . 
 guilt weighed on her . 
 she did n't believe she 'd brought on the attack - or that she 'd deserved it in any way . 
 but she still felt complicity , because she had n't repelled him . 
 she could have frozen murdoch , could have blasted him with the fury of that blizzard . 
 instead , a fatalism had swept over her , as if she 'd been waiting forever for his bite . 
 myst had taken pleasure from it , as had kaderin . 
 it 'd been a nightmare for daniela - `` do you regret coming here ? '' 
 jadian asked , rousing her from her thoughts . 
 he was gazing straight ahead , his face impassive , but she could sense his tension . 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 `` you are quiet . '' 
 `` uh , i 'm just amazed by what i 'm seeing . '' 
 in truth , castle icergard was an engineering marvel . 
 built beneath an invisible dome of ice , the structure was bricked with baguette-cut diamonds - each half a foot long . 
 the prisms at the ends of the diamonds glinted unrelentingly , like a valkyrie 's worst nightmare . 
 good thing i 'm immune . 
 `` it 's remarkable , '' she added . 
 `` it 's ... home , '' jadian said simply . 
 inside the castle , elaborate designs were carved into all the walls , with smaller diamonds embedded throughout . 
 thin sheets of polished and etched ice comprised the windows . 
 chandeliers of ice hung from the great-hall ceiling , their lights that cold blue fire , shimmering like the aurora borealis dancing in the night sky . 
 the more danii saw , the more she loved it here . 
 ice , ice , and would you like some ice with that ice ? 
 here , plants grew from it . 
 the people held it sacred , just as other cultures worshipped the sun or the earth as life-giving . 
 earlier , any of the icere they 'd come upon had been reserved , but as word got around that danii was personable , more approached her . 
 a female even asked her to bless her baby girl . 
 danii swallowed nervously as she gathered the babe in her arms . 
 she 'd never in her life held one . 
 the mother said , `` welcome home , queen daniela . '' 
 as danii traced the backs of her fingers over the baby 's soft cheek , tears welled . 
 this is where i belong . 
 where she 'd always belonged . 
 i am home . 
 the cell door slammed behind murdoch , nikolai , and sebastian . 
 `` we 're screwed , '' sebastian muttered . 
 murdoch did not disagree . 
 when the three had shown up at mount oblak ready to go to war , the king 's guards had instead forced them into a barred suite . 
 these chambers were used for political prisoners . 
 here were facilities , a shower . 
 yet no one could trace inside or out , and the walls and door were mystically reinforced . 
 luckily , the three brothers had n't been taken to the dungeons below , filled with ivo 's old torture devices . 
 but then , kristoff had made it clear he had no intention of torturing them . 
 or freeing them - until they gave up conrad . 
 which they would never do . 
 how long would the king keep them here ? 
 weeks ? 
 or more ? 
 at the thought of a protracted imprisonment , murdoch swore under his breath . 
 though he had decided not to go after daniela , his resolve had n't lasted long . 
 no matter what , he was deeply ashamed of hurting her , and would n't rest until he 'd apologized to her . 
 now he paced , barely listening to his brothers . 
 `` we knew this might happen , '' nikolai said . 
 `` a one-in-a-thousand chance . '' 
 `` how did kristoff find out ? '' 
 sebastian snapped . 
 `` he has ways . '' 
 `` ways ? 
 as in lukyan or some other russian , '' sebastian said . 
 `` when i find out who informed on us - '' `` you 'll do what ? '' 
 nikolai demanded . 
 `` we 're the ones at fault here . 
 we broke the law . '' 
 `` but how can kristoff expect us to give up our own brother ? '' 
 sebastian shook his head . 
 `` conrad would be powerless against his men , unable to defend himself , unable to escape . '' 
 `` we might as well swing the swords ourselves , '' nikolai agreed . 
 `` but if we think myst and kaderin are going to just sit around and accept our capture , we 're deluded . '' 
 `` kristoff must know they 'll wage an attack , '' sebastian said . 
 `` as soon as they find out what happened , they 'll likely plot to take this castle and execute him . '' 
 when a chill night breeze sieved through the barred window , murdoch crossed to it . 
 he sucked in air , feeling hot , claustrophobic . 
 `` murdoch ? '' 
 nikolai said . 
 `` are you even listening to us ... ? '' 
 how could i have bitten daniela ? 
 when he loved her . 
 and what was fifty years ? 
 he could wait an eternity . 
 but he could n't get to her to tell her this . 
 frustration strangled him like a noose . 
 in murdoch 's absence , would lord jadian continue kissing her ? 
 his fists clenched . 
 kissing my daniela . 
 when he punched the wall , he broke every bone in his hand , the protected stone mocking even his immortal strength . 
 murdoch turned in time to see nikolai and sebastian share a glance . 
 they had to know that he 'd been blooded - even conrad had heard murdoch 's heart beating - but they 'd said nothing over the last several months . 
 probably because of all the secrets they 'd been keeping , as well . 
 `` what the hell is going on with you ? '' 
 sebastian said . 
 murdoch knew he must be shocking them . 
 for so long he 'd been carefree . 
 `` do n't want to be here , '' he muttered . 
 the need to talk to his brothers pressed on him , but he volunteered nothing , keeping at least one vow to daniela . 
 only now did he understand why she 'd been so secretive about them . 
 i would n't have bet on a future with me either . 
 definitely would n't have advertised it . 
 when dawn came , his brothers slept , but murdoch dreaded dreaming about her , stealing more of her memories . 
 hour after hour , he paced , feeling a madness creeping over him . 
 the bars were keeping him from her . 
 silently , he strained against them . 
 want to be with her . 
 he could n't budge them . 
 eventually , exhaustion ruled and he passed out , unwillingly slipping into dreams . 
 this time , he saw the reflection of a young girl - he knew it was daniela - gazing back at him from a mirror . 
 a striking woman with the same unusual coloring as daniela was behind her , fitting a crown atop her head . 
 her mother ? 
 they spoke to each other in a language that sounded similar to icelandic , but he understood it ... `` you already know the way , '' the mother said . 
 `` you just have n't remembered it yet . '' 
 then came a more recent memory : daniela staring at her ice carvings , wondering , are these clues how to get to icergard ... ? 
 murdoch woke in a rush , shooting up from his cot in the middle of the day . 
 `` it 's so bloody hot in here ! '' 
 he yanked off his jacket in irritation . 
 when nikolai rose to stoke the fire , murdoch grated , `` no , no fire ! 
 put it out . '' 
 he imagined frost . 
 blood served cold . 
 for once , he craved being back amid the ice at the lodge . 
 sebastian was awake as well and frowned at him . 
 `` it 's actually cool . '' 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 he snapped , unable to contain his aggravation . 
 then he stilled . 
 were his breaths ... smoking ? 
 he traced to the suite 's bathroom , gazing in the mirror . 
 his breaths did n't fog the glass . 
 as daniela 's did n't . 
 blue tinged his lips and under his eyes . 
 my god . 
 the reason he 'd felt so hot - her blood was running through his veins . 
 nikolai had told him that myst 's blood made him even stronger . 
 sebastian had said the same about drinking kaderin 's . 
 why could n't daniela 's make murdoch more like her ? 
 he gave a shout of laughter . 
 i 've found a way to touch her ! 
 then his heart sank . 
 just when i 've lost her . 
 he was trapped by his own king , by his loyalty to his brother ... another day dragged by , then two . 
 as their imprisonment wore on , murdoch began returning to his normal temperature , which maddened him even more . 
 he could n't lose this coldness - otherwise he 'd have to hurt her again . 
 if he was ever freed from this bloody cell . 
 and if she 'd ever let him drink her . 
 `` nikolai ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 murdoch shot awake , his gaze darting . 
 he could have sworn he 'd heard conrad - in oblak - yelling for nikolai . 
 but all was quiet , his brothers still sleeping . 
 he must 've dreamed it . 
 strange , he usually dreamed of nothing but daniela . 
 with a weary exhalation , he rose . 
 more than two weeks gone . 
 the brothers and their king were locked in a stalemate . 
 would they stay here indefinitely ? 
 as he did every night , murdoch tried and failed to drink enough to sustain his weight . 
 then he prowled from one wall to the next , deciphering more scenes from daniela 's life that he 'd witnessed in sleep . 
 her memories were becoming clearer to him . 
 when he dreamed , he felt how lonely she 'd been , how she 'd tried not to nurse hope over murdoch . 
 once a rogue , always a rogue . 
 he 'd done so little to set her mind at ease , had done nothing to make sure she understood her loneliness was over . 
 i never told her i 'm in love with her . 
 instead , he 'd voiced his doubts . 
 during one miserable day , he 'd seen her memory of that night with jadian and had learned her thoughts as she 'd kissed the iceren . 
 she 'd been thinking about murdoch . 
 danii had chosen him over a male who could touch her , a nobleman of her own kind who could kiss her . 
 she had n't been thinking about bailing on murdoch at all . 
 at least not before he 'd hurt her , attacked her . 
 this situation was intolerable . 
 to be kept from daniela now ? 
 murdoch wanted her so much , he 'd once actually considered betraying his brother - `` nikolai ! '' 
 the word boomed down the castle corridor , echoing . 
 nikolai and sebastian shot awake . 
 dear god . 
 `` was that ... ? '' 
 `` conrad , '' nikolai said . 
 `` he 's here . '' 
 maybe i 'm not home . 
 danii sat upon her throne , among her own kind in a paradise of ice , and she was ... bored . 
 days ago , she 'd been crowned with much fanfare . 
 the icere had prepared banquets , carved sculptures in her honor , and played music . 
 plus , they 'd declared a snow day at the castle - literally , it had fallen from the ceilings . 
 and since the festivities ? 
 jadian was a constant bodyguard , always nearby , always solemn . 
 most of the fey she 'd met could be described as `` serious . '' 
 she 'd figured this was an aftereffect of having an evil dictator ruling them for so long - but had learned this was just their nature . 
 here , there were no practical jokes , no sisters bent on thieving her clothing . 
 no gorgeous vampires to tackle into the snow . 
 time seemed to be moving as slowly as the glaciers surrounding them . 
 she wondered if it was possible to expire from boredom . 
 the study begins ... now . 
 to make matters worse , she missed murdoch like an ache . 
 every day , she dwelled on what she could have done differently . 
 perhaps i should n't have kissed another man ? 
 just a thought . 
 but that indiscretion had n't mattered . 
 she and murdoch had already been finished . 
 danii had thought they would be together forever , but he had n't agreed , had n't believed that they were worth the fight - with a sudden flush of guilt , she recognized that maybe she had n't truly committed either . 
 had n't she herself given them a one-in-fifty shot ? 
 she 'd been betting against them from the beginning , might as well have gone and signed loa 's book ... across the throne room , jadian turned to her with his brows raised . 
 since she 'd arrived , she had n't seen him smile once . 
 there 'd been no more flirting from him . 
 she 'd concluded that he was devoted to his people , had probably only kissed her to sway her to come to icergard . 
 his name of jadian the cold was well earned . 
 thinking back over his fight with murdoch , she recalled that jadian 's pulse had never gotten elevated . 
 he 'd been indignant , ready to die for his queen . 
 but he had n't been ready to lose his temper for her . 
 aside from being unemotional , he had a reputation for cold-blooded ruthlessness . 
 her ladies-in-waiting had told her how he 'd blamed the death of his wife on sigmund , conspiring relentlessly for years , only waiting for daniela to be located before striking . 
 they 'd also spoken of sordid rumors that jadian had once kept a seductive fire demoness as his prisoner hidden in the dungeon ... he crossed to danii then . 
 `` you are unhappy here . '' 
 it was n't a question , but he did sound disbelieving . 
 `` i. . . 
 it 's been a big change . '' 
 `` you 'll grow accustomed . '' 
 he was no-nonsense and logical to the point that most valkyrie would deem him a buzz kill . 
 but he was beloved by the orderly people here . 
 `` jadian , i was recalling our kiss . '' 
 he stiffened , as if he thought she 'd want to resume some dalliance with him . 
 `` what of it ? '' 
 `` you were n't thinking about me . '' 
 `` and you were imagining that i was a vampire , '' he said with the tiniest hint of irritation , adding , `` my queen . '' 
 busted . 
 it was too true . 
 though jadian was as sigh-worthy a male as she had ever seen , she still longed to run her fingers through dark hair . 
 she yearned to gaze up at gray eyes that turned black with lust . 
 `` was it just a play to get me to return with you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you needed to be here . '' 
 so their kiss had n't even been real . 
 now her curiosity redoubled . 
 what would a real one be like - `` and you need to accept that this is where you belong , '' he said . 
 yes , no longer was she living in the sweltering heat of louisiana , surrounded by people she could n't touch . 
 no longer was she in a relationship that was doomed by her very nature . 
 here , the broken doll was all fixed . 
 and i 'm miserable . 
 chapter 37 `` nikolai ! '' 
 stoic nikolai looked flabbergasted . 
 then he shot to his feet , tracing to the cell door . 
 `` conrad ? '' 
 he called back . 
 `` he 's come here ? '' 
 sebastian bit out . 
 `` how did he get free from those manacles ? '' 
 murdoch cursed under his breath . 
 `` kristoff will take his head . '' 
 `` if his guards do n't , '' nikolai said . 
 conrad appeared outside their cell . 
 through the bars , they stared in bewilderment . 
 conrad had blood and mud splattered across his beaten face and matted in his hair . 
 his red eyes glowed with menace . 
 gaping wounds covered him . 
 `` what in the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 nikolai demanded . 
 `` and whose blood is that ? '' 
 conrad studied the cell bars . 
 `` i do n't have time for questions . '' 
 `` you have to leave ! '' 
 murdoch said . 
 `` they 'll execute you if they capture you . '' 
 he gave a rough laugh , clamping hold of the bars . 
 `` defy them to do either . '' 
 gritting his teeth , he strained against them . 
 `` those are as protected as your chains were , '' sebastian said . 
 `` the wood , the metal , and the stone surrounding them are all reinforced . 
 you ca n't possibly - '' conrad wrenched them wide , breaking the metal . 
 `` my god , '' nikolai murmured . 
 conrad had gotten stronger ? 
 `` need your help to find my bride ! '' 
 in a frenzy , conrad yanked the wreckage free . 
 `` i 'm not mad ... but i need you to trace me to every cemetery in new orleans . 
 do you know where they are ? '' 
 nikolai gaped . 
 `` your ... bride ? '' 
 `` his heart beats , '' murdoch said . 
 `` do you know where they are or not ? '' 
 conrad bellowed . 
 nikolai nodded slowly . 
 `` i know all the cemeteries . 
 myst and i hunt ghouls there . '' 
 `` will you do this ? '' 
 `` conrad , just calm - '' `` fuck calm , nikolai ! '' 
 `` so this is conrad wroth , '' kristoff said from behind him , surrounded by his personal guards . 
 without turning , conrad sneered , `` the bloody russian . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 kristoff seemed amused by this . 
 `` i 'd known the wroths were genetically incapable of fawning to a king , but a modicum of respect ... '' his demeanor was self-satisfied , almost like he 'd planned this all along . 
 conrad faced the natural-born vampire . 
 `` you 've taken out my entire castle guard , '' kristoff said in a casual tone . 
 `` something a horde battalion could n't do . 
 my informants did n't tell me you were this strong . '' 
 his pale eyes were expressionless , yet murdoch knew he was calculating . 
 `` but then , you 've been blooded . '' 
 `` i do n't have time for this ! '' 
 conrad snapped . 
 `` i 'll kill you just to keep you from speaking . '' 
 the guards tensed , hands at their sword hilts . 
 `` kill me ? 
 you would n't know your bride if not for me , if not for your brothers . 
 you 'd have been dead three hundred years ago . '' 
 `` i 've put that together ! '' 
 to nikolai , kristoff said , `` he took out the guards without killing a single one - almost as if he was making a point . 
 you were right . 
 conrad is n't lost . '' 
 he cast conrad a quizzical glance . 
 `` he 's ... quite a few things , but he 's not irredeemable . 
 and i can concede when i have made a mistake . 
 though you should have come to me instead of willfully breaking our laws . '' 
 nikolai exhaled . 
 `` i could n't take the risk that you would say no . 
 he 's my brother , '' he said simply . 
 kristoff turned back to conrad . 
 `` swear fealty to me , and all of you leave today as allies . 
 otherwise we fight . '' 
 conrad gritted his teeth , eyes darting , but eventually he grated , `` i 'll vow ... that i 'll never engage you or your army . '' 
 after an appraising look , kristoff said , `` it will do . 
 for now . '' 
 to the other three brothers , he added , `` take a week off . 
 and do get your brides to cease plotting my downfall . '' 
 when the king and his men disappeared , nikolai said , `` conrad , you must tell me what 's happened for me to help you . 
 who is your bride ? '' 
 conrad hastily said , `` neomi , this beautiful little dancer . 
 love her . 
 so much it pains me . 
 have to find her . '' 
 we 're free . 
 i can go to daniela at last , murdoch thought , barely hearing what conrad told them , something about cemeteries and resurrections - needing to listen for his bride 's heartbeats ? 
 sebastian said , `` the ghost thing again , '' just as murdoch muttered , `` con 's thoroughly lost it . '' 
 conrad snapped his fangs at them , his red eyes glowing . 
 `` this happened ! '' 
 `` i do n't know what outcome i 'm hoping for , '' sebastian began . 
 `` either conrad 's irretrievably mad , or his bride is a spirit from beyond whose corpse is lost . 
 this seems like a lose-lose . '' 
 `` he always did things differently , '' murdoch said absently , scarcely believing the fact that conrad had gotten loose - and been blooded - and that murdoch and his other brothers were freed . 
 all was right with kristoff . 
 i can possibly win daniela . 
 and keep her . 
 but first he had to find her . 
 murdoch dared a slap on conrad 's back , saying , `` i would like to stay , but i have an emergency that 's weeks overdue . 
 good luck , con . '' 
 with that , he traced from the castle . 
 he could think of only one person who 'd know how to reach daniela . 
 in the past , he 'd gone by val hall to see where she had lived for the last seventy years - it was a haunting place protected by flying , spectral wraiths . 
 now murdoch returned there , ready to do battle with them in order to see nix the ever-knowing . 
 the soothsayer had been helping everyone else . 
 why not me ? 
 chapter 38 `` because you bit her , '' nix told him before he 'd spoken a word . 
 while he 'd been wasting precious time determining how to evade the cloud of wraiths and storm val hall , they 'd suddenly parted for nix as she 'd casually strolled from the manor . 
 `` that 's why i wo n't tell you where it is , '' she continued . 
 she was chewing gum and wore a pink t-shirt that read : jedi kitty . 
 taken aback , he said , `` nix , i 'm murdoch wroth . 
 you 've been working with my brother nikolai , and i need - '' `` i know who you are . 
 and what you 've done to poor daniela . 
 you 've driven her straight into the arms of that hot-on-a-stick jadian . '' 
 no , daniela was n't lost yet . 
 she could n't be . 
 `` tell me how to get to her . '' 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 the soothsayer asked in a mulish tone . 
 `` i like her with jadian . 
 he does n't , oh , burn her cold skin as he drains her blood . '' 
 murdoch flushed . 
 `` maybe you should do the selfless thing and let her go , '' nix said . 
 `` what if she can be happier there ? '' 
 `` maybe i should give her all the information she does n't have yet , information she 'll need to make this decision . '' 
 `` what does n't she know ? '' 
 `` that i 'm in love with her , and i 'm willing to do whatever it takes to be with her . '' 
 his father 's words arose in his mind : son , you 've never cared about anything enough to fight for it - or to fear losing it . 
 though this might have been true then , now murdoch was making up for three centuries of not caring . 
 `` i never told her these things . '' 
 murdoch closed in on nix . 
 `` valkyrie , i wo n't rest until i get the chance to . '' 
 she cast him an appraising glance , squinting as if he were a book she was trying to read in dim light . 
 he ran his palm over his face . 
 `` look , i know you helped the lykae bowen several times . 
 you 've even assisted nikolai . 
 but you wo n't help me ? 
 why , damn it ? '' 
 she blinked up at him . 
 `` because i play favorites ? '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` tell me anything . 
 anything at all . '' 
 `` anything ? 
 okay - a lot of people have some serious money on the fact that you 're a cad . '' 
 `` no longer , '' he bit out . 
 `` ca n't you see the future and know that i 'm going to be good to her ? '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 after long moments , she said , `` huh . 
 you remain eternally faithful to her . 
 i did not see that one coming . '' 
 irritation flared . 
 like he needed her to tell him that . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i still wo n't help you find her . 
 even if i was moved to deus ex your machina , i refuse to portend for every tom , murdoch , and harry . 
 it cheapens the experience , and before long i 'll have a reputation as a sooth-whore . '' 
 she fogged her claws , then buffed them on her t-shirt . 
 `` besides , you already know how to reach daniela . '' 
 `` how ? 
 tell me ! '' 
 from the memories ? 
 the moment began to feel surreal , as if all of his life had been leading up to this . 
 the world seemed to spin . 
 he pictured daniela carving tirelessly ; he strained his memory to see precisely what she 'd wrought - `` fine , i will divulge one thing ... '' nix said . 
 `` danii 's going to make jadian her king . 
 if she has n't already . '' 
 ah , christ , no . 
 with that prediction , nix traipsed back past the wraiths - handing them a lock of hair ? 
 - leaving him with a knot of dread in his chest . 
 what if daniela had married jadian ? 
 murdoch 's fangs sharpened . 
 then she 'll become a widow . 
 he traced back to siberia to gear up at the lodge , dragging a backpack from a closet . 
 when he turned around , nikolai and myst appeared in the room . 
 `` so this is where you 've been hiding out , '' nikolai said . 
 then he frowned . 
 `` the last place i would 've looked for you . 
 literally , the last of your properties we 've tried over the months . 
 siberia , murdoch ? 
 there 's only one way it could make sense to live here . '' 
 murdoch punched clothes and cold-weather gear into the pack . 
 `` i do n't have time for this . '' 
 `` make time , '' myst said . 
 `` we know you 're with danii . '' 
 `` i 'm not with her . 
 that 's the goddamned problem . '' 
 whatever myst saw in his expression made hers soften . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 she asked more gently . 
 `` to go to icergard ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` to bring her back ? '' 
 he said nothing , just continued to pack . 
 her eyes went wide . 
 `` to live there ? 
 you wo n't survive it . 
 the icere lands make siberia feel balmy . '' 
 nikolai added , `` it 's dark now , but what will you do in the summer ? 
 at that latitude , it will be light twenty-four hours a day . '' 
 `` i 'll stay inside . 
 in a coffin , if i have to . '' 
 `` and kristoff ? '' 
 nikolai asked . 
 `` you swore your fealty . 
 and now that we 're finally working on an alliance with the valkyrie , you plan to desert the army ? 
 he 'll be forced to kill you for that , especially on the heels of our last transgression . '' 
 `` i know this ! 
 god , i know . '' 
 `` you wo n't be able to see your family any longer . '' 
 nikolai moved in front of him . 
 `` speaking of which , i know you 're too preoccupied to ask , but conrad is fine . 
 i just left him . 
 he was telling the truth about his bride , neomi . 
 she 's a comely little dancer who - if you can imagine this - adores him and calms him . '' 
 murdoch slowed . 
 `` i am glad for that . '' 
 `` how are you even going to get to this icergard ? '' 
 nikolai said . 
 `` it 's late fall in the arctic . 
 the temps could already be forty below . 
 damn it , murdoch , think about that . 
 if you spit , it will freeze before it hits the ground . '' 
 `` no planes can fly there , '' myst said . 
 `` not even lore planes . '' 
 he fastened up his pack . 
 `` i 'll get as far north as i can , then trace the rest of the way . '' 
 `` you can only trace as far as you can see , '' nikolai said . 
 `` you better hope the visibility is good . '' 
 `` we 'll call kaderin , '' myst offered . 
 `` she 'll be able to help with the logistics . 
 she knows how to get to places better than anyone . '' 
 murdoch shook his head . 
 `` i do n't have time . 
 and i think i know a way . '' 
 daniela had been missing one cryomancy symbol , the one murdoch had shattered . 
 he would use her memories to recreate it . 
 because he 'd dreamed her meeting with jadian and had heard their conversation , murdoch was aware that her last symbol was n't correct . 
 he knew if he copied daniela 's work , the portal would open two hundred miles south of icergard . 
 he also knew that jadian doubted even daniela could survive that cold wasteland - the white death . 
 murdoch shook his head hard , resolve like steel inside him . 
 so he would have to trace a couple hundred miles north - quickly . 
 how bad can it be ? 
 murdoch had never comprehended what cold was . 
 an arctic blizzard raged around him , howling so loudly it pained his ears . 
 the visibility was maybe two feet , which meant he could trace no farther than that at a time . 
 his muscles were weakening , flagging more with each brutal minute . 
 he 'd been forced to ditch his gear miles back . 
 hour after hour dragged by ... i 've gotten turned around somehow . 
 his compass did n't work . 
 there was no way to see the stars in this never-ending storm . 
 so confused . 
 if he stopped , he would freeze here . 
 but it would n't kill him . 
 he 'd live on , frozen and trapped , until someone dragged him to a warm place to thaw . 
 yet even that horrific fate was n't enough to keep him moving . 
 no , it was n't until he thought about never seeing daniela again that he gritted his teeth and pushed on . 
 envisioning her elven face kept him going - were there lights ahead in the distance ? 
 imagining it ? 
 struggling to make out the hazy sight , he pulled aside his face guard , taking off a frozen layer of skin with it . 
 he staggered , feeling like acid had just doused his face . 
 ignore the pain . 
 how far was it to those lights ? 
 he teleported forward , but got no closer , forced back by some kind of invisible barrier . 
 he tried once more . 
 nothing . 
 he fought to get there , grappling to reach the lights , to reach her . 
 toiling ... over and over . 
 ultimately , his strength ebbed to nothing , and he collapsed to his knees in the snow . 
 a vicious gust roared over him , laying him out . 
 with his last ounce of will , he stretched a hand forward . 
 `` daniela ... '' chapter 39 danii sat on her throne , thinking about witches - and abdication . 
 i could meet with mariketa the awaited , bring her a bucketful of softball-size diamonds , and ask her to put me on her list . 
 even if murdoch was n't keen on waiting fifty years , reserving a spot could n't hurt . 
 and danii could return to val hall , now that she could live in new orleans safe from assassins . 
 she 'd add some serious tonnage to her a/c and really get some cold cranking . 
 maybe she could be happy there . 
 it would be even harder staying in louisiana so fresh from the cold . 
 but fall had arrived there , at least . 
 was she an idiot even to contemplate relinquishing her throne - and her new life , tucked away amid the freezing security of icergard ? 
 could she truly leave behind an ice world where she lived among her own kind , to seek a vampire she could never touch ? 
 over and over , danii recalled the look in his eyes when he 'd yelled for her to come back that night . 
 yes . 
 she would try once more to convince him that they could - `` my queen , '' one of her ladies-in-waiting said as she hastened into the throne room . 
 `` come quickly . 
 there 's a stranger in icergard . 
 he crossed the white death ... '' when murdoch woke , he lay in a bed in a bizarre room of ice . 
 though it was lighter and quieter here out of the wind , the temperature was n't warmer . 
 he was wearing new pants and a coat of sorts that kept him from freezing . 
 someone had cleaned him and bandaged his frostbitten hands . 
 he must be within icergard . 
 which meant she was near . 
 have to get to her . 
 he labored to rise - jadian strode into the room . 
 `` so , it is you . 
 why have you come to our realm ? '' 
 his expression betrayed no surprise , no emotion whatsoever . 
 this is the bastard who knows what it 's like to kiss daniela . 
 and i ca n't kill him . 
 yet . 
 murdoch managed a sitting position . 
 `` i seek daniela . '' 
 his words were hoarse , his body still exhausted . 
 jadian crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` why would i ever let one such as you near her ? '' 
 `` i just need to speak to her . 
 and then , if she still does n't want to see me , i 'll never bother her again . '' 
 what a lie - daniela entered . 
 and murdoch sucked in a breath . 
 she was more stunning than he 'd ever seen her , her body bedecked in diamonds . 
 her hair was wild beneath a band of ice and jewels - the crown from daniela 's memories , her mother 's . 
 to see her again . 
 these mere days had felt like eternity . 
 she looked dazed to find him here . 
 surely she had to know he 'd come for her . 
 he could n't read her expression . 
 was she not pleased at all to see him ? 
 then his heart sank as comprehension took hold . 
 i 'm too late . 
 oh , gods , murdoch was here . 
 he was wild-eyed , with his lips and hands frostbitten and his face abraded . 
 he 'd crossed the white death ? 
 to come for me . 
 jadian was eerily calm . 
 `` i say we throw him back out and let the cold take him . '' 
 pointedly ignoring that , she said , `` murdoch , how did you get here ? '' 
 `` i followed your memories . 
 but the portal was ... off . '' 
 `` my memories , '' she repeated softly . 
 he had taken them from her blood . 
 `` why have you come ? '' 
 `` can i talk to you ? 
 alone . 
 please , daniela , just a few minutes of your time . '' 
 `` my queen , this is ridiculous , '' jadian said . 
 `` remember what he did to you last time ? '' 
 murdoch cast him a killing look , then turned back to her . 
 `` i have an idea - there 's a way we might be together . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` when i drank from you before - '' `` why bring that up to me ? '' 
 her hand flittered to her neck at the reminder . 
 `` because now i know why it was so irresistible to me . '' 
 jadian said , `` because you 're a parasite . '' 
 `` jadian ! '' 
 `` he plans to bite you again . '' 
 `` of course he does n't . 
 murdoch , tell him . '' 
 `` daniela , speak with me alone . '' 
 somehow he managed to make it to his feet . 
 `` i swear i wo n't do anything to you that you do n't agree to . '' 
 his words piqued her curiosity . 
 he had n't promised not to hurt her , not to bite her , yet she felt no threat from him . 
 `` very well , '' she said , turning to jadian with raised brows . 
 after a hesitation , he turned for the door , stonily silent . 
 as soon as they were alone , murdoch demanded , `` are you marrying him ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 `` nix told me you were . '' 
 `` she must be confused then , or you misheard her . 
 now , tell me . 
 what were you talking about ? '' 
 `` daniela , before i took your neck , i 'd dreamed of doing it . 
 more and more as we grew apart . 
 every night . 
 now i believe it 's the way for us to be together . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` with your blood in my veins , everything felt warm to me . 
 my brothers were chilled , but i could n't stand to be near the fire . 
 your blood made me cold . '' 
 `` that ca n't be right . 
 i ca n't turn you into an iceren . '' 
 `` no , but i can pick up characteristics of your kind , '' murdoch said . 
 `` do you have the skin markings , then ? 
 are you unaffected by the sun ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` there was a blue tinge under my eyes , but not the body markings . 
 when i tested my skin in the sun , i still burned , even when i was immune to the cold . '' 
 `` immune ? 
 then why are you freezing right now ? 
 how did you get frostbitten ? '' 
 he ran his bandaged hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` the effect only lasted a couple of days . '' 
 `` so for this to work , i 'd have to repeat that pain ? '' 
 `` one last time . 
 after that , as long as i drank every day or two , i 'd never hurt you again . 
 we could be together . '' 
 his voice went lower , and his eyes flickered black . 
 `` in all ways . '' 
 her mind was whirring . 
 yet then she recalled what had happened after the last bite . 
 `` but i-i went unconscious . '' 
 looking shamefaced , he said , `` i took too much . 
 i would n't this time . 
 i know i do n't deserve your trust , but i 'm asking for it anyway . '' 
 `` why should i do this ? '' 
 `` because i 'm in love with you , '' he said - without a hint of hesitation . 
 her lips parted and the world seemed to shift under her feet . 
 after what he 'd done to reach her , she had to believe he did . 
 but to hear him say the words , with his eyes so intense and dark ... maybe the vampire did always come through in the end . 
 `` and i think you love me , too . '' 
 hope tinged his words . 
 she turned away , breaking his searching gaze . 
 `` maybe that does n't matter , '' she said over her shoulder . 
 `` maybe we 're only fated to make each other miserable . 
 you forget we 'd fought before all this happened . 
 you 'd given up on us . '' 
 `` no , just before i returned that night , i realized that fifty years was nothing if we could be together . 
 i 'd come back to tell you that . 
 but then i saw you kissing jadian ... '' she faced him once more . 
 `` i 'm sorry for that . '' 
 `` it does n't matter now , '' he said , but she could tell that she 'd hurt him . 
 `` when i was in jail - '' `` jail ? '' 
 `` that 's why i was n't here sooner - kristoff imprisoned us at mount oblak for harboring conrad . 
 it 's all worked out now , but we spent weeks inside . 
 and while i was there , i determined that i would do anything to be with you . 
 desert my order . 
 live here in the cold in twenty-four hours of daylight . '' 
 `` murdoch , that 's not the point . 
 you 're talking about biting me again , about more pain . 
 and not just mine . 
 i 'm colder than i 've ever been . 
 it would hurt you too , '' she said , then added , `` if this did work , you might be vulnerable to thermal shock , like me . '' 
 `` i do n't give a damn about that ! '' 
 he crossed to her until they were toe to toe . 
 `` please , danii , i know i 'm asking for a lot more than i deserve , but if you can endure this one last time ... just give me your trust . '' 
 had n't she said she 'd give anything to know his taste ? 
 to touch her lips to his ? 
 before , even amidst the agony of his bite , she 'd felt a connection to him . 
 i will trust him . 
 fantasy finally made reality . 
 and reality sometimes took sacrifice . 
 daniela bowed her head , then gazed up at him from under her lashes . 
 and again , he was undone . 
 `` i do trust you . '' 
 she pulled her hair to the side , baring the pale column of her neck to him , inviting him . 
 `` you wo n't regret this . '' 
 but even as his fangs sharpened for her flesh , he hesitated . 
 `` i dread hurting you . 
 when i think about how i took you last time ... '' `` i 'm afraid i 'll try to break away , '' she admitted . 
 `` or that you will - from the cold . '' 
 each would want to recoil . 
 they 'd have to force each other to hold on . 
 `` hang on to me , kallim , because i 'll be holding you tight . 
 we do this now , and then we have forever . '' 
 she inhaled a steadying breath . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 what would you do for her ... ? 
 the scent of the supple skin he was about to taste proved too much temptation . 
 he could n't resist . 
 he laid his bandaged palms on her h * ps and drew her closer . 
 her hands rose to clasp his shoulders . 
 `` do it , '' she whispered . 
 in a flash , he sank his fangs into her . 
 this time he groaned - in pain . 
 she was even icier than before . 
 stabbing cold shot through him . 
 the urge to release her screamed in him , but he held on , squeezing her hips . 
 he felt her little blue claws digging into him as well . 
 yet with each of his draws , the pain lessened . 
 at the remembered sense of connection , his eyes slid closed in bliss . 
 mine . 
 forever . 
 thoughts were a jumbled knot . 
 slow ... slow ... do n't take too much this time . 
 this is a gift ... chapter 40 by the time murdoch released her , they were both out of breath . 
 and danii was crying . 
 `` christ , i tried not to take too much - '' `` y-you did n't . '' 
 but it had still been excruciating . 
 he winced at her neck . 
 `` you 're burned . '' 
 `` it 'll regenerate quickly with the cold . 
 did you even drink enough ? '' 
 she asked , struggling to disguise how much pain she 'd felt . 
 `` do you think this will work ? '' 
 `` the effect takes time . '' 
 `` you 're already better . '' 
 with her blood accelerating his regeneration , he began healing almost at once , his battered lips and face soon returning to normal . 
 he unwrapped the bandages from his hands as they mended and flexed his fingers . 
 but his breaths still fogged . 
 minutes passed , then half an hour . 
 she sank onto the bed , and he paced . 
 another hour had trudged by in anxious silence before he said , `` daniela , why did n't you tell me about the roman ? '' 
 `` you saw that ? '' 
 at murdoch 's nod , she said , `` he 's in my past . '' 
 `` you think of me as you do him . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , murdoch . 
 i was angry when i said that . 
 bewildered . '' 
 `` but it 's true that i took what did n't belong to me . '' 
 `` we both felt the pull . 
 i could have stopped you . 
 and i 've wondered again and again why i did n't . 
 now i think it was instinct telling both of us the way to be together . 
 if ... '' `` if this works ? 
 it will . '' 
 he ran his hand over his forehead . 
 `` damn it , if you were brave and strong enough to withstand this - twice - it 's got to work . '' 
 `` will you still want me if it does n't ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 reaching for her , he cupped her waist between his hands to tug her to her feet , then gazed down at her with fierce eyes . 
 `` look at me , daniela . 
 i 'm in love with you , '' he grated . 
 `` i want you always , no matter what ! '' 
 `` murdoch , i. . . 
 y-your breaths are n't visible . '' 
 was there the slightest blue tint under his eyes ? 
 he frowned . 
 `` the temperature does n't feel as cold in here . 
 it 's becoming comfortable . '' 
 `` could this truly be working ? '' 
 her hand trembled wildly as she reached up to his face . 
 `` careful , '' he warned . 
 `` maybe wait a little longer . '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have to know . '' 
 when she caressed his cheek , his eyes went heavy-lidded . 
 no pain . 
 with a strangled cry , she sagged against him . 
 `` daniela , are you hurt ? '' 
 `` i just ca n't believe this . '' 
 tears gathered and fell . 
 she could be with him - murdoch , the vampire she loved . 
 after two millennia , her constant yearning would end at last . 
 `` please do n't cry . '' 
 with an audible swallow , he tentatively laid his palms against her face , brushing his thumbs over her tears . 
 no pain . 
 for so long she 'd felt lacking , and the answer had been within her , within them , all along . 
 `` i 'm crying because i 'm happy . '' 
 she unbuttoned his jacket , pulling it off him to display the chest she 'd imagined stroking . 
 then she placed her hands on him , finding his skin was the perfect temperature . 
 no pain . 
 his muscles went rigid , tensing to her fingertips . 
 she gave one exploring sweep , then another , until she was rubbing her palms all over him in delight . 
 only pleasure . 
 he was still caressing her cheeks . 
 `` you 're so soft , daniela . 
 softer than i ever imagined - and i imagined constantly . '' 
 he tipped her face up . 
 `` i 've got to kiss you . '' 
 `` i 'm yours to kiss . 
 i 'm yours . '' 
 his voice a husky rasp , he said , `` you 're about to be . '' 
 he cast her a slow , possessive grin , flashing his fangs - no longer would she look at them with fear . 
 they 'd been the means to her and murdoch 's deliverance . 
 then he leaned down . 
 `` close your eyes . '' 
 she did . 
 after the space of a heartbeat , she felt the lightest brush of his firm lips to hers . 
 the barest contact sent tingles through her . 
 drawing her closer , pressing her body against him , he slanted his mouth over hers . 
 his kiss grew unyielding , intent , even as he gently coaxed her lips open so he could stroke a sensuous lick against her tongue . 
 when she moaned , meeting him , lapping softly , he wrapped his arms tightly around her , as if he could n't get close enough , as if he feared she 'd get away . 
 she clutched his shoulders in turn . 
 their tongues tangled . 
 their breaths mingled and grew hectic . 
 now this was a kiss - deep , frantic . 
 what she 'd long imagined . 
 hearts thudding , bodies shaking . 
 she whimpered against his mouth as her knees went weak . 
 but he held her steady and safe against his chest as he continued to plunder her mouth . 
 too soon , he broke away , leaving her dazed and panting . 
 `` i need to claim you . '' 
 he pulled her hair to the side and skimmed his lips across the now healed skin where he 'd bitten her . 
 she shivered violently , her ni ** les hardening in a rush . 
 `` i never want to be apart from you again , '' he murmured . 
 `` now i 'll be able to stay with you here . '' 
 oh , murdoch , no . 
 should she lie to him , act as if that could possibly happen ? 
 when he drew back to meet her eyes , she forced herself to smile , though she knew the icere would never accept him . 
 vampires were despised here . 
 she should just enjoy this miracle . 
 worry about what to do later . 
 `` what ? 
 something 's wrong . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 her hands dipped to his pants , untying the waist . 
 `` you 're not na ** d enough , '' she said , working them past his protruding erection . 
 when he stood unclothed before her , she gripped his gorgeous length . 
 he hissed in a breath ; she gasped . 
 she could perceive his shaft throbbing in her palm , could feel the texture of his smooth skin stretched taut over the veined ridges . 
 against her sensitive fingers , it grew ... so incredibly hard . 
 could she even take him ? 
 we 'll know soon enough . 
 while she explored , he slipped the thin straps of her gown from her shoulders . 
 gathering the material in his fists , he skimmed it down her body . 
 he paused just before he revealed her chest as if he wanted to prolong this moment . 
 at last , the silk inched past her erect ni ** les . 
 he stared at her br ** sts as if he 'd never seen them . 
 `` murdoch , please ... '' without warning , he gathered her in his arms , moving them to the bed so he could place her in his lap . 
 once he had her settled over his erection , he lifted a finger to circle her ni ** les - one , then the other , his gaze transfixed as the tips swelled to his touch . 
 with a desperate groan , he pressed his lips against one breast , palming the other . 
 when she felt his tongue snake out over her nipple , her head lolled . 
 again and again , he flicked the puckered bud . 
 `` do you want me to suckle you ? '' 
 `` yes , oh , yes ... '' she ran her fingers through his thick hair , cupping him to her . 
 he drew one of her ni ** les between his lips , sucking , licking , giving a harsh groan that vibrated into her breast . 
 `` oh , gods ! '' 
 lightning exploded outside . 
 he knew what the lightning meant and drew even harder . 
 once her nipple was stiff and wet , he moved to the other , delivering the same attention . 
 then he gazed at them as if in awe . 
 `` vampire , no more teasing ! '' 
 looking slightly dazed , he grinned . 
 `` my fire and ice bride . 
 never shy about what she wants . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` especially not when i 've wanted it this long . '' 
 chapter 41 though they 'd been together for months , murdoch was anxious with daniela , determined to make this perfect for her . 
 since she 'd waited more than twenty lifetimes for it . 
 and he 'd noticed that she had n't replied when he said he wanted to stay with her here . 
 maybe she still needed convincing ? 
 he was up to the task . 
 `` if you knew how good you taste . '' 
 he nuzzled her ear , dimly marveling that her body did n't feel cold - because his was as well . 
 `` i ca n't wait to taste all of you . '' 
 she inhaled sharply , shivering against him . 
 his hand trailed from her breast down to her spread thighs , quaking in anticipation of feeling her flesh for the first time . 
 reaching under her dress , he tugged her silk panties to her knees . 
 then returned his hand ... his palm met damp curls . 
 `` almighty , '' he rasped , as he cupped her slick sex . 
 gently , he slipped his forefinger between her folds and into her tight sheath , making her jerk in his arms . 
 `` easy , baby , '' he murmured . 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 `` oh , gods , murdoch ! '' 
 her curling claws bit into his shoulders , which only stoked his arousal , already nearing a fever pitch . 
 `` so perfect . 
 you feel so good . '' 
 needing to taste the wetness he was stroking , he withdrew his finger . 
 her lids went heavy as she watched him suck it between his lips , then shudder from how sweet she was . 
 `` i need more . '' 
 his voice broke low on the word . 
 laying her back on the bed , he removed her panties and dress completely . 
 when she was na ** d to his gaze , he stared at her , wanting to remember her like this forever . 
 she was a fantasy made flesh , her body arrayed with diamonds , her shining hair fanning out around her head . 
 her silver eyes glittered like the stones adorning her . 
 mine . 
 and i can touch every inch of her . 
 she was panting , her br ** sts quivering , the peaks pouting . 
 he knelt before her on the bed and nipped each tip with his teeth , giving them each a short , hard suck . 
 `` spread those pretty thighs for me . '' 
 as she did , he drew back to watch , exhaling a shaky breath . 
 it took all the discipline he 'd ever garnered to keep from falling upon her like an animal . 
 her flesh was lush with arousal , misted wet . 
 at the sight , his c ** k surged harder , hanging down between his legs like a steel rod . 
 the crown dragged against the sheet as he bent down to her sex , inch by inch . 
 whatever she saw in his expression made her murmur , `` oh . 
 murdoch . 
 p-please go slow . 
 at first . '' 
 `` trying to . 
 never wanted anything so bad in my life . '' 
 with the first brush of his lips against her thigh , she tensed in reaction , as if she 'd been burned . 
 `` daniela ? '' 
 `` no , no , keep going . '' 
 she threaded her fingers though his hair , surrendering to his kiss . 
 `` do you want more ? '' 
 `` yes , more , '' she bit out , her voice throaty . 
 good . 
 because i crave this - must have it . 
 she whimpered when he used his thumbs to part her damp flesh . 
 then , at last , he pressed his mouth to her . 
 the first flick of his tongue against her made her moan . 
 when she quivered for him , his c ** k jerked in answer , the head brushing the sheet . 
 how he 'd dreamed of this . 
 but nothing could have prepared him for her maddening taste , the softness of her folds yielding to his mouth , the tight bud of her clitoris swelling under his tongue . 
 the act was beyond imagining and felt as if something right and natural was shifting into place . 
 he was meant to bring her pleasure like this . 
 he spread her wide , fingering her as he licked and sucked , until she was wantonly rolling to his tongue . 
 no inhibitions . 
 her response had him rocking his shaft up and back , wetting the sheet with his pr ** um . 
 i 'm going to spend before i 'm even inside her . 
 but his eyes closed in bliss when she whispered , `` please , do n't stop ... '' `` never , '' he growled , setting upon her once more . 
 laying his hand over her flat belly , he pinned her in place , holding her fixed to his mouth as he suckled her clitoris between his lips . 
 `` murdoch ! '' 
 at once , she began coming in a wet rush , her head thrashing . 
 never releasing her , he watched as her back arched like a bow , her stiff ni ** les pointing to the ceiling . 
 he groaned against her even as he sucked . 
 he wrung every last ounce of pleasure from her , and was still unwilling to give up this prize . 
 stifling growls , he licked her clean until she had to grip his face and draw him away . 
 when he finally rose up on his knees , he hissed a curse at how luscious she looked - her pleasured sex slick from her orgasm , her eyes glinting with passion , her hair wild . 
 `` you 'll make me lose my mind , daniela . '' 
 my control as well ... about to take her virginity like a rutting beast . 
 `` would that be so bad ? '' 
 she purred . 
 have to be gentle with her . 
 he 'd had sex before , but now he wanted to make love to his woman . 
 was she ready for him ? 
 `` how do you feel right now ? '' 
 his voice was unrecognizable . 
 i can do this . 
 i can hold on . 
 just a little longer . 
 `` aching . 
 empty . 
 hungry . '' 
 he swallowed , and his voice broke low as he uttered , `` h-hungry ? '' 
 chapter 42 when danii licked her lips and pressed him back on the bed , his expression wavered between excited - and agonized . 
 and the seducer might even be nervous . 
 kneeling between his legs , her palms flat against his chest , she kissed down his torso , nuzzling the trail of crisp hair below his navel . 
 `` remember when i said i 'd do this at my leisure ? 
 for hours ? '' 
 when she took him in hand , he bucked as if helpless not to . 
 `` hours ? 
 this might be over before it starts . '' 
 his accent was thicker than she 'd ever heard it . 
 he was watching her as she gave her first seeking lick . 
 `` daniela ! 
 ah - '' another lick silenced him . 
 a third made him growl . 
 soon she was raining wet flicks over the slit , tasting him , just as he 'd described all those nights ago . 
 he was delicious , with a salty tang . 
 `` umm , i love your taste , '' she murmured in a delighted tone . 
 he cupped her head with shaking hands . 
 `` you want me to lose my mind for you ? 
 we 're on our way . '' 
 `` but murdoch , i need more of this . '' 
 unable to stop herself , she continued her wet kiss , closing her lips over him . 
 and while her mouth slid down his length , her fingers explored , hefting his sac , which seemed to madden him more . 
 `` ah , that 's it , danii ... '' sucking hard , she darted her tongue all around until she 'd built up a cold , freezing friction . 
 he groaned , `` you 're doing it so good , kallim . '' 
 digging his heels into the bed , he let his knees fall open . 
 `` i 'm close . 
 pull back . '' 
 she ran her cheek along his damp shaft . 
 `` let me make you come , '' she said before she took him back between her lips . 
 he seemed to be struggling to keep his h * ps still . 
 hoarse groans erupted from his chest . 
 `` daniela , going to come in your mouth ... if you do n't stop . '' 
 the big hands palming her head could n't seem to decide if they wanted to draw her away or press her down . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he tried to pull back , but her claws were sunk in his ass , so he could n't move without hurting her . 
 `` ah , baby , i ca n't hold on . '' 
 she could feel his shaft thickening , straining as he began to ejaculate against her tongue . 
 she 's done it - made me lose my f ** king mind . 
 `` daniela ! '' 
 he roared as he came into her hungry mouth . 
 his eyes rolled back in his head when she sucked him as if she were starved for him . 
 as if she 'd waited two thousand years just to swallow him down , over and over ... once she 'd drained him dry , they both lay back on the bed , gasping , as they had that first night together . 
 only now could he reach over and hold her hand . 
 recalling every wicked instant of what they 'd just done had him rebounding in a rush . 
 when he raised himself over her , daniela 's gaze dipped and her lips curled . 
 `` my man has talents . '' 
 but as he used his knees to spread her thighs , she tilted her head at him . 
 `` murdoch , are you nervous ? '' 
 `` i want this to be worth the wait . '' 
 `` it already has been . 
 anything else is a bonus . '' 
 `` i have n't done this for a while . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` actually , i 've never done this . '' 
 when she quirked a brow , he said , `` claimed my virgin female for all time . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she gave him that soft look from under her lashes , the one that made his heart twist in his chest . 
 `` when i make you mine tonight , i 'm never letting you go . '' 
 she gazed up at him with that exquisite elven face , mesmerizing him . 
 `` i never want you to . '' 
 he took himself in hand , positioning his c ** k at her slick entrance . 
 the crown met her wetness , beckoning him inside . 
 he wanted his shaft covered in it , wanted to stir himself in it . 
 as the head nudged inside , he stared down at her eyes . 
 `` ma armastan sind . '' 
 her eyes glinted at the words , and she whispered , `` i love you , too . '' 
 mounting her untried body , he inched inside , stretching her sheath . 
 `` do n't want to hurt you , '' he grated , fighting to go slow . 
 `` it 's not ... too bad . 
 just keep going . '' 
 she was clutching him to her , her curling claws holding him as if she 'd never let go . 
 `` you 're so tight . 
 like a fist squeezing me . '' 
 once he 'd seated his c ** k deep , he forced himself to go still , letting her grow accustomed . 
 with untold will , he waited until she began undulating under him . 
 only then did he draw his h * ps back , giving her a measured thrust . 
 the pleasure was so intense that his vision wavered . 
 `` murdoch , yes ! '' 
 another withdrawal , another pump of his h * ps that made her moan low . 
 once he began a rhythm , rocking between her thighs , he kissed her again , delving his tongue in time with his body . 
 the friction made it warmer , but it was still cold , and cold felt so damn good . 
 `` daniela , tell me that you 're mine . '' 
 `` i am yours ... '' already , he did n't know how much longer he could last with her ni ** les rubbing against his chest . 
 the drenched clench of her sex called for his seed , demanding ... `` i 'll never get enough of you , never , '' murdoch rasped with his brows drawn . 
 his expression made danii 's heart squeeze , even as his determined thrusts were sending her closer to orgasm . 
 his scent drove her wild ; his strength captivated her . 
 as his body worked hers , magnificent taut cords of muscle stood in relief . 
 the latent power of a male vampire . 
 she desired that power , savored the way he toiled under her claws . 
 his arms bulged as he held himself up to alternately buck his h * ps hard , then languidly stir them . 
 gods , the man knows how to move . 
 cupping her ass with his fingers splayed , he lifted her , wrenching her along his shaft . 
 `` murdoch ! '' 
 she cried , already on the verge again . 
 he worked her up and down , harder and harder until her teeth clattered with each landing . 
 she wrapped her legs tight around his waist , which seemed to spur him . 
 he went wild , possessively pinning her arms over her head , so that even more of their bodies could touch . 
 surging over her , he rode her sheath in a frenzy . 
 his face was an agonized mask , his body straining for her . 
 `` come , kallim . 
 let me feel you . '' 
 at that moment , she wanted to give him anything he desired . 
 she needed to surrender to him . 
 surrender everything to him . 
 `` take my blood , '' she managed to whisper . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` drink me . '' 
 `` ah , daniela , you do n't have to ask me twice ... '' he licked her neck , then sank his fangs into her . 
 as he pierced her , danii 's eyes went wide , and she gave a shocked cry - she 'd begun to come immediately . 
 he must have felt her , because he gave a frenzied growl . 
 `` murdoch ! 
 ah , yes ! '' 
 as her orgasm ripped through her , his shaft thickened even more , swelling until he could barely move inside her . 
 then he went motionless , snarling against her . 
 just when she felt the first lash of his se ** n , his h * ps began plunging like a piston , taking him to the very end . 
 as he drew her blood , he flooded her with seed . 
 she felt every pumping jet , prolonging her own ecstasy . 
 with a final groan , he released his fangs , collapsing atop her , his breaths cooling against her new mark . 
 with seeming great effort , he rolled off her , but only to enfold her in his arms . 
 she lay on his chest , skin to skin . 
 he clutched her to him , pressing a kiss into her hair . 
 `` that was worth my wait , vampire . '' 
 `` i 'm glad , valkyrie . 
 because i 'd have counted down eternity for that . '' 
 chapter 43 `` if i could kiss you , i do n't think i 'd ever stop , '' daniela had told him all those months ago . 
 now they could and she did n't stop - for hours , they lazily kissed and touched . 
 so this is utter contentment . 
 murdoch had never known it before . 
 for the first time , he experienced the luxury of her smooth legs entwined with his . 
 at last , he could trace all the cobalt markings on her skin that had always tantalized him . 
 they 'd discovered that the tips of her ears were ticklish - she 'd been unaware . 
 he reveled in her taste , her responsiveness , wanting to go to his knees in thanks for the bride he 'd been given . 
 he 'd been trailing kisses along her delicate collarbone when she sighed , `` now i understand why my sisters enjoyed being bitten so much . '' 
 `` you liked my bite , little bride ? 
 you 'll be able to endure it every other day ? '' 
 `` i 'll demand it every other hour . 
 and i 'll make sure you 're properly exerted , so you 'll be thirsty all the time . '' 
 just getting better and better . 
 `` that wo n't be a problem . '' 
 `` but murdoch , '' she began , her tone uneasy , `` about your living here ... '' he pulled back to meet her gaze , dread drumming in his chest . 
 `` they 'll never accept you , '' she said . 
 `` not after what happened to my mother . 
 they 'll reason that if sigmund could turn against his own queen , then a vampire surely could ... and they were punished by sigmund , every day . '' 
 `` daniela , you told me you were mine . 
 i warned you i 'd never let you go . 
 but i wo n't ask you to give up your crown . '' 
 she grew still . 
 `` you wo n't ? '' 
 `` no , but just as before , we 'll have to find a way to be together , because you ca n't ask me to give you up either . '' 
 she seemed pleased by his answer . 
 had she expected him to demand she relinquish her throne ? 
 the old , selfish murdoch would have . 
 he would have believed it was her honor to be with him . 
 now he knew it was the other way around . 
 `` explain to me exactly what nix told you , '' daniela said . 
 he scowled . 
 `` still planning on marrying jadian ? '' 
 `` murdoch ! '' 
 she play-punched his arm , then seemed to get briefly distracted by the feel of his skin . 
 `` now tell me . '' 
 so he did ... when he 'd finished , she said , `` you know , i did n't need a soothsayer to convince me that you 'd be true . '' 
 he gave a decisive nod . 
 `` my thoughts exactly . '' 
 `` and i have an idea , '' she said . 
 `` a way we could be together - and do only as we please . '' 
 `` no , no , '' murdoch grated . '' 
 not a chance . 
 i ca n't let you do this for me . 
 daniela , i saw your memories . 
 your mother wanted this for you . '' 
 danii shook her head firmly . 
 `` i think she 'd want me to be happy . 
 and this is the only way . 
 murdoch , if you saw my memories , did you not feel how long i 've waited to be happy ? 
 a lonely life of service will not be forthcoming from me . '' 
 `` i did feel it . 
 but do n't you even want to think about - '' `` i have been thinking about this , '' she said , meeting his gaze . 
 `` and it 's what i choose . '' 
 after long moments , he said , `` i 'm with you , daniela . 
 whatever you want , i 'll support you . '' 
 `` then let 's get some clothes on , because what i want is to get this settled as soon as possible . '' 
 once they 'd dressed , she called for jadian . 
 when he arrived , she wasted no time . 
 `` i 'm abdicating , and i want you to take over the throne . 
 i 'd like you to be king of the icere . '' 
 instead of jumping at the chance , jadian almost seemed put out and kept glancing at the door . 
 danii said , `` you do n't appear too happy about this . '' 
 `` i had ... other plans , once you got established here , '' jadian replied . 
 `` but i 'll do my duty , if this is your will . '' 
 jadian the buzz kill , all duty , no fun . 
 `` yes , it is . 
 but i have a few conditions . 
 i want to visit whenever i like , come around for holidays and such , once i get the cryomancy down . 
 and the icere must always ally with the valkyrie . '' 
 `` agreed . 
 but i have some conditions as well , '' jadian said . 
 `` if i die with no heir , you 'll resume the throne . 
 and you 'll take with you your mother 's crown . '' 
 `` but it belongs here - it belongs to your future queen . '' 
 `` i 'll never take a wife to wear it . '' 
 still waters run deep with the iceren ? 
 `` then i can agree to that . '' 
 jadian nodded to them , then strode to the door . 
 as he left , she thought she heard him mutter a curse , demonstrating the most emotion she 'd ever observed . 
 when they were alone , murdoch pulled her back into his lap . 
 `` i think jadian was a shade shocked at your offer . '' 
 `` well , nix did say that i would make him my king - so i did . '' 
 danii smiled brightly . 
 `` now it seems i 'm a woman of leisure . '' 
 murdoch nipped the tip of her ticklish ear , making her laugh . 
 `` good . 
 then you can take a day to marry me . '' 
 epilogue christmas eve blachmount manor the wroth family - four couples brought together by the accession , and in some cases by nix - had gathered to celebrate murdoch and daniela 's marriage , the holidays , and the renovation of blachmount . 
 myst and nikolai had completely restored the manor , and now it was lavishly decorated for the festivities . 
 while the brothers drank whiskey , the females gathered around an enormous table laden with food and drinks . 
 but myst and neomi were the only ones with plates . 
 myst eating ? 
 there went the valkyrie 's inherent birth control . 
 danii raised her brows , but myst only shrugged . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 nikolai 's big on family . 
 and i felt sorry for my poor biological clock , having to tick for millennia . '' 
 kaderin received a questioning glance as well , but she held up her hands . 
 `` do n't look at me . 
 i 've got shite to do and no pity for clocks ... '' when they convened by the fire to exchange gifts , naturally danii and murdoch took the chilly settee farthest away from the heat . 
 murdoch gazed around again , still seeming stunned by the changes . 
 `` it looks just like home used to . '' 
 nikolai took myst 's hand in his . 
 `` she wanted to keep it as close as possible to what i remembered , '' he said , looking like he was about to explode , he was so proud and satisfied . 
 all of the brothers gave that impression . 
 even conrad , with his flame-red eyes . 
 he was doing so well , seeming more of an eccentric than the madman danii had expected , but he did appear to occasionally get lost in memory . 
 whenever he did , his new wife , neomi , was there , gently tugging him back to the present . 
 danii had liked neomi immediately , though she was a bit puzzled about how the ballet dancer had gone from ghost to human to the more powerful phantom . 
 now neomi was telekinetic , with the ability to become incorporeal and vanish at will . 
 neomi was n't spilling the details - even though she was visibly tipsy , speaking in a mix of her native french and english . 
 `` merry noelle ! '' 
 the atmosphere was cozy and domestic , and danii relaxed , enjoying herself , savoring the time spent with her sisters and siblings-in-law . 
 murdoch drew danii even closer into the chill of his arms until she all but sat on his lap . 
 he rubbed his big , cold palm up and down her arm . 
 with his other hand , he held hers . 
 constant contact . 
 over the last few weeks , he 'd barely kept his hands off her . 
 she soaked up his affection as she would frost . 
 after jadian 's reluctant coronation , danii and murdoch had been married in a simple lore ceremony . 
 he 'd been catholic , and she was a pagan . 
 simple was best . 
 since then , danii had n't had time for fantasies anymore . 
 her husband had proved deliciously insatiable . 
 each sunset , he would ease into her , waking her that way , drawing just enough blood to keep him cold . 
 though she always wanted him to drink more . 
 he 'd taken the icy changes in himself in stride . 
 and if she 'd expected his brothers to be disappointed with this development , she would 've been wrong . 
 they 'd easily accepted murdoch 's decision . 
 with much fanfare , the family began exchanging gifts . 
 murdoch had bought her an extravagant case to hold svana 's crown - and an emerald comb to replace the one that neomi had admitted to stealing right out of his pocket at elancourt . 
 danii gifted him with her own creation : an intricately carved ring of ice for his forefinger , to wear as a type of cold monitor , until he got accustomed to his transformation . 
 they did n't know if he could overheat , and she never wanted to find out . 
 yet every present was upstaged by sebastian and kaderin 's gift to the family . 
 thrane 's key . 
 at the sight of it , danii stifled a shiver . 
 she 'd heard that the key did n't always do as one hoped , and it did n't always go back to the exact time one wished . 
 but murdoch had such hopes of being reunited with his family . 
 he 'd told her his father would be so proud to see that murdoch had given his heart completely . 
 she shook away her apprehension . 
 this family was so formidable , fate should yield to it . 
 `` we go back at the beginning of the new year ? '' 
 sebastian asked , wrapping his arm around kaderin 's shoulders . 
 danii curbed a smile when fierce kaderin melted against him , half-lidded with happiness , all but purring . 
 danii made a mental note to razz her about that later . 
 `` yes , it 's time , '' nikolai said . 
 `` we 've all gotten settled . '' 
 conrad 's red eyes grew blank , his fists balling as he went awash in a memory . 
 but neomi tenderly cupped the side of his face , tugging him back into the conversation . 
 `` neomi ? '' 
 he rasped in confusion . 
 she smiled lovingly , with infinite patience . 
 `` ecoute-le , mon coeur . '' 
 he gave her a nod , his red gaze filled with what could only be described as adoration . 
 `` are you ready to go back for your sisters ? '' 
 neomi asked him . 
 conrad faced the others with a decisive nod . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 `` are we all agreed about this ? '' 
 nikolai asked . 
 `` i am most concerned about how the girls will do . 
 they were so young , and they 'll be thrust into not only a completely different world of beings , but a completely different time . '' 
 kaderin said , `` my sisters are managing well - aside from the occasional slain toaster - and they were premedieval . '' 
 myst said , `` and look at how fabulous the girls ' aunts will be with them . 
 i can instruct them in high fashion , and neomi can teach them to dance . '' 
 `` bien sur . '' 
 neomi nodded . 
 `` and i can go invisible and follow them to school , watching over them . '' 
 kaderin said , `` i can teach them how to fight . '' 
 `` what can i teach them ? '' 
 daniela asked quietly . 
 myst answered , `` how to get exactly what they want when the odds are stacked against them . 
 oh , and how to reform rakes . '' 
 `` rake . 
 singular , '' murdoch grated with a possessive squeeze of her knee , making them laugh . 
 the talk turned to reminiscing , and though danii wanted to learn more about murdoch 's family , the fire was blazing . 
 the instant she even perceived being uncomfortable , murdoch seized her hand , leading her to the balcony . 
 he told the others , `` we 're going out for some cold air . '' 
 outside , she said , `` thank you . 
 it was getting warm . '' 
 he took her into his arms to give her some of his coolness , pressing her face into his chest . 
 `` for me , too , love . '' 
 `` does n't it bother you ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` not to be able to sit with them around the fire ? '' 
 she gazed back at the scene , the family laughing around a hearth , holiday decorations glittering in the firelight . 
 a hallmark card . 
 except that a phantom , valkyries , and vampires populated the portrait . 
 `` sitting around the fire , versus making love to my wife as soon as we can possibly ditch ? '' 
 cradling her face in his palms , he kissed her forehead , her lashes , the tip of her nose , and a corner of her lips . 
 `` danii , i 've never been more satisfied with my life , did n't know i could be . '' 
 between his light kisses , she felt snow beginning to fall . 
 she raised her face in delight , laughing softly . 
 when her gaze met his once more , his eyes had darkened to black . 
 `` i ca n't get enough of you , valkyrie . '' 
 her hands slipped up his chest to meet at his nape . 
 `` then kiss me , vampire . '' 
 and do n't ever stop ... 
