 chapter 1 midnight . 
 the witching hour , some say . 
 since it was 12:07 a.m. and i was standing over a dead body , i had to agree . 
 the victim , william h. steele , a thirty-six-year-old caucasian male , six feet four , approximately two hundred and thirty pounds , brown hair , brown eyes , lay na ** d across a bed of crisp winter leaves . 
 moonlight spilled in every direction , and withered foliage mockingly framed his muscular physique . 
 he bore no open wounds , no bruises . 
 in fact , not a single blemish marred the perfection of his skin . 
 he was only recently dead ; heat still radiated from him and curled into the icy night sky . 
 alien investigation and removal agents , also known as a.i.r. , were scouring the area , meticulously searching between every blade of brittle grass , every grain of dirt . 
 the faint murmurs of their chatter echoed in my ears . 
 i tuned them out and intensified my focus on the body . 
 the man 's legs were slightly spread and bent at the knees . 
 one of his hands rested behind his head , and the other was bound to his penis with a-what the hell was that ? 
 i crouched down . 
 eyes narrowed , i reached out with a gloved hand and slid one finger under the material . 
 a pale blue ribbon , tied in a perfect bow . 
 i scowled . 
 was he supposed to be a gift ? 
 yes . 
 yes , that 's exactly what he was , i realized , my scowl deepening . 
 frost gleamed in his hair like diamonds against dark velvet , yet he had n't been outside long enough to acquire the frost from nature . 
 he was a gift that had been posed to look carnal , seductive . 
 alluring . 
 to the average citizen , he would have appeared eager for a long night of sexual gratification . 
 to me , he just looked like the corpse that he was . 
 his eyes were fixed straight ahead , his lips slightly blue , and he was n't shivering from the cold . 
 a dead giveaway , if you will . 
 besides that , his testicles were as smooth and shiny as marble , not shriveled like i supposed every other man 's out here were . 
 with a wry shake of my head , i pushed to my feet . 
 perhaps my assessment was callous and indifferent ; perhaps my humor was misplaced . 
 dead bodies were the norm in my line of work , and i could n't allow myself to view this man as an actual person . 
 if i did , i 'd have to acknowledge that he once had hopes and dreams , thoughts and feelings . 
 i 'd cry for the family he left behind , wonder about the life that had once pulsed through his veins . 
 i could n't do that and still hope to function . 
 with tears came distraction , and with distraction came death . 
 my first year of fieldwork , i had spent more time crying for victims than hunting for their killers , and i had almost become a victim myself . 
 i glanced down at my wrist . 
 the inky blackness of my glove did n't quite meet the cuff of my jacket , leaving a small patch of skin visible . 
 that skin boasted a tattoo of the grim reaper 's scythe and was just one of my many reminders to remain unemotional . 
 i 'd gotten the tattoo after recovering from a nasty beating , courtesy of a pissed-off other-worlder . 
 while i 'd been lost in my grief for a victim i could n't even remember now , an energy-absorbing rycan attacked me from behind-and kicked major huntress ass . 
 i had vowed never to cry again . 
 and i had n't . 
 tears were a weakness only civilians could afford . 
 i am an alien huntress . 
 i am part of the a.i.r. team , working with or against the new chicago pd-whichever suits me at the time . 
 every night i stalk and kill other-worlders , and whether i 'm investigating a death or causing one myself , i have to shove sentiment aside , find humor where i can , and concentrate on the facts . 
 i love my job despite the blood and gore-or maybe because of it . 
 i love solving puzzles , fitting each piece of evidence together . 
 i love that one by one , i 'm ridding earth of our unwanted visitors . 
 yes , some aliens are peaceful and are allowed to live and work among us . 
 those , i leave alone . 
 but the others ? 
 the ra ** sts , the thieves , the killers ? 
 i despise them . 
 alien sympathizers often ask me if i , a hunter , a legalized killer , live with guilt . 
 my answer : hell , no . 
 why should i feel guilty for destroying a predator ? 
 i 'm proud of my work . 
 i 'm privileged to do what i do . 
 other-worlders who survive on human carnage deserve the sting of my pyre-gun . 
 a glacial blast of wind whirled past my shoulders , scattering a thin sheen of snow powder in every direction . 
 the hem of my long black leather jacket danced around my calves . 
 four inches of snow had been predicted , so i needed to work quickly . 
 twenty minutes ago , i 'd received a call from my boss , commander jack pagosa . 
 he 'd briefed me on the situation . 
 he 'd also informed me i had until morning to present him with a suspect , or i would spend the next year behind a desk . 
 william steele , a happily married father of one , had been abducted from his home four weeks prior . 
 his wife and newborn child slept peacefully throughout the entire ordeal , unharmed and unaware . 
 abductor 's point of entry : undetermined . 
 four other dark-haired , dark-eyed men disappeared soon afterward . 
 one had been taken from his workplace , and two had been snatched straight from a crowded street during their lunch hour . 
 oddly enough , there had been no witnesses and not a single shred of evidence left behind at any scene . 
 because of the enigmatic nature of each disappearance , aliens were the prime suspect . 
 just half an hour earlier , a hunter on patrol had found steele in this deserted southern district field . 
 thankfully , the hunter had preserved the scene until my team arrived . 
 the first thing i 'd noticed was that steele 's body showed no indication of torture , no sign of having been restrained . 
 second , i 'd realized his death had nothing to do with impulse or rage-just as i knew the murder had nothing to do with stupidity or amusement . 
 the scene was too precise , too perfectly planned . 
 mr. steele had been killed for a reason . 
 what ? 
 i could n't yet fathom . 
 i drew in a deep breath-and stilled . 
 slowly , i drew in three more breaths . 
 as i exhaled the last , i smiled . 
 since the first kidnapping , no one had dared guess which of the forty-eight alien species were responsible , but i had just narrowed it down to three . 
 the victim had been killed by poison . 
 onadyn , to be exact . 
 a deoxygenating drug used by the zi karas , arcadians , and mecs for survival on this planet . 
 they could n't breathe our air without it . 
 to oxygen-breathers , the substance was lethal . 
 worse , it was virtually undetectable . 
 virtually , but not completely . 
 a rare few could identify onadyn by its scent , a subtle fragrance similar to a dewy breeze during a summer storm . 
 i was one of the rare few , and i smelled it now . 
 the scent filled my nostrils , intoxicating and sweet , as lovely as it was deadly , and somehow suddenly more obvious to me than the scent of waste , rotting food , and charred leaves that made up so much of this domain . 
 my observation was n't as solid as a neon sign blinking over the killer 's head that read i did it in bold red letters , but it did point us in the right direction . 
 still , i wanted more . 
 i scanned the area to my right , paused , then scanned the area to my left . 
 except for the occasional twinkle from regulation halolights , the task force blended into the night . 
 i dragged my focus farther back , taking in the tall oaks that knifed the sky . 
 the trees were sparsely scattered , their branches naked , their bark weighed down by dripping ice . 
 situated between the trees were homes and businesses . 
 i use the term businesses loosely , of course . 
 nice people referred to this seedy , neglected district as whore 's corner . 
 i 'd once been fined for publicly saying what i called the place . 
 had any of the residents seen anything unusual ? 
 would they tell us if they had ? 
 i 'd already dispatched the most charming of my agents to question every citizen within a one-mile radius . 
 but this late at night , civilians tended to be cranky and distrustful . 
 besides that , the southern district was notorious for its hatred of law enforcement-human or otherwise . 
 `` what do you think , mia ? '' 
 dallas gutierrez , my right-hand man , strode to my side . 
 he wore a black leather jacket and black combat boots that fit the hard planes of his body to perfection . 
 at times , i thought he was too handsome to be real . 
 his hair was dark and thick , and the inky locks hung in sexy disarray over the wide , muscled length of his shoulders . 
 perfect eyebrows arched over perfectly shaped eyes . 
 perfect cheekbones framed a perfect nose . 
 for some reason , he was smiling-revealing perfect white teeth , the bastard-yet even as the brown depths of his eyes glinted with mischief , he still possessed the razor-sharp edge of a hunter . 
 i admired him for that . 
 on more than one occasion , dallas gutierrez had flipped death the bird and come out alive . 
 he was a man who rushed into the middle of danger without hesitation . 
 he considered his friends ' safety before he considered his own , and he never regretted his choice , even when he lay wounded and bleeding . 
 he 'd saved my life so many times , i should have tattooed his name on my ass . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` which group of aliens is responsible ? '' 
 `` zi karas , arcadians , or mecs . '' 
 a little of the sparkle left his eyes . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i tossed him an are-you-kidding-me frown . 
 `` can a woman lose one hundred and seventy-five pounds of unwanted fat by divorcing her husband ? '' 
 `` damn . '' 
 he chuckled , the sound rich and husky in the twilight . 
 `` no wonder you 're still single . 
 you 're vicious . '' 
 damn right i was . 
 i had to be . 
 i was a woman in a man 's profession , and just because i carried a pyre-gun did not mean i was taken seriously . 
 not even dallas had taken me seriously at first . 
 his first week on the job , he fought to have me relocated . 
 `` women are n't hunters , '' he 'd said so many times i wanted to brand the words on his chest-while he was awake and tied to his bed . 
 i stand at five feet five , weigh one hundred and twenty pounds . 
 i 'm only twenty-eight years old , but i have an indomitable will . 
 i do not take shit from anyone , especially when it comes to my job . 
 the first time dallas and i practiced hand-to-hand combat , i had him on the ground in three seconds flat , my palms wrapped around his windpipe while he gasped for air . 
 funny enough , we were best friends after that , and he never again mentioned my relocation . 
 `` what makes you so sure of yourself ? '' 
 he asked , folding his arms over his chest and pinning me with a frown of his own . 
 a plastic bag dangled from his fingers . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` ever heard of occam 's razor ? '' 
 he blinked over at me , and i took that for a no . 
 `` occam 's razor is a nineteenth-century principle that states the simplest explanation for a mysterious event is most likely the truth . '' 
 his brow furrowed , and his eyes flashed dark fire . 
 `` how in the hell did you decide the most likely suspect was from an oxygen-intolerant group ? '' 
 `` i smell onadyn , '' i said , biting back a grin . 
 `` christ , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i was excited that i knew something you did n't . 
 thanks for ruining it for me . '' 
 `` my pleasure . 
 now what 's in the bag ? '' 
 as soon as the words left my mouth , all traces of emotion drained from his expression . 
 silently , he studied me , as if trying to measure my inner strength . 
 i knew what he saw . 
 straight black hair pulled tight in a ponytail , though several wisps had already escaped confinement . 
 wide blue eyes that had seen more evil than good , and an oval face that boasted delicate cheekbones better suited to a ballerina . 
 my appearance worked well for me at times . 
 suspects expected me to be feminine and delicate , and i was able to take them by surprise . 
 at other times my appearance worked against me , bringing out all kinds of protective instincts in men . 
 this was one of those times i wished i had a mustache and a long , hideous scar . 
 i kept my gaze locked on dallas 's . 
 a sigh slid past his lips , leaving the words you win unsaid , though he did n't answer my question right away . 
 `` notice any footprints around the body ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i peered at the ground , studying , searching . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` neither did we . 
 and we 've analyzed every inch of dirt in this godforsaken shit hole . 
 at first we thought someone performed a beam-me-down-scottie . '' 
 i tossed that idea through my mind . 
 `` maybe . 
 but most aliens arrived here through interworld portals . 
 not spaceships . 
 so they would n't have access to the kind of technology required for a molecular transfer . 
 besides , the killer is cocky . 
 what better rush than placing the body here , in full view of witnesses , and still getting away ? '' 
 `` give us some credit , mia . 
 i said at first . 
 we soon changed our minds . '' 
 smug now , he dangled the plastic bag in front of my face . 
 inside were six strands of white hair . 
 `` found them snagged on a branch . '' 
 i frowned , studied the hair more closely . 
 they were thick and coarse and ... my frown deepened . 
 there were n't six individual strands of hair ; in actuality , there were only two . 
 three strands per follicle . 
 `` arcadian , '' i said , confirming my onadyn suspicions . 
 only the arcadians had three strands of hair attached to one follicle . 
 dallasnodded , his features suddenly tense , determined . 
 `` you got it . '' 
 dread prickled along my nerve endings , and my stomach twisted into a thousand tiny knots . 
 why could n't the zi karas or mecs be responsible ? 
 of all the aliens to invade our planet , arcadians were the strongest , the deadliest . 
 the hardest to capture . 
 their psychic abilities proved a sufficient weapon against us , helping them evade capture . 
 and their talent for mind control ... damn . 
 i did n't even want to contemplate that right now . 
 no wonder there were no footprints around the body . 
 an arcadian could very easily use telekinesis to wipe them away . 
 `` good luck to us , '' dallas said , his voice punctuating the sudden silence . 
 `` finding the other men alive does n't seem likely now . '' 
 `` we 'll find them , '' i said , pretending i did n't have my own doubts . 
 he pushed out a breath and motioned to the corpse with a tilt of his chin . 
 `` one thing i ca n't figure out . 
 why only men with dark hair and eyes ? '' 
 i 'm pretty sure i knew the answer . 
 `` our killer is an arcadian female who 's only attracted to men who are the exact opposite in appearance to her kinsmen . '' 
 the corners of his mouth twitched . 
 `` occam 's razor again ? '' 
 `` brilliant deduction . '' 
 another blast of wind pushed around us , causing tendrils of hair to momentarily shield my vision . 
 i hooked them behind my ear . 
 `` i think she wanted steele and the others as her kinky new sex toys , but could n't obtain them through legal means . '' 
 `` let 's be honest , though . 
 no woman is strong enough to force poison down a man this size . '' 
 `` you know better than that , '' i said , patting the gun at my side , reminding him that i could force a steel pipe down his throat if i wanted . 
 i knelt down and pulled at the bow tied to steele 's penis . 
 `` look at this . 
 is this something a man would do ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 dallas shook his head slowly . 
 `` no , it is n't . '' 
 `` hey , snow , '' one of the men called just then . 
 i recognized ghost 's deep baritone ; he was a man i enjoyed working with . 
 he possessed a heart of honor and courage unlike anyone else i 'd ever met . 
 `` yeah , '' i answered and released the ribbon . 
 i shoved to my feet , searching the darkness for his rich , chocolate-colored skin . 
 he stood several feet away , his grin a beacon in the night . 
 `` why do n't you come over here and do that to me ? 
 i 'll enjoy it so much more than steele there , '' he teased with a wink . 
 of course , ghost also possessed a warped sense of humor . 
 `` the last breathing man who let me near his goods dropped to the floor in a fetal ball and begged for his mommy . '' 
 he gave a good-humored chuckle . 
 `` you stay the hell away from my goods . '' 
 with barely a breath he added , `` you want us to erect the force field and protect him from the weather ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . '' 
 i wanted to view him exactly as he 'd been left for a little longer . 
 i returned my attention to dallas , who was scrubbing a hand over his jaw stubble . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` the killer went through some pretty elaborate measures to pose the body , '' he said . 
 `` the intelligent thing to do is destroy all the evidence , leave nothing behind . '' 
 `` our girl 's into showmanship , but more than that , she 's into punishment . 
 she took her time here , labored over every detail . 
 see how the victim 's body is perfectly aligned ? 
 see how the frost is perfectly sprinkled in his hair ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` i 'm guessing he did something to really piss her off . '' 
 `` damn me , '' dallas said , `` but i think you 're onto something here . 
 punishment equals humiliation , and there 's nothing more humiliating than going down in history as the man found in a dirty , diseased field with one hand tied to his dick . '' 
 he snorted , his mouth quirking up at one corner . 
 `` maybe we should interview a couple of my former girlfriends . 
 sounds like something they might do . '' 
 over the years , i 'd met many of dallas 's girlfriends . 
 some of them had needed icicles surgically removed from their veins-a sentiment i 'd voiced aloud on more than one occasion . 
 not that he 'd ever appreciated the genius of my insight . 
 i shook my head and said , `` all we 're likely to get from your leftovers is frostbite , so we 'll forgo the pleasure of interrogating them for now . '' 
 he shot me a teasing grin . 
 `` oh , oh , miss snow . 
 is that jealousy in your tone ? '' 
 `` bite me , dallas . '' 
 `` hmmm , with pleasure , mia . '' 
 he was kidding , i knew . 
 our relationship had never been sexual . 
 and would never become sexual . 
 sex destroyed more male/female partnerships than death , and god knows it would completely negate my authority , something i would not allow . 
 i stared down at the body for a long while , a new crop of questions running through my mind . 
 `` i want you and jaxon to interview the victim 's family in the morning , '' i said . 
 jaxon was another member of my unit . 
 whereas dallas was all intimidation , jaxon was a man who could ask the most private of questions and somehow convince interviewees they were happy to answer . 
 `` i want to know every sexual secret mr. steele possessed , every woman he ever glanced at . 
 i even want to know the brand of underwear he preferred . '' 
 dallas 's handsome face twisted in a wince , his full lips pursing in feigned pain . 
 `` that should be fun . '' 
 `` if you 'd prefer , i 'll assign you to padd . '' 
 paper and desk duty . 
 `` hey , '' he said , smiling like he was about to do me a huge favor , `` you want me to talk to steele 's family in the morning , i 'll talk to steele 's family . '' 
 before i could comment , he added , `` what 's next for tonight ? '' 
 i cast another glance around the scene . 
 it was about to start snowing again , the night suddenly thicker than before . 
 `` boys , '' i loudly called , `` go ahead and erect the force field , then call homicide . 
 they can finish searching the area . 
 we 've found what we need . '' 
 to dallas , i said , `` let 's go to the car . '' 
 i pivoted toward our unmarked black sedan . 
 i only set my feet in select places , using the same path i 'd taken to get here . 
 `` i want to search the database . '' 
 he fell into step behind me . 
 when we reached our destination , i placed my index finger on the passenger id scanner . 
 after recognition the door popped open , and i slid inside . 
 with a tug of my wrist , i slammed the door . 
 moments later , dallas occupied the driver 's seat . 
 `` start , '' he commanded , and the vehicle immediately roared to life . 
 `` heat . 
 high . '' 
 the heater kicked into action . 
 i glanced out the window and watched ghost and the other men assume positions around the edges of the crime scene . 
 each man withdrew a small box , placed it at his feet , and pressed a button . 
 blue lights sparked from every box , and the air around them appeared to solidify , becoming liquid and spreading upward and out , until meeting and creating a protective dome . 
 `` we need names , '' i said , turning to dallas . 
 `` specifics . '' 
 `` that i can do . '' 
 features tightening with concentration , dallas unfolded his computer console , located where steering wheels were once positioned . 
 within seconds , he was plugging away at the keyboard . 
 pensive , i removed my gloves and massaged the back of my neck . 
 `` pull up a list of every arcadian hunted , questioned , or wanted for interrogation in the last year . '' 
 `` males , too ? 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` already done . '' 
 he punched a few more buttons , and twenty-six names popped onto the screen . 
 ignoring the names , i scanned the crimes committed . 
 prostitution . 
 robbery . 
 vandalism . 
 `` cross-reference this list with all arcadians questioned for sex and human hate crimes . 
 delete those that have already been exterminated . '' 
 his fingers again flew over the keyboard . 
 mere seconds passed before the names dwindled to five . 
 i nodded in satisfaction . 
 very few aliens linked to violent crimes ever lived long enough to gloat . 
 since alien supporters had yet to push through a law stating that other-worlders were entitled to a trial , hunters were often judge , jury , and executioner . 
 instead of thanking us for keeping them safe , however , the supporters continued to fight us . 
 did n't they realize that if aliens were n't controlled , if their numbers were n't kept to a minimum , they could overrun us ? 
 that they might one day have the power to wipe us out completely ? 
 did n't they realize that species with extraordinary powers like weather control , levitation , and the ability to absorb energy needed to know they would be punished if they harmed a human ? 
 when the aliens first arrived more than seventy years ago , we would have destroyed them all if we could have . 
 from all the reports i 'd read , panic had spread worldwide , and we immediately engaged them in war . 
 instead of causing them to flee , we came very close to destroying our own planet . 
 in desperation , our world leaders finally met with the commanders of each species , and it was agreed that the aliens could live here as long as they remained peaceful toward us . 
 however , as with humans , there are those who are innately good and those who are innately evil . 
 when several other-worlders placed humans on their dessert menu , both aliens and humans agreed something needed to be done . 
 a.i.r. was quickly established , granting us free license to kill those who proved evil . 
 `` we 'll question each one , '' i said , `` see what they know . '' 
 keeping his gaze on the front windshield , dallas adjusted the pyre-gun hooked to his shoulder holster . 
 the lines around his mouth were taut . 
 `` to be honest , '' he said , his voice just as taut , as if he were embarrassed by his words , `` i 'm not sure i 'll be much help to you on this case . 
 i 've only hunted two arcadians since joining a.i.r. , and i had no luck either time . '' 
 `` then consider tonight your lucky night . 
 we 'll split the unit into five groups of two , and each group will hunt one arcadian . '' 
 i shifted to my left , facing him more directly . 
 `` you 'll be with me , and i '' - i winked - `` always get my alien . '' 
 `` not a bit cocky , are we ? '' 
 his lips widened into a full-fledged grin , and he radioed the others and told them our plan . 
 `` jaffe , mandalay , you 're searching for cragin en srr . 
 ghost , kittie , you 're searching for lilla en arr - '' `` no , '' i said , cutting off his words . 
 the moment he 'd spoken lilla 's name , cold fingers of apprehension had crawled up my spine . 
 `` i want the woman . '' 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` there are two females listed . '' 
 `` i want this woman . '' 
 my instincts rarely proved wrong . 
 his eyes gleamed with curiosity , but he nodded , corrected ghost and kittie 's target , then continued his litany . 
 when he finished , he returned the radio to its receiver and faced me . 
 `` so you think lilla 's our girl ? '' 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 i motioned to the computer with a tilt of my chin . 
 `` pull up her voice frequency . '' 
 when an alien was interrogated , no matter the crime , their voice was recorded and filed , and through voice recognition we were able to monitor their whereabouts for the rest of their stay on earth . 
 alien voice was much like human fingerprints , and since high-frequency recorders decorated every street corner and were constantly monitored , we 'd have the information we wanted in seconds . 
 `` her voice is n't listed , '' dallas said , confused . 
 `` she was questioned , so it has to be . 
 try again . '' 
 silence . 
 then , `` i 'm telling you , '' he said , `` it 's not here . '' 
 no damn way . 
 `` see what else you can find on her . 
 every little detail . '' 
 he positioned his fingers onto the keyboard and jumped back into work . 
 one prolonged heartbeat of time passed . 
 two . 
 `` shit , take a look at this . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i straightened in my seat and eyed the screen . 
 `` firewall . 
 all records for lilla en arr are deemed confidential , and no one , and i do mean no one , is allowed entrance . '' 
 `` arrests and interrogations are n't confidential . '' 
 the words rushed from me , ripe with displeasure and confusion . 
 he shot me a narrowed glance . 
 what little i saw of his eyes blazed with irritation . 
 `` i 'm telling you , access is denied . 
 this is one hell of a block . '' 
 dark curiosity pounded through me because there was only one logical explanation . 
 someone on the inside did n't want authorities poking into lilla 's life . 
 `` get into that file , '' i commanded . 
 `` want me to pull a rabbit out of my ass , too ? '' 
 he muttered , his tone heavy with sarcasm . 
 but he turned back to the screen , his fingers working furiously . 
 `` if you can show me that rabbit at the same time you get into that file , i might think you 've got talent . '' 
 `` shut the f ** k up , mia . '' 
 minute after minute dragged by , the click of the keys the only sound . 
 i was not known for my patience , and tapped my foot against the floorboard . 
 finally dallas laughed , threw his hands in the air , and shouted , `` could n't block that , could you , you bastards . '' 
 `` what 'd you find ? '' 
 excitement blended with my impatience , each emotion feeding off the other . 
 `` still no voice recording , but she 's been questioned twice . 
 once for soliciting sex from a human , and once for beating the shit out of a human . '' 
 `` who arrested her ? '' 
 `` for solicitation-george hudson . '' 
 i filed that information away . 
 i did n't know the agent personally , but i would . 
 `` what about the assault charges ? '' 
 `` let 's see . 
 the arresting officer was - '' he scrolled down the screen , then whistled between his teeth . 
 `` the name 's been erased . '' 
 `` this does n't make sense . 
 alien assault is punishable by death , and only death , yet lilla was released and her record buried . '' 
 `` why bury it ? '' 
 thoughtful , dallas worried a hand over his shadow beard . 
 `` i mean , someone obviously wants her information to remain hidden , so why not destroy it ? '' 
 `` blackmail , maybe ? '' 
 i turned my head and glanced outside . 
 several agents were packing their gear and loading their vehicles . 
 pieces of this puzzle just did n't fit , and i pinched the bridge of my nose , trying to make sense of what i was learning . 
 i returned my attention to dallas . 
 `` does the database list who lilla solicited and who she trashed ? '' 
 another pause , then , `` shit , mia . 
 you 're not going to believe this . 
 the man lilla beat within an inch of his life was william steele . 
 and the man she propositioned was none other than - '' he shot me a glance , and we said in unison , `` william steele . '' 
 `` so there 's a connection , '' i breathed , brushing a hand down my face . 
 slowly , he nodded . 
 `` looks like we 've got our killer . '' 
 `` yes , it looks that way , does n't it ? '' 
 yet suddenly something did n't feel right , and my mind whirled with probabilities . 
 here was an arcadian female who 'd desired steele enough to try and seduce him . 
 when that failed , she beat him . 
 this was a female perfectly capable of murder , and the simplest answer to our investigation . 
 occam 's razor . 
 except ... everything inside me was screaming too easy ! 
 oh , i was willing to bet my savings account she was involved . 
 had to be . 
 but ... `` got anything else on her ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to assuage my concerns . 
 `` is her name linked with any of the other missing men ? '' 
 `` not that i can see . 
 the only other bit of info here is the fact that she works at ecstasy , and is dating the owner . '' 
 i pursed my lips and flipped through my mental files . 
 `` that name sounds familiar . '' 
 `` you need to get out more , woman . 
 ecstasy is the most exclusive nightclub in new chicago , and host to a slew of alien sympathizers . 
 mark st. john , the owner , is a hard-ass bastard with more money than god . '' 
 so the boyfriend had money and power , probably kept a few officials in his pocket . 
 that explained lilla 's confidential file and the fact that she was still alive . 
 `` let 's go after lilla first , '' i said , `` and then hudson . '' 
 `` beauty before brawn , eh ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` think she 's working tonight ? '' 
 `` according to this , she works every night . '' 
 `` doing what , exactly ? '' 
 `` tending bar . '' 
 `` it 's a damn good thing i wore my dancing shoes , then , '' i said , leaning back in the seat , `` because we 're going to crash the party . 
 and do n't kill her , dallas , '' i added quickly . 
 `` i want her alive . '' 
 `` as if you have to worry about me . 
 you 're the one who 's trigger-happy . '' 
 grinning languidly , he programmed the club 's address into the console . 
 `` i do believe this night is about to get interesting . '' 
 chapter 2 ecstasy perched atop a perfectly manicured hill in the upper east district . 
 moonlight cast an unholy frame around the three-story building , illuminating the deceptively virginal white walls , stained glass windows , and hanging pottery filled with bright green faux foliage . 
 a cross rose from the roof like a direct antenna to god . 
 a f ** king chapel , i thought . 
 a nightclub infamous for illegal drugs and made-to-order sex was housed in a f ** king chapel . 
 i shook my head , marveling at the defiance such an act required . 
 it was like saying , `` screw you , god . '' 
 something about the place prodded at the corners of my memory . 
 i stared at the silk flowers twined around the tall alabaster columns , searching my mind for ... what ? 
 what was i forgetting ? 
 it hit me in the next instant , and i almost groaned . 
 i 'd forgotten my brother 's memorial was tonight . 
 my parents had me in their late thirties . 
 my mother ran off not long after , but my dad stuck around . 
 for many years , he 'd been a wonderful father . 
 loving , supportive . 
 it was only after my oldest brother 's death that he became an indifferent , sometimes cruel bastard . 
 the only thing that seemed to give him joy was this annual midnight vigil on the eve of kane 's death . 
 so what that my brother had died twenty-three years ago . 
 so what that kane had been seventeen , and i 'd been five and therefore did n't remember him . 
 my dad expected me to be there . 
 anger spun a treacherous web inside me as i considered the situation . 
 i was still alive , but my dad basically treated me as if i was dead ; kane was dead , but he still lived and breathed in my dad 's heart . 
 maybe that was because kane 's body had never been found . 
 i did n't know and tried not to care . 
 i was going to take a lot of shit for missing . 
 had the service been for my other brother , dare , i would have obliterated any obstacle to be there . 
 dare had been my hero , my lifeline . 
 whenever dad punished me , it was dare who comforted me . 
 dare who made sure i had enough food and blankets . 
 and he 'd been tortured and killed by a group of aliens on his eighteenth birthday . 
 the date of his death was stamped in my mind like a physical brand . 
 had my dad ever once held a memorial for him ? 
 hell , no . 
 `` looks like we 're gon na have ourselves some trouble , '' dallas said , capturing my attention . 
 i realized my hands were clenched , almost snapping the bones . 
 thinking of dare 's death always had that effect on me . 
 `` nothing we ca n't handle , '' i said absently . 
 my dad had n't called yet , but it was just a matter of time before he did . 
 this was the only night of the year he acknowledged me . 
 while i usually -lrb- secretly -rrb- looked forward to his call , i did n't need the distraction right now . 
 i slipped out my cell unit and switched the tone to silent . 
 i forced my body to relax and my mind to clear . 
 no thoughts of my dad tonight , and certainly no thoughts of my brothers , either . 
 i had to focus on here and now . 
 human lives depended on me . 
 at the gated entrance , dallas eased his sedan toward the security booth . 
 before the wheels came to a complete stop , a uniformed guard appeared at the driver 's - side window . 
 the guard had dry , yellow skin , almost reptilian . 
 he had no nose , and his cheekbones were so sharp they could have cut glass . 
 ugly as putrid water , with a smell to match , he peered into the car with wide golden eyes . 
 an ell-rollis . 
 he was definitely an ell-rollis . 
 their race was n't known for creativity ; they rarely possessed an original thought , so they relied on the exact directives of others . 
 and those directives were usually nefarious . 
 except for their physical strength , they did n't have any special powers . 
 that i knew of . 
 perhaps one day there would be a manual outlining every alien species and their abilities , but until then , we operated on what little knowledge we possessed . 
 dallas lowered his window , and suddenly all that shielded him from the alien was air . 
 and that was n't a good thing , since the alien was built like two wwe wrestlers fused together , muscle stacked upon muscle . 
 he 'd probably been ordered to kill whoever defied him . 
 `` do you have invitation ? '' 
 the guard asked , his voice low , gravelly , and heavily accented . 
 before dallas could utter a single word , i leaned across the seat and flashed my badge . 
 `` open the gate . '' 
 the ell-rollis kept his gaze locked on my partner , assuming he was the bigger threat . 
 unimpressed , the alien crossed his arms over his chest . 
 his expression darkened with disdain . 
 `` no invitation . 
 no enter . '' 
 `` i understand , '' i replied pleasantly . 
 deceptively . 
 and i did understand . 
 he saw a badge and automatically assumed i was an average cop with no alien jurisdiction . 
 `` maybe this will help . '' 
 with a fluid , lightning-fast motion of my wrist , i unsheathed my pyre-gun and leveled it at his face . 
 `` open the gate , or taste fire . '' 
 pyre-guns caused maximum pain with lethal results , and that was something even a ell-rollis could understand , the dumb bastard . 
 these guns were standard issue ; they emitted thin talons of fire that exploded upon impact . 
 the wielder controlled just how much fire-just how much pain . 
 certain alien breeds were impervious to bullets , but i had yet to meet a breed resistant to fire . 
 dallas flipped on the cab light , and two glowing circles flooded the front seats , chasing away the darkness . 
 the ell-rollis tugged his gaze from dallas to my gun . 
 he flicked my face a nervous glance . 
 when he saw me , his eyes widened , and his mouth formed a small o . 
 he recoiled three steps back . 
 `` mia snow , '' he breathed on a horrified gasp . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 my gaze remained as steady as my gun . 
 `` i let you inside , yes ? '' 
 he tried for an easy , i-only-want-to-please-you chuckle that sounded more like a misfiring pyre-gun . 
 his limbs trembled , and he edged his way toward the guardhouse . 
 `` stay where you are , '' i said , keeping my tone casual . 
 he froze so quickly , i almost laughed . 
 almost . 
 `` i want my friend to open the gate . 
 you blew your chance . '' 
 no telling how many alarms the bastard would kick if i allowed him inside his booth . 
 he swallowed , the action followed by a jerky nod . 
 `` whatever say you . '' 
 dallas emerged from the sedan , always careful to stay out of my line of fire . 
 he stepped inside the guardhouse , and moments later the thick metal bars blocking our entrance were groaning in protest as they split . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked the ell-rollis . 
 `` i called bob , '' he offered hesitantly . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 why could n't he have picked a human name that fit his appearance ? 
 biff ? 
 or hulk ? 
 `` well , bobby , '' i said , `` i 'm feeling generous tonight . '' 
 i holstered my gun , but his expression remained tight with fear . 
 `` i 'm going to let you live , and in exchange , you 're going to escort me to lilla en arr . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` yes , yes . 
 i understand . '' 
 the lines of tension finally eased around his mouth . 
 `` mia snow always keep her word , just as bob do . '' 
 `` for your sake , i hope so . '' 
 my gaze remained on bob , but i spoke my next words to dallas . 
 `` follow in the car and meet me inside . '' 
 `` you got it , '' he replied with an easy smile . 
 he always enjoyed watching me , the dainty little flower , intimidate such enormous creatures . 
 warped humor , if you asked me , but then we all had our quirks . 
 `` you try anything , bobby , '' i said , exiting the sedan , `` and i swear to god i 'll use you for target practice . '' 
 the predicted snow chose that moment to pour from the sky . 
 in seconds . 
 thick white flakes fell and swirled around us , descending like glitter inside a water globe . 
 `` i no try nothing . '' 
 he shook his head violently , causing his dark brown braids to swing around his temples . 
 `` no , no . 
 no try . 
 i your friend . '' 
 friend , my ass . 
 he 'd kill me if i gave him the opportunity . 
 with a tilt of my chin , i motioned him inside the gate . 
 i kept him three strides in front of me . 
 i did n't trust him at my back , and i did n't want him at my side . 
 cars littered the grounds , all strategically placed for easy departure . 
 one by one , we maneuvered around them , each step taking us closer to ecstasy . 
 finally , we stood at the large , intricately carved double doors . 
 thunderous rock music boomed so loudly , the walls and floor vibrated . 
 i wiped the snow from my face and wondered at the lack of entrance security . 
 yes , they had bob posted at the front gate , but as i 'd just proved , he was n't insurmountable . 
 i doubted they relied on cameras . 
 unlicensed surveillance had been restricted years ago because even the average citizen knew how to splice `` tamper-resistant '' film , and after numerous false claims , the courts had decided to restrict all video usage . 
 this nightclub had never been issued a license . 
 sure , they could have hidden cameras , but why gamble on the loss of a business over something so trivial ? 
 i wondered again at the reason for only posting one guard . 
 stupidity on the owner 's part ? 
 or simple cockiness ? 
 or maybe he was just too cheap to spring for more . 
 i voted for all three . 
 just get this over with , mia . 
 i silently palmed my gun and adjusted the control to stun . 
 i 'd said i would n't kill him , and i would n't . 
 but i never promised not to immobilize him for a few hours . 
 hand steady , i aimed at bob 's back . 
 as if sensing my intent , he turned and cast me a glance over his shoulder . 
 his expression was comical , really , since he had no nose . 
 his sharp , yellowed teeth were chewing on his bottom lip . 
 i stupidly paused for a second too long , allowing his expression to distract me . 
 panicked , he slapped my arm . 
 the gun went flying and skidded across the porch . 
 he dove for it , but only managed to push it farther away . 
 cursing myself , i jumped onto his back and pressed my fingers against his temples , preventing his fishlike gills from raising and lowering . 
 the action cut off his air supply . 
 he soon forgot all about my gun as oxygen was denied him . 
 he fought me , legs flailing , hands tearing at my fingers . 
 when that did n't work , he jabbed his elbow into my stomach , and though breath exploded from my lungs and pain rocked me , i held tight . 
 finally he went still . 
 his body collapsed , and he thumped to the ground . 
 i jumped to my feet , but remained doubled over as i sucked in a deep , much needed breath . 
 `` you 'll thank me later , you bastard . '' 
 dallas barreled up the stairs , his gun cocked and aimed at bob as i picked up my own gun and fired a round of stun lasers at the sleeping giant . 
 my hand fell to my side , and i sucked in another round of air . 
 dallas pinned me with a concerned gaze . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said , but damn it , my stomach felt like an overused punching bag at boxing practice . 
 `` want me to kill him ? 
 he assaulted an officer , after all . '' 
 i thought it over , then shook my head . 
 `` nah . 
 too much paperwork . 
 he 's not who we came for , anyway . '' 
 dallas 's lips twitched at the corners . 
 `` you going soft on me ? 
 first you allow a ell-rollis to disarm you , and then you - '' `` go f ** k yourself . '' 
 chuckling , he slipped his gun back into place . 
 with his hands free , he locked his arms under bob 's armpits and began tugging the giant out of the way . 
 `` i 'll hide him beyond the edge . 
 no need to help . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i was n't . '' 
 he shot me a frown . 
 that frown quickly changed to a grimace as he strained under bob 's weight . 
 `` did i tell you i 've got a date tomorrow ? '' 
 he asked conversationally , changing the subject just to annoy me . 
 `` with who ? '' 
 `` jane marlow . '' 
 `` christ . 
 the p ** n star ? '' 
 `` she prefers the term professional sex advocate , '' he replied , huffing from exertion . 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` at least with this one you 'll know there 's more than ice in her panties . '' 
 `` i resent that . 
 especially from you , a woman who has n't gone on a date since the great heat wave . '' 
 my back straightened , and my shoulders squared . 
 `` i had dinner with kedric coners last week . '' 
 `` he does n't count . 
 his legs are so skinny , i could use them as chopsticks . '' 
 `` he 's not that skinny . '' 
 `` you ca n't deny he 's got no heart , though . 
 hell , i bet he tosses widows and children out of that fancy apartment building he owns and into the cold , wet streets . '' 
 dallas rounded the corner , out of sight , and i heard a thud as he dropped bob to the ground . 
 within seconds , my partner was striding toward me . 
 when he reached me , he leaned down until our noses were only inches apart . 
 `` why do you only date men like that ? 
 men you can walk all over ? 
 there 's no way in hell you can respect someone like that . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 anger rushed through me , growing hotter and hotter , darker and darker . 
 i liked being in control . 
 so what ? 
 i liked things done my way , when i wanted , where i wanted . 
 i rarely dated , but when i did , i picked men who took what i gave them and did n't ask for more . 
 if i were a man , dallas would be slapping me on the back and offering me a beer instead of chastising me . 
 `` what i like is solving a case , '' i said with false calm . 
 `` i think we 've wasted enough time outside , do n't you ? '' 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw , but he held up his hands and shrugged . 
 `` whatever you say . 
 you 're the boss , right ? '' 
 the entry doors swung open . 
 in unison , dallas and i spun , weapons drawn . 
 from the open doorway , smoke billowed like a thick morning fog . 
 amid the haze , two delensean females emerged . 
 both appeared to be in their mid-twenties , with flowing azure hair , azure skin , and four handless arms . 
 both wore only drunken smiles and wraparound chains . 
 the thin silver links wound around their curves , hiding mere inches of skin . 
 the women giggled when they saw us , not the least concerned by our presence . 
 we allowed them to pass without a word , then each turned and fired , stunning them . 
 they froze in place . 
 all delenseans acted like rebellious teenagers , anyway . 
 throw drugs into the mix , and no telling what kind of havoc they would create . 
 `` you gon na help me this time ? '' 
 dallas asked me . 
 we each dragged one around the corner and dropped her beside bob . 
 if we did n't get inside soon , no telling how big the pile would become . 
 i strode to the front door and pushed inside , dallas right beside me . 
 music blasted my ears , a fast rhythm that lured in the unwary . 
 the mingled scent of sweat , sex , and alcohol filled my nostrils , almost obscene in its headiness . 
 illegal cigarette smoke , too . 
 shadows and light constantly battled for control , blending together at times , illuminating , then hiding each other , but all the while creating a dreamlike atmosphere . 
 the foyer possessed no furnishings , yet still overflowed with half-dressed , undulating bodies , both human and alien . 
 one man was bound to the wall by thick ropes , and he moaned in rapture as the woman standing behind him spanked him with a spiked , wooden paddle . 
 another group was in the middle of a dog-and-pony show . 
 three na ** d human women were on all fours , a spiked collar wrapped around each of their necks . 
 a glowing male mec paced them up and down the walkway . 
 `` i 'm feeling a little overdressed , '' dallas said . 
 i 'd never seen so many people getting off in so many different ways . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's find lilla before we lose our concentration . '' 
 `` too late for me , but go ahead and lead the way . '' 
 as i strode in front of dallas , a man latched his fingers around my wrist , trying to draw me into his waiting embrace . 
 i attempted to jerk myself free , but found my efforts were paltry compared to his determination . 
 i was just about to introduce the man 's groin to my knee when dallas slammed his fist into the guy 's face . 
 i was suddenly freed . 
 `` thanks , '' i said with a half grin . 
 `` no prob . '' 
 we continued toward the main room . 
 my boots stuck to the floor in several places , and i shuddered at the thought of just what was making them stick . 
 once in the center of the action , i cataloged the entire scene . 
 crosses decorated the walls , and moonlight dappled through red velvet curtains . 
 pillowed chaises in brilliant golds and purples snaked around the far corners . 
 sashaying in every direction were waitresses dressed as slutty nuns , each holding a tray piled high with drugs , alcohol , and sex toys . 
 amid the moans of titillation that rivaled the music 's volume , bodies bumped and writhed . 
 `` think i can get a membership ? '' 
 dallas asked , the warmth of his breath fanning my ear . 
 `` you 're perverted enough . '' 
 `` yes , i am , '' he answered proudly . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` do you see her ? '' 
 `` honestly ? '' 
 he slowly smiled . 
 `` i have n't been looking . 
 there are too many other , more interesting sights . '' 
 i could n't chastise him , since i 'd been distracted as well . 
 i slid my gaze to the bar . 
 lilla 's file claimed she was a bartender , but i did n't see her peddling drinks . 
 determined to find her , i studied every individual , every corner , every hollow . 
 i counted two arcadians , both female , neither lilla . 
 then suddenly ... joltingly ... my gaze connected with the seductively uptilted violet eyes of an arcadian male . 
 breath froze in my lungs , and everything around me receded . 
 time slowed . 
 the music faded from my ears . 
 my vision tunneled to this one man as a foreign energy sizzled under my skin . 
 i rubbed at my arms , trying to rid myself of the odd sensation . 
 the arcadian was taller than anyone else in the room , his shoulders broad and muscled like a savage pict warrior from long ago . 
 his cheekbones were high , his nose straight , his lips full , lush , and sensual . 
 he wore danger like a cloak , erotic danger , lethal danger , and there was a hard , granite edge to his expression . 
 it was the same expression cops and hunters wore , one that proclaimed he 'd seen the darkest life had to offer and had survived . 
 i could n't see his clothing , could n't tell if he wore traditional earth clothing or something more daring . 
 i only knew he looked like living power . 
 at last you arrive whispered so clearly across my mind , i almost turned to see who had spoken . 
 i watched a knowing-and perhaps a little mocking-smile half-curl the corners of his lips , and then he was gone , his warrior body somehow hidden in the crowd . 
 i searched , but could n't find him . 
 besides the energy flowing through me , there was n't a single indication of his presence . 
 where was he ? 
 who was he ? 
 and how the hell had he disappeared so quickly ? 
 i frowned . 
 `` hey , mia , '' dallas said , slicing into my preoccupation . 
 `` you okay ? 
 you were in a trance or something . 
 i had to call your name several times to get your attention . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i offered weakly . 
 disgusted with myself , i scanned the masses again . 
 lilla . 
 i 'm looking for lilla . 
 the man did n't mater . 
 i resumed my search and was quickly rewarded . 
 there , at the back altar , was a black overstuffed lounge that curled at the end like a lover 's palm . 
 atop the cushions , i saw a cascade of white hair and a perfectly sloped back . 
 anticipation zinged across my nerve endings . 
 sometimes i just knew , knew things without any explanation why , and i knew this was lilla , though i could n't see her face . 
 she was poised above a human male . 
 his legs were bent and spread to offer her a libidinous cradle . 
 i could n't make out his features . 
 on lilla 's left and right sides were two catlike taren females ; both wore flimsy white robes and were licking and kissing lilla 's shoulders . 
 as if she sensed my gaze , lilla tossed her hair over one shoulder , turned , and met my stare . 
 i felt a slight hum of energy whiz through me , the same type of odd hum i 'd felt with the arcadian warrior . 
 it was ... bizarre , something i 'd never encountered before today . 
 i had no idea what it meant , and i did n't have time to analyze . 
 lilla gave me a slow smile before returning her attention to her lovers . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` this way , '' i said to dallas , giving his shirtsleeve a tug . 
 side by side we strode across the dance floor , ignoring wandering hands and gyrating bodies . 
 when we reached our destination , i received my first full look at the man beneath lilla . 
 he had thick red hair and freckled skin , big ears that probably flapped in the wind . 
 his eyes were spaced too far apart , but the color was nice , a mixture of green and brown . 
 `` mark st. john , '' dallas supplied . 
 `` ecstasy 's owner . '' 
 i had a few questions for lover boy , but knew those would have to wait . 
 a man with a hard-on had trouble concentrating on facts . 
 besides , interrogations worked best with one suspect at a time . 
 i shifted my gaze to lilla . 
 she wore a flesh-colored halter top and skirt that almost made her appear naked . 
 i reached out and tapped her on the shoulder . 
 `` lilla en arr ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she said , not sparing me a glance . 
 `` we need to speak with you . '' 
 languidly , deliberately , she turned to face me , and our gazes collided again . 
 as if on cue , the music tapered to silence . 
 `` mia snow , '' she said , her tone as soft as a caress , each syllable well modulated and punctuated precisely with an almost hypnotic rhythm . 
 `` i am so glad you have , at last , joined us . 
 we have been expecting you . '' 
 chapter 3 we have been expecting you . 
 the words reverberated in my mind amid the unexpected silence . 
 we.noti . 
 kind of like the words that had whispered through my mind only minutes before . 
 at last you arrive . 
 i stared down at lilla . 
 her features were as delicate as butterfly wings , incandescent and angelic . 
 pale . 
 wholly innocent . 
 and somehow the absolute essence of sexuality . 
 on the surface , she was beauty personified . 
 yet there was an underlying hardness to her gaze , a tightness to her lips that gave her an emotionally untouchable veneer . 
 i did n't have to glance at dallas to know he was foaming at the mouth for a taste of this woman . 
 he was a sucker for ice queens . 
 i fought the urge to grab her by the shoulders , slap a pair of laserbands on her wrists , and haul her ass down to a.i.r. headquarters . 
 i had questions , and most likely , she had the answers . 
 however , taking her to the station might have the same results as her former arrests-swept under a nice , tidy little rug-and i would n't risk that . 
 i did n't want lilla released , her file once again buried . 
 maybe even destroyed this time . 
 i 'd interrogate her here , in front of god and every pervert present if needed . 
 `` we need to speak with you , lilla , '' i said , my tone as hard as her expression . 
 `` then speak , '' she replied . 
 still watching me , she traced a fingertip down the center of her flesh-colored top . 
 she was the very picture of carnal seduction , and i was amazed by just how human she appeared . 
 `` i have nothing to hide . 
 no secrets lurking about , waiting to nibble on me . '' 
 `` let 's go somewhere private . '' 
 `` whatever you wish to discuss , we will discuss here , with my friends . 
 or ... '' her gaze swept over me . 
 `` perhaps you would like to join us first ? '' 
 `` i 'm not interested in dying like william steele , '' i said . 
 lilla 's smile lost some of its arrogance , and something dark flickered in the depths of her eyes , turning the violet to deep purple . 
 i almost regretted that i 'd punctured some of her casual disregard . 
 after all , i admired strength in a woman . 
 i admired the courage it took to look a hunter in the eyes and casually dismiss him . 
 or her . 
 still , i found it interesting that she 'd betrayed such a reaction to my words . 
 there were definite emotions here . 
 uncaring of the happenings around him , st. john snaked his arms around lilla and caressed her bare stomach . 
 lilla regained her easygoing facade . 
 with one wave of her hand , she dismissed the two taren women . 
 or cats . 
 or whatever they were . 
 they hopped down on all fours without protest and slinked to the bar . 
 lilla whispered something in st. john 's ear . 
 he shook his head , intent on getting his piece of ass . 
 she whispered something else . 
 i could n't make out the words , only the fierceness of her tone . 
 this time , he gave an abrupt nod . 
 his expression dark , he pushed to his feet , the action causing lilla to bounce on the couch . 
 st. john stalked away . 
 `` smart move , '' i said , the mechanics of their relationship suddenly clear . 
 lilla was the puppet master , and little markie was her puppet . 
 whether she controlled him through simple feminine wiles or arcadian mind control , i did n't know . 
 did n't care . 
 `` we would n't want st. john to hear about your dealings with another man , would we ? '' 
 keeping her gaze locked on mine , lilla rose , her movements slow and elaborate , somehow making the simple act of rising a seductive dance . 
 her eyelids lowered in an enticing , come-hither blink . 
 `` please , '' she said on a breathy murmur . 
 `` follow me . 
 we will chat somewhere private , just as you wished . '' 
 the music kicked up , filling the club with a syncopated beat and claiming the attention of the patrons . 
 lilla turned , flicking her luxuriant white hair over one shoulder , and strolled toward guarded double doors . 
 dallas followed right behind her , as if it were perfectly natural to follow a murder suspect wherever she might lead . 
 were they pumping drugs through the ventilation system ? 
 i thought sarcastically . 
 dallas was n't usually this foolish . 
 lilla was beautiful , yes , but the only thing worthy of such blind adoration was a giant vat of fresh , steaming synthetic coffee . 
 ever watchful and guarded , i remained five steps behind . 
 when i found myself searching for the arcadian male who 'd caught my eye earlier-for reasons that had nothing to do with safety-my lips curled back involuntarily in a scowl . 
 i was as bad as dallas . 
 i forced my gaze to focus straight ahead . 
 we were led into an empty hallway and up a flight of creaking stairs . 
 the long , narrow corridor we entered next had dancing nymphs painted on the walls and soft , wine-colored carpet . 
 finally , we entered a small office . 
 there were no windows adorning the plain white walls . 
 a desk crowned the center , and four chairs formed a half-moon at the front . 
 the air was clean , devoid of smoke . 
 in fact , the air smelled faintly of dried rose petals and lavender sachet , a scent any grandmother would have applauded . 
 lilla settled on the edge of the honey oak desk . 
 no papers were on top , i noticed . 
 `` would you like the door open or closed ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the seductress was gone , and in her place was a polite but formal hostess . 
 `` closed , '' i answered . 
 `` excellent choice . '' 
 she pushed a small button on a remote control , and the door snapped shut , cutting off all traces of music . 
 `` we are more intimate this way . '' 
 i refused to have my back to the door , so i claimed the high-backed swivel chair behind the desk . 
 dallas stayed beside the entrance , just in case someone tried to enter-or lilla tried to leave . 
 `` well , '' lilla said with a little laugh . 
 she hopped off the desk and eased into one of the seats facing me . 
 she folded one leg over the other , the action slow and sensual . 
 `` you certainly have my full attention now . '' 
 i placed a voice recorder on the desk 's surface and pushed record . 
 then i waited , allowing silence to stretch around us like long fingers of ice . 
 i wanted lilla to wonder , even stress , about what i had to say . 
 an old trick i 'd learned my first year of duty . 
 `` i am patient , '' she said with a knowing smile . 
 `` i can wait as long as you can . '' 
 fine . 
 `` did you murder william steele ? '' 
 i asked , my voice steady and clear . 
 her eyes widened , and i knew she had n't expected me to be so direct . 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 `` william steele was found in an abandoned field , stripped and dead . 
 we 're here to give you a chance to clear your name , '' i lied . 
 i truly doubted she could clear her name ; she was involved somehow , some way , i just did n't know the specifics . 
 but i would . 
 `` so i 'm going to ask one more time . 
 did you murder william steele ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no , no , '' she said with a shake of her head . 
 `` i did not kill william . '' 
 `` you 're going to have to prove that by giving me a detailed list of your whereabouts today . '' 
 `` i would never hurt him , '' she continued as if i had n't spoken . 
 `` ever . '' 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` ever ? '' 
 `` that is right . '' 
 i glanced to dallas . 
 `` now correct me if i 'm wrong , but was n't it lilla en arr who beat the shit out of william steele six weeks ago ? '' 
 `` that 'd be correct , '' he answered . 
 lilla 's already pale skin grew more pallid . 
 `` i do not have to respond to that . 
 nor do i have to answer any more of your questions . '' 
 she held out the remote , intending to open the door . 
 i grabbed it and slammed it onto the desk . 
 `` let me break it down for you , '' i said . 
 `` other-worlders are allowed to live and work among humans as long as all of our laws are obeyed . 
 the moment a law is broken , aliens lose all rights . 
 my job is to enforce and punish . 
 the fact that i even suspect your involvement in a human murder grants me the authority to kill you . 
 you 're alive now only because i allow you to live . '' 
 silence . 
 silence so thick it cast an oppressive fog throughout the room . 
 `` i did n't hurt him , '' lilla finally whispered , each syllable ragged and broken , giving her tone an underlying pain , a deep hurt that was totally at odds with everything i 'd concluded about her . 
 she gazed down at her hands , and locks of white hair fell forward , shielding her face . 
 `` i loved him . '' 
 yeah , she 'd loved him so much she had n't looked for him or helped the police find him before he died . 
 but i had to give two thumbs up for her performance . 
 she deserved an academy award for best actress during a hunter interrogation . 
 `` i still need that list , '' i said . 
 `` i did not murder him . '' 
 `` where were you this afternoon ? '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` at the club . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i was here at the club . '' 
 `` you were here all evening ? 
 you never left ? 
 always had someone around you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'll need names of the people you were with and the times that you were with them . 
 and lilla ? '' 
 i added , blinking over at her . 
 `` i will verify this . '' 
 `` then you will find i have spoken the truth . '' 
 without glancing my way , she clicked off the names and times i wanted . 
 `` i did love him , '' she said , almost absently . 
 `` he simply would not listen to my warnings . 
 i tried to force him to my will that night , but he refused to heed me . 
 i used physical force , yes , but i did not mean to hurt him . '' 
 `` what were you trying to force him to do ? '' 
 give people enough rope and they 'll hang themselves . 
 she eased up , her hands wringing together . 
 `` i tried to make him leave . 
 he thought he could handle them . 
 he thought , as all humans do , '' she added bitterly , `` that nothing bad could happen to him . '' 
 `` them ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` who is them ? '' 
 her mouth fell open , as if she could n't believe she 'd given so much away . 
 she did n't answer . 
 `` who is them ? '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` that is none of your concern . '' 
 she arched her brows . 
 `` and you , i think , will not ask me such a question again . 
 i wo n't hurt you ; that would anger my brother . 
 but there are other things i can do - '' `` your brother ? 
 why would he care ? '' 
 `` no more questions . '' 
 phantom hands shoved their way into my mind , grasping , reaching . 
 i went on instant alert , using all of my strength to erect a mental block . 
 `` mind control is a crime , '' i ground out . 
 a sharp ache pounded in my temples , growing deeper and more intense with every second that passed , and i was n't sure if the pain stemmed from her attempt at mind control or my attempt to block her powers . 
 when i thought i might cry out from the strain , she whipped around , and the dynamism of her gaze was broken . 
 all of a sudden my pain ceased , and dizziness overtook me . 
 unable to focus , i dropped my head into my waiting hands . 
 the air began to spark with electricity , and the intensity only increased . 
 `` dallas , '' i said , forcing myself to glance at him . 
 he ignored me . 
 he was focused completely on lilla ... and he was opening the goddamn door for her . 
 `` dallas ! '' 
 still no response . 
 i had the sense of mind to grab my voice recorder before lunging to my feet . 
 my knees buckled . 
 by the time i regained my balance , lilla was gone . 
 i raced around the desk , saw that dallas was slumped against the wall , eyes closed . 
 i flew into the hallway , but only emptiness greeted me . 
 damn , damn , damn . 
 i stomped my foot , and the weight of my boot caused a heavy thud . 
 inside the office , i slapped dallas across the face , hard , putting all my strength behind the blow . 
 `` damn it , why did you let her go ? '' 
 `` i-i do n't know . '' 
 his expression bemused , he shook his head , blinked his eyes . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` i felt like i had to open the door for her , or i 'd die . '' 
 a moment later , his eyes darkened with anger . 
 he rubbed three fingers over his reddened cheek . 
 `` why the hell did you hit me ? '' 
 `` i think the better question is , why did n't i slap you twice ? '' 
 he left that alone , because he knew i was angry enough to follow through . 
 `` do you know where she went ? '' 
 `` she 's smart , and she knows we 'll find her here . 
 my guess is she 's run to another location-or to someone , '' i added as an afterthought . 
 then i swore under my breath . 
 `` i ca n't believe we let her get away . '' 
 `` look at it this way , '' he offered . 
 `` now the true fun begins . 
 we 're going hunting . '' 
 chapter 4 side by side , dallas and i pounded down the steps , taking them three at a time . 
 still dizzy from lilla 's mind control , dallas was n't as agile as he normally was . 
 he stumbled once and had to grip the banister to keep from tumbling face first . 
 a group of men , obviously hired muscle , waited for us at the bottom . 
 they were human , which meant we could n't kill them without a shitload of consequences . 
 too bad , too . 
 a little killing might have worked off some of my tension . 
 we ground to a halt in the middle of the staircase . 
 we either had to arrest them or fight them , and i did n't have time to take them to a.i.r. headquarters . 
 what 's more , anyone who attempted to hinder an alien investigation deserved an ass kicking . 
 i counted five idiots , all grinning because i probably looked like i 'd never been dirty , never perspired , and never said a naughty word in my life , and dallas was only one man . 
 what harm could these two do ? 
 they were thinking . 
 a slow grin played at my lips . 
 i 'd spent my childhood in one fight or another , trying to prove to my dad that i was strong , capable , and fearless , just like my brothers had been . 
 living in the southern district , the poor side of town , i had n't been able to fight like a cop or a sweet little lady . 
 no , i 'd learned to fight dirty . 
 and mean . 
 maybe if my mom had n't run off when i was a kid , she could have instilled some feminine qualities in me . 
 but she had , and i was n't a `` lady . '' 
 a tide of anticipation was already rushing through me at the thought of putting these men in their places-at my feet . 
 `` you ready for this ? '' 
 i asked dallas . 
 i knew how to inflict damage , yes , but i could n't do this alone . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 he sounded completely sure of his ability . 
 `` this is going to be fun , '' one of the idiots said . 
 the speaker was a handsome man , probably only twenty years old , and he had a hard-on the size of a police baton . 
 impressive , but it was n't going to save him from a beating . 
 he wore a come-and-lick-me smile , and i noticed he had a mouth of straight white teeth . 
 too bad he was about to lose some of them . 
 to the beat of the music rocking in the next room , dallas and i darted into action . 
 the moment i neared them , i kicked out one leg and struck one of the men in the balls with the heel of my foot , all without missing a step . 
 he screamed in pain . 
 the starting bell , you could say , because the fight had just begun . 
 another man came at me , and i let my fist fly forward . 
 bone crunched against cartilage . 
 blood squirted from his nose . 
 never pausing for breath , i elbowed two throats , broke one man 's kneecap , kneed a couple groins , and jabbed a pair of eyes before slamming a guy 's head into the wall . 
 one of the men recovered sufficiently to grab me by my jacket lapels . 
 i brought my arms up hard and fast inside his grip and quickly ground my palm into his trachea . 
 eyes wide with horror , he struggled to scream , the sound broken . 
 he released me as if i were radioactive waste and clutched at his throat , unable to breathe . 
 he 'd probably die , and i 'd be written up . 
 oh , well . 
 `` you should n't have come back for seconds , dumbass . '' 
 beside me , dallas fought like a champion boxer . 
 he punched , ducked , then punched again , intermittently landing solid blows . 
 finally all five men lay unconscious at our feet . 
 blood pooled from some of the bodies , a crimson river of pain . 
 a tooth lay next to the far wall-it probably belonged to the guy who 'd thought this would be fun . 
 ha ! 
 i had endured several fists to my stomach and now had a cut lip , and a bruised thigh . 
 one of the men had actually pulled my hair and scratched my cheek , like a sissy girl who had n't gotten her way . 
 what a pu ** y. i ignored the fact that i was doubled over and panting like a sissy myself . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked dallas . 
 `` my side and face hurt like hell , but other than that , i 'm fine . '' 
 he gently fingered his swollen , blackening eye . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` about the same . '' 
 i took a moment to catch my breath , dragging each intake into my lungs as if i was on life support . 
 smoke had seeped inside this little alcove , so the air was n't fresh and left an ashy taste in my throat . 
 `` if we go through there , '' dallas said , pointing to the double doors that led into the club , `` another fight will break out , and i 'm not sure my body can go another round right now . '' 
 `` big baby , '' i said . 
 i was n't going to admit that i felt the same way . 
 my bones throbbed , and my muscles burned . 
 `` there 's a window on the north wall . 
 if it opens , we might be able to get outside without drawing any attention to ourselves . '' 
 `` that 's worth a try , '' he said . 
 we limped to the window in question and paused . 
 our curses mingled together in a long , heated sputter as we surveyed the potential exit . 
 the thick stained glass was welded to a copper frame , which was welded to the wall . 
 i would n't have been surprised if the wall was welded to a steel support beam . 
 dallas shifted his attention left , then right . 
 not a single piece of furniture , not a single decoration , occupied the hallway . 
 muttering more curses under his breath , he removed his left shoe . 
 `` if this does n't work , '' he told me , `` we have to go through the club . 
 start praying . '' 
 `` i gave up prayer a long time ago . '' 
 `` do it anyway . '' 
 he placed the boot over his fist and hit the glass , dead center , using all his strength . 
 nothing . 
 he punched and punched and punched . 
 finally , thankfully , the glass gave way and shattered . 
 the sound blended with the booming music like wind chimes on a blustery day . 
 i 'm sure we tripped some sort of alarm . 
 i removed my jacket and threw it over the jagged threshold . 
 dallas gave me a hand up . 
 he came through behind me , tossed me my jacket , and we were on our way . 
 i welcomed the cold , fresh breeze as darkness and snowflakes swirled all around us . 
 `` i hear footsteps , '' dallas said , grabbing my hand . 
 `` move faster . '' 
 together , we dashed to his car . 
 two hours later , we were no closer to finding lilla than we had been when we first left the club . 
 we now had her voice on tape , but wherever she was , she was n't talking , so we could n't pinpoint her location . 
 we 'd tracked down and spoken with several people she 'd listed as contacts , but had no luck with any of them . 
 `` this sucks ass , '' dallas said . 
 i agreed . 
 i sat in the passenger seat of his sedan . 
 we were maneuvering down the east district 's winding streets , made slick from the snow . 
 though the car guided itself , dallas kept his eyes on the road , ever conscious of our surroundings . 
 music rocked softly from the speakers , and heat trickled from the vents , both as oppressive as my thoughts . 
 someone close to me was going to die before the night ended . 
 the premonition took me by surprise . 
 i blinked , and just like that i saw a scene unfold in my mind , though i could not make out all the specifics . 
 i saw the blast of a pyre-gun , the fall of a man . 
 i could n't see his face , nor could i see who had fired the shot ; i only knew the shooter was a woman , the victim was my friend , and every fiber of my being was screaming of the approaching death . 
 dallas sometimes teased me about being psychic . 
 i always denied it , said my instincts were simply better than most . 
 but i lied . 
 i was able to predict certain events . 
 i was fourteen years old the day of my first vision . 
 in my mind i had seen my youngest brother lying in a crimson river , three aliens standing over him , laughing and pointing . 
 i 'd pretended then that what i 'd seen had n't been real , had only been a figment of my imagination . 
 but the next day i found dare unconscious , his body drained of blood . 
 my next vision came a year later . 
 i saw my dad get drunk and step in front of an oncoming car . 
 vehicle sensors had n't been as sensitive as they were today , and the front end slammed into him . 
 of course , i immediately told him what i 'd seen . 
 he 'd laughed , waved me away with an indifferent sweep of his hand . 
 two days later a sedan barreled into him . 
 he broke his hip and leg and had to endure bone replacement surgery . 
 he 'd never spoken of it , but i know my ability scared him . 
 that 's when i began to realize just how different i was . 
 i realized , too , that i had to push myself harder than everyone else , had to be better , stronger , and smarter if i wanted to be seen as one of the boys . 
 i rubbed a hand over my face . 
 with this new vision , i was going to take measures to prevent it from coming true . 
 i had to . 
 yet with each second that ticked by , dread churned inside me , growing colder than the glacial snow whipping outside the windows . 
 just what could i do ? 
 delay our hunt until tomorrow , perhaps ? 
 radio all of my men and send them home ? 
 as soon as those thoughts entered my mind , i discarded them . 
 civilian lives depended on me . 
 on us . 
 i would n't abandon my job , even for one night . 
 and my men would n't either , even if i begged them . 
 our jobs came before our emotions . 
 always . 
 so what could i do ? 
 my teeth ground together as helplessness claimed me . 
 over the years , i 'd lost my brother dare and many , many friends to rogue aliens , and i would n't lose another friend without a fight . 
 i did n't have many left , and those i had meant something to me . 
 `` stop the car , '' i managed on a shaky catch of breath . 
 dallas cast me a quick glance . 
 `` why ? 
 we 're almost - '' `` stop the f ** king car ! '' 
 `` stop , '' he commanded the vehicle . 
 the sound of squealing tires filled my ears , and i was suddenly thrust forward with the momentum of our skid and ultimate stop . 
 another car honked and swerved around us . 
 dallas leveled me a frown . 
 `` what the hell 's the matter with you ? '' 
 i did n't know what to tell him , so i simply said , `` i need a moment to think . '' 
 `` of what?how to find lilla ? '' 
 he lost some of his anger . 
 `` i 've already loaded her voice frequency , but she 's not goddamn talking , so there 's nothing we can do . '' 
 `` just get on the computer and see what else you can dig up about her . '' 
 i did n't spare dallas another glance . 
 `` open , '' i commanded the door , and the hatch slid open . 
 i stepped into the bitterly cold night . 
 i strode a few paces away , my boots crunching snow with every step . 
 i realized i stood at the edge of state street , alone , silent , the cloak of twilight and stars all around me . 
 several snowflakes floated onto my lashes , and i blinked the crystals away , hoping to blink my fears away , as well . 
 both remained . 
 maybe i had missed something in the vision , some obscure detail that would help me prevent the death from occurring . 
 there was only one way to find out ... i closed my eyes , manipulated my consciousness until i stood at the periphery of my thoughts , and allowed the gruesome scene to replay in my mind , along with a deep , pounding ache . 
 through a thick , gloomy fog , i see two women ; one is a human , the other is alien . 
 they are facing each other . 
 i ca n't make out their coloring , ca n't make out anything except the shape of their bodies . 
 a man bursts into the room , behind the alien . 
 i know this man , his scent , his energy , but his identity escapes me . 
 he shoves the alien aside . 
 the human woman fires a pyre-gun . 
 the man falls in a puddle of his own blood . 
 the vision left me in the next instant . 
 i cracked open my eyes . 
 my hands clenched at my sides as my helplessness intensified , more real than the aches and pains of my battered body . 
 i did n't know why the man had pushed the alien aside , or why he 'd taken a blast of fire for her . 
 nor did i know why a human would want to hurt him . 
 and i still did n't know the identities of the victim or the killer . 
 i drew in a deep breath , then slowly released the air through my lips . 
 no friend of mine was going to die tonight . 
 i simply would n't allow it . 
 i would suspect every human female i encountered , and i would save this man . 
 if we could just find lilla , we could lock her up , and dallas and the others could go home , away from danger . 
 my movements were clipped , jerky , as i spun around and strode back to the car . 
 the passenger door was still open , so i slid inside and slammed it shut beside me . 
 dallas was plugging away at the computer console . 
 he shot me a glance . 
 `` better now ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i did n't explain further . 
 the edges of his month twitched . 
 `` you always have pms this bad ? '' 
 `` this is actually a light case , '' i replied dryly . 
 he chuckled , the husky timbre of amusement mingling with his next words . 
 `` god help us all when it 's bad , eh ? '' 
 i opened up to tell him to go to hell . 
 before one word emerged , however , his expression sobered , and he cursed under his breath . 
 he pounded a fist into the keyboard . 
 `` i 'm having a hell of a time getting back into lilla 's file . 
 damn it ! 
 if i could match her voice frequency , we 'd be set . '' 
 `` forget voice . 
 we 're missing something , '' i said on a frustrated breath . 
 in my mind , i pored over everything i knew about her , everything i 'd learned from our meeting . 
 `` the woman is n't very discriminating . 
 is she linked to any more men ? '' 
 `` not that i 'm aware of . 
 she 's been seen with william steele , of course , and mark st. john , but no one else . 
 well , '' he added , `` unless you count george hudson , her arresting officer . '' 
 the moment dallas spoke those words , several pieces of the puzzle connected in my mind . 
 `` you 're a freaking genius , dallas . '' 
 i flopped back against the headrest and laughed with excitement . 
 `` hudson . 
 we have n't yet talked to hudson . 
 he 's involved somehow . '' 
 `` but why did lilla allow him to arrest her ? 
 her capacity for mind control is staggering , as we both found out . '' 
 `` wait . 
 remember what she said ? 
 that she could n't force steele to do what she wanted ? 
 maybe she ca n't control everyone . 
 maybe she ca n't control the men she screws . '' 
 `` oh , that 's good . 
 that 's very good . 
 since she could n't convince hudson to forget her arrest , she must have clocked in a few hours between the sheets with him . '' 
 i was intrigued-and disgusted-by hudson 's supposed behavior , which did n't fit with a.i.r. standards . 
 agents did not sleep with other-worlders . 
 ever . 
 for any reason . 
 `` if they were sleeping together , though , why did n't he simply let her go ? 
 why go to all the trouble of taking her down to the station , booking her , and then burying her record ? '' 
 `` maybe he was jealous of her association with steele and wanted to teach her a lesson : obey me or pay the consequences . '' 
 `` there are other ways to teach an alien a lesson . 
 ways that do n't include incriminating himself . '' 
 `` witnesses , '' dallas said , slapping his thigh . 
 `` there would have been witnesses to her crimes , and hudson had to make her arrest appear real . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` god , this all seems so clear now , '' i said , and with that , relief hammered through me . 
 knowing exactly who had hidden lilla 's file wiped away my worries about the station house . 
 i could take lilla into custody now ; i could interrogate her on my turf . 
 this did n't mean my friends were completely safe , of course . 
 it just meant i had one less worry on this shit-filled night . 
 `` what do we know about hudson ? '' 
 i asked . 
 dallas punched some keys . 
 a picture of george hudson filled the screen , his information posted beside his smiling face . 
 `` forty-one . 
 brown hair , brown eyes . '' 
 dallas paused . 
 `` i 'd forgotten his coloring . 
 a perfect match for our missing men . '' 
 he rolled his neck , and the bones popped . 
 `` do you really think she 'd go to him ? 
 that she 'd go to the man who arrested her ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 she 'd feel safe with the a.i.r. agent who 's protected her twice already . '' 
 `` should i call for backup ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` have ghost and kittie meet us at the old warehouse on water . '' 
 dallas radioed the two agents , then programmed the address into the car . 
 our tires squealed as the vehicle veered onto the street , high-tech sensors guiding it and keeping it from crashing into objects . 
 `` i told you the night was going to be interesting . '' 
 `` interesting ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's about to get ugly . '' 
 a flash of movement captured my attention . 
 my eyes narrowed , and i intensified my focus , my head turning as the car sped farther and farther away . 
 when i saw a second flash , a peculiar , familiar energy washed over me . 
 just like at the club . 
 and i knew . 
 it was the male arcadian . 
 `` stop the car . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 dallas asked . 
 `` pull over , '' i shouted . 
 at his command , the car once more jerked to a stop , and i propelled forward in my seat , then back . 
 at this rate , i would have whiplash by morning . 
 `` stay on your guard , '' i told dallas , then said , `` open , '' to the car . 
 as the hatch lifted , i added , `` i spotted someone i want to question . '' 
 i jumped out , my weapon already drawn , my feet already moving , causing me to leap into a run the moment my shoes touched the ground . 
 this was not the setting of my vision , so i had no compulsion to guard dallas . 
 `` why the hell - '' i heard dallas shout behind me , his voice traveling with me . 
 i did n't slow down to explain . 
 could n't . 
 he 'd follow . 
 he always followed when i took off . 
 his protective instincts would n't allow him to wait passively behind . 
 my eyes continually searched the area around me . 
 damn , where had the arcadian gone ? 
 i kept running , following his onadyn scent . 
 with each pump of my feet and arms , with each jagged rock that beat into my boots , it became more and more clear that this man meant only to taunt me . 
 when dallas had ground the car to a halt , i had seen the arcadian smile-smile , damn him-before sprinting away at full speed . 
 my footsteps continued to pound into the pavement . 
 my heated breath mingled with the icy wind . 
 buildings towered on both my left and right sides , causing even greater darkness to swell around me . 
 my senses were alert , my nocturnal vision excellent , and i finally caught another glimpse of him . 
 i watched a trench coat whip around a corner and followed . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` a.i.r. '' his laughter floated to me , rich and smooth , like warm brandy during a summer storm , unbelievably , suggestively sensual . 
 i 'd catch him , the bastard , if for no other reason than to cut out his voice box so he 'd never laugh again . 
 as i ran , i adjusted my pyre-gun to stun , aimed , and fired off several rounds . 
 with each shot , blue lights blazed a trail in front of me , illuminating the shocked faces of the alley 's inhabitants . 
 the lights quickly faded . 
 i 'd missed him . 
 every time . 
 he dodged each round as if he knew exactly where they would land . 
 faster , mia , i commanded myself . 
 do n't lose him . 
 ragged breath burned in my throat and lungs and clanged in my ears , but i forced myself to keep moving . 
 abruptly my run came to a stop , for reasons that had nothing to do with stamina . 
 a wall blocked the end of the alley . 
 turning , panting , i eyed every inch of this bricked enclosure . 
 the arcadian was nowhere to be seen . 
 how the hell had he gotten past that wall ? 
 in the next instant , something soft brushed my ear . 
 i whipped around , fired . 
 hit only the wall . 
 the same softness brushed my other ear , renewing my awareness , propelling that odd thrill of energy through me . 
 i spun , fired , and cursed . 
 still , nothing . 
 `` you are being followed , '' a husky male voice said . 
 his voice . 
 the warrior . 
 he sounded serious and grave now , and i could n't tell which direction his voice came from . 
 he was moving too fast . 
 `` i know i 'm being followed , '' i said through clenched teeth . 
 `` by you . '' 
 steady . 
 `` are you a coward ? 
 reveal yourself . '' 
 `` another has already been taken , mia snow , and another will soon become a victim as well . '' 
 he continued to move around me so swiftly i could n't get a lock on him . 
 `` will you protect these victims , '' he said , `` or will you help the killer ? '' 
 what kind of question was that ? 
 one so stupid , i was n't going to answer it . 
 `` who has been taken , and who will be taken ? 
 give me the names , '' i demanded . 
 `` will you protect these victims ? '' 
 the arcadian demanded in the same hard tone i 'd used . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 `` of course i will protect them . 
 that 's my job . 
 now give me their names . '' 
 a long pause surrounded us . 
 finally , he said , `` what do you know of rianne harte ? '' 
 `` ryan heart , '' i echoed , committing the name to memory . 
 `` nothing . 
 what do you know of him ? '' 
 he chuckled , the sound dark rather than amused . 
 `` surely you have gotten further in the case than this . 
 surely you - '' `` mia , '' dallas called behind me . 
 `` and so our time together ends , '' the alien said . 
 `` stay , '' i demanded of him . 
 `` i 'm not finished with you . '' 
 the arcadian did n't respond . 
 in fact , i no longer felt his presence . 
 the gentle charged hum of his electrical output was gone . 
 damn it . 
 obviously his powers were exceptional . 
 maybe that was why i 'd felt his energy twice now . 
 to escape as quickly and easily as he had , he either levitated or walked through that brick wall . 
 god help us if aliens could now mist through solid objects . 
 my free hand fisted . 
 had he told me the truth ? 
 had someone else already been abducted ? 
 was another man soon to die ? 
 if so , the arcadian might even be the one responsible . 
 he could have been bragging . 
 i found myself nodding . 
 that made sense and fit part of the killer 's profile . 
 `` where 's the arcadian ? '' 
 dallas asked , panting . 
 `` i got a look at him and then he disappeared . '' 
 i pivoted and faced my partner . 
 `` i lost him . 
 fucking lost him . '' 
 `` who the hell was he , anyway ? '' 
 he bent over and sucked in a breath . 
 `` and why the hell were we chasing him ? '' 
 `` i saw him at the club . '' 
 dallas 's eyes went wide . 
 `` you think he knows something ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 with my hands on my hips , i searched the alley one last time . 
 nothing . 
 `` let 's go back to the car , and i 'll explain . '' 
 we strode briskly to the vehicle , ever alert to the happenings around us , and managed to settle inside the car 's warmth without incident . 
 `` he mentioned a name , '' i said . 
 `` ryan heart , male . 
 check for a missing person 's report . '' 
 dallas typed the name into the console , then glanced at me . 
 `` nada . '' 
 `` try ryan hart , '' i said , changing the spelling . 
 `` and if that does n't work , try harte . '' 
 a moment passed before dallas uttered a dark chuckle . 
 `` i hate to break this to you , mia , but there are two ryan harts . 
 one is sixty-eight , not the appearance of our victims . 
 the other is his ten-year-old grandson . 
 they both have blond hair . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` positive . '' 
 the arcadian had lied to me . 
 my muscles tightened with simmering fury . 
 `` get both harts on the phone , '' i said . 
 `` i want to personally hear that they 're safe in their beds . '' 
 it took dallas fifteen minutes , but he finally confirmed that both grandpa and the boy were safe . 
 `` i want a guard on both of them , '' i said . 
 `` i want to know who they talk to , where they go . 
 and keep it low-key . 
 i do n't want anyone to know , not even the commander . '' 
 `` there are a couple of humans who owe me a favor . '' 
 dallas made the necessary calls . 
 i did n't like this . 
 i did n't like this at all . 
 chapter 5 when we arrived at the warehouse , ghost and kittie were already there . 
 they stood beside their cruiser , each loaded down with multi-sized guns , knifes , and ammo . 
 they were wearing typical hunter attire-black leather pants , black shirts , and black jackets . 
 where ghost was tall , with chocolate-colored skin and a well-muscled body , kittie was short and as pale as vanilla ice cream . 
 his spindly arms and legs hid a dangerous strength and an ability to take down the most menacing of suspects . 
 kittie 's real name was james vaughn , and on his first day at a.i.r. he roamed the halls , introducing himself as mad dog . 
 he deserved a tough nickname , he 'd said . 
 i decided then to call him kittie . 
 the name had stuck . 
 dallas commanded the car to park next to them , and the vehicle smoothly obeyed . 
 we exited . 
 `` evening , boys , '' i said . 
 `` evening , '' kittie said with a grin . 
 his lips were almost imperceptible , only two thin slashes of pink , and he had a chin that pointed like a leprechaun 's shoe , but damn if he did n't have a beautiful pair of eyes-two brilliant emeralds framed by spiky black lashes . 
 he dragged one last puff on his cigarette , then tossed it to the ground . 
 `` that 's a nasty habit , '' i said , my gaze following the glowing orange butt as it rolled across the pavement . 
 `` and completely illegal . '' 
 `` only way to control my advanced schizophrenia and narcissistic rage . '' 
 those green orbs glowed with amusement as he lovingly patted the cigarette pack in his coat pocket . 
 `` mia , you 're lookin ' as fine as always , '' ghost said , `` but dallas ... man , that 's one hell of a shiner . 
 did you piss mia off again ? '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 dallas shrugged . 
 `` this time she hit me for no reason . '' 
 `` there 's always a reason , '' i muttered . 
 he only chuckled . 
 `` did you have any trouble finding your first target ? '' 
 i asked the others . 
 `` none whatsoever , '' kittie said , his deep voice a vivid contrast to his physique . 
 `` we put the little bastard in lockup . 
 but i got ta tell you , he could n't find his ass with a miner 's hat , the stupid son of a bitch , and it was pretty obvious he knew nothing about steele . '' 
 `` well , the arcadian we 're about to apprehend does know about steele , so listen up . '' 
 i clapped my hands to make sure i had everyone 's attention . 
 `` hudson 's house is only a block away . 
 we do this quietly and as quickly as possible . 
 and i want all of you , all of you , '' i stressed , my earlier vision suddenly filling my mind , `` to be careful around any and all women we encounter . 
 got it ? '' 
 they all just stared at me with narrowed eyes , like i 'd just called them stupid-ass morons . 
 maybe i had . 
 they knew to take care with everyone they encountered . 
 i held each stare for a few seconds , then crossed my arms over my chest and waited . 
 i was n't going to apologize . 
 finally , ghost broke the silence . 
 `` you want this girl lilla dead or alive ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` alive . 
 i have questions , she has answers . 
 now enough talk . 
 let 's move . '' 
 we stealthily maneuvered on foot to hudson 's backyard . 
 our black clothing was like a neon sign set in the paleness of the snow , so we stayed crouched low to the ground , trying to stay in the shadows . 
 at some points we crawled . 
 others we ran . 
 the lights were out throughout the entire house ; all of the curtains were drawn . 
 our heated breath misted the frigid air , and the only sound was the gentle patter of falling sleet . 
 i doubted hudson was stupid enough to leave a hideaway card for the guest scanner outside , but i searched anyway . 
 unfortunately , i found nothing more than a few shiny rocks and a fistful of dirt . 
 kittie spent a few minutes at the power receiver , cutting the alarm and backup battery . 
 a risky move , really , because the stilling of a ceiling fan or the flicker of a clock could alert the residents of our presence . 
 risky , but necessary . 
 ghost crouched down in front of the doorknob and extracted a black velvet pouch from his side pocket . 
 he removed a tiny saw blade and fit the shiny silver metal into the scanner . 
 wireless systems were still uncommon among the middle class , thank god , but even the most basic of houses used print ids or guest cards for entry . 
 in this hudson was no different . 
 i could n't pick an id unit to save my life . 
 i did n't have the patience . 
 smiling , i said softly , `` i love it when you do this . '' 
 his ability to break past any barrier gently and efficiently , without anyone the wiser , was how he 'd earned his name . 
 `` i swear to god it turns me on . '' 
 `` any time , baby , '' he said . 
 `` this is just one of my many talents with my hands . '' 
 i already had my weapon drawn , so i lined up behind him and covered his back while he worked . 
 moments later , the id was disarmed and the door popped open . 
 quick as a snap , i spun and placed my back against the wall , preparing for entry . 
 which one of these men would die tonight ? 
 unbidden , the question flashed in my mind . 
 for a moment , i could n't move , could barely breath . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 i would not let them die inside this house . 
 i would protect them , with my own life if necessary . 
 with that thought , i calmed . 
 i would keep them safe with my own life . 
 shaking my head , i cleared my thoughts . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i asked , not voicing the words , just moving my lips . 
 dallas got into position on the other side of the door . 
 he nodded . 
 ghost and kittie stepped back , guns drawn . 
 they , too , gave a short but sweet nod . 
 every nerve in my body on alert , i silently stepped inside . 
 my gaze darted , and my gun moved with it . 
 clear . 
 i stepped deeper inside , careful to place my boots exactly to prevent any type of squeak . 
 i paused , absorbing the silence . 
 dallas entered behind me , followed quickly by ghost . 
 kittie stayed at the door , guarding our rear . 
 legally , we did n't have to announce our presence like pd had to do . 
 we were hunting a predatory alien , and that gave us the right to enter any home we wanted without advance notice . 
 so we did n't give any . 
 lilla was a slippery creature , and i was n't going to give her any warning . 
 i scanned the immediate area . 
 a kitchen . 
 broken dishes littered the floor . 
 chairs were upturned . 
 my heart sped into over-drive . 
 there had been a fight in this room , and my gut told me lilla was the instigator . 
 just like in the club , just like with the arcadian warrior , i felt her energy , caught a lingering trace of her scent , sensual and exotic . 
 my guess : i felt her because she was as powerful as the other arcadian . 
 i 'd have to be careful with her . 
 i might not know what had suddenly allowed me to sense arcadian energy today , but i was damn glad for the ability at the moment . 
 i motioned for the men to remain behind me , and i did n't have to see their expressions to know i 'd just pissed them off royally . 
 usually they moved ahead and cleared the way before i took the next room . 
 not this time . 
 i was n't taking any chances . 
 screw their egos . 
 noiselessly , i entered the moon-washed living room . 
 a big bay window decorated the far wall , and the curtains gaped slightly down the middle . 
 couch cushions were strewn across the floor , the television was smashed to bits , but no life . 
 my heart slammed inside my rib cage , and i had to fight to keep my adrenaline rush under control . 
 this was just like my vision . 
 total chaos , angry energy . 
 then death . 
 i shivered and forced myself to breathe . 
 i had to keep my mind cool . 
 calm . 
 i paused a moment and simply listened . 
 silence . 
 no . 
 no , there was a muffled sound , low and hurried , erratic , but there all the same . 
 i waited , breath bated . 
 there were three open doorways in the hall , no light emanating from any . 
 which room was the sound coming from ? 
 damn it , i did n't like this . 
 the best course of action would be to check one myself and allow dallas and ghost to check the others , all at the same time . 
 i rejected that idea as soon as it formed and skirted around the wall ledge , the men close to my heels . 
 i moved into the first room . 
 almost immediately , i noticed a woman sleeping on the bed . 
 pink silk sheets draped her from toe to shoulder . 
 i was able to make out blond hair , but nothing more . 
 four steps later , i stood at the side of the bed . 
 keeping my weapon locked on her chest , i freed a pair of laserbands from my waist and locked her wrists around the headboard . 
 the bands pulsed with a slight , golden light as they bonded to her skin . 
 she muttered something as she stirred . 
 her eyelids slowly opened . 
 the moment she spotted me , her jaw dropped , and she prepared to scream . 
 i covered her mouth with my free hand , cutting off any sound . 
 a second later , ghost was beside me . 
 someone moaned , and it was n't the bound woman . 
 the sound had been too deep , too far away . 
 ghost put his hand over the woman 's mouth to replace mine . 
 i spun , ready , and watched the doorway . 
 the sound had come from one of the other rooms . 
 `` we 're a.i.r. agents , ma'am , '' ghost whispered to the woman . 
 `` be quiet , and you 'll be fine . 
 understand ? '' 
 she was glancing from one to the other , trembling so violently i feared she was having a seizure . 
 tears were filling her eyes , but she nodded . 
 shit , i inwardly cursed , as i looked at her more fully . 
 she was just a kid . 
 probably eighteen , give or take a year . 
 behind me , i heard a woman groan and shout , `` oh , god . '' 
 i spun again and saw no one . 
 and that 's when it hit me . 
 we had been so careful , so discreet , and in all likelihood , we would n't have been heard if we 'd blown a trumpet to announce our presence . 
 hudson and lilla were too busy screwing . 
 `` stay behind , '' i told dallas . 
 he gave a quick , jerky nod in the affirmative . 
 fury burned in his eyes . 
 since the bedroom door was open , ghost and i took opposite sides of the frame . 
 kittie made the end of the hallway his focal point . 
 i concentrated on the couple . 
 they were crouched on the floor , and hudson gripped lilla from behind . 
 her pale hair swayed each time his na ** d ass pounded forward . 
 his hands roamed all over her , through her hair , over her br ** sts . 
 i had to admire his technique . 
 `` on my count , '' i mouthed silently . 
 i raised my index finger . 
 one . 
 middle finger.two . 
 another finger.three . 
 we burst inside . 
 `` hands up , '' ghost shouted . 
 `` a.i.r. '' `` do it now , '' dallas yelled . 
 of course , he had n't stayed behind like i 'd commanded . 
 lilla screamed and jolted to her stomach . 
 hudson did n't even turn . 
 he was too busy reaching for his gun on the bedside table . 
 `` touch your weapon , and you die , '' i told him calmly . 
 `` you 're f ** ked , agent hudson . 
 and i do n't meant that literally . '' 
 with his back still to me , he held his palms up and out as he eased back on his ankles . 
 `` keep your hands where i can see them , '' i said . 
 `` understand ? '' 
 he gave one almost imperceptible nod . 
 `` good boy . 
 now turn toward me . 
 that 's right . '' 
 i arched a brow as he sat himself next to lilla . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 my gaze was between his legs and i almost smiled . 
 `` at ease . 
 i 'm not that impressed with your equipment . '' 
 hudson scowled . 
 lilla was crying , her sobs echoing off the walls , and i switched my attention from hudson to ... `` fuck ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` that 's not her . 
 that goddamn is n't her . '' 
 hudson had n't been screwing lilla , after all . 
 this woman was n't even an arcadian . 
 she had long blond hair , yes , but her eyes were dark blue , and her skin was perfectly sun-kissed . 
 i almost blew hudson 's face apart just to appease my growing rage . 
 but i paused and took stock . 
 okay . 
 so this woman was n't lilla . 
 did n't matter . 
 lilla was here . 
 i still felt her presence . 
 `` where is she , hudson ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 when he did n't respond immediately , i leveled my gun at his dick , so proudly displayed . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i swear to god i do n't . '' 
 he licked his lips and tried to scoot himself behind the woman 's back . 
 `` using a civilian to shield yourself , '' i muttered . 
 `` you 're practically the antichrist , you know that ? '' 
 he stilled . 
 `` in a.i.r. training , did you watch instructional halograms of my work ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yeah , '' he hesitantly answered . 
 `` then you know i have no conscience , and i 'll do whatever it takes to get what i want . '' 
 i gave the trigger of my gun a little pressure , not enough to grind off a shot , but enough to make my target squirm a little . 
 `` i 'm not going to ask you about lilla again . 
 i 'm just going to hurt you . '' 
 `` you 'll go to jail if you hurt me . '' 
 sweat beaded on his forehead , and he worried a shaky hand back and forth across his brow . 
 `` assaulting an agent of the law is a federal offense , and there are too many witnesses here . '' 
 one by one , my men turned around and faced the wall . 
 hudson 's face grew paler and paler . 
 a cruel laugh pushed past my lips . 
 `` wrong answer , '' i said , and switched my gun 's setting to its highest level . 
 i aimed . 
 `` she was here , '' he rushed on , hands up to ward me off , `` and she tore my place apart . 
 i kicked her out . 
 i swear . '' 
 he was lying . 
 lilla did n't control him , but he cared enough for her to risk his career and his freedom by burying her file . 
 i truly doubted he would have kicked her out for trashing his place . 
 `` who 's your friend ? '' 
 i asked , motioning to the crying female . 
 my men turned back and faced us . 
 we 'd made our point . 
 hudson glanced at each man . 
 `` she 's my wife . '' 
 he was lying . 
 again . 
 his record said he was single . 
 most likely , he did n't want us to be able to question the woman about him . 
 `` georgie , georgie , georgie , '' i said , holstering my gun , `` you 've really pushed me too far this time . '' 
 with that , i closed the distance between us and slammed my palm into his nose . 
 the cartilage snapped on contact . 
 amid his shrieks of agony , i turned and said , `` three noses in one night . 
 not my record , but not bad either . '' 
 behind me , i heard dallas give a short bark of laughter . 
 i pivoted , but was n't quick enough to catch his smile . 
 he frowned at me , still angry with me for not letting him lead . 
 i could handle his anger , though , because that meant he was still alive . 
 i turned back and knelt in front of the woman . 
 her body was violently trembling , and her eyes were slits of fear . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , '' i assured her . 
 `` you 're safe . '' 
 watching me , still unsure , she nodded . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sherry . 
 sherry galligher . '' 
 `` did an arcadian female come here tonight , sherry ? '' 
 she nodded again . 
 `` is she here now ? '' 
 `` yes , '' was the hesitant reply . 
 `` shut up , bitch , '' hudson spat , slamming his fist into her stomach with such force she banged against the nightstand . 
 my eyes narrowed on the bastard , and i held out my hand toward kittie . 
 `` hand me your lighter . 
 i think i 'll light a cigar . '' 
 i glanced pointedly at hudson 's dick . 
 `` well , a cigarette , anyway . '' 
 `` bitch , '' hudson growled , his anger and desperation making him forget his fear . 
 `` you 'd do it too . 
 well , if you want to light up my cock , why do n't you try sucking it first ? 
 because that 's the only place you belong . 
 on your knees . '' 
 `` oh , shit , '' dallas said , suddenly behind me . 
 `` he 's dead now . '' 
 kittie slapped the lighter into my outstretched hand . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i kept my attention on hudson . 
 i held the flame close to his nose and slowly moved downward . 
 he tried to scramble backward , but the bed frame stopped any form of retreat . 
 `` you want to rephrase your last words ? '' 
 his lips compressed in a tight line as his ball hairs singed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean it . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` good boy . '' 
 i stopped the flame but kept the lighter within his view . 
 `` sherry , '' i prodded , returning my attention to the woman , `` where 's lilla ? '' 
 she answered only after ghost had grabbed hudson by the leg and dragged him beyond reach . 
 `` george locked her in the basement , '' she said . 
 `` lilla threatened to tell the police about him if he did n't help her . '' 
 i squeezed her hand in reassurance . 
 `` you did good . 
 real good . '' 
 i 'd find out more about the antichrist 's `` activities '' later . 
 right now , i had to take care of lilla . 
 `` can i-i , i mean , may i get dressed now ? '' 
 sherry asked hesitantly , tearfully . 
 pity welled inside me . 
 i hated to see a human woman so beaten down . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 but i watched her all the while , making sure she did n't make a move toward my men . 
 i did n't think she would , but still ... as fast as her hands would allow , she gathered up her clothing from the floor and dressed . 
 i did n't want to , but i banded her afterward-just in case . 
 my vision was making me damn careful . 
 that done , i pocketed hudson 's gun . 
 then , just for the hell of it , i strolled over to where ghost was holding him and kicked the bastard in the stomach . 
 his breath whooshed out of his mouth on a pained cry . 
 `` you like how that feels ? '' 
 i girt out . 
 his only answer was a muttered , `` bitch . '' 
 `` band him , '' i said to ghost , `` before i kill him . '' 
 `` with pleasure , '' ghost answered . 
 `` i need clothes first . '' 
 ghost hefted him up and pinned him against the wall , his arms stretched behind his back . 
 blood dripped from hudson 's nose in a red river . 
 `` i ca n't go outside like this , '' he cried . 
 `` you ca n't f ** king take me downtown until i 'm dressed . 
 i want my attorney . 
 get me my attorney , goddamn it . '' 
 `` we do n't have to get you a damn thing , '' dallas retorted . 
 `` we 're a.i.r. , not the local pd . '' 
 i grinned . 
 the situation was completely under control , and i was able to relax my vigil-well , i slightly relaxed my vigil . 
 i would n't be totally relaxed until it was morning and i knew all of my men were alive and well . 
 now , at least , i felt free enough to leave them here with hudson and sherry while i took care of some much-needed business downstairs . 
 `` dallas , get him some clothes and lock him in the car , '' i said . 
 `` ghost , you and kittie see to the women . 
 i 'll handle lilla . '' 
 `` do you need backup ? '' 
 dallas asked . 
 `` no . 
 after i 've dealt with her , i 'll meet you at the car . '' 
 with that , i strode from the room and prepared myself to descend into hell . 
 chapter 6 i brandished my own personal id pick-my pyre-gun-as i inched down the creaking steps to the basement . 
 once there , i proceeded to blast the scanner to hell and beyond . 
 boom . 
 the scent of burning wires filled my nostrils . 
 my methods were swifter than ghost 's . 
 messier and louder , too . 
 but then , i did n't have to be subtle anymore . 
 lock taken care of , i kicked the seam in the center of the door with one solid strike of my foot . 
 wood chips rained to the floor as the door split open . 
 one lone halolight hung from the ceiling , swaying , casting thin beams around the small room . 
 lilla occupied the far left corner of this small space . 
 she was huddled on the bare ground , her knees drawn to her chest , her fingers locked over her shins . 
 the air here was as cold and damp as it was outside , yet she was dressed only in the half-shirt and skirt she 'd worn at the club . 
 at least she was wearing boots . 
 she calmly turned her chin until she faced me , and i saw a thick streak of dirt across her right cheek . 
 `` you do realize you are wasting your time ? '' 
 were the first words she spoke , her tone matter-of-fact . 
 `` whatever . 
 stand up . '' 
 i kept my gazed focused on her face , watching for any sign-a twitching eye , teeth nibbling on her lower lip-that she planned to bolt . 
 `` hands against the wall . '' 
 she slowly stood . 
 `` my brother will punish you for this . '' 
 `` perhaps you did n't hear me . 
 hands against the wall . '' 
 with a long , drawn-out sigh-hell , she was acting like a martyr here-she did as i 'd commanded . 
 `` do you care so little for your life , miss snow ? 
 my brother will find me , and when he does , you will suffer greatly for all you have put me through . '' 
 `` story of my life . 
 he 'll have to take a number . '' 
 my motions expeditious and efficient , i frisked her with one hand while holding my gun at her temple with the other . 
 i found a sharp little blade strapped to her inner thigh . 
 `` are you enjoying yourself ? '' 
 she asked as i confiscated the weapon . 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 i holstered my weapon and banded her wrists behind her back . 
 she protested weakly but allowed me to lead her back upstairs and outside without fighting . 
 i kept one hand on her arm as we trekked up a hill . 
 the snow was deeper than i remembered , and with every step , powder shifted onto my boot tops , freezing my toes . 
 the closer we came to the warehouse , the more she talked about her brother . 
 on and on she went . 
 `` he will kill you , '' she threatened . 
 `` kyrin has killed more humans than any of our kind , '' she boasted . 
 by the time we reached dallas , i longed to cut off my ears and give them to anyone who would take them , just so i would n't have to hear another word about her brother . 
 i gazed around expectantly , and discovered ghost and kittie were missing . 
 only dallas remained , with hudson situated in the back seat of our car . 
 dallas leaned against the door with his arms crossed . 
 his eyes shot daggers at me while hudson , who was inside with his hands still banded behind him , valiantly tried to remove the blue tape covering his mouth by rubbing his face against the headrest in front of him . 
 i raised a brow in curiosity . 
 dallas shrugged . 
 `` he was too chatty . '' 
 `` kyrin will - '' `` oh , for god 's sake , '' i said , cutting lilla off . 
 `` shut the hell up and get into the car . '' 
 dallas commanded the door to open , and i stuffed lilla inside . 
 a bulletproof shield separated the front and back compartments , so i had no fear she 'd try to jump into the driver 's seat and speed off without us . 
 when the door slammed shut , locking her in next to hudson , i glanced up at dallas . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 `` they took the women in for questioning . '' 
 `` they should n't have left without my permission . '' 
 `` your permission ? '' 
 dallas laughed , the sound cruel and laced with rage . 
 `` who gives a shit about your permission right now ? 
 what the hell were you thinking in there ? 
 that you knew better than we did ? 
 you took each goddamn room by yourself . '' 
 his tirade echoed through the darkness , as black and lethal as the night . 
 `` not only is it dangerous , it 's stupid . 
 you could have gotten us all killed . '' 
 i had to swallow my first reply , the truth . 
 he would n't acknowledge the fact that he was as susceptible to death as every human , that he was only a mortal , not a superhero , without serious damage to his ego . 
 so i simply leaned against the car and said , `` i have my reasons . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 he barked , incredulous . 
 `` that 's all you have to say ? '' 
 `` look , you did your job , and i did mine . 
 it worked out . 
 so drop it . '' 
 `` no , mia . '' 
 he slammed his fist on the hood of the car , then leaned down until his breath mingled with mine . 
 `` i did not do my job . 
 you would n't let me . '' 
 scowling , i shouldered him out of my way and took my seat inside the vehicle . 
 dallas remained outside for what seemed an eternity . 
 finally , he plopped into the driver 's seat and said , `` i 've already phoned pagosa . 
 he 's waiting for us at the station . '' 
 his tone was distant , the way he 'd speak to a hated ex-wife . 
 he was pissed , yes , and felt betrayed . 
 while i hated the distance between us , i 'd rather deal with those emotions than with his death . 
 i gripped the tops of my thighs . 
 heavy silence filled the car as we wound down the roads . 
 blissful silence . 
 and in that silence , a thought occurred to me . 
 i almost grinned . 
 dawn was only an hour away ; dallas and the others were alive . 
 he was going to be okay . 
 they were going to be okay . 
 we 'd soon be at a.i.r. headquarters . 
 nothing bad could happen there . 
 suddenly dallas began reprogramming the car , giving it a new destination . 
 it jerked to the side of the road . 
 we fishtailed before a snowy embankment abruptly stopped our spin . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i demanded , glaring at dallas . 
 his brow was smooth , his lips relaxed . 
 he blinked once , twice , but did n't speak . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` dallas ? '' 
 `` i have to free her , '' he said . 
 `` what ! 
 why ? '' 
 `` i have to free her , '' he said again . 
 his tone was as expressionless as his features . 
 mind control . 
 shit , shit , shit . 
 i threw lilla a furious glance . 
 she was staring intently at dallas , watching as he stepped into the night , skirted around the vehicle , and paused beside her door . 
 i shoved my way out of the car and positioned myself just in front of dallas , blocking his way to lilla . 
 `` look at me , '' i commanded . 
 he did n't . 
 `` look at me , dallas . '' 
 i waved my hand in his face and even snapped my fingers . 
 again , it was as if i were n't even there . 
 `` if you 'll just look at me , i can help you through this . '' 
 `` get back in the car , mia . '' 
 i knew by the coldness in his eyes that he would kill me to free lilla . 
 i was left with no other choice . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dallas , '' i said , but i did n't wait another second . 
 i wrapped my hands around his neck and squeezed , pressing against his carotid artery , cutting off the supply of oxygen to his brain . 
 in his altered state of mind , he did n't realize what i was doing until it was too late . 
 his eyes widened , and he wrapped those large hands of his around my windpipe . 
 before he could do any damage , his knees collapsed , and he sank to the ground , unconscious . 
 getting his muscled frame buckled into the passenger seat required more strength than i thought i possessed , but i was somehow able to do it . 
 `` go on a freaking diet , '' i bit out . 
 my body was already sore , and this just intensified every ache . 
 damn , but i 'd be glad when this hellish night was over . 
 i plopped in the driver 's seat while dallas slept peacefully , his features as relaxed as a child 's , his snore as loud as a freaking foghorn . 
 lilla and hudson-who needed to share a little of my pain-remained still and silent . 
 they probably realized i was about to snap . 
 all it would have taken was one gesture-one damn gesture ! 
 - from either of them , and i would have beat some ass . 
 i programmed the station house back into the console , and the car leaped into motion . 
 soon the a.i.r. building came into view . 
 the outside was plain , brown , and nondescript . 
 no windows , no landscaping . 
 a towering eyesore , really , that boasted flame-resistant walls and bulletproof glass . 
 as we eased into the parking garage , i noticed commander jack pagosa waited impatiently at the head of my parking space . 
 once the car had stopped , i emerged . 
 i stood beside the open door , relieved that i was finally here . 
 `` hey , jack . 
 you ready for this ? '' 
 `` what the hell took so long ? '' 
 he demanded in that gruff voice of his . 
 `` and why the hell is gutierrez sleeping on the job ? '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i watched lilla shift her body and attention toward jack and i knew what she was planning . 
 my fists clenched . 
 damn it . 
 that woman was a menace . 
 `` i 'll explain in a minute , '' i told the commander . 
 right now , i had to neutralize lilla before she brainwashed the entire force . 
 i freed my pyre-gun , shifted the lever to stun , and flopped back into the driver 's seat . 
 this time , i was facing the back . 
 lilla 's eyes widened as i lowered the separation shield and levered the barrel of my weapon at her forehead . 
 `` my brother - '' `` fuck your brother . '' 
 i squeezed the trigger . 
 a single blue beam blasted and paralyzed her , slicing her words to a halt . 
 god , that felt good . 
 i nodded with satisfaction . 
 i should have done that when i found her in the basement , but i had n't wanted to carry her . 
 the downside now was that i would n't be able to question her until tomorrow night , when the stun wore off . 
 oh , well . 
 that 's the price i paid for peace . 
 and i was now very willing to pay it . 
 beside lilla 's motionless form , hudson blubbered like a baby . 
 he 'd somehow removed the tape over his mouth . 
 the moment he realized i was watching him , he uttered a high-pitched , girlish scream that resounded through the sedan . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mia . 
 so sorry , '' he babbled . 
 `` i swear i am . 
 i 'll do whatever you want , tell you anything you want to know-just put the gun away . '' 
 i longed to squeeze a round at him , but the stun only worked on aliens . 
 something about their chemical makeup . 
 the fire beam , however , killed everything in its path , and i knew that 's what he feared . 
 `` we 'll chat a little later , georgie boy , '' i said , tapping his cheek with the side of my gun , `` do n't you worry . 
 and i 'll expect this same eagerness from you . '' 
 `` whatever you want . '' 
 his already pale cheeks became even more pallid . 
 i was n't sure , but i think he wet his pants . 
 i did n't want to look too closely to find out . 
 `` now , commander , '' i said , once again exiting the car . 
 `` what was it you asked me ? '' 
 his mustache twitched-i knew the sign . 
 he was n't amused ; he was furious . 
 he did n't like being brushed off , did n't like being treated like one of my lackeys . 
 his dark brown eyes were ablaze with emotion , and the lines around his mouth were taut . 
 just then , with his thick head of silver hair , his round belly , and his red flannel shirt , he looked like a psychotic santa claus . 
 `` i 'm this close , snow . 
 this close . '' 
 he pinched his index finger and thumb together , leaving only half an inch of air between them . 
 `` do you know what i 'm this close to doing ? '' 
 `` kicking my ass into next week , sir ? '' 
 i said , because he 'd made the threat a thousand times before . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 he straightened his shoulders and adjusted his collar , most of his bluster deflated by my lack of concern . 
 `` you have to follow the rules , snow , and that means answering your phone like everyone else . '' 
 `` i turned it off . 
 did n't need any distractions . '' 
 `` every member of my unit is issued a phone so i can distract each one of you any damn time i want . 
 remember that . '' 
 he pushed out a breath . 
 `` ghost and kittie are inside , but they have n't told me anything . 
 i 'm the head f ** king commander of this team , and they want to wait for you . '' 
 `` no need to do any ass-kicking yet , jack . 
 i brought you a present . '' 
 with a sweep of my hand , i motioned to lilla and hudson . 
 `` a suspect and one of the a.i.r. team 's finest . 
 george here has been a naughty boy and i think he can help us with the steele case . '' 
 dallas moaned . 
 he was finally coming around . 
 both of his hands massaged his neck as his eyes slowly opened . 
 he blinked , focused . 
 i knew the exact moment he remembered the evening 's events-our little jaunt into hudson 's , my refusal to explain ... the fact that i 'd almost choked him to death . 
 fire kindled to life in his eyes , making those perfect brown orbs blaze . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 i backed away from the car , my hands up in a gesture of defenselessness . 
 `` i had to do it , dallas . 
 you know i did . '' 
 `` i 'm still waiting for my explanation , '' jack interjected darkly . 
 `` help me get the prisoners in isolation , and i 'll explain everything . 
 to both of you , '' i added . 
 one at a time , they nodded . 
 thirty minutes later , jack had his explanation-minus a few of the seedier details . 
 i breathed easier because daylight was quickly approaching . 
 hell , i even felt like gloating . 
 i 'd thwarted my vision . 
 i 'd won this time . 
 dallas was still furious with me , but he was alive . 
 even ghost and kittie were healthy and whole . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 life was good . 
 lilla and hudson had been separated and placed in isolation chambers . 
 while hudson complained during the trek to his cell , lilla had thankfully remained silent , locked in the stun as she was . 
 sherry and the other woman from hudson 's - i now knew her name was isabel hudson , george 's seventeen-year-old daughter-were being questioned by ghost and kittie . 
 the only thing left to do was talk with dallas , but at the moment , that was impossible . 
 jack was n't finished with us yet . 
 the commander leaned forward in his high-backed gray leather chair . 
 he was seated behind his large oak desk , the picture of authority as he shuffled papers to the edge of the cluttered desktop . 
 the walls around dripped with pictures of jack 's twenty-three-year-old daughter . 
 his wife had left him years ago , so the only picture of her was the one decorating his trash can . 
 `` you 've done good work tonight , '' he said . 
 `` good work . 
 both of you . 
 you found the break in the case we needed , and you brought in suspects for questioning . 
 albeit damaged , but at least they 're alive . 
 unlike last time . '' 
 his eyes lit on me when he emphasized his last words . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i muttered with a shrug . 
 dallas and i were seated side by side . 
 we had n't looked at each other since we 'd entered jack 's office . 
 tension radiated between us . 
 `` problem is , '' jack added , `` we 've had another disappearance . 
 victim 's been missing since last night . 
 the roommate only filed a missing person 's a hour ago . '' 
 `` why were n't we notified immediately ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` at first , the officers in charge were n't sure this one had any connection . 
 however , i had jaffe review the notes , and he 's one hundred percent sure this case is connected to the others . 
 too many similarities , and too little evidence-which adds a bitch of a ripple to our case . 
 this latest victim is female . '' 
 dread rolled through me , dark and dangerously sharp . 
 i glanced at dallas for the first time since stepping inside this office . 
 dallas glanced at me . 
 this was n't good news we were getting . 
 in unison , we both turned back to jack . 
 `` a female ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jack blinked over at me . 
 `` that 's what i said . '' 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 i shifted in my seat , hating and loving every moment that passed and he did n't answer . 
 `` rianne harte , '' he said , glancing down at his papers . 
 `` spell it , '' i said , ice crystallizing in my blood . 
 he did . 
 my stomach churned , and i closed my eyes . 
 the arcadian had n't lied . 
 he had said rianne harte , but he had n't spelled the name , and he had n't specified that the victim was female . 
 i 'd misheard and assumed . 
 a dangerous combination . 
 he 'd also mentioned that someone else would soon be dead . 
 at least i could take the guard off grandpa ryan and the boy . 
 a real f ** king silver lining . 
 `` jack , '' dallas said , `` mia and i chased down - '' i gave dallas a barely imperceptible head shake that said , do not mention the arcadian male . 
 `` chased down a bottle of tequila earlier , '' he finished lamely . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i mouthed . 
 i was n't sure why i wanted to keep jack in the dark , but i did . 
 i was n't sure who this arcadian was , or which side he was truly playing for . 
 i just knew i was going to be stingy with the information i shared until i figured out exactly what motives lay behind those amethyst eyes . 
 `` you know better than to drink on the job , '' jack said , eyes narrowed . 
 `` first i catch you napping , and now you confess to drinking . 
 what the hell is the matter with you ? '' 
 `` got a description of miss harte ? '' 
 dallas asked , quickly getting us back on track . 
 `` red hair.green eyes . 
 about five foot six . '' 
 jack shrugged . 
 `` she 's a lab tech with kilmer , peterman , and nate pharmaceuticals . 
 they specialize in fertility drugs . '' 
 `` what similarities did they find between her abduction and the others ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` arcadian hair laid on the woman 's kitchen counter like a rose . 
 as with the others , there are no witnesses to her abduction . 
 no sign of foul play . 
 she simply disappeared from her home . '' 
 `` that it ? '' 
 `` hardly , '' jack said with a dark chuckle . 
 `` she had contact with two of the men before their disappearances . 
 sullivanbay and raymond palmer . 
 she was seen with each on two separate occasions . '' 
 `` this is getting complicated , jack , '' dallas said . 
 `` i know . 
 and i need these missing people found asap . 
 alive , '' jack added . 
 `` if you fail , well , you might as well prepare your assess for padd . '' 
 there was no humor in his tone . 
 `` i 'm getting pressure from the top . 
 they 're afraid the story will break soon , and they want answers . '' 
 fabulous . 
 we were working as fast as we possibly could . 
 being ordered to work faster was f ** king-tastic . 
 `` right now , i want you to go home , get some rest , '' jack continued . 
 `` we 'll debrief at noon tomorrow with ghost , kittie , mandalay , johnson , and jaffe . '' 
 `` one thing , commander , '' i said . 
 i 'd worked under jack for nine years . 
 he was old and mean , but honorable . 
 `` keep everyone-and that includes yourself-out of lilla 's chamber . 
 her powers for mind control are staggering . '' 
 `` i doubt she can penetrate my mind . '' 
 `` the government has yet to produce a workable mind shield , and until they do , you 're in danger from her . '' 
 he tapped a pen on his desk . 
 `` if i stay away from her and command everyone else to do the same , you 'll owe me . 
 big . '' 
 he should be grateful for my warning , should be telling me how sensible i was . 
 but no , the sneaky bastard wanted a favor , so he was pretending this was some big hardship . 
 last time i 'd owed him a favor , he 'd made me teach his daughter-who reminded me of barbie on drugs-how to shoot an old-fashioned road kill .48 . 
 for my troubles , i 'd spent a few nights in the hospital , having a bullet removed from my ass . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i asked wearily . 
 `` i need you to work next weekend . 
 we 'll be short several agents . '' 
 `` done , '' i said , and felt a keen sense of relief . 
 working extra hours was no problem . 
 it was n't like i actually had a life . 
 i had no hobbies . 
 no friends outside of work . 
 never attended family gatherings . 
 that was ... sad , i realized with a frown . 
 `` no one enters , '' he promised , stroking his beard . 
 `` not without your permission . 
 i 'll even have her meals delivered by mechanical tray . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` now get out of here , '' he said , waving a hand through the air . 
 `` the sight of dallas 's beat-up face is turning my stomach . '' 
 to dallas he said , `` a word of advice , sport . 
 the next time you 're in a fight-duck . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll try to remember that , '' dallas said , his gaze darkening on me . 
 we pushed to our feet and filed out . 
 the door closed behind us with a click . 
 then , silence . 
 benches and desks were empty , and only a few agents milled about . 
 most of the a.i.r. teams were patrolling the streets . 
 `` dallas , '' i said , then paused . 
 i noticed ghost standing down the hall , motioning me over with the crook of his finger . 
 his bald head gleamed in the overhead lighting . 
 `` do n't leave this building , '' dallas said . 
 `` we 've got a lot to discuss . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 he 'd reached his bullshit tolerance , and i did n't even try to stall . 
 `` why do n't you come with me to talk with ghost , then we 'll go to trollie 's for coffee . '' 
 he stared down at me , his expression hard , determined . 
 `` all right , '' he finally said . 
 `` you 've got ten minutes . 
 no more . '' 
 i arched a brow at his i-am-commander-of-the-universe tone and vowed to take eleven minutes , even if i had to sit in the corner and pick my nose for most of those . 
 we strode down the hall , the sound of our footsteps pounding in my ears . 
 the air was sterile here , as if someone had doused the walls with cleaning solution . 
 ghost led us into a small private room . 
 `` that girl is a certifiable whack job , '' he said the moment the door snapped closed . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 i asked , stepping toward the large two-way mirror that dominated the side wall and offered a secret glimpse into a smaller room . 
 i had my answer before he replied . 
 `` isabel hudson , the antichrist 's daughter , '' i said , at the exact moment he said , `` sleeping beauty , the antichrist 's daughter . '' 
 i studied her . 
 she sat at a scarred wooden table , her hands hidden in the folds of her clothes . 
 her hair was long and blond and as straight as mine . 
 her skin was sun-kissed , porcelain smooth , though it was her eyes that truly drew attention . 
 they were faultless ovals , a rich , deep violet framed by long , sooty lashes . 
 `` she looks like an arcadian , '' i remarked . 
 `` ca n't be , '' ghost said . 
 `` that 's not a wig , and dye does n't take to their hair , and if you had n't noticed , she 's got a head full of blond locks , not white , not silver . '' 
 i shot him a thanks-for-stating-the-obvious frown . 
 `` anyway , '' he continued with a shrug , `` there is n't room in her body for alien blood . 
 she 's twenty percent human and eighty percent insane . '' 
 he threw up his arms in a the-things-i-do-for-my-job gesture . 
 `` insane , i tell you ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 dallas chuckled . 
 `` did you make a pass at her , and she said no ? '' 
 ghost shuddered , and his face wrinkled in horror . 
 `` she 's seventeen , '' i reminded dallas . 
 `` if he had made a pass at her , i 'd have him arrested . '' 
 `` what 'd she do that was so bad ? '' 
 dallas asked . 
 `` the moment i stepped into the room , she began mumbling under her breath about mind control . 
 one of her hands made continuous stabbing motions . 
 and when i questioned her , she threatened to cut off my balls . '' 
 `` so she mumbles and likes to cut things , '' dallas said , trying hard to hide his grin . 
 `` big deal . '' 
 `` hey , i do n't see you rushing in there . '' 
 scowling , ghost gestured to the door . 
 `` by all means . 
 go ask the little darling a couple of questions . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` i want to talk to her . 
 girl to girl . '' 
 ghost 's shoulders slumped in relief . 
 `` if anyone can deal with that psycho , it 's you . 
 you 've got panties of steel , mia snow . 
 me ? 
 i 'd have pissed in my pants if i had n't had my gun . '' 
 he patted his jacket under his left pec . 
 he paused . 
 patted again . 
 his smile fell inch by inch , and he gave a disbelieving gasp . 
 i was already at the door , had already turned the knob , stepped out of the observation room , and inside interrogation , when i heard ghost say , `` my gun ! 
 she has my f ** king gun ! '' 
 i barely had time to react , did n't register that this was my vision coming to life . 
 isabel held a pyre-gun , and the barrel was aimed at my heart . 
 she had a blank look on her face , the same look dallas had worn when he 'd been mind-controlled . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 behind me , someone shouted , `` mia ! '' 
 as i reached for my own weapon . 
 suddenly i was shoved out of the way and felt myself falling in slow motion . 
 isabel fired . 
 a blast of sound and light enveloped the room . 
 a scream of frustration , fury , and fear lodged in my throat , and i ground off a round of my own before landing on the floor with a thud . 
 air abandoned my lungs in one mighty heave , and my vision became a spiderweb of black and white . 
 dragging in a breath , i shook my head to clear my thoughts , realizing isabel 's shot had missed me . 
 i was unharmed . 
 then a male body fell on top of me , bleeding and lifeless . 
 chapter 7 the drip , drip of an iv harmonized with the beep , beep of a heart monitor , creating a symphony of sound-an opera of death . 
 my head rested in my upraised palms , and my elbows perched on the hospital bed in front of me . 
 i was tired , so very tired . 
 the chair i occupied was made of hard , uncomfortable wood , but i could n't force myself to move . 
 when i was younger , after my dad stopped loving me , he 'd punished my every indiscretion by forcing me to sit in a chair very similar to this one . 
 of course , he locked the chair and me inside a small , dark room . 
 i 'd sit there , terrified and lonely , silently sobbing , sometimes screaming until my voice went hoarse . 
 the memories always left me ripe with loathing , but because of them , i could now remain motionless for hours and not utter a single complaint . 
 that little talent came in handy right about now . 
 dallas lay on the bed , his eyes closed , a machine breathing for him , slowly inflating what was left of his right lung , expelling the air , then repeating the action again and again . 
 only an hour ago , he 'd been declared dead . 
 yet one of the surgeons assigned to his care had refused to give up and had stood over him , beating on his chest , pumping him full of drugs . 
 incredibly , dallas had been resuscitated . 
 i 'd never had faith in anything i could n't aim or fire , but when the heart monitor sprang to life , i began to believe in miracles again . 
 a.i.r. agents had come and gone throughout the morning , just as doctors and nurses had . 
 not a single person that entered this room had left a ray of hope behind ; they 'd left only dismal condolences . 
 dallas 's injuries were fatal . 
 most of his internal organs had been scorched , and there was a six-inch hole in his chest , the surrounding flesh burned beyond repair . 
 no , they 'd offered no hope . 
 but dallas was a fighter . 
 he was hanging on to his life with every ounce of strength he possessed . 
 right now , i was alone with him , trying to force my life force inside him . 
 i wished to god he had family here , someone to cry over him , pray for him . 
 unfortunately , his parents had died years ago , and he had no brothers or sisters , no aunts or uncles , that any of us knew of . 
 helplessness overwhelmed me , helplessness so intense my body trembled with the force of it . 
 morning had come and gone , and now an afternoon storm beat outside . 
 i had n't slept , had n't eaten . 
 i could n't . 
 my stomach was a painful knot of fear , dread , and grief . 
 dallas was my best friend . 
 my rock . 
 he was an extension of dare , i guess , the brother i 'd worshipped and lost . 
 we balanced each other in a strange sort of way , and my life without him ... a shudder racked my spine , compounding the burn in my throat . 
 i gulped . 
 squeezed my eyes tightly shut . 
 `` damn you , dallas , '' i whispered brokenly . 
 i wanted to slap him , to scream at him . 
 i was furious , so furious , that he had pushed me aside and taken the hit himself . 
 i should have been the one to fall , the one to suffer . 
 the one to ultimately die . 
 i 'd failed him . 
 my shoulders slumped from fatigue as the surge of anger abandoned me . 
 my eyelids slowly opened , and i reached out with trembling fingers . 
 the pads of my fingertips stroked his cheek , along his jaw . 
 he was cold , and his once bronzed skin was now pallid , an almost translucent white . 
 if i 'd had tears to give , i would have cried until my ducts burst from the strain . 
 as it was , i could only sit here , helpless , and watch him die . 
 my hands fisted so tightly my nails bit half-moon crescents into my palms . 
 isabel hudson was dead . 
 in my mind , i saw the continuous flash of my gun , the girl 's horror-filled expression as multiple rounds of fire exploded in her chest . 
 saw her slowly slump to the floor . 
 i 'd killed her , killed a young girl who 'd had yet to experience adulthood . 
 on some level , i hated myself for what i 'd done , yet that did n't dull my desire to kill her all over again , this time slowly , lingering over every painful detail . 
 damn it , how had this happened ? 
 who had controlled isabel 's mind ? 
 not lilla , she 'd been deep in stun . 
 that left ... no one . 
 i must have missed subtle details in my vision . 
 god knows i 'd gotten some of them wrong . 
 i 'd had the human and the alien in the wrong places , thinking a human killed dallas . 
 how could i have known it would be a humanoid alien ? 
 i did n't know what species isabel had been , i just knew she could n't be hudson 's daughter , as reports claimed . 
 `` how could this have happened ? '' 
 i whispered brokenly . 
 `` go home , mia , '' a masculine voice said from behind me . 
 jack . 
 i did n't turn to face him . 
 `` i ca n't leave . 
 i wo n't leave . 
 you know me better than that . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` you 're no good to me like this . 
 no good to him . '' 
 `` then fire me . '' 
 `` like hell . '' 
 `` i just ... i ca n't leave him . 
 he needs me . 
 he has no one else . '' 
 jack paused a moment , and i knew what was rolling around inside his mind . 
 always business first with jack . 
 `` want me to reassign your cases ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` give you a week or two off ? '' 
 `` what about steele ? '' 
 i asked , though i was unable to summon true curiosity . 
 `` i 'll put ghost and kittie in charge . 
 they 'll get the job done . '' 
 with those few words , jack sparked the first stirring of ire within me . 
 he 'd made it sound as if i could n't get the job done . 
 `` that case is mine , '' i said with a trace of bitterness . 
 still , i did n't spare him a glance . 
 `` i 'll finish it . '' 
 `` no need . 
 it 's almost wrapped . 
 lilla 's in custody , and once she 's released from stun , i 'm sending kittie inside her cell . 
 hopefully , we 'll know where the missing men are by evening . '' 
 i gazed past the bed , past the far window , my eyes listless as swaying trees and glistening pavement came into view . 
 `` you promised me no one would talk to her without my permission . '' 
 `` that was before . '' 
 `` you 're making a big mistake . 
 if you allow kittie near her , you can kiss lilla good-bye . 
 she 'll be gone before you can pull your head out of your ass . 
 besides , i doubt she knows where the missing men are . '' 
 `` you 're saying she 's innocent ? '' 
 he choked . 
 `` not innocent . '' 
 i pushed out a breath . 
 `` just not the mastermind behind the murder or the abductions . '' 
 his brows winged up . 
 `` and you think this because ? '' 
 `` she lives by her emotions , does n't think things through . 
 steele 's murder was emotionless , thought out to the last detail . '' 
 `` mia - '' he said , then stopped himself . 
 he uttered another sigh . 
 `` if you want to close this case , '' he said , `` i 'll let you . 
 if you want to interrogate lilla , i 'll let you do that , too . 
 but you got ta get some rest . '' 
 `` losing faith in me , jack ? '' 
 i asked with a humorless chuckle . 
 my head arched back , and i blinked up at the sterile , white ceiling . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 i 'd lost faith in myself . 
 `` no . 
 never , '' he said , shoving his hand into his coat pocket . 
 `` there 's no one i trust more than you . 
 hell , you 've never let me down . '' 
 `` that 's not true . 
 i let you down last night . 
 i let everyone down . 
 dallas would n't be here if i 'd acted more quickly . '' 
 `` would you listen to yourself ? '' 
 jack scoffed . 
 `` that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
 you did n't know this was going to happen . 
 dallas made his own choice , and god himself could n't have stopped him from protecting you . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 i could have stopped him . '' 
 i pounded a fist onto the bed . 
 `` i could have kept him unconscious until morning , unable to work . 
 i could have postponed the hunt . 
 i could have made him wait for me at trollie 's while i spoke to ghost . '' 
 so many things i could have and should have done differently . 
 i 'd known , damn it . 
 i 'd known he was in danger , and still i had n't protected him . 
 `` mia , '' jack said softly . 
 `` you 're not thinking clearly right now . 
 you have n't slept in two nights . 
 you got ta get some rest , '' he repeated . 
 i turned my head , and our gazes locked . 
 his cheeks were pale , the perpetual red glow gone . 
 his flannel shirt hung loosely over his shoulders like he 'd lost a few pounds . 
 `` i 'm not a child , jack . '' 
 `` your eyes are red , '' he continued , `` your skin is colorless . 
 honestly , you look like shit . '' 
 `` thanks for the compliment , but i 'm fine , '' i said , though i knew he was right . 
 my mind was foggy , filled with thick morning dew i just could n't seem to penetrate . 
 my eyelids felt heavy , my body weak and shaky . 
 `` you 're about to collapse . 
 i 'm ordering you to go home . '' 
 `` fuck your orders . '' 
 i could n't summon the strength to yell , so my words emerged as a small , hollow whisper . 
 surprisingly , though , my ire grew a bit more . 
 i pivoted back to bed . 
 `` dallas needs me . '' 
 i did n't hear jack approach , but suddenly he stood beside me , his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` staying is n't going to make him live . '' 
 `` at least - '' i gulped . 
 `` at least he wo n't die alone . '' 
 god , that hurt so much to say . 
 i almost screamed then , screamed at god , at jack , at the doctors who could n't help this once vivacious man . 
 i had to bite my cheek to keep the sound inside me ; i bit until the metallic tang of blood filled my mouth . 
 jack gave my shoulder a squeeze . 
 `` he was a good man . 
 one of the best . 
 i already miss him . '' 
 shut up , shut up , shut up!my mind shouted . 
 i covered my ears to block jack 's voice . 
 he was talking about dallas as if he were already dead . 
 perhaps he was . 
 i focused on dallas 's face , so pale , so withdrawn . 
 there truly was no hope for survival . 
 i could n't say those words , however , so i said , `` he is n't dead yet . '' 
 `` no , but he 'll need a miracle to survive . '' 
 he gave my shoulder another squeeze . 
 `` it 's amazing how quickly a man 's life can change , is n't it ? 
 a blink of an eye . 
 a snap of fingers . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` a heartbeat . '' 
 one of his tears splashed onto my palm . 
 i watched as the clear liquid slipped through my fingers . 
 i 'd never seen this strong man cry before . 
 and knowing his own emotions mirrored my own ... a tremor racked my spine . 
 he had found some sort of release , yet i had none . 
 my emotions were trapped inside me . 
 i scrubbed a hand down my face , resisting the urge to bang my head against the bed rail . 
 maybe physical pain would eclipse my emotional pain . 
 `` is he suffering ? '' 
 jack asked softly , ripping into my thoughts . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no pain . 
 they 've got him so high , he 's probably flying with the angels . '' 
 `` i 'm glad . 
 i do n't want our boy in pain . '' 
 jack released my shoulder and strode to the room 's only window . 
 `` jaxon is taking care of the funeral arrangements . 
 i thought it would be too much for you . '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i said , my irritation rising another notch . 
 `` as his partner , it 's my right . 
 i want my cases , too . 
 do n't give them to anyone else . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 then , donning his usual gruff demeanor , jack said , `` be at headquarters tomorrow , one o'clock sharp . '' 
 he turned on his heel and strode to the door , only to stop before stepping over the threshold . 
 gazing over his shoulder , he pinned me with his stare . 
 `` i know you 're grieving . 
 we all are . '' 
 `` i - '' he cut me off . 
 `` you asked to keep the steele case . 
 you asked . 
 i did n't command you . 
 therefore you have a job to do , and i expect you to do it . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , massaging my temples . 
 i was grateful for his abruptness . 
 i would have crumpled under pity or gentleness , and he knew it . 
 `` i need you to question lilla and report the results at our debriefing . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , determination creeping into my tone . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 with that , he shuffled from the room . 
 i was once again alone with dallas . 
 clasping his cold , lifeless hand , i laid my cheek on the edge of the bed . 
 those two little actions caused every emotion i 'd experienced in the last hours to drain out of me , leaving only emptiness . 
 lethargy washed through my every hollow and crevice , claiming my limbs and , lastly , my eyes . 
 the last thought to drift beneath my consciousness before a swirling fog engulfed me was , please god , send me another miracle . 
 i came awake slowly and realized three things all at once , only one of them significant . 
 first , i realized that i had n't suffered through any dreams . 
 very unusual for me ; i always dreamed . 
 second , i was n't sure how much time had passed since i 'd fallen asleep . 
 third , the hairs on the back of my neck were standing on end . 
 as my senses became more attuned , i felt an invisible pair of eyes upon me , intense , observant eyes hovering over my shoulder , watching ... waiting . 
 i knew i was inside dallas 's hospital room , and i knew it was n't dallas watching me . 
 keeping my motions slow and deliberate , i reached for the gun at my waist . 
 then i froze . 
 my gun was gone . 
 fucking gone . 
 i did n't panic , though . 
 i had a backup strapped to my ankle , though this one was n't as competent , since it only offered `` hot '' and `` extra hot '' settings . 
 no stun . 
 i curled my fingers around the trigger . 
 fighting the urge to jolt to my feet , i allowed my eyelids to crack open a little at a time , gradually taking in my surroundings . 
 darkness had fallen , and muted beams of luminescence seeped through the beige hospital blinds . 
 i kept my head and body completely immobile as i shifted my gaze around the room . 
 there , in the corner , a man lounged causally in a chair . 
 i stifled a gasp when his features came into view . 
 no , not a man . 
 an arcadian . 
 the arcadian . 
 the warrior i 'd chased through the alley . 
 his energy wrapped all around me , strong , pure . 
 deadly . 
 a shiver tingled along my nerve endings . 
 his hair was thick and white and fell to his shoulders . 
 i pictured his eyes , knew they were the palest violet , almost crystalline , with a thin veneer of calm , like nitroglycerin just before detonation . 
 i knew his lips were full and lush , a perfect contrast against his ultra-masculine features , making him seem all the more dangerous . 
 he must have sensed my perusal because he blinked , a sensual sweep of his lashes , and said huskily , `` your friend rests at death 's door , tai la mar. '' angel of death , he 'd called me . 
 i jerked upright . 
 my chair skidded behind me and collided with the wall . 
 i had my firearm drawn and pointed at his heart before he could take another breath . 
 i knew dallas still lived because the gentle hum of his monitors filled my ears , and i could see the rise and fall of his chest from the corner of my eye , courtesy of the machine breathing for him . 
 `` where 's my pyre-gun ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my voice calm , even though my heart was tripping inside my chest . 
 `` your weapon is safe . '' 
 safe , my ass . 
 `` where 's rianne harte ? '' 
 `` i tried to warn you about her , did i not ? '' 
 he shifted slightly , creasing his black slacks . 
 the sleeves of his white tailored shirt were rolled to his elbows . 
 `` but did you heed my warning ? '' 
 i did n't answer him . 
 instead , i asked a question of my own . 
 `` did you take her ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered without hesitation . 
 `` i did not . '' 
 `` then prove it . 
 if you can . '' 
 `` i warned you about her , did n't i ? '' 
 i switched the safety off , making sure he saw , then narrowed my gaze , focusing on which part of his body i wanted to hit first . 
 between the eyes , i decided , leveling my aim . 
 one move from him , and i would fire first , ask questions later . 
 `` i 'm left wondering if your warning was meant to help me or taunt me . '' 
 he only laughed , a rich , throaty rumble full of genuine amusement . 
 the sound moved over me as softly as a caress . 
 `` you humans are so silly . 
 put your gun away , '' he said . 
 `` had i wanted to hurt you or your friend , i would have done so already . '' 
 unwavering , i held my weapon steady . 
 `` i 'm still interested in hearing why you gave me rianne 's name . '' 
 he shrugged , his stare becoming hard and gauging . 
 `` perhaps i was testing you . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` perhaps you failed . '' 
 `` and you 're here to give me another chance ? 
 or to gloat over my failure ? '' 
 `` actually , i am here to offer you a trade . 
 if you are as honorable as i have heard , we can help each other . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` the only thing i 'm going to help you do is find your way into a cell . '' 
 his eyes slitted . 
 `` i am kyrin en arr , and i have come for my sister . '' 
 lilla 's brother . 
 i should have guessed . 
 automatically i applied pressure to the trigger , but stopped myself before actually firing . 
 this man knew about the victims , and now he was connected to the case through other means . 
 he would better serve me alive . 
 `` so you 're the arcadian who 's murdered more humans than any of your kinsmen , are you ? '' 
 `` some would say so , yes , '' he said without shame or regret . 
 `` well , guess what , kyrin ? 
 lilla belongs to a.i.r. now , and with her history of violence and being a prime suspect in a murder investigation , we 're keeping her . 
 i 'm sure you 're aware that her crimes are punishable by death . '' 
 his face paled . 
 he was definitely aware . 
 `` i plan to see her executed , '' i finished . 
 `` she is not a criminal . '' 
 something cold and hard washed over his features , returning his color . 
 his eyes gleamed with dangerous intent , like the sharpest of daggers , exquisite to view , lethal to touch . 
 `` let her go . '' 
 `` yeah.right . '' 
 `` i would not be so quick to deny my request , were i you . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` because i , '' he said , studying me with an unnerving intensity , `` can save your friend . '' 
 i can save your friend . 
 those words beat inside my mind , causing white-hot fury to pound through every fiber of my being . 
 bastard ! 
 how dare he utter such a lie ? 
 how dare he attempt to offer false hope , simply to save his sister ? 
 eyes compressed to tiny slits , nostrils flared , i began adjusting the level of power on my gun to its highest setting . 
 i was going to have myself an arcadian barbecue . 
 a nurse entered the room . 
 i saw her in my peripheral vision , but did n't switch my position or my focal point from kyrin . 
 she dropped her chart when she caught sight of my gun . 
 she froze in place , her eyes a tableau of horror , her mouth open . 
 `` i-i heard a noise , '' she stammered , her features ashen with shock . 
 `` exit the room , ma'am , '' i told her . 
 i meant for the words to elicit calm and reassurance , but they exploded from my mouth with all the rage i felt . 
 `` i 've got the situation under control . '' 
 `` i-i-should i call the police ? '' 
 she stuttered to kyrin , as if he was the one in charge here . 
 `` i am the police , '' i shouted . 
 `` now get the f ** k out ! '' 
 nurse idiot did n't move . 
 then kyrin gave a slight tilt of his head , and she raced from the room as quickly as her feet could carry her . 
 my lips curled in contempt . 
 `` do you prefer original or extra crispy ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` because i 'm willing to fry you up either way . '' 
 he ignored me , and instead replied with , `` i gave dallas-that is his name , yes ? 
 - some of my blood . 
 only a drop , mind you , but he will live a few days more because of it . 
 were i to give him more , he would live out the rest of his life , healthy and whole . '' 
 `` if you wo n't choose , i 'll choose for you . 
 i say '' - i pretended to mull it over - `` extra crispy . '' 
 `` is his heartbeat not steadier ? 
 his color not brighter ? '' 
 i flicked my partner a quick glance , and my eyes widened . 
 yes , on both counts , i realized , shock pounding through me . 
 my hands stilled . 
 `` that does n't mean you helped him . '' 
 `` you disappoint me . 
 i thought a woman of your talents would be more insightful . '' 
 i bared my teeth in a scowl . 
 `` perhaps you require a demonstration of exactly what my talents are . '' 
 `` perhaps you require a demonstration of mine . '' 
 kyrin slowly rose . 
 he was so tall , i was forced to look up , almost at the ceiling . 
 i scanned his body , but i saw no evidence of weapons . 
 still , my heart slammed inside my chest , and my palms sweated . 
 i did n't understand my reaction . 
 i 'd squared off with aliens just as intimidating and won . 
 i was the one in control here . 
 i had the authority . 
 i held the weapon . 
 `` you 'd say anything to save your sister , '' i said . 
 `` i would say anything to free her , yes , but in this , i do not lie . '' 
 he stretched out one hand and reached inside his slacks pocket with the other . 
 gaze locked on mine , he withdrew a small but deadly blade . 
 okay , now he had a weapon . 
 `` stop right there , '' i commanded . 
 `` i 'll kill you without a qualm . '' 
 `` then you would never know the truth , would you ? '' 
 calmly he clasped the blade and placed the tip at his palm . 
 i was too fascinated by his words and actions to follow through with my threat . 
 his features remained expressionless as he sliced a deep incision from one end to the other . 
 blood sprang from the torn tissues , and the scar on my arm throbbed in reaction . 
 as i watched , his wound slowly closed itself , the tissues weaving themselves together and leaving the blood pooled in his hand . 
 he wiped away every crimson drop on his shirtsleeve , a red smear against pristine white , then revealed the perfect smoothness of his hand . 
 `` do you see ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i can not die , and those who consume my blood will live , as well . '' 
 my god , this alien was some sort of immortal being . 
 i did n't know what to think of that fact . 
 a lot of aliens had special powers , but i 'd never heard of one with accelerated healing . 
 i told him so . 
 `` that does n't mean it is n't so . 
 there is only one other like me , '' kyrin said with a shrug , `` but you will never find her . 
 so right now , i am your friend 's only hope . 
 my blood can save him . '' 
 that 's when it hit me , truly hit me . 
 dallas could be saved . 
 the knowledge rocked me to the core . 
 i was almost afraid to speak my next words . 
 `` in exchange for his life , you want me to set your sister free ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` that is all i require . '' 
 yes , i 'll set her free , i thought in the next instant . 
 i 'll slip inside a.i.r. headquarters , unlock her cell , and escort her from the building . 
 yes , that 's exactly what i 'll do . 
 excitement bubbled inside me . 
 then ... the enormity of the situation slammed into me with the force of an antique 9mm glock . 
 i closed my eyes , lowered my gun . 
 i could n't let lilla go . 
 six other lives were at stake here-the lives of the five abducted citizens ... and my own . 
 by setting lilla free , i would severely damage the steele case . 
 i might doom the very people i 'd sworn to protect . 
 breaking the very rules i worked so hard to enforce meant losing my job , my honor , the respect of my coworkers . 
 and quite possibly gaining a lifetime of imprisonment . 
 i 'd always feared small , dark places-a reminder of my childhood and a fear i had yet to overcome . 
 the cold , the complete and utter blackness . 
 the silence . 
 but i wanted dallas healed . 
 god , i did . 
 desperately , i wanted my friend to live a long , healthy life . 
 i had n't saved dare , but now i had a chance to save dallas . 
 opening my eyes , i gazed down at dallas , at the helpless man who now had a single hope of survival . 
 i tore my gaze away and faced kyrin imploringly . 
 `` what you 're asking is impossible , '' i said , guilt already crashing through me because i had n't shouted `` yes ! '' 
 immediately . 
 `` my boss would never okay such a trade . '' 
 `` i do not recall suggesting that you ask your boss . '' 
 no , he had n't . 
 i chewed on my bottom lip . 
 damn it , what was i going to do ? 
 i could n't allow dallas to die now that i knew there was a chance to save him , but i could n't release lilla , either . 
 `` the law states i must eliminate lilla once she is no longer useful to my case . 
 what if i vowed to keep her alive ? 
 to let her live inside a cell for the remainder of her life ? '' 
 `` were i to say yes to that , i would be supporting the very laws i despise , '' he growled . 
 `` laws that were made because your people fear what they do not understand . '' 
 `` our laws were made to protect us from uninvited visitors , '' i replied just as darkly . 
 then , as quickly as my anger appeared , it vanished . 
 `` please . 
 please help me . 
 help dallas . 
 i 'll beg you , if necessary , to save him . 
 i 'll fall to my knees right here , right now . 
 i 'll do anything you ask . 
 anything ... except free lilla . '' 
 his eyes glinted like opalescent steel . 
 `` mia snow on her knees before me ? 
 tempting , i must say . '' 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 currents of sexual energy sparked between us as we both pictured me doing more than begging . 
 `` me on my knees ? '' 
 `` actually , right now i would rather have your gun . '' 
 everything inside me shouted to deny him-a good agent never relinquished her weapon-but i closed the distance between us and pressed the barrel into his cheek . 
 i lingered there for two heartbeats . 
 `` i could kill you right now , '' i said , staring up at him . 
 `` but you will not . '' 
 no , i would n't . 
 scowling , i removed the gun from his face , saw the impression i 'd left there , and felt a small surge of satisfaction . 
 i turned the weapon hilt first and placed it into his waiting hand . 
 i did n't mention that i had other weapons . 
 blades were strapped all over my body . 
 i watched as he removed the detonation crystal from its chamber , rendering it completely useless , then tossed the gun in the far right corner of the room . 
 at least he did n't plan to shoot me . 
 `` i did as you wanted , '' i said , my eyes narrowed . 
 `` now you owe me something in return . 
 give dallas more of your blood . '' 
 `` i never promised you anything . 
 i merely asked you to give me your gun . '' 
 `` damn you , '' i whispered hoarsely . 
 i longed to jam my fist into his nose , but i could n't spill his precious blood unnecessarily . 
 i bared my teeth in a scowl . 
 the bastard was n't going to give an inch . 
 was n't going to negotiate . 
 he 'd stated his terms , and i either met them , or he walked . 
 `` i need time . '' 
 `` and so i will give you some . 
 but do not take too much . '' 
 his expression stubborn and determined , he strode past me , saying over his shoulder , `` without my help , dallas will die in four days . 
 remember that as you consider my offer . '' 
 as if i could forget . 
 he exited the room . 
 i did n't think about my next actions , or the consequences they could bring . 
 i knew what i wanted , and i was going to fight for it . 
 i followed quietly behind him . 
 the moment kyrin stepped from the building and into the cold air , i sprang forward , and my leg shot out ; i focused all of my anger , all of my frustration and helplessness , into the blow . 
 contact . 
 my foot hit the middle of his back . 
 kyrin stumbled . 
 `` say hello to size seven a.i.r. special-issue all-terrain boots with my own personal cleat attachment , '' i growled . 
 `` in black , white , red , and camouflage , you sorry son of a bitch . '' 
 i was going to force him to help dallas . 
 when he caught his footing , he whipped around to face me . 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw , and his lips pressed in a tight line . 
 `` you would strike a man from behind ? '' 
 `` i would strike you from behind . '' 
 my fists were clenched and ready for the fight i knew was to come . 
 `` i want your blood , and i 'll have it , by god . 
 every precious drop . '' 
 `` i am disappointed . '' 
 he tsked under his tongue . 
 `` such a cowardly action from one so brave . '' 
 `` not cowardly . 
 smart . 
 you 'll help dallas whether you want to or not , and you 'll help him now . '' 
 i kicked out my leg , but he sidestepped the action . 
 he once again uttered that husky chuckle of his , renewing my irritation . 
 `` would you like to bet on that ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' i said , and like a deadly catapult of fists and fury , i launched myself at him . 
 chapter 8 first rule of fighting : stay calm . 
 second rule : never let your emotions overtake you . 
 i 'd broken both rules the moment i began following him . 
 kyrin swept out of my way , and i flew past him . 
 the storm had died , but the sun hid behind angry gray clouds , offering hazy visibility . 
 because of the sheen of ice at my feet , i had trouble stopping and turning . 
 definitely not optimal conditions ; however , i would n't back down . 
 `` you do not want to fight me , mia . '' 
 i whipped around . 
 `` wan na bet on that too ? '' 
 i sprang forward again , intending to kick out my leg and knock him flat this time , but he reached me first . 
 he grappled me to the ground , pinned my shoulders to the ice , and imprisoned me with his body . 
 cold at my back , pure heat on top . 
 neither was acceptable to me . 
 `` still want to fight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` fuck yes . '' 
 i quickly landed a blow to his groin . 
 yeah , i intended to fight dirty . 
 he doubled over , and i shot to my feet , slipped , then steadied . 
 slow down , i commanded myself , drawing in a deep breath . 
 i could n't fly at him again , could n't give him another chance to evade or capture me . 
 a full frontal attack would n't work with this man ; his strength was simply too incredible . 
 i had to strike from the side , from behind , and i had to strike hard . 
 i relished the challenge . 
 using his prone position to my advantage , i was able to land a blow to his left side and knock the deoxygenated air from his lung . 
 he grunted in pain and sudden breathlessness . 
 arcadians were equipped very much like humans . 
 vulnerable in the groin , stomach , and head . 
 while he was busy gasping , i punted his left side again . 
 satisfied with my progress , i darted to his right and gave a booted strike . 
 this time , he grabbed my ankle and toppled me to the ground . 
 i lost my satisfaction , felt a moment of desperation . 
 we struggled there , rolling on top of each other , fighting for dominance . 
 i could smell the sweetness of his breath , the onadyn that kept him alive . 
 physically , he had me at a disadvantage , and we both knew it . 
 he could have attempted to smother me , but he did n't . 
 `` it does n't have to be this way , '' he panted . 
 think , mia , think . 
 i still had full use of my legs , and i made total use of them . 
 i gave a scissor-lock squeeze around his midsection , forcing him to release my arms and focus on my legs . 
 that 's all i needed . 
 with a four-finger jab to his trachea , his air supply was momentarily cut off in a whoosh , giving me the perfect opportunity to spring free . 
 my old combat instructor would have been proud . 
 i took stock of my options . 
 i had to render him unconscious if i hoped to win . 
 he 'd defeat me , otherwise . 
 i would have to be merciless , but stop short of killing him . 
 i needed his help , after all . 
 his blood . 
 i did n't want to spill a single drop on this cold , hard ice . 
 `` concede , damn you , '' i growled , circling him like a tigress locked on her prey . 
 `` you first , '' he said , still on his knees . 
 i kicked out , aiming for his head . 
 he swept sideways , dodging me , sending me spinning . 
 before i could regain my bearings , he was on his feet and coming straight at me . 
 just as he reached me , i linked my fingers together and swung , connecting with his temple . 
 his head whipped to the side . 
 he remained in place , hands balled into fists , knees slightly bent . 
 determination gleamed in his eyes . 
 `` i am almost done playing with you , '' he said . 
 `` play with this . '' 
 i launched a flying spin punt into his side . 
 i anticipated the crack of a few ribs , not a block . 
 but block me , he did . 
 i tried again . 
 somehow he was able to counter my every move . 
 he was fast . 
 unnaturally fast . 
 i followed the second punt through , letting my own momentum spin me again . 
 then i crouched on the balls of my feet and went low . 
 my leg struck out in a hard sweep as i tried to knock his feet out from under him . 
 he leapt above my leg like i 'd meant to play jump rope . 
 damn him . 
 his speed-no one was that fast . 
 no one human , that is . 
 quicker than i could blink , he advanced on me . 
 he used his weight to push into me , stumbling me backward . 
 when my body came into contact with his , the strength hidden beneath his clothing jolted me . 
 he was made of solid muscle , easily outweighing me by a hundred pounds , but he did n't once use the power hidden in his fists to strike me down . 
 why ? 
 i wondered , even as i punched him hard in the nose . 
 his head jerked to the side ; he made no move to counter . 
 why did n't he return attack ? 
 why did he go out of his way not to hurt me ? 
 there was n't time to ponder the answer . 
 too much was at stake . 
 the answer did n't matter , anyway . 
 right now i needed this man for one reason only , and his benevolence was n't it . 
 with some fancy footwork , i managed three successive lateral blows . 
 the last sent him flying into the windshield of a parked cherry red mustang . 
 his body bounced onto the hood , denting the shiny metal on impact . 
 he shook his head , trying to clear his vision , i 'm sure , since a jagged cut slashed down his forehead . 
 a shame about the car , but i wanted like hell to save the blood dripping off the tip of his nose . 
 i quickly jumped him , wanting to pin him , but he rolled out of my reach . 
 before my eyes , the flesh on his forehead sealed , turning from red to pink to normal . 
 that was twice now i had watched him heal so quickly , and i was still amazed . 
 he shot to his feet . 
 studying me all the while , he wiped the blood away from his face as if it were a pesky fly . 
 bastard . 
 he was taunting me . 
 his main blood vessel , the one that supplied deoxygenated blood to his brain , ran just below his breastbone . 
 if i could just apply enough pressure , he would crash like a test dummy . 
 i circled him , intending to do just that , but he surprised me by grabbing my jacket and tugging . 
 the ice at my feet aided him . 
 suddenly off balance , i tumbled into him , keeping a viselike grip . 
 his warm breath washed over my face as he leaned close . 
 `` now you will concede this victory to me , '' he ground out low in his throat . 
 `` when you have n't hit me once ? '' 
 i said , a cocky edge to my tone . 
 i 'd fought enough opponents to know kyrin had had plenty of opportunities , but i was n't going to admit that aloud . 
 his eyes darkened , revealing a hint of wickedness , and he leaned down until our lips brushed once , twice . 
 soft kisses , languid kisses . 
 innocent kisses . 
 and all the more searing because they lacked heat . 
 `` why would i hit a woman i 'd rather f ** k ? '' 
 he asked raggedly . 
 i felt the thickness of his erection between my legs . 
 i found myself dragging in air-not from exertion , but from arousal . 
 this was n't like me . 
 could n't be my feelings . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` get out of my head , '' i shouted . 
 `` i am not inside your head . '' 
 he nuzzled his cheek against my jaw . 
 `` your mind simply recognizes what your body craves . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you 're an alien . 
 an other-worlder . '' 
 he paused and our gazes locked . 
 `` what are you , mia snow ? '' 
 `` a pissed-off woman , '' i ground out , trying to push him off me . 
 i only managed to rub him against me . 
 i gasped , savoring and despising the sensation all at once . 
 i positioned my hands over his pecs , meaning to give a hard shove , but i only caused his ni ** les to press into my palms like little needles . 
 i wanted him off me . 
 now ! 
 end it ! 
 my mind shouted . 
 end the fight . 
 i had to find his weakness ; that was my only chance for victory at this point . 
 where was he vulnerable ? 
 the answer sprang to life the next instant . 
 i could use his unwillingness to hurt me to my advantage . 
 with luck , he 'd leave himself vulnerable simply to protect me . 
 with that in mind , i pretended to go limp . 
 as i 'd hoped , he released his grip on my jacket and caught me , holding me upright , leaving the rest of his body unguarded . 
 quick as a cat , i spun behind him , jumped on his back , and wrapped my arms around his neck . 
 i jerked him against me , hard , holding my fists square in the middle of his windpipe . 
 one , two , three , i counted . 
 he remained conscious . 
 `` i am different from my kind , '' he said casually , as if i were giving him a hug instead of trying to immobilize him . 
 `` just as you are different from your kind . '' 
 how did he know how different i was ? 
 i squeezed harder , but all i received for my effort was sweat running down my temples . 
 i was struggling to breathe . 
 my energy was quickly draining . 
 i had to try something . 
 not knowing what else to do , i slammed the back of his knee with the heel of my foot . 
 his legs crumpled , and as he fell to the ground , i doubled my fists and cracked him in the head . 
 his face snapped sideways and struck the slick concrete . 
 a pool of rich blood seeped from his mouth , and a murky stream formed where the warmth melted the ice . 
 my knuckles throbbed from the impact . 
 once again he healed quickly . 
 almost immediately , he pushed to his feet and whipped around to face me . 
 our gazes locked . 
 `` it seems neither of us will concede , '' he said , his tone raspy . 
 i was happy to note he finally appeared winded . 
 shattered glass and car parts were scattered about our feet . 
 the cold flurry zipped and gnawed at our battered flesh , but neither of us seemed to notice or care . 
 his hair danced in his face , but he never removed his gaze from me . 
 my skin felt too tight for my body ; my blood sparked with newly awakened awareness . 
 it had since the moment i 'd first seen him , but only in this moment of stillness did i become unable to mask the sensation . 
 i could n't force my heartbeat to slow . 
 i cursed under my breath . 
 i killed aliens . 
 i did not desire them . 
 `` what is dallas to you ? '' 
 kyrin asked . 
 what i shared with dallas was none of his business . 
 i knew that , but found myself answering , `` he is my friend . '' 
 kyrin 's stare became piercing . 
 `` not your lover ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that is good . 
 i do not like to share . '' 
 i forced myself to sound as cold and callous as any hunter . 
 `` is that what it will take to save dallas ? 
 sex ? '' 
 `` you will sleep with me because you desire me , and for no other reason . '' 
 the surety in his voice i could have ignored , but i could n't ignore the dark premonition that swept through me . 
 somehow , i maintained a neutral expression . 
 `` you 're that sure of yourself ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 he gave me a knowing perusal that mentally stripped away my clothing . 
 `` i am that sure . '' 
 i fought a shiver . 
 `` if dallas dies , i will kill you . 
 you do know that , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i know that i have not changed my mind , '' he said . 
 `` until my sister is free , i will not help you . 
 you have four days to decide . 
 then i will return . '' 
 damn him . 
 i closed my hands into fists and stepped toward him , ready to strike . 
 he only grinned . 
 `` until we meet again , tai la mar. '' he spun around and began to stride away , his footsteps echoing in my ears . 
 `` kyrin , '' i called . 
 the sound stopped him . 
 i do n't know why i 'd called his name , did n't know what i 'd wanted to say . 
 i only knew it tasted good on my lips . 
 i said nothing else . 
 when he began walking away for the second time , i stupidly called out again . 
 `` kyrin . '' 
 once more , he paused . 
 `` i will hunt you down , '' i said this time , `` and when i find you , you will help dallas . '' 
 he glanced at me over his shoulder , and said , `` i look forward to your attempts . 
 your attempts , '' he said after a pause . 
 `` and no other . 
 if i learn that other agents are searching for me , i will disappear completely , and your friend will have no chance of survival . '' 
 he left me then , his body swallowed up by the fog , his words echoing behind . 
 i stood alone in the hospital parking lot . 
 sure , i could have run after him . 
 but i did n't . 
 what would i do with him if i caught him ? 
 i did n't have my pyre-gun , so i could n't stun him . 
 and he 'd already proven we were an even match in a fight . 
 well , maybe not even . 
 our time of reckoning would come , i had no doubt ; sultry anticipation was already working through me . 
 now , however , was not that time . 
 exhausted , i stumbled back inside the hospital . 
 i 'd never been in a situation like this before , and i was unsure how to proceed . 
 i needed-god , i was n't sure what i needed . 
 `` this miracle sucks , '' i muttered . 
 nurse idiot stood sentry outside dallas 's room , surrounded by security guards , as she tearfully stammered her experience with me . 
 she dabbed her eyes with a tissue , short strands of brown hair dangling at her temples . 
 her face was flushed pink from her tears , the perfect offset to her bright purple scrubs . 
 the guards drank in her every word , every expression , offering soothing murmurs of comfort each time she paused . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me , '' i said on a wave of irritation . 
 `` that 's her , '' she cried . 
 she pointed a finger in my direction . 
 `` that 's her , '' she said again , cowering behind one of the guards . 
 all three men eyed me with distaste and edged toward me . 
 i did n't bother with an explanation ; i simply flashed my badge , and they backed off . 
 `` get me the doctor in charge of agent gutierrez 's case . 
 now . '' 
 eyes wide , nurse idiot propelled herself to the nurse 's station and shakily snatched up the phone . 
 five minutes later , i was about to pull out my hair-and the nurse 's hair-because dr. hannah had n't arrived . 
 `` page him again , '' i said . 
 `` but i - '' `` who paged me ? '' 
 a man asked behind me . 
 i turned . 
 dr. hannah was short , only five feet five . 
 he had a thick head of silver hair and equally thick glasses . 
 `` i need you to check dallas gutierrez and tell me if his condition has changed in any way . '' 
 dr. hannah frowned . 
 `` i thought this was an emergency . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` nurse walden - '' `` is busy , '' i finished for him . 
 `` i want you to do it . '' 
 obviously exasperated , he rubbed a hand down his face . 
 `` surely this can wait . 
 you called me out of prep . 
 i 've got an artificial limb attachment in '' - he checked his wristwatch - `` fourteen minutes . '' 
 `` then you 'd better hurry . '' 
 with a tilt of my chin , i motioned to room 417 . 
 `` unless , of course , you want me to call my boss and have him run a crime search on your name and every member of your staff . 
 i can return later and discuss the results with everyone . '' 
 `` uh-i 'm sure that wo n't be necessary . '' 
 he readjusted his collar . 
 `` dallas gutierrez , did you say ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` very well , then . '' 
 a long sigh seeped from his lips , and his eyes became heavy-lidded with resignation . 
 `` let 's have a look at him . '' 
 after taking dallas 's pulse and blood pressure , dr. hannah flashed a thin beam of light over dallas 's eyes . 
 he uttered , `` hmm , '' then repeated the action . 
 brow furrowed , he cut away the bandage over dallas 's chest and inspected the wound . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' he said , glancing at me , then back to dallas . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was at his side in an instant . 
 `` he 's actually improved . '' 
 excitement dripped from his voice . 
 `` his pulse is stronger ; his bp-blood pressure-is higher . 
 his eyes dilate and contract perfectly . 
 and look at this . '' 
 with a gloved finger , he pointed to a portion of the burned tissue . 
 `` see how the flesh here appears pink ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` well , pink indicates life . 
 this morning , that tissue was black , dead , and completely unable to rejuvenate . 
 now it 's alive and trying to grow . '' 
 when he began muttering about writing an article for a national medical journal , i gripped his shoulder and forced him to face me . 
 `` so dallas will live ? '' 
 `` i-i - '' grinning , dr. hannah scratched his head . 
 `` yes , i believe so . 
 for a while longer , anyway . '' 
 that was all i needed to hear . 
 `` call me if there 's any change . '' 
 `` yes , yes , '' he answered , distracted . 
 `` i 'm going to order a complete blood count and an intralateral biopsy . 
 maybe a cat scan to check brain activity . 
 in all my years of medicine , i 've never seen this happen before . '' 
 i wanted to smile and frown at the same time . 
 how could something so wonderful for dallas be so disastrous for others ? 
 damn it , i only had four days to save my friend 's life . 
 chapter 9 i went home and hit the bed fully clothed . 
 i did n't check my messages , did n't eat or shower . 
 my weary body ached and demanded rest , and the softness of the mattress beckoned like a knowing siren . 
 sleep claimed me instantly . 
 as always , dreams soon followed , though these were different than any i 'd ever experienced before . 
 i dreamed of kyrin . 
 i dreamed he stripped me down , peeling away each layer of my clothing . 
 his tongue moved against mine the entire time , his taste as warm and rich as brandy on a cold night . 
 unbidden , my hands tangled in the silkiness of his hair . 
 he tore his lips from mine , and i moaned at the loss . 
 `` touch me , '' he whispered . 
 even in my dream i tried to resist him . 
 `` no . '' 
 a slow smile teased his mouth before he crushed our lips together once again . 
 i released his hair , ran my palms down the sleek brawn and sinew of his chest , then cupped the hard mounds of his ass . 
 his skin felt like velvet , the hardness of his muscles a perfect contrast . 
 his body was as shaped and honed as any human . 
 better even . 
 bigger . 
 his limbs were laced with sinew , so hot , so powerful . 
 a girl could become addicted to such raw intensity . 
 `` i need you , mia , '' he intoned . 
 i clasped my hands over his jaw and brought him down for yet another kiss . 
 i tasted a swirling storm of hunger as his tongue swept into my mouth and attempted to conquer me . 
 utterly conquer me . 
 he groaned my name . 
 i awoke shouting his . 
 panting , sweat-soaked , i lay there , my hands fisted in the covers of my bed . 
 frustration clawed at me , his heady taste still in my mouth . 
 cool air stroked my naked , heated skin . 
 i sucked in a broken breath , hating that i felt seared . 
 branded . 
 kyrin was nowhere to be seen . 
 only a dream , i reminded myself . 
 only a dream . 
 except , when had i stripped ? 
 god , i need a hobby , i thought , rolling to my side . 
 however , nothing appealed to me . 
 i did n't have the patience to create things . 
 did n't like to paint , knit , or shop . 
 my only activity in my free time was to work out or train in street combat . 
 sometimes i read , but that was only research for work . 
 maybe it was time to stop living , eating , and breathing my job , though . 
 maybe then my dreams would quiet . 
 at least i was n't dreaming , as usual , of the aliens i had killed or the victims i failed to save in time . 
 i lumbered out of bed . 
 my legs were shaky . 
 after downing an entire pot of vitamin-enhanced synthetic coffee , i showered . 
 i 'd read that our ancestors had used water to bathe . 
 i could n't imagine such a thing . 
 dry enzyme and glyceride spray was the norm now , blowing over us from head to toe in mere seconds . 
 water would have cost a fortune and taken too long . 
 once dressed , i headed for the station house . 
 there i picked up a new pyre-gun , replacing the one kyrin had stolen . 
 i rode the elevator to level five , then underwent a retinal scan and fingerprint id . 
 i felt revived , centered , as i entered lilla 's small , cramped cell . 
 the click , click , click of the triple lock resounded behind me . 
 i 'd left my gun and blades at check-in . 
 physically , lilla was no match for me , and we both knew it . 
 i could take her down without the aid of a firearm . 
 mentally , though ... i just prayed i was prepared . 
 i was going to have to pump this stubborn , emotional arcadian for every bit of information she possessed . 
 i 'd probably have to lie , cheat , and threaten . 
 whatever i had to do , i 'd do it . 
 i could n't set lilla free-god , i could n't believe i was even considering the possibility-without finding the missing first . 
 not even for dallas . 
 i 'd admitted that much to myself already , and it still hurt like hell . 
 but ... if i found the missing men , as well as steele 's killer , i could set lilla free with a clear conscience . 
 sure , i 'd be breaking the law-all predatory aliens were to be executed . 
 i 'd fought to put that law into place , and lilla was definitely predatory . 
 i did n't care , though . 
 i 'd set her free and never regret it . 
 urgency , and a small trace of fear , embraced me as i took stock of my surroundings . 
 urgency for dallas , fear for the enclosed space . 
 the walls were stark white , padded , and there was n't a single window . 
 a cot was pushed against the north wall , and a toilet occupied the south . 
 there was nothing else in the way of furniture . 
 lilla lay on the cot , her hands folded neatly over her stomach , her legs crossed at the ankles . 
 she no longer wore her seductive clothing . 
 now she had on a plain blue shirt with matching pants , both made of stiff poly . 
 her eyes were closed , but i knew she was n't sleeping . 
 serenity might radiate from her every pore , yet i knew better ; i sensed her inner turmoil . 
 `` i know you 're awake , '' i said . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and waited . 
 when minute after minute ticked by and still she said nothing , i added , my voice taunting , `` how are your accommodations ? 
 satisfactory , i hope . 
 if the warden forgot to put a chocolate on your pillow - '' that had the desired effect . 
 `` damn you , '' she spat , jolting up . 
 her nostrils were flared , her eyes ablaze with hatred . 
 `` who are you to ruin the lives of others ? '' 
 `` i save human lives . 
 if i must ruin yours to do so , '' i shrugged , `` so be it . '' 
 `` you are so smug , so sure . 
 you will come to regret all that you have done , mia snow . 
 of this you can be sure . '' 
 a prophecy ? 
 or merely words of hope ? 
 either way , i suppressed a shudder . 
 `` my brother - '' she began in her familiar chorus . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 i know . 
 he 'll eat me up and spit out my bones . 
 the fact is , lilla , '' i said , casually placing my hands in my pockets , `` i 've already had the pleasure of meeting your brother , the procurer of human death . '' 
 i emptied my expression of all emotion . 
 i could n't allow her to read me , to see the truth , once i spoke my next words . 
 `` kyrin is in custody right now . '' 
 gasping , she stared at me , hard , searching for any hint that i lied . 
 when she found only a blank slate , shock and fear flitted over her features . 
 i had to contain my sigh of relief . 
 until that moment , i had n't known the depths of her feelings for her sibling . 
 i 'd only known how i would have felt if dare had been alive and taken captive . 
 desperate . 
 knowing lilla felt the same way about her brother gave me the leverage i needed . 
 as long as she thought i held kyrin 's life in my hands , i could use her love against her . 
 `` you are lying , '' she ground out . 
 yes , i was . 
 i held her angry stare . 
 `` kyrin would never allow himself to be taken . '' 
 she gripped the edge of her cot , her knuckles quickly losing all color . 
 `` allow ? 
 oh , no . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` he allowed nothing . 
 my pyre-gun gave me all the authority i needed . 
 you do remember the effects of stun , do n't you ? '' 
 another pause . 
 `` is he hurt ? '' 
 she half growled , half sobbed . 
 she leaned forward , anticipating my answer . 
 `` if you hurt him , i swear by your god i will destroy you and all you hold dear . '' 
 `` he is unharmed . '' 
 maintaining my casual facade , i leaned against the wall . 
 i stared her straight in the eye when i added , `` for now . 
 if he is to remain that way , however , i need an act of good faith from you . 
 a token of your appreciation , if you will . '' 
 `` you are a bitch . '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i am . '' 
 i slowly grinned . 
 `` but compliments are not what i want from you . '' 
 her fists clenched and unclenched , and her pale cheeks brightened with color . 
 `` what do you want , then ? '' 
 `` information . '' 
 `` about william ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she chewed on her bottom lip . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 `` for now . '' 
 a long moment passed while she considered my offer . 
 `` how can i be sure you will release kyrin ? '' 
 for one brief second , i hesitated in my deception . 
 i 'd always prided myself on my honesty , and each time i uttered a lie , a little piece of my integrity melted away . 
 then , like the click of a camera , an illumination of black and white , a picture of the four missing men , and now the missing rianne harte , flashed beneath my thoughts , followed quickly by an image of dallas , hovering close to death . 
 `` you have my word , '' i said in the next instant . 
 her neck arched back as she studied the white , patternless ceiling . 
 `` very well , then , '' she finally said , and crumpled back onto the cot . 
 `` where shall i begin ? '' 
 `` start with the first day you met william and end with you in this cell . '' 
 i wanted to know everything . 
 knowledge was power , and in this situation , power was everything . 
 `` i met him about six months ago . 
 he came to the club . 
 i knew he was married . 
 i knew his wife was pregnant , but i did n't care , '' she added defensively , daring me to challenge her . 
 `` i 'm not judging you , '' i said . 
 whether the man had loved lilla or not , he had n't been as happily married as his wife claimed in her report . 
 jaxon would have to talk to the wife about that . 
 `` when did your affair begin ? '' 
 `` a few days later . 
 he came back to the club . '' 
 `` mark st. john did n't mind that you and steele were sleeping together ? '' 
 `` oh , please . '' 
 she waved a hand through the air . 
 `` his opinion matters nothing to me . '' 
 `` then why are you seeing him ? '' 
 she gave a dainty shrug . 
 `` because it amuses me . 
 george likes it rough , violence excites him , but mark likes to be dominated . 
 sometimes i like one way , sometimes another . '' 
 `` did george hudson care about the affair ? '' 
 i stepped forward . 
 her relationships were about more than sexual preferences , i 'd bet . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 he hates william . '' 
 i closed a little more distance between us . 
 `` did he hate william enough to kill him ? '' 
 `` he is guilty of many things , but not murder . '' 
 there was conviction in her tone . 
 `` what are your feelings for george ? '' 
 `` he was a means to an end . 
 a bastard , yes , but i must admit it was nice to have an a.i.r. agent at my disposal . '' 
 her expression frosted , and i could tell i was entering territory she did n't wish to discuss . 
 `` surely i have answered all of your questions . 
 will you release kyrin now ? '' 
 i ignored her . 
 `` at the club , you mentioned that you 'd tried to tell steele he would be hurt if he did n't leave with you . 
 you said you tried to warn him about them . 
 who is them ? '' 
 a moment passed , then another . 
 `` who were you talking about , lilla ? '' 
 she wrung her hands in agitation , twisting and untwisting the sheet between her fingers . 
 finally , she replied , `` a group of exiled arcadians . '' 
 `` exiled from what ? '' 
 `` arcadia . 
 what do you think ? 
 idiot , '' she muttered . 
 i 'd been called worse . 
 `` why would these people want to hurt steele ? '' 
 more hesitation . 
 `` he had something they wanted . '' 
 i almost growled in frustration . 
 the woman refused to elaborate without direct prodding . 
 `` i 'm tired of prompting you , lilla . 
 tell me all of it . 
 what did he have that they wanted ? '' 
 edgy tension worked its way into my voice . 
 i was getting close , very close , to the answers i needed . 
 `` what did he have that they wanted ? '' 
 `` life , '' she cried . 
 she jolted to her feet and paced the length of the far wall . 
 `` life . '' 
 `` life . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` then you are stupid . '' 
 my jaw clenched . 
 `` do you know any of the other missing people ? '' 
 one by one , i ticked off their names . 
 with the questions now veering away from the exiled arcadians , her features softened , though she did n't slow her frenzied pace . 
 `` i am only familiar with the last one . 
 sullivanbay . '' 
 `` how do you know him ? '' 
 `` i do not know him . 
 i have heard of him . '' 
 `` from the exiled arcadians ? '' 
 i could n't help but bring us back to them . 
 her lips pursed . 
 `` yes . 
 from the leader . '' 
 `` and just who is the leader ? '' 
 her lips pressed together in mutinous silence , and her steps became wilder . 
 okay , i would come back to that question . 
 `` was your brother involved in any way with rianne harte ? '' 
 grinding to a halt , she blinked over at me , and i could tell she was considering each of her coming words . 
 `` he spent some time with her , but what they did when they were alone , i know not . 
 so if you want to know if he slept with her , i can not verify that . '' 
 an image of kyrin in bed with another woman had me fighting a crest of irritation . 
 with kyrin and with myself . 
 `` who is the leader of the exiled arcadians ? 
 i 'll need to speak with him . '' 
 `` the leader is - '' she squeezed her eyes tightly shut and drew in a deep breath . 
 her back was pressed against the wall . 
 `` the leader is atlanna en arr . 
 a female . 
 and the others are inconsequential . '' 
 atlanna ... the name sent a strange wave of that humming energy through me . 
 i do n't know why . 
 my chin tilted to the side , and i watched lilla for any sign of emotion . 
 `` is this atlanna your sister ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 lilla chuckled , an amused sound that danced throughout the room . 
 `` unlike your people , we are not named after our parents . 
 we are named according to class . '' 
 interesting fact , and one i had n't known . 
 `` and just what class is en arr ? '' 
 `` royalty . '' 
 she could be lying to impress me . 
 i was n't sure , and i did n't have the time to delve further on that subject just yet . 
 kyrin en arr , however , had the bearing of a king , so that fit . 
 `` let 's talk more about atlanna . 
 how did she know sullivanbay ? '' 
 `` they were lovers . '' 
 `` were ? 
 is he dead ? '' 
 i received no response . 
 i tried not to let my temper overcome my intentions . 
 most witnesses forced me to mentally beat every bit of information out of them , so in this lilla was no different . 
 usually i handled the situation with patience-at least , i liked to think i handled each situation with patience . 
 today , i was hanging at the razor 's edge of tolerance . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 i demanded again . 
 `` i honestly do not know , '' she sighed . 
 `` where is atlanna now ? '' 
 `` i do not know that , either . '' 
 we were getting nowhere this way , so i tried another line of questioning . 
 `` who killed william steele ? 
 do you know that ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she glanced away from me . 
 `` i think you 're lying . 
 i think you and your brother are involved . 
 i think your brother needs to be interrogated . 
 violently . '' 
 a raging fire flared to life in her eyes . 
 had i been closer , she would have attempted to claw my face apart . 
 `` no matter what you discover , '' she growled , `` my brother was not involved . '' 
 my back straightened , and my pulse leaped . 
 `` no matter what i discover , huh ? 
 that means there 's evidence against him . '' 
 a gasp slipped from her , as if she 'd just realized she 'd said too much . 
 `` he is not responsible . '' 
 nostrils flaring , she pointed a vengeful finger in my direction . 
 `` i 'm finished speaking with you . 
 i 've told you everything i know . 
 will you now free my brother ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you answered some of my questions , but not all . 
 i want to know about kyrin . 
 i want to know what the exiled arcadians desired from steele . 
 i want to know - '' `` get out . 
 get out before i kill you . 
 i do not know any more . 
 i do not remember . '' 
 my fists curled at my sides , and i remained in place . 
 `` you do remember . '' 
 she remained silent , but small phantom fingers began to pry at my mind , suggesting i leave peacefully . 
 the woman dared to try and control me again . 
 i ground my teeth together . 
 `` you want to be stunned again ? '' 
 `` get out ! '' 
 she screamed , and the pressure in my mind eased . 
 i 'd get nothing more from her now , that much was clear . 
 just how long would i be forced to wait for her to calm down ? 
 time was quickly becoming my greatest enemy . 
 `` i 'll leave , '' i said , `` but do n't think for a single moment that our conversation is over . 
 you and your brother 's lives depend on your memory improving . '' 
 chapter 10 i spent an hour in the gym , sweating out my frustrations , pounding my fists and feet into the punching bag . 
 i even utilized the virtual combat program , beating the shit out of computer-generated other-worlders . 
 unfortunately , my dark mood loomed even blacker when i strolled into the conference room fifteen minutes late . 
 i was determined to sit through this meeting and gather all the information i could . 
 even it if killed me-or i killed someone else . 
 i 'd already stuffed my car with the case files and secured documents from each abduction case . 
 secretly , of course . 
 i 'd paid mandalay to hack into the mainframe and add my name to the list of those allowed inside the `` confidential '' storage area . 
 as soon as i exited , she removed my name . 
 she had n't asked me why , just thanked me for the money . 
 when i got home , i planned to go through them line by line and see if anything had been left out of the copies given to me . 
 see , agents were always given copies of the main file , never originals , and the main file was locked away and strictly for top brass . 
 supposedly , the practice was meant to preserve the original document from tampering . 
 pure crap . 
 the government wanted their sticky little fingers in everything , that 's all ; they wanted to control what we knew . 
 and what we did n't . 
 conversation ceased as i eased into the only unoccupied chair at the table . 
 to my left was jaxon , and to my right sat jack . 
 ghost , kittie , jaffe , and mandalay , the only other female , were facing me . 
 behind them hung a virtual screen that contained five vertically lined pictures of the abducted . 
 beside each photo was the date , time , and location of each abduction . 
 below the photos was a map , each location pinpointed . 
 jaxon gave me an encouraging smile to show his support . 
 i nodded in acknowledgment . 
 jaxon was a good man , one of the best on the force . 
 a scar slashed from the top right side of his face to the bottom of his jaw-compliments of a rogue alien-yet he always managed to appear saintly . 
 maybe that was because he never spoke out of turn , never uttered a single sexual innuendo . 
 `` how 's dallas ? '' 
 ghost asked , his deep , rich baritone filling the space with sadness . 
 `` the same . '' 
 i wanted so badly to tell them the truth , that dallas might survive . 
 but i did n't . 
 if they knew about kyrin 's blood-and what i needed to do to get it-i 'd be banned from lilla 's cell forever . 
 silence hung in the air , heavy and heart-wrenching , as each of us became lost in our own private thoughts of dallas . 
 finally , jack cleared his throat and said , `` mia , mandalay 's been telling us about the harte abduction . 
 she 's taken over since johnson is sick . 
 mandalay ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she said briskly , shuffling the papers in front of her . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 harte was taken from her home a little after two p.m. . 
 her roommate , also her sister , claims they were watching movies . 
 harte went to the kitchen to make a sandwich and never returned . 
 there 's no sign of a struggle . 
 no indication of foul play or unlawful entry . 
 we have n't been able to track down the boyfriend . 
 kyrin something or other . 
 the sister did n't know his last name . 
 only that he 's arcadian . '' 
 `` interesting , is n't it ? '' 
 jack interjected with a raised brow . 
 `` that another arcadian is in the picture . '' 
 i did n't comment . 
 my stomach was too busy churning with dread . 
 kyrin had known harte , had dated her . 
 even lilla had admitted to that . 
 having an entire a.i.r. squad know it , though , did n't bode well for kyrin . 
 `` mia , '' jack said . 
 `` tell us what you learned from lilla . '' 
 i drew in a calming breath , then pushed the air from my lips . 
 `` she mostly glossed over things we already know . 
 however , i did learn that there 's another arcadian female involved . 
 her name 's atlanna en arr , and she was seeing one of the abducted men , sullivanbay . 
 she 's also the leader of a band of arcadian exiles . '' 
 `` mandalay ? '' 
 jack said with a quick glance to our computer expert . 
 `` already on it , sir . '' 
 mandalay 's fingertips flew over the keyboard in front of her . 
 curly locks of red hair fell around her temples and brushed her wrists . 
 by appearance , she was a commanding woman , tall , big boned . 
 by nature , she was not a fighter . 
 she worked better with probabilities and possibilities . 
 she paused , faced jack . 
 `` there 's no atlanna en arr mentioned in our database . '' 
 `` what about this kyrin guy ? '' 
 i asked , trying to be subtle . 
 `` he 's not listed either , '' jaxon said . 
 `` we already checked . '' 
 `` did lilla give any clue as to where this atlanna is ? '' 
 jack asked me . 
 `` no , '' i answered honestly . 
 `` think you can find her ? '' 
 what i thought did n't matter . 
 i would find her . 
 `` give me two days . '' 
 `` done . 
 okay , let 's recap the rest of what snow missed . '' 
 jack shot me an irritated glance , and i hoped that would be my only chastisement for my tardiness . 
 `` ghost and kittie questioned isabel and sherry yesterday evening . 
 nothing was learned from isabel , now deceased . '' 
 i heard several men mutter , `` bitch . '' 
 `` from sherry we learned a bit more , '' jack continued . 
 `` according to her , she 's known hudson for three months . 
 apparently , lilla paid her to have sex with him regularly , and the man never knew . 
 sherry said lilla promised to pay her a huge bonus if she got pregnant . 
 no luck , though . '' 
 very interesting . 
 `` why did lilla want sherry to have hudson 's baby ? '' 
 `` sherry did n't know , '' kittie said . 
 `` lilla introduced the two at club ecstasy . '' 
 he tapped his blue lighter against the table surface . 
 `` hudson had no problem screwing the two women , but the moment lilla started seeing steele , the man flipped . '' 
 `` possible motive for steele 's death , '' i said . 
 `` hudson was jealous . '' 
 `` possible , yes , '' ghost said . 
 `` but it does n't explain the other abductions . '' 
 i said , `` anyone talked to hudson ? 
 maybe he can help us wade through the crap and find the diamonds . '' 
 `` he wo n't help willingly , that 's for sure . 
 but no , no one 's talked to him yet . '' 
 a frown marred jack 's face as he twisted a pencil between his fingers . 
 `` he had his nose repaired this morning , and only returned to his cell a little while ago . 
 jaxon plans to question him after this meeting . '' 
 i eyed my boss , gauging his reaction . 
 `` so hudson does n't know about isabel ? '' 
 `` oh , he knows , '' jack said . 
 `` the good doc let it slip before surgery . 
 hudson did n't give a flying rat 's ass , though . 
 said his life would be calmer now that the girl was gone . '' 
 my eyelids twitched at such blatant heartlessness . 
 `` i want to be there when jaxon questions him . '' 
 maybe i 'd destroy a little of hudson 's attitude while i was there . 
 because he knew me so well , jack shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want you in the room . 
 you 're not his favorite person right now , and the sight of you may make him violent . 
 worse , he might refuse to talk . 
 i 'm not budging on this , '' he added when i opened my mouth to argue . 
 `` i 'd say the same thing to a man . '' 
 i needed to be there for that interview . 
 i needed to know what hudson knew-and i did n't want to wait for jaxon 's formal report . 
 `` i 'll observe from a two-way , '' i suggested . 
 jack studied me for a long while . 
 i fluttered my lashes , trying to appear innocent . 
 a sigh slipped from him . 
 `` all right . 
 you can go , but if i find out you stepped one foot '' - he held up one finger - `` one damn foot out of observation , i 'll kick your ass into next week . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 jack turned his attention to jaxon . 
 `` what did you learn from steele 's family ? '' 
 `` when i reinterviewed her , the wife admitted that he was seeing another woman , but she does n't know who it was . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` she claimed they were happily married in her first interview . 
 if she knew about his infidelity , why did she stay ? '' 
 `` i asked the same question . 
 says she was pregnant when she found out and could n't stand the thought of raising her baby alone . 
 says she loved him . '' 
 `` could have been lying , '' mandalay said . 
 `` true , '' jaxon acknowledged . 
 `` does she have an alibi ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 since steele 's disappearance , she 's been staying with her mother . 
 already verified . 
 i learned something else , though . 
 steele had dinner with an arcadian male the night before he was kidnapped . 
 kyrin , '' he said , checking his notes . 
 `` the same kyrin who dated rianne harte , is my bet . '' 
 my stomach rolled . 
 this was what lilla had warned me about . 
 this was what she feared would implicate him . 
 and by god , it did . 
 `` we need to find this man , '' jack said . 
 `` i want him questioned asap . '' 
 i could n't allow other agents to search for him , not with kyrin 's warning ringing in my head . 
 if anyone other than me searched for him , he 'd slip into hiding so fast he 'd have wind-burn . 
 `` what do you have for us ? '' 
 i asked jaffe , hoping to change the subject . 
 `` well , '' jaffe said , speaking for the first time since i 'd entered the room . 
 he was a small , nervous man , with thinning ash blond hair and wide-spaced hazel eyes . 
 those eyes always darted left and right , as if trying to judge his escape route . 
 he was damn good with numbers and patterns . 
 `` there 's no obvious mo for the killer . 
 there were two weeks between the first two abductions , but the third was taken only three days later . 
 and eight days passed between the third and fourth . '' 
 `` keep searching , '' jack commanded . 
 `` you 're missing something . 
 even chaos can form a pattern . '' 
 he turned his attention to mandalay . 
 `` what about the victim 's body ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , '' mandalay responded , `` there was no blood evidence . 
 nor was there anything under his fingernails . 
 no fibers-alien or human-to indicate where he was held or how he was transported . 
 the voice recorders around the area have no alien recordings at any time on the day of the murder . '' 
 `` what about rianne harte 's home ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` what was found there ? '' 
 mandalay shook her head , sending red curls flying . 
 `` nothing , sir . '' 
 `` wonderful . 
 just f ** king wonderful . 
 i expected better than this . '' 
 jack shoved to his feet and strode to the side table . 
 he poured himself a cup of coffee , then drained the steamy liquid in one gulp . 
 he turned back to us . 
 `` we 're no closer to finding the victims than we were yesterday . 
 pressure is rising , people , and will continue to do so until we 're successful or we lose our jobs . '' 
 `` let 's go back to this kyrin character , '' ghost said . 
 `` he was seen with victim number one the night before the abduction . 
 he was also dating harte . 
 there 's a possibility he knew the others and had some sort of contact with them . 
 so my question is , who 's going to hunt him ? '' 
 `` let me take care that , '' i said , hoping i did n't sound too eager . 
 `` you 're finding atlanna , remember ? '' 
 jack said . 
 i spread my arms wide . 
 `` and i ca n't do both ? '' 
 `` you 're not super woman , '' kittie remarked with a grin . 
 `` no , '' ghost said with a grin of his own . 
 `` she 's super bitch . '' 
 laughter rippled through the room , the kind of rough , biting laughter that came from people who encountered depravity on a daily basis . 
 jaxon tried to hold his amusement back , but soon gave up and burst into guffaws . 
 even i lost my scowl and had to smile . 
 i was a super bitch . 
 `` fine , '' jack said . 
 `` kyrin 's yours . '' 
 those words affected me on a deep , primal level . 
 mine , i thought . 
 all mine . 
 standing , jack slapped his hands against the table surface . 
 `` all right , people . 
 you know what you 're supposed to do . 
 so get it done . '' 
 i accompanied jaxon down the long , winding corridor that led to a.i.r. sector five . 
 our id cards allowed us to bypass the motion detectors , the heat sensors , and the weight-sensitive floor tiles without a single pause . 
 jack had dismissed us five minutes ago , and i 'd already called dallas 's doctor twice . 
 the first time , he put me on hold . 
 the second , he did n't make the same mistake . 
 i learned dallas 's tissues were indeed rejuvenating . 
 dr. hannah had discovered a foreign chemical in dallas 's blood , a substance he 'd never encountered before , and he 'd treated both aliens and humans . 
 i knew the chemical came from kyrin . 
 the good doctor was running more tests , but as of now , dallas was stable . 
 still , i could n't help but hear a countdown in my head . 
 three more days until kyrin reappeared , demanding his sister-unless i found him first . 
 `` you ready for this ? '' 
 jaxon asked . 
 he gazed down at me , his features tight with concentration . 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 i forced dallas and kyrin to the back of my mind . 
 i had to concentrate on the here and now . 
 when we reached the end of the hallway , we waited at the metal security station doors . 
 `` after you , jaxon , '' i said . 
 he positioned his head in front of the blinking blue retinal scan . 
 the computer said , `` scanning now , '' and flashed the light over his entire face . 
 `` thank you , jaxon tramain . '' 
 jaxon straightened his shoulders and flicked me a glance . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 god , i hated these things . 
 i rested my chin in the recession plate , and the metal monster clamped onto my head for a full optical scan . 
 if one of the antiquated lasers ever received a power surge , i 'd be sentenced to permanent medical leave and given an sga , a sightseeing guidance automaton . 
 `` thank you , mia snow , '' the computer said , releasing me . 
 now that our identities were verified , we endured a simultaneous palm scan and the doors buzzed open . 
 we entered a long white hallway . 
 to both our left and right sides were sealed entrances , each leading to private cells . 
 these rooms were rarely occupied for long . 
 other-worlders brought in were usually interrogated within hours . 
 then they were either set free if exonerated , or executed if guilty . 
 it was that simple . 
 i passed lilla 's cell . 
 thirty-two . 
 and kept my gaze straight ahead . 
 i 'd worry about her later . 
 cell 66 , our destination , was hudson 's location-which lacked one more six to be accurate , to my way of thinking . 
 he was human , yes , but he was involved in an alien investigation , so here he stayed . 
 the bastard would be treated with the rights of an earth-born citizen , but he sure as hell did n't deserve it . 
 when we arrived at our destination , jaxon placed his hand on scanner 66a , and i placed my hand on scanner 66b . 
 a yellow light enveloped our fingertips . 
 `` do n't believe anything i say , okay ? '' 
 jaxon said . 
 `` you know i have to tell him what he wants to hear if i hope to get any information . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` just do n't kill me afterward . '' 
 `` hey , do me a favor and ask hudson about his daughter . 
 ask him why he claimed an alien as his own . '' 
 `` alien ? '' 
 jaxon blinked . 
 `` you think isabel was alien ? 
 which species ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 ask him that , too . '' 
 he nodded just as the lock above each door buzzed , allowing our entrance . 
 wiping all expression from his face , jaxon stepped inside hudson 's cell . 
 i entered observation . 
 from the two-way , i saw that hudson lay on his cot . 
 a bandage covered his nose , and his eyes were swollen and ringed with bruises . 
 as if to the beat of a drum , he moaned every other second . 
 jaxon strode to the edge of the cot , squatted , and peered at the injured man . 
 `` you okay , george ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you in pain ? '' 
 hudson blinked , but did n't move . 
 `` do i look like i 'm in pain ? '' 
 his voice was nasal and pinched . 
 `` asshole , '' he muttered . 
 as if he was n't laughing smugly on the inside , jaxon uttered a sympathetic sigh . 
 `` want some meds ? '' 
 `` what i want is for you to get the hell out . '' 
 jaxon features softened . 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 you 're in trouble , george , and we both know it . 
 let me help you . '' 
 i knew jaxon was deliberately using his first name . 
 made him seem friendlier , more personable . 
 but hudson did n't take the bait . 
 hell , he 'd had the same training we 'd had . 
 `` help me ? '' 
 he squeaked out , turning his head and riveting his eyes on jaxon . 
 he would have shouted if his nose had n't been packed full of gauze . 
 `` you do n't give a shit about me . '' 
 `` you 're an agent . 
 of course i care , '' jaxon said , as if that explained everything . 
 his expression was so compassionate , i almost believed him . 
 `` besides , we have something in common . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he leaned forward , like he was sharing a great secret . 
 `` we both hate mia snow , '' he whispered . 
 that seemed to defuse hudson 's anger . 
 jaxon , you are so good , i thought . 
 `` i thought everyone here worshipped that bitch . '' 
 `` not me . 
 she took my promotion . 
 i should have become squad leader , but she slept with pagosa , and he gave it to her . '' 
 `` no shit ? '' 
 hudson 's ears perked , and his lips cocked . 
 he propped himself on his elbows . 
 `` i always figured she was blowing pagosa to get ahead . '' 
 jaxon flicked a glance to the mirror . 
 to me . 
 his eyes were sparkling with mischief , but his tone was dead serious . 
 `` she 's a girl . 
 that 's the only way she can get ahead . '' 
 if anyone else had uttered those words , i would have burst into that cell and pounded some ass . 
 but jaxon 's comment had worked . 
 hudson now considered him a freaking genius . 
 `` damn right , '' hudson said , slamming his fist onto the cot . 
 `` i could eat that bitch for breakfast , then make her beg for more . '' 
 maintaining his friendly , casual tone , jaxon said , `` mia thinks you killed steele . '' 
 `` that 's bullshit . '' 
 hudson jerked to a sitting position , grimaced , then sank back onto the bed . 
 `` that 's bullshit , '' he repeated . 
 `` i did n't have anything to do with that . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i told her . 
 he 's innocent , i said . 
 know what she did after that ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she laughed in my face . '' 
 `` dumb bitch , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i swear , i 'd like five minutes alone with her . 
 i 'd teach her a few things about men . 
 real men . 
 not those pu ** y-assed losers she works with . '' 
 jaxon nodded his agreement , and did n't point out that he himself worked with me . 
 `` you have to help me here , george . 
 i need some information so i can prove your innocence and tell queen bitch go to hell . '' 
 `` what do you need to know ? '' 
 he asked , his tone dripping resignation . 
 `` why do n't you tell me about lilla , '' jaxon said . 
 `` sherry says you were jealous of her relationship with steele . '' 
 `` sherry does n't know shit . '' 
 `` dumb as a box of rocks , is she ? '' 
 hudson chuckled . 
 `` i like that . 
 dumb as a box of rocks . 
 describes her perfectly . '' 
 `` sherry says lilla paid her to sleep with you . 
 that lilla wanted her to have your baby . '' 
 `` did n't take me long to figure out that 's what was going on . 
 use my condom , sherry said , as if i could n't see a hole the size of a goddamn crater in the middle of it . '' 
 `` what 'd you do ? '' 
 `` i confronted her . 
 she told me about lilla paying her , so i confronted lilla too . 
 lilla said she could n't have children of her own , but she wanted a baby . 
 i think she was going to give the brat to steele , maybe entice him away from his wife . '' 
 `` i bet that made you mad . '' 
 `` mad ? 
 hell , i went ballistic . '' 
 `` what 'd you do to punish the women ? '' 
 `` i slapped sherry around a little-women need that every now and again to keep them in line . 
 then i arrested lilla for prostitution . 
 scared the shit out of her , too , '' he said on a laugh . 
 `` what happened after that ? '' 
 `` lilla begged me to let her out . 
 i thought she 'd see me as her hero , you know , but the bitch took off with steele the moment i freed her . '' 
 `` is that why you moved sherry into your house ? 
 so you could get back at lilla ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm a man . 
 i have needs . 
 she 's easy , and she had no place to go . '' 
 `` do n't you worry about her trying to trick you into getting her pregnant ? '' 
 he laughed , a sound full of evil enjoyment . 
 `` i had a vasectomy right after isabel was born . 
 neither woman ever suspected . '' 
 jaxon muttered , `` smart man , '' and i could tell he wanted to choke the life out of hudson . 
 the lines around his mouth were taut . 
 his eyes were slightly narrowed . 
 `` how badly did you want steele out of the picture ? '' 
 `` bad . 
 real bad . 
 but not enough to kill him , '' hudson added quickly . 
 `` i just told his wife he was screwing around on her . 
 that put a stop to things real quick . 
 steele wanted nothing to do with lilla after that . '' 
 `` i can just imagine how lilla took the rejection . '' 
 `` beat the shit out of him . 
 he deserved it , so i was n't too upset with her about it . '' 
 `` women . '' 
 jaxon shook his head . 
 he paused for effect . 
 `` out of curiosity , do you know anything about a group of exiled arcadians ? 
 i 'm trying to prove they 're responsible . '' 
 i loved how jaxon so expertly wove his questions with his sympathy and his desire to `` help , '' luring his unsuspecting victim deeper into his web of false comfort . 
 `` yeah , i know them , '' hudson answered . 
 `` they 're led by a female . 
 atlanna . '' 
 `` do you know where i can find her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've only seen her once , and she did n't stay around to chat . 
 she 's real secretive . 
 looks like lilla , but taller . 
 and she 's got a god complex like you would n't believe . 
 like mia , she thinks she controls the fate of the world , and she 's a real bitch , if you know what i mean . '' 
 `` oh , i know exactly what you mean . '' 
 maintaining his good-natured expression , jaxon massaged the back of his neck . 
 `` did lilla ever mention a man named kyrin ? '' 
 `` yeah , he 's her brother . '' 
 `` good guy ? '' 
 `` freaky . '' 
 hudson 's voice was growing softer , as if he were suddenly having trouble keeping himself awake . 
 `` when he looks at you , it feels like he 's looking into your soul . 
 he 's strong , too . 
 the man could probably crush us all with one swipe of his hand . '' 
 his mouth opened wide in a yawn . 
 `` i can tell you 're tired , george . 
 i just have a few more questions , and then i 'll let you get some rest . 
 was isabel really your daughter , or was she alien ? '' 
 `` what the hell kind of dumb-ass question is that ? 
 of course she was my daughter . '' 
 `` there was no chance - '' `` i told you , she was mine , '' hudson said sleepily . 
 `` thanks , man . 
 that 's all i needed to know . '' 
 jaxon left the cell and peeked around the observation door . 
 `` is it safe to come in ? '' 
 he asked me , his cheeks red with a blush . 
 `` it 's safe . 
 he was lying about isabel , he had to be . '' 
 she was the alien in my vision . 
 i just did n't know why hudson would lie about something like that . 
 i let it go , though . 
 for now . 
 jaxon entered fully , then closed the door behind him with a click . 
 `` what a bastard , '' he said , his tone sickened and disgusted as he repeated my thoughts . 
 `` that man deserves pain . 
 lots and lots of pain . '' 
 `` at least we 've confirmed atlanna 's existence . '' 
 `` and kyrin 's , as well . 
 what if he , lilla , and atlanna are working together ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i mean , i can see that for steele-lilla wanted steele , he rejected her , so the brother and atlanna get angry-but what about the other abductions ? 
 no motive . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'll question lilla again tomorrow and see what i can learn . 
 tonight - '' i clamped my mouth shut the moment i realized i was about to tell him my plans to search for kyrin . 
 yet , that quickly , i came to another realization . 
 i could n't do this on my own . 
 i could n't search for kyrin , search for atlanna , read case files , study crime scene photos , endure another interrogation with lilla , and find the missing men-all in three days . 
 i needed someone i trusted to assist me . 
 who better than jaxon ? 
 i studied his face . 
 despite his scar , he was a sensually handsome man . 
 his eyes were more silver than blue , his nose slightly crooked from being broken one too many times . 
 soft lips , strong chin . 
 he wore his dark , slightly curly hair shaggy so it always looked windblown . 
 he was regarding me with kindness and concern . 
 `` tonight , '' i continued , after dragging in and pushing out a deep breath , `` i need your help . '' 
 he did n't even pause . 
 `` whatever i can do , i will . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` i 'll hold you to that , jaxon . 
 i 'll hold you to that . '' 
 chapter 11 i drove jaxon to trollie 's , a cafe and bar situated a few miles from headquarters and the only restaurant open twenty-four hours . 
 on any given day and at any given time , the place was packed from end to end with a.i.r. agents , both on and off duty . 
 the food was mediocre , but the atmosphere was exceptional-dimmed lighting , soft , relaxing music , and raunchy agents cracking dirty jokes . 
 a five-star meal could n't compare to that . 
 during the drive , i filled jaxon in on kyrin , dallas , and lilla . 
 i left out nothing . 
 jaxon never once interrupted me . 
 when i had finished , i waited for some type of response from him . 
 only silence greeted me , and several minutes ticked away . 
 `` so , '' i said , flicking him a quick glance , `` do you still want to help me ? '' 
 he stared out the passenger window . 
 `` give me some time to digest this . 
 that 's a lot to throw at a man . '' 
 time was the only thing i did n't have . 
 `` you 've got until we 're seated at trollie 's . 
 if you wo n't help me , i 'll have to find someone else . '' 
 he hissed out a breath between his teeth , filling the car with a soft whistle . 
 `` are you always this impatient ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` i bet you drove dallas crazy . '' 
 `` you could make a fortune on that bet . '' 
 we made the rest of the drive in silence . 
 a few minutes later , we eased onto a gravel drive and parked in front of a cheap orange boxcar , elongated for space . 
 outside , the air was cold and quiet , scented with car exhaust . 
 when i pulled open the brass-handled door , a volley of drunken chatter spilled out . 
 we cut through a thick haze of cigarette smoke-like we were going to arrest each other for smoking-and meandering bodies . 
 as usual , the place was jammed . 
 we had to shoot the shit with several agents we knew before snagging a back corner booth . 
 dallas and i had spent many evenings here . 
 neither of us liked to cook . 
 i tried , but the end result was always burned slop . 
 we 'd laughed in here , relaxed in here . 
 he deserved more nights like that . 
 we punched our order into the wall unit , and soon molly , a cute blond , brought our drinks and scampered away . 
 jaxon , the consummate health nut , had requested water with a lemon twist . 
 me ? 
 i wanted the strongest , blackest coffee they had , laced with a shot of pure , undiluted caffeine . 
 i 'm sure injecting crude oil into my veins would have been easier on my body , but i did n't care . 
 i downed the burning liquid , then signaled for a refill . 
 i was like a boozehound with a brand-new bottle of tequila . 
 `` my god , mia , you trying to kill yourself there ? '' 
 jaxon asked with a laugh . 
 `` just trying to survive . '' 
 `` is that how you stay so slim ? 
 living on caffeine ? '' 
 i shrugged and watched him through the thick shield of my lashes . 
 i 'd had enough pleasantries ; i wanted to get down to business . 
 `` so are you in or out ? '' 
 jaxon understood what i was asking and stared at me across the speckled yellow tabletop . 
 `` let me see if i have this straight . '' 
 shadows and light played across his features as the lamp above us swayed , illuminating his scar , giving him a menacing quality . 
 `` kyrin - '' `` no names , '' i interrupted , giving a pointed nod to the other agents present . 
 `` the brother can save our friend 's life . 
 in return , he wants the sister released . 
 and he 's given you four days to free her , or our friend dies . '' 
 `` only three days left , now . 
 but otherwise , that 's right . '' 
 `` and no agent - '' `` but me . '' 
 `` can search for him , or he 'll disappear . '' 
 `` right again . '' 
 `` so you 're planning to find our victims-and the brother-within these next three days ? '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 now are you in or out ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` in , of course . '' 
 of course , he said now , as if he had n't made me sweat the last ten minutes of his indecision . 
 on the black vinyl seat beside me , i 'd tucked my briefcase filled with the stolen case files . 
 i 'd already covered the confidential sticker with a plain casing . 
 i withdrew two and handed them to jaxon . 
 `` we need to go over these . 
 study every detail . '' 
 he clasped the offered files and then , to my astonishment , set them aside . 
 `` i ca n't concentrate without food . 
 let 's eat . 
 then study . '' 
 my impatience reared its head . 
 the sooner we worked , the sooner we found answers . 
 still , i was n't going to push my luck , so i forced myself to agree . 
 our food arrived fifteen minutes later and was arranged in front of us . 
 jaxon dove into his turkey-on-wheat sandwich . 
 no mayo . 
 i managed a few bites of my double bacon cheeseburger and extra crispy chili cheese fries . 
 normally , i would have cleaned my plate and requested dessert . 
 dallas always made fun of my junk food addiction and constantly complained that if he ate like that , he would n't fit inside the car . 
 me ? 
 i had uncommon metabolism . 
 could n't keep the fat on me . 
 which was good . 
 i had no intention of changing my eating habits now . 
 tonight , however , my stomach was simply too unsettled to allow me to indulge . 
 `` you going to eat that ? '' 
 jaxon asked , eyeing my burger with distaste . 
 `` there 's not enough grease to suit me , '' i said . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he rolled his eyes and threw his napkin on the tabletop . 
 `` let 's see what we 've got here , '' he said , opening one of the files , `` since you 're not going to relax until we do . '' 
 only moments later , he glanced at me , his features blank . 
 `` on the outside , this looks like a nonrestricted file . 
 this should be a nonrestricted file . 
 yet what did i find when i took a glance at the inside ? 
 this is confidential material , mia . 
 what 's it doing outside of a.i.r. ? '' 
 i shrugged and said , `` i 'll return everything when we 're done . '' 
 `` my god . '' 
 he shook his head , but i detected a hint of admiration in his expression . 
 `` you are some piece of work . '' 
 while he read on , i grabbed a file and poured over every photo , every sentence . 
 i had just reached the third page when i paused , reread , blinked . 
 blinked again . 
 a thought jumped to life in my mind . 
 `` check this out , '' i said to jaxon and handed him the folder . 
 `` this was n't mentioned in our file . 
 steele and his wife had just had a baby , right ? 
 turns out they conceived through artificial insemination . 
 did n't hudson say that lilla paid sherry to try and get pregnant by him ? 
 and now i discover that sullivanbay made frequent deposits at his local sperm bank . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` who are you working on ? '' 
 `` raymond palmer . '' 
 `` check for - '' i did n't have to finish my sentence . 
 jaxon glanced up at me . 
 `` mr. palmer made regular deposits at kilmer , peterman , and nate , too . 
 same place rianne harte worked . 
 why would n't they give us that information ? '' 
 i did n't know , but a thrill of success tingled through me . 
 i had a common thread . 
 fertility . 
 i turned my attention back to the photos and papers in front of me . 
 a few minutes later , i was shaking my head in disbelief . 
 `` look what else i found , '' i said . 
 `` check out the fourth paragraph . '' 
 he glanced at the paper , looked back at his own file , then glanced again at mine . 
 `` guess what ? 
 mine says the same thing , except the name is n't mentioned . 
 just the description . '' 
 `` please tell me you 're joking . '' 
 `` i wish i could , '' he said gravely . 
 `` what do you want to bet the others say the same thing ? '' 
 i fought back a groan . 
 `` let 's pray they do n't . '' 
 we knew there was a particular person connected to two of the cases , but if all of them were connected to-i sliced that thought to a halt , not wanting to borrow trouble . 
 still , i fought a sense of impending doom as i withdrew the two remaining folders from my briefcase , handed one to jaxon , then opened the other myself . 
 only two minutes had passed before we were staring over the table at each other . 
 `` glad you did n't take my bet ? '' 
 jaxon asked . 
 damn it . 
 kyrin was mentioned in every file as a `` tall arcadian male . '' 
 twice by name . 
 not only had he dated rianne harte , he 'd had dinner or some type of contact with every f ** king man the night before they were abducted . 
 the very night . 
 this was not the kind of information an agent could ethically withhold from a commander . 
 if we told jack , however , twenty agents would immediately be assigned to hunt and kill kyrin . 
 they might even write off the missing men as casualties , not stopping to question kyrin about their whereabouts , just killing him in their fury . 
 i could n't allow that . 
 because i did n't doubt for a moment that kyrin would act on the threat he 'd made to me . 
 if he discovered other agents were hunting him , he would vanish , and dallas would die . 
 unbidden , kyrin 's image formed in my mind . 
 white hair . 
 enigmatic lavender eyes . 
 taut sinew and rigidly muscled body . 
 the way he moved with such grace and fluidity ; his long strides of self-assurance . 
 the way strength radiated from him . 
 `` what do you want to do about kyrin ? '' 
 jaxon asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 god , i do n't know . '' 
 jaxon rubbed his jaw with two fingers . 
 `` we could split the search . 
 you take one half of the city , and i 'll take the other . 
 or ... '' he tapped his fingers against the tabletop . 
 `` or we could bring kyrin to us . '' 
 intrigued , i tilted my chin and studied him . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` he loves his sister and wants to save her , right ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 a man strode by our table , followed by another . 
 jaxon waited until the two were out of range before continuing . 
 `` what if someone alerted the media about lilla 's execution ? '' 
 `` execution ? 
 we are n't killing her yet . 
 we need-oh . 
 ooohhh . '' 
 i smiled slowly . 
 my heart kicked into overtime . 
 `` a false tip . 
 i like that . '' 
 `` everyone at headquarters will be shocked when protesters storm the doors . '' 
 `` which will allow kyrin entrance . 
 and when the sea of reporters burst inside , every exit will be sealed , trapping everyone inside . '' 
 jaxon nodded . 
 `` think we should tell jack and the others what 's going on ? 
 they 'll be able to give us more cover , and we 'll have a better chance of capturing our guy . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i pinched the bridge of my nose . 
 `` i 'm not taking a chance on a trigger-happy agent who does n't care if kyrin lives or dies . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll make the call at eleven tomorrow night and say lilla 's being executed at midnight . 
 that 'll give the press one hour to spread the word , yet wo n't give jack enough time to deny it . '' 
 `` perfect . 
 if he somehow finds out what we 've done , though , i 'm taking full responsibility . '' 
 `` i do n't need you to cover for me . 
 i 'll take the consequences . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 no . '' 
 i gave him my grittiest wo n't - take-no-for-an-answer glare , which he of course ignored . 
 the male ego was not going to make me change my mind . 
 `` i wo n't let you go down . 
 i asked you to help me , not the other way around . '' 
 `` too bad . '' 
 the lines around his mouth firmed . 
 `` dallas is my friend too . 
 now , do you want my help or not ? '' 
 i paused . 
 `` fine . 
 if we 're caught , i 'll tattle on you like a whiny girl . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` real good . '' 
 `` go home , get some rest , '' i told him . 
 `` you 'll need it . 
 i 'll meet you here for dinner at seven . '' 
 maybe i should have taken my own advice and gone home to rest . 
 i did n't want to sleep , though , did n't want to dream . 
 i ended up making the twenty-minute drive to kilmer , peterman , and nate pharmaceuticals . 
 i spent two hours inside , questioning employee after employee-but it was wasted time . 
 mostly they confirmed what i already knew . 
 that several of the abducted men had voluntarily submitted sperm samples for payment . 
 that rianne had worked here . 
 the only new piece of information i received was that each male donor had had a very healthy sperm count . 
 i was feeling frustrated-until i stepped outside . 
 a wave of familiar energy hit me square in the chest . 
 i froze . 
 heart hammering against my rib cage , i darted my gaze in every direction , searching for kyrin . 
 and then i found him . 
 he stood off to the side , his back to me . 
 he was facing a young , dark-haired couple . 
 damn , i loved this new energy-sensing gift of mine . 
 i slowly reached for my new pyre-gun and moved toward the group . 
 i held the weapon at my side , not wanting the couple to see it and give kyrin warning . 
 `` do not come here again , '' i heard kyrin tell the couple . 
 `` do not let your names be entered into their database . 
 people in that database are dying . '' 
 `` you 're crazy , et , '' the guy said . 
 `` something like that would be all over the news . 
 now , for the last time , get out of my way . '' 
 he dragged the pale-faced female along as he pushed past kyrin and strode into the building . 
 i waited until they passed me before taking aim , yet kyrin 's words echoed in my mind , giving me pause . 
 do not come here again . 
 do not come here again . 
 he 'd risked implicating himself by coming here . 
 he 'd tried to warn potential victims away . 
 neither was something a bad guy would do . 
 that knowledge almost kept me from squeezing the trigger . 
 almost . 
 i had lucked out by finding him so quickly and unexpectedly , and i would n't spit in the face of that luck . 
 i was going to stun him , take what blood i needed , then lock him up and question him . 
 zeroed in on him , i squeezed the trigger . 
 nothing happened . 
 my mouth dropped open , and i squeezed again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 still nothing . 
 frustrated and growing more furious by the second , i glanced at the weapon . 
 the crystal had somehow been knocked out of range . 
 shit . 
 shit ! 
 had i tested the damn thing before i signed it out of a.i.r. ? 
 no , goddamn it , i realized . 
 i had n't . 
 kyrin 's shoulders stiffened . 
 he spun around , giving me a glimpse of tense features and haunting shadows under his eyes . 
 `` mia . '' 
 i did n't panic . 
 i kept my weapon steady . 
 he did n't know my new gun was n't working properly . 
 i 'd use it to keep him docile , then find some other way to knock him out . 
 `` i 've been looking for you , '' i said , holding my ground . 
 `` we 've got unfinished business . '' 
 he opened his mouth to reply , but a blue beam of pyre-fire suddenly lit a path just behind him-and it was n't mine-silencing his words . 
 someone screamed . 
 footsteps pounded . 
 i caught a glimpse of a lithe , white-haired female as kyrin shouted , `` get down ! '' 
 and jolted forward , slamming into me and knocking me down . 
 the moment we hit , i lost my breath , and sharp rocks dug into my back . 
 kyrin rolled off me and crouched to his knees . 
 i followed suit , and we scrambled to a car , using it as a shield as another beam flew at us . 
 kyrin peeked over the hood . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 i set my gun to kill and prayed that setting would work . 
 he ducked as another beam shot past him , hitting the ground just beyond his feet . 
 dirt and gravel spewed in every direction . 
 `` want to tell me why that woman 's trying to kill you ? '' 
 i said , rising slightly and firing . 
 click . 
 click . 
 `` damn it , '' i cursed as i sank down . 
 the gun would n't work on kill either . 
 `` perhaps she does n't like that i wish to atone for past sins . '' 
 i slid my old kill-only gun from my ankle holster , popped up , and fired . 
 i hit a dark blue vehicle and shattered the front window . 
 `` yeah , what kind of past sins ? '' 
 `` the bad kind . '' 
 `` your sarcasm sucks . '' 
 i flicked him a glance , but he kept his profile to me . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i wo n't let her hurt you . 
 if anyone gets your blood , it 's me . '' 
 `` i suddenly feel warm and giddy inside . '' 
 his tone was as dry as the air . 
 `` are you trying to make me fall in love with you ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 he removed a pyre-gun from the waist of his pants . 
 my old gun , i noticed . 
 `` how appropriate , '' i said . 
 he grinned , kissed the barrel with a mocking wink , lifted it , and fired over the car . 
 `` who would have thought mia snow would be working with me instead of against me ? '' 
 a fourth shot whizzed past him , this one nearly singeing his shoulder . 
 just then , i felt something ... swirl inside me . 
 tingling inside my veins , pulsing through my entire body . 
 i do n't know what it was , or what caused it . 
 i blinked in confusion . 
 as i watched with wide eyes , the world around me began to slow down . 
 a fly entered my line of vision , its wings moving so leisurely i could see every flutter , see even the ripple of air . 
 i had to be hallucinating , but ... frowning , i reached out and plucked the insect from the air . 
 no , no hallucination . 
 i could feel him . 
 what the hell was happening to me ? 
 three more shots soared over our car , and as i released the fly , i watched the fire meander toward kyrin , watched him leap out of the way , moving inch by inch . 
 i watched that fire slam into the ground behind us . 
 i could have danced around those rays , they moved so slowly . 
 `` fire , mia , '' he shouted , the sound deep , almost distorted , and as slow as his motions . 
 i popped up , my every action fast . 
 too fast . 
 my gaze blazed over the parking lot . 
 the shooter was in mid-duck , her white hair floating above her head , her delicate features fixed in place . 
 she moved like kyrin , by gradual degrees . 
 i took in her lavender eyes , which were radiating intense fury , her dainty nose , and her startling familiar high cheekbones . 
 i 'd seen her before . 
 i knew i had , i just did n't know where . 
 and then , just as suddenly as the odd swirl had hit me , it abandoned me . 
 the tingling abandoned my veins , the pulsing left my body . 
 everything leaped into high gear , and for a split second , my gaze locked with the female arcadian 's and surprise darkened her face before she disappeared behind the car . 
 gasping , i hunched down and eyed kyrin . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 he was watching me with a strange , unreadable expression . 
 i shook my head , suddenly tired , hoping an explanation for what just happened would slide into place . 
 nope , did n't work . 
 then another blast soared past us , claiming my attention . 
 `` do you know that woman ? '' 
 `` atlanna en arr . '' 
 atlanna . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck rose , and i grinned , pushing the weird slowdown thing out of my mind . 
 i loved when suspects made my job easy . 
 i could n't wait to get my hands on that woman . 
 she could have waited until kyrin left this area and tried to kill him in private , where there was less chance of capture . 
 but no , she did it here , an action that screamed `` look at me , look what i can do . '' 
 that type of behavior fit the profile of steele 's killer . 
 perfectly . 
 i was going to have to trust kyrin right now if i hoped to get close to atlanna , and while that knowledge did n't settle well inside me , i knew i had no other choice . 
 `` she was behind the green lexis , six cars away , straight down the middle , but she 's probably running now . 
 you go left . 
 i 'll go right . 
 let 's find the bitch . '' 
 i did n't wait for his reply , did n't wait to see if he followed orders . 
 i jolted into motion . 
 gravel cut past my pants and into my knees , and i wished to god i could rise up and walk , but i had to stay low . 
 atlanna might have come to kill kyrin , but i 'm sure she would n't have minded getting rid of me , too . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i heard kyrin curse . 
 `` i found her . '' 
 i jumped up and rounded a van as quickly as my feet would carry me , gun aimed straight in front of me . 
 the female was running , and kyrin was reaching out . 
 he latched onto the long strands of her hair , but they pulled free without slowing her . 
 then she disappeared completely . 
 i stopped and blinked , staring at the empty air where she 'd been . 
 she 'd gotten away . 
 she 'd f ** king gotten away . 
 `` how the hell did she disappear like that ? '' 
 he released the strands of white hair , and they floated away on the breeze . 
 his hands dropped to his sides . 
 `` she 's been practicing her molecular transportation , is my guess . '' 
 `` that 's not poss - '' i cut my words off . 
 more and more i was learning that i did n't really know shit about these aliens . 
 i searched the parking lot for any sign of her and scowled . 
 she really had transported herself away . 
 i cursed under my breath . 
 `` it 's painful , '' kyrin said , `` and atlanna hates pain , so i 'm surprised she did it . '' 
 `` do you know where she went ? '' 
 `` do you think i would be here if i did ? '' 
 damn it ! 
 `` well , i 'm not going home a failure . '' 
 i returned my gaze to kyrin . 
 i 'd missed a perfect opportunity to catch atlanna , but i would n't miss this opportunity to catch him . 
 `` just stay where you are , and i wo n't have to hurt you . '' 
 i aimed my gun at his heart , very aware the weapon did not possess stun capacity . 
 easy on the trigger , i mentally chanted . 
 a part of me hated to do this . 
 we 'd just worked as a team . 
 he 'd just helped me . 
 but it had to be done . 
 `` i 'll give you two choices , kyrin . 
 you can willingly go to the hospital to help dallas , then the station house , where you 'll answer my questions . 
 you 've got a lot of explaining to do . 
 or i can shoot you here and now . '' 
 `` you 're not going to shoot me . 
 you need me alive . '' 
 i lowered the barrel to his leg . 
 `` then i 'll simply incapacitate you . '' 
 he gave me a languid grin . 
 `` as if a puny wound to the leg would even slow me . 
 you 've seen how quickly i heal . 
 and do you really want to waste my blood ? '' 
 he stepped toward me . 
 `` stay where you are , '' i shouted . 
 i did n't fire . 
 damn him , he was right . 
 i would n't shoot him . 
 why had i even threatened ? 
 slowly and leisurely , he closed the rest of the distance between us , and i let him come . 
 yes , i lowered my weapon and let him come . 
 he stood in front of me for several seconds-an eternity , perhaps-without touching me . 
 my breath became ragged as his energy surrounded me ; my skin heated . 
 i licked my lips . 
 i knew what he planned to do . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` do it . 
 i ca n't stop you . '' 
 `` you do n't want to stop me . '' 
 his arms wound around me , and his mouth remained a whisper away . 
 `` thank you for your help , '' he said . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' i replied grudgingly . 
 his lips crushed mine , and his tongue swept inside my mouth . 
 our teeth scraped together with the force of his invasion . 
 i welcomed him completely . 
 i hated myself , but welcome him i did . 
 as he 'd walked toward me , need had grown inside me . 
 strong and hot-undeniable . 
 he tasted of heat and passion . 
 i pressed more deeply into him . 
 but i forced my hands to stay at my sides . 
 i might enjoy his kiss , might crave it , but i would n't allow myself to participate any more than i already was . 
 remaining still was the hardest thing i 'd ever done . 
 i hated him . 
 i liked him . 
 hated . 
 liked . 
 he tore his mouth away and we stared at each other . 
 `` you risked your life , staying with me . '' 
 `` yes , i did . 
 for my reward i want you to tell me everything you know about atlanna . '' 
 the words emerged breathlessly , i was ashamed to realize . 
 `` you taste better than i dreamed , tai la mar. '' kyrin trailed feather-light kisses around my jaw . 
 `` until next time . '' 
 he , too , vanished . 
 i stood in shocked silence , trying to catch my breath and staring at the empty space where he 'd been . 
 i traced a finger over my lips and frowned . 
 obviously , he could transfer molecularly like atlanna . 
 the bastard . 
 so why had he stayed at all ? 
 he could have left this scene anytime . 
 had he been trying to protect me ? 
 i holstered my gun and shook my head . 
 would i ever understand these aliens ? 
 the blare of sirens registered in my ears , and i sighed . 
 i 'd be here a while , explaining to new chicago pd what had happened . 
 shit . 
 i did n't allow myself to think about losing atlanna or kissing and losing kyrin as i drove home hours later . 
 i did n't allow myself to think about the strange ... thing that had come over me and slowed down the world around me for those brief seconds . 
 thinking about it brought fear , waves and waves of fear because that kind of ability was unnatural . 
 fear made a person weak . 
 made her lose focus . 
 i trudged inside my apartment and checked my messages . 
 there were six from my dad . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 he asked in the first message . 
 his voice was pleasant , almost like i remember it being when i 'd been a little girl . 
 `` why are n't you here ? '' 
 he said in the second . 
 `` is this how you treat family ? '' 
 he said in the third . 
 pushing a series of buttons on the wall , i skipped the other messages , yet i could n't halt the deep pangs of regret already working their way through me . 
 i should n't care what he thought about me . 
 he was an old , pathetic man , and i was a grown woman . 
 i 'd been on my own since the age of sixteen . 
 a small part of me , however , a part i despised , desperately craved his approval . 
 always had . 
 i wanted the kind of approval he 'd given kane . 
 the kind of approval he might have given dare , if my brother had survived . 
 the kind of approval i 'd once had from him , but lost for some reason i 'd never understood . 
 he liked to toss me a bone every now and then when i killed an other-worlder , but that was about it . 
 even then i only received a weak smile and an unemotional , `` you did okay . '' 
 `` you need your head examined , mia , '' i muttered to myself as i picked up the earpiece . 
 `` dad , '' i told the speaker and listened as the systematic ringing began . 
 my stomach churned with dread as i placed the small , fitted receptor in my ear . 
 i could face a group of treacherous aliens and smile . 
 sometimes i even anticipated a fight . 
 but i could not face my father without becoming a little girl again : nervous , desperate . 
 sad . 
 on the seventh ring , he barked a gruff hello . 
 `` hey , dad . 
 it 's me . '' 
 i winced at the neediness in my tone . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 he asked , his unemotional self . 
 `` i had an emergency at work . '' 
 `` you disrespected your brother by not attending his memorial . 
 you know that , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i know , but i 'm trying to hunt down an alien serial killer . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` any leads ? '' 
 i could n't discuss the case with him , so i said , `` not yet . '' 
 `` then we have nothing left to talk about , do we ? '' 
 abruptly , the connection severed , and the dial tone buzzed in my ear . 
 i held the small black earpiece in front of me for a prolonged , silent moment , blinking down at it . 
 i shrugged off my hurt . 
 overall , not a bad conversation . 
 he 'd taken it better than i could have hoped . 
 pushing out a breath , i replaced the receptor back on its wall hook . 
 i padded a perfectly straight course to the kitchen . 
 no obstacles slowed my progress . 
 instead of a couch , i had a desk in the middle of my living room , cluttered high with papers and books . 
 and in the far left corner perched a small screen , always displaying the local news . 
 two barstools and a snack bar in the kitchen completed the ensemble . 
 all brown , all bland . 
 and that was the extent of my furnishings . 
 i was rarely here , and besides , the only thing i did here was sleep and work , so why spend the time and money required to make the place cozy ? 
 this modest one-bedroom apartment had never felt like home , anyway-as if i even knew what home felt like . 
 i 'd never belonged as a young girl , had always been an outsider . 
 i readied my coffeemaker and set the automatic timer for three hours from now . 
 i 'd have a beer , catch some sleep , and when i awoke the coffee would be hot and waiting for me . 
 i opened my fridge , and a list of needed groceries instantly printed from the side . 
 `` i know . 
 i know , '' i muttered . 
 i had n't had time to shop in a while . 
 yawning , i reached for a beer-but it slid across the distance and came to me instead . 
 startled , i let go , and the glass shattered on the ground . 
 i blinked down at the broken shards , liquid swimming in every direction . 
 what the hell ? 
 first the slowdown at the shootout , and now this . 
 no , no . 
 this had not just happened . 
 i 'd imagined it . 
 i was tired , that was all . 
 the bottle had not come to me . 
 i hurriedly cleaned up the mess , not allowing myself to think about it anymore , and strode into my bedroom . 
 a vivid sapphire and emerald comforter topped the bed , and a three-tiered bureau was pushed against the north wall . 
 the comforter was my only splurge . 
 i stripped to my panties and fell onto the mattress . 
 when sleep claimed me , so did my dreams . 
 one moment my mind 's eye saw nothing ; the next i saw a brilliant kaleidoscope of images . 
 a woman 's face flashed before me-my face , i realized seconds later , though my hair continually changed colors . 
 red , white , yellow , brown . 
 i was like a chameleon , and i did n't understand the reason for the changes . 
 each time i almost grasped the answer , my ever-changing image floated away . 
 then i saw my hero , dare . 
 his arms were outstretched as i ran to him for a hug . 
 i was only six years old . 
 he was ten . 
 he caught me in his arms , and we both uttered carefree giggles as we toppled onto a cushion of bright green summer leaves . 
 on impact , they propelled high in the air , then floated down around us , a multitude of colors . 
 `` i love you , goose , '' he said in that nurturing voice of his . 
 `` i love you , too , dare . '' 
 anticipatory and smiling , i wiggled from his embrace and pushed to my chubby legs . 
 `` find me , dare . 
 find me . '' 
 my laughter trailing behind me , i raced into the nearby woods . 
 though we 'd played hide-and-seek a thousand times before , i always hid behind our towering oak , which boasted swaying branches and chirping birds . 
 i glanced over my shoulder as he skipped after me . 
 he had just about reached me , had just about shouted , `` gotcha ! '' 
 when the leaves scattered , disappeared , and my dream shifted . 
 i was suddenly fifteen years old and being dragged down a dark stairwell , then a dirty hallway , by my dad . 
 i was crying , screaming , `` please do n't do this , daddy . 
 please do n't . '' 
 `` you need to learn respect , mia . '' 
 his features remained indifferent as he jerked open the basement door and shoved me into the dark . 
 `` i 'll be good , '' i whimpered . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` this is the only way to learn , '' he said . 
 `` you 'll thank me one day . '' 
 he slammed the door , cutting off all light . 
 the click of the lock resounded in my ears . 
 so cold.so dark . 
 both consumed me almost instantly , and my chest suddenly felt too tight . 
 i could n't draw in a breath . 
 my heart was pounding frantically , near bursting from the strain . 
 `` i 'll be good , '' i cried to the door . 
 `` i 'll be so good . '' 
 i sank to my knees , the cold wall at my back . 
 tears froze on my cheeks , and the stale , dusty air stung my nostrils . 
 i wished my mom were here , or dare , but they were both gone . 
 they 'd both abandoned me , though in different ways . 
 right now my only companion was a single rickety chair , visible for the few seconds the door had remained open . 
 i was going to die here , my mind screamed ; the darkness was going to swallow me whole . 
 as my body shook with terror , the room 's only exit suddenly twisted , and my dream shifted again . 
 in the next instant , i was sixteen and holding an overnight bag . 
 i stood over dare 's grave . 
 the moon was high , the air warm . 
 fireflies flickered overhead , and crickets sang a chorus of hosannas around the headstone . 
 colorful faux flowers bloomed all around my feet , in direct contrast to my mood . 
 `` i will avenge your death , dare , '' i vowed . 
 `` i 'll avenge your death and make dad proud . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 i slowly cracked open my eyes , only to realize i was panting , sucking in breath after breath as if i could n't get enough oxygen . 
 sweat soaked my body , causing the blankets to stick to my skin . 
 dreams usually had that effect on me , and i hated it . 
 with a conscious effort , i forced my breathing to slow and my bones to relax . 
 i cast a glance at my wall clock . 
 the numbers flashed 5:39 p.m. i had time to clean up and do a little research before my dinner with jaxon . 
 i lumbered from the bed and only tripped twice on my way to the bathroom . 
 i brushed my teeth , showered , the dry spray doing nothing to wake me . 
 when i emerged , the scent of freshly brewed synthetic coffee filled my nostrils , strong and intense . 
 i donned the same type of clothing as yesterday-well-fitted black slacks , black button-up shirt , boots , and a black leather jacket . 
 my pants possessed a velcro strip down the outer seam , allowing easy access to the weapons strapped to my thighs . 
 of course , i also had guns and knives strategically tethered to the rest of my body . 
 i twisted my hair in a ponytail , frowned when several locks slipped free , then retied the band with a scowl . 
 sometimes i yearned to hack off every freaking strand , but i always stopped myself before actually applying the scissors . 
 it was the one feminine aspect of my life , and i just did n't want to give it up . 
 dressed now , i trod into the kitchen and quickly drained two mugs of coffee . 
 i poured myself a third cup and carried the steaming liquid to my desk . 
 i logged onto my computer by voice recognition and fingerprint id . 
 mandalay had mentioned that neither kyrin nor atlanna were in a database , but i checked again anyway . 
 when i typed in atlanna 's name , information about the lost city of atlantis filled the screen instead . 
 atlanna 's namesake , perhaps ? 
 i scrolled , found the most intriguing articles , and uttered a single command : `` print . '' 
 holding the papers in my hand , i read , `` at the beginning of history , zeus , the god of gods , granted his brother , poseidon , the city of atlantis . 
 this island lay outside the pillars of hercules , a meeting point of all the worlds ' oceans . 
 for many generations , atlanteans flourished in wisdom and riches , and the lands overflowed with food and wine . 
 yet these great warriors and scientists did not remain content with what they had , and greed soon grew in their hearts . 
 they began to invade other lands , hoping to enslave foreign citizens . 
 war reigned supreme . 
 zeus was angered by the constant battling , and rightly blamed the alanteans . 
 he hurled a great lightning bolt from the sky into the heart of the city . 
 the land rumbled and shook , and in minutes , the ocean swallowed every rock , hollow , and denizen . '' 
 brow furrowed , i placed the article beside my coffee mug and frowned . 
 was atlanna like these atlanteans ? 
 was she greedy for slaves ? 
 if so , where did the babies come in ? 
 did she want to raise them and make her own army ? 
 that sounded so far-fetched . 
 to sell them , perhaps ? 
 i sat up straighter . 
 now that made sense . 
 `` fertility , '' i said to the computer , recalling that that had been a common thread in all of the cases . 
 seconds later , several sites popped onscreen . 
 i printed each page and discovered that rianne harte , the lab tech , had been trying to gain government support for fertility drugs to help increase the number of children alien women could bear . 
 alien women , not human . 
 that was interesting , but it did n't help my case . 
 i was dealing with human men , which meant atlanna had to breed them with human women . 
 our scientists had tried splicing alien and human dna to create halflings , but it simply could n't be done . 
 something about the different cell types being foreign and trying to kill each other . 
 i read the rest of harte 's article and stilled when i came across the name a. en arr , who was helping fund the research . 
 a. en arr . 
 atlanna en arr . 
 so , she wanted her aliens to be able to have more babies . 
 so what did she need with the human men ? 
 they could n't help her with that . 
 i typed my notes and thoughts into a new base titled `` fertility murders and abductions . '' 
 i worked for the next half hour , relieved that i had one answer , at least . 
 without a doubt , atlanna was the killer . 
 when i finished , i muttered , `` save and close , '' and my computer shut down . 
 i stood . 
 it was time to meet jaxon for dinner . 
 i could barely wait to tell him what i 'd learned . 
 just then my phone unit erupted in a high-pitched wail . 
 my dad , was my guess , so i purposely did n't answer as i gathered the rest of my guns and knives . 
 i did n't have time to deal with him . 
 a few moments later , my cell unit erupted in a series of beeps . 
 caller id revealed the station house . 
 i immediately answered . 
 `` we found rianne harte , '' jack said . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 i stood in the middle of the crime scene , cataloging the details . 
 unlike william steele , rianne harte had not been posed to look seductive . 
 she 'd been posed to look brutalized . 
 of course , she had been brutalized . 
 her eyes were still wide with terror ; she lay inside a coffin , her legs and arms painfully akimbo . 
 we had the casket completely open , giving us an unobstructed view inside . 
 naked as she was , i was able to catalog the welts , scratches , bite marks , and bruises that marred her entire body . 
 the hair atop her head had been hacked off completely . 
 her nails were ragged and broken . 
 she was barely recognizable as the smiling woman i 'd seen in id photos , yet a blood sample had revealed this was indeed miss harte . 
 she 'd been locked inside the stifling black coffin with some sort of snake or lizard , only it was bright red and obviously not from this planet . 
 mandalay had found her here in whore 's corner , in the same woods we 'd discovered steele . 
 `` damn shame , '' mandalay muttered before striding to her car . 
 `` lilla could n't have done this , '' jaxon said beside me . 
 his voice carried on the winter breeze . 
 he stared down at the body , shaking his head . 
 `` not enough time . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 she had plenty of time . 
 this body is n't fresh , and lilla has n't been in custody long . 
 to be honest , though , '' i added , `` i do n't think she did it . 
 again , this crime is too methodical . 
 too precise . 
 every detail complete . '' 
 i paused as a thought occurred to me . 
 `` was harte , or is she , pregnant ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you , '' i called to one of the agents nearby . 
 `` do a pregnancy test on her blood , pronto . '' 
 five minutes later , i discovered she was not and had not been pregnant recently . 
 `` ghost found two strands of hair , '' jaxon said . 
 `` arcadian . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` they were located on the same branch as before . 
 it 's highly doubtful the killer would snag their hair twice in the same spot . 
 either they were planted and we 're on the wrong path , or the killer is taunting us . '' 
 `` we 're being taunted . '' 
 yes , atlanna was taunting us . 
 i told him what i 'd found out about fertility , harte , and the deadly atlanna . 
 `` she 's cocky as hell and assured of success . 
 that much we already knew . 
 but why not pose harte as prettily as she posed steele ? '' 
 `` could be we 're getting too close to the truth , and we 're pissing her off . 
 could be harte betrayed her . 
 or could be steele was a gift to us , but harte is a warning . '' 
 all of those made sense . 
 atlanna had seen me in the parking lot . 
 i 'd shot at her , tried to catch her . 
 that had to have pissed her off . 
 `` only one way to find out for sure , '' i said . 
 `` by catching our gal , '' jaxon finished for me . 
 i nodded . 
 easier said than done . 
 chapter 12 when homicide arrived , jaxon and i gathered our notes and vacated the scene . 
 we had all the information we needed , anyway . 
 `` let 's visit dallas , '' i told him . 
 `` then we 'll do dinner and talk . '' 
 i had n't seen him in a while , and i suddenly needed to assure myself that he was okay , that he had n't slipped closer to death . 
 jaxon must have sensed my desperation , because he opened his mouth to protest , then snapped his lips closed . 
 `` good idea , '' he finally said . 
 he drove to county without another word . 
 i rested my head on the back of my seat and emptied my mind . 
 minutes or perhaps hours later , we arrived , and i found myself striding down the twisted , bland hospital hallways . 
 visiting hours were over in icu , but the staff was smart enough to let us pass . 
 while jaxon waited in the corridor , i stepped into dallas 's room , drew in a cleansing breath , and perched myself at his beside . 
 i read his chart . 
 his condition was still considered stable , though there had been no new improvement . 
 i held his cold , limp hand . 
 his complexion had faded slightly ; his breathing was not as strong as before . 
 i fought back a wave of fear , wishing to god i could cling to life for him . 
 `` listen up , '' i told him . 
 `` you 're going to recover . 
 do you hear me ? 
 you 're going to recover . 
 i 've got a plan . '' 
 and i proceeded to tell him every detail . 
 `` jaxon is going to help me . 
 he does n't have your flare for drama , but i think he 'll provide some entertainment . '' 
 once , dallas actually squeezed my hand , as if he heard every word i uttered . 
 when i left , i felt revived , more willing to conquer the day 's events . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 i asked jaxon . 
 `` always . '' 
 i sped down the highway and parked at the front of trollie 's , in a no parking zone . 
 jaxon and i ate a quick , silent meal , both lost in our own thoughts . 
 i had the special , club sandwich , fries , and a bowl of steaming beef soup . 
 jaxon had wheat toast , plain chicken breast , and a large orange juice . 
 `` how do you survive on so little ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` by eating more meals than the average person . '' 
 when he finished , he wadded up his napkin and tossed the crinkled paper onto the tabletop . 
 `` something you should consider . '' 
 the time for relaxation had ended . 
 a hard gleam entered jaxon 's eyes , and i knew the same gleam was reflected in mine . 
 time for business . 
 i leaned back in my seat . 
 `` the most important thing is to find atlanna , but we have no leads on her . 
 there are two people who seem to know the most about her-kyrin and lilla . 
 lilla 's in lockup , and i 'll question her again , but we need kyrin too . 
 we can play them off each other . '' 
 `` if we 're going to have any hope of catching him , we need to talk with lilla 's boyfriend , st. john , asap , '' he said . 
 `` get our ball moving , so to speak , for the big event . '' 
 ah , yes . 
 the fake execution . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 half an hour later , i found myself standing inside st. john 's office . 
 this was nothing like the sparsely decorated enclosure lilla had occupied . 
 here , plush burgundy carpet layered the floor . 
 the desk was composed of high-gloss moroccan wood , expensive and rare . 
 the chairs were padded with altar cloth and mated with matching , perfectly rounded footrests . 
 murals of cavorting , na ** d religious figures covered the walls , their mocking expressions so richly detailed that they almost appeared alive . 
 st. john was seated behind the desk , his freckled face cold and hard . 
 his fingers were laced in front of him . 
 at least he was dressed , and his hands were n't filled with br ** sts . 
 i noticed he did n't ask us to take a seat . 
 i did n't want to anyway . 
 a tall , muscular ell-rollis , though it was n't bob , i noticed , stepped inside the room . 
 he was wearing a shiny purple suit . 
 `` you okay , boss ? '' 
 he asked , eyeing us like we were ice cold mugs of water and he 'd been trapped in the desert for at least a year . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' st. john said . 
 `` you may go . '' 
 the other-worlder gave a quick nod , turned , and snapped the double french doors shut behind him . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and waited . 
 `` i want you to know my lawyers are working diligently on lilla 's case , '' he said through clenched teeth . 
 `` she 'll be released before you can snap your fingers . '' 
 just for the hell of it , i snapped my fingers , then glanced over each of my shoulders . 
 `` think she 's been released ? '' 
 beside me , jaxon grinned . 
 st. john 's nostrils flared , and he leapt to his feet . 
 his chair skidded behind him , blending with the sound of his hissing breath . 
 i heard the tick , tock of the wall clock as st. john glared at me with hatred in his eyes , but he visibly reined in his temper . 
 he eased back into his seat . 
 `` what can i do for you , agent snow ? '' 
 he asked , his tone all that was polite , though i caught a hint of fury in the undercurrents . 
 `` what were you doing february second between the hours of nine and twelve p.m. ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he laughed with genuine amusement , completely abandoning his anger for the moment . 
 he even lifted a cigar from a small humidor on the corner of his desktop and ran the length through his fingers , practically daring me to arrest him for the illegal possession . 
 `` you 're not going to implicate me in this murder . '' 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` answer my question . '' 
 still grinning , he shrugged . 
 `` i was here , working . 
 a thousand people can verify that . '' 
 `` so you were n't at the murder scene , '' i said , unfolding my arms and planting my fists near the weapons strapped to my waist . 
 `` that does n't mean you were n't involved in the actual killing . '' 
 just like that , in the space of a heartbeat , he lost his good humor . 
 he bared his teeth in a scowl . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` you were jealous of steele , were n't you ? '' 
 `` no , i was n't . '' 
 i ignored his reply . 
 `` what 's the cost to make a hit these days ? 
 one thousand ? 
 two ? 
 that 's pocket change to you . '' 
 silence thickened the air . 
 then , `` your desperation is showing , agent snow , '' st. john stated quietly , menacingly . 
 `` i 'm not involved . '' 
 i gave him a slow , smug smile . 
 i really liked this part of my job . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 i think it might be fun to try and prove you were . '' 
 `` be careful . '' 
 his eyes glowed with menacing fire . 
 `` you do n't want to push me . 
 i have many , many influential friends . '' 
 i rested my foot on the edge of the closest chair and swept back my coat to display my gun . 
 i had n't yet had time to replace my pyre-gun , and this one was set to kill . 
 `` well , i have a temper , mr. st. john , and i do n't always follow the rules . 
 i highly doubt you want to push me . '' 
 when he caught my meaning , he paled . 
 his fingers were shaky as he reached for his phone unit to punch for security . 
 jaxon stopped him with a quickly uttered , `` i think you 've gotten the wrong idea here , mr. st. john . '' 
 he kept his tone affable . 
 `` we know you 're not responsible for steele 's death . 
 it 's simply standard procedure to question everyone familiar with him . '' 
 the man 's finger stilled over the button , and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` is it standard procedure to accuse and intimidate ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' jaxon said . 
 `` i apologize if we 've offended you . '' 
 my lips pressed tightly together , preventing me from shouting obscenities . 
 i refused to apologize to this dirty little weasel , but i was n't going to undermine jaxon 's efforts either . 
 st. john gave his blue silk lapels a tug , his expression somewhat mollified . 
 `` i 'm certainly glad someone is n't blind to the truth . 
 now , if you 're done with your questions , you may see yourself out . '' 
 yeah , like i 'd leave that easily . 
 `` there 's one more thing , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm suspending ecstasy 's license of operation until further notice . 
 not only do you have illegal substances in plain view , you were harboring a predatory alien , and charges could be brought against you . '' 
 watching him , i sauntered to his desk , leaned over , and straightened his tie . 
 `` think about that while you decide if there 's any more information you have for us . '' 
 in a seething explosion of fury , he once again jolted to his feet . 
 `` who do you think you are ? 
 you ca n't suspend me . 
 you have no right . '' 
 `` i have every right . '' 
 i waved my index finger in a sugary-sweet good-bye . 
 `` have a nice day , mr. st. john . '' 
 `` why , you bit - '' i closed the office door with a snap and smiled up at jaxon . 
 `` i think it 's safe to say we got his attention . 
 call your contacts at every media outlet in the area . 
 i 'm ready to deal with kyrin . '' 
 he held my gaze , nodded . 
 `` thank god you 're not my enemy , '' he said with a slow grin . 
 11:43 p . 
 m . 
 our plan began perfectly . 
 i 'd almost panicked the moment i pictured kyrin molecularly transporting himself and his sister out of the building . 
 i calmed down , however , when i realized that was n't something he could do . 
 he would have done so already . 
 my guess was he could n't transport inside a building . 
 still , i was n't taking any chances ; i planned to erect a force field at the proper time . 
 that could hold anything . 
 i 'd spent the last hour interrogating lilla again and got nowhere . 
 afterward , i had replaced my defunct pyre-gun with one that actually worked , and now i sat in jack 's office with jaxon . 
 waiting . 
 pretending to listen to my boss as he instructed me on the night 's mission . 
 and then , thankfully , it happened . 
 tumultuous and chanting , press and protesters stormed into a.i.r. headquarters , their signs bobbing up and down like dinghies in a tidal wave . 
 thankfully , checkpoint guards and unsuspecting hunters-who were prepared for almost anything-loitered in the lobby and were able to halt any civilian progress into the actual offices or cells . 
 inside a.i.r. 's white walls , the boisterous crowd was a sea of colors and shapes , like a misshapen rainbow that had fallen from the sky . 
 jack halted mid-sentence when the call came in . 
 `` pagosa , '' he barked into the phone . 
 his eyes went wide , and his lips dipped into a scowl . 
 `` what the hell do they have to protest about ? '' 
 this was it , i thought , flicking jaxon a glance . 
 our gaze locked for a split second before we faced jack and waited . 
 `` we 'll be right there , '' jack said , slamming the phone in its unit and blinking over at us with unparalleled shock . 
 his cheeks beamed bright red . 
 `` we 've been invaded , '' he gasped out . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jaxon said in mock surprise . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 god , i needed an award . 
 he gave us a brief , `` i have no idea . 
 let 's go . '' 
 we jumped to our feet and rushed into the hallway , weapons drawn . 
 the alarm suddenly screeched at high volume , blending with the constant wail of code blue . 
 red lights buzzed on the walls . 
 before we even reached the lobby , a chant of `` kill hunters , not aliens '' rang in my ears . 
 my fingers tightened on my gun as a wave of anger hit me . 
 these people needed a good dose of reality . 
 kill hunters ? 
 please . 
 they saw only the good aliens , the ones who now worked steady jobs and lived in their pristine neighborhoods . 
 they did n't see the evil ones , the ones who enjoyed mutilating humans , beating and raping them . 
 they did n't know some aliens could control their thoughts , change the weather , and transport into their homes undetected . 
 if they did , they 'd get down on their knees and thank us for what we did . 
 but we never told them what could happen . 
 panic would spread , and our government preferred not to have panic . 
 they 'd rather have ignorance . 
 we reached our destination . 
 people paced every square inch of space ; signs waved in every direction . 
 `` save lilla , '' they all proclaimed . 
 we pushed through the throng . 
 i fought another crest of anger and forced myself to think only of the matter at hand : kyrin . 
 `` how did the goddamn press get the idea we were executing lilla tonight ? '' 
 jack demanded over the noise . 
 `` i wish i knew , '' i said , dragging in a breath and scanning the crowd for kyrin 's tall , handsome form . 
 `` the damn bastard who told that lie needs to be kicked into next week , '' jaxon said . 
 jack nodded . 
 `` damn right . '' 
 my lips twitched as i continued to gaze around , but a scowl quickly followed the action . 
 damn it . 
 where the hell was kyrin ? 
 had he recruited someone else to come here in his stead ? 
 someone we would n't recognize ? 
 maybe , i thought , then shook my head . 
 no . 
 i 'd only been in his presence a short while , but i knew he possessed a hero 's mentality . 
 he would want to save his sister himself . 
 as arrogant as he was , he would n't trust someone else to see to the job . 
 he 'll be here , i assured myself . 
 all i had to do was wait . 
 when he entered the room , i would know it . 
 i would feel his vibrations , just as i felt him when he 'd entered dallas 's hospital room . 
 just as i 'd felt the hum of his energy in the alleyway , and when we 'd worked together against atlanna-and when we kissed . 
 the memories made me shiver . 
 so many emotions skittered through my mind . 
 anticipation . 
 dread . 
 uncertainty . 
 desire . 
 as if i 'd conjured him , a spark of awareness pricked and sizzled along my nerve endings . 
 soon after , the sweet scent of onadyn filled my nostrils . 
 every muscle in my body tensed . 
 my shoulders straightened , and i went on instant alert . 
 he was here . 
 i reached in my pocket and withdrew a small black box . 
 on the inside was a single button . 
 i pressed it , knowing a force field was erected outside . 
 `` do n't let anyone past these doors , '' jack commanded me . 
 `` i 'm calling in reinforcements . '' 
 with that , he stormed away . 
 i leveled a glance at jaxon and mouthed , `` kyrin 's here . '' 
 he , too , straightened . 
 `` where ? 
 do you see him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i will . '' 
 i shoved my way through the crowd and waltzed upstairs , checking twice to make sure i was n't followed . 
 i endured an id scan , then stepped into the main observation room . 
 two guards were seated in front of monitors , eyeing me warily . 
 `` shut off the alarm , lock every door to every room , then broadcast me all over the building . '' 
 the guards glanced up at me in surprise . 
 we 'd trained for a hypothetical situation requiring a lockdown , but this was the first practical application . 
 `` do it , '' i barked . 
 one of the men pushed a series of buttons . 
 `` doors locked and systems ready for broadcast , '' he said . 
 speaking into a mouthpiece , i said , `` agents , arrest every citizen present . '' 
 `` these protesters are humans , '' one of the guards said . 
 `` we ca n't arrest them unless they aid an alien in a crime . '' 
 `` that 's an order , '' i snapped into the mouthpiece . 
 11:55 p . 
 m . 
 waiting for the unknown was hell for someone like me . 
 impatient and anxious , tense and ready , i wanted this night over with , the victory mine . 
 jaxon and i stood at the edge of the foyer , watching as hunters continued to round up and band each and every protester and reporter present . 
 a few men and women raced to the doors in a futile attempt to escape . 
 others fought . 
 but every damn one of them kept chanting , `` kill hunters , not aliens . '' 
 blah , blah , blah , that 's what i heard . 
 the protesters outside the building were being arrested as well . 
 they 'd thrown bricks at our metal-shielded windows and had tried to bust down our doors . 
 and by god , they were going to pay for it . 
 intermediately , the press launched questions at me . 
 `` why are you murdering lilla en arr ? '' 
 `` how many murders does this make for you ? 
 two hundred ? 
 three ? '' 
 `` do you possess a heart , agent snow ? '' 
 `` how are you able to sleep at night ? '' 
 i ignored them all . 
 yeah , i 'd killed a lot of aliens over the years , and i was n't sorry . 
 i did what i had to do for human safety . 
 one of the reporters , who had yet to be banded , had his voice recorder pointed in my direction . 
 `` some have begun to call you and your men the angels of death . 
 how does it feel to actually live up to your name ? '' 
 `` shut the f ** k up , '' i said , then paused . 
 kyrin , too , had called me the angel of death . 
 i had to wonder if this man had heard it from him . 
 `` lock this one up separately from the others , '' i told one of the agents . 
 `` i want to talk with him privately . '' 
 i stepped up onto the dais , straining to see kyrin . 
 i still felt his presence , but i had yet to catch a glimpse of him . 
 12:21 p . 
 m . 
 the crowd had been subdued , banded , and ushered into a straight line against the wall . 
 i did a head count . 
 there were over eighty men and women here . 
 kyrin was n't among them . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 i shifted from one boot to the other . 
 had he fled ? 
 no , no . 
 his energy still purred inside me . 
 he was here ; he had to be here . 
 i pinched the bridge of my nose . 
 god , i was at a loss . 
 i did n't know what to do next . 
 i could n't very well broadcast his name over the speaker and ask if he 'd like to meet me for coffee in sector twelve . 
 then ... the second alarm erupted at high volume , a staccato wail of disharmony . 
 `` breach in sector five , '' a computerized female voice calmly acknowledged . 
 `` unknown alien entry . '' 
 i froze . 
 the blood drained from my head . 
 shit . 
 shit , shit , shit . 
 somehow kyrin had bypassed our defenses and actually made it into cell check-in . 
 chapter 13 `` stay here , '' i shouted to the hunters trying to subdue the increasingly frightened protesters . 
 `` keep them calm . '' 
 to jaxon , i said , `` it 's him . '' 
 we leapt into action . 
 as we raced through the building , we remained side by side , our arms pumping in unison . 
 the walls beside us became a white blur , an ever-constant sea of motion . 
 a bead of sweat trickled between my shoulder blades , and the scent of fear rocked me . 
 the fear was my own . 
 kyrin was smart . 
 i knew that . 
 there was also a distinct possibility that he was immortal . 
 yet even still , i doubted he was able to walk through metal-braced walls . 
 so how had he slipped past security ? 
 how had he bypassed locks , motion detectors , fingerprint ids , heat sensors , eye scanners , and weight-sensitive floor tiles ? 
 molecular transportation ? 
 then why not take lilla and go ? 
 if he actually rescued lilla ... only the bolts and eye scanners slowed jaxon 's and my progress . 
 when we at last passed them , i quickened my step , flying past agents who diligently hastened toward sector five . 
 i had to get there first . 
 `` if he nabs lilla , '' jaxon said , putting voice to my fears , `` we 're in deep shit . '' 
 `` god , i know . '' 
 we reached our destination , the only entrance to the cells , and endured another retinal scan . 
 the door buzzed consent , and we shoved our way inside ... only to discover the thick metal entryway to the cells closed and secured , the cell guard asleep at his post . 
 asleep ? 
 with this noise ? 
 not hardly . 
 jaxon had the same idea and nodded . 
 `` i 've got your back . '' 
 i checked the slumped man 's pulse . 
 too rapid for restful slumber . 
 definitely not a natural sleep . 
 either drug-induced , or the man was under mind control . 
 `` kyrin 's been here , '' i said . 
 jaxon cursed under his breath . 
 a sense of foreboding swept through my veins . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' i muttered . 
 `` let 's get inside and guard lilla 's door . '' 
 i reached out , just about to press my palm against the print scan to release the locks . 
 then i paused , hand suspended midair . 
 my skin tingled . 
 another wave of foreboding , this one stronger , more intense , crashed inside me . 
 i needed to open the entrance , but ... jaxon watched me expectantly . 
 do it . 
 open the door echoed in my mind , the words spoken by that same rich male voice that always made me shiver with both dread and heat . 
 open the door . 
 i remained motionless . 
 was it possible ... could kyrin make himself invisible ? 
 was he here , now , waiting for me to escort him inside ? 
 `` mia , '' jaxon shouted over the alarm . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 we need to guard lilla . 
 he might already be inside . '' 
 i jerked my hand back . 
 `` how could he have opened this door ? '' 
 jaxon shifted impatiently on his feet . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it does n't matter . 
 we need to get inside . 
 this conversation can wait . '' 
 no . 
 no , it could n't . 
 a slight breeze caressed my neck , a breeze that held the subtle fragrance of onadyn . 
 i spun to my left . 
 saw nothing amiss . 
 i spun to my right . 
 again , saw nothing amiss . 
 yet i knew , knew , kyrin was inside this room with me . 
 `` mia , damn it , '' jaxon said . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 he stepped forward , reaching out , waiting for me . 
 we had to do the fingerprint scan together , or the door would n't open . 
 just before his palm hit the sensor , i closed the distance between us and grabbed his wrist . 
 `` kyrin is inside this room . 
 i do n't know how , but he 's here . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 he 's not here . 
 he 's - '' `` there 's no way he could have opened this door . 
 i think - '' another breeze , this one so close i felt a wave of heat brush my cheek . 
 i did n't finish my sentence as i released jaxon 's hand and pivoted on my heel . 
 i pressed my back against the cold steel door , dialed my weapon to stun , then pointed the barrel straight ahead . 
 jaxon finally caught the truth of my words . 
 without another protest , he moved out of my way and stood beside me , his weapon trained , as well . 
 open the door , kyrin said , the words whispered next to my ear like a lover 's entreaty . 
 his voice was low , a menacing growl . 
 strangely , i wanted to obey , though i did not feel phantom fingers inside my mind trying to bend me to his will . 
 the most feminine part of me simply wanted to help him . 
 `` do you hear that ? '' 
 i asked jaxon , keeping my eyes straight ahead . 
 `` the alarm ? '' 
 `` the voice . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 i forced my ears to block the screech of the alarm and my head to block the seductive rhythm of kyrin 's timbre . 
 i willed my breathing to slow and concentrated on the movement my physical senses could not detect . 
 up ahead , a lightning swift rustle blurred my vision , and in that instant , a tingle of languid awareness rippled through me . 
 another blur , this one to the right . 
 then another , this one to the left . 
 `` i 'm not opening the door , '' i said to the air in front of me . 
 i felt jaxon 's silver gaze level on me . 
 maybe i was wrong . 
 maybe kyrin had already slipped past this door , and i was an idiot for not storming into the cells and stopping him . 
 but i believed in trusting my instincts , and to do that , i was willing to take a chance . 
 `` i do n't care how long the alarm blasts or what happens beyond this room , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not moving from this spot . '' 
 in the glass panel of the far entrance , i watched as jack and several other agents sprinted toward the enclosure . 
 damn , i did n't need their interference right now . 
 i had to stop their progress . 
 they might unintentionally-or intentionally-ruin everything i was struggling to do . 
 `` lock the entrance , '' i told jaxon . 
 after only a slight hesitation , he darted across the small area and disabled the wires that allowed passage in and out . 
 when jack reached the portal , he hit the steel beams with a thud . 
 i watched his mouth move swiftly in a stream of curses as he attempted to pry open the door with a solid kick , then with a punt of his shoulder . 
 no luck . 
 he shook a fist at us , his hand arcing wildly through the air in an attempt to wave me over and threaten at the same time . 
 i gave one , swift shake of my head . 
 `` reveal yourself , '' i shouted to kyrin . 
 he did n't , of course . 
 `` stay alert , '' i told jaxon . 
 he did n't appreciate the warning , but i offered it anyway . 
 he had n't seen kyrin slash a knife down one palm , had n't seen the wound mysteriously close as if it had never existed . 
 he had n't seen the way kyrin could move , so swiftly the human eye was unable to detect it . 
 had n't felt his unnatural strength . 
 `` keep your pyre-gun on stun . '' 
 jack disappeared for several long heartbeats , and when he returned , he and several other agents held a battering ram . 
 how soon before they beat their way inside ? 
 `` reveal yourself , kyrin , '' i shouted again . 
 `` i 'll help you leave this place unscathed . 
 let 's help each other , like we did before . '' 
 again , he ignored me . 
 i saw a hint of a shadow dancing close to me , then misting away before i could fire . 
 how could he move like that ? 
 frustration ate at me as i floundered to lock on him . 
 `` i 'm your only hope of escape , '' i said . 
 a whoosh of air rippled . 
 before i could even react , jaxon 's features contorted in pain . 
 he grunted , then collapsed onto the hard blue tile , his chest continuing to rise and fall as he drew in oxygen . 
 shocked , i stood frozen for a single tick of time , staring down at him . 
 in the next instant , my gun was swiped from my hand . 
 i watched , horrified , as the firearm sailed through the air , only to thud next to the far wall . 
 fury acted as kindling in my blood , heating quickly and lethally , ready to explode . 
 i had managed a single step toward the wall when four feet in front of me , the air began to liquefy , becoming a dappled , upright pool of majestic azure . 
 mist swirled and curled like a dainty ribbon , prancing up to the ceiling . 
 i blinked , only a sweep of my lashes , but when i refocused , kyrin was there . 
 completely visible , a looming tower of danger . 
 his scent wafted all around me , warm and exotic , with a hint of onadyn thrown into the blend . 
 black leather pants and a black shirt , much like the clothes of a hunter , hugged the thick muscles of his thighs and chest . 
 his white hair fell loose about his shoulders , with two braids framed against his temples . 
 war braids ? 
 i wondered . 
 that only added to his appeal , the infuriating bastard . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 whatever he 'd done , he had n't used his molecular transport ability . 
 had he ? 
 his violet gaze pierced me with purposeful intent . 
 `` do you truly plan to kill her ? '' 
 i raised my chin a notch and remained closed-mouthed , refusing to answer . 
 if i said yes , he might resent me for lying about her death in the first place . 
 if i said no , i would lose any advantage i might have gained . 
 the alarm screeched to a halt ; someone must have switched the code to silent . 
 my ears continued to ring , and my gaze remained cinched on kyrin 's . 
 `` you know and i know that i need you alive , '' i said , tempering my voice to match the abrupt quiet , though all i wanted to do was scream . 
 how could my plan have backfired so quickly ? 
 `` leave with me . 
 help me , and i help you . 
 it 's that simple . '' 
 `` i am as safe here as anywhere , '' was his only reply . 
 i arched my brows . 
 my attention flicked toward the door , toward jack and the agents clamoring beside and behind him . 
 `` if those hunters break past that barrier , they will not stop to ask you for an introduction . 
 they will kill you . 
 they do not know who you are , that we need you for our case or that i need you for dallas . 
 they only know you are an alien , and you are in a restricted area . '' 
 his lips edged up in a slow , decadent smile . 
 `` to kill me , they would have to catch me . 
 and as you have found , that is impossible . '' 
 steps precise and carefully measured , he moved slowly toward me . 
 `` you never answered my question , tai la mar. . 
 do you plan to murder my sister ? '' 
 `` an alien execution is n't considered murder . 
 we at a.i.r. like to consider it a public service . '' 
 a muscle jumped to life in his temple , and he ran his tongue over his teeth . 
 `` does dallas mean so little to you , that you are willing to destroy your only bargaining power ? '' 
 i softened my tone-for dallas , i assured myself , not because i hated to see this man troubled . 
 `` your sister can help our case ; she can help us save human lives . 
 she is safe enough for the moment . '' 
 `` i could force you to open her cell , '' he said softly . 
 `` two agents are required , kyrin . 
 two . 
 i doubt you could subdue me and prop up jaxon at the same time . '' 
 `` i can not allow you to hurt her , mia . 
 do you understand that ? '' 
 `` then let 's work something out . 
 tell me what you know about atlanna and the abductions . 
 tell me where to find her . 
 i know you 're not the killer , but i also know you 're involved somehow . '' 
 he stilled , surprise darkening his features . 
 `` what exactly do you know about me ? '' 
 `` that you had contact with each of the victims . 
 that you were dating rianne harte . '' 
 i paused . 
 very carefully , i flicked a glance toward my gun . 
 ten steps , and i 'd have it . 
 i 'd stun him and force him to my will . 
 simple . 
 easy . 
 yeah , right . 
 i inched to my right , trying to appear casual . 
 `` i know that fertility is at the heart of the matter . 
 is atlanna trying to make babies and sell them ? '' 
 he tangled a hand in his hair and blinked up at the ceiling . 
 i took another step . 
 his gaze swung back to me , colliding with mine . 
 his expression was unreadable . 
 silence wrapped around us like a blanket , thick , heavy , and oppressive . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw an agent hand jack some sort of tool . 
 jack crouched , and i heard the grind of steel against steel . 
 he was going to dismantle the hinges . 
 desperation struck me . 
 another step.another . 
 `` kyrin - , '' i said . 
 he waved me to silence . 
 `` i refuse to cooperate with a.i.r. , '' he said , and before i could utter another word , he disappeared again . 
 there was no warning , no flash of light or mist . 
 he simply vanished from my line of vision . 
 something ... tart burned in my nose . 
 i flinched from it . 
 tried to wave the smell away . 
 grew dizzy . 
 inky fog drifted through my mind , breaking my thoughts apart . 
 i fought against the mist 's heaviness , but a strange lethargy seeped into my bones , and i floated down , down , down . 
 but i never hit the cold tile . 
 strong , comforting arms surrounded me and scooped me into a warm , male embrace . 
 i should have been afraid . 
 i was n't . 
 i should have tried to protest . 
 i did n't . 
 `` sleep , angel , '' kyrin whispered , his sweet , heated breath fanning my cheek . 
 and i did . 
 chapter 14 i awoke tied to a bed . 
 my wrists and ankles were bound to mahogany bedposts by thick straps of pink silk . 
 my weapons were gone ; i did n't feel their weight . 
 my clothing felt too airy , but i knew some sort of material draped me . 
 slivers of light seeped into the room , yet somehow that slight bit of luminescence only increased the darkness , giving way to more shadows . 
 my heart tripped inside my chest , and fear sank sharp claws inside my stomach . 
 i struggled against my bonds , trying to kick my legs , trying to loosen my hands . 
 i only managed to tighten the restraints , and with each movement , the buttery soft silk sliced deep into my skin . 
 oh , god , i could n't escape . 
 with the knowledge came panic . 
 consuming panic . 
 a sob bubbled to life in my throat . 
 air became ashes inside my lungs , burning . 
 could n't ... breathe . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 my throat swelled , constricted with terror . 
 a cold sweat trickled between my br ** sts and shoulder blades . 
 childhood memories of dark closets and horrifying aloneness spilled into my mind . 
 i squeezed my eyes tightly shut , trying to block the electrifying terror . 
 please , i tried to scream . 
 someone please help me . 
 had i been left here to die ? 
 death did not frighten me ; but i did not want to die this way . 
 not here . 
 not alone . 
 i would fight my way out . 
 i screamed as i bucked against the bonds . 
 my heart was beating so rapidly , i feared the pathetic organ would soon explode past my ribs . 
 even though my eyes were closed , i felt the room tilt and spin . 
 faster and faster . 
 shallow pants i recognized as my own echoed in my ears . 
 my struggles increased , frantic . 
 so frantic . 
 `` be at peace , mia , '' a man whispered . 
 kyrin . 
 kyrin was here . 
 have to breathe , i thought desperately . 
 another scream tried to burst from my mouth , a scream so deep and intense my vocal cords strained together , raw from exertion . 
 `` you are unharmed , '' he said in that ever-calm voice . 
 `` fuck you , '' i snarled , my voice hoarse and broken . 
 `` cut the bonds . 
 cut the f ** king bonds . '' 
 `` you are unharmed , '' he repeated , caressing his fingertips over my fevered brow , my cheeks , and my chin . 
 his touch was gentle , like pure , liquid heat and sensation , and somehow , the simple feel of him penetrated my panic . 
 i was at last able to suck in a great gulp of precious air . 
 once , twice . 
 as i breathed , i smelled a gentle rain-onadyn . 
 the fragrance invaded my senses . 
 i 'm not a child . 
 i 'm not imprisoned inside a small , dank closet . 
 my heartbeat slowed gradually , and my terror ebbed as realization settled inside my mind . 
 i was inside a bedroom , and kyrin was here beside me . 
 little by little , i ceased my struggles . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 kyrin loomed over me , his gaze boring into mine . 
 his eyes were a lighter shade of violet than ever before , and they swirled with a life all their own . 
 concern etched the lines around his frowning mouth . 
 our fingers were intertwined , i noticed , our palms flat against each other . 
 the skin on his hands was not smooth but rough and callused , the bones thick and strong . 
 heat and energy flowed through me , calming me even further . 
 sunlight dappled through brilliant sapphire curtains covering the large window on the far wall . 
 `` light , '' i said raggedly . 
 `` i need more light . '' 
 `` three shades lighter , '' kyrin said . 
 instantly glowing bulbs dripped like crystal tears from an overhead source , brightly illuminating the spacious room . 
 my gaze circled my surroundings . 
 i lay atop a large , decadent four-poster bed , a crimson velvet canopy cascading around each edge . 
 ebony-framed mirrors with gold-plated boundaries hung at each midsection of the wall . 
 bright pillows of turquoise , emerald , and ruby were scattered across a plump lounging dais , and thick floral carpet draped the polished cherry wood floors . 
 beside the window , a cobbled hearth devoid of any embers glistened , clean and inviting . 
 a place of depth and blatant sensuality , most assuredly , but at the moment , it was merely a prison . 
 i glared up at kyrin through the haze of my lashes . 
 `` release me , '' i snarled . 
 my teeth were clenched so tightly , i feared my jaw might snap . 
 now that my fear had abandoned me , fury bubbled white-hot in my blood . 
 watching me , kyrin grinned languidly and released my hands from his grip . 
 he eased back on his elbow and traced a fingertip over my thigh . 
 `` there . 
 i am no longer holding you . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant . '' 
 bastard . 
 `` cut the ties . '' 
 still grinning , he shook his head . 
 `` not just yet , i think . 
 too much do i like you where you are . 
 in my bed . 
 awaiting my pleasure . '' 
 `` i await only your demise . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` what an amusement you are , little mia . 
 where is the passionate woman i kissed ? '' 
 his finger continued to dance atop my skin . 
 `` do you still lie to yourself about your desires , or just to me ? '' 
 i trembled again , unable to halt the motion , then tried to mask my growing arousal and awareness of him with heated words . 
 `` get your hands off of me before i cut them off . '' 
 the wide expanse of his shoulders lifted in a shrug . 
 but he did n't remove his hand . 
 `` i meant only to give you pleasure . '' 
 or perhaps he meant only to make me scream , i realized . 
 perhaps he hoped to break my spirit . 
 well , i would not allow that to happen . 
 glowering , i jerked up my knee , dislodging his fingers . 
 `` you want to pleasure me ? 
 let me go . '' 
 his head angled to the right ; his gaze never wavered . 
 `` why does being bound upset you so ? 
 some women have found it quite exciting . '' 
 `` well , those women are idiots . '' 
 i tried once again to tug myself free from the restraints , ignoring throbs of pain as the silk cut deeper into my skin . 
 a trickle of blood slithered down my arm , warm against my chilled skin , then dripped off my bare elbow and onto the sheet . 
 `` be still , '' he chided . 
 `` you have hurt yourself . '' 
 his face strained with intense concentration as he opened his palms and circled them around my ankles . 
 warm , tingling heat arced up my calves , then slowly cooled to relaxing perfection . 
 i hated to admit it , but i did n't want him to stop . 
 the sensations were too entrancing . 
 too ... right . 
 they were creating a deep hum of carnality within me . 
 i wanted to spread my legs and invite those magic fingers inside . 
 i wanted his mouth on the heat of me , lost in my essence . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i questioned , nearly breathless . 
 my back arched . 
 `` shh , '' was all he said . 
 he caressed his hands up my thighs , over my belly , and to my wrists . 
 i bit back a moan . 
 god , he felt good . 
 he paused a moment to study the tattoo on my wrist . 
 he traced his finger over the black scythe and smiled slowly . 
 `` how appropriate . '' 
 he deviated to the scar on my inner arm-a little present i 'd received from a crazed mec . 
 he placed a light kiss over the raised , jagged flesh . 
 our eyes met . 
 his lips were inches from mine . 
 so close , in fact , i felt the sweetness of his breath on my nose . 
 i melted in response . 
 soon the same drugging warmth settled in my arms , cooling all too quickly . 
 when kyrin eased himself away , my wrists and ankles no longer ached . 
 but my body did-it ached for the return of his weight . 
 i gulped , then asked , `` why did you bring me here ? '' 
 my traitorous body might yearn for him , but my mind knew better . 
 his features became a mask of resignation . 
 `` i brought you here because we have much to discuss . 
 uninterrupted . 
 without your pyre-gun at the ready . '' 
 `` what makes you think i 'll talk to you here , hmm ? '' 
 he gave another chuckle , that rich , rumbling chuckle that washed all over me , as intimate and inviting as the sweetest kiss . 
 `` as if you could resist . '' 
 i released a frustrated growl . 
 he was right . 
 `` just f ** king release me ! '' 
 `` were i to do that , you would lash out , and we would spend our time together fighting instead of talking . '' 
 i chewed on my bottom lip and remained silent . 
 i could n't deny his charge without lying , and while i did n't mind lying to this man , i knew he 'd know the truth , so what was the use ? 
 `` a.i.r. will come for you . 
 they 'll trace you by your voice . '' 
 `` one , i am not in your database . 
 and two , there are no amplifiers here . 
 no recorders . 
 even if there were , my home was constructed of soundproof walls . 
 i doubt a.i.r. even knows this place exists . '' 
 i shifted my h * ps atop the comforter , away from him ... and for the first time saw what i wore . 
 i was dressed in a white gauzy froth of a gown . 
 pleats gathered in a low circle at my neck , then split down the middle to cover my br ** sts , yet bare my stomach . 
 the soft material gathered again at my waist , riding low on my hips , then draped me from leg to ankle with a thin see-through veil . 
 a bejeweled armband circled my bicep . 
 mesmerizing purple stones , too light to be amethysts and too luminescent to be of this earth , formed an intricate pattern around the base . 
 my nails dug into my palms . 
 how dare he undress me , then redress me so scantily ? 
 `` where are my weapons ? 
 my pants and boots ? '' 
 unconcerned with my questions , kyrin lifted a strand of my hair . 
 the dark lock proved an erotic contrast to the paleness of his skin . 
 `` i like your hair this way , '' he said . 
 `` unbound . 
 like a black thundercloud around your face . '' 
 next he trailed a finger over my breast , causing my nipple to pebble and my breath to hitch . 
 i quelled the urge to dissolve into his touch . 
 when had i become so eager for a man ? 
 so needy ? 
 when had i become such a slave to my senses ? 
 `` i want my clothes back , '' i said , purposefully making my tone harsh . 
 his gaze traveled the length of my body . 
 `` do you not like this gown ? '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he smiled slowly . 
 `` tell me , kyrin . 
 did you enjoy yourself ? 
 undressing a helpless , unconscious woman ? '' 
 with exaggerated movements , he leaned into me until our faces were inches apart . 
 `` i doubt you have ever been helpless , tai la mar. '' i lifted my head , closing even more distance . 
 my nose brushed the tip of his . 
 `` you have one minute to return every article of clothing , every weapon that you stole from me . 
 or i 'll - or i 'll - '' his brows curved with insolence . 
 `` or you 'll what ? '' 
 god , i did n't know . 
 my head flopped onto the pillow , and i screeched . 
 he did n't hesitate , did n't even seem concerned when he admitted , `` i have already destroyed your clothing and your weapons . '' 
 `` you f ** king bastard . '' 
 `` do not be angry i have dressed you so . 
 i wanted to see you in the attire of my homeland . '' 
 his voice lacked any hint of remorse , held only a husky resonance of desire . 
 `` and i must tell you , dark angel , that garbed as you are , you look like sex . 
 rare , carnal sex . 
 you are more beautiful than i had imagined ... '' he leaned closer with every word , closing the distance between us again as if he did n't like to be separated . 
 `` and imagine you i did . 
 naked , under me , over me , taking me inside your body and - '' `` shut up , '' i said on a wispy catch of breath . 
 moisture pooled between my legs . 
 do n't soften . 
 he 's strapped you to his bed . 
 his gaze fastened on my lips , then moved to my eyes . 
 i held his stare , the air around us thickened with sexual tension . 
 abruptly he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 not yet . '' 
 breaking the strange spell he possessed on my senses , he jolted up and stalked to the window . 
 keeping his back to me , he said , `` i want to kiss you again , but i will not until i have explained some things to you . '' 
 here he drew in a sharp breath . 
 `` you can not leave this house , mia . 
 the armband will see to that . '' 
 i blinked in confusion . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` do you stray outside of this home , a shock will begin at the band and travel the length of your entire body . 
 the pain , intense and consuming as it will be , will only cease when you reenter my home . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` i tell you this not to anger or scare you , '' he said , `` but to warn you what an attempted escape will bring . 
 you will remain here as my guest until our business is concluded . '' 
 the husky timbre of his voice was so finite , so resolute . 
 my god , he really was telling the truth . 
 he thought to trap me like an animal , to take away my freedom and rights . 
 my toes curled with the force of my distress . 
 `` did you abduct rianne harte and tie her this way ? '' 
 he pivoted and faced me , his eyes tortured . 
 `` i tried to protect rianne . '' 
 `` the same way your sister tried to protect william steele ? '' 
 i sneered . 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw ; he did n't answer . 
 `` this is not the way to woo a woman into your arms . '' 
 his brows lifted . 
 `` is it not ? '' 
 he eased beside me again , his hip pressed against mine , and lifted another tendril of my hair . 
 he shifted the glossy strands through his fingers , watched them fall , then recaptured them , desire growing in his expression . 
 `` perhaps i should try and prove you wrong . '' 
 the knowledge of my imprisonment warred with my still-swirling desire . 
 keep talking , i told myself . 
 `` you never told me what type of business we have , what was worth risking your life to abduct me from my own workplace . '' 
 `` at first i thought to trade you for my sister , '' he admitted , caressing my hair against his cheek . 
 his eyes closed in surrender , just as my scalp tingled with heady sensation . 
 i jerked my head to the side , quickly and efficiently tugging the inky locks from his hands . 
 `` an agent 's creed is duty before emotion . 
 a.i.r. will not negotiate for my release . '' 
 `` your colleges would sentence you to death ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` in a heartbeat , '' i answered . 
 no , that was n't true . 
 they would hunt him down and fight for me , just like i 'd do for them . 
 kyrin 's chin edged to the side , his eyes lit with curiosity . 
 `` and this does not upset you ? '' 
 i understood a.i.r. 's policies . 
 i 'd even helped make them . 
 `` why set a killer free to save one life ? 
 the killer will then take many more . '' 
 `` this conversation is moot , '' he said with a wave of his hand . 
 `` before you woke , i had already decided not to trade you . '' 
 dread unfurled inside me . 
 `` then what do you plan to do with me ? 
 how long do you hope to keep me here ? '' 
 he deliberated a moment , before answering evasively , `` i will keep you only as long as needed to gain your trust . '' 
 trust ? 
 was he serious ? 
 i snorted . 
 `` you trusted me once , to help you catch atlanna . '' 
 `` you 've got me tied to a bed . 
 how can i ever trust you again ? '' 
 i trusted so few , anyway , and those i did were human . 
 `` i did not think you a foolish man until just now . '' 
 `` we shall see , '' was his only reply . 
 he eased to his feet and stepped toward the door . 
 a small ember of panic sparked to life . 
 i wrenched again at my bonds . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` do n't leave me here . '' 
 he paused , faced me . 
 i collapsed against the soft mattress . 
 i had to say something , anything , to keep him here . 
 i did n't want to be alone again . 
 `` why are you so secretive about atlanna ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` are you helping her ? 
 is keeping me here a plan you 've concocted together ? '' 
 that tortured gleam returned to his eyes . 
 `` no . 
 i 'd rather die than aid her . '' 
 `` then let me go and help me find her . '' 
 `` i will help you , mia . 
 you . 
 not a.i.r. i detest all hunters . '' 
 `` i am a hunter . '' 
 our gazes clashed , and i was helpless to glance away . 
 `` you , '' he said , `` i am willing to rethink . '' 
 he pushed out a breath . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 my stomach knotted in protest , but i said , `` yes . '' 
 food always relaxed people . 
 made them more willing to talk . 
 `` we shall eat . '' 
 `` you 'll have to untie me , '' i said , making a conscious effort not to beg . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i had thought to bring you food in here , but i have decided to trust you the way i hope you 'll trust me . 
 you must give me your word that you will not fight me . '' 
 `` i vow i will not murder you until after our meal . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 grinning , he said , `` after we eat , i will simply retie you . 
 how is that ? '' 
 he approached me , slipped a small , thin blade from his pocket , and gently cut the silk that bound me . 
 once freed , i reacted on instinct . 
 sitting up and jerking back my elbow in one fluid motion , i made a fist and punched him . 
 my knuckles connected with the top portion of his cheekbone . 
 his head whipped to the side . 
 when i made no other move to attack him , he slowly turned back to face me . 
 he fingered the now reddened skin . 
 `` i said i would n't kill you , and i have n't . 
 i said nothing about beating the shit out of you . '' 
 `` my mistake , '' he said . 
 `` do n't ever tie me up again , '' i growled . 
 `` now , let 's eat . '' 
 chapter 15 guilt wound through me as i sat at kyrin 's dining table , feasting on rosemary salad and shrimp scampi . 
 dallas lay in the hospital , fighting for his life . 
 hunters were probably scouring the city limits for me . 
 yet here i lounged atop a high-backed gold satin chair , stuffing my face with delicacies . 
 worse , i was actually enjoying myself . 
 kyrin and i had formed a sort of truce . 
 for now , this moment , we were simply a man and a woman , enjoying a delicious meal . 
 a hand-carved egyptian tabletop separated us , but our legs were close enough to touch , and touch me he did , caressing his thigh against mine . 
 the softness of his pants and the thinness of my veil created an unignorable friction . 
 i found myself breathlessly awaiting his next touch . 
 `` would you care for dessert ? '' 
 he asked , easing back on the brocade bench . 
 my mouth watered . 
 `` yes , '' i said , the cool air wafting along the walls and tormenting my bare skin . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 one of his servants , who refused to meet my gaze , arranged a porcelain platter of chocolate eclairs and blackberry truffles directly in front of me . 
 i almost purred in sheer joy . 
 since the near annihilation of the cocoa plant , chocolate was considered a rare treasure . 
 only the most wealthy and influential of people were able to acquire it . 
 before he 'd decided he did n't like me , my father had given me a chocolate treat . 
 i still remembered how wonderful it had been . 
 how i 'd begged for more , but he 'd had only the one . 
 with shaky fingers , i placed one gently in my mouth and ... my taste buds burst . 
 oh , my god . 
 my eyes closed of their own accord as pure surrender dissolved in my mouth . 
 that 's what chocolate tasted like . 
 pure surrender . 
 kill me now , i thought , because i 've finally entered the gates of paradise . 
 when able , i opened my eyes . 
 kyrin was watching me , molten fire in his eyes . 
 i held his stare for a protracted minute . 
 `` are all arcadians as ... sexual as you ? '' 
 he grinned sheepishly . 
 `` we are a highly sexual race , yes . '' 
 i forced my gaze away from him and watched the flickering vanilla - and cinnamon-scented candles . 
 shadows and light frolicked along the rose-tinted floral-painted walls , dancing with the flames . 
 those same shadows had danced across kyrin 's face , giving his cheekbones a stark , almost harsh appearance . 
 my attention veered to the surrounding furniture . 
 a sea of vivid colors and textures , eclectic all , filled his home . 
 fresh flowers overflowed from end tables , and the edges of a finely woven rug were fringed with those same flower petals . 
 elegant ivory chairs offset a silver-flecked wall . 
 such wealth amazed me . 
 `` how did you acquire all of this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he lifted his shoulders in a shrug . 
 `` arcadia is rich in the rocks your world holds dear . 
 diamonds , gold , sapphires , and many more . 
 when i came through the interworld portal , i simply brought those things with me . '' 
 the more he spoke , the more intrigued i was . 
 `` tell me about arcadia . '' 
 `` it 's much smaller than this world and much more crowded , with barely room to breathe . 
 our people live so long that the population is never evened out . '' 
 he fingered the rim of his wineglass . 
 `` we enacted a law years ago forbidding women to have more than one child , but many have them in secret . '' 
 `` you are obviously more technically advanced than us , which explains your ability to molecularly transport outside . '' 
 `` we 've yet to master indoor transportation without seriously damaging ourselves . 
 whoever tries ends up with pieces of the wall or furniture inside them , and dies soon after . '' 
 `` since you 're determined to stay here , perhaps you should be working with our scientists to help advance this world . '' 
 `` or perhaps , '' he said , meeting my stare dead on , `` technological advancement does more harm than good . '' 
 my brow furrowed . 
 `` explain . '' 
 glancing down at his food , he gave another shrug . 
 he could n't hide or mask the haunted pall that settled over his features . 
 `` innocent people die during experimentation . 
 sometimes they die horrible deaths . '' 
 i leaned back in my seat , keeping my gaze on him . 
 `` i 'm beginning to figure you out , kyrin . 
 you 've done some things you 're ashamed of . 
 do n't try to deny it , '' i said when he opened his mouth to speak . 
 `` figuring people out is part of my job . 
 you performed experiments , did n't you ? 
 those experiments killed people . 
 at the shootout with atlanna , you mentioned atoning for past sins . '' 
 he did n't reply . 
 `` listen , you can rest easy . 
 if people volunteer for the job , they willingly accept the risk . 
 i do n't see the problem . '' 
 `` and if they do not volunteer ? '' 
 all right , so he obviously had n't had permission for whatever experiments he 'd done . 
 i did n't know what to say to that . 
 was the scientist a monster for trying to advance society , no matter the cost ? 
 did the ends negate the means ? 
 as a paid killer , i 'd often thought so . 
 `` did you work for atlanna at one time ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 she 'd funded rianne hart 's research , so the woman had her fingers in science . 
 kyrin scooted his plate away . 
 `` dinner is finished . '' 
 bingo . 
 `` what did you help her do ? '' 
 `` i did not help her abduct or kill any of the men , i assure you . '' 
 his voice was strained . 
 `` now , dinner is finished . '' 
 fine-i let it go . 
 for now . 
 because , well , i believed him . 
 he had n't killed the men , had n't helped . 
 i blinked at my plate , only just then realizing that i 'd eaten every bite and nibbled every crumb of chocolate . 
 i sighed . 
 `` yes , dinner is over . '' 
 `` will you force me to bind you now ? '' 
 he asked , folding his arms over his chest , `` or will you behave ? '' 
 my teeth ground together . 
 `` i 'm not a child . '' 
 his gaze raked over me , and he said , `` you most definitely are not a child . '' 
 `` what makes you think i 'll allow you to tie me a second time ? '' 
 `` you live for challenge , and i like that about you . 
 it makes me feel alive . 
 i never feel so alive as when i 'm with you . '' 
 the same could be said of me . 
 the realization hit me , and i almost made a play for the nearest exit . 
 it was scary , the way he affected me . 
 i forced myself to stay seated . 
 i had kyrin exactly where jaxon and i had wanted him-readily available to probe for information . 
 of course , i had three disadvantages to being here instead of the station house . 
 one , none of my weapons were in my possession . 
 two , this was kyrin 's turf , not mine . 
 and three , i was practically naked . 
 this damn gown was made for enticement , not war . 
 well , i thought in the next instant , i could actually use the gown to my benefit . 
 i sipped my wine and reclined in the satin-cushioned chair , eyeing him expectantly . 
 `` before we end our truce , i have some more questions for you . '' 
 `` ask , '' he said . 
 so i did . 
 `` you did n't use molecular transfer at the station house . 
 so how exactly were you able to appear and disappear so quickly ? '' 
 `` i did not disappear . 
 not really . 
 i simply moved faster than your eye could see . '' 
 `` you could have sped away like that before our little tussle in the hospital parking lot . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 the gleam in his eyes became wicked . 
 `` if i had , though , i never would have had full body contact with you . '' 
 i tried to hide a grin . 
 how like a man . 
 `` not all arcadians can do that , '' i said . 
 `` move so quickly , i mean . '' 
 `` very few can , '' he said , pride lacing his tone . 
 as i regarded him , curiosity filled me . 
 not just about the arcadians , but about this one particularly . 
 `` why is it you can ? '' 
 `` quite simply , it is an ability i was born with . 
 all arcadians are blessed with certain abilities . 
 lilla , for example , has a great capacity for mind control . '' 
 `` and you do not ? '' 
 i asked , realizing he 'd never tried to dictate my actions with his mind . 
 one point in his favor . 
 `` i am telepathic , able to speak my thoughts inside others ' heads , but dominating that person 's actions is not an ability i possess . 
 nor one i care to . '' 
 `` why use mind control when you can use force , right ? '' 
 i patted the armband . 
 `` what i do , i do for the greater good . 
 is n't that how you do your job ? '' 
 i jolted upright , leveling him with a frown . 
 `` what are you trying to say ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` what other questions do you have for me ? '' 
 `` i want to know if i 'm right . 
 i want to know if atlanna is making babies . '' 
 `` yes , '' he answered simply . 
 carefully . 
 a piece of the puzzle clicked firmly in place . 
 i 'd been right . 
 fertility . 
 babies . 
 the bitch planned to create as many children as she could and sell them for profit . 
 what kind of sick woman did that ? 
 and why the hell was she abducting human men ? 
 did she have human followers and was mating them ? 
 `` what 's your involvement ? 
 you had dinner with william steele the night before his abduction . 
 why ? '' 
 his expression became leery . 
 `` i befriended william not to hurt him , but to help him . '' 
 my brows arched . 
 `` and did you ? 
 did you actually help him ? '' 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw . 
 `` i am well aware that my aid did him no good . 
 i do not need your reminder . '' 
 his accent was growing thicker , more pronounced , with each word he spoke . 
 i 'd hit a nerve . 
 `` i know you warned the men in hopes of atonement , but that makes me wonder how you knew they were in danger in the first place . '' 
 `` how can i trust you with the truth , mia snow ? '' 
 `` if you want me to learn to trust you , you must also learn to trust me . '' 
 he lifted his crystal flute to his lips and drained the rich burgundy contents . 
 `` you have n't asked what atlanna is doing with the children , '' he said , taking the focus off himself . 
 his chin tilted to the side . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` she plans to sell them . 
 i could guess that much . '' 
 `` some of them , yes . '' 
 `` and the rest ? '' 
 `` she 's a scientist at heart . 
 the others , well , she 's using them in experiments . '' 
 i stiffened . 
 `` you make it sound like the children have been born , but there has n't been time . 
 william and the others were taken recently . '' 
 `` william and the others were n't the first . 
 they are only the ones you know about . 
 many children have already been born . '' 
 my god . 
 revulsion for this woman 's crimes and pity for the innocent babies being sold to the highest bidder , or worse , filled me . 
 `` what kind of experiments ? '' 
 as i spoke , hatred-pure , undiluted hatred-sparked to life inside me . 
 i wanted atlanna dead . 
 i wanted her to suffer . 
 and i wanted to be the one who made her suffer . 
 kyrin pressed his lips together and set his glass aside . 
 `` you wo n't tell me , '' i said , a statement , not a question . 
 i bit my tongue to keep from spewing a mouthful of curses . 
 `` that is correct . 
 not yet , at least . '' 
 `` i want to know . '' 
 i slammed my fist against the table . 
 `` now ! '' 
 `` you are not ready for the truth . '' 
 i gripped my fork so tightly , color drained from my knuckles . 
 `` you know i will hunt her and kill her . 
 you know i will do my best to save those babies . 
 that is what matters here . 
 nothing else . 
 or do you want atlanna alive ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i want her dead , just as you , but there is more to this situation than you understand . '' 
 `` explain it to me . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm willing to listen . '' 
 hair swaying at his temples , he shook his head . 
 `` i told you . 
 you are not yet ready for the truth , mia . '' 
 before i could respond to that , he added , `` would you like to discuss your friend dallas ? '' 
 my shoulders straightened . 
 i leaned forward and rested my elbows on the table , letting the subject of atlanna be temporarily shelved . 
 `` you will heal him ? '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 i vaulted to my feet , my gown swirling at my ankles . 
 my chair skidded behind me , then landed on its back with a loud thump . 
 `` i have had enough of your half-ass answers and youare-not-ready-to-know-the-truth shit . 
 our truce is over . '' 
 slowly he stood , disappointment deepening the lines around his mouth . 
 `` let us work together , like before . 
 were n't those your words to me ? '' 
 `` i 'm willing to do that , you 're not . 
 if you wo n't answer my questions , you 're not interested in working with me . '' 
 `` there is so much you do n't know . '' 
 `` so tell me . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i just-can ` t. come . 
 i will escort you back to the room . '' 
 `` i meant what i said . 
 you 'll have to fight me . '' 
 `` if that is your wish . 
 you will merely end up tied to the bed again . '' 
 `` think it will be that easy , do you ? '' 
 i laughed , the sound completely devoid of humor . 
 `` if you come near me right now , i 'll drain your blood into a bowl and let you die here . '' 
 i said it so calmly , so assuredly , my words left a cold pallor in the room . 
 he pursed his lips , looking as casual and at ease as if he were selecting which pastry to consume for breakfast , the cocky bastard . 
 `` you 'll understand if i defend myself ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i 'd be disappointed if you did n't . 
 will your servants interfere ? '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 they will not disturb us '' - his eyes shimmered with depraved anticipation - `` no matter what sounds you make . '' 
 `` very well , then . 
 one ass-kicking , coming up . '' 
 i moved around the table with deliberate slowness , heading straight for him . 
 he stepped in the opposite direction . 
 we circled each other , and impatience thrummed through me . 
 i stopped and cocked a finger at him . 
 `` come here . 
 if you have the courage . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i happen to like where i stand . '' 
 he was going to use his lightning-quick abilities . 
 i could see it in his eyes , and i could n't allow him that advantage . 
 before he could take his next breath , i grabbed the bowl of rosemary vinaigrette and tossed the contents in his face , porcelain and all . 
 the liquid splashed into his eyes and mouth as the bowl thumped against his forehead . 
 he grunted , then he howled . 
 i guess vinaigrette burns . 
 ha ! 
 i controlled the urge to grin . 
 i leaped atop the dark , glossy table surface-and almost toppled to the floor when my foot caught the hem of my skirt . 
 my amusement faded as i righted myself . 
 i pitched three more platters at him in quick succession . 
 as he rubbed his eyes , he tried to dodge each missile . 
 he only managed to bump into his chair and trip on the edge of the carpet . 
 while he lay there , unable to see , i paused to admire my handiwork . 
 noodles and vegetables dripped from his saturated clothing . 
 my alien salad , i thought smugly . 
 but it was n't enough . 
 he 'd abducted me , held me captive , stripped me , and forced me to wear this flimsy p ** n costume . 
 he deserved more . 
 he refused to give me all of the answers i needed , and thought perhaps he might help dallas . 
 well , that was n't good enough . 
 i 'd originally hoped to force him to my will by imprisoning him , and that plan had n't changed . 
 he 'd just changed the location of his capture . 
 determined , i jumped onto the carpet and punched him with every ounce of strength i possessed . 
 his chin swung to the side , and he rolled onto the expensive rug i 'd just ruined with food . 
 he tried to stabilize himself , tried to work his way to his knees , but i kicked his stomach . 
 his breath jolted from his lungs . 
 i shoved his shoulder , spinning him to his back . 
 then i jumped on him , straddled his waist , and pinned him where he lay . 
 `` abduct me , will you ? '' 
 i ground my fist into his left eye . 
 `` tie me to a bed , will you ? '' 
 i smashed my fist into his right eye . 
 `` refuse to answer me , will - '' my words sliced to a halt when his hands grabbed my h * ps and jerked me down to his chest . 
 hardness to softness . 
 one of his sticky palms twisted in my hair and yanked me close , until only a breath of air separated us . 
 he smelled of rosemary . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you , '' he warned . 
 `` not the sweet , lingering kisses of your earth men , not like last time , but the hard , thorough kiss of the arcadians . '' 
 `` do it , and i 'll bite your tongue off , '' i told him heatedly , but i made no move to pull away . 
 no , i sank more snugly into him , and my nerve endings burst with sensation . 
 `` i 'm not done kicking your ass , '' i said , this time without any ire at all in my tone , but breathless . 
 i should n't want him like this . 
 i know i 'd told myself that before , and i 'd probably have to give myself the reminder a thousand times more . 
 the man was forbidden to me . 
 perhaps that was his allure . 
 like the time my mother told me not to eat that box of cookies . 
 the moment she 'd spoken the words , those damn cookies had suddenly become more delicious looking . 
 i 'd had to have them . 
 i 'd eaten them , of course , and earned myself a roaring stomachache . 
 the hand on my hip traveled down , cupping my ass . 
 fire simmered underneath my skin , the flames licking over me , deep and dark . 
 my growing hunger for him was nearly as seductive as the man himself . 
 `` if you ca n't be honest with me , '' he said , `` at least be honest with yourself . 
 you want me . 
 we 've kissed before , you know how good it can be . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the word held a wealth of meaning . 
 he jerked me closer until nothing separated us . 
 my lips parted , ready . 
 and then he ravaged my mouth there on his dining room floor . 
 over and over he teased his tongue past my teeth , stroking inside , taking . 
 demanding . 
 devouring . 
 my hands glided under his shirt . 
 my fingertips kneaded his muscles , pinched his ni ** les , and he groaned . 
 such strength . 
 such heat . 
 his energy hummed inside me , a potent vibrancy that ignited my blood and made every inch of me sing . 
 i uttered a low , needy moan of my own . 
 `` mia , '' he said harshly . 
 the sound slammed into me , fueling my passion . 
 his ragged breath fanned my nose and cheek as our tongues danced and sparred . 
 the sheer desperation in his kiss filled my head , invaded and consumed my senses . 
 `` you taste so good , '' i breathed . 
 `` better than chocolate . '' 
 `` i 've been desperate to taste you again , '' he whispered hotly . 
 he tried to tell me something else , but switched to a language i did n't understand . 
 he gripped my ass more tightly , fitting me snugly against the thickness of his erection . 
 i ground into him , mimicking the motions of sex , all the while loathing our clothing . 
 my tongue moved against his in sync with the movements of our bodies . 
 i shook with the force of my need , oh , how i shook . 
 my control teetered on the brink of elimination . 
 i 'd never experienced anything like this , never experienced anything so intense , as if i needed him to survive . 
 what the hell was wrong with me ? 
 i could n't allow this . 
 i had to regain command of myself . 
 i shoved away from him , but he just rolled me to my back and fit himself more snugly against me . 
 the apex of my thighs cradled his erection . 
 before i could utter a single protest , his lips once again took possession of mine . 
 the softness of his lips ... the lingering wine on his tongue ... i almost caved . 
 almost . 
 i jostled him to his back . 
 `` enough , '' i said , knowing hunger still glittered in my eyes . 
 his eyelids were at half-mast , and his features glowed , actually glowed , with ardor . 
 he was elemental and raw , and the hard length of his body pressed against me , demanding attention . 
 duty and desire and fear warred within me . 
 ultimately , duty and fear won . 
 i hated myself for what i was about to do , but even as i inwardly cursed myself , i reached out with my fingertips and latched on to a nearby porcelain bowl . 
 sometime during our kiss , i 'd lost my anger , and i did n't want to actually hurt him . 
 `` i need to leave now , '' i said . 
 and then i smashed the dish against his temple . 
 his eyes went wide , then closed . 
 his body jerked , then stilled . 
 i stayed where i was for a long moment , just watching him . 
 a bump grew on his forehead , only to quickly disappear . 
 his color remained good . 
 with a shaky hand , i reached out and placed my palm over his heart . 
 a gentle thump , thump greeted me . 
 guilt wound through me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 i leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips . 
 i stood . 
 i did n't know what part of the city i was now in . 
 i was n't even wearing shoes , and i was 99 percent sure i looked like a p ** n star . 
 still , if i had to , i was going to drag this rock-solid alien outside and flag down a car . 
 and if i could n't find a car , i would drag him all the way to the station house on foot . 
 there i 'd stun him , then haul him to the hospital . 
 after that , i 'd lock him up until he gave me all the information i needed to find atlanna . 
 no more evasions . 
 i made a quick search for a phone unit . 
 did n't find one . 
 however , i did find a road kill special , an antique that used bullets instead of fire , and confiscated it . 
 i strapped the barrel to my waist . 
 i stepped behind my captive and locked my arms around his chest , propping his back against my chest . 
 slowly i dragged him to the front door , each backward step i took requiring every ounce of my strength . 
 the man weighed more than dallas . 
 thankfully , the servants remained out of sight , just as kyrin had promised . 
 inside the foyer , i eased kyrin to the marble floor . 
 i turned the knob with my free hand and shoved open the front door . 
 a cold wind immediately blustered around me , and a shiver raked my spine . 
 damn . 
 i 'd forgotten about the snow . 
 if i had to , i could go without a coat , but i desperately needed shoes . 
 kneeling in front of kyrin , i removed his boots and socks , then fit both on my own feet . 
 they were too big , way too big , but they would have to work . 
 thankfully the closet beside me boasted an assortment of men 's coats , so i would n't have to go without one . 
 i tore the one nearest me from its hanger and secured the heavy wool around my shoulders , then did the same for kyrin . 
 that done , i once more gathered my burden and hauled him outside . 
 the moment i stepped beyond the threshold , a sharp , piercing ache began at my left bicep , exactly where the armband rested , then traveled and grew in intensity throughout the rest of my body . 
 i was able to ignore the pain at first , but that soon proved impossible . 
 too much pain . 
 sharp , prickling . 
 everywhere . 
 surely my head would burst . 
 i doubled over and dropped to my knees , barely feeling the ice as nausea churned inside my stomach . 
 `` did i not warn you of this ? '' 
 kyrin sighed beside me . 
 i gasped . 
 `` why ... are n't ... you ... unconscious ? '' 
 `` i heal quickly , remember ? '' 
 he trudged to his feet . 
 the torrent of agony continued to beat at me , hammering , eroding my determination with the savage intensity of a tempest . 
 i smashed my lips together to keep from screaming . 
 i did n't even think to protest when he draped his arm around my shoulders , helped me stand , and led me back toward the house . 
 along the way , he confiscated the gun i 'd found . 
 i could n't summon the energy to care . 
 when we eased inside , my pain instantly vanished . 
 my head cleared . 
 i drew in several shaky breaths . 
 kyrin positioned himself in front of me , and i pulled my gaze from his bare feet up his black trousers , and glared into his amused gaze . 
 `` take this damn thing off me . '' 
 i attempted to rip the cold metal away , yet it remained firmly in place , snaked around my arm . 
 `` we still have much to discuss , so you will remain my guest . 
 this i have already explained . '' 
 `` it 's you who refuses to finish our conversation . '' 
 my hands clenched into fists . 
 `` you will remove this band , or i will - '' `` what ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 his hair was plastered to his head and gleamed with oil . 
 there was a noodle stuck to his neck . 
 `` try again to render me unconscious with a bowl of food ? '' 
 a muscle ticked below my eye . 
 this situation was not amusing to me . 
 `` do n't you ever kiss me again . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 grin slowly fading to a frown , he reached out and caressed a fingertip across my cheek . 
 `` we must find common ground or many of your people will die . '' 
 i grabbed his jacket lapels and jerked him closer . 
 `` is that a threat ? '' 
 `` it is reality . '' 
 `` why do you even care ? 
 you 're an other-worlder . 
 why do you care about human lives ? '' 
 `` i live on this world , mia . 
 it is my home . 
 i want peace with your people , and that will never be achieved when we are blamed for every crime . '' 
 i pushed out a sigh , losing the darkest heat of my rage . 
 `` i 'm willing to work with you , okay , but you have to compromise with me . '' 
 `` compromise ? 
 all of your compromises aid you , no one else . 
 you wish me to save your friend , yet remain unwilling to set my sister free . '' 
 we stared at each other , both considering the other 's words . 
 finally , he rubbed a weary hand down his face . 
 `` we are getting nowhere with this conversation , '' he said , his voice turning deep , rhythmic , hypnotic . 
 `` you will sleep . '' 
 that tart , cloying fragrance i was coming to loathe engulfed me . 
 i fought against what i knew was coming , but darkness propelled me into sweet oblivion . 
 chapter 16 my dreams were erotic . 
 kyrin slowly peeled away my clothing , and i did the same to him . 
 his breath was hot on my skin as he licked my neck , nipped at my chin . 
 his muscles were hard and taut , and i knew he fought for control . 
 that he wanted to take me , claim me . 
 `` do n't stop , '' i said on a moan , arching into him . 
 only now , in this dream world , could i admit my deepest desires . 
 `` do n't stop . '' 
 `` always you command , '' he said on a ragged laugh , his voice heavily accented , `` but worry not . 
 i will never stop . 
 promise me you will never leave me , '' he said . 
 `` i need you too badly . 
 i crave you too fiercely . '' 
 he kissed me , and i welcomed his tongue . 
 he always tasted so good , like a forbidden drug i should n't have but could n't resist . 
 i whispered his name . 
 the sound awakened me . 
 my eyelids popped open . 
 my heartbeat was thundering in my chest , and my breathing was ragged . 
 when i calmed long moments later-though i did n't think my heartbeat would ever slow-i scanned my surroundings . 
 i was in kyrin 's bed . 
 alone . 
 sweat soaked my gown to my skin , but at least my wrists and ankles were free . 
 had kyrin experienced a similar dream ? 
 i wondered . 
 that dream had been more vivid than any of the others , almost as if he truly had been there with me . 
 i did n't know what to think of that . 
 i stumbled from the warmth and softness of the mattress and padded to the window . 
 the carpet plumped beneath my feet . 
 my shoes were missing ; well , the shoes i 'd stolen from kyrin . 
 i rubbed the sleep from my eyes and swept aside the velvety curtains . 
 moonlight spilled across the night , painting the snow-covered forest with muted gold and silver . 
 leafless trees sprang from the earth in a wide arch , almost kissing the heavens . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 i 'd never seen so many trees or so much uncultivated land . 
 a lone figure caught and held my gaze as it emerged from the house . 
 a man . 
 he was tall , his white hair blending with the snow as he disappeared inside a two-story brick garage . 
 kyrin . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 a moment later , a black jag sped from the garage and onto a gravel road . 
 where was he going ? 
 i lifted my hand to the window , and the chilly glass against my over-warm skin made me gasp . 
 what was he planning to do ? 
 for the moment , the answers did n't matter , so i was n't going to worry about them . 
 he was gone , and i could use that to my advantage , could hopefully find some sort of outside communication device . 
 servants milled around all the rooms , going about their duties . 
 no one said a word to me while i explored the entire house . 
 an hour later , i still had not found a single phone unit or computer . 
 i approached a servant , intent on questioning her , but her eyes widened in horror and she raced away . 
 the others soon followed . 
 `` i give up , '' i said , throwing my hands in the air . 
 damn , damn , damn . 
 i stomped back into kyrin 's bedroom and plopped onto the bench beside the hearth . 
 i used the time alone to work at the armband , trying to somehow unwind it . 
 the metal remained firm and unyielding . 
 while i was distracted , a female servant emerged from her hiding place and rushed to the door , a haze of white hair and violet froth . 
 she slammed the heavy wood , then clicked the lock in place . 
 `` i need to talk to you , '' i called , already on my feet . 
 racing footsteps greeted my ears . 
 i dropped back into my seat . 
 two hours passed . 
 two miserable hours . 
 i wrote down every experiment i could think of that could be performed on babies . 
 by the time i got to number six , i wanted to vomit . 
 my hatred for atlanna increased . 
 my desire to kill her increased . 
 i had to find her . 
 stop her . 
 destroy her . 
 why would n't kyrin tell me more about her and her experiments ? 
 was he afraid of her ? 
 no , the man did n't seem to be afraid of anything . 
 not even me . 
 i sighed . 
 how the hell was i going to find her ? 
 hinges squeaked as someone slowly opened the bedroom door . 
 i jolted to my feet . 
 `` do not hurt me , '' an arcadian woman said , peeking inside . 
 `` i come bearing food and drink . 
 i mean you no harm . '' 
 my shoulders sagged with disappointment . 
 had it been kyrin , i could have beat out some of my frustrations . 
 `` enter , '' i said . 
 she did so wearily . 
 she wore the same type of open , feminine gown that i wore , only hers was light purple , just like her eyes . 
 she radiated youth and vibrancy , even while she trembled with fear . 
 `` do you have a moment ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my voice gentle . 
 `` i 'd like to ask you some questions . '' 
 without a word and without a glance in my direction , she placed a tray piled high with fruits and wine atop the desk , the sweet scent of melon wafting all around her , then sprinted from the room . 
 `` merla , '' i heard her say , and the bolts slid in place once again . 
 obviously the word meant lock . 
 `` i guess not , '' i muttered . 
 just to prove how ridiculous locks were , i snatched up a small , solid sculpture and stalked to the door . 
 i intended to slam the thick metal into the door 's hinges , but before i reached it , i felt my eyes heat-actually heat as i glared-and the hinges shattered of their own accord , raining like broken glass onto the silver rug . 
 the entrance fell open . 
 i heard the woman yelp and watched her back disappear as she scampered down the hall , putting as much distance between us as she could . 
 horrified , i dropped the sculpture to the floor and heard the heavy thump , thump of dismantled pieces . 
 i rubbed my eyes , but they had already cooled . 
 what the goddamn hell was wrong with me ? 
 how was i doing things like that ? 
 i knew i was different , but these things were too different . 
 these things were freaky different . 
 a tremor raced down my limbs . 
 i 'd pretended the slowdown thing had n't happened . 
 i 'd pretended the beer incident had n't happened , and neither had happened again . 
 this would n't happen again either . 
 like the others , i 'd pretend it had never happened . 
 determined , i walked back to the desk and sat . 
 work . 
 i needed to work . 
 i spent twenty minutes constructing a chart about kyrin . 
 if anything could consume my thoughts , it was that man . 
 he wanted my trust , and honestly , despite everything , i was well on my way to giving it . 
 he desired his sister 's release . 
 that showed loyalty . 
 he had n't hurt me physically , even though i 'd knocked him around . 
 that showed discipline . 
 he 'd even helped me through my panic at being tied . 
 that showed compassion . 
 he wanted to atone for past sins , and saw killing atlanna as a way to do that . 
 that showed remorse . 
 he operated on his own scale of justice and righteousness . 
 he was a law unto himself . 
 but kyrin would n't kill an innocent . 
 he 'd had numerous chances to kill me , and i was far from innocent . 
 he 'd always been careful not to hurt me . 
 i was ready to talk to him again . 
 i needed to talk to him again . 
 but the wall clock continued to tick away the midnight hours without his return . 
 chapter 17 i spent several hours prowling through the house , this time searching for clues about kyrin , about atlanna . 
 i learned kyrin had expensive tastes-in everything . 
 even underwear . 
 he was meticulous and did n't like clutter , and he left nothing personal out in the open . 
 he was a guarded man . 
 and very smart . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 i spent the next hour running up and down the staircase for exercise . 
 toward the end , my arms grew shaky and my legs burned . 
 sweat ran down my back , and air singed my lungs . 
 i managed to exhaust myself ... and fuel my anger with kyrin . 
 how dare he leave me here like this , with this damn unremovable armband . 
 i trudged into the bathroom . 
 the floor tile boasted burgundy and cerulean porcelain , the wall gold-plated marble . 
 the winding , double-hinged faucet cost more than i made in a year . 
 had i not been a prisoner , i might have enjoyed the extravagance . 
 after programming the wall unit , i stepped into the shower . 
 i yelped when water , actual hot , steaming water , burst from the pipes . 
 i almost jumped out of my skin , in fact . 
 but as the water continued to rain upon me , i relaxed . 
 it felt so ... good . 
 odd , but good . 
 soothing . 
 no wonder people used to bathe this way . 
 when i emerged , i was deliciously wet , my muscles unknotted . 
 a new gown was waiting for me upon the bed , this one crisscrossed pink and creamy white . 
 pink , for the love of god . 
 scowling , i slithered my moist body into the ultra-soft material and sank onto the bed . 
 i stared up at the vaulted ceiling . 
 why me ? 
 usually i did n't sleep at night , since i had to be on the street , prowling for predators . 
 i slept during the day . 
 yet , as i listened to the wind howl outside the window , and heard the branches scratch against the glass , my eyelids began to feel heavy . 
 the mattress was soft ... so soft . 
 sleep soon claimed me . 
 dreams instantly overtook my mind . 
 this time , i saw dare , only he was n't a child . 
 he appeared eighteen , yet his eyes held a fountain of worldly , seedy knowledge that had never been there before . 
 i ran to him . 
 he did n't open his arms . 
 he turned away from me . 
 i ground to a halt , my stare boring into his back . 
 why had he done that ? 
 why had he turned away ? 
 he 'd never done that before . 
 his form twisted , and suddenly i was chasing an alien through a shopping mall . 
 a mec . 
 his skin pulsed green with his fear as he looked over his shoulder at me . 
 he shoved humans aside in his haste to escape . 
 i had my gun drawn and finally had a clear shot . 
 i fired . 
 bull 's - eye . 
 he tumbled down , taking a human female with him . 
 she screamed . 
 and then all went silent . 
 i raced to the body and kicked him aside , intending to free the woman . 
 her features were frozen . 
 the mec had stabbed her on the way down . 
 i dropped to my knees in horror . 
 `` arise , mia , '' someone in the crowd said , a lyrical vibration in the undercurrents of their voice . 
 `` kyrin returns soon . '' 
 i awoke with a gasp , my fingers gripping the sheet . 
 my gaze darted left and right . 
 i was alone . 
 yet the words kyrin returns soon still rang in my ears . 
 confusion consumed me as my dreams replayed in my mind . 
 first , dare rejected me . 
 then my vision spoke directly to me . 
 both were new occurrences , and i did n't know what to make of either of them . 
 at least , if dream mia was to be believed , kyrin was alive and well and due here at any moment . 
 i shoved my way from the bed , dislodging my limbs from the tangle of linens . 
 when my feet hit the carpet , i glanced down and frowned with distaste . 
 i still wore the pink gown ; the flimsy thing had n't magically disappeared . 
 turning in every direction , i blinked at my image in the wall mirror . 
 i looked too feminine , like i was weak and incapable and needed a big strong man to take care of me . 
 i much preferred my huntress slacks and top . 
 and boots . 
 god , i loved my boots . 
 ass-kicking was n't much fun in anything else . 
 i sailed past the bedroom entrance , down the polished stair-case , and into the kitchen , where the sweet scent of caffeine greeted me . 
 several arcadian servants , both male and female , flittered about with morning chores . 
 all but one sped from the room after spotting me . 
 `` coffee , '' i said to the remaining woman . 
 i plopped onto a waiting barstool . 
 `` i need coffee . '' 
 `` i get . 
 i get for you , '' she said . 
 she possessed the white hair and purple eyes common to her kind , yet she lacked the grace and facial beauty i 'd seen in the others . 
 she offered me a soft smile . 
 `` you like sugar ? '' 
 `` you have real sugar ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i usually took it as thick as motor oil , but i could n't resist real sugar . 
 `` make it half and half , then . 
 half coffee . 
 half sugar . '' 
 she nodded her approval and dried her hands on her gauzy apron . 
 `` glennie like hers that way , too . '' 
 pensive , i tilted my chin and watched her bustle about , shuffling through cabinets , lifting a crystal pitcher . 
 my ears perked as she hummed a song under her breath . 
 here was an alien who did n't cower in fear at my very presence . 
 she appeared calm , relaxed even . 
 unconcerned . 
 `` mind if i ask you a few questions , glennie ? '' 
 `` ask , ask , '' she said . 
 `` i glad to answer . '' 
 `` how long have you known kyrin ? '' 
 `` oh , i do not know , '' she said , steam wafting around her as she poured my drink into a plain black mug . 
 `` long time . 
 by your standards , at least . '' 
 when she handed me the fragrant liquid , i gratefully laced my fingers around the offering . 
 i allowed myself a tentative sip . 
 perfect , and so deliciously sweet . 
 not too hot , not too cold . 
 i sucked down the rest . 
 if i 'd been alone , i would have licked the cup clean . 
 `` exactly how long ? '' 
 i probed . 
 turning back to her duties , she lifted her strong shoulders in a shrug . 
 `` fifty years , i guess . '' 
 i nearly choked from fluid inhalation and pushed my cup aside . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i never kidding . '' 
 i 'd known the arcadians stopped aging physically after a certain point in their lives , but actually hearing the words fifty years associated with the virile-looking kyrin astounded my mind . 
 the man who had kissed me so passionately was ... what ? 
 eighty years old ? 
 ninety ? 
 `` how old is he ? '' 
 i asked . 
 again , the servant shrugged . 
 `` three hundred earth years would be my guess . '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 three hundred f ** king years old . 
 i was attracted to a man , had kissed a man , who should have needed diapers and calcium supplements . 
 why was i even surprised ? 
 i wondered next . 
 of course i 'd fall for a guy like that . 
 i 'd never lived a normal life . 
 why start now ? 
 `` does he treat you well ? '' 
 i asked . 
 slivers of awareness stroked the back of my neck , and tingles prickled along my spine . 
 a low heat kindled deep in my belly . 
 a palpable surge of relief and desire swept me . 
 the coffee mug shook in my hands as i resisted the urge to spin around . 
 kyrin had returned . 
 how could i long to kiss him and choke him at the same time ? 
 unaware , or unconcerned , glennie kept her back to me , to kyrin . 
 she clasped a rag in her hand and continued to scrub the counter clean . 
 `` he is a true arcadian , '' she answered . 
 `` proud , honorable . 
 courageous . 
 he treat me very well . '' 
 `` of course , '' i said , gauging her reaction through my lashes , `` you could be saying that because he 's your boss . '' 
 `` bah . '' 
 facing me , she leaned against the gleaming silver surface . 
 `` he bring us here when he no have to . 
 he could have leave us in arcadia , slave to atlanna . '' 
 she shuddered , her expression tight with fear . 
 `` yet he fight for us , and bring us through the world-portals . '' 
 while i , the angel of death , caused not a spark of worry in this servant , the thought of atlanna had her trembling . 
 `` was he a slave to the mighty atlanna ? '' 
 he was royalty according to lilla , but could have been under atlanna 's spell . 
 `` that is enough , '' kyrin said , his voice as warm and rich as i remembered . 
 glennie hustled back to her duties . 
 slowly , i turned . 
 his hair fell in tangled disarray about his shoulders , and his clothing was dirty and wrinkled . 
 i 'd never seen him so disheveled . 
 i. . . 
 liked it . 
 made him sexy and raw . 
 made me want to make him dirtier . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i said , punctuating each word . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` what did you do while i was gone ? 
 were you a good girl ? '' 
 `` listen , grandpa , '' i said , pointing a finger in his direction . 
 `` you do n't want to irritate me today . 
 after leaving me here without telling me where you were going or what you were doing , you 're at the top of my shit list . '' 
 `` among other things , i visited dallas , '' he said . 
 `` i - '' my lips clamped together , and i shook my head . 
 surely i had misheard . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` i visited dallas . '' 
 i shot to my feet and raced toward him . 
 `` what happened ? 
 how is he ? '' 
 the words snagged in my throat , emerging broken and unsure . 
 he clasped my hand in his , his palm warm and soothing . 
 `` close your eyes and let me show you . '' 
 i did n't question him . 
 this was too important . 
 i simply obeyed . 
 the moment darkness folded over my eyes , images flashed through my mind . 
 kyrin strode down a long , narrow hallway . 
 there were nurses about , but no one paid him any heed . 
 they could n't see him . 
 he moved too quickly , like a human bullet . 
 he slipped inside dallas 's room and removed the oxygen mask from dallas 's face . 
 he made a deep incision in his own wrist and placed the torn , bleeding flesh over the dying man 's mouth . 
 at first , dallas did nothing . 
 then , like a hungry infant , he sucked greedily , drinking kyrin 's blood . 
 with each second that passed , dallas 's color deepened . 
 kyrin released my hand , and my mind went blank . 
 my eyelids slowly lifted , and my focus snagged kyrin 's . 
 sweat beaded his brow , then tiny rivulets trickled down his temples . 
 almost too afraid to hope , i rolled away the cuff of his shirt before he could withdraw from me . 
 my eyes widened . 
 a long , jagged scar bubbled the skin of his wrist , matching my own . 
 an hour , maybe two , and his injury would fade completely . 
 amazed by what he 'd done , i blinked up at him . 
 he 'd done it . 
 he 'd saved dallas . 
 i did n't know what to think . 
 did n't know what to say . 
 my relief and joy were too great . 
 dallas would live . 
 dallas would live ! 
 my knees weakened , and i almost crashed to the floor in a boneless heap . 
 i grasped kyrin 's arm and held myself steady , drawing from his strength . 
 `` i - '' i gulped . 
 he 'd done what he 'd sworn he would never do . 
 he 'd given me something without receiving lilla in return . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 thank you does n't seem good enough . '' 
 `` do not thank me yet . 
 your friend now bears my blood . 
 arcadian blood . 
 when he awakens , he will not be the same man he was before . '' 
 i did n't care . 
 he would be alive , and that was all that mattered . 
 `` i do thank you , kyrin . 
 i thank you with all of my heart . '' 
 he drew in a steady breath . 
 `` then i accept your thanks . '' 
 biting my lip , i stroked my fingertips up the smoothness of his forearm , over the ridged swelling of the scar . 
 `` why do you still bear the mark ? '' 
 `` the deeper the incision , the longer the healing requires . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` why did you save him ? '' 
 `` for you , '' he said simply . 
 `` we need each other , and it was time i did my part . '' 
 those words ... i did n't know how to respond . 
 a lump formed in my throat . 
 he had decided to trust me completely . 
 i saw the knowledge in his eyes , and it scared me . 
 was i worthy of that kind of trust ? 
 if i had to betray him to close my case , i would . 
 only the job mattered . 
 did n't it ? 
 his long lashes dipped in a seductive blink , casting shadows over his cheekbones . 
 `` come . 
 there is something i wish to show you . '' 
 he extended his hand . 
 i faltered briefly-i do n't know why-then placed my palm in his . 
 as with every time we touched , an electric tingle raced up my arm . 
 i expected it this time , yet was still surprised by its intensity . 
 he led me into the dining room . 
 there he laid his free hand flat against one of the panels and said , `` begin scan . '' 
 a yellow glow pulsed between each of his fingers before a single panel split down the middle , revealing a downward staircase . 
 `` this is voice and alien flesh activated , '' he said . 
 `` you will not be able to enter without me . 
 even my servants can not enter . '' 
 i was too astonished to comment . 
 we descended the dark flight of stairs , the air clean and welcoming . 
 `` a hidden room , '' i muttered . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 he squeezed my hand gently in response . 
 when we reached the end of the steps , he halted . 
 `` this , '' he said , `` is my lair . '' 
 bookshelves towered from floor to ceiling , and a huge flat-screen television occupied the center , emitting a spring of colors and shapes . 
 his desk separated the room into two halves . 
 one half boasted shiny oak floorboards , and the other half was softened by a thick faux fur rug . 
 kyrin released my hand , and i flexed my empty fingers , suddenly feeling cold and alone-like i 'd felt most of my life . 
 if i were n't careful , i would come to depend on this man . 
 `` why did you bring me here ? '' 
 i asked , changing the focus of my thoughts . 
 `` you will see , '' was all he said . 
 without a glance in my direction , he rooted atop his massive , half-circle desk , separating and stacking papers . 
 `` i need but a moment . 
 i did not plan to bring you here so soon . '' 
 while i waited , i strolled through the chamber and studied the wall hangings . 
 lilla smiled from all of them , her features perfectly stitched . 
 he 'd taken great pains to hang these in order of age . 
 his love for his sister was commendable , his need to protect her admirable . 
 a ripple of longing drifted beneath that knowledge . 
 lord , i missed dare , his laughter . 
 his love . 
 sighing , i eased onto a plush emerald chaise in front of the tv . 
 `` this atlanna , '' i said , reclining . 
 `` i did a computer search on her name , and the only information i discovered was about the mythical island of atlantis . 
 are you familiar with that story ? '' 
 he did n't give me his direct attention , but offered casually , `` yes . 
 i am . '' 
 `` any link between the two ? '' 
 `` you could probably say so , yes . 
 your atlantis was a world of perfect people . 
 they were strong , intelligent , and beautiful . 
 atlanna wants that , too . '' 
 i blinked over at him . 
 `` she thinks to make babies that can conquer the world ? '' 
 `` no , nothing like that . 
 her desires run toward creating a perfect race of children she can sell . 
 she does not have money like i do . 
 perfection always gains top dollar , does it not ? '' 
 with a satisfied nod , he lifted the fresh stack of paper and eased beside me on the couch . 
 our knees brushed , causing that ever-present hunger to renew , white-hot and intense . 
 his eyes lifted , beseeching mine . 
 `` are you ready for the entire truth ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` when you learn what i know , you will be faced with a decision . 
 a decision i am not sure you are prepared to make . '' 
 `` i 'm stronger than i look , '' i said . 
 i doubted whatever it was i needed to decide would be difficult . 
 `` you know that firsthand . '' 
 a smile played at the corner of his mouth . 
 the very mouth that had kissed and tormented me-in reality and in my dreams . 
 `` that i do , '' he said . 
 `` i will always fight for what is good and right . '' 
 `` do you swear this ? '' 
 `` do not question my honor , kyrin . 
 i said i will and i will . '' 
 he uttered a resolved sigh . 
 `` very well . 
 i only pray you recall those words , '' he said , handing me a newspaper clipping . 
 the headline read : local woman found dead i read the story and frowned . 
 a human new britain woman had been discovered dead in an abandoned house . 
 she 'd recently had a baby , though the infant had never been found . 
 suspected cause of death : poison . 
 i glanced at the picture of her in the top right corner . 
 a picture of how she 'd looked before her death . 
 she 'd been very pretty , with short dark hair and wide brown eyes . 
 a young woman , probably no more than twenty-five , who looked like she had many years of happiness ahead of her . 
 `` notice the date , '' kyrin instructed . 
 i did , and my lips pursed . 
 march 17 . 
 but this was dated twenty-nine years ago . 
 kyrin handed me another clipping . 
 same story . 
 different woman . 
 different day . 
 same year . 
 he handed me yet another . 
 and another . 
 and another . 
 all of the women had disappeared within the same year , all possessed dark , glossy hair and brown eyes , and all were killed by some sort of poison and found nine to thirteen months later , their bodies still distended from recent pregnancy . 
 not a single baby had been found . 
 the similarities between these cases and the current cases were staggering . 
 yes , my victims were men-well , other than rianne harte-but each male had dealt with some aspect of fertility . 
 `` did atlanna kill these women , too ? '' 
 as the three-hundred-year-old kyrin proved , arcadians aged at a much slower rate than humans . 
 he nodded . 
 `` we might have never learned about her activities if she 'd just hidden the bodies . 
 instead , she places them outside like gifts . '' 
 `` i do n't know why she wanted these women to be found . 
 i only know she used william steele to draw a.i.r. 's attention . '' 
 my brow crinkled , and i fought through a haze of confusion . 
 `` why would she want our attention ? '' 
 `` i 'll get to that in a moment . 
 rianne was helping atlanna , giving her names of the men who fit their needs . 
 when i realized this , i went to rianne and paid her to stop . 
 that 's why she was doing it , for the money , so she was more than willing to take mine instead . '' 
 i jerked a hand through my hair . 
 `` i 'm sure atlanna could have made more money by selling arcadian children to humans . 
 i do n't understand why she used humans . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` the babies were half of each race , mia . '' 
 i blinked , shook my head . 
 i had n't expected such an answer . 
 `` it 's not possible to merge alien and human dna . 
 our scientists have tried . 
 many times . 
 they never succeeded . '' 
 `` it is possible , '' he said darkly . 
 `` atlanna discovered a way . 
 for these women , though , '' he said , lifting the newspaper articles , `` the process was not yet perfected , and they died as a result . '' 
 `` and the babies ? '' 
 i asked , my throat filling with a hard knot . 
 sadness and shame flickered across his features . 
 he turned away from me . 
 `` they died , as well . 
 when they emerged from the birth canal , their bodies craved both onadyn and oxygen . 
 the two worked against each other . '' 
 i clasped his jaw in my hands and forced him to face me completely . 
 my hands were trembling . 
 `` tell me how you know this . '' 
 his shame cresting , he reached up and curled his fingers around my hands , holding me there . 
 he tugged my wrists to his mouth , kissed the soft inner flesh , lingering over my tattoo . 
 `` i was there , '' he said , a torrent of remorse in his voice . 
 `` i helped her . '' 
 i gave no outward reaction . 
 a part of me had been prepared for such a response from him . 
 i 'd known he was involved somehow , that he needed to atone for something , but i had n't truly expected to hear he 'd helped atlanna . 
 `` why ? '' 
 had he said anything else , i would have told him to get over himself . 
 to stop acting like a martyr . 
 he 'd killed . 
 so what ? 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 `` i thought i was doing such a wonderful thing . 
 something miraculous for both our worlds , something that would bring complete harmony between our people . 
 halflings would be accepted by earthlings . 
 i never meant to hurt those women . 
 never meant for the babies to suffer . 
 when i realized the babies could n't survive , i fought atlanna every step of the way . '' 
 `` please do n't tell me you hoped to sell the kids too . '' 
 `` no . 
 i would die before i sold a child . 
 any child . 
 what i did , i did for my people . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 `` i have to make this right . 
 atlanna has to be destroyed . '' 
 i agreed 100 percent . 
 `` the experiments failed . 
 so why would she now abduct dark-haired , dark-eyed male humans ? '' 
 `` such coloring is the opposite of the arcadians and revered by our kind . 
 that is what atlanna deems perfect . 
 that is what arcadians would pay the most to possess since she 's trying again to make the halflings . '' 
 `` i want hard evidence of her culpability , '' i said . 
 `` evidence i can take to my superiors . 
 that way we can devote all our manpower to finding and killing her . '' 
 grim , he shoved to his feet and stalked to the hearth . 
 there , he lit a fire , and the flames soon crackled and grew , filling the room with the crisp essence of pine . 
 i waited , silent , not pushing for a response . 
 he was struggling inside himself , so for once i showed patience . 
 `` i have what you need , '' he said , as if he had n't kept me at the edge of the chaise in suspense . 
 `` i have proof of her actions . '' 
 at his words , a sense of foreboding claimed me-sank razor-sharp talons into me . 
 i swallowed hard , knowing what he was going to say , and it did n't require psychic abilities . 
 perhaps i had always known . 
 i prayed that my instincts were wrong . 
 but they never were . 
 slowly , he turned and faced me . 
 `` you , mia . 
 you are the proof . 
 you are a halfling , not quite human , not fully alien either . '' 
 chapter 18 i calmly rose from my seat , my face devoid of emotion as i walked to kyrin . 
 one moment i did n't know what i was going to do , the next i was raising my hand and slapping him with all the strength i possessed . 
 his head whipped to the side , and he rubbed at his lip with his fingers . 
 `` did you do that because you know i 'm right , or because you hope to make me withdraw the truth ? '' 
 my eyes narrowed to tiny slits . 
 `` you 're contradicting yourself , kyrin . 
 a few minutes ago , you said all the babies died . '' 
 `` no , i said none of the babies born to the human women survived . '' 
 i hit him again , using my fist this time and cutting his skin . 
 the wound quickly healed . 
 violence churned inside me every time he opened his mouth . 
 my ears rang as blood rushed to my head . 
 `` the man you know as your father truly is your father . 
 but the woman you knew as your mother is no blood relation at all . 
 you are one of atlanna 's experiments , born to an arcadian female . 
 this experiment worked only once . 
 we did not understand at the time how we achieved success with you ; we only knew that your birth destroyed the woman 's womb , and she was unable to conceive again . '' 
 he gripped my shoulders , forcing me to hold his gaze , to face the truth . 
 `` until now , that is . 
 she has found a way to duplicate the procedure , and she is using human men to impregnate her arcadian women . '' 
 `` halflings do not exist , therefore i am not a halfling . 
 i - '' `` you have psychic abilities , '' he said , cutting off my words . 
 a steely determination reflected within the darkening purple luminance of his gaze . 
 `` many humans do , '' i countered . 
 `` you are able to track and kill aliens other hunters never find . '' 
 `` i work hard . '' 
 my awkward attempt to convince myself of the impossibility of this seemed like nothing more than wasted breath . 
 `` i saw the way you moved that day , when atlanna attacked us . '' 
 he growled low in his throat , a sound of deep frustration , and shook me once , twice . 
 `` what will it take to prove your origins ? '' 
 i had no answer for him . 
 i did n't know what would convince me when i did n't really want to be convinced . 
 i 'd spent so many years of my life hating other-worlders . 
 hunting them . 
 killing them . 
 to be one of them ... to be all that my father hated ... but what else explained how i 'd slowed down the world as i myself had sped up ? 
 what else explained how i 'd drawn that beer bottle to me without touching it ? 
 what else explained how i had shattered those door hinges with merely a gaze ? 
 i pressed my lips together as another thought swept through me . 
 in my vision about dallas , i 'd seen one alien and one human . 
 i 'd thought isabel was the alien and i the human . 
 i 'd thought-bile rose in my throat . 
 oh my god . 
 kyrin covered his face with his hands . 
 `` i tried to defeat atlanna myself , all those years ago , '' he said . 
 `` i tried . 
 and i failed . 
 her power for mind control surpasses even lilla 's . 
 i 've known since the first man disappeared that i can not face her alone , so i 've done little things to hinder her . 
 i spoke to the men , befriended them . 
 warned them . 
 that did n't slow her down . 
 i knew i needed you . 
 you can defeat her . 
 power churns inside you , churns as deeply and aggressively as an ocean storm , and you have only to reach inside yourself to find it . '' 
 my teeth ground together . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` i sense it . 
 just as you sense my power whenever i walk into a room . 
 but more than that , you ... you are atlanna 's daughter . '' 
 `` you lying f ** king bastard , '' i spat . 
 maybe i could accept being a halfling . 
 maybe . 
 what i could not accept was being related to a monster like atlanna . 
 how dare he even utter those words . 
 he grabbed hold of my wrists , preventing me from striking him . 
 `` you are atlanna 's daughter , '' he repeated . 
 `` your powers are as numerous and great as hers . '' 
 `` shut up . 
 just shut the f ** k up . '' 
 `` i do not know how you came to live with your father when atlanna meant to raise you . 
 i only know that atlanna followed you here . 
 and so , too , did i. '' violently i shook my head in denial . 
 `` no - '' `` yes . 
 your father knows this to be true . 
 you have only to ask him . '' 
 hate the aliens , mia , my dad always said . 
 despise them . 
 they are responsible for all our troubles . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` deep inside , you know the truth . '' 
 his voice was so gentle yet held the dangerous power of a whirlwind . 
 he strode to a locked safe where he murmured a single command , the word unfamiliar to me . 
 the safe door creaked open , and he withdrew a silver chain and locket . 
 `` every arcadian possesses one of these . 
 a kalandra , we call them . 
 inside the center , they showcase a beloved moment in our lives . 
 sometimes the moment has happened , sometimes it has yet to happen . 
 here is yours . '' 
 mine ? 
 the color drained from my face as he approached me . 
 dangling the chain from his finger , he reached toward me . 
 i pinched it between my fingers and held it from view . 
 i was n't ready to look . 
 i kept my gaze on him . 
 `` how did you get this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you have seen how quickly i move . '' 
 he gave me a wry smile . 
 `` need i say more ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 i continued to hold the necklace away from me . 
 i sat there , gathering my courage , battling a twisted mountain of turmoil . 
 i blinked , gulped . 
 just do it . 
 with a deep breath in , i dragged my gaze from kyrin , from the far bookshelf , to my fingers . 
 i focused on the locket-and almost sighed in relief . 
 the locket was round and appeared to be nothing more than a small , clear ball . 
 my lips were edging in a mocking smile when i realized something was moving inside . 
 i intensified my study . 
 i gasped . 
 in holographic detail , i watched a woman with braided white hair gently rock a bundled infant in her arms . 
 humming softly-i could actually hear her-she faced the baby . 
 her profile was the image of mine . 
 slightly sloped nose , high cheekbones . 
 full lips . 
 `` mia , '' she said to the infant , her voice lyrical and soothing . 
 `` you are my perfect angel . '' 
 i 'd seen her before . 
 in my dreams ... at the parking lot shootout . 
 `` that woman is atlanna , '' kyrin told me , `` and she is holding you . '' 
 my fingers tightened around the locket , blocking the image . 
 that did n't keep the woman 's voice from fading from my ears . 
 you are my perfect angel . 
 with my free hand , i covered my mouth . 
 atlanna . 
 my mother . 
 color drained from my face , and a rush of dizziness swept inside my head . 
 kyrin sat down and wrapped his arms around me . 
 he drew me close , and i willingly burrowed my face into the hollow of his neck . 
 `` accept what you are , mia . 
 for your sake . 
 for mine . 
 and for the innocent . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you can , '' kyrin said . 
 his warm breath fanned the top of my head . 
 `` an arcadian can do anything . '' 
 when he said that , my origins seemed so ... affirmed , and my desperation grew . 
 of their own accord , my fingers curled around his shirt collar . 
 `` everything i know is crumbling , '' i said . 
 `` help me understand . '' 
 he caressed his hands down my spine , massaged my lower back , then traced his fingers up to my shoulders . 
 he continued the comforting motions as he spoke . 
 `` your father was married to kane and dare 's mother when he and atlanna had an affair . 
 it lasted over a year . 
 then something happened between them , and your father disappeared , taking you with him . 
 for a while , she abandoned her research in her quest to find you . '' 
 i allowed his words to flow through me . 
 `` if i accept what you say , '' i said , `` i will have to accept that my entire life is a lie . '' 
 `` you can now live a life of truth , '' he said , tightening his hold . 
 could i , though ? 
 if a.i.r. heard any of this , i 'd be out a job . 
 aliens were not accepted in that line of work . 
 i might lose the only friends i had . 
 and just what would i do if i lost my job and my friends ? 
 they were all i had . 
 `` i need to call my dad , kyrin . 
 i need to talk to him . '' 
 he released me immediately and strode to his desk . 
 expression resigned , he unearthed a phone and placed the small unit in my hand . 
 i spoke my dad 's name , hating the way my voice shook . 
 he answered on the fourth ring . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` dad , it 's me , mia . '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said again . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` is atlanna en arr my mother ? '' 
 the words emerged as nothing more than a ragged whisper . 
 i squared my shoulders , forced my throat to obey , and repeated my question . 
 `` is atlanna en arr my mother ? '' 
 his breath crackled over the line . 
 i pictured him casually smoking a cigar . 
 `` why are you asking me this ? '' 
 `` is she ? '' 
 `` this is not a subject up for discussion , little girl . '' 
 `` is she ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 another crackling breath . 
 `` yes . 
 she is , '' he stated . 
 `` happy now ? '' 
 i pressed my lips together as the truth hit me . 
 fully hit me . 
 i was a halfling . 
 atlanna was my mother . 
 `` is that why you stopped loving me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he answered without hesitation , not even trying to deny it . 
 `` you began to look just like her . '' 
 `` i 'm half yours , dad . 
 does n't that mean anything ? '' 
 `` maybe once . '' 
 his tone remained indifferent . 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` i 've done everything you ever wanted . 
 i 've killed aliens . 
 i 've hated aliens . 
 i could have destroyed them all , and that would n't have made a difference to you , would it ? '' 
 he said nothing . 
 he did n't have to . 
 `` why did you take me from atlanna ? 
 why did n't you just leave me with her ? '' 
 `` she seduced kane , '' he growled , showing his first emotion . 
 `` i found them together , and she laughed . 
 laughed ! '' 
 now he laughed , a cruel sound . 
 `` i killed kane and managed to injure her . 
 and you know what ? 
 that was n't enough . 
 she wanted you so badly , i took you from her . '' 
 he chuckled again . 
 `` i made you hate your own kind . 
 i - '' i did n't let him finish . 
 i said , `` end , '' and let the earpiece drop into kyrin 's waiting hand . 
 my shoulders squared , i pushed to my feet and consciously placed one foot in front of the other until i stood beside the bookshelf . 
 i am a halfling , and atlanna en arr is my mother . 
 the knowledge tore me apart inside , slicing deep , leaving raw , open wounds . 
 obviously top brass had n't wanted us to know halflings could , indeed , be created . 
 that explained why they 'd removed all mention of fertility from the a.i.r. files . 
 my eyelids squeezed firmly shut , and a painful knot grew in my throat . 
 the future i 'd imagined for myself was now shrouded in uncertainty . 
 `` atlanna is more powerful than i have ever been , '' kyrin said , and i knew he hoped to distract me from my inner turmoil . 
 `` but you ... you have the greatest of her strengths coursing through your veins . 
 once you tap into that power , you can kill her . '' 
 `` kill my own mother ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 he actually wanted me to execute my own mother-the woman who sang so sweetly and had called me her greatest treasure ? 
 kyrin cursed under his breath . 
 `` i feared this would happen . 
 i feared you would do this . 
 bad people are bad people , mia , and it is your job to kill them . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 my voice cracked . 
 i was quickly reaching my breaking point , and i suddenly wanted to be alone . 
 i hooked the necklace around my neck . 
 what i was going to do with it , i did n't know . 
 `` give me some time , '' i said , shoving past him . 
 i know he saw my shattered spirit in my eyes , but he pushed to his feet with every intention of stopping me . 
 `` two other men were found dead last night . 
 raymond palmer and anton stokenberg . 
 if we do not act , the others will soon follow . '' 
 i halted mid-step , then spun , glaring up at him . 
 through clenched teeth , i said , `` how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i am a hunter , just as you are , though i seek a different kind of prey . 
 you stalk aliens . 
 i stalk atlanna . 
 i followed her , and watched her dispose of them . '' 
 fury conquered all of my other emotions . 
 while i had been here sleeping and eating like a queen , two more men had been found dead . 
 perhaps i could have saved them , perhaps not . 
 either way , i had n't been on the streets , searching for them . 
 no , i 'd practically embraced this mini-vacation . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 scowling , i jerked at the armband on my forearm . 
 i jerked until my skin was bruised black and blue from the strain . 
 the thick alloy stubbornly remained in place . 
 my bones were stiff , my muscles achy , when i finally allowed my hands to fall to my sides . 
 `` take this damn thing off me . '' 
 `` no , '' he said , determined . 
 `` not until you calm down . 
 not until you realize atlanna might be your mother , but she is still a monster . '' 
 `` damn you , '' i seethed . 
 `` i 'm leaving now , this moment , and your actions dictate whether i leave in peace or in pain . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` very well , then . '' 
 i strode from the office and to the front door . 
 without a single interruption in my step , i emerged into the afternoon sun . 
 chapter 19 pain clawed from my arm to my head and slashed down all the way to my toes . 
 i kept walking . 
 dizziness mingled with the ache in my head , both nearly felling me . 
 my steps slowed , became agonizing , and i stumbled . 
 but i did n't stop . 
 keep moving . 
 i had to keep moving . 
 the snow froze my bare feet , the needle-sharp pricks of cold almost unbearable , and the farther away i moved from kyrin 's home , the sharper my suffering became . 
 hurt . 
 hurt so desperately . 
 anguished screams were lodged in my throat by the time i reached the shade tree in his garden . 
 footsteps echoed in my ears , and then suddenly i was propelled toward the ground by a force greater than myself . 
 strong arms wrapped around me . 
 kyrin , i realized . 
 he hoped to stop me . 
 i fought against him as he turned me midair , taking the brunt of the impact upon himself when we hit . 
 we rolled several feet . 
 when we stopped , i sat astride him . 
 i shoved against his chest , but he clasped my arm , and with a wave of his fingers , the armband dropped away . 
 `` you are free , '' he ground out . 
 `` free . '' 
 his words penetrated my mind , and i realized then that my pain was already gone , that he 'd actually removed my shackle . 
 shock beat through me , as cold and real as the snow around me . 
 i met kyrin 's stare , his words echoing through my mind . 
 you are free . 
 `` i - '' i stopped . 
 i would not say thank you when he never should have imprisoned me to begin with . 
 `` there is nothing you can do right now that a.i.r. is n't already doing . 
 you 're upset , and you need me . 
 just like i need you . '' 
 yes , i did need him . 
 just like i needed to forget , if only for a moment . 
 the air sparked between us , tiny pinpoints of white-hot lightning and heat . 
 heat that was always present between us . 
 i studied him . 
 his eyes were heavy-lidded , and his teeth were parted on a groan , as if he was in deep pain . 
 his arousal strained between my legs , hard and potent . 
 he did n't ask my permission , he simply tangled his hands in my hair and jerked my mouth to his . 
 i did n't protest . 
 no , i thrust my tongue into his mouth and met him stroke for stroke . 
 i savored the sweetness of his taste , like summer rain and carnal desires . 
 right then nothing mattered except the feel , the touch , the pleasure of this man . 
 not my parents . 
 not the past . 
 not my job . 
 my fingers tore at the middle of his shirt , ripping the black material down the middle , sending those stubborn buttons flying through the air with a pop . 
 he rolled me on my back , and the snow made me gasp . 
 so cold . 
 yet my skin felt so hot . 
 i arched up against him , my legs twining around his . 
 i wanted more . 
 needed more . 
 i pushed him over , straddled him again , and scraped my nails over the solid wall of his chest . 
 several ice crystals had melted against the heat of his skin . 
 i licked away every drop . 
 he moaned . 
 kissed me . 
 then tore his mouth away . 
 i growled at the loss . 
 he rolled me over a second time and jumped to his feet , violet fire blazing in his eyes . 
 `` this way , '' he said . 
 he scooped me up into his arms . 
 `` not this way . 
 i want you here . 
 now . 
 in the daylight . 
 in the snow . '' 
 i did n't want to wait until we reached the inside of his house . 
 i did n't want him in a soft bed , nice and cozy . 
 i wanted him in a place that matched my desire . 
 some place untamed . 
 wild . 
 wicked . 
 some place raw . 
 `` here , '' i said . 
 `` here , '' he agreed . 
 he carried me into a hidden cove shadowed by towering na ** d branches . 
 the walls were man-made and warmed to the touch . 
 hot , just like my blood . 
 kyrin eased me to my feet . 
 we stood there , and our eyes met and held . 
 only a whisper separated us . 
 i reached between our bodies , unfastened his pants , and shoved them down his legs . 
 he kicked out of them and was suddenly naked . 
 unabashedly aroused . 
 god , he was beautiful . 
 like a sculpture . 
 pale and hard , tall and majestic , with dark tattoos scattered across his abdomen . 
 my tongue descended and followed the designs , and his heady flavor , a mix of desire and man , fueled my need . 
 `` what do they mean ? '' 
 i asked , licking each symbol . 
 his arms circled my shoulders , and his fingers brushed my neck . 
 `` the light shall overpower the darkness . '' 
 `` that fits , '' i muttered . 
 and it did . 
 my palms slid across his chest . 
 my fingertips circled around his small , puckered ni ** les . 
 he was so solid . 
 so rippled with sinew . 
 i had pure , unadulterated power at my fingertips , and i liked it . 
 i liked him . 
 this man challenged me in a way i 'd never been challenged . 
 at times he irritated the hell out of me , and he never bowed to my dictates . 
 perhaps i was insane , but i admired those qualities in him . 
 `` i have wanted you , '' he said , his words intermixed with nipping kisses on my jaw and neck , his breath labored , `` since the first moment i saw you . '' 
 `` shut up and kiss me . '' 
 he uttered a warm , husky chuckle , then crushed his lips to mine . 
 arousal pounded through me , frantic for release as his tongue dove into my mouth . 
 his hands tunneled beneath the silky material of my crisscrossed top . 
 and his fingertips traced the edge of my ni ** les . 
 i shivered . 
 desire pooled between my legs . 
 i was wet . 
 i was ready . 
 ready for him and only him . 
 i needed the hard , thick length of him inside me . 
 pounding in and out . 
 maybe slow at first , but growing in speed . 
 `` see , '' i beseeched . 
 `` see what you do to me . '' 
 eyes closed in surrender , i guided one of his hands under the froth of my skirt , up my inner thigh and onto the edge of my panties . 
 `` here ? '' 
 he muttered huskily , then slipped past the fragile silk barrier . 
 `` there . 
 right-yes ! 
 there . '' 
 unable to stop myself , i arched into his touch , creating more pressure , more friction . 
 `` do you feel how much i need you ? '' 
 `` you are liquid fire , '' he praised . 
 he dropped to his knees in front of me , keeping one hand on my panties . 
 the other caressed a path under my skirt and up my feet , calves , and thighs . 
 `` i want more . 
 so much more . '' 
 reverence dripped from his words . 
 `` then take it , '' i said , my h * ps writhing as he touched me . 
 `` i will , '' he said . 
 `` i will take everything you have to give , and then i will take even more . '' 
 he slipped the pink panties from my legs and tossed them to the ground . 
 with a flick of his wrist , he parted the folds of my skirt . 
 he did n't have to spread my legs ; i did so eagerly , willingly , and in the next heartbeat , he was kissing the wetness between my thighs . 
 at the first flick of his tongue , i exploded . 
 fire , joy , pleasure , all seared me , and my head reeled . 
 my knees shook . 
 i gripped his head , losing touch of where i was , who i was , only feeling an incredible shiver race through me again and again . 
 and just when i thought i might die from it , kyrin kissed my heat again until i could only gasp his name . 
 he tasted me , sucked me , made me want him all over again . 
 my head arched back as delight ripped across my nerve endings . 
 i moaned and cried out , the sounds escaping on ragged catches of breath . 
 my eyelids closed , and i chewed at my bottom lip . 
 `` do n't stop , '' i told him , panting . 
 `` do n't stop . '' 
 he uttered another chuckle , and the vibrations tickled my thighs . 
 `` always the commander , '' he said . 
 only when i screamed his name again did he stand . 
 he propped his arms on the wall behind me , trapping me in his embrace . 
 `` you are beautiful when you come . '' 
 `` i want to see you that way , '' i said . 
 i curled my fingers around his penis . 
 he sucked in a hiss of breath and muttered something in a language i did n't understand . 
 `` i want to see you when you come . '' 
 `` not yet , '' he said brokenly . 
 `` i will savor the rest of you first . '' 
 a heartbeat passed , a mere whisper of time , before his lips touched mine . 
 his tongue moved over my mouth with heady slowness , exotic and consuming . 
 i tasted myself , and it excited me , reminding me of where he 'd been and what he 'd done . 
 i moved my hand up and down his length , stroking . 
 `` do you know , '' he said , his voice growing more hoarse with every word , watching me through the thick shield of his lashes , `` that you are the most passionate woman i 've ever encountered . '' 
 `` you make me that way . '' 
 `` i am glad . '' 
 his hands slid languidly up my sides and cupped my jaw . 
 he planted breathy little kisses and nips over my nose , my eyes , my chin . 
 warmth skidded along my spine . 
 `` i was n't glad at first . 
 i was pissed . '' 
 i palmed the heavy weight of his testicles . 
 a bead of sweat ran down his temple , and his words seemed even more labored . 
 `` if this is the way you channel your anger , i 'll strive to infuriate you more often . '' 
 i chuckled huskily . 
 he tugged me to my tiptoes for another kiss . 
 while his tongue worked magic , he shifted his hands under my butt and urged my legs around his waist . 
 i spread my thighs and hooked my ankles at his back until i straddled him and cradled his erection without actual penetration . 
 one of his hands flattened against the base of my throat , so warm , so inviting , a heartbeat away from dipping inside my shirt and cupping my breast . 
 but that strong , masculine hand remained in place , teasing , taunting . 
 tormenting . 
 as one expectant minute ticked by and then another , my ni ** les hardened painfully . 
 the rosy peaks anticipated his touch and strained against the silkiness of my top . 
 i should n't have been this excited . 
 i 'd already come twice . 
 `` kyrin ... '' `` mia . '' 
 with his eyes squeezed tightly shut , he traced a path down my sternum . 
 he traced the seam back up again , never once deviating from that path . 
 `` i told you i want to savor you . 
 memorize you and brand you . 
 later is the time for wild and rushed . '' 
 `` i want wild now . '' 
 he only uttered a soft but strained chuckle . 
 `` in this i will have my way . '' 
 `` we 'll just see how long you can hold out . '' 
 i 'd long since lost control over my body where he was concerned , and strangely , i did n't mourn the loss . 
 he pressed his erection against me , and i gasped . 
 i rubbed my chest against his , urging him on . 
 he moaned , bit my collarbone . 
 his hands were everywhere , all over me . 
 every so often he paused to simply look at me , or to whisper erotic promises in my ear , but always he left me aching for more . 
 `` you feel so good against me , angel . 
 i have to touch more of you . '' 
 `` yes , yes , '' i groaned , then , `` no , no , '' when he did . 
 i was on fire for him . 
 `` did you ever imagine that a human and an alien would feel so perfect together ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his tongue licked and sucked my exposed neck and chest . 
 he kneaded my butt . 
 i writhed ; i melted into him ; i tried to force his hands where i needed them most , but he always thwarted my efforts by drawing his palms a safe distance away . 
 `` damn you , kyrin . 
 let 's finish this . '' 
 his laugh was a taut , desperate purr . 
 his hands dipped inside my gown . 
 but instead of cupping and squeezing as i so ravenously craved , he teased a fingertip around my nipple . 
 the action only increased my frustration , my need . 
 how was he doing this to me ? 
 making me want , need more ? 
 then he grazed the tip of my waiting nipple with his teeth . 
 my h * ps jerked , and i almost came again . 
 `` yes , there . 
 right there ! 
 do that again . '' 
 he gave my other nipple the same treatment-a light grazing , followed quickly by the heat of his tongue . 
 my lower body arched into him . 
 just one more touch . 
 one more . 
 `` where else do you need me ? '' 
 he demanded , all touches ceased . 
 `` everywhere , damn it . '' 
 i reached between our bodies and wrapped my hand around the hardness of his cock . 
 watching his face intently , i led his hand to the juncture between my legs and guided his fingers through my dark curls . 
 then i rocked forward . 
 contact . 
 i moaned . 
 his hand darted away . 
 i growled and followed . 
 in the next instant , i heard fabric rip , felt cool air . 
 i was suddenly completely na ** d and flat on my back . 
 kyrin stood over me , his chest heaving , his c ** k ready . 
 his hair seemed lighter than a ray of sunshine , and his eyes ... his eyes were blazing with passion , bright and crystalline . 
 he gazed down at my body , at my spread legs and wet arousal . 
 `` you amaze me , '' he said . 
 muscles bunching , he knelt and crawled over me . 
 we both gasped as skin met skin . 
 `` i 'd hoped to prolong this , to prolong our pleasure , but you are driving me crazy with your little moans and your bold caresses . '' 
 he rocked himself against me , careful not to enter me . 
 `` just like that , '' i gasped . 
 `` do that again . '' 
 he did , gliding back and forth in the slick v of my thighs while i rubbed myself against him . 
 he kissed my br ** sts , dragged his teeth over my ni ** les , and positioned himself for penetration . 
 he poised himself at the precipice , not actually pushing inside . 
 his teeth clenched . 
 `` once i take you , you are mine . 
 my woman . 
 no other man can have you . '' 
 `` yours , '' i agreed on a moan , not caring about the consequences of such a vow . 
 he plunged inside me . 
 we both cried out at the perfection of it , the exquisite rightness . 
 my nails scored his back as his lips crushed into mine , taking , giving . 
 for the first time in my life , everything felt completely right . 
 he was so big and thick inside me , sliding in and out . 
 he filled me completely . 
 passion uncurled with his every movement , seeking total satisfaction . 
 i used the strength of my legs and rolled him to his back so i could ride him , so i could command the depth of his penetration , the swiftness of our pace . 
 i moved up him , then down , increasing the delicious friction . 
 he maneuvered me to my back . 
 and i immediately switched our positions again . 
 `` kyrin - '' `` mia , '' he said . 
 my name was like a reverent prayer on his lips , and he allowed me dominance this time . 
 his hands slid from my h * ps to grasp my ass and jerk me tighter against him . 
 we began moving faster . 
 faster still . 
 i 'd never felt so alive . 
 so free . 
 i wanted this feeling to last forever . 
 i did n't want reality to intrude . 
 `` harder , kyrin.deeper . '' 
 he ground against me , hard . 
 perfectly . 
 deeply . 
 he reached between our bodies and circled my clitoris with his thumb . 
 i gasped , cried out . 
 my inner walls tightened and spasmed against him , and he moved faster . 
 harder . 
 deeper . 
 just like i needed . 
 almost instantly , another orgasm catapulted me to the stars , this one stronger than the last . 
 only when he heard his name rip from my throat did he spill inside me . 
 when the last pulse subsided , he thrust me to my back and collapsed on top of me . 
 a long while passed before the hazy sexual fog lifted from my mind . 
 when i opened my eyes , kyrin was gazing down at me , his lips soft with tenderness . 
 `` i have waited for you my entire life , '' he said . 
 `` give me the rest of this day . 
 tomorrow we can deal with the outside world . '' 
 immediately i opened my mouth to tell him no . 
 there was so much i needed to do . 
 call jack . 
 search for atlanna . 
 visit dallas . 
 i had a case to wrap , but after everything i 'd learned today , i needed a bit of normalcy in my life . 
 more pressing than any of those , however , was my need to be with this man . 
 `` i. . . 
 would like that , '' i said . 
 he grinned and gave me a swift kiss . 
 we did n't bother with clothing . 
 we did n't need it . 
 i allowed him to carry me inside his house-into his bedroom . 
 chapter 20 later that night , i awoke in a dirty alley behind an abandoned grocery store . 
 crickets chirped a lazy tune while i oriented myself . 
 cold , pungent air . 
 hard ground . 
 moonlight . 
 i blinked . 
 this did n't make sense . 
 i 'd been in a bed . 
 a soft , warm bed with kyrin . 
 he 'd cl ** axed . 
 i 'd cl ** axed . 
 then ... what ? 
 i 'd fallen asleep , obviously . 
 but how the hell had i 'd gotten here ? 
 i shifted my gaze in every direction . 
 the night sky winked above me , discarded papers and food cartons whirling on the concrete . 
 why was n't i shivering ? 
 i wondered , looking down at my body . 
 a thick coat draped across my shoulders . 
 i wore thick socks and heavy boots , and leather pants hugged my legs . 
 i did n't recall getting dressed , which meant kyrin had done it for me . 
 where the hell was that lover of mine ? 
 as if sensing my thoughts , he appeared beside me and crouched down . 
 i sat up , noticing that we were hidden behind a stack of reeking garbage . 
 my nose wrinkled in distaste . 
 no one was nearby , and neither was there any noise . 
 kyrin did n't spare me a glance , but kept his attention directly in front of him . 
 `` i hope you do not mind , but i transported us here . '' 
 i would have loved to watch the whole transportation thing , but let it slide . 
 `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` waiting , '' he answered just as softly . 
 `` for ? '' 
 the man needed to learn i 'd never settle for half-answers . 
 now he leveled me with an intense gaze . 
 `` atlanna . 
 i want you to see firsthand that she is not the motherly woman you want her to be . '' 
 i instantly went on alert and moved beside him on my knees , staring at the dark alley he had watched moments before . 
 eagerness thrummed in my blood . 
 eagerness ... and dread . 
 we waited . 
 `` when she appears , '' he said , `` you are to study her , nothing more . 
 no matter what happens . 
 before we attack her , you must see how she utilizes some of her powers . '' 
 i almost screamed a denial . 
 almost . 
 i knew studying the enemy and learning his weaknesses and strengths before jumping into action was the right way to hunt-and win . 
 i knew that . 
 yet my impatience was strong . 
 i yearned for some sort of confrontation with atlanna . 
 `` give me a gun anyway . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i will - '' a twig snapped . 
 i sliced off my words and went completely still . 
 at the far end of the alley , a woman suddenly appeared from the shadows . 
 moonlight bathed her in youth and beauty , paying nothing but tribute to her fair skin and curly mane of white hair . 
 black pants and a long black leather jacket draped her , showcasing her curves . 
 she looked like a hunter . 
 she looked like me . 
 atlanna . 
 kyrin stiffened . 
 i watched as a body floated behind the woman . 
 she blinked , and the bulky , na ** d form fell unceremoniously onto the ground . 
 shit . 
 her telekinesis must be unbelievably strong to lift such weight . 
 as a wave of her energy hit me , she paused and frowned . 
 her gaze darted in every direction , searching for something-or some one . 
 my heart raced . 
 i controlled the urge to stride to her . 
 to strangle her . 
 to hug her . 
 before i took my next breath , she disappeared in the shadows . 
 the winter wind kicked up a notch , swirling and whistling around the alley . 
 keen disappointment nearly felled me , and i massaged the back of my neck . 
 `` she sensed us , '' kyrin said . 
 `` yes . 
 she probably felt a hum of energy in her blood . '' 
 like i felt every time i 'm near an arcadian . 
 i strode to the body , preparing myself for what i 'd see . 
 a male . 
 he was naked , his body devoid of any sign of torture . 
 the poor bastard was even smiling . 
 i checked his pulse , just to be sure . 
 `` dead , '' i muttered . 
 `` i wish to god i knew why she was leaving them out . 
 you said william was to get a.i.r. 's attention . 
 what about this one ? '' 
 i dropped my head into my hands . 
 i 'd always wanted a mother to love me . 
 hell , i 'd always wanted a mother to love . 
 but my mother had killed this man . 
 my mother was a predatory alien , had done such evil things , and just thinking about them made me sick . 
 i was duty bound to hunt and kill her . 
 and yet ... `` amusement , probably , '' kyrin said . 
 `` there was no way to save him . '' 
 `` we 've got to call jack . 
 he needs to know about - '' a familiar , pungent scent filled my nose . 
 `` sorry , angel . 
 you are not ready , and too much do i fear for your life . '' 
 the last thought to drift through my mind before darkness claimed me was that i was going to murder kyrin and his damn sleeping potion . 
 `` bastard , '' i shouted as i awoke . 
 sunlight streamed through the burgundy curtains , illuminating the spacious decadence of kyrin 's bedroom . 
 honey oak floors gleamed , the elaborate vanity glistened , and the sconces and jasmine-scented candles glittered . 
 i was sick and tired of being drugged when he wanted to move me . 
 i searched the room for kyrin , but he was gone . 
 as soon as i found him , he was going to give me his phone unit so i could call the station house and tell jack everything i 'd learned-except for the part about atlanna being a blood relation . 
 i did n't know if i 'd ever broach that particular subject . 
 and i 'd probably leave out the part about sleeping with kyrin , too . 
 i abandoned the warmth of the comforter and trekked to the bathroom . 
 there , i brushed my teeth and hair and programmed the wall console for a shower . 
 the water burst on , deliciously waiting for me . 
 i was just about to step into the tub when a flash of gold caught the corner of my eye . 
 filled with a sense of dread , i scrubbed mist from the mirror . 
 that rat bastard ! 
 my fists clenched as potent fury consumed me . 
 if i 'd had a pyre-gun , i would have found kyrin and blasted his ass to ashes . 
 he 'd done it . 
 he 'd really done it . 
 after every erotic thing we 'd done together , after promising to trust each other , he 'd returned the armband to my bicep , keeping me a goddamn prisoner here . 
 i jerked on the fresh blue sheath folded neatly on the sink rim . 
 `` bastard , '' i growled under my breath . 
 `` i 'd thought he meant to free me permanently . 
 but no , he meant to keep me here all along . '' 
 i stormed through the mansion , pushed my way past his servants . 
 they scrambled out of my way . 
 kyrin was nowhere to be found . 
 a low growl worked its way past my throat . 
 on top of everything else , he still thought to play detective on his own . 
 his death would be my greatest pleasure . 
 i kicked and clawed the hidden door to his office , but the stupid thing would n't budge . 
 did he think i 'd be okay with this ? 
 that i would forgive him ? 
 what , give the little woman a few mind-shattering orgasms , and she 'd be content to wait at home ? 
 `` bastard , '' i spat again . 
 whipping around , i saw i was alone . 
 smart of the servants to hide . 
 in my frustration , i might have accidentally hurt them . 
 i stalked to the kitchen and withdrew a cooking blade from a wooden sheath . 
 before the day ended , i was going to hack this armband from my body . 
 then i would await kyrin 's return . 
 and i knew that with each second that ticked by and he remained absent , my fury would grow hotter . 
 `` i 'm going to skewer him alive , '' i said , slamming down on a barstool . 
 `` i 'm going to rip out his heart and feast on it for days . 
 i 'll tie his intestines around his neck and choke him to death . '' 
 i jabbed the tip of the knife under the band . 
 `` oh , and just who do you intend to torture this way ? '' 
 a husky female voice asked behind me . 
 i quickly jumped up and spun , knife braced and ready . 
 when i saw who stood there , my jaw dropped open . 
 atlanna . 
 i had n't sensed her presence , yet there she stood , a vision in creamy lavender cloth . 
 my first thought was that of a hunter . 
 i wished i had my pyre-gun . 
 i wished i had a tape recorder . 
 my second thought was simply that of a daughter . 
 i wondered what she thought of me as she examined me so intently . 
 up close , her uptilted violet eyes , high cheekbones , and pixie nose were the epitome of perfection . 
 even the arch of her eyebrows dared not deviate from the flawlessness of her features . 
 she resembled me , yet was so much more delicate . 
 gold armlets snaked around her biceps , and bracelets adorned her wrists and ankles . 
 her glitter-soft white hair nearly reached the floor , and was plaited in several braids . 
 innocence enveloped her , glowed lovingly around her . 
 deceptively . 
 two separate needs battled for dominance . 
 i could run to her , accept her as my mother , and talk to her . 
 or i could use the blade i held in my hands and end the mess this arcadian had created . 
 i did neither . 
 i simply stood conflicted , my heart rate increasing , my palms sweating . 
 i was so filled with curiosity . 
 what would my life have been like if i had remained with her as a child ? 
 would i have known the love i 'd always craved ? 
 would i have killed innocent humans to please her ? 
 i was supposed to hate her , and i did hate her on so many levels . 
 take her into custody , the huntress in me cried . 
 question her . 
 find the missing men , if any of them are still alive . 
 find the babies . 
 still , i could n't force myself to move . 
 to act as i 'd been trained . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i managed . 
 `` to see you . '' 
 her fingers skipped down her braid . 
 `` would you like me to leave ? '' 
 `` i-no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 no matter my needs , that was n't an action i could allow . 
 she gave me a half smile , and amusement sparkled in her expression . 
 `` holding that knife , you remind me of myself . 
 so strong . 
 so ready to conquer the world . '' 
 `` except we use our weapons for different reasons . '' 
 there . 
 i 'd said it . 
 it was the first step in forcing myself to think of her only as a murderer , not a mother . 
 `` killing is killing . '' 
 slowly her smile faded , and she leaned her hip against the kitchen doorframe . 
 a hint of anger stiffened her chin . 
 `` which of us do you think has more fun with our victims ? '' 
 `` life is n't always about fun . '' 
 `` then what 's it about , hmm ? '' 
 `` doing the right thing . '' 
 `` is the right thing admitting to my crimes ? 
 fine . 
 i did it . 
 i killed the men you found . 
 they had served their purpose , and i learned well not to leave fathers with their babies . '' 
 i blinked at her cold confession , uttered so nonchalantly . 
 i 'd never-never-had an alien admit so blatantly to a crime . 
 and yet her confession fit so perfectly with her other actions . 
 shocking . 
 uncaring . 
 bold . 
 `` i 'm glad i did , '' she said . 
 `` it brought you to me . '' 
 `` you can not mean to convince me that you killed them only to get to me . 
 what about the babies ? '' 
 i asked , keeping my tone as neutral as hers-a feat that required every ounce of strength i possessed . 
 she shrugged , waved a delicate arm through the air , and gave a light chuckle . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 like a queen before her court , atlanna strolled around the kitchen , touching and lifting certain items for her inspection , then haplessly dropping them back into place . 
 wrinkling her nose in distaste , she traced a fingertip over the counter . 
 `` i expected kyrin 's home to appear more ... i do not know . 
 rugged ? '' 
 my teeth ground together so forcefully my jaw almost snapped . 
 `` you do realize you will be executed for your crimes , do you not ? '' 
 `` humans can not hurt me . '' 
 she faced me again , her gaze boring into mine , her eyes thoughtful . 
 `` you , though , could do great damage , i think . 
 you are , after all , my finest creation . '' 
 her words sent a rush of anger through me , and i scowled . 
 `` you had nothing to do with shaping me into the woman that i am . '' 
 `` you are more mine than your father 's . 
 more alien than human . '' 
 `` i am not like you . 
 i will never be like you . '' 
 `` no , mia en arr . 
 we are the same . '' 
 her beauty glowing in the light , she approached me . 
 `` your father hid you well . 
 i spent years , so many wasted years , searching for you in new britain . 
 then i read an article written about new chicago 's a.i.r. team . 
 there you were , staring out at me from a computer screen . 
 i packed my belongings and traveled here that very day . 
 i 've watched you , you know . 
 you are everything i wanted you to be . '' 
 there was a `` but '' in her tone . 
 `` but i fight for the wrong team , '' i finished for her . 
 `` yes . 
 there is that small little detail . 
 small '' - a grin flitted across her face - `` but fixable . '' 
 `` how did you know i was here , in kyrin 's home ? '' 
 `` i followed your trail of energy last night . 
 that , '' she said , her grin becoming sheepish , too innocent for the monster hidden inside , `` and i have my people watching kyrin . 
 the silly man thinks he is so smart , that he sneaks undetected through my home . 
 but i know . 
 i always know . '' 
 `` so here we are , '' i said , trying for a casual tone . 
 `` yes , here we are . 
 what better place for our first meeting ? 
 a.i.r. does not know where you are ; therefore they can not give me trouble . '' 
 she moved directly in front of me , and i smelled the subtle floral fragrance that encompassed her . 
 `` i was n't trying to hurt you that day in the parking lot . 
 kyrin was my target . '' 
 do your job , i told myself . 
 she 's evil . 
 vile . 
 i had to take her down . 
 duty first and always . 
 innocent lives rested in this arcadian 's hands , and if i did n't snatch them away , she would crush them . 
 `` how horrid kyrin is to keep you here , locked away . 
 do you plan to kill him ? 
 of course you do . '' 
 not giving myself time to think further , i dropped my knife and pounced . 
 perhaps i should have kept the weapon , but i was n't ready to kill her . 
 not when she might be the only way to find the babies . 
 not when-i did n't allow myself to consider the other reason . 
 i wrapped my leg around hers and pushed . 
 because my action was so swift and unexpected , and delivered with expert precision , she fell backward , her expression stunned . 
 i was on top of her in the next instant . 
 by then she had already gained her momentum and unleashed a torrent of power so great , i dropped to my knees with a thud . 
 my hands covered my ears , trying to block out the loud , piercing blast of reverberating energy through my head . 
 this was a thousand times worse than the pain i had experienced when stepping outside kyrin 's home . 
 wave after wave of agony rushed through me . 
 a scream tore past my throat . 
 an eternity passed , or maybe minutes , but i felt a brush of fingertips across my cheek and forced my gaze open . 
 atlanna crouched in front of me , her features filled with anger , as well as a hint of pride . 
 `` not many could have taken me unaware . '' 
 with a simple glide of her fingers , she removed the armband from my bicep . 
 `` you are free now , mia . 
 free to kill kyrin for locking you away . '' 
 slowly , the ringing inside my head subsided . 
 `` take me to the babies and return the human men you abducted , '' i croaked . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` but i 'm not finished with them yet , '' she said , rising . 
 i grasped her hand , meaning to keep her from leaving . 
 when our palms touched , her image filled my mind . 
 i saw her lying on plush carpeting , covered in blood . 
 whose ? 
 hers ? 
 she did n't move , did n't utter a sound . 
 was she dead or alive ? 
 who had hurt her ? 
 i tried to manipulate the vision , hoping to reveal the answers , but the harder i tried , the more the vision faded . 
 no , i almost shouted , unsure whether i spoke to the vision or to atlanna 's bleeding form . 
 stay with me . 
 i probed the edge of my consciousness , twisted each image with a mental hand . 
 soon the vividness of colors and the complexity of shapes evaporated into mist , finally vanishing completely . 
 my eyes wide , i stared up at her . 
 she watched me , her lips parted , her features now pale . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 she demanded , clutching my shoulders . 
 `` tell me what you saw . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i would n't tell her , did n't know how to tell her she might perish in the coming days . 
 i did n't even know how i felt about what i 'd seen . 
 she released me , stepped two feet away . 
 `` i , too , have visions . 
 they are never wrong . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said sadly . 
 `` do you know , too , that we sometimes see distortions of the truth ? '' 
 my brows drew together . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 that what i 'd seen might not come to pass ? 
 that what i 'd seen was merely one possibility of what the future held ? 
 `` i - '' she paused , whatever she 'd planned to say dying a quick death . 
 `` come to me after you have killed kyrin . 
 your ... brother would like to see you again . '' 
 with that , she strode from the house . 
 chapter 21 i bolted after her , my footsteps pounding into the wood panels . 
 just before i reached her , atlanna glanced over her shoulder , and for a moment of suspended time , our gazes held . 
 `` do not make me wait too long , '' she said . 
 my head filled with the same intense ringing she 'd caused before , and i squeezed my eyes shut as i dropped to the waiting ground . 
 how many minutes passed , i did n't know . 
 i only knew that when the sound cleared and the pain subsided , i opened my eyes and found myself alone . 
 atlanna had disappeared as if she 'd never stepped into the house . 
 her final words inside the house penetrated my now pain-free mind . 
 your brother would like to see you again . 
 i blinked once , twice . 
 kane . 
 the brother i did n't remember . 
 the brother my father worshipped and thought he 'd killed . 
 so kane was with atlanna . 
 was probably helping her . 
 i should have been shocked . 
 i was n't . 
 why should anything go right for this shitty case ? 
 i whipped to my feet , retrieved the knife i 'd dropped , and sheathed the sharp blade inside the waist of my skirt . 
 upstairs , i confiscated a pair of kyrin 's boots and multiple pairs of socks . 
 the socks i used as stuffing inside the boots , but even then the black leather boots proved several sizes too big and flopped on my feet . 
 i did n't waste time with pants or a shirt . 
 i simply tugged one of his jackets over my shoulders . 
 the thick material sagged , and the sleeves covered my hands . 
 it 'd have to do . 
 urgency hammering through me , i raced outside . 
 no street signs . 
 no traffic . 
 the afternoon air breathed a frosty cover in every direction as a large expanse of trees and untamed land greeted me . 
 how many miles stood between the city and me ? 
 i did n't know , could n't even see new chicago 's skyline . 
 i could begin walking , hoping someone would drive past and give me a lift , but ... i did n't like the odds , the waiting . 
 the time involved . 
 kyrin could return at any moment . 
 there had to be another way . 
 the answer entered my peripheral vision as i stepped farther away from the house . 
 to my right rested a four-car garage , square in shape , white trim and red brick , detached from the house . 
 the very garage i 'd watched kyrin speed from only one night ago . 
 i quickened my step , pumping my arms and flinging snowflakes up my calves . 
 the side door proved locked , and the automatic entrance too heavy for me to lift . 
 i busted the back window with a rock and climbed inside , knowing i 'd set off whatever alarm system he used . 
 i did n't care . 
 warmth enveloped me as i studied three suvs , each clean and all-terrain . 
 and waiting for a driver . 
 waiting for me . 
 i grinned . 
 one space proved empty , which meant kyrin was still using the jag . 
 as i considered what to do next , my smile dissolved . 
 i did n't know how to hot-wire a car . 
 earthlings used fingerprint ids to start cars . 
 most aliens did not have fingerprints , so they used voice recognition . 
 without kyrin ... no . 
 wait . 
 most likely , kyrin would have programmed a few of his servants ' voices into the system , in case he needed someone to run his errands . 
 or he would have left a recorder with his voice commands for their uses . 
 cursing , i ran back through the snow , my teeth chattering , my body shivering . 
 inside the house , the servants were still in hiding . 
 as i searched for them , i also searched for a recorder . 
 i rummaged through drawers and cabinets on the ground floor , finding nothing but a few batteries and bullets . 
 scowling , i pounded up the stairs to kyrin 's room , where i left no corner or hollow untouched . 
 i discovered a feather boa and a straw cowboy hat in his closet-but i did n't want to consider why he had those items . 
 back downstairs i went . 
 a few minutes later , i found a young woman hiding in a cubbyhole under the kitchen floor . 
 she screamed when she saw me . 
 i grabbed her by the upper arm and hefted her up . 
 `` come with me . 
 be good , and i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 her body trembled , but she did n't try to fight me . 
 i raced back outside , dragging her with me as i retraced my steps to the garage . 
 thankfully , there was no sign of kyrin 's return . 
 i approached the far suv , the one with chains on the tires , low mileage , and turbocharge . 
 `` open it , '' i commanded the woman . 
 `` op-open , '' she whispered . 
 nothing happened . 
 i banged my hand on the hood in frustration . 
 `` say it again . 
 in the right language . '' 
 `` luo , '' she shouted . 
 the door popped open . 
 relief pounded through me . 
 `` now make it start . '' 
 `` pren , '' she shouted , and the engine hummed instantly to life . 
 i released her and slid inside the car . 
 as she sprinted away , i programmed in the coordinates to my apartment . 
 the garage door opened automatically and the car jolted into motion . 
 the squeal of thick tire tread filled my ears as i sped away . 
 i snatched the car phone and said , `` jack pagosa , a.i.r. , '' into the speaker . 
 i heard the ring , but he never answered . 
 shit . 
 i 'd try again when i reached my home . 
 i drove north for half an hour , and had almost given up finding a familiar road when new chicago 's skyscrapers rose ahead , above the horizon . 
 an hour later , i eased into my building 's parking lot . 
 i left the car running . 
 my steps clipped and frantic , i strode inside the building . 
 the hallway was a broad opening into an expansive sunlit lobby that left nothing to obstruct my vision . 
 just as i rounded the corner , i heard a high-pitched you 're - looking-good whistle . 
 i turned sharply on the balls of my feet . 
 my neighbor , eddie briggs , paled when he realized who he 'd just objectified . 
 he was damn lucky i did n't knife him . 
 `` uh , hi , '' he said , pressing his glasses up his nose and trying not to stare at my cle ** age . 
 he was n't doing too good a job . 
 he stood in front of the elevator , tall , lanky , and young , probably twenty , with dark blond hair and freckled skin . 
 `` if you want to live , do n't comment on my clothes . '' 
 i never slowed my step and quickly passed him . 
 i felt his gaze on my legs . 
 `` uh , the police have been here looking for you , '' he called . 
 i stopped mid-step and spun to face him . 
 `` did they question you ? '' 
 i waited . 
 nothing further was offered . 
 he just continued to stare at the gown beneath the jacket , and i waved my hand in front of his face until he actually made eye contact . 
 `` what 'd you tell them ? '' 
 `` that i did n't know nuthin ' . 
 that i had n't seen you in a few days . '' 
 `` you did good , '' i told him , jumping back into stride . 
 only when i reached my apartment did i stop again . 
 i cursed . 
 my id unit was busted . 
 i cautiously stepped into the foyer and scanned my living room . 
 nothing appeared out of place or destroyed , but ... something did n't feel right . 
 the air pulsed with someone else 's energy . 
 someone , maybe a.i.r. , maybe not , had searched my place . 
 that someone might still be here . 
 i unsheathed my knife . 
 a thorough search revealed an empty trash bin and a missing answering unit , but thankfully , no intruder . 
 i tried jack again . 
 after eight rings , i slammed the receiver onto the kitchen receptor , once , twice . 
 where the hell was he ? 
 my fingers stiff , i phoned the hospital next , only to be informed that dr. hannah was absent . 
 was everyone conspiring against me ? 
 after locking up as best i could , i hurried through the spray-shower , changed into fitted slacks and a button-down , then ceremoniously dumped kyrin 's clothing into the corner . 
 god , it felt good to wear my own things . 
 even better , i had strapped on a pyre-gun , clips , and several knives . 
 i secured the necklace kyrin had given me in my closet safe , where i usually kept old weapons . 
 i did n't know what i was going to do with it yet . 
 thankfully no one had stolen the suv , so i used it to drive to the hospital . 
 anticipation filled me as i strode into dallas 's room ; sunlight streamed through the open blinds and gleamed on the white tile and silver bed rails . 
 i stood there , drinking in every detail . 
 dallas was propped up on the bed , eating lunch and speaking with another agent . 
 garret harsbro , i realized , a young recruit fresh from school . 
 i felt a surge of joy and relief , consuming , pure . 
 dallas was alive , healthy , and whole . 
 his skin possessed a strong pink tint . 
 his motions were slow but sure . 
 the only evidence of his recent brush with death was his thinner cheeks and the lines of tension around his mouth . 
 he chuckled at something garret said , the sound a little strained , yet i found myself laughing with him . 
 true laughter . 
 uninhibited . 
 he heard me and glanced over . 
 i had to bite back a gasp . 
 his eyes ... even from this distance i could tell they were no longer the deep brown of before . 
 they were lighter . 
 almost blue . 
 like kyrin 's . 
 `` mia , '' he said , dropping his fork and returning my smile . 
 `` damn , but it 's good to see you . '' 
 i rushed to his bedside and clasped his hand in mine . 
 `` welcome back , '' i said . 
 `` welcome back . '' 
 he gave my palm a squeeze , his grasp weak . 
 `` glad to be back . 
 dr. hannah said i should be dead , but the gods must like me . '' 
 i blinked up at garret . 
 `` will you excuse us ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't give a shit if i was being rude . 
 i needed some time alone with my friend . 
 my best friend . 
 garret gave me an appreciative grin , nodded , then strode from the room . 
 when we were alone , i turned back to dallas and said , `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` better every hour . '' 
 suddenly the smile fell from his lips , and he eyed me with concern . 
 `` you missed jaxon by ten minutes . 
 something 's going on , mia , and it has to do with you . '' 
 i did n't want him to worry . 
 `` i 've been out of touch for a few days , that 's all . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's more than that , and - '' he paused , like my words had only just reached him . 
 `` what do you mean you 've been out of touch ? 
 you 're never out of touch . 
 your job is your life . '' 
 `` long story , and i do n't have time to explain . 
 what did jaxon tell you ? '' 
 `` he wanted to know if i 'd spoken to you since i 'd come out of the coma last night . 
 and of course i had n't . '' 
 `` that it ? '' 
 `` well , it 's what he did n't say that threw me . 
 jack called on jaxon 's cell . 
 another body was found this morning . 
 i do n't know who . 
 jaxon would n't tell me . 
 anyway , while jack was talking , jaxon turned pale . 
 he whispered your name , and at first i thought you were the one dead . 
 but when i asked jaxon about it , he said i 'd misheard and to call him if i spoke to you . '' 
 that did n't sound good . 
 `` jaxon bolted after that . 
 i called your house and your cell , but could n't reach you . 
 your unit did n't even pick up . '' 
 trying not to reveal my trepidation , i kissed his cheek . 
 `` i 'll explain everything once i 've spoken with jack , okay ? '' 
 he reluctantly nodded and tugged on my hand to keep me by his side a moment longer . 
 `` be careful . '' 
 i managed a grin . 
 `` always . '' 
 by the time the station house came into view , my unease had grown to unimaginable proportions . 
 i refused to be a coward , however , so i maneuvered into the parking lot . 
 i watched the building as agents came and went . 
 nothing seemed unusual . 
 resigned but still unsure , i slipped inside the lobby . 
 several agents greeted me normally with a quick `` hi '' and a smile . 
 some rushed to my side , patted me on the shoulder , and asked how i was doing . 
 i answered politely but sternly , `` i 'm fine , '' and kept moving . 
 others eyed me with leery distrust and maintained their distance . 
 when i reached jack 's office , i paused , hand raised midair . 
 i 'd never knocked before . 
 why start now ? 
 i pushed open the door . 
 jack was in the middle of a sentence and cut himself off abruptly when he saw me . 
 jaxon , jaffee , and mandalay were seated in front of his desk , and all turned their focus to me . 
 jaxon jumped to his feet . 
 he strode one step toward me , then stopped . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked , concern dripping from his words . 
 i gave him a weak smile . 
 `` as good as can be expected . '' 
 `` he did n't ... hurt you , did he ? '' 
 jaxon asked softly . 
 `` no . 
 he did n't . '' 
 a moment of silence encompassed the room . 
 silence tight and heavy , unnatural . 
 finally jack said , `` what the hell are you doing here , mia ? 
 we 've had pd and agents scouring the countryside for three days . 
 three damn days , and you stroll oh so pretty into my office , as if nothing ever happened . '' 
 there was no time to explain . 
 `` i know who killed steele , jack . 
 and the others . '' 
 `` yeah , '' jack said , easing back in his chair and popping antacids like candy . 
 `` so do we . 
 kyrin en arr . '' 
 i opened my mouth to utter a determined , `` you 're wrong , '' but ghost and kittie rushed inside , halting my words . 
 they flanked my sides and ground to a halt when they saw me . 
 `` dallas called my cell , '' ghost said , dragging in breaths after every word . 
 `` he said you were on your way here . '' 
 he enfolded me in his arms . 
 `` kyrin did n't hurt you , did he ? '' 
 he demanded , repeating jaxon 's question . 
 `` because i will personally find him and kill him-if you have n't already . '' 
 `` he 's still alive , '' i answered , `` and i 'd like him to stay that way . 
 he is n't violent . '' 
 `` oh , he 's not , huh ? '' 
 jack threw back a few more antacids . 
 `` then why is his voice dna recorded at the scene ? 
 and why , '' he added darkly , `` are your fingerprints there ? '' 
 there was something in his eyes , a gleam i 'd never seen directed at me before . 
 they knew i 'd been at the scene , but did they know about my origins ? 
 did they suspect ? 
 my attention moved to mandalay . 
 she hastily glanced away . 
 next , i focused on jaffee . 
 he , too , could n't face me for long . 
 jaxon , ghost , and kittie all watched me , each with equal expressions of concern and dread . 
 i faced jack . 
 `` what are you getting at ? '' 
 `` think back to the day you were taken , mia . 
 one minute i 'm watching you have a pleasant discussion with an invading arcadian , and the next you simply disappear . 
 we do n't hear from you for three days , and then we discover your fingerprints all over a crime scene . 
 how does that look to you ? '' 
 i did n't answer his question , but spoke one of my own . 
 `` do you think i 'm guilty of murder ? 
 is that what you 're saying ? '' 
 defeated , he slumped back in his chair . 
 `` no , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i do n't . 
 you 're the best hunter i 've got . 
 you 've saved god knows how many lives , and taken god knows how many alien lives . 
 but the top guns are out for your blood . 
 they think you 're guilty , that you 've helped kyrin every step of the way . '' 
 he pushed out a sigh . 
 `` they want your badge . '' 
 dread uncurled inside my stomach and launched a path through my blood . 
 `` neither kyrin nor i killed those people . '' 
 `` i know you were n't involved , but this kyrin - '' `` trust me . 
 i - '' `` i trust you , '' he interjected . 
 `` always have . 
 but i do n't trust him . 
 and besides that , i have to do my job . 
 right now i have orders to take your gun and your badge , pending investigation . 
 you 're on leave until further notice , and do n't give me any shit about it . 
 this is standard procedure . 
 you know that . 
 you 're lucky it 's not worse . '' 
 `` i 'm keeping my gun , jack , and i 'm staying active , '' i said , hand tightening around the gun in question . 
 `` legally or not . '' 
 he blinked over at me , searching my eyes for ... what ? 
 the strength of my determination ? 
 the lengths i 'd endure to triumph ? 
 whatever he saw deflated his intent . 
 `` i knew you 'd be difficult , '' he said , but there was n't any heat to his tone . 
 `` fine . 
 keep your gun . 
 i suggest you spend your time proving your innocence and bringing me the one responsible . 
 but by god , you were never here . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` i did n't see her , '' jaxon said . 
 `` see who ? '' 
 ghost asked . 
 `` mia 's still missing . '' 
 `` think i 'll search for her in the northern district , '' kittie said . 
 `` you know how that woman likes to shop . '' 
 `` get out of here before i change my mind , '' jack commanded gruffly . 
 god , i loved these men . 
 i gave each man a quick hug . 
 when my arms wrapped around ghost 's neck , he whispered , `` you need anything , you call . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i also knew what i had to do next . 
 even though it would make me look that much more guilty . 
 when i stepped into the hall , i stayed in the shadows . 
 i 'd worked here so long , i knew every secret room , every place to hide . 
 sweat beaded on my face and hands , and my heart raced . 
 what i was about to do was going to piss off jack , and maybe destroy his trust in me . 
 but this had to be done . 
 kyrin had said i had powers , that i had only to reach inside myself to find them . 
 atlanna , too , had said i possessed powers as strong as her own . 
 i had felt glimmers of them over the years , and especially these last couple of days . 
 i 'd had no control of them , however . 
 i had to try , though . 
 i closed my eyes and mentally reached within my mind , plucking away the walls i 'd erected there . 
 one by one the stones fell , until slowly , so slowly , the entire structure crumbled . 
 nothing happened at first . 
 i stood on the precipice , hovering , waiting , the force of everything i 'd buried churning like a tempest . 
 i realized at that moment i 'd been asleep my entire life and was only just now about to awaken . 
 with a shaky arm , i stretched out a mental hand . 
 the moment my fingers penetrated the swirling fog , energy flooded me . 
 my knees almost buckled from the intensity . 
 so much power . 
 it consumed me , ate me alive . 
 i trembled , and my eyelids flew open . 
 focus , i commanded myself . 
 focus . 
 everything around me-the people , insects , dust-moved in slow motion . 
 barely moved , in fact . 
 almost as if they were standing still . 
 just like before , in the parking lot with kyrin . 
 i heard the tick of a clock , yet the ticks seemed to come every other minute instead of every second . 
 the voices around me sounded deep and dragging . 
 i took one step , then another , and found that i moved quickly , faster than i 'd ever moved before . 
 i flew through motion detectors and across weight-sensitive floors , then checked myself into the cell hall . 
 i had lilla by the hand before my presence was even announced over the computer . 
 lilla 's expression was shocked , yet she did n't resist me as i dragged her from the building and into kyrin 's car . 
 only when we were on the highway did i allow myself to relax . 
 the moment i relaxed , all energy deserted me , and time kicked back into regular speed . 
 things no longer moved slowly , voices no longer dragged . 
 i was the one dragging now . 
 a wave of dizziness assaulted me . 
 my stomach rolled . 
 i programmed the car to a stop , tumbled out , and emptied the contents of my stomach there on the side of the road . 
 lilla opened the passenger door . 
 i thought she meant to run , that i 'd have to find the energy to chase her , but she crouched beside me . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 she asked . 
 my head felt heavy , too heavy , but i managed to turn toward her . 
 `` known what ? '' 
 `` that you are like me ? '' 
 `` two days . '' 
 something vulnerable flickered in her eyes . 
 `` why did you free me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` for your brother . 
 now answer a question for me . 
 did you help atlanna abduct those humans ? '' 
 silence swelled around us . 
 finally , `` yes , '' she admitted . 
 `` but when i realized she planned to kill them after we had finished with them , i asked kyrin to help me stop her . 
 i just-i wanted a baby of my own , and i thought that was a wonderful way to have one . '' 
 i drew in a breath . 
 i did n't trust this woman fully , but i had to put my life in her hands . 
 i had no other choice . 
 `` get us to kyrin 's , okay . 
 i need to close my eyes . '' 
 she helped me back into the car , and the last of my strength deserted me . 
 i did n't want to sleep . 
 i wanted to be awake when we reached kyrin 's . 
 but the moment the car jerked into gear , my mind went blank , and a deep haze cocooned me . 
 chapter 22 ribbons of awareness slipped into my conscious mind , incrementally prodding me to wakefulness . 
 i blinked open my eyes . 
 at first , i saw nothing more than black spiderwebs , making my surroundings appear hazy and unclear . 
 when i focused , a sight more delicious than a smoldering ocean of coffee greeted me , and a smile played at the corners of my lips . 
 i stretched like a contented kitten . 
 kyrin lounged beside me , propped on his elbows . 
 `` hello , '' i said , a yawn at the edge of each syllable . 
 then i remembered what he 'd done to me , how he 'd shackled me . 
 i lost my smile and punched him . 
 his head whipped to the side . 
 `` that 's for trying to hold me prisoner again . '' 
 as he rubbed his jaw , he gave me a repentant sigh . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i only thought to protect you . 
 i knew you would chase after atlanna , and i did n't want you to do that alone . 
 i never expected her to come to you . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest . 
 `` you have my solemn oath that i will never , never , clamp you with an armband again . '' 
 muted beams of light etched his frame , darkening the aura of disquiet around him . 
 my brow furrowed together , and i frowned . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nine p.m. '' `` how did i get here ? '' 
 i asked , then paused . 
 `` wait . 
 my memories are a bit fuzzy , but i remember bits and pieces . 
 lilla drove me , right ? '' 
 `` yes , she did . '' 
 he brushed his fingertips over my cheek , around my ear , then tunneled into my hair . 
 `` thank you for freeing my sister . '' 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 i relaxed into his touch . 
 with slow , sensual grace , he swirled a dark tendril around his finger , then glided the raven tress over his cheekbone . 
 `` i had a vision about atlanna . 
 i think-i think she will soon die . '' 
 `` die ? 
 how ? '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` i saw her prone , lifeless body on the ground , her blood seeping away from her . '' 
 a tremor raked my spine . 
 `` my visions are never wrong . '' 
 his voice became as gentle as a summer rain . 
 `` perhaps we will win this war , after all . '' 
 i should have felt tremendous joy at such a remark , but i did n't . 
 sinking into him would have been so easy . 
 wrapping my arms around his neck and pulling him to me for a kiss would have been easier still . 
 yet i did neither of those things . 
 i allowed him to offer the comfort . 
 his fingers cupped the back of my neck , and he did what i had not . 
 he urged me back onto the mattress , allowing his lips to brush against mine . 
 in the wake of such a sweet promise , i lost all sense of animosity and abandoned myself to his kiss . 
 gently , so gently , our tongues danced together . 
 his tasted as pure and masculine as i remembered . 
 his scent wrapped around me , evoking images of star-filled nights , expensive champagne , and chocolate truffles . 
 on an achy moan , i slipped my hands under his shirt , willing to give him everything i had to give . 
 his skin was soft velvet over hard steel . 
 his moan matched mine in intensity , but he tore his mouth away . 
 his breathing labored , he said , `` lilla told me what happened . 
 how you used your powers . '' 
 i drew in a shaky breath , and my arms dropped back to my sides . 
 `` a.i.r. thinks you killed those men . 
 william steele , sullivanbay , and even the woman , rianne harte . 
 they 're determined to hunt you down and execute you . '' 
 my voice hardened with authority . 
 `` i want you to leave the city . '' 
 `` how are they so sure i am guilty ? '' 
 `` your voice dna is all over bay 's murder scene . 
 and the fact that you had contact with every victim does n't help . '' 
 he cursed under his breath . 
 `` i did not have enough time to clean away the evidence of my presence the last time . 
 i should never have gone , but i wanted you to see atlanna 's cruelty for yourself . '' 
 the doorbell sounded . 
 i jolted up . 
 i knew instantly who stood outside , wanting entrance into kyrin 's home . 
 a.i.r. adrenaline pumped through my blood , giving me strength . 
 `` get up . 
 we have to go . '' 
 he remained casually lounged atop the mattress . 
 `` worry not , little angel , '' he said as his lips curled . 
 `` i will send them on their way . '' 
 my hands anchored to my hips , and i leaned my face into his . 
 only a breath away . 
 `` i do n't know how they found you , but they can enter your home with or without your permission . 
 the fact that they 're ringing your doorbell is only out of respect for me . '' 
 his shoulders lifted in a shrug . 
 `` i will simply make them choose not to enter . '' 
 riding a wave of urgency , i latched onto his arm and jerked him to his feet . 
 `` mind control is n't something you can do . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` you are right . '' 
 still , he acted unconcerned . 
 `` kyrin ! 
 work with me here . '' 
 he clasped my forearms and leveled me a glance . 
 `` lilla is here , mia . 
 she can dissuade a.i.r. from entering . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 just like that , amusement replaced my apprehension . 
 a deep , true chuckle escaped . 
 `` i never thought i 'd be glad for her ability . '' 
 `` you are beautiful when you laugh . 
 like a goddess of love come to enchant all who gaze upon you . '' 
 `` enough , '' a female voice said from the doorway . 
 `` you are making me sick . '' 
 both kyrin and i reluctantly turned away from each other and toward lilla , the sounds of revving engines in our ears . 
 `` i will hear your thanks now , '' she said dryly . 
 `` i just saved both of you . 
 i like roses . '' 
 `` go play , '' kyrin said . 
 he waved one hand through the air . 
 `` we are busy . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` stay . 
 we have work to do . 
 we 're going to visit atlanna . 
 tonight . '' 
 kyrin frowned . 
 `` you have not enough experience using your powers , '' he said . 
 `` we are not ready to face her . '' 
 `` with enough pyre-guns , we 'll be ready for three intergalactic wars . '' 
 i shifted my gaze to lilla , who still leaned casually against the doorframe . 
 `` can we count on your help ? '' 
 `` you set me free , '' she answered , her expression resigned . 
 `` i owe you . 
 and an arcadian always pays her debts . '' 
 i almost shook my head in surprise . 
 these two aliens i had judged so harshly and fought so incessantly to destroy were becoming my strongest allies . 
 that fact boggled my mind . 
 i wanted to thank them , tell them i was sorry , and demand to know why all at once . 
 kyrin sighed . 
 `` what should i do first ? '' 
 `` get a car ready , '' i said . 
 `` i know where we can get weapons . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` a.i.r. is about to make an anonymous contribution . '' 
 sneaking through the back door , up an elevator shaft , and into a.i.r. storage took a little over an hour . 
 i had to dodge cameras , guards , and id scans . 
 not easy , and not fun . 
 but i did it . 
 i pocketed several pyre-guns and daggers from agents ' lockers , and loaded myself down with top-of-the-line , state-of-the-art experimental gear from the lab . 
 exiting a.i.r. only required ten minutes . 
 i just jacked the alarm in sector twelve and ran like hell . 
 as i turned toward the corner , five agents approached , guns drawn . 
 i recognized three of them . 
 they were hard , by-the-book a.i.r. . 
 if one of them tried to stop me ... i knew i could n't kill a fellow agent , so i increased my speed . 
 maybe they would be too busy to notice me , a suspended officer , striding as pretty as i pleased through this secured area . 
 right . 
 i did n't know what would happen next , but i was prepared for anything . 
 they passed by , heading toward the alarm without giving me more than a conspiratorial wave and a knowing grin . 
 god , i loved these people ! 
 once situated in kyrin 's suv , where both kyrin and lilla awaited me , i passed out weapons and said , `` there 's one more thing i need . '' 
 i slipped my cell unit from my back pocket . 
 i rang ghost , kittie , and jaxon on conference . 
 i knew calling them was the right thing to do . 
 they could get into places i could n't , and having them at my back would give me a sense of peace . 
 `` i need your help , '' i said after each man had answered . 
 they replied without hesitation , granting my request . 
 ghost even said , `` i 'll do whatever i can to help prove your innocence . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , and i meant it . 
 i briefed them on the situation . 
 i told them everything . 
 about atlanna . 
 about kyrin . 
 about lilla . 
 `` you still in ? '' 
 i asked . 
 one by one , they all agreed . 
 these men might never know how much their support meant to me . 
 `` meet me at the northeast corner of michigan avenue . 
 one hour . '' 
 i slipped my phone into my back pocket and began strapping a recorder under my chest . 
 this time , i was going to record atlanna 's voice . 
 when i finished , i turned to kyrin . 
 determination stiffened my spine . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 chapter 23 twenty-five minutes later , i found myself crawling over hills , around trees , and along icy embankments . 
 kyrin had explained the layout of the house , so we knew to enter through the basement . 
 ghost and lilla snagged the rear of our little train . 
 kittie and jaxon had the middle , just behind me , and we all stealthily followed kyrin . 
 some of us moved a little more stealthily than others . 
 apparently , lilla did not know the meaning of the word silence . 
 her knees found and snapped every twig within a mile radius . 
 and she 'd slipped on the ice too many times to count . 
 i could n't believe this klutzy alien was the same one who 'd once given me the slip . 
 when we topped the last hill , i gazed down at a beautifully landscaped garden that led to a circling wall and an equally beautiful home . 
 not a mansion like kyrin 's , but close . 
 as white as ecstasy , with a peaked roof that dipped and rose like the waves of an ocean . 
 `` she keeps the men in the basement , '' kyrin whispered to me . 
 `` excellent , '' i replied just as quietly . 
 `` ghost and i will check for survivors . 
 if we find any , we 'll bring them here . 
 jaxon , you look for children , or any hint of children . 
 all of you , grab any files-hell , any papers you see . 
 kyrin , stay here . '' 
 kyrin 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` you are not going inside that house without me . '' 
 `` you 're not trained for this type of mission , and i need someone out here , acting as guard . 
 you can project your voice into my head and tell me if anyone else arrives . '' 
 `` i go in . '' 
 `` i 'm not trained either . 
 i do not mind waiting , '' lilla offered . 
 i shot her a glance . 
 `` we may need your mind control . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` this seemed fun in theory , but now that we are here ... '' `` hey , babe , do n't worry . 
 i 'll cover you , '' ghost said , a lusty edge to his words . 
 she smiled over at him , even ran her nails over his arm . 
 `` i like the thought of your body covering mine . 
 you are so dark . '' 
 i leveled ghost a warning glare . 
 `` concentrate , people . 
 screw later . '' 
 sheepish , he shrugged . 
 `` i go in , '' kyrin repeated . 
 `` all right . 
 everyone goes , '' i said . 
 `` just stay quiet . '' 
 i directed the last to lilla . 
 this time , ghost and i led the way . 
 several armed men , all human , patrolled the outside wall . 
 lilla distracted their minds , and we were able to stride directly in front of them . 
 they never saw us . 
 remaining alert , we led our ragtag group inside the home 's basement door , which ghost expertly opened for us . 
 three female arcadians were sauntering down a nearby hallway . 
 mind control was n't what we needed here . 
 i wanted these aliens incapacitated . 
 `` stun , '' i mouthed to my men . 
 they might be pregnant , so i did n't want them killed . 
 each man nodded in turn . 
 we set our pyre-guns to stun and fired on my count of three . 
 the room lit for a split second , then one by one the women froze in place , their minds and bodies on hold . 
 before any of us could blink , a fourth woman burst from the shadows , surprising us . 
 her expression wild , she stabbed ghost in the thigh with a retractable knife . 
 he groaned , the sound blending with the woman 's screech as she raced away . 
 i bolted after her and tackled her , knocking her to the plush carpet . 
 the moment our bodies hit , she fought like a caged tigress . 
 she scratched , bit , kicked , and clawed . 
 i landed a solid punch to her chin , knocking her witless for a few seconds . 
 those seconds were all that i needed . 
 i steadied my gun and fired . 
 as the stunned woman lay motionless , i pushed to my feet . 
 jaxon , ghost , and kittie all watched me expectantly . 
 lilla appeared distraught , as if i might attack her next , and kyrin was shaking his head in exasperation . 
 `` can you not go one day without using your fists ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i ignored him . 
 `` playtime is over , kiddies . 
 follow me . '' 
 we worked our way through without further incident . 
 ghost dragged at the rear . 
 there were several rooms , but only one was occupied . 
 a lone man reclined upon a soft , decadent bed . 
 fat silk pillows of every color enveloped him . 
 wispy lace hung from the ceiling , cascading around x-rated portraits of couples having sex . 
 the man was completely na ** d and reading a magazine . 
 erotic encounters . 
 his long , muscular legs consumed every inch of space , and his dark hair and dark eyes glowed with boredom . 
 i did n't recognize him from the missing persons portfolio . 
 when he spotted me , he set his magazine aside with a sigh . 
 `` how do you want it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 resignation dripped from his voice . 
 `` ssshhh , '' i hissed , scanning the room to make sure we were alone . 
 once i was satisfied that no other ears were listening , i crossed the room and positioned myself at the foot of the bed . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` terrence ford . '' 
 `` are you here willingly ? '' 
 jaxon asked . 
 `` no , '' ford said . 
 he kept his gaze directed at me . 
 `` do you want to be on top ? '' 
 behind me , kittie chuckled . 
 `` yeah , mia . 
 do you want on top ? '' 
 `` i 'm here to save you , '' i told the victim . 
 `` not screw you . 
 idiot , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 `` see this man here ? '' 
 i motioned to ghost . 
 `` he 's going to take you to safety . '' 
 ford stood so quickly , the sheet atop the bed whipped to the floor . 
 his knees were wobbly , and he would have tumbled to the ground if jaxon had n't grabbed him by the forearm . 
 `` steady , '' jaxon said . 
 i draped the comforter around the man 's nakedness . 
 `` thank you , '' he gushed . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 ghost helped the poor , practically-screwed-to-death man from the chamber . 
 i noticed ghost was limping , and with every step the limp worsened . 
 in fact , a trail of blood now followed him . 
 `` guard ford , and wait in the car , '' i told him . 
 ghost did n't argue . 
 he nodded , for the first time looking like his name . 
 i turned to kyrin . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'm ready to face atlanna . '' 
 ready to face my mother . 
 chapter 24 we entered several upstairs bedrooms . 
 like the rooms below , these were empty . 
 we kept moving until we spotted a gathering of arcadians huddled together in the middle of a hallway , laughing and talking . 
 the carpeted flooring was congested with females , probably breeders , i realized . 
 our guns were already set to stun , so we discharged a round of lasers . 
 blue lit the air like a midnight bonfire , and suddenly their bodies looked frozen by time , some standing , some sitting . 
 some were even poised with hands upraised , mouths open . 
 this almost seemed too easy . 
 shaking my head , i studied the forked hallway ahead of me . 
 two choices . 
 left or right . 
 `` lilla , '' i said , `` stay here . 
 detour anyone who comes this way . '' 
 she gulped and clasped a pyre-gun as if it were a precious diamond . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` jaxon , kittie . 
 you take the right . 
 kyrin and i will take the left . '' 
 everyone nodded , and we split . 
 kyrin and i entered a large sitting room , making sure to stay in the shadows . 
 a fireplace decorated the far wall , the only spot not covered by mirrors . 
 a black velvet couch and two matching chairs flanked the center . 
 i sucked in a breath . 
 there , in the second chair , lounged atlanna . 
 she wore a sheer lavender gown , mere wisps of fabric , and her snow-white hair hung down her body in erotic curls . 
 a man was seated directly across from her , talking about their progress with the halflings . 
 i could n't make out his features , but i knew from his short , inky hair that he was human . 
 i inched a step toward them , my pyre-gun aimed at atlanna 's heart . 
 stun . 
 i 'd only stun her , i thought , squeezing the trigger . 
 blue lights erupted . 
 then fizzled . 
 i watched , my heartbeat suspended . 
 my mouth formed a small o. shit , shit . 
 something was wrong . 
 atlanna remained completely unaffected . 
 in fact , neither she nor the human had ceased their conversation . 
 kyrin fired off a round of his own . 
 nothing . 
 atlanna shifted her body and faced me directly , as if she 'd known i was there the entire time . 
 `` i 'm so glad you decided to join me , mia . 
 sorry i had to destroy your weapon . '' 
 she waved her fingers in the man 's direction . 
 `` leave us , '' she said . 
 he instantly obeyed and disappeared behind a mirrored door . 
 before i could receive a clear look at his features , a sharp pain lanced through my hand . 
 with a gasp , i dropped my gun , and the metal fell limply from my fingers and thudded on the carpet . 
 kyrin 's features were contorted with pain , i noticed , and he too dropped his gun . 
 `` much better , '' atlanna said , and the pain stopped . 
 `` our battle will end here and now , atlanna , '' i told her , straightening to my full height . 
 `` you disappoint me , '' she said . 
 `` i thought you 'd kill kyrin and help me . 
 instead , you do the opposite . 
 foolish girl . '' 
 a swarm of arcadians burst into the room from the mirrored door , surrounding us . 
 the air circling kyrin thickened , and i knew he was about to use his lightning-fast reflexes . 
 i closed my eyes , willing myself to do the same , damn the consequences . 
 instantly , my powers sprang free . 
 when my eyelids snapped open , i saw kyrin fighting three arcadians at once . 
 they moved slowly , barely an inch per second , while he waltzed around them , punching and kicking . 
 i turned my attention to atlanna . 
 her eyes were narrowed , and she was watching me . 
 she strode a step in my direction , yet even her actions were slowed . 
 it was as if she could see me , but could n't force herself to move as quickly . 
 something deadly gleamed in her gaze . 
 fighting my way toward her , i landed a quick kick to one man 's neck and a hard jab to another 's midsection . 
 but my head began to ache , my muscles going lax , and i slowed the closer i came to her . 
 i knew , knew , atlanna was the source of my pain , just as before . 
 the more the ache intensified , the more energy i lost , until finally i was jolted back into normal speed . 
 lethargy seeped into my every pore . 
 she grinned . 
 before i could gather the strength to protest , four male aliens latched onto my arms and legs . 
 they gripped me , and i used what little strength i had to try and jerk myself free . 
 i failed . 
 where was kyrin ? 
 was he safe ? 
 i could no longer see him , but i knew he was there , knew he fought for my freedom . 
 two of my guards flew back against the wall , making me fly forward . 
 before the other two were felled , a mass of them converged around me and managed to apprehend kyrin . 
 slowly , his image appeared . 
 my strength completely gone now , i sagged against my captors . 
 `` my people have already gathered the rest of your team , '' atlanna said . 
 `` how silly to think you could best me . '' 
 she positioned herself directly in front of me . 
 `` if you harm them , i will make your death as painful as possible . '' 
 her hands came up , the nails long and clean , polished , and she caressed my jawbone . 
 `` i want a thousand more just like you . 
 think of the profit they would bring . '' 
 eager to brag , she said , `` for years i thought the answer lay in science , but all along i was the answer . 
 me . 
 my blood , like kyrin 's , has healing qualities that aid in the creation of halfling offspring . 
 after i infused my women with my blood , they were able to produce healthy babies with earth men . '' 
 `` where are they ? 
 where are the children ? '' 
 `` i 'll never tell . '' 
 `` you disgust me . '' 
 fury flashed in her brilliant lavender eyes . 
 `` whip him , '' she said , motioning to kyrin . 
 `` and if you fight it , '' she told him , `` i will punish mia . 
 i might anyway . 
 she 's proving to be quite a disappointment . '' 
 his expression dark and dangerous , he nodded . 
 a guard stripped away his shirt and bared his back . 
 `` i will be fine , '' he assured me with a strained smile . 
 that smile was almost my undoing . 
 he thought to keep me calm , to assure me everything would be okay . 
 we both knew it would n't be . 
 `` he is able to heal quickly , '' atlanna growled , `` unless he is whipped until there is none of his precious blood left . 
 or ... unless the whip is laced with poison . 
 which this one is . 
 you see , the poison binds with the healing properties of his blood , and the more his body tries to recover , the more the poison destroys him . '' 
 a mixture of panic , dread , and helplessness uncurled in my stomach , giving me a jolt of energy . 
 i twisted and lunged ; free for a moment , i raced toward him , but was quickly grabbed again and subdued . 
 `` leave him the hell alone , '' i screamed . 
 `` continue , '' atlanna said to the whip wielder . 
 the first blow landed on his back , and kyrin flinched . 
 then the next and the next were delivered in rapid succession . 
 sweat dripped from his temples , and blood flowed like a crimson river down his back . 
 again , the long , thick length of the whip cracked through the air . 
 he moaned . 
 `` let him go , '' i shouted , kicking and jerking . 
 i just did n't have the physical strength to fight my way free . 
 `` i 'll kill you . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i 'll kill you . '' 
 atlanna 's eyes narrowed menacingly . 
 `` no , you will not . 
 you will help me breed more . '' 
 i stilled . 
 `` i 'm your daughter , and you would do that to me ? '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 i hoped to gain your willingness , but if you will not give it , i will take it by force . 
 lock her up , '' she snarled to the guards who held me . 
 `` perhaps some time alone will help her adjust to her new fate . '' 
 i fought for my life , lilla 's , my agents ' , and most importantly kyrin 's , as six arcadian warriors dragged me into a cold , dank cell . 
 a cot lined the far wall , the only piece of furniture . 
 no blankets , no toilet . 
 this prison was nothing like terrence ford 's . 
 his had been meant for seduction . 
 mine was meant for punishment . 
 perhaps death . 
 the door slammed closed . 
 a lock clicked in place , and red lasers formed bars , illuminating the small area with an eerie cerise glow . 
 alone now , i felt terror slice through my mind . 
 escape . 
 i had to escape . 
 the walls were closing in , faster , faster . 
 darkness all around . 
 i heard a woman 's screams , and realized moments later that they were mine . 
 my throat was raw , my hands aching from clawing at the walls . 
 to my surprise , i felt a comforting presence enter my mind . 
 i knew instantly that kyrin was reaching out to me . 
 he was alive . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he said inside my head . 
 peace settled over me , as warm and welcoming as a winter coat . 
 i am a fighter , i reminded myself . 
 atlanna would not defeat me . 
 she would not break me . 
 i patted down my body . 
 the weapons i 'd strapped to my thighs and waist were gone , taken during the trek here . 
 i traced my palm over the edge of my boot , and a relieved sigh slipped from my lips . 
 i still had one blade , small but just as deadly as any other . 
 with only one knife , how was i going to win this war ? 
 the answer came to me like a gift from the god i 'd thought i had forgotten . 
 i straightened my shoulders , determination working through me . 
 i knew what i had to do . 
 hours passed , and still i remained calm . 
 when i felt my energy had returned sufficiently , i stood directly in front of the door , the glow of the lasers nearly blinding me . 
 they produced no heat , but i knew they 'd burn the skin from my bones if i touched them . 
 i closed my eyes and allowed my powers to flood me . 
 stronger . 
 stronger still . 
 i became saturated with it , and my lids flew open . 
 i saw the blink of the lasers , realizing they vanished every other second . 
 one , two , i counted , then shot out my hands and worked the blade into the lock . 
 one , two . 
 i jerked back , barely missing the flash of lights . 
 one , two . 
 i repeated the action many times before disabling the metal barrier . 
 i felt a flash of victory . 
 waiting until the lasers had disappeared again , i shoved past the thick doors and leaped into the waiting hallway . 
 just as i steadied myself , the lasers returned . 
 i zoomed through the house in search of atlanna . 
 i found her moments later . 
 too self-assured to require a guard , she stretched atop the black velvet couch in the same mirrored room she 'd occupied before , her eyes closed . 
 for one prolonged moment , i remained at the threshold . 
 my god . 
 she needed time to recuperate . 
 after using her powers , she became weakened , just as i did . 
 my movements still quickened , i quietly shut and bolted the main door , as well as the mirrored door , then rushed at her . 
 i struck her with my fists , toppling her to the floor before she had even opened her eyes . 
 then i sprang on top of her and hit her again and again . 
 she kicked , hit , bit , and scratched , unable to concentrate long enough to gather her powers . 
 i drew back to punch her , and by luck or precision , she landed a kick to my stomach . 
 air burst from my lungs in a mighty heave as i was propelled backward . 
 my arm hit a marble vanity table , and i would have cried out if i 'd had the breath . 
 a vase crashed onto the floor , shattering into a thousand tiny pieces . 
 `` where is kyrin ? 
 where are the others ? '' 
 i gasped , laboring for every molecule of oxygen . 
 `` dead , '' she shouted , jumping up . 
 `` dead . '' 
 from a mirror panel , a man rushed into the chamber . 
 the moment i saw his features , i forgot about everything else in the room . 
 my mouth floundered open and closed , and i was unable to stop the motions . 
 dare . 
 my beloved brother was alive . 
 not kane , as i 'd assumed , but dare . 
 it was like looking into the past . 
 he was tall and strong and possessed the same dark curly locks and wide-spaced blue eyes as he had at eighteen . 
 the same high cheekbones and straight nose . 
 the same innocence . 
 my momentum slowed , as did my speed . 
 i shook my head , certain if i cleared my vision , i 'd realize this could n't possibly be my brother . 
 after all , i 'd seen his dead body all those years ago . 
 that was perhaps my first mistake . 
 i should n't have allowed my speed to slow , for already i was growing tired again . 
 i fought against it . 
 `` dare ? '' 
 i said . 
 my first instinct was to rush to him and wrap my arms around him as i 'd done as a child . 
 atlanna 's words stopped me . 
 my second mistake . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said . 
 `` my blood saved him , and in return i have his devotion . '' 
 devotion ? 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 no , she controlled him with her mind . 
 his features were blank . 
 unemotional . 
 the same look isabel had worn when she 'd shot dallas . 
 atlanna had controlled her as well , i realized . 
 the woman 's sins increased with every minute that passed . 
 dare did n't spare me a glance , but watched atlanna . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 even his voice was the same . 
 familiar , only slightly different from the loving laughter i remembered from fourteen years ago . 
 `` never . '' 
 atlanna wiped a small trickle of blood from her lip . 
 already the wound was closing . 
 dare finally glanced in my direction . 
 not a single spark of happiness touched his eyes . 
 i stood frozen , wondering what to do , what to say . 
 `` shall i whip her ? '' 
 he asked atlanna . 
 i spied the three-pronged , bloodied whip draped across the edge of the couch and , without thinking , dove for it . 
 i knew what i had to do . 
 `` no , '' dare shouted , realizing my intent . 
 before he could react , i was on my feet and advancing . 
 i knocked him aside , kicked out my foot , connecting with atlanna 's ankles . 
 all in one motion . 
 atlanna tripped and launched to the floor , her back to me . 
 as she screamed and tried to crawl away from me , i gathered every force within me and whipped her until the fabric of her gown was torn , until her blood flowed around her . 
 until dare grabbed my arm and forced the whip from my grip . 
 panting , i blinked down at the floor . 
 her body was slumped in unconsciousness . 
 disgust-for myself , for atlanna-filled me . 
 i 'd only just found my mother , only just found my brother , and i 'd lost them both . 
 i swallowed back a lump in my throat . 
 my hands shook , and i pressed my lips together . 
 dropping the whip , dare sank to his knees in front of her . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 he said , brokenly . 
 `` the whip was laced with erolan . 
 even atlanna can not withstand such a poison . '' 
 i did n't answer him . 
 the war was over . 
 except for the missing children , the case was closed . 
 i 'd done my duty , just as i always had . 
 why did n't i feel victorious ? 
 dare jumped to his feet . 
 he glared down at me , but he did n't say another word . 
 he simply scooped atlanna up in his arms and quietly strode from the chamber . 
 i let him go . 
 she was dead , no longer a threat , and i could n't bring myself to do more . 
 hopefully , in the coming days , dare 's mind would clear from her monstrous influence , and he would come back to me . 
 right now , i had to find my friends . 
 my strength slowly draining , i moved from the room . 
 only two guards were stupid enough to try and stop me . 
 because of my loss of energy , one managed to knife a wound from my sternum to my navel . 
 when they were unconscious from my chokehold , i battled past the pain and stanched the flow of blood with a scrap from one of the women 's gowns . 
 i stumbled through the rest of the house , finding jaxon and kittie inside a cell . 
 i disabled the lasers , and jaxon was able to pick the lock . 
 they rushed through the doorway , then ground to a halt when they saw my blood-soaked shirt . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 jaxon asked . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i managed . 
 `` someone else 's blood , '' i lied . 
 `` help me find lilla and kyrin . '' 
 ten minutes later , kittie called , `` in here . 
 they 're in here . '' 
 my footsteps were slow , but i made my way inside a bedroom . 
 lilla stood over a large , bare bed , staring down at an unmoving body . 
 she slowly turned and faced me . 
 tears ran down her cheeks . 
 `` he is dying , '' she whispered brokenly . 
 `` kyrin is dying . '' 
 chapter 25 jaxon and kittie dragged kyrin outside to the vehicle where ghost and terrence ford awaited us . 
 ghost had his thigh wrapped with cloth , and i knew he was going to be okay . 
 but kyrin ... i was fighting to stay calm . 
 i desired this man , this alien , maybe even loved him . 
 yet he 'd been wounded so badly , he might not survive . 
 `` i called for backup and medical , '' ghost admitted weakly . 
 `` be here any time now . 
 told jack the whole story . '' 
 his gaze zeroed in on my stomach . 
 `` mia ? 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said . 
 trees and sky swam before my eyes . 
 concerned faces faded in and out , and their voices seemed so far away . 
 for one brief moment , flashing lights and sirens penetrated my senses . 
 i collapsed . 
 i do n't remember the drive to the hospital . 
 i just know that when i opened my eyes , i 'd lost my clothes , and several doctors were standing over me , examining my abdomen . 
 `` you 're going to be okay , '' one of them said . 
 `` i hurt like hell , '' i said , my voice raspy . 
 he grinned , causing his mustache to twitch at the corners . 
 `` understandable . 
 but you 're healing faster than anything i 've ever seen . '' 
 within the hour , they had me stitched up . 
 i refused pain medication . 
 i needed my head clear . 
 `` take me to see kyrin , '' i said . 
 i had to see him , had to know how he was . 
 the doctors and nurses ignored me.i refused to be ignored . 
 i screamed profanities at the top of my lungs until one of the nurses ran to get me a relaxant . 
 before she returned , jaxon rushed into the room . 
 dallas followed , his progress slowed by a cane . 
 his light blue eyes still gave me pause . 
 if anyone else had noticed , they had n't said anything to me . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 jaxon demanded , weapon drawn . 
 `` hell , no , '' i said . 
 `` where 's kyrin ? '' 
 `` is that what all the commotion is about ? 
 he 's here , '' he answered , putting his gun away . 
 `` is he alive ? '' 
 i probed , my hands clenching , my stomach twisting . 
 `` yes , '' he evaded . 
 everything inside me relaxed , rejoiced . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 `` take me to him , '' i said . 
 `` please . '' 
 he gulped , looked away . 
 `` maybe - '' `` please , jaxon , dallas . 
 i 'm begging you here . '' 
 jaxon glanced at dallas . 
 dallas glanced at me , those lines of tension still firmly etched around his mouth . 
 `` you 'll be happy to know ghost is healing nicely , '' dallas said . 
 fine . 
 they did n't want to take me , i 'd take myself . 
 with my wound shrieking in protest , i ripped the iv off my arm , shoved myself from the bed , and plopped into a nearby wheelchair . 
 `` stubborn as always , '' dallas said . 
 `` help her out , jaxon , before she kills herself . '' 
 with a sigh , jaxon grabbed the handles of the wheelchair and ushered me to kyrin 's room . 
 dallas hobbled beside us . 
 jaxon said , `` damn , i 'm glad this is over . '' 
 `` me too , '' i whispered . 
 `` me too . '' 
 as dread and hope mingled inside me , we entered kyrin 's room . 
 i glanced around , noticing that kyrin was the only patient . 
 he lay stomach down on the bed , his chin tilted toward the door , toward me , his eyes closed . 
 lilla stood vigil beside him , just as she 'd done at atlanna 's . 
 a tear-my own freaking tear-slipped down my cheek . 
 i had n't cried in so long , the single drop stung my tear duct . 
 god , it felt so good to see him alive . 
 i 'd thought all my tears dry , but now , seeing him , i was unable to stop the torrent of emotion that flooded me . 
 relief . 
 so much relief . 
 happiness . 
 so much happiness . 
 `` there 's something you should know , mia , '' jaxon said . 
 `` do n't , '' dallas said , cutting him off . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 lilla said softly , `` she has a right to know . 
 he 's dying , mia . 
 kyrin is dying . '' 
 my joy instantly shriveled , but i gave no outward reaction to her words . 
 i did n't believe her . 
 i would n't believe her . 
 this man , my man , was not going to die . 
 i would n't let him . 
 slowly i rose from the wheelchair and hobbled to the bed . 
 `` leave us , '' i said to the men , not even glancing behind me . 
 dallas patted my shoulder , then limped from the room with jaxon at his side . 
 they shut the door behind them . 
 my tears trickled free at last . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 lilla asked . 
 `` i can not live in this world without him . '' 
 `` he 's not going to die , '' i said through clenched teeth , gazing down at him . 
 his skin was pallid . 
 his cheeks were hollow , and there were blue shadows under his eyes . 
 `` look at him , mia . 
 how can he survive ? '' 
 lilla caressed his brow with loving fingers . 
 `` when we were children , it was he who cared for me . 
 he who taught me how to use my powers . 
 his love has always given me strength . '' 
 `` i once had the same type of relationship with my brother , '' i said . 
 `` his name is dare , and he loved me when no one else would . 
 he played hide-and-seek , rescued me when my dad became abusive . 
 when dare died , i wanted to die with him . 
 and now i discover he 's alive , but it 's as if i 'm dead to him . '' 
 my tears splashed onto kyrin 's chin , then trickled onto his neck . 
 i buried my face in my hands and wept for all i had lost . 
 and all i might lose . 
 `` please do n't die , kyrin . 
 do n't die . '' 
 two days dragged by , feeling more like two years . 
 every moment i grew stronger , kyrin grew weaker . 
 i 'd been back to atlanna 's house , looking for any lead as to where the halfling children were , but the home had been ransacked , everything taken . 
 whether it had been done by atlanna 's underlings , by a.i.r. , or by some other government agents , i did n't yet know . 
 but i planned to find out as soon as the chaos in my life settled . 
 lilla and i continued to talk to each other . 
 ironically , i found comfort in sharing my feelings with her , feelings that i was only now beginning to understand . 
 she shared her own feelings with me . 
 we 'd formed a tentative sort of friendship . 
 i could n't come to terms with kyrin 's approaching death . 
 i needed to fight for him , but i did n't know how . 
 helplessness consumed me as i stared down at his thinning body and pallid skin . 
 `` i love him , '' i said to lilla . 
 each of us occupied a seat beside his hospital bed . 
 `` he has brightened my life . 
 i 'm different when he 's around . 
 with him i 'm a. . . 
 woman . 
 not a huntress . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i wish there were something we could do . 
 but the poison is slowly destroying him . '' 
 i asked her the same question i 'd asked her a thousand times before . 
 `` is there no antidote ? '' 
 `` no , '' she answered raggedly , the same answer she 'd given each time . 
 the next day , i had n't slept properly , and my brain felt like it had gone on sabbatical . 
 i plopped myself next to kyrin 's bed , meaning to steal a quick nap . 
 if only he had normal human blood , i thought wearily . 
 then i straightened . 
 shit . 
 shit ! 
 hope sparked inside me and erupted like wildfire . 
 that was it . 
 that was the answer . 
 as atlanna had said , the poison was binding and destroying the healing properties of his blood . 
 what if his blood was replaced with average human blood ? 
 risky , i thought . 
 extremely dangerous-but he would die if we did n't try something . 
 i pitched my idea to the specialist in charge of kyrin 's care , and at first he refused . 
 with a little persuasion-in the form of bodily threats-he decided to test my theory . 
 he used a blood sample from kyrin and a human , and studied both under a microscope . 
 `` my god , '' he said incredulously , `` this just might work . '' 
 that was all the encouragement i needed . 
 i could n't ask dallas ; he now had the same type of blood as kyrin . 
 so i called jaxon from my cell phone , because he was the first that leaped into my head , and explained what i needed . 
 `` darling , '' jaxon said , `` for you , i 'll do anything . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in fifteen minutes . '' 
 since jaxon and kyrin were of different species , blood compatibility tests were unnecessary . 
 we knew they would n't match . 
 the doctors drained all of kyrin 's blood that they dared , then hooked him and jaxon to a connecting tube . 
 i watched the crimson blood flow from jaxon to kyrin . 
 would it work ? 
 my eyes widened as kyrin 's color slowly returned . 
 then ... his heart monitor stopped . 
 a voice i did n't recognize sounded , `` code blue . 
 room four-one-nine . '' 
 `` he 's rejecting the blood , '' someone said . 
 more doctors and nurses rushed inside . 
 one man pounded on kyrin 's chest , while another wrapped his legs in a thermal blanket . 
 no , i screamed silently . 
 no ! 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i need to ask you to leave , '' a nurse said to me , trying to usher me to the waiting area . 
 `` you can ask , '' i growled . 
 `` but i 'm staying . '' 
 she left me alone after that , and i remained exactly where i was , watching kyrin through horror-filled eyes . 
 this was his last chance . 
 his only chance . 
 if he did n't make it - the monitor beeped . 
 then beeped again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 finally steadying out . 
 someone laughed . 
 `` he 's going to be okay . '' 
 i collapsed to my knees in a relieved heap . 
 i covered my mouth with shaky hands , halting my cry of happiness . 
 he was going to be okay . 
 i knew it . 
 felt it . 
 he was going to live . 
 when he regained consciousness the next day , relief and happiness consumed me . 
 kyrin 's eyes were feverish , but he managed to clasp my hand . 
 `` you did well , '' he said , as if we were still at atlanna 's and not a single day had passed since . 
 `` you defeated her . 
 something no one else has ever done . 
 i know she is your mother , but - '' my fingers pressed against his lips , stopping his words . 
 `` my only concern is for you . '' 
 i lifted my hand , and he offered me a soft smile . 
 `` i will live , mia . 
 i will live and spend the rest of my life loving you . '' 
 `` you 'd better , '' i said , wiping away my tears . 
 `` or i 'll kill you . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 our palms met , and we held each other , knowing we might never let go . 
 the day kyrin was released from the hospital , healthy and whole , was the same day he and lilla were exonerated of all charges . 
 smiling-i just could n't seem to stop doing that lately-i drove him to his house . 
 i thought to give him a little time alone , to heal , but he took my hand and led me inside . 
 `` there 's something i want to show you , '' he said . 
 `` please do n't tell me it 's a feather boa and a cowboy hat . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` nothing like that , i promise you . '' 
 he ushered me into his office and placed a kalandra in my hand . 
 his kalandra . 
 `` look , '' he said . 
 brow furrowed , i glanced down . 
 i gasped . 
 inside the locket was a lifelike picture of me , and i was embracing kyrin . 
 i blinked up at him . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` i told you each necklace holds a legacy for the owner . 
 you have always been my destiny , mia . 
 always . '' 
 with that , he enfolded me in his embrace . 
 `` i knew it the moment i saw you . 
 you are a dominating , powerful halfling with attitude , and our time together will certainly be interesting . '' 
 i pushed him onto the couch . 
 `` you better believe it will . '' 
 i had a feeling our adventure had only begun . 
