 chapter 1 as i lay in the rafters of the old west cattle co. , surrounded by dust , shadows , and the smell of stale hay , anticipation raced through me . 
 i cradled an a-7 pyre-rifle in my hands , the barrel aimed at a steep angle . 
 below me , several halogens hung strategically from the walls , giving me the visibility i needed , but at the same time shielding me from view . 
 no one wanted to stare up at those harsh lights . 
 to be honest , i did n't like staring down at them . 
 the warehouse boasted no furniture for my target to hide behind . 
 only people -lrb- human and alien -rrb- , dirty floors , and weapons . 
 right now , a crowd of other-worlders teased and taunted two naked , whimpering females banded to the far wall . 
 the bastards who were n't participating were watching , waiting their turn . 
 my anticipation for the kill increased , and i gripped my gun tighter . 
 the tormentors were having such a lovely time , butmy fun would come when i broke up the party with a few rounds of deadly fire . 
 see , i 'm paid by the government to destroy other-worlders so vile , so disgusting , they ca n't take a chance alien rights advocates will get involved in the case . 
 i 'm not a.i.r. , alien investigation and removal . 
 i 'm worse . 
 just a little longer , eden.information first . 
 kill second . 
 eenli -lrb- my target -rrb- and his compadres were abducting humans and shipping them off-planet to sell as slaves . 
 i needed to know where they were storing the human `` cargo '' before deportation . 
 more than that , i needed to know how they were hopping from one planet to another . 
 oh , i knew they were using interworld portals-the same portals they 'd used to invade our planet . 
 i just did n't know where or how to find these portals . 
 i should have known exactly where they were . 
 i 'm an alien . 
 a raka . 
 a golden one , some humans call us , because our hair , skin , and eyes resemble liquid gold . 
 but i was conceived here and raised by a human . 
 the portals are as much a mystery to me as they are to every other earth-born . 
 one of the women screamed , slicing into my thoughts . 
 a man was pinching and twisting her ni ** les , laughing while he did it , laughing while she writhed and sobbed in pain . 
 my finger twitched on the trigger.hold . 
 hold . 
 tonight i 'm going to prove i 'm as capable as any man-as any human . 
 over the years i 've been delegated the easy marks , the ones requiring no more skill than a blind man in a virtual game . 
 since my father is also my boss , he 's the reason for my lack of hard-core cases . 
 i know he hopes to protect me , but i 'm long past the need . 
 my success tonight is critical . 
 i took this case against his wishes , and i would not fail . 
 i had my target in sight : eenli kati , a.k.a. john wayne and wayne johnson . 
 he was a thirty-something mec , average height , with eerie , narrow white eyes . 
 we did n't know a lot about mecs , only that they had some control over the weather and preferred hot , dry climates . 
 like every mec , eenli possessed opalescent skin that glowed different colors with different emotions . 
 he was the leader of this elusive group , and right now his skin glowed bright red . 
 the bastard was pissed . 
 dressed like a desperado from the past-hat , boots , and spurs-he stood in a shadowed corner , arguing fiercely with another mec known as mris-ste . 
 the latter wore boots and spurs , but had opted not to wear a hat . 
 who did they think they were fooling ? 
 cowboys . 
 please . 
 they spoke in their native tongue-a halting , guttural rhetoric of clipped syllables and high-pitched timbres . 
 languages were one of my specialties , and i 'd mastered this one years ago . 
 as i listened , i managed to pick up words likebodies , profit , andunderground . 
 technically my assignment is to eliminate eenli . 
 however , i 'm going to do mris-ste for free . 
 a bonus , if you will . 
 at the thought , my lips curled into a half smile . 
 the two men had been working together for over a year . 
 no telling how many men and women they 'd raped . 
 no telling how many people they 'd enslaved . 
 i drew in a measured breath , then slowly and calmly released every molecule of air . 
 sharp , spiky splinters from the old wooden rafters dug past my shirt and into my belly , but that was n't the worst of my discomfort . 
 the air was stifling and hot , and it did n't help that i wore military fatigues and a face mask . 
 the heat wave blasting through new dallas had yet to dissipate-probably because of the mecs . 
 sweat pooled between my shoulder blades and ran down my back . 
 i yearned to spirit-walk just then , to force my consciousness out of my body so i could leave my body behind and walk unnoticed , invisible , below . 
 like a ghost . 
 a phantom . 
 i had killed many of my targets like that , but i only did so when my body was totally and completely protected . 
 otherwise , i was left physically vulnerable because i could n't do my job and guard my body at the same time . 
 just then eenli 's cell unit erupted in a series of beeps , and he barked an irritated `` what ? '' 
 into the receiver . 
 i could n't hear the voice on the other end , but whatever was said caused the other-worlder 's spine to stiffen and his fingers to clench into fists . 
 one heartbeat of time passed . 
 two . 
 as he continued to listen , he removed his hat and swirled the gray felt between his fingers . 
 give the man a pony and ask him to shout `` yee haw . '' 
 that 's all the scene lacked . 
 by the time he returned his hat to his shiny , bald head , his skin pulsed so brightly red , i wanted to shade my eyes . 
 finally , he replaced the unit in his back pocket . 
 then , growling low in his throat , he shoved mris-ste , propelling the hatless mec backward . 
 the latter man 's long , dark hair -lrb- obviously a wig -rrb- danced around his shoulders . 
 `` tell me you moved the tainted cattle from the pit , '' eenli shouted . 
 `` tell me you have not screwed this up yet again . '' 
 the pit . 
 the pit.i rolled the phrase through my mind . 
 an image quickly clicked into place , and i frowned . 
 the pit was a local bar known for its criminal patrons , druggies and whores who bought their way into oblivion . 
 could that be the place under discussion ? 
 `` well , i-they have been moved , '' the other man offered , righting himself . 
 `` i am not so stupid that i would leave the sick in cells with the healthy . '' 
 cells ... i 'd followed eenli inside the bar just two days ago , but he never left the main area . 
 never even went to the bathroom . 
 i had n't noticed any doorways leading to other rooms . 
 the cells could be hidden . 
 or underground . 
 very , very interesting . 
 `` do you want to know who just called me , mris-ste ? 
 pablo . 
 he found two of our cattle dead in their cells . 
 they 'd obviously been sick , and you left them there . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . '' 
 mris-ste 's opalescent skin began to pulse with blue . 
 even without the distinctive shading , the alien would have reeked of fear . 
 `` how many died in the move ? '' 
 eenli demanded . 
 `` three , '' came the shaky reply . 
 this enraged eenli further . 
 his scowl turned black . 
 `` we were to deliver twelve . 
 not seven . 
 you idiot ! '' 
 `` i am sorry . '' 
 `` your sorry does n't bring my cattle back to life . 
 if one more is lost , just one more , i will sell your worthless hide to make up the difference . '' 
 mris-ste shook off the threat with a nervous laugh . 
 `` we will not lose any more . 
 this i swear . 
 i gave the sick to rose . 
 she will care for them until they are well . '' 
 i knew rose . 
 sahara rose , human . 
 twenty-six years old . 
 blond hair . 
 blue eyes . 
 i 'd trailed her for a few days after taking this case . 
 she was a known alien sympathizer and had spent many nights in eenli 's bed . 
 i knew where she lived , what kind of car she drove , and what brand of vaginal lubricant she secretly used whenever her lover visited . 
 and , of course , i now knew she was hiding some of the missing humans . 
 `` there is no time to find more cattle , '' eenli said . 
 `` the portal opens in one day . '' 
 the portals were n't always open ? 
 i 'd always assumed aliens traveled through whenever they wanted.tell me where they are ... tell me where they are ... he did n't . 
 eenli soon changed the subject , and the two men actually began discussing how to dress the female slaves . 
 information i did n't need . 
 it was time . 
 i preferred close kills to shots fired over a long distance . 
 nothing wrong with enjoying the fruits of my labor up close and personal . 
 sauntering into the middle of all those men , however , significantly decreased my odds of success . 
 i 'd stay here . 
 my anticipation renewed as i closed one eye , my face mask and powered autoscope narrowing my field of vision . 
 still locked on target ? 
 check . 
 disposable silencer in place ? 
 check . 
 i knew i had one chance to nail him . 
 just one . 
 because the moment i fired , everyone below me would whip into action , aiming and firing their own weapons straight atme . 
 eenli began to pace in front of mris-ste as he expounded on the merits of stiletto heels andkristales , jewel stones brought over from mecca . 
 i kept my barrel still . 
 my pyre-rifle produced heat-sensitive fire bullets , and those would follow him straight into hell . 
 one . 
 he moved away from mris-ste . 
 two . 
 he turned , facing mris-ste . 
 three . 
 he stepped into my line of fire , and i squeezed the trigger . 
 a whiz.a scream . 
 the big , bad mec went down like a de-pressurized hovercraft , his hat rolling off his head like tumbleweed . 
 only it was the wrong mec . 
 this one had thick brown hair . 
 i stilled . 
 no.no ! 
 my fire bullet had slammed into mris-ste . 
 not eenli . 
 when had eenli given him the hat ? 
 when the hell had eenli given him the hat ? 
 i 'd watched them . 
 once i 'd locked on target , i had n't lost my focus . 
 shock bubbled inside me as the men below cursed and shouted , scrambling for their guns . 
 bullets and blue fire launched in my direction , raining like deadly hail . 
 remaining calm , focused , i dropped my rifle and grabbed the thick wire beside me , already anchored to a sturdy beam . 
 then i jumped . 
 i kept one hand clasped to the metal handle that allowed my downward slide , and used the other to whip out the pyre-gun strapped to my waist , dialed to kill . 
 i started firing . 
 as i descended , a bullet cut into my left forearm . 
 i did n't stop , did n't even slow down . 
 the determination rushing through my veins muted the fiery sensation of being shot to a sharp sting . 
 oh , i knew i would feel it later-in full force . 
 i wished i had time to doctor up . 
 the longer the slug remained inside my body , the more damage it would do to me . 
 earth metals act as a deadly poison to me . 
 to all of my kind . 
 but the mission came first . 
 i had to finish this . 
 fast . 
 maintaining my inner balance , i continued shooting , not taking time to aim , but simply allowing a continuous stream of fire to discharge ; the blue beams of molten heat spewing from my gun lit up the warehouse like a nuclear war . 
 the moment my feet hit the ground , i released the wire and reached for my other gun . 
 with both of my hands armed , i scanned from left to right , taking in every detail . 
 eenli was gone . 
 gone ! 
 he must have hit the door running the second mris-ste fell . 
 i could n't chase him down , not pinned in by gunfire like i was . 
 that meant ... i 'd failed . 
 my shock grew , almost freezing me in place , but i kept firing . 
 kept moving . 
 bile rose in my throat . 
 i 'd truly failed . 
 i 'd missed my target and allowed him to stroll from the building as happy as he pleased . 
 i failedechoed continuously through my mind . 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 all i could do now was get the two women and myself out of here alive . 
 no , i thought in the next instant . 
 i was taking down any man who 'd been stupid enough to stay . 
 my gaze scanned the area again . 
 five aliens remained inside the warehouse , their bullets and fire spraying all around me . 
 calculating the distance between them and the chained women , i started running forward . 
 right at them . 
 i cringed when another bullet struck me . 
 twenty feet . 
 not much , but enough to risk what i was about to do . 
 i dropped one of my weapons and reached for a mini grenade in my side pouch . 
 in one fluid motion , i pulled the firing pin with my teeth , tossed it , and dove to the ground . 
 boom ! 
 the impact threw me backward , slamming me into a wall . 
 air shoved from my lungs . 
 when i was able to breathe , dirt and ash bypassed my mask and filled my nostrils . 
 instinctively , i covered my face with my hands as fiery wood chips rained . 
 then , several minutes passed in silence . 
 no return fire . 
 no screams or moans . 
 when i looked up , all five mecs were strewn across the ground , lifeless . 
 the human women were bloody and bruised , but alive . 
 they were-no , i realized then . 
 only one of them was alive . 
 the blonde . 
 the other , the one with curling red hair , had been caught in the crossfire and stared out at the charred warehouse through lifeless eyes . 
 my eyelids squeezed shut , and i let my head sink into my hands again . 
 the atmosphere was thick , hot , and laden with smoke . 
 i needed to drag in a deep breath , to fill my lungs with oxygen , but did n't dare . 
 there was no help for it , no other choice ; i had to call my father . 
 with shaky hands , i tugged out my cell unit and said , `` boss , '' taking comfort in the sound of the automatic dial . 
 i trusted this man with my life . 
 he was the one who had found me as a small child , alone and lost on the streets after my parents died . 
 i do n't know why he 'd taken me in , and i could n't ask him . 
 he stiffened every time i brought up that horrible night . 
 but he 'd raised me , loved me , and trained me to be an assassin just like himself . 
 and i had just let him down . 
 he answered after two rings . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 were the first words he spoke , his raspy voice upbeat . 
 he clearly expected me to give him the usual `` all went well '' report . 
 over and over he 'd advised me not to take this case . 
 when he 'd realized he could n't talk me out of it , he 'd followed me here `` just in case i needed him . '' 
 most important information first . 
 `` the target is on the run . 
 i 've got one human casualty , another wounded . '' 
 my self-disgust rang loud and clear in my tone . 
 `` how in the hell , '' michael , my father , said haltingly , `` did that happen ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i had him locked . 
 i fired , and the next thing i knew , he 'd switched places with his partner . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i repeated . 
 `` goddamn it , eden f. '' he only called me that when he was mad , or seriously worried . 
 `` i told you not to take this case . 
 i told you to leave it alone . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said on a ragged breath . 
 and i was . 
 because of my failure , a human slaver was even now roaming free . 
 worse , he knew he was being hunted . 
 he 'd be more careful now . 
 i 'd just screwed the entire operation . 
 `` i think some of the slaves are in cells inside the pit . 
 it 's a bar on the east side of town . '' 
 i opened my mouth to tell him the rest , but my mind went blank . 
 a thick fog covered my thoughts . 
 i blinked , shook my head and beckoned them back . 
 `` some are with a human , sahara rose . '' 
 `` i 'll put a man on it . 
 you bring the survivor to me . 
 goddamn it , '' he snarled again and disconnected . 
 silence greeted me . 
 and in the silence , i noticed that the throbbing in my arm had increased . 
 i looked down . 
 though my vision was clouding , i studied the gaping , oozing wound . 
 the bullet had done more damage than i 'd thought . 
 i was losing blood fast . 
 too fast . 
 fighting past the pain and weakness , i pushed to my feet . 
 my knees wobbled , and my bones liquified , and neither showed any sign of improving . 
 even my stomach battled a sharp pain . 
 i stumbled over to the woman . 
 she flinched as i reached out and cut her free . 
 then she sank to the splinter-sharp ground and sobbed , her dirty hair covering her naked shoulders . 
 i tried not to think about the other one , the one who would n't go home this night or any other . 
 the crossbow strapped to my back suddenly weighed me down like a concrete block , and the ache in my stomach intensified . 
 it was becoming harder and harder to breathe . 
 a wave of dizziness assaulted me , heavy and strangely seductive ... lulling me to the ground beside the woman . 
 when our arms touched , she uttered a terrified gasp and hastily scooted away . 
 her movements were so jerky , she flung dirt onto my legs . 
 i wanted to comfort her , but my mouth refused to form the right words . 
 what the hell was wrong with my stomach ? 
 slowly , so slowly , i lifted my shirt . 
 there , just below my ribs , was another bloody , gaping wound . 
 when had i received that ? 
 i had n't even felt the bullet go in . 
 wait . 
 yes , i had . 
 when i 'd run with the mini-grenade . 
 damn . 
 i set aside my cell unit and reached inside my pouch , withdrawing a thin silver extractor . 
 bracing myself for what i was about to do , i bit my bottom lip , centered all of my strength , and jabbed the damn thing into my stomach wound . 
 instantly the metal-sensitive prongs elongated and probed for the bullet . 
 a scream ripped from me . 
 how much time passed before the small , round tip was removed , i did n't know . 
 i only knew desperation , pain . 
 and fear . 
 i was n't ready to die . 
 not here . 
 not now . 
 i laughed humorlessly . 
 not as a failure . 
 concentrate . 
 i had to concentrate . 
 though i craved a moment 's rest , a single moment to close my eyes , i repeated the entire process , shoving the now bloody device into my forearm . 
 when i pulled out the last bullet , my shoulders and back sagged in relief . 
 distantly , i heard the woman crying . 
 quickly losing energy , i found the syringe in my pouch and injected myself in the heart with pure molybdenum to slow the spread of copper or brass or whatever the bullets were made of . 
 searing pain erupted . 
 i screamed again , long and loud , until my vocal cords cracked . 
 the now-empty syringe fell from my suddenly limp fingers . 
 i hurt everywhere , but a comforting lethargy was already working through me . 
 a minute , maybe less , and i 'd be out . 
 i reached blindly for my cell unit , my fingers somehow closing around it . 
 `` boss , '' i said . 
 the word emerged so weak and broken , i experienced a moment 's surprise when the phone began to automatically dial . 
 he answered on the fifth ring this time . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm hit . '' 
 `` it just gets better every time you call , '' he said , his sarcasm heavy . 
 i caught the thick undercurrent of concern , however . 
 `` can you make it to the safe house ? '' 
 `` i 'll ... '' a murky web of darkness wove through my mind , blackening my eyesight , paralyzing my muscles . 
 `` try . '' 
 oblivion seized me in its demanding grip . 
 chapter 2 iwas floating . 
 no , not floating , i realized a second later . 
 strong male arms cradled me tightly , securely . 
 the scent of pine and man wafted to my nostrils , and male strength radiated all around me . 
 someone was carrying me . 
 who ? 
 why ? 
 a thick , smoky cloud blanketed and scattered my thoughts , keeping the answers just beyond my grasp . 
 `` is she going to make it ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 i recognized the broken , concerned voice . 
 michael , my boss . 
 my father . 
 `` do n't know , '' a second man said . 
 i did n't recognize his voice at all . 
 the timbre was deeper , more raw than any i 'd ever heard before . 
 so distant , so uncaring . 
 `` she 's lost a lot of blood . '' 
 both voices seemed to drift from a dream , surreal and remote . 
 which man held me ? 
 my father or the stranger ? 
 whoever it was , he emitted a kind of heat far different from any i 'd ever encountered before . 
 his warmth seeped into me , as soothing and gentle as a lullaby . 
 `` we need to cut these clothes off her , '' the stranger said . 
 `` get her out of the mask so she can breathe . '' 
 `` wait till we get her in the car . '' 
 michael 's tone broke further , was more hurried . 
 he always freaked when i was injured . 
 even the smallest scratch undid him . 
 minutes passed . 
 maybe hours . 
 i did n't know , did n't care . 
 time had long since become immeasurable . 
 all i had was the solid embrace of my rescuer , but even that was soon denied me as my body was eased to the cool ground . 
 hands tugged and ripped my clothing , causing my wounds to throb . 
 i gasped as air kissed my bare skin . 
 in the next instant , the mask was jerked from my face . 
 someone sucked in a breath , and it was n't me . 
 then ... silence . 
 `` shit , '' the stranger exhaled , his tone laced with ... awe ? 
 fingers coasted gently over my cheekbone , then through my hair , comforting and soft . 
 sleep ... i 'd sleep a little longer . 
 i 'd missed eenli . 
 i 'd failed . 
 over and over , those words echoed in my mind . 
 i 'd missed eenli . 
 i 'd failed . 
 his smug face drifted into my thoughts , shimmering just beyond my consciousness . 
 i reached for a pyre-gun , but managed to grab cool , soft sheets instead . 
 the events in the warehouse flashed , playing out like an old video . 
 the gunshots . 
 the blood . 
 the blinding pain . 
 is that why i felt so empty and hollow , like a nocturnal phantom whisking from cloud to cloud ? 
 eenli 's image wavered , then disappeared . 
 i raced after him , but my limbs were suspended in motion , and i remained in place . 
 he laughed . 
 the sound taunted me . 
 you 're a failure , eden . 
 a failure.i 'd had one job . 
 just one . 
 and he had walked away from me without a single scratch . 
 when aliens first arrived so many years ago , humans had tried to destroy them all . 
 they almost destroyed themselves instead , or so i 've been told . 
 to survive , a sort of peace was reached between the different races on the condition that agents be allowed to kill predatory other-worlders . 
 my target had been predatory , no doubt about it . 
 i should have destroyed him , but i 'd let him get away . 
 failure , failure.failure . 
 the word rang in my head and jarred me awake . 
 my eyelids popped open . 
 a gasp lodged in my throat . 
 deep breath in . 
 deep breath out . 
 i lay still for several moments , trying to calm my racing heartbeat . 
 shadows enveloped me . 
 no , wait . 
 small streams of moonlight danced from the window , revealing a lacy canopy and high , vaulted ceiling . 
 where was i ? 
 i struggled to turn my head , to scan the rest of my surroundings , but my muscles refused to obey , keeping me in the same chin-up position . 
 using all of my energy , i tried again . 
 still nothing . 
 what was going on ? 
 why could n't i move ? 
 sparks of panic lit inside me but were quickly extinguished by confusion . 
 i heard the beep-beep of ... something . 
 smelled the sharp tang of antiseptic . 
 on a wave of relief , my shoulders sagged into the softness of the mattress beneath me . 
 a hospital . 
 i must be in a hospital . 
 relaxed now , i licked my lips , realizing my mouth felt dry and cottony . 
 thirsty . 
 i was so thirsty . 
 my tongue flicked out , moistening my parched lips . 
 `` thirsty , '' i croaked out . 
 no one was there . 
 no one could hear me . 
 `` thirsty , '' i gasped again . 
 perhaps a heartbeat later , a man stood beside my bed . 
 i could n't make out his features , only that he was tall and muscular . 
 a drugging warmth radiated from him and slid along my body . 
 i wanted to turn toward him , sink into him . 
 inside him . 
 i shivered . 
 `` where 's michael ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sleeping.finally . 
 here , '' he said , his deep , raw voice familiar to me . 
 he held a cup and straw to me . 
 i drank deeply , the cool , sweet liquid flowing down my throat . 
 never had anything tasted so wondrous . 
 `` that 's enough , '' he said and tugged the straw from my mouth . 
 `` sleep now . '' 
 a direct order . 
 his tone left no room for argument . 
 usually i did n't respond well to that type of `` do what i say or suffer the consequences '' command . 
 this time , however , i was too tired to argue . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 the last thought to drift through my mind was , i 'll instruct that man on how best to speak to me tomorrow . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 the strong , determined voice prodded at me relentlessly . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 a callused hand shook me , working in sync with the voice . 
 evil . 
 they were both evil and deserved to die a horrible death . 
 `` wake up , sweetie . '' 
 i attempted to roll over and bury my head in my pillow , but my sore , tired limbs resisted . 
 that caught my attention in a way nothing else could have . 
 i jerked at my arm . 
 nothing . 
 i kicked out my leg . 
 nothing . 
 panic rushed through me , and i struggled to open my eyes . 
 `` that 's my girl , '' the man said , relief heavy in his tone . 
 stark white light pounded into the room , its unwelcome fists leaving nothing untouched . 
 too bright , i thought , squinting , still struggling . 
 but slowly , very slowly , my eyes adjusted . 
 my gaze locked on the glowing restraints that bound me , on the plain white t-shirt i wore and the white silk sheet that covered my lower half . 
 then i narrowed my gaze on my uninvited guest . 
 michael black . 
 my boss . 
 my adopted father . 
 the panic dissipated completely , leaving me weak , and i settled back into the auto-adjust mattress , my spine stiff with anger . 
 every line of michael 's weathered face was etched with concern , from his piercing hazel eyes to his broad , unsmiling mouth . 
 his graying hair , usually styled perfectly , fell in disarray around his temples , and his expensive suit possessed more wrinkles than a genesi . 
 `` why am i banded ? '' 
 i asked , my vocal cords hoarse . 
 bands were stronger than handcuffs and could not be removed without severing an appendage . 
 they bonded to alien skin , locking the prisoner in place . 
 `` you were thrashing uncontrollably , which kept opening your wounds . '' 
 `` unband me . 
 now . '' 
 i gave the order , making sure there were no emotions in my tone . 
 i would not show weakness . 
 not to this man who seemed to have no weaknesses himself . 
 but michael knew me better than anyone , and he knew i did n't like the feeling of helplessness . 
 i never had . 
 besides , i doubted i had the strength to move upon threat of death , so the bonds were unnecessary . 
 he did as i requested , pressing an id button and causing the lasers to unwind from my skin . 
 he settled back into the plush azure chair beside the bed . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` good , '' i said , surprised that i meant it . 
 except for a sense of weakness , fragility , and the dull ache in my side , i remained mostly unscathed . 
 `` thirsty , though . 
 will you get me some sugar water ? '' 
 a cup was perched on the nightstand , and he handed it to me . 
 i downed the cool , sweet contents and closed my eyes in surrender . 
 sugar acts as a revitalizing agent for my kind . 
 though there are n't many rakas left , the ones that are here are probably responsible for consuming three-fourths of the earth 's annual sugar crop . 
 `` that copper really worked you over , '' he said . 
 `` it always does . '' 
 i scanned the room . 
 thick crimson and navy carpet adorned the floor , and several imperial gold floor lamps climbed toward the arched ceiling . 
 there were three open windows , the holographic shade turned off . 
 the walls boasted bronze stucco and ornately carved , gilded mirrors . 
 obviously , this was not a hospital . 
 even my coverlet shouted wealth . 
 soft emerald velvet and white silk sheets surrounded my skin in a delicious cocoon . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` my house . '' 
 that told me nothing . 
 the man owned thirteen estates all over the world . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` new mexico . 
 closest one to new dallas . '' 
 `` you redecorated since i was last here . '' 
 he nodded . 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` would you care to tell me why i 'm here instead of a hospital ? '' 
 there were special hospitals specifically designed for agents like me : paid killers , as well as alien . 
 i 'd been a patient numerous times . 
 `` one , you were delirious and i did n't want anyone to hear the things that you were saying . 
 you were moaning and groaning about your failure with eenli . 
 i want everyone to think you let him go on purpose . 
 two , i did n't want your name on record as having received gunshot wounds . 
 and three , i did n't want anyone else brought in on this case . '' 
 though i was glad , i sighed deeply . 
 i would have liked him to be able to sit back and simply bask in my success , no interference required . 
 `` playing my protector again , michael ? '' 
 he shrugged , but glanced away . 
 `` actually , my boss thinks this situation works out for the best . 
 eenli used to work as an agent , and he - '' `` what ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 surely i had misheard . 
 `` eenli used to work as an agent . 
 for me , specifically . '' 
 i tried not to gape . 
 `` why am i just now hearing about this ? '' 
 he shrugged again , the action stiffer , more clipped . 
 `` he was supposed to be an in-and-out job . 
 i tell you what you need to know , and that was something you did n't need to know . '' 
 `` a target 's trainingis a need to know . 
 he probably knew he was being watched the entire time . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' he said . 
 `` he was an okay agent . 
 good at finding people , which is why we kept him on , but not much else . 
 he was too emotional , had too many vices . 
 i guess that 's why he decided to make more money selling slaves . 
 end of story . '' 
 i closed my eyes for a brief moment . 
 `` so why is your boss glad he escaped ? '' 
 `` the government now wants to know where those portals are , and they think eenli will lead the way . '' 
 michael leaned back in his chair , watching me . 
 `` they 've decided they do n't want him dead until they know . '' 
 `` i followed him for weeks . 
 he never revealed a single portal 's location . '' 
 `` orders are orders . 
 he lives until he divulges how he 's planet-traveling . '' 
 what if eenli never gave the information they wanted ? 
 did that mean the murdering criminal would get to live a long , happy life ? 
 i did n't voice my questions , though . 
 michael knew how i felt about law breakers . 
 my gaze traveled the length of my t-shirt-and-sheet-clad body . 
 i looked thinner . 
 `` how long have i been here ? '' 
 `` thirteen days , six hours , forty-eight minutes . '' 
 he propped his expensive italian loafers on the cherry wood nightstand . 
 `` i had everything you needed brought here . '' 
 `` even a doctor ? '' 
 that would have totally defeated the purpose of keeping me here , out of the government 's watchful eye . 
 `` no , '' he said hesitantly . 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` who patched me up ? '' 
 `` lucius adaire . '' 
 `` that tells me nothing . 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` a man.a human . '' 
 my curiosity grew about this lucius adaire , and i studied michael . 
 just the mention of this mystery man had caused the easy line of his posture to stiffen and a glimpse of uneasiness to enter his eyes . 
 michael had seen the worst life had to offer-he 'd even caused some of it-so he rarely became uneasy . 
 why now ? 
 `` tell me about him , '' i prompted . 
 `` in a minute , '' he said . 
 he picked a piece of invisible lint off of his pants . 
 `` you remember anything else about that night in the warehouse ? '' 
 the job came first , always . 
 i did n't try to keep the conversation on my mysterious doctor . 
 i centered my thoughts and replayed every minute i 'd spent in that warehouse through my head . 
 then i leveled my gaze at michael . 
 `` eenli said a portal was going to open in a day . 
 that day has already passed , of course , but that means the portals are n't always open , that he can only send his cattle , as he calls them , through on certain days . '' 
 `` what opens them ? '' 
 `` he never said . '' 
 michael scowled . 
 `` damn , we ca n't seem to catch a break . 
 after i picked you up , i sent a group of men to the pit . 
 it was empty , top and bottom . 
 there were cells underneath , but no one was in them . '' 
 my stomach knotted , and i scrubbed a hand down my face . 
 `` was there evidence of recent use ? '' 
 `` makeshift toilets that had n't been emptied . 
 manacles with dried blood-which we analyzed and cross-referenced with the victims ' blood types . 
 every drop had an exact match . '' 
 `` what about sahara rose ? '' 
 `` gone , her house abandoned . 
 she packed in a hurry , that much was obvious . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' i muttered , almost afraid to ask my next question . 
 but i had to . 
 i needed all the facts . 
 `` what about the human woman at the warehouse ? 
 the survivor ? '' 
 leaning back , he rested his hands behind his head and gazed up at the ceiling . 
 his lips pressed tightly together as a long , protracted silence enveloped us . 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' he said softly . 
 i pushed out a breath and shook my head in disgust-disgust with myself . 
 with eenli . 
 `` she 's dead , is n't she ? '' 
 michael nodded , his expression apologetic . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sweetie . 
 her wounds were too extensive . 
 she died before we got there . '' 
 i bit the inside of my cheek and fought back a razor-sharp crest of regret . 
 `` what was her name ? '' 
 `` do n't torture yourself this way . 
 you did what you could . '' 
 `` what was her name ? '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` amy , '' he supplied , reluctance heavy in his tone . 
 `` amy evens . '' 
 amy evens . 
 she 'd been young , probably no more than twenty-five , with pretty blond hair and wide blue eyes . 
 like every young woman , she 'd probably dreamed of love and a happily ever after , yet she 'd been raped , abused , and had died alone . 
 my disgust and hate for eenli grew in intensity , but most of all , my disgust for myself grew . 
 i was to protect the innocent ; that was part of my job . 
 i closed my eyes , hoping to block the images hovering there , images of both women alive and chained to the wall , neither knowing death had knocked on her door . 
 i 'd failed in every way there was to fail . 
 i had failed to kill my target ; i had n't even managed to save one human life . 
 these wounds of mine ... i deserved every one of them and more . 
 a resolution to make it right solidified within me . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i asked , once again facing michael . 
 `` my guess is eenli 's still in new dallas , putting together another crew . 
 i want you to go there , find him , find those damn portals , and finish your job . '' 
 a moment passed before his words sunk deep enough inside me that i was able to respond . 
 shocked , i said , `` you 're letting me have another shot ? '' 
 `` you know his mo better than anyone . 
 you know his habits ; you 've studied him . 
 plus , i know you . 
 you 'll want a chance to fix this , and i love you enough that i want to give it to you . '' 
 `` i - '' i pressed my lips together . 
 the fact that michael trusted me enough to right my wrongs propelled a thrill of pride and happiness through me , and i had trouble finding the words to express my gratitude . 
 i guess i 'd assumed his protective instincts would surface , and he would command me to stay behind . 
 i truly loved this man . 
 `` do you think any of your agents are secretly working with eenli ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` that would explain how eenli knew to trade places with mris-ste . '' 
 `` i already have a man on it , so do n't worry about it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` thank you for giving me another chance , '' i said , allowing all of my appreciation to seep through my voice . 
 `` i know i do n't deserve it . 
 i 'm not going to let you down . '' 
 `` do n't thank me yet , '' he said wryly . 
 `` you 'll be working with a partner . '' 
 what ? 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 shock quickly replaced all of my happiness , and i jolted upright , winced , and glared over at him . 
 `` i work alone . 
 always . '' 
 `` not this time , '' he said , resolute . 
 final . 
 `` i 'm perfectly capable of finding the portals and killing eenli on my own . '' 
 ineeded to do it on my own . 
 i could n't allow someone else to fix what i had created . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest and stared over at me . 
 `` then why is n't he dead ? '' 
 that was entirely beside the point-even though he was right . 
 `` i will not work with one of your agents . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said calmly , assuredly , `` you will . 
 lucius , '' he called without removing his gaze from me . 
 `` come meet your new partner . '' 
 as if the man had been standing behind the entrance , guarding it , the thick metal doors instantly slid open . 
 he strode stealthily inside , not emitting a single noise : not the swish of clothing , the plod of footsteps , or the rhythm of breath . 
 he was as human as michael , but where my boss was lean , this man was solid muscle . 
 where michael was average height , this man was tall . 
 where michael was aging , this man was all vitality . 
 he stopped at the foot of my bed . 
 the scent of pine soap and sheer maleness wafted from him . 
 he was n't near enough to touch , but i could feel the warmth of his skin , beckoning me , lulling me . 
 that warmth , that scent ... i recognized them . 
 a moment passed , and i sucked in a breath . 
 hewas the one who had carried me.he was the one who had given me sugar water last night.he was the one who had stripped away my clothing . 
 my stomach knotted at the thought of his hands on me , undressing me , seeing my naked flesh . 
 a shiver of awareness fired down my spine . 
 his lips were soft and lush , as pink as flower petals . 
 the rest of his features , however , were granite hard , boasting deliciously rough planes and harsh angles . 
 cheekbones carved from stone . 
 a nose sculpted from steel . 
 black eyebrows slashed over his eyes , eyes so blue they could only have been created from ice chips , regarding the world with an i 've - seen-it-all acerbity . 
 right now those eyes bore down at me , into me . 
 he wore a tight black t-shirt , the same inky color as his chopped hair and form-fitting jeans . 
 simply standing there , he exuded a masculine intensity that shouted , i 'll f ** k you or kill you-take your pick . 
 i suddenly felt vulnerable . 
 exposed . 
 it did n't matter that i was covered by clothes and a sheet . 
 i was lying in a bed ; i was injured . 
 and he knew what i looked like naked . 
 more than that , i was not operating at full strength and probably resembled a sick tabby kitten , mussed and disheveled . 
 i forced a cool facade , hoping i exuded regal composure . 
 i did n't know this man , and i did n't want him seeing me as anything less than controlled . 
 `` have you ever killed anyone , sparkie ? '' 
 i asked , hoping to put him on the defensive . 
 he 'd take over if i let him . 
 not a glimmer of emotion lit his features . 
 he remained in place , silent , unconcerned . 
 distant . 
 with a conscious effort , i tore my gaze from him and attempted to ignore his very existence . 
 `` i do n't need or want a partner , '' i told michael . 
 `` tough , '' he said , his expression hard . 
 `` i work alone , '' i said again , my tone colder than ever before . 
 i was surprised ice chips did n't form from my breath . 
 `` not anymore , '' he replied again . 
 `` i will not - '' `` your protests will change nothing , sweetie . 
 i want you to work with lucius , and so you will . 
 that 's an order . '' 
 `` he 'll get in my way . '' 
 `` he knows what he 's doing . '' 
 `` i doubt that . 
 men like him are all brawn and no brain . 
 how can i do my job if i have to watch his back too ? '' 
 the man finally deigned to speak . 
 `` listen , cookie , '' he said , his voice rough , low , as if his vocal cords had once been damaged . 
 `` the day i need you to save my ass is the day i 'll find myself a new job . 
 maybe cloning flowers . 
 maybe walking robotic dogs . 
 i 'll decide when the time comes . 
 until then , you take care of yourself , and i 'll take care of me . '' 
 with that , he exited the room as quickly and silently as he 'd entered . 
 the moment the door clicked shut , i pinned michael with a fierce stare . 
 `` did he just call me ` cookie ' ? '' 
 michael 's lips twitched , and amusement turned his hazel eyes to a bright , vivid green . 
 `` you deserved it after that ` all brawn and no brain ' crack . '' 
 `` how can you expect me to work with that man ? '' 
 the twitching became a full-blown smile . 
 `` consider it penance for your sins . '' 
 i did n't let his amusement soften me , though i did love to see him happy . 
 `` i 'll tell you one more time , michael . 
 i do n't need a partner . 
 `` let me do this , i silently beseeched . 
 something deep and dark flashed across his features . 
 `` you 'll work with him , or you 'll work for another agency . 
 understand ? '' 
 he meant it . 
 michael never threatened . 
 only promised . 
 and with it put like that , i could n't refuse . 
 i nodded stiffly . 
 my hands fisted at my sides , but resolve slowly moved through me . 
 `` can he do anything besides look pretty ? '' 
 and tough . 
 `` i guess you 'll just have to wait and find out . '' 
 `` that 's comforting , michael . 
 very comforting . '' 
 i knew michael , knew when he was turning stubborn . 
 anything i learned about lucius , i 'd have to learn on my own . 
 he sighed . 
 `` if you 're on edge with him , you 're less likely to make mistakes with him . '' 
 how wonderful to hand out little gems of wisdom at a time like this . 
 thanks . 
 for nothing . 
 `` any other bits of ingenious ramblings you want to toss my way before i kick you out and get some rest ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 he always liked when i reverted to my old spoiled-princess ways . 
 `` i want you operating at full capacity in three days . 
 otherwise , i 'll let lucius have the mission all to himself . '' 
 he left me alone then . 
 with his parting words , he had sealed my fate . 
 i 'd be back in fighting shape withintwo days and not a moment more . 
 whether it was feminine pride or simple arrogance , i would not let lucius have this mission for himself . 
 i still had something to prove . 
 more now than ever . 
 i would not be a failure . 
 not again . '' 
 ` cookie , ' my ass , '' i muttered . 
 chapter 3 later that night i forced myself out of bed . 
 my muscles screamed in protest , but i managed to stay upright . 
 the white t-shirt i wore hit my knees , leaving the rest of my golden legs bare . 
 darkness and moonlight mingled together , offering a hazy cocoon . 
 only silence touched the air . 
 the rest of the house slept peacefully . 
 my movements slow and halting , i maneuvered down the mahogany staircase and into michael 's office . 
 i loved this room , with its intricately carved desk , the high shelves filled with real books-not the holobooks sold in stores-and the fresh scent of leather . 
 i traced my fingertip over the world globe , over the maps of the universe lining the walls . 
 over the chessboard . 
 michael and i had spent many nights in this room , talking and laughing . 
 strategizing . 
 no time for reminiscing , girl . 
 get to work.i plopped into the plush chair behind the desk . 
 after bypassing his id scans and voice-activated computer-just like he 'd taught me-i searched for a file on lucius adaire . 
 all information had been permanently deleted . 
 i was n't surprised . 
 michael did n't want me to know about lucius , so of course he 'd removed every piece of information . 
 smart man , my father . 
 frustrated and overtaxed , i slipped back inside my room . 
 i needed a few hours sleep before morning arrived . 
 just before i reached the four-poster bed , however , i stilled . 
 i was not alone . 
 i sensed heat , smelled pine . 
 my eyes narrowed on my uninvited guest . 
 looking casual and unconcerned , lucius lounged in the padded chair beside the bed . 
 i scowled over at him . 
 `` find anything ? '' 
 he asked smugly , as if he knew what i 'd been doing . 
 i did n't bother answering him . 
 i climbed onto the bed , the mattress adjusting to my weight , and closed my eyes , though i remained alert . 
 the covers were warm and soft , a soothing caress against my skin . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` sleeping . 
 you 're welcome to stay and watch like the pervert i 'm sure you are . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 get up . '' 
 leaning toward me , he reached out and shook my shoulders none too gently . 
 `` get dressed . 
 we train . '' 
 a man of few words . 
 how quaint . 
 `` you want to pretend to be my physical therapist and give me a massage , i 'll let you touch my shoulders . 
 other than that , keep your hands to yourself . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` not a morning person ? '' 
 `` i 'll let you know in the morning . 
 for now , i 'm resting . 
 get out . '' 
 `` are you always this bitchy ? '' 
 i did n't take time to find my calm center . 
 i simply came up swinging , jerking myself into a sitting position and letting my fist fly . 
 i nailed him in the jaw . 
 his chin did n't even turn , but i winced on impact . 
 his bones were more solid than steel , and i was n't at optimum strength . 
 had he had enough time to stop me completely ? 
 probably . 
 had he had enough time to move away ? 
 most assuredly . 
 my movements were slower than usual , my reflexes dulled . 
 a glimmer of humor lit his eyes , making the blue appear almost purple . 
 `` get your ass out of bed . 
 in the shape you 're in , other-worlders will eliminateyou , not the other way around . 
 i 'll meet you in the basement gym in half an hour . '' 
 `` get out of my room . '' 
 `` half an hour , '' he said . 
 `` do n't be late . '' 
 when i heard the doors close , i forced myself out of bed . 
 i felt sorer now than i had been five minutes ago . 
 i blamed lucius , of course . 
 but damn if i did n't look forward to training with him . 
 i loved a challenge . 
 in my current state , i probably could n't beat him . 
 i could do a lot of damage , though , i thought , grinning . 
 i saturated my wounds with a cyanoacrylate adhesive-a superglue for injuries-and took a lingering shower , luxuriating in the steaming , rose-scented liquid . 
 most people had to bathe with dry enzyme and glyceride spray . 
 michael could afford water , thank god . 
 showering was almost a hobby of mine . 
 i 'd been told raka was a planet with more water than land . 
 perhaps bathing was something all rakas enjoyed . 
 if my parents had survived their night of terror , i could have asked them . 
 would have given anything to ask them . 
 a pang of remorse hit me , just as it always did when i thought of my parents . 
 i missed them terribly . 
 when i climbed out of the tub , i felt more limber , less awkward . 
 i glanced at the wall clock . 
 three forty-five . 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 thirty-threeminutes had passed since lucius had ordered me to be in the gym . 
 i imagined him pacing , waiting impatiently for me . 
 reaching up , and experiencing only a slight twinge in my side , i secured the length of my gold hair from my face and rummaged through a dresser filled with clothes . 
 in all of his homes , michael kept a room and wardrobe just for me . 
 i donned a red sports bra and matching spandex shorts . 
 my stomach growled . 
 i 'd had nothing more substantial than sugar water in days . 
 as i entered the kitchen , the smooth , marble tile was cold against my bare feet . 
 real coffee , not the synthetic blend , simmered in the silver pot sitting on the platinum countertop , saturating the air with a thick , caffeinated aroma . 
 i wrinkled my nose in distaste . 
 how anyone could drink that crap , i did n't know . 
 with the press of a few buttons , a turkey sandwich slid onto the counter hatch . 
 i sprinkled it with sugar and managed to eat half before my stomach protested . 
 forty-nine minutes had passed . 
 i finally sauntered my way into the basement gym . 
 i was grinning . 
 lucius was there , pounding away at the punching bag , looking sexy as hell . 
 how annoying . 
 with his irritating personality , he should be ugly . 
 hideous . 
 his bronzed skin stretched taut over muscles and sinew . 
 several scars laced his ribcage . 
 sweat glistened and traced small rivulets down his bare chest and back , catching in the waist of his black shorts . 
 he did n't spare me a glance . 
 i spent the next two hours stretching on the mat and centering my energy , forcing my body past the barriers my injuries had set . 
 at times , i found myself unsteady and shaky . 
 a good shaky , though . 
 the kind that let me know i was alive . 
 i 'm sure lucius would have preferred i make use of the weights , maybe the virtual boxing ring . 
 usually , i did train in the ring . 
 i did n't want to go that route today . 
 instead , i pranced off the mat and to the bar across the far wall . 
 i stretched one leg up , glancing over at lucius . 
 i nearly gasped when i realized he was watching me , his eyes heated and intense . 
 my gaze slitted on him . 
 `` enjoying yourself ? '' 
 `` let 's practice , '' he barked . 
 `` if you think you can handle me . '' 
 `` i 've been handling men like you for years , sparkie . '' 
 a muscle ticked in his temple . 
 `` let 's get a few things straight , cookie . 
 you do n't like me and i do n't like you . 
 you do n't want a partner , and i sure as hell do n't need one-especially an arrogant female other-worlder with no talent that i can see . '' 
 `` then why did you agree to work with me ? '' 
 i ground out . 
 `` a paycheck is a paycheck , baby , and your daddy is paying out the ass to have me here . '' 
 `` we 're paid by the government , baby . 
 get your facts straight . '' 
 his lips pursed , and he cut off his next words . 
 `` at least you got the better end of the deal , '' i muttered . 
 `` how 's that ? '' 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` you failed your last mission , and i 've succeeded every damn time . '' 
 i worked my jaw in irritation . 
 like i really needed a reminder of my failure . 
 like it was n't front and center in my mind , even in my dreams . 
 `` in all my years as an agent , that 's my only failure . 
 one i plan to rectify . '' 
 `` you 've succeeded at easy cases , sugar . 
 that 's nothing to be proud of . '' 
 bastard . 
 `` have you even made a single kill ? '' 
 `` if you have to ask , you 're not a good judge of character . '' 
 cold , hard death gleamed in his eyes , speaking of innumerable kills . 
 my hands clenched at my sides . 
 `` i 've made kills , too . 
 many , in fact . '' 
 `` i 'm curious , '' he said . 
 `` how did you eliminate those targets of yours ? 
 annoy them to death ? '' 
 scowling , i closed the distance between us until we were nose to nose . 
 our breath mingled , and i could feel the vibration of his strength . 
 i could not seem to hold my usual cool facade with this man . 
 i responded to him whether i wanted to or not . 
 `` why annoy them when i can use my knife-when i can take a human like you , cut you up , and saute you for breakfast ? '' 
 he studied me for a long , silent moment , his eyes raking over my curves with heated intent . 
 `` that 's one glorious ego you 've got there . '' 
 `` i 've earned it . 
 you , however , have probably never - '' `` that 's enough , children , '' michael said , suddenly filling the doorway . 
 we both spun around and faced him . 
 with a feigned nonchalance , he leaned against the thick wooden frame . 
 he held a cup of steaming coffee in one hand and an unlit cigar with the other . 
 `` i leave you two alone for a few hours and you turn on each other . 
 work together on this or find yourselves new jobs . '' 
 he shook his head and gave me his complete attention . 
 `` i meant to give you more time , but something 's come up . '' 
 now he turned to lucius . 
 `` finish your training , then explain to eden what i want done today . '' 
 with that , he left us alone . 
 `` explain now , '' i said , glaring at lucius . 
 i would have run after michael , but that would amused mypartner , i 'm sure . 
 `` anyone ever tell you if you 're nice to a man , he 's more likely to be nice to you ? '' 
 `` please explain what michael wants done , '' i said , the words ripped from my throat . 
 `` not until after we train , '' he said , drawing out each syllable with relish . 
 he eyed my injured side . 
 `` you , cookie , are in desperate need of it . '' 
 i had to swallow back a rush of curses . 
 how did he keep getting the upper hand ? 
 `` i 'm ready when you are , '' i said through gritted teeth . 
 as a raka , i did n't have special , instinctive fighting skills . 
 as a trained assassin , idid . 
 i would not be the easy mark he obviously considered me . 
 injured or not . 
 he claimed his place on the large blue mat in the center of the gym . 
 gathering my energy , centering at last , i placed myself just inches away from him . 
 my strength was not at the level i wanted it , but for now it would have to do . 
 i considered my battle strategy . 
 focus . 
 keep my thoughts clear . 
 do n't allow an emotional reaction . 
 `` i wo n't go easy on you , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't care that you 're a woman , and i do n't care that you 're injured . '' 
 i 'd trained with holograms more fierce and lethal than this man , so his warning did n't frighten me in the least . 
 `` you plan to take me down all by your little self ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` good luck , sparkie . '' 
 uttering a low growl , he sprang at me . 
 in one fluid motion , i leaned to the side , effectively avoiding impact . 
 he whizzed past me and tripped on his own feet . 
 `` tsk , tsk , tsk . 
 you let your anger get the better of you . '' 
 pivoting , he advanced on me . 
 i kicked him in the stomach , but that did n't slow him . 
 he reached me all too soon and grabbed me by the shoulders . 
 this time i could n't evade him ; he moved too quickly . 
 he tossed me down , and i hit the mat with a smack . 
 i winced at the sharp ache in my side but quickly leapt to my feet . 
 and just like that , before i could drag in a breath , he was on me again , shoving me down , his hands wrapping around my throat to choke me . 
 `` you 're too slow , '' he said . 
 i knew that . 
 the slower i moved , the more time my opponent had to consider his next action . 
 i broke lucius 's hold with a quick thrust to his elbow . 
 not enough strength to break his arm into two pieces , but enough to hurt . 
 then i kicked him in the chest , sending him stumbling backward . 
 when he regained his momentum , he launched at me . 
 twisting , i sprang up and sidestepped . 
 gave another fluid twist . 
 kick . 
 contact . 
 my foot slammed into his midsection , knocking the air from his lungs . 
 as he doubled over , trying to suck in air , i lunged , elbow raised . 
 with one downward slice , i connected with his cheekbone . 
 he howled . 
 i grinned . 
 `` still too slow ? '' 
 `` not a bad move , '' he said , rubbing his cheek . 
 after a moment of staggering , he stood to his full height . 
 `` let 's see what else you 've got . '' 
 he went low , spinning on his heels , at the same time performing a booted strike . 
 anticipating such a move , i jumped . 
 not far enough away , however . 
 the heel of his boot ground into my calf . 
 my knees knocked together , buckled , and i propelled onto my face . 
 cool foam met hot flesh . 
 i lost my cockiness . 
 he jumped on me , his chest pinning my face to the floor . 
 his warm breath fanned my ear , my cheek . 
 everywhere his skin touched mine acted as a live wire , singeing me , making me ache-not in pain , but in lust . 
 i had trouble drawing in a breath , but when i did , i inhaled the savageness of his scent . 
 the wildness . 
 `` what should you do in this position ? '' 
 he said calmly . 
 i should place one palm against my cheek , then extend my other arm and roll myself over . 
 but his long , thick fingers were surprisingly gentle as they slid down my arms , and i remained in place , doing nothing . 
 his touch was n't like that of an enemy , but like that of a lover . 
 an unwanted wave of need and desire crested inside me , growing hotter , hotter still . 
 it did n't help that he had an erection . 
 thick . 
 hard . 
 hot . 
 he did n't wantme , i knew . 
 not really . 
 men were simply turned on by physical contact . 
 and we 'd definitely gotten physical . 
 knowing he would have desired any woman under him failed to diminish my own lust as it should have . 
 dark , dangerous fantasies sprang to life . 
 naked bodies , moans of surrender ... without thought , i arched my butt toward him , seeking more of his heat , craving deeper contact . 
 and that 's when a fragrant cloud of cinnamon and honey surrounded us . 
 the moment i smelled it , my cheeks burned a bright red and i fought frantically for release . 
 if lucius knew anything about rakas , he 'd know we only emitted that scent when desperately aroused . 
 `` let me go , '' i shouted . 
 i could n't have erected a calm , cool mask if my life depended on it . 
 `` let me go right now . '' 
 i extended my arm as i should have done earlier and tried to roll over . 
 he pressed me down with more of his weight , keeping me immobile . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` be still , woman . 
 and when the hell did you put on that perfume ? '' 
 he did n't know . 
 i immediately relaxed . 
 it was one thing to desire him , but quite another for him to know about it . 
 he seemed like the type of man who would use that against me , mock me . 
 `` get off me , '' i said more calmly . 
 `` what are you going to do if i do n't ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 've got you pinned , and you know what ? 
 there 's not a damn thing you can do about it . 
 so it looks like you 've got yourself a bit of a problem . '' 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 i replied , nearly breathless . 
 i had to get him off of me before i did something stupid . 
 like whimper ... or spread my legs . 
 `` i do , '' he said confidently . 
 there was a pause , then , `` was i too rough ? '' 
 he asked gruffly . 
 i forced myself not to struggle . 
 `` i happen to like it rough . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 his voice was now low and husky . 
 full of sexual energy . 
 `` i think you like it slow and tender . '' 
 my god , if he kept talking to me like that , i was going to rip off his shorts and demand he take me right here . 
 `` damn you . 
 do n't you want to teach me a lesson ? '' 
 `` maybe next time . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` when a man has you pinned like this , the best thing you can do is bite his arm and use the distraction to twist yourself around . '' 
 before i could take his advice , he jumped off me and stood to his feet . 
 feeling strangely bereft , i wrenched to my back and kicked , swiping his feet out from under him . 
 down , down he tumbled . 
 i laughed when he hit . 
 `` to do something like that ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 his laughter mingled with mine , the sound of it raw and genuine . 
 he did n't move to rise , but remained in place . 
 `` good move . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 when our amusement died , he anchored one of his arms behind his neck and frowned . 
 `` i want that bastard eenli killed . 
 not because it 's our assignment , but because he deserves to die . '' 
 i glanced over at his profile ; it was as harsh and savage a view as full frontal . 
 `` you make it sound personal . '' 
 `` every mission is personal , but i 'm sure michael told you eenli used to work here . '' 
 `` he did . '' 
 `` when he left , he killed several agents . 
 agents who were my friends . '' 
 lucius turned to face me , the glint in his eyes feral , hard . 
 `` if at any time i think you 're holding me back , i swear to god i 'll kill you myself . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 `` i 'm only going to say this once . '' 
 i held up one finger , just in case he needed a visual . 
 `` i 'll speak slowly so you understand . 
 ifyou hold me back , i 'll send you crying back to your mommy-cut up like a little girl . '' 
 another flash of amusement played at the corners of his lips . 
 `` good with knives , are you ? '' 
 `` very , '' i said with utter confidence . 
 `` fair enough . 
 warning received . '' 
 quick as a snap , he rolled on top of me and pinned my shoulders to the mat with his knees . 
 i quickly brought my legs up behind him and wrapped my ankles around his neck . 
 my thigh muscles ached when i jerked him backward . 
 down he went , up i went . 
 the moment his back hit , i used the momentum to pull myself the rest of the way up and planted my elbow in his stomach . 
 his breath whooshed out . 
 `` that 's the second time you 've elbowed me , '' he panted . 
 `` has eenli showed up anymore ? '' 
 i asked , quickly pushing to my feet . 
 just for fun , i dropped and thrust my elbow into his lungs . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 when he caught his breath , lucius said , `` a few more times in new dallas . 
 we think he murdered a human female . '' 
 `` that 's not his usual mo. . 
 eenli abducts , rapes , and tortures . 
 he rarely kills . 
 there 's no profit in a dead body . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i think he 's desperate and made a mistake . '' 
 lucius spun and lashed out , his foot slamming into my forearm . 
 into my wound . 
 i winced , but maintained my balance . 
 my god , that hurt . 
 he wanted me to cry `` unfair , '' but i did n't give him the satisfaction . 
 i leapt , whirling in the air , one fist cocked and ready . 
 contact . 
 i nailed him in the temple . 
 his chin whipped to the side . 
 `` it usually takes him months to round up the right slave candidates , since he only wants those that meet his buyers ' specifications , '' i said . 
 `` why act hastily now ? '' 
 `` from what you told michael , '' he said , dancing to the side when i came at him again , causing me to miss him , `` some of his last shipment died from some sort of sickness . 
 his buyers would n't have liked that . 
 they asked for a certain number , i 'm sure , so he has to supply that exact number . 
 and do n't forget , you killed his top man , so he 's doing some of the dirty work himself now . '' 
 `` makes sense . '' 
 since the move had worked for me before , i went low , kicked out . 
 my leg connected with his ankles . 
 when he tumbled down , i jumped and pinned his shoulders with my knees , my crotch near his face . 
 he met my eyes , then purposefully slid his gaze slid downward . 
 `` nice view . '' 
 i shivered and tried to halt the new flicker of awareness sparking within me . 
 short , inky locks of hair spiked over his forehead , giving him a just-roused-from-bed appearance . 
 `` look , i 'm not like other women you know . 
 i 'm tougher than you think . 
 i 've done things and been places most people only fear . '' 
 `` you 're still a woman , '' he said , as if that explained every secret of the universe . 
 `` and you 're a raka , the most peaceful race ever to slink their way onto this planet . '' 
 slink ? 
 i should break his nose for that . 
 `` i 'm a rakan woman who kills people for a living . 
 i 'm not afraid of you , and i 'm not afraid of eenli . 
 iwill kill him . '' 
 an unreadable emotion glimmered in his eyes , and i wondered what he was feeling . 
 admiration ? 
 i wished . 
 doubt ? 
 most likely . 
 `` why do you choose to kill other-worlders when you yourself are an other-worlder ? 
 is n't that like killing your own brother ? '' 
 `` my reasons are my own and no business of yours . '' 
 `` i 've read your file , '' he said . 
 `` no reason is mentioned . '' 
 stunned , i blinked . 
 michael had the nerve to delete lucius 's file so i would have to learn about him on my own , but he left my file for the man to peruse at his leisure ? 
 fury seared me , and lightning snapped along my tongue . 
 `` like my reasoning , my file is my business and mine alone . '' 
 he remained unperturbed . 
 `` i 'll be honest . 
 you 're a contradiction , and i have n't figured you out yet . 
 by killing other-worlders , you protect humans , '' he said , `` but humans hunt your people for their golden skin . '' 
 `` i 'm as much an earthling as you are . 
 i was born here , raised here . 
 the fact that i 'm rakan ... '' i gave a stiff shrug . 
 `` you 're human . 
 would you kill a human if you had to ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' he said . 
 his eyebrows arched . 
 `` would you ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' i replied . 
 `` you , in particular . 
 some people , no matter their race or gender , are bad and need to be destroyed . 
 that 's the only way peace will be reached . '' 
 those full lips of his curved sensuously , and i had the sudden , unwelcome urge to lean down and nibble them . 
 `` you want to know what michael plans for us today or what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded and fought a rise of color in my cheeks because i 'd forgotten michael 's dictate so easily . 
 stupid lust . 
 i did n't like this man . 
 remember ? 
 `` last night one of our agents caught sahara rose . 
 she 's being held in new dallas , '' he said , not bothering to try and move me off of him . 
 `` michael wants us to fly there and question her , get whatever information we can . '' 
 i nearly jumped to my feet in excitement and anticipation , but managed to remain where i was . 
 `` when do we leave ? '' 
 `` two hours . '' 
 he clasped his hands over my thighs and squeezed . 
 not enough to hurt , but enough to get my attention . 
 `` i want to question her alone , which means you need to stay here . '' 
 i laughed . 
 i just could n't help myself . 
 `` you 're kidding me , right ? '' 
 `` there 's no way you 'll get answers out of her . 
 you look about as scary as a bowl of warm honey . '' 
 `` looks do not determine ability , '' i ground out , losing all traces of humor . 
 i 'd heard similar words my entire life . 
 as a teenager , my spoiled , pampered self had loved that kind of statement . 
 as an adult , and in light of my recent failure , i hated-hated ! 
 - hearing such a thing . 
 `` and do n't even get me started on your mouth , '' he continued . 
 `` what about my mouth ? '' 
 i asked slowly . 
 `` it 's a two-hundred-dollars-an-hour mouth , not a tell-me-all-your-secrets-or-i 'll - kill-you mouth . '' 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 i said . 
 oh , this was going to be fun . 
 he obviously had no idea what he was about to encounter with his interrogation . 
 `` i 'm willing to make a bet with you . 
 i 'll give you ten minutes to get a single answer out of sahara rose . 
 a single answer . '' 
 i 'd followed the woman for days . 
 i knew her . 
 lucius , with his towering build and hard-ass i-don ` t-give - a-shit edge , would intimidate her into absolute silence . 
 wicked intent gleamed in his expression . 
 `` and when ido get an answer out of her ? '' 
 he asked , both brows raised . 
 `` i 'll let you have my mouth for free . '' 
 he did n't hesitate . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` do n't you want to know what i get if you fail ? '' 
 `` i do n't plan to fail . '' 
 `` you still have to offer me something i want . '' 
 now he hesitated . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked suspiciously . 
 `` when your ten minutes are up , i want you to step aside and shut the hell up . 
 i 'll get the information we need . 
 afterward , you 're going to get on your knees and praise my ability . '' 
 his lips stretched to a full , anticipatory grin . 
 `` agreed . 
 but get ready , cookie . '' 
 he lifted up , getting so close i felt the warmth of his breath on my face . 
 `` i want your mouth all over me . '' 
 chapter 4 iwant your mouth all over me . 
 i tried not to think about lucius 's parting words as i luxuriated in the softness and decadence of michael 's private its-ionic transport system-a jet that ran on vibrations of subparticle strings of energy rather than gasoline . 
 complete with four laser cannons and retractable wings . 
 i tried not to imagine my mouth devouring lucius 's hard , muscled body , his moans of pleasure in my ears , his hands gripping my hair , the taste of him teasing my tongue . 
 unfortunately , i thought of little else and spent nearly every moment of the flight to new dallas lost in a sensual haze . 
 the cloying scent of honey still wafted from me-and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it . 
 at least lucius had n't mentioned my ` perfume ' again . 
 i might die of acute mortification if he did-i could even picture the headline of my obituary : `` alien assassin survives antique gunshot , laser , knife wounds , poison , and explosion , only to succumb to the stupid-ass comment of a human male . '' 
 i pushed out a breath and settled deeper into the plush leather seat . 
 the private , luxury its offered a smooth ride , a lavish sapphire couch and a gilded table . 
 if it were n't for the panoramic view of white clouds and blue sky , i might have convinced myself i lounged at home , reflecting on the success of my last mission . 
 instead , here i was . 
 a failure . 
 partnered . 
 lusting after a human . 
 rakas were sensual by nature . 
 creatures of peace , pleasure , and decadence-qualities i 'd battled for many years , and thought i had conquered . 
 or rather , killed , along with all of my victims . 
 i sighed . 
 i had n't set out to become an assassin . 
 i asked to train with michael and his agents simply to spend more time with my father . 
 to impress him . 
 he respected his men , and i 'd wanted that respect for myself . 
 wanted to be more than his spoiled , pampered , lazy daughter-something he 'd been teased about often . 
 he 'd never complained , had actually taken pleasure in indulging me , but i had begun to notice the difference between his men and me . 
 reluctantly michael agreed to let me participate . 
 throughout training , i was pushed as hard as the men . 
 i fought , i hunted , i learned the intricacies of weapons . 
 afterward , i watched my male counterparts leave and return from assignments while i remained behind . 
 i heard them discuss the atrocities being committed by their targets , and i felt their pride at protecting those weaker than themselves . 
 becoming an agent soon became my real goal . 
 as the days passed , it was less about michael and more aboutme . 
 what i could do to help . 
 finally michael allowed me a chance to prove myself . 
 that first kill had been less difficult than i 'd expected . 
 less difficult than everyone expected . 
 i was a raka , sensual , a peace lover , true , but i had easily taken life . 
 that 's when i realized the destruction of evil was a sensual dance and my means of keeping the peace . 
 killingwas my nature . 
 lucius stretched out his long , thick legs , eating my personal space . 
 he sat across from me , no part of our bodies touching . 
 still , i felt the heat of him , and i did n't like it . 
 i did n't like him , period . 
 he upset my inner balance . 
 an inner balance i desperately needed . 
 after all , i destroyed aliens and humans for a living , violently , without thought or regret . 
 one single distraction could getme killed . 
 iknew that . 
 i did . 
 yet here i was , consumed by a man who made me ache in ways that had nothing to do with physical injuries . 
 i stole a quick glance at him , my gaze locking on his lips . 
 though pink and lush , they somehow appeared hard just then . 
 abrasive . 
 just like the rest of him . 
 but i did n't think they 'd be hard when kissing a woman . 
 no , they 'd be tender and silky . 
 hot . 
 perfect . 
 utterly perfect . 
 a man who looked like he did , comprised of razors and nails , muscle and sinew , belonged in wars . 
 not on top of a woman , giving untold pleasure . 
 and yet i 'd be willing to bet he excelled at both . 
 not that i would ever find out first hand . 
 shifting to the side , i allowed myself to take in the rest of him . 
 the change in his appearance still surprised me . 
 the man had somehow transformed himself before leaving new mexico . 
 after ourinnocent tussle in michael 's basement gym , we 'd gone our separate ways to shower and change clothes . 
 lucius had emerged with his dark hair bleached completely white , his left eyebrow pierced , and the base of his throat sporting a skull tattoo . 
 he looked sexy as hell . 
 `` want to tell me what you 're thinking about ? '' 
 he asked casually . 
 my heart hammered at the sound of his voice . 
 like i was going to admit that little gem . 
 he had n't said a word about the change , and neither had i. i could guess why he 'd done it . 
 obviously he 'd been to new dallas before-under a different identity.this identity . 
 he 'd probably worked with the men we were meeting , and they knew him as this man . 
 lucius continued to watch me , i noticed , his ice-blue gaze intent . 
 at least his eye color had n't changed . 
 that sexy , electric blue should never be concealed . 
 `` you might as well tell me , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll get it out of you sooner and later , and you 'll be doing yourself a favor if it 's sooner . '' 
 `` i 'm just imagining your failure with sahara rose , '' i lied . 
 his pierced black brow arched , raising the silver stud . 
 `` if the thought of my failure is what put that ` fuck-me-now ' expression on your face , keep thinking about it . 
 please . '' 
 the last word sounded foreign on his tongue , as if he 'd never spoken it before . 
 i fought to keep my expression neutral , to keep from scowling . 
 with his words , he placed his pleasure-giving image right back in the gutter of my fantasies . 
 `` must you be so crude ? '' 
 i ground out . 
 `` we kill people for a living , cookie , and you 're balking at my language ? '' 
 we might both be killers , but we were different on so many levels . 
 i worked for peace , for the good of the people . 
 he worked for money . 
 my allegiance would never waver . 
 his probably shifted with the wind . 
 `` oh , wait , '' he added . 
 `` you 're a princess , a spoiled little rich girl . 
 and do n't try to deny it . 
 i 've heard stories about your teenage years . 
 crying and pouting when you did n't get what you wanted . ' 
 i asked for a blue dress , daddy , not green , ' '' he mimicked in a high voice . 
 `` boohoo . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` of course you 're balking at my language . 
 girls like you ca n't be happy , no matter their circumstances . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 i wasnot that girl anymore . 
 i had n't been for a long , long time . 
 when i began my agent training , i 'd even stopped calling michael `` daddy . '' 
 i 'd called him what every other agent called him . 
 `` too bad there is n't a price on your head , '' i muttered . 
 `` you 're one target i 'd take great joy in destroying . '' 
 `` who says there is n't a price on my head ? '' 
 my brows arched . 
 `` is there ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you 're the hotshot tracker . 
 you tell me . '' 
 our gazes clashed and held . 
 some invisible force refused to release me from its grip as i studied him . 
 his features were as granite-hard and unreadable as ever . 
 nothing about his expression or body language betrayed his thoughts . 
 `` okay . 
 maybe there 's more than one , '' i said . 
 `` you 're not the kind of guy who knows how to play nice . 
 most likely , you have enemies in every city , country , and hellhole you 've ever entered . '' 
 the moment i spoke the word `` play , '' his eyes dropped to my lips . 
 the word actually hung between us like a living , breathing thing . 
 was he imagining naked , sweaty bodies ? 
 drugging kisses and pleasure ? 
 i glared at him , silently commanding him to look away . 
 he did n't . 
 in fact , his stare became more intently focused on my mouth . 
 such intense scrutiny unnerved me , but i was used to controlling my actions . 
 my body would obey the will of my mind , not my lust . 
 i wanted to squirm and turn away , but i forbade myself even an inch of movement . 
 for my job , i 'd often sat in one place for hours , surveying my prey , not giving away my location by a single breath . 
 i decided to challenge him by turning his own question against him . 
 `` what areyou thinking about ? '' 
 he arched his pierced brow again . 
 `` do you want the honest answer or the same shit you gave me when i asked ? '' 
 he did n't give me time to reply , but finished with , `` i 'll give you the honest answer . '' 
 he leaned forward , his mouth twisting upward , his eyes darkening . 
 `` i 'm thinking how hot and wet and eager your lips will be when i win our bet . '' 
 `` you do n't even like me . '' 
 `` i do n't have to like you to want you . '' 
 how like a man . 
 thankfully the landing gear moaned as it disengaged , saving me from slicing that smug grin off his face with the three-pronged razor strapped to my ankle . 
 never mind that i did n't like him and wanted him myself . 
 the self-driving its glided smoothly into its programmed location , a private airstrip in new dallas . 
 lucius and i hustled outside . 
 a step behind him , i found myself watching the way his butt moved . 
 nice . 
 damn him . 
 the sun glared directly overhead , causing midday heat to wrap around me . 
 my gold skin burned easily , more easily than a human 's . 
 when possible , i wore long-sleeved shirts -lrb- with accessible slits for weapon handling -rrb- and tight black pants -lrb- also with accessible slits -rrb- . 
 i slid my dark sunglasses into place . 
 because i belonged to a hunted race , i also shoved my golden hair under a black ball cap . 
 a fine sheen of sweat formed , and a dirt-laden breeze kicked up . 
 i hurried into the air-conditioned back seat of a bullet - and laserproof black hummer . 
 two of michael 's employees waited in the front . 
 both were physically fit humans in their mid-thirties . 
 i recognized them and nodded . 
 ren , the muscled brute in the passenger seat , had asked me out on numerous occasions . 
 i 'd always turned him down . 
 his wandering eye irritated me . 
 `` thanks for the ride , '' i said . 
 `` no problem , baby , '' ren said , giving me a welcoming smile . 
 `` anything for you . '' 
 as he spoke , he sent me a wink . 
 he even skimmed his gaze over my body , and i would n't have doubted if he mentally willed my legs apart . 
 any reply i offered would have encouraged him . 
 i knew that from experience . 
 so i kept my mouth closed . 
 the easy atmosphere changed when lucius entered the vehicle and folded his big frame beside me . 
 ren avoided looking directly at him , but his lips pressed together in disdain . 
 the driver , marko , whipped around , facing us . 
 his olive complexion and dark eyes were rosy with ... fury ? 
 `` you guys have met before , i take it , '' i muttered . 
 `` he broke my f ** king nose , '' marko snarled . 
 lucius remained unperturbed . 
 `` i 'll break it again if you do n't turn your ass around and get us where we need to be . '' 
 there was a sizzling pause , a suspended moment between the escalating tension where i was one hundred percent confident the three men were going to kill each other . 
 wait . 
 let me rephrase . 
 i was one hundred percent confident lucius would kill marko and ren . 
 i doubted anyone or anything could hurt lucius adaire . 
 and was n't that a funny realization ? 
 when i 'd first meet the man , i 'd accused him of being all brawn and no brains , too pretty to actually fight . 
 he 'd proven himself capable during our training session . 
 i 'd give him that much . 
 i adjusted the sunglasses on my nose . 
 obviously , lucius had served time in the military . 
 special forces , black ops maybe . 
 perhaps he 'd even worked for a.i.r. at one time . 
 he moved silently , fluidly , with the patent stillness of a predator . 
 he did n't balk at the thought of violence ; he embraced it . 
 i still did n't want him as my partner , though . 
 how could i prove myself ? 
 how could i prove my worth and my capabilities with this tough man at my side ? 
 despite his threats to let me die if i got in his way , he just might jump in front of me if gunshots erupted . 
 agents were protectors by nature , and he would n't be able to help himself . 
 `` i 'm not paid by the hour , ladies , so let 's get this job done , '' lucius added . 
 i watched as marko 's flush turned ruddy , his eyes narrowed to dark slits . 
 he slowly turned away from us . 
 his back and shoulders were stiff , and an aura of fury radiated from him . 
 ren was slower to turn around . 
 he glanced from lucius to me , from me to lucius . 
 he 'd never seen me with another agent before , so undoubtedly he wondered what the hell i was doing with this one . 
 i offered no explanation , and switched my attention to the window . 
 trees were dry and yellow from lack of water . 
 tumbleweed rolled up the fenced enclosure and along the runway , and men rushed to remove them . 
 seconds later our coordinates were programmed into the car and we were speeding down winding back roads . 
 no one spoke . 
 in the silence , my awareness of lucius became electric , a spark begging to burst into flame . 
 the hard length of his thigh pressed against the firmness of mine . 
 where our clothes met , my nerve endings sizzled . 
 he smelled good . 
 too good . 
 like soap and man and a hint of michael 's woodsy cigars . 
 to preserve my sanity , i forced my mind from such dangerous territory and concentrated on the coming confrontation with sahara rose . 
 such a gentle , fragile creature , and that fragility made her a weak link in eenli 's chain . 
 i 'd always wondered why the slaver had used the girl . 
 stupidity ? 
 or desire ? 
 the latter was most likely the answer . 
 desire could make the sanest of people do foolish things . 
 was n't i becoming proof of that ? 
 soon the hummer eased to a stop in front of an old , dilapidated farmhouse on the verge of collapse . 
 appearances were often deceiving , and i knew this was one of those times . 
 inside , those splintery walls were solid and impenetrable . 
 trip wires and land mines littered the surrounding property . 
 computers and other equipment protected the `` home '' from invasion-as well as keeping prisoners inside . 
 `` ten minutes , '' i reminded lucius as i jumped outside . 
 i did n't want anyone opening my door and helping me out . 
 femininity and delicacy were two things i did n't want to project right now . 
 i slammed the door closed with more force than necessary . 
 `` i 'll be watching the clock . '' 
 the heat hit me instantly , once again wrapping around me like a thick blanket . 
 bright rays of sunlight baked everything in their path . 
 the barren ground . 
 the twigs and rocks . 
 lucius strode to my side , his long , muscled legs making short work of the distance . 
 he radiated heat of his own , but it left a far different feeling inside me than the sun did . 
 `` do n't be surprised , '' he said briskly , `` when i win after only five . '' 
 i secretly smiled . 
 so cocky , yet so doomed for failure . 
 i had n't had this much fun in years . 
 if ever . 
 but i gave no outward reaction to his words . 
 instead i turned and marched forward . 
 he stayed close to my side . 
 there was no one waiting for us at the door . 
 instead , guards and agents abounded inside , a few watching our every move as we passed the rickety-looking threshold . 
 since we would never have made it to the porch without clearance , we did n't have to endure retinal scans or fingerprint ids . 
 besides , we were expected . 
 and since michael black controlled this little building as well as everything and everyone inside it-and he was n't here-i guess that made me the boss for now . 
 my shoulders straightened at the thought . 
 the chipped front door closed automatically . 
 my hands remained close to the knives strapped to my thighs . 
 a habit , really . 
 immediately , i took stock of my new surroundings . 
 eleven men manned the first room . 
 two were stationed at the computer terminal in back ; three were seated on the only couch , cleaning and testing weapons . 
 the rest of the men were relaxing and talking over coffee . 
 cool air welcomed me in an open embrace . 
 relieved , i tugged off my cap , and my hair tumbled down my back . 
 i hated wearing hats because they retained heat , but i also did n't like hair in my face . 
 the gold locks restricted my vision-and a good assassin needed to see everything around her . 
 i should have cut it off long ago , but it reminded me of my mother-the only reminder i had , really-so i never had . 
 i reached up and tugged my hair into a ponytail . 
 `` take lucius to the prisoner , '' i said to no one in particular . 
 a short , stocky bull of a human immediately stepped up to my-growl-partner . 
 `` this way , '' he said , not meeting lucius 's eyes . 
 lucius made to follow him , but i stopped him with a hand on his forearm . 
 he paused , leveling an expressionless glance at me . 
 `` leave your weapons with me , '' i said quietly . 
 he laughed . 
 actually laughed , a booming sound that filled the room . 
 but when he spoke , his voice was as quiet as mine had been . 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 `` did you hear what happened to that a.i.r. agent dallas gutierrez when another agent took a weapon into an interrogation ? '' 
 his smile remained , softening the harsh planes of his features . 
 `` i can handle myself . 
 besides , i would n't do you the favor of getting myself killed before i claim my prize . '' 
 with that , he shook off my hold and strode away . 
 at least he had n't called me `` cookie '' in front of the men . 
 i turned to ren , who had followed us inside . 
 `` where can i observe ? '' 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw , but he replied helpfully , `` i 'll show you . '' 
 he ushered me down a well-lit , narrow hallway that slanted down , taking us underground . 
 with every step , the temperature became damper , cooler . 
 the walls were plain , a little dirty , but there were no visible cameras or sensors . 
 still , both were there , i knew , watching our every move . 
 i knew how michael operated , and the man left nothing to chance . 
 even though security cameras were illegal without a proper license-which michael did n't have because he did n't want anyone knowing his business-i knew they were here . 
 `` what 's with you and adaire ? '' 
 ren asked , breaking the silence . 
 i did n't spare him a glance . 
 `` what business is it of yours ? '' 
 `` lucius adaire is a killer . '' 
 i had to smile at that one . 
 `` so am i . 
 so are you , for that matter . '' 
 `` no , i mean a vicious killer . 
 he 'll kill anything . 
 women . 
 children . 
 i 'd watch my back if i were you . '' 
 i did n't allow myself to react to his words . 
 `` well , you are n't me . '' 
 i still wore my sunglasses , so i looked over them and leveled him with a pointed stare . 
 `` besides that , i always watch my back-even while i 'm with you . '' 
 the hallway finally ended . 
 we stood in front of what looked like an average wall . 
 ren laid his hand against a corner section , and two panels opened . 
 a disposable , computer-operated needle pricked his index finger , and a small sample of blood was taken . 
 when the computer recognized his dna , the wall-consisting of two steel plates-split down the middle , admitting us . 
 i did n't know if ren had spoken the truth about lucius . 
 the two men were n't friends , so there was a very real possibility ren had embellished his story . 
 however , i did n't like to think of lucius as a killer of innocents-the very innocents i strove so hard to protect . 
 `` come on , '' ren grumbled , unhappy with the lack of reaction he 'd gotten from me . 
 he led me into a small room . 
 one entire wall boasted a holoscreen that played out the happenings in the other room . 
 i saw the small , plain blue room , the two wooden chairs . 
 i sank into observation 's only chair , a padded stool , forcing ren to stand beside me . 
 i watched as lucius crossed his arms over his chest and glared down at a pale , trembling sahara rose-who was n't speaking . 
 she did whimper , though , but that did n't count . 
 her blue eyes were wide and watery , and she kept tugging on her light-colored hair . 
 grinning , i glanced at the clock beside me . 
 ten minutes , then i was going in . 
 chapter 5 five minutes down . 
 five minutes to go . 
 i almost hated for the ten minutes to end . 
 lucius was simply too entertaining . 
 screaming at sahara rose failed , so he tried cajoling . 
 intimidation through silence failed , so he switched to i 'm - a-nice-man-and-you-can-tell-me-anything mode . 
 whenever he approached her , her trembling and sobbing increased , but she never spoke a word . 
 when at long last she began screaming hysterically , he turned his back to me . 
 he reached up with one hand , looking as if he wanted to scratch his head . 
 he flipped me off . 
 i laughed . 
 desperation clung to him , growing darker in his features , becoming heavier on his shoulders . 
 the best thing , i had to admit , was that his antics kept my mind off eenli and my own failure . 
 another three minutes passed with no results . 
 lucius tried to hide it , but i caught several panicked glances at his wristwatch . 
 i had to choke back another round of laughter . 
 i 'd never been one to enjoy another 's pain , butplease . 
 watching this hard-assed man flounder ranked right up there with consuming an entire bowl of sugar-covered peaches-my biggest weakness . 
 i glanced at the digital clock next to the screen . 
 only one minute to go . 
 lucius began to pace frantically , begging-actually begging-sahara rose to utter a single word . 
 his eyebrow ring glinted in the light . 
 `` please , '' he said , the word hard against his lips . 
 `` please , just say your name . 
 curse at me . 
 anything . 
 i 'll pay you . 
 however much you want . '' 
 she continued to tremble in her corner , lips pressed together , tears in her eyes . 
 at least she 'd stopped screaming . 
 `` i 'm begging you . 
 tell me your name . 
 that 's all you have to do . 
 i 'll leave , then . 
 you 'll never have to see me again . '' 
 five ... four ... three ... two ... one . 
 i resisted the urge to jump up and shout . 
 lucius burst forth with a stream of curses so foul and black sahara rose nearly seized . 
 she did sink into a faint , her hair fanning out around her . 
 `` he 's going to kill her , '' ren gasped . 
 he whipped out his cell unit , and held the small black box to his lips . 
 `` we need backup - '' i grabbed the unit and tossed it to the ground . 
 the sound of cracking plastic greeted my ears . 
 ren 's mouth gaped open , and he blinked at me in shock . 
 `` what the hell did you do that for ? 
 i need to protect the suspect . 
 she 's - '' `` fine , '' i said confidently . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 he wo n't hurt her . '' 
 `` the hell he wo n't . '' 
 back and forth ren paced , his agitation manifesting itself in the brisk way he moved . 
 he jerked a hand through his hair . 
 `` he 's in a rage . 
 he wo n't be able to control himself . '' 
 `` for god 's sake , calm down , ren . 
 you 're working yourself up over nothing . 
 his anger is directed at me . 
 not sahara rose . '' 
 `` you ? '' 
 he ground to a halt . 
 a gleam of confusion entered his eyes , as if i 'd spoken a foreign language and he needed to translate the words . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` nor do you need to . '' 
 gaze narrowing , ren snatched at the gun holstered at his side . 
 i quickly laid a hand on his wrist . 
 `` lucius wo n't hurt me either , '' i said . 
 `` how the hell do you know ? '' 
 i smiled sweetly . 
 `` woman 's intuition . '' 
 lucius stormed from sahara rose 's cell wearing an expression of utter violence . 
 his eyes blazed bright blue , his cheeks glowed vivid red . 
 his muscles were bunched and ready to spring into action . 
 i laughed . 
 ren paled and blinked at me as if i were insane . 
 maybe i was . 
 who else would laugh in the face of such a man 's fury ? 
 he deserved it , though . 
 he 'd been so confident of his success . 
 and he 'd failed . 
 i had the chance to show him up , to beat him . 
 i laughed again . 
 how fun this was going to be . 
 i 'm not sure how many seconds passed before lucius stormed inside the observation room . 
 beside me , ren froze in place . 
 lucius 's gaze locked on mine . 
 he braced his legs apart and fisted his hands at his sides . 
 i did n't even try to hide my amusement . 
 `` you lost , '' i said . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` that does n't mean you 'll win . '' 
 `` but it means you lost . '' 
 he popped his jaw , but did n't respond . 
 `` i 'm going to enjoy this , '' i said . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 i unbuttoned the first three buttons of my shirt , causing the material to gape and reveal the lacy edges of my bra . 
 both men watched me , ren with fascination-it did n't take much to douse his fear , did it ? 
 - and lucius with fire . 
 lusty fire or black , angry fire ? 
 i wondered , as i pulled out my ponytail and combed my fingers through my hair . 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` i 'll be back in five minutes , '' i said . 
 his eyes narrowed further , mere slits that completely blocked the color of his irises . 
 `` that confident ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 if you 'll excuse me , ren . 
 agentluscious , '' i said , nodding to lucius before i sauntered past him and out of the room . 
 had i forgotten to mention that sahara rose did n't like men ? 
 oopsie . 
 she might be eenli 's lover , but she found men sexually repulsive . 
 little miss sahara rose liked her phallus strapped on and plastic . 
 the more delicate and sexy the woman , the more susceptible sahara rose became . 
 did i feel guilty or ashamed or even less of an agent for using my femininity as a weapon ? 
 hell , no . 
 look at everything lucius had tried . 
 look how sublimely he failed . 
 a good agent uses whatever means necessary to win . 
 men could scoff at my methods if they so desired , but let 's be honest . 
 they 'd do the same thing if they could . 
 men never hesitate to use their strengths , so why should women ? 
 two armed guards stood posted at sahara rose 's door , which was adjacent to the room i 'd been in . 
 their gazes seemed to devour me . 
 i knew it was n't my appeal as a woman that so entranced them . 
 i 'd learned long ago that humans were simply susceptible to anything gold . 
 i arched a brow insolently , and one of the men quickly punched the code that opened the door . 
 i swept inside without a word . 
 there were two chairs . 
 no bed . 
 no table . 
 a large , black screen comprised the far wall ; that was it . 
 this was n't a room meant for comfort , but for intimidation . 
 michael hoped that the more uncomfortable the room , the less time the suspect would want to spend inside it . 
 i crouched beside the unconscious sahara rose , growing angry with lucius . 
 he had n't even attempted to catch her . 
 i sighed . 
 her body was splayed across the floor in the exact position she 'd landed in her faint . 
 she 'd fallen backward , but at least she had n't cracked open her skull . 
 she was a young girl with too-pale skin and pretty , light-colored hair . 
 beautiful , yes , but her looks were already fading and showing signs of wear . 
 stress could do that to humans-age them before their time . 
 cradling her head in my hand , i gently brushed aside wisps of hair sticking to her temples . 
 `` sahara rose , '' i said softly . 
 `` wake up for me , baby . '' 
 she moaned and murmured something unintelligible . 
 `` come on , sweetheart . 
 wake up . '' 
 her eyelids fluttered open . 
 when she realized where she was , absolute panic flooded her blue eyes . 
 she struggled against my hold , but i held firm , keeping her in place . 
 i might appear dainty because of my gold coloring and small bones , but my intense workouts kept me strong . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you , '' i whispered against her ear , letting my breath caress her cheek . 
 the moment i spoke , she stilled completely . 
 her desperate gaze sought me , and whatever she saw in my face made her relax . 
 `` that man . 
 is he - '' she gulped , trembled . 
 `` he 's gone , '' i said , stroking her jawline . 
 `` after the way he scared you , i sent him to clean the toilets . 
 that 's all men are good for , anyway . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said , sinking deeper into my hold , clinging to me because i was the only lifeline she 'd encountered . 
 `` my pleasure , sweetheart . 
 can you sit ? '' 
 she bit her lip and nodded , then slowly eased to a sitting position . 
 she wore a plain white top and matching drawstring pants . 
 both had been given to her courtesy of michael . 
 because agents were nocturnal creatures who usually wore black , we always kept our prisoners in white . 
 `` i want to go home , '' sahara rose said , her voice trembling . 
 `` soon , sweetheart , '' i promised , knowing it was a lie . 
 this woman , no matter her reasons , no matter her sweetness , had aided a predatory alien . 
 she would be punished in some way . 
 that was the law . 
 i experienced a twinge of guilt and regret , but brushed both aside . 
 `` first , i have some questions for you . '' 
 i pushed to my feet and looped my arm around her waist , helping her stand . 
 i made sure my br ** sts meshed into her side . 
 just in case that did n't make her notice me as a female , i let my fingers slip under her shirt and latch onto her bare midriff . 
 when she felt the heat of my palm , she sucked in a breath . 
 since my desire for lucius had yet to dissipate , my honey scent wafted to her . 
 `` to the chair , '' i told her . 
 she gave me more of her weight than necessary , and i helped her ease into the slatted seat . 
 `` comfortable ? '' 
 gazing up at me through her lashes , she nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 i grazed her cheeks with my knuckles and knelt in front of her , gently prying her knees apart to nestle my body between her thighs . 
 her eyes grew big , and she wet her lips . 
 `` i really need your help , sweetheart , '' i said . 
 `` your life depends on it . '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you what you want to know , '' she said , beseeching me with her gaze to understand . 
 `` you can , '' i insisted . 
 my fingers traced the waist of her pants , making her stomach clench . 
 `` you want to help me ; you know you do . '' 
 `` no , i ca n't , '' she said , but i could see the war raging inside her mind . 
 eenli had probably threatened her life or her family 's life if she ever dared speak a word about his activities . 
 but she did n't want to get in any more trouble . 
 `` please , '' i said , all feminine eagerness . 
 she gulped . 
 `` what do you need to know ? '' 
 she asked hesitantly . 
 i played a look of reluctance across my face , as if i did n't want to involve her but had no choice . 
 `` i need to know about eenli and his ... cattle business . '' 
 her lips compressed in fear , and she shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i do n't know anything . '' 
 i spread my fingers over her thighs and ran them upward until i grasped her hips . 
 her mouth dropped open in surprise , but she did n't pull away . 
 my eyelids dipped to half-mast , casting shadows over my cheekbones . 
 i knew she caught a glimpse of my bra because when i glanced up at her , she flicked her eyes away guiltily . 
 her cheeks warmed to a rosy shade of pink . 
 good . 
 i had her attention , and she was responding to my femininity . 
 `` sahara rose , '' i said , pronouncing her name like it was my favorite food . 
 she gulped again . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` please help me . '' 
 i returned my hands to her waist , toying with the ties on her pants . 
 `` in return , i 'll help you however i can . 
 you 'll never have to see eenli again . '' 
 that much was true , since i planned to kill the bastard . 
 `` let 's start with something little . 
 why do n't you tell me why you helped eenli in the first place ? 
 that 's easy enough , is n't it ? '' 
 she bit her lip and nodded hesitantly . 
 `` i was living on the streets . 
 he found me and took me in , made me his lover . 
 he gave me money and food and a place to stay and he told me he would ... '' kill her if she betrayed or left him , i finished for her . 
 `` he trusted you enough to help with his cattle . '' 
 that war inside her continued to wage for several more minutes . 
 should she , should n't she ? 
 should she risk angering eenli , or risk believing in my aid ? 
 finally , she sighed , and her shoulders sagged . 
 i knew then that victory was mine , and i fought to contain my grin . 
 `` if i did n't help , i would have become cattle . '' 
 tears pricked her eyes , brimming over her lids . 
 `` he would have sold me , and i would have been taken to another planet . '' 
 now we were getting somewhere . 
 `` tell me about the ones whoare taken off-planet . '' 
 `` people give him orders , '' she said , taking my hands and linking our fingers . 
 she was shaking , seeking comfort . 
 `` like off of a restaurant menu . 
 red hair , brown eyes , and so on . '' 
 `` who buys the slaves ? '' 
 `` humans.other-worlders . 
 origins do n't matter . 
 some of the buyers do n't even live on earth . '' 
 `` then how do they give eenli their orders ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` they come through the portals for a visit , i guess . '' 
 the muscles in my back jumped in anticipation of her next words . 
 `` do you know where the portals are located ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 a wave of disappointment crashed through me . 
 i reached up and brushed her hair aside . 
 her eyes closed , and she leaned into my touch . 
 `` he never told me , '' she added . 
 `` his only job for me was to take care of the sick . '' 
 `` if a human wanted to place an order , how would he do it ? '' 
 she pressed her lips together for a moment . 
 `` there 's a man , jonathan parker . 
 he 's old money . 
 oil , i think . 
 he hosts parties at his house , and people tell him what they want . 
 he tells eenli . '' 
 i knew that the moment she spoke the name , every agent listening began searching our databases for jonathan parker . 
 we 'd have a printout of his entire history within minutes . 
 `` do you know the type of people eenli is looking for now ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` he never gives me those details . '' 
 `` what about dates ? 
 when is a shipment due ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she bit her bottom lip and gripped my hand . 
 `` can i go home now ? '' 
 a beseeching note layered her voice . 
 `` i never hurt anyone , i promise . 
 i took care of them . '' 
 `` i know you did . 
 but you need to stay here a while longer in case we have any more questions . 
 besides that , you 're safe from eenli here , '' i added , squeezing her hand , `` just like i promised . '' 
 but more than that , if we ever decided to use her as bait , she 'd be readily available . 
 callous , i know , but innocent lives came before this one woman . 
 sometimes bad things had to be done to facilitate peace . 
 `` i 'll see that you 're fed and moved to a comfortable room . 
 all right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said reluctantly . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` you did real good , sahara . 
 i 'm proud of you . '' 
 cupping her jaw , i inched upward and slowly brought my lips to hers . 
 she immediately opened her mouth to deepen the kiss , but i kept it sweet , gentle , breathing in her scent and she mine . 
 feeling her softness , and she mine . 
 she was a sad girl with a sad life , but she was n't evil . 
 `` you 'll tell me if you remember anything else , wo n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 i stood and stepped away , my fingers coasting over her jaw as i did . 
 giving her one last , lingering glance , i moved toward the door . 
 `` wait , '' she called . 
 she too stood , the chair skidding behind her . 
 i did n't turn fully , but glanced over my shoulder . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` eden black . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` alien assassin . 
 do n't worry . 
 iwill take care of eenli . '' 
 her `` thank you '' echoed in my ears as the door closed behind me . 
 chapter 6 blanketing my features to reveal nothing , i sauntered into the observation room . 
 lucius sat alone . 
 ren had probably bailed the moment i 'd stepped out of interrogation . 
 either that or lucius had kicked him out , not wanting an audience for what was about to happen . 
 i remained in the open doorway , taking in the scene and allowing my anticipation to unfurl . 
 lucius occupied the only chair , his gaze locked with mine , his legs splayed out in front of him , his arms locked behind his neck . 
 never had a man appeared more relaxed and at ease . 
 he pushed a button on a remote he held , and the holoscreen went blank , blocking out sahara 's image . 
 `` close the door , '' he said in that rough , gravelly voice of his . 
 i caught a hint of fury in the undertone . 
 not so relaxed , after all . 
 a shiver trekked down my spine as i continued to stare over at the man , at my unwanted partner . 
 i wanted to hear him say `` please , '' but knew there was a better chance of eenli 's head falling from the sky like manna . 
 i stepped inside , causing the double doors to slide closed automatically . 
 lucius tossed the remote on the floor . 
 with every second that passed , something ... murderous grew in his eyes , a gleam that belied his casual pose yet fit perfectly with his tone . 
 feigning my own sense of nonchalance , i leaned one shoulder against the wall . 
 `` we 're alone now , sparkie . 
 was there something you wanted to say to me ? 
 something you needed to do ? '' 
 his gaze slitted , blocking every hint of color from those ice-blue lasers . 
 he remained very still . 
 `` tsk , tsk . 
 you know that 's not the required position . '' 
 i showed no mercy . 
 still he remained standing . 
 `` you lost . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` drop to your knees . '' 
 `` why do n't you make this interesting , '' he gritted out , `` and take off your pants ? '' 
 his words supplied an image of him kneeling between my naked legs . 
 i stopped a shiver before it could form . 
 my brows winged up . 
 `` you reneging ? '' 
 very slowly , he eased to his feet , inching his big body higher and higher . 
 i gave my cuticles my attention . 
 i heard his teeth grind together , even thought i heard his jawbone crack . 
 i flicked him an insouciant glance and patted my mouth to smother a fake yawn . 
 that murderous gleam had branched from his eyes and now consumed his expression . 
 his black clothes rustled as he moved to his knees . 
 i studied my cuticles again , waiting , my breath suspended , the casual pretense the only thing keeping me from gaping . 
 `` you did a. . . 
 good job , '' he ground out . 
 when the last word left his mouth , he sprang up . 
 he wiped the dust from his knees , keeping his gaze locked with mine . 
 i had n't thought he 'd do it . 
 what a puzzle he was . 
 i could have nodded , said nothing , and saved him at least a hint of his stubborn pride . 
 i could have ... but i did n't . 
 `` do n't ever underestimate me again . 
 you 'll end up on your knees every time . '' 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth , but did n't reply . 
 `` next time , research your suspect before you interrogate her . 
 that 's where you went wrong . '' 
 his entire face bloomed red-in embarrassment , in renewed fury . 
 renewed ? 
 no . 
 i doubted he 'd ever lost the first batch of fury . 
 he did n't like losing , but more importantly , he did n't like losing to me . 
 a spoiled princess . 
 well , too damn bad . 
 he 'd gotten the best of me from the moment we 'd met , so i intended to savor this victory . 
 `` you were doomed to fail before you even stepped foot into interrogation . 
 i tried to tell you , but you would n't listen . 
 you refused to consider the possibility that i might know something you did n't . 
 well , guess what ? 
 i 'd followed her for days . 
 i knew her , knew everything about her . 
 your silly pride cost you this war . '' 
 `` war ? '' 
 he chuckled , the sound devoid of humor . 
 `` that was only a minor skirmish , cookie . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` big talk for a loser . '' 
 lucius stalked a menacing step toward me . 
 `` you did good , all right . 
 there . 
 that 's twice i 've told you . 
 i meant it then , i mean it now . 
 but one day we 'll have a reckoning , you and i. '' i moved toward him , closing even more of the gap , a rush of adrenaline quickening the blood flow through my veins . 
 `` i do believe we will-if one of us does n't kill the other first . '' 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you , eden . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 `` killing is optional . 
 after . '' 
 my nostrils flared as i closed the remaining distance . 
 i was excited , i admit it . 
 our noses touched , and my beaded ni ** les pushed into his chest . 
 his breath fanned my lips , brushing every crevice . 
 the scent of cinnamon and honey instantly enveloped us . 
 our heated exchange was playing havoc with my hormones . 
 `` you 'll never have me . '' 
 lucius never turned his attention from me . 
 `` get a new goddamn perfume ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 i blinked , felt a glimmer of satisfaction . 
 `` why ? 
 does this one bother you ? '' 
 he ran his tongue over teeth and flatly refused to answer . 
 `` do you even give a shit about this case ? 
 do you want to know what we have on jonathan parker or not ? '' 
 i stalked away from lucius and to the door , opened it wide , and called for ren . 
 when he appeared , i said , `` make sahara rose comfortable . 
 and be nice to her . '' 
 ren flicked lucius a nervous glance , then rushed off to do as he was told . 
 i did n't turn around but remained braced at the entrance . 
 `` what do you know about parker ? '' 
 feigning nonchalance , i rebound my hair . 
 `` i 'll tell you about him over lunch , '' he said , relish in his tone . 
 he liked knowing something i did n't . 
 he liked choosing when and where he 'd tell me . 
 since he 'd gotten on his knees for me , i gave him this victory . 
 just barely . 
 `` i was just about to suggest that , '' i said with a faux casual shrug . 
 at my easy compliance , his lips dipped in a frown . 
 he 'd expected a fight , i know . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 too many ears . '' 
 `` we 'll need the keys to the hummer . '' 
 `` i pocketed them , '' he said , dangling the set from his fingers . 
 my hands tightened at my sides . 
 i did n't like that he 'd thought that far ahead and i had n't . 
 i strode from the room without a word , knowing he followed directly behind me . 
 as we left the farmhouse , i had the last laugh , however . 
 several men whistled and waved good-bye to `` agent luscious . '' 
 lucius purchased half a dozen drive-thru burritos and tossed the sack into my lap . 
 i held them without complaint as he drove for over an hour . 
 finally , he eased into a hidden thicket located in a richly treed patch of land-privately owned land that was well watered . 
 he cut the locks off the gate and sneaked us inside . 
 both of us , i noticed , continually checked the mirrors , making sure we were n't followed by anyone . 
 the fewer who knew our business , the less chance there was of leaks . 
 he told the car to park , grabbed the sack , and said , `` we 'll eat now , then talk . '' 
 i caught the burrito he carelessly flung my way and ate what i could , but my appetite had yet to fully return . 
 plus , i preferred sweet , sugary foods . 
 always had . 
 i often wondered what type of food grew on raka , what i 'd be eating if i was there . 
 it was sad that i did n't know much about my own people or my home planet . 
 there simply were n't many rakans left here to ask , hunted as we were . 
 michael once hired a rakan tutor for me , but that had lasted less than six months . 
 the man had taken a day off and never returned . 
 i knew the planet had two small suns , three large moons , and massive amounts of water . 
 i knew there had never been a war , the crime rate was low , and the penalty for any crime was death . 
 i knew the entire population was ruled by an iron-willed dictator and that many rakans had left simply to escape him . 
 is that why my parents had left ? 
 i so would have loved to ask them . 
 to know them . 
 they 'd been taken from me so suddenly . 
 singing me to sleep one minute , lying in pools of their own blood the next . 
 murdered . 
 obliterated . 
 i missed them more than i could ever say . 
 leaning back in my seat , i waited patiently while lucius consumed the thick , greasy wraps . 
 he chewed slowly , sensually , like a man who savored every bite . 
 i watched the way his mouth and throat moved in harmony , and unbidden images of him partaking ofme invaded my mind . 
 i forced my attention to the window . 
 apparently , he did n't like my change of focus . 
 `` let 's take a walk , '' he said , throwing the last wrapper in the back seat with the others . 
 we exited on our respective sides . 
 lush , green trees filled the entire area , providing a luxurious shade . 
 i stashed my hat and sunglasses on the car 's dash . 
 fresh , vibrant air wrapped us in a welcome breeze . 
 i 'd traveled the world , many times , but i rarely experienced nature like this . 
 the tranquil area surprised me . 
 `` new dallas has been under a dry spell since eenli and his men arrived . 
 how is this glen possible ? '' 
 `` michael keeps it well watered , '' lucius said , reaching my side . 
 my eyes narrowed , and i experienced a spark of anger that lucius knew something about my father that i did n't ... until i recalled that michaelhad told me about buying a patch of land in new dallas . 
 i 'd forgotten . 
 he owned so much land . 
 now , if i could just get him to tell me about lucius . 
 `` so what 's your real name , o man of many identities ? 
 i seriously doubt it 's lucius . '' 
 `` i have a lot of names , '' he answered vaguely . 
 we walked slowly , keeping pace beside each other , zigzagging through the thick trees and branches . 
 leaves and twigs snapped beneath our feet . 
 `` i realize that , '' i said . 
 `` but i want to know yourreal name . '' 
 he glanced down at me . 
 `` i 'll give you three guesses . '' 
 `` we 're alone , and there 's no chance of anyone listening in on our conversation . 
 you can tell me . '' 
 `` maybe i only tell women i 've seen naked . '' 
 `` is your name bastard ? '' 
 i fluttered my lashes at him . 
 `` wrong . '' 
 a hint of amusement laced his tone . 
 `` only two guesses left . '' 
 frowning , i stopped and stomped my foot . 
 when i realized what i had done , my frown intensified . 
 i hated when i reverted to my old princess ways . 
 `` that was n't a true guess , so you ca n't count it . '' 
 `` too bad , '' he said , never slowing . 
 `` i am . '' 
 my frown became a scowl , and i jumped back into motion . 
 `` forget it . 
 do n't tell me . '' 
 `` i was n't going to . 
 but now that i have your permission not to , i feel so much better , '' he said , sarcasm dripping from each word . 
 `` you are such a jerk . '' 
 a teasing light sparkled in his eyes , softening his entire face . 
 `` my mother always told me women like mysterious men . 
 if i tell you , i 'll lose my mystery . '' 
 `` you have a mother ? '' 
 i had n't meant the question to sound so shocked , but the words whipped out of my mouth before i could stop them . 
 `` yes , i had a mother . 
 i did n't get much time with her , but she was very real . 
 what , did you think i 'd been spawned magically from fairy dust ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i thought you 'd been spawned magically from the devil . '' 
 he laughed , the sound rich and husky and so inherently sensual my blood warmed . 
 `` you read my file , '' i said , `` so you saw that i 'm eden f. black . 
 tell me your real name , and i 'll tell you what the f. stands for . '' 
 i frowned again when i realized i was skirting around the need to beg him for the information . 
 why the hell did i even care about his name ? 
 i wondered . 
 the answer eluded me , but the fact remained that idid care . 
 i had to know . 
 `` that 'd be a good bargain if i were even remotely interested in knowing your middle name . '' 
 my hands clenched at my sides as lucius quickened his pace . 
 he did n't dart a glance behind him to see if i followed . 
 after a moment , i did . 
 i was too curious to wait behind and play games . 
 besides , i did n't want him to know how much his lack of interest in my name bothered me . 
 when i caught up , he said , `` you ready to talk business ? '' 
 `` always , '' i ground out . 
 `` jonathan parker is old money , just like sahara rose said . 
 i did a job here in new dallas a few years ago . 
 jonathan 's brother was abducting other-worlder children , as well as human children , and forcing them to-perform with each other . '' 
 our eyes met in a moment of unspoken understanding . 
 child p ** n ography . 
 i 'd seen a lot of evil , but crimes committed against children always disgusted and infuriated me most . 
 `` you completed your job , i hope . '' 
 we both knew i was asking him if he 'd killed the brother . 
 `` with relish , '' he said . 
 `` slowly and painfully . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 very good . 
 `` the point is , only a few people-very few people , at that-are allowed into jonathan 's life . 
 we can capture him , but he wo n't talk under torture . 
 his brother did n't . 
 that means we have to gain his trust , get into his inner circle . '' 
 the catch in his tone warned me of impending ire on my part . 
 i would have missed it , but i was extremely focused on everything about this man . 
 `` by we , you mean - '' `` me . 
 i 'm already in . '' 
 of course . 
 every muscle in my body clenched . 
 `` he knows me as hunter leonn , '' lucius said , `` the wealthy , pampered son of a dead onadyn smuggler . '' 
 `` hunter , '' i said , playing the name across my tongue . 
 `` cute . 
 nice irony . 
 i also like the pampered part . 
 you make a lovely spoiled little prince . '' 
 i jerked a hand down my ponytail . 
 `` so you want me to sit back and watch you do the job , i guess . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 moving his head left and right , he popped in the bones in his neck . 
 when he spoke again , he broke down the situation like i was a child . 
 `` i go in as hunter . 
 you 'll go in after me as bait . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so ... who am i to become ? '' 
 `` yourself . 
 you 're a raka , a rarity . 
 your people have been hunted for their skin and are now nearly extinct . 
 we ca n't change your identity . 
 more than that , michael is high-profile . 
 most believe he 's a wealthy weapons dealer , and too many people know you as his daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm with you . '' 
 michael purposefully cultivated his image as a weapons dealer . 
 after taking a job with the government , he 'd needed a good cover , something that offered mass appeal to criminals and distanced him from his true identity . 
 `` wait , '' i said after a moment 's thought . 
 `` eenli used to work for michael . 
 if i go in as myself , he 'll suspect i 'm an agent . 
 he 'll know michael is protecting me . '' 
 `` he wo n't know about me , however , and that 's the important thing . 
 from everything i 've read on him , i think he 'll find it amusing to steal an agent . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i 'm on board . '' 
 `` good . 
 we 're going to spread the word that eden black is moving to new dallas . 
 you 're getting old , anyway , so you need a place of your own . '' 
 i sucked in a breath , the scent of sun , pine , and blooming flowers taunting me with their vibrant freshness . 
 i glared up at him . 
 a good motivation , yes , but not something i wanted to hear . 
 `` actually , we 'll tell people you 're moving out to escape a stalker . 
 does that suit your vanity ? '' 
 i punched his arm . 
 `` you 've acted as an other-worlder interpreter for michael in the past , '' he said , rubbing the bruised muscle . 
 `` we 'll find out which high-powered humans are in need of an other-worlder interpreter . 
 as their employee , you 'll have to attend parties and political functions , and that will put you in contact with parker . 
 and me . 
 your stalker . '' 
 he eyed me up and down , lingering on my br ** sts . 
 `` think you can handle it ? '' 
 a wave of awareness battled with a flood of irritation . 
 i ignored his stupid question , already making a mental list of the things i needed to do . 
 rent an apartment here . 
 obtain a new wardrobe . 
 recondition my feet to high heels . 
 `` i 'll work my way back into jonathan 's circle , '' he said , `` and mention that i met you , learned you were moving here , and followed . 
 i 'll let him know that i wanted you , pursued you , but you turned me down . '' 
 `` that wo n't be difficult , since it 's the truth . '' 
 `` shut up and listen . '' 
 he glared at me . 
 `` you 'll begin attending all the parties , and i 'll play the lovesick fool . '' 
 i opened my mouth to offer another little gem : it was always best to stick to the truth , so we did n't get caught in a lie . 
 he cut me off with , `` you 'll continue to rebuff me . 
 hard . 
 i 'll grow more desperate . '' 
 `` i see where this is leading , '' i said . 
 `` after i turn you down , you 'll place an order for me . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 other men will probably want you too , if not jonathan himself . 
 either way therewill be an order placed for you , and you 'll be taken . 
 all you have to do is let them take you . '' 
 i nodded my head in approval . 
 `` i like it . 
 how are we going to proceed after that ? '' 
 `` i 'll buy you , whatever the cost , then purchase us passage to another planet , where i will claim that i can keep you without worrying about legalities . '' 
 `` and once we know how they 're planet-hopping , we strike . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 you 're going to need new clothes , '' he said , giving me another intense perusal , a perusal that stripped away my clothes and devoured the naked body underneath . 
 when his eyes reached my br ** sts , my ni ** les hardened . 
 when they reached my stomach , my belly quivered . 
 when they reached the apex of my thighs , a flood of warmth pooled there . 
 `` i 'd already thought of that , '' i said , my voice hoarse , dry . 
 `` i 'm still known as michael 's spoiled , reclusive daughter . 
 i know how to dress the part . '' 
 `` good . 
 because a sophisticated interpreter would not wear '' - he gestured to my scuffed leather pants and hiking boots - `` whatever it is you 're wearing . '' 
 `` thank you for the fashion advice , sparkie . 
 i 've always wanted a pierced , tattooed , bleached-out muscle boy to tell me how inept my fashion sense is . '' 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` go to michael . 
 tell him - '' `` i know what to do . '' 
 i arched a brow . 
 `` can you say the same ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 smart-ass . 
 like i said , i 'm going to renew my acquaintance with jonathan . 
 give me three weeks before you show up . 
 but no later , you hear me ? 
 three weeks . '' 
 i batted my lashes at him and walked my fingers across his chest . 
 `` why , lucius adaire , aka hunter leonn and bastard extraordinaire . 
 i do believe you 're going to miss me . '' 
 `` no , baby doll , but you 're going to miss me . '' 
 with no more warning than that , he jerked me into the hardness of his body , his lips instantly slanting over mine . 
 his tongue thrust into my mouth , deep and probing . 
 i moaned at the pleasure of it , at the heady flavor of him , and sank deeper into his embrace . 
 i did n't protest , though i knew i should have . 
 no , i tangled my tongue with his . 
 my teeth banged into his . 
 i gripped his head and held him to me . 
 i think i had wanted this since the first time i saw him . 
 his arms felt like steel bands as they wrapped around me . 
 his palms splayed out over my back and dipped lower ... and lower ... cupping my butt and pressing me into his erection . 
 i spread my legs for better contact . 
 even through his clothing i could feel the long length of him , the thickness . 
 i 'd never craved a man like i craved him.you do n't like him , remember ? 
 so what , my body responded . 
 i 'd have him and get him out of my system . 
 out of my mind . 
 the fragrance of honey and flowers seeped from me , surrounding us as surely as the trees , billowing sweetly in the wind . 
 i did n't panic at the telltale sign this time . 
 i welcomed it . 
 the intoxicating scent blended with the pine soap scent of lucius , creating an intoxicating aphrodisiac . 
 with his hands still cupping me , he lifted me up . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist as he backed me up against a thick tree trunk . 
 the bark bit past my shirt , but i did n't care . 
 `` you 've been driving me crazy , cookie . '' 
 his voice whispered huskily along the column of my neck , making the nickname sound like an endearment . 
 i did n't comment . 
 i was incapable of speech . 
 all i could think about was stripping him naked and impaling myself on him . 
 riding him hard and fast . 
 and often . 
 `` it 's that mouth of yours , '' he continued . 
 he nipped at my jaw , ran his teeth along my earlobe . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about it . 
 i hate it . 
 ishould hate it . '' 
 as i panted , i forced myself to find my voice . 
 `` do you like my mouth better when it tells you to kiss me again ? '' 
 i said rawly . 
 `` when it tells you to take off your clothes because i want to see you naked ? '' 
 he groaned . 
 my ni ** les pebbled , and i rubbed them against his chest , wishing we were already naked , wishing he was already inside me . 
 it was n't him i needed , i assured myself . 
 just sex . 
 only sex . 
 instead of stripping me , he whipped away from me . 
 my legs dropped to the ground . 
 `` damn it , '' he growled , tangling a hand in his hair . 
 `` this is n't the time or place . '' 
 several seconds passed before i found my equilibrium . 
 when i did , his rejection nearly gouged me . 
 more than his rejection , however , i resented his ability to stop what he 'd started when i would have eagerly gone the rest of the way . 
 even though he was right . 
 we both had jobs to do , and getting sexually involved right now was foolish . 
 my eyes narrowed as fury rained through my blood , fury with myself for allowing him to distract me . 
 `` touch me again , and michael will have one less employee . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 lucius remained silent for a long while , watching me , studying my face . 
 obviously , he did n't like my threat . 
 very deliberately , he reached out and palmed one of my br ** sts , tracing his fingertips around the nipple . 
 i did n't stop him , but i would n't back down or show weakness . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he said , his eyes slitting to match mine . 
 `` you fear you 'll die from pleasure ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 'll die . 
 and not from pleasure . 
 see , i 'll take this knife , '' i patted the blade strapped next to his pride and joy , `` and play a little pocket pool . '' 
 he disengaged from me completely and frowned . 
 the lines around his mouth went taut , and a fire kindled in his usually arctic eyes . 
 `` that 's the second threat you 've made against my dick . '' 
 `` threat ? '' 
 i laughed , the sound hollow . 
 `` oh , no , sparkie . 
 it 's a promise . 
 and will be a pleasure . '' 
 `` just so long as you 'll play with it , i guess i do n't care what you do . 
 but you 'll have to be patient and wait until after the mission . '' 
 my hand twitched with the urge to blacken his eye . 
 maybe break his nose . 
 `` i usually do n't have a temper , '' i said , `` but you push me past every boundary . '' 
 `` two weeks , '' he said gutturally , as if i 'd never spoken . 
 `` i want you back here in two weeks . '' 
 `` you said three earlier . '' 
 `` two weeks , '' he repeated . 
 `` or i 'll hunt you down , and we 'll finish this . '' 
 threat or promise ? 
 god help me , but i foolishly hoped the latter . 
 chapter 7 sharp , agonizing pain consumed me . 
 my body tensed against the assault it was even now enduring . 
 oh , god . 
 i 'd survived the extraction of copper bullets . 
 i 'd survived grenade blasts and c4 explosions . 
 but this ... the pain was too sharp , too acute , spreading from one section of my body to another . 
 fists clenched , eyes squeezed shut , i screamed , emitting a raspy sound more animal than human . 
 my throat had already endured several similar screams in the past half-hour and now felt raw , aching . 
 if only my knives were nearby . 
 my guns . 
 anything ! 
 but i was unarmed . 
 i lay on a flat , white table , gripping the edges . 
 i was vulnerable , exposed . 
 `` i 'm ready to do the other leg , '' the woman responsible for my torment said . 
 the diabolical , evil devil incarnate herself : the esthetician . 
 `` no , '' i gritted out . 
 `` like hell you are . '' 
 years ago , i 'd had this done every month . 
 i 'd worn nothing but designer clothes , had always looked expensive and sophisticated . 
 what a lifetime ago that seemed . 
 `` getting one leg waxed was bad enough . 
 you 're not touching my other leg . '' 
 `` big baby , '' she mumbled , gathering her supplies . 
 long blond hair cascaded down her shoulders , framing a delicate , elfin face . 
 she was a wisp of a woman , just under five feet , with fragile bones and a tiny frame . 
 her angel face hid the beast inside . 
 i could snap her neck like a twig-and laugh joyously while doing so . 
 over the years i 'd killed more people than i could count . 
 big baby ? 
 me ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 `` better be careful what you say to me , sweetheart , '' i warned . 
 before she could respond , however , i added darkly , `` just do it . 
 finish . 
 and hurry . '' 
 my tormentor 's rose-petal mouth twitched . 
 if the bad guys learned about waxing , they 'd be able to take torture to a whole new level . 
 `` i expected more from you , '' she said with a chuckle , applying warm , oozing , sticky wax to my right leg . 
 in the wake of laser treatments and follicle-killing creams , waxing had become obsolete for humans long ago . 
 unfortunately , such treatments permanently damaged raka skin cells , forcing me to revert to these archaic practices . 
 as my tormentor jerked a strip of tape from my leg , quickly followed by another , and another , i pounded my fist against the table . 
 i forced my thoughts elsewhere . 
 michael had already purchased and furnished an apartment for me in new dallas , though i had yet to see it . 
 i 'd wondered , though-more often than i should have-if lucius had sneaked inside and found the best escape routes and secured any weakened point of entry . 
 most likely . 
 that man would n't leave anything to chance . 
 but more than that , i doubted he trustedme to see to it . 
 he was just like every other agent i knew , thinking women were n't as competent as men . 
 i looked forward to proving them all wrong . 
 most importantly , i looked forward to proving lucius wrong . 
 lucius ... his picture formed in my mind . 
 cheekbones cut from glass . 
 aquiline nose . 
 piercing ice-blue eyes . 
 even in my mind , he regarded me with something akin to superiority . 
 god , i despised him . 
 i desired him . 
 i hated him . 
 i craved him . 
 my teeth bit into my bottom lip . 
 i had n't seen him in seven days . 
 i missed him . 
 yes , i hated him . 
 with one kiss , he 'd consumed my mind , my good intentions , my common sense . 
 he 'd taken my sanity and scorched me to the core , somehow branding his name into my every cell . 
 most days , i thought of nothing but him . 
 i saw his face when i bathed . 
 i heard his voice when i slept . 
 i felt his heat when i walked . 
 in the whole of my life , i 'd had two lovers . 
 neither of them had affected me so strongly . 
 so deeply . 
 and that lucius did , a man i wanted out of my life at the earliest possible moment , irritated me . 
 yet i still wanted to see him again . 
 i hungered for the sight of him . 
 and my hunger had nothing to do with the case . 
 what was he doing right now ? 
 what was he thinking ? 
 had i passed through his mind even once?stop it , eden . 
 just stop . 
 lucius 's thoughts did n't matter . 
 all that mattered was that he 'd renewed his acquaintance with jonathan parker and that our plan ran smoothly . 
 `` there , '' the esthetician said . 
 `` your legs are finally done . 
 that was n't so bad , was it ? '' 
 `` a knife woundis n't so bad , '' i grumbled and sat up . 
 my gaze traveled the length of my legs , examining the supple , golden skin . 
 `` being chained to a wall and awaiting my enemy 's arrivalis n't so bad . '' 
 she uttered a humorous snort . 
 `` you 're acting just like a man . 
 no , actually , most men would at least pretend to be tough . '' 
 `` go ahead . 
 laugh it up . '' 
 i smiled darkly , leaning close . 
 `` but make sure you sleep with a weapon tonight . '' 
 unperturbed , she returned my smile . 
 `` we have n't even done the bikini area yet . '' 
 i scowled . 
 twenty minutes later , she laughingly waved me away . 
 `` i have never heard so much screaming . '' 
 i grabbed up my pants and tugged them on . 
 then-god , would the torture never end ? 
 - i strapped on a pair of high heels . 
 my feet had grown used to boots . 
 i stalked -lrb- okay , hobbled and stumbled -rrb- from the room . 
 with the torturous waxing complete , i spent the rest of the day inside my room being fitted for a new wardrobe . 
 my feet ached constantly . 
 i did n't mind wearing dress suits and flowing gowns , as long as they hid my weapons . 
 i wouldnot go without protection for any reason . 
 ever . 
 the shoes , though ... `` do n't forget , '' i said to the seamstress , `` to make room for my weapons . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and knelt at my side , sticking her pins in the ice blue material . 
 `` you want me to add a codpiece , too ? '' 
 i leveled an irritated stare at her . 
 `` only if you can make it extra large . '' 
 did no one find me menacing ? 
 damn it , my hands were stained with blood ; i 'd spent my lifekilling people . 
 `` funny , '' she said dryly . 
 `` i 've worked for michael for many years . 
 i know the drill . '' 
 i at last found myself alone , but it did n't last . 
 i did n't have time to change or sprawl across the bed before michael knocked on the door . 
 `` enter . '' 
 the door slid open , and he entered hesitantly . 
 `` do n't hurt me , '' he said , tiptoeing to the seat by the window and sinking into the plump gold cushions . 
 laughing , i removed my shoes and tossed them on the floor with a thump . 
 relief ! 
 `` i ca n't believe i used to do this stuff all the time . 
 fittings , waxings . 
 high heels . '' 
 `` i remember those days . '' 
 he grinned fondly and leaned his head against the chair 's edge . 
 `` so how are you feeling ? '' 
 i eased into the white velvet settee across from him . 
 my dress puffed around me . 
 the seamstress had given me orders to remove it and hang it the moment she left . 
 i took a small bit of pleasure in disobeying . 
 `` i feel like the pampered princess i 've always been accused of being . '' 
 he slid a long , thick cigar from his jacket pocket and placed the tip in his mouth . 
 he did n't light it yet but savored the flavor as he studied me . 
 `` i meant , how are your injuries ? 
 i 'm worried about you , sweetie . '' 
 `` one hundred percent healed . '' 
 his brows winged up , and his eyes gleamed with doubt . 
 `` not even a slight twinge of pain or weakness ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , total deadpan . 
 i did n't feel guilty about lying to michael about my lack of injury . 
 i wasalmost one hundred percent . 
 but i did n't want him to worry about me . 
 or worse , doubt me . 
 the cigar rolled between his fingers as he said , `` would you tell me if there were ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 another grin lit his features . 
 `` that 's what i thought . 
 stubborn , girl . 
 that 's what you are , and that 's what you 've always been . '' 
 his smile faded slightly . 
 `` you know , i never wanted you to be an agent . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , my tone soft . 
 `` you came and asked me to let you train , and i. . . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i just wanted you to learn how to protect yourself . 
 your kind is hunted . 
 and my kind , well , you could have been abducted and used to get to me . 
 i wanted you prepared . 
 you proved stubborn , though , and would n't let me keep you behind the scenes . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` i remember how you had me play doctor to injured agents to show me exactly what kind of pain i was asking for . 
 ` see the blood , ' you said . 
 ` see the pain in his eyes because that 's what you 'll get if you choose this line of work . ' '' 
 `` but you never wavered . '' 
 there was pride in his voice . 
 `` no . 
 i never wavered . 
 i wanted you to see me as strong and capable . 
 like your men . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i love that you trust me now , that you 've given me another chance . 
 i do n't think i can ever express just what that means to me . '' 
 michael pushed to his feet and strode to the mini-bar . 
 i insisted one be installed for my own personal use in every one of his homes . 
 sometimes it was the only way i could relax . 
 `` you 're my daughter , '' he said . 
 `` no matter what blood runs through your veins , you 're my daughter and i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 silence settled around us for several minutes before he said laughingly , `` what kind of killers are we , having such a mush fest ? '' 
 after clipping the end of his cigar , he claimed the nearest lighter and puffed . 
 smoke soon billowed around him . 
 cigarettes and cigars were illegal because they were air pollutants . 
 but michael lived in a world where he followed no rules but his own . 
 he poured a scotch . 
 `` want one ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . '' 
 he handed me the glass , and my fingers wrapped tightly around the cool container . 
 he poured another . 
 sipping , i reveled in the way the smooth liquid warmed me and erased the twinges in my arm and side . 
 `` have you ever dealt with jonathan parker ? '' 
 this was the first chance we 'd had to talk business . 
 `` from a distance . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see your files on him . '' 
 `` of course . 
 they 're in the study . '' 
 i did n't bother with shoes , but went barefoot . 
 i took my drink with me . 
 god knows , i needed it . 
 i felt more on edge today than i had in a long time . 
 silently , we strode down the stairs , past oriental vases , metal sculptures of gods and goddesses , and the trickling rock waterfall he 'd had built into one of the walls . 
 when the sealed door to the study sensed our presence , it opened automatically . 
 the cleaning crew had already left , so we were alone and did n't need to worry about prying eyes . 
 `` sit , '' he said , indicating a dark brown leather recliner with a tilt of his head . 
 `` relax . '' 
 i obeyed without hesitation , resting in the chair across from his desk . 
 i breathed in the familiar scent of leather . 
 he padded to that desk , rested his cigar in an ashtray , and palmed a remote . 
 he pressed a series of buttons , dimming the lights and causing a holoscreen to materialize over the far wall . 
 a man 's image flashed into focus . 
 human , thirty-something . 
 pale hair , a long aristocratic nose . 
 thin lips , but a handsome visage nevertheless . 
 arrogant brown eyes regarded the world with a nothing-can-hurt-me gleam . 
 even with the warnings about the sun 's dangerous rays , jonny boy obviously spent a lot of time outside . 
 his skin was deeply tanned and lined more than it should have been . 
 an aura of self-importance enveloped him . 
 i disliked him already . 
 `` does he like women or men ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he likes power . '' 
 `` typical . '' 
 `` he 's been married three times . 
 the first wife died in a car accident . '' 
 michael pressed another button , and the image of a gorgeous young woman filled the screen . 
 black hair , green eyes . 
 flawless skin . 
 `` her brand-new tires blew . '' 
 `` convenient for him . '' 
 `` the second wife died in a car accident , as well . '' 
 another young woman , this one with silvery white hair and big blue eyes , consumed the screen . 
 `` let me guess . 
 her brand-new tires blew ? '' 
 `` no , her sensors gave out . '' 
 `` what tragic accident befell his third wife ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` amazingly enough , she 's still alive . '' 
 she would n't be for long , i thought . 
 not if jonathan parker had his way . 
 i gazed up at the third wife 's picture . 
 glossy red hair , sparkling brown eyes . 
 a sultry vibe radiated from her . 
 `` obviously parker likes his women young and pretty . 
 too bad they do n't live long . '' 
 i tapped my knee with one finger , smashing the puffed , satin dress . 
 `` there would n't happen to be a hit on him , would there ? '' 
 michael 's entire expression lit with amusement , easing the age lines around his mouth . 
 `` at this time , no , there is n't a hit on parker . '' 
 `` too bad . '' 
 i took another sip of my scotch and savored the rich taste in my mouth for a long while . 
 i wondered what type of persona lucius-a.k.a. hunter-had donned in order to immerse himself in parker 's world . 
 lucius would n't be tattooed . 
 nor would he be pierced . 
 most likely he 'd have to wear a suit and tie , perhaps sport a pair of glasses . 
 a sigh slipped from me as i set my glass on the small table beside me . 
 no matter what persona he used , he 'd be sexy as hell . 
 `` tell me about the man i 'll be interpreting for . '' 
 `` hername is claudia chow , and she 's major player in the alien rights movement . 
 her dedication to other-worlder equality has made her the first human ambassador of alien goodwill . '' 
 he grinned a guess-what-i 've - done-now grin . 
 `` as of now she 's on my payroll . '' 
 `` ambassador of alien goodwill ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` what did you tell her about me ? '' 
 `` only that my daughter desired a change of scenery and needed a new job . 
 i almost could n't convince her to help me . 
 however , the moment she learned her interpreter was a raka , she relented . 
 i think she sees you as a new prize pet she 'll get to parade around and show off . '' 
 `` i can hardly wait , '' i said , my sarcasm heavy . 
 he pointed a finger at me . 
 `` do n't you dare kill her . '' 
 all innocence , i blinked over at him . 
 `` give me some credit . 
 i do know how to use restraint when the situation warrants it . '' 
 a teasing light glowed in his eyes . 
 `` i thought so , too , until i saw you with lucius . 
 you 're ... different around him . 
 why is that ? '' 
 `` that man - '' my hands clenched . 
 michael was right . 
 iwas different with lucius . 
 more emotional . 
 lustful . 
 on edge . 
 why ? 
 i did n't understand and could n't answer michael 's question . 
 `` you trust him completely ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 slowly he frowned . 
 `` i never would have paired you with him otherwise . '' 
 michael lifted his cigar , rolling it between his fingers and causing smoke to waft around his hand . 
 `` this is a good plan the two of you have put together . '' 
 `` him . 
 not me . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` i wish i could take credit . '' 
 as soon as i spoke , i realized how true those words were and how great my bitterness . 
 i might desire lucius , but i resented him , too . 
 this assignment should have belonged to me , and me alone . 
 not lucius . 
 yet so far he was moving the pieces of the game on his own . 
 was it wrong of me to feel that way ? 
 yes . 
 did that matter ? 
 no . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` sweetie , you 've been injured . 
 do n't be so hard on yourself . 
 it 's not a competition between you and lucius . '' 
 yes , it was . 
 sometimes i felt like i was in competition with the entire world . 
 i wanted to be the best . 
 always . 
 at everything . 
 `` go get some rest , eden . 
 we 'll talk more tomorrow . '' 
 no point in arguing . 
 i planned to go to bed as he 'd suggested , i just did n't plan on resting . 
 there was something i needed to do first . 
 i pushed to my feet , closed the distance between us , and kissed his stubbled cheek . 
 `` good night , '' i told him . 
 he eyed me suspiciously , since he was n't used to me obeying his orders . 
 `` love you . '' 
 i patted the cheek i 'd kissed and strolled to the sanctity of my room . 
 my feet sank into the rug as i skidded around a gold lamp and into my closet . 
 i changed out of my dress and into a black shirt and a pair of black pants . 
 i put on boots , not heels , and crawled atop the velvet green comforter . 
 moonlight drizzled through the curtains , and the sounds of the night seeped from wall speakers , offering a lazy , almost sultry tune . 
 crickets hummed , and cars zoomed . 
 i closed my eyes against the programmed noise . 
 i was going spirit-walking . 
 chapter 8 keeping my eyes closed , i internalized my focus to the deepest part of myself , gathering my energy there . 
 warmth soon churned inside my stomach , leaving the rest of my body cold . 
 determinedly i began to push that energy forward with mental hands , the weight of flesh separating from the etherealness of soul . 
 a cracking sound filled my ears . 
 slowly , so slowly , my spirit rose out of my body . 
 though the feat had become easier over the years , such a disconnection-for that was exactly what it was-required intense concentration and strength . 
 i 'd wanted to visit lucius so many times this past week , but had resisted . 
 he 'd called every night to give me a progress report , and every night i 'd waited in anticipation of that call . 
 too much anticipation . 
 by resisting seeing him , i had proved to myself that i did n'tneed to see him . 
 he was n't a necessity . 
 i had myself under control , and my defenses against him were well fortified . 
 so what that i 'd thought about him constantly today . 
 i took immense delight in the fact that he 'd never know i had visited him . 
 we were located in different states , but that did n't matter . 
 i 'd find him . 
 usually i had to be within a mile or so of my target because i had to walk the actual distance to reach him . 
 that had never been the case with michael , who i could reach anywhere , anytime . 
 after my kiss with lucius , i knew it would not be the case with him either . 
 with my spirit freed completely , i became suspended in a place between reality and death , experiencing only an ephemeral lightness . 
 i stood at the edge of the bed and stared down at my physical body . 
 even though i 'd done this countless times before , i always experienced shock when i saw myself lying on the bed-there , but not really there . 
 the first time my spirit exited my body had been an accident . 
 i 'd been a little girl , only four years old , and had just discovered my parents ' lifeless bodies sprawled in blood . 
 in my bedroom . 
 i 'd run from them , run outside screaming for help . 
 michael had scooped me up and carried me back inside , to the nearest room . 
 my parents ' room . 
 he 'd placed me in their bed , said , `` stay here . 
 do n't move . 
 i 'll take care of them , '' then raced away to do just that . 
 while i 'd lain there , sobbing violently , i 'd heard a cracking noise , like something breaking apart . 
 at the time , i 'd figured it was my heart . 
 but the next thing i knew , i looked down and saw myself . 
 i barely had time to rationalize what had happened before i floated to another room , to michael . 
 he 'd never known i was there , never known i watched him . 
 he 'd been in my bedroom , the bodies and blood gone-as if they 'd never been there . 
 michael drank himself into oblivion that night , his hands shaking , what he 'd seen almost too much for him to bear . 
 later , he told me the killer had been a man who 'd intended to rob the house . 
 he also told me he 'd killed the bastard for me . 
 i 'd spirit-walked many times after that , each time beginning and ending of its own accord . 
 my rakan tutor had vaguely mentioned that some of our kind had this ability , but he himself had n't , so he had n't known how to teach me . 
 over the years , however , i 'd honed the skill . 
 i now controlled every aspect : when , where , how long . 
 i 'd never told anyone . 
 not even michael , though i loved him more than anyone else in the world . 
 i wanted him to see me as human as possible , i guess , like a real daughter . 
 i 'd almost told him once , after he 'd gifted me with the car i 'd begged him to buy me . 
 in the end , i had n't wanted to spoil the moment . 
 others , well , if people learned i left my body unprotected , unguarded , and vulnerable to attack , i 'd fall prey to my enemies . 
 the huntress would become the hunted . 
 with a sigh , i brought myself back to the task at hand . 
 right now my physical body was splayed out like the fairy-tale sleeping beauty . 
 utterly still , golden hair spilling around my shoulders and arms . 
 if not for my shimmering gold skin , i could have easily passed for a human . 
 i closed my eyes and pictured lucius . 
 pictured the hard planes and angles of his face , pictured the silkiness of his lips . 
 the width and sinew of his chest . 
 soon a ghostly wind ruffled my hair . 
 i lost the foundation under my feet . 
 tugged by an invisible cord , my spirit began to move . 
 faster . 
 faster . 
 lights whizzed past me , twinkling in and out of focus . 
 soon a mixture of voices-one a rough but cultured timbre , the other a smooth baritone-gained in volume . 
 i stopped suddenly , abruptly , and gasped . 
 i stood in a study very much like michael 's . 
 i knew beyond a doubt , however , that this was not my father 's . 
 the wood paneling was lighter , the furniture different , more modern . 
 a purple and red lucite column towered over the desk . 
 bookshelves of fuchsia and yellow lined one wall . 
 silver-plated side tables and a faux-fur ottoman occupied a corner . 
 blood red carpet covered the oak floors , and a large portrait of a nude redhead-obviously a natural redhead and jonathan 's third wife-hung over the unlit fireplace . 
 my attention slid to the center of the room . 
 lucius lounged atop a lime green couch , a brandy in one hand and a cigar in the other . 
 he 'd colored his hair again , this time a rich walnut brown . 
 a scar slashed down his right temple . 
 he wore contacts , darkening his ice-blue eyes to the same shade as his hair . 
 as i 'd predicted , the piercings and tattoos were gone . 
 he 'd fit his muscled body into an expensive silk suit . 
 i almost did n't recognize him . 
 his lips gave him away , though . 
 he could n't change the lush , rosy softness of them . 
 i licked my own as a picture flashed through my mind , a picture of him kissing me , devouring me . 
 setting my body aflame . 
 was i destined to always respond to this man ? 
 another man sat across from him . 
 jonathan parker . 
 the self-indulgent , wife-killing playboy . 
 his picture failed to reveal the aura of depravity that encompassed him , a depravity he could n't mask in person . 
 cigar smoke drifted around him as he chuckled devilishly over something lucius had said . 
 `` so you met an other-worlder who fires your blood , did you ? '' 
 jonathan said . 
 he sipped amber liquid from a glass , his feet propped on top of an expensive coffee table . 
 his grin widened , revealing too-white , too-perfect teeth . 
 `` and she 's a raka , at that . '' 
 he sighed wistfully . 
 `` i 'll be honest . 
 i 've always wanted to f ** k a raka . 
 all that gold ... '' `` this one 's mine , '' lucius cut in sharply . 
 his gaze narrowed , leaving no hint of humor . 
 only deadly menace . 
 `` she 's the only reason i came back here . 
 i want her . 
 she 's mine , '' he repeated . 
 leaning back , parker tugged at his earlobe with his free hand . 
 `` that hot , is she ? '' 
 `` she 's fire and ice . 
 lava one minute , glacial the next . 
 and she wo n't have anything to do with me , '' he admitted , losing his darkness and assuming a sheepish quality . 
 `` ah , hunter . 
 i would n't let it worry you . 
 women like to play hard-to-get . 
 they want us to romance them . 
 they 're desperate for it . 
 how else do you think i won each of my wives ? '' 
 `` i thought that was what women wanted , too . 
 i sent her three hundred orchids , and she used them as fertilizer . 
 i bought her a ` vette , and she used it for a crash-test demonstration . 
 i sent her a diamond necklace , and she sent me a restraining order . '' 
 jonathan chuckled . 
 `` if she 's that difficult , why do n't you find someone else ? '' 
 `` i wanther . '' 
 i stepped toward lucius , coasting my fingertips over the buttery soft leather couch . 
 with each step , i imagined his scent , that soapy pine scent i so admired . 
 i even imagined the heat of him.what are you doing ? 
 stop ! 
 lucius 's shoulders tensed slightly . 
 had i not been so focused on him , i would have missed the action . 
 my head tilted as i watched his gaze flicker left and right , as if searching for something-or someone ? 
 a cold shiver racked me , and i paused . 
 there was no way he could see me . 
 right ? 
 was something wrong ? 
 i scanned the room , looking for anything that might have raised his guard . 
 i found nothing out of the ordinary . 
 `` i 'll win her one way or another , '' lucius said , but there was now an edge to his voice that had n't been there before . 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 jonathan did n't act any different . 
 he dropped his head back to stare up at the vaulted ceiling , the action causing the liquid in his glass to slosh . 
 he puffed at his cigar . 
 `` if the woman 's as reluctant as you say , she might not like it that you followed her here . 
 well , beat her here , i should say . '' 
 `` i can guarantee she wo n't like it . '' 
 determination gleamed in his eyes . 
 `` but i 'll persuade her to see things my way , i have no doubt . '' 
 `` you 're confident . '' 
 parker straightened and gazed pointedly over at lucius . 
 `` that 's what i 've always liked about you . 
 nothing dampers your determination . '' 
 lucius nodded in acknowledgment of the compliment . 
 i resumed my journey toward him . 
 i had n't seen him or touched him in a week . 
 it felt like years . 
 the urge had never left me , of course , but now that i was here-well , kind of here-the craving intensified . 
 when i reached him , i allowed my fingers to drift through his hair . 
 i could n't feel the strands , but i imagined their silkiness and wished i could somehow solidify my fingers . 
 the best i could do was gather energy and pushthat through his hair . 
 but such an action required more concentration than i was willing to devote at the moment . 
 besides , parker and lucius might wonder at a sudden breeze . 
 sighing , i moved to caress his jaw . 
 he stiffened , even sucked in a slight hiss of breath . 
 my hand froze in place . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 he should not feel me . 
 not even a little . 
 no one , not even michael , had ever guessed my secret . 
 i hurriedly drew back my hand . 
 `` do you smell cinnamon ? '' 
 lucius asked . 
 my knees nearly buckled in shock . 
 `` no . '' 
 parker 's brow furrowed . 
 he regarded lucius silently for a moment , then tilted his chin and said , `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` fine , just fine , '' lucius said . 
 `` just thinking of eden . 
 she 's likely to spit on me when she realizes i 'm here . '' 
 `` even if she despises you , you 're a lucky man . 
 no woman has ever consumed me like this one does you . '' 
 `` not even your wife ? '' 
 `` which one ? '' 
 parker snorted . 
 `` never mind . 
 which one does n't matter . 
 they were all bitches . '' 
 lucius 's eyebrows descended low over his eyes . 
 `` were ? 
 is n't cybil still alive ? '' 
 `` barely . 
 if i 'm lucky , she 'll soon drug herself to death . '' 
 my focus whipped to parker , darkening . 
 if i 'd had a weapon , i might have used it . 
 such casual disregard for his wife deserved a bit of punishment . 
 `` being consumed by a woman is n't a pleasant experience , '' lucius grumbled . 
 `` i almost wish i 'd never met her . '' 
 there was a ring of truth to his voice that insulted me . 
 turning to face him , my eyes slitted ; i reached out and jerked his hair . 
 childish of me , i know , the actions of a spoiled princess . 
 just like before , he stiffened . 
 i frowned . 
 how was he doing that ? 
 did the connection between us allow him to sense me ? 
 my blood chilled with the thought . 
 i did n't want to be connected to him like that . 
 i gulped and backed away until i stood in the corner , out of reach . 
 out of temptation 's way . 
 `` speaking of eden , '' lucius said , resuming the conversation as if it had never stopped , `` i need you to host a party for me . '' 
 parker grinned slyly . 
 `` one to welcome her to town , perhaps ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 lucius shook his head . 
 `` i do n't want her to know she 's the guest of honor . 
 a political gala will do . 
 a gala that i , of course , will attend . '' 
 `` what about the restraining order ? '' 
 `` the law can kiss my ass . 
 she 's an alien , so she does n't really have rights , does she ? '' 
 parker 's grin widened , and he sipped his brandy . 
 `` who 's your eden working for ? '' 
 `` ambassador claudia chow . '' 
 a heavy pause slithered around the room while parker mulled over his next words . 
 `` i do n't like claudia chow , '' he said . 
 `` and i 'll be honest . 
 i do n't really have the time to host a party . '' 
 it was a lie . 
 i knew it , and lucius knew it . 
 parker was simply hedging for some type of favor . 
 `` i 'll owe you , '' lucius said . 
 head tilting to the side , parker studied him . 
 `` the woman really means that much to you ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 i 'm obsessed with her . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i know she 's a raka , but goddamn . 
 she 's still pu ** y , and you can get that anywhere . 
 tell me again what 's so special about this one . '' 
 a wicked gleam lit lucius 's eyes . 
 `` she 's got a mouth that could suck a man dry . '' 
 yes , a weapon would have been nice . 
 i 'd carve my name in his balls , then drain every drop of his blood so there would be nothing left to suck . 
 `` then , of course , '' jonathan said , `` i 'll take you up on that favor and happily arrange a party where the two of you can renew your acquaintance . '' 
 the two men continued to chat for a while , before finally saying their good-byes . 
 parker walked lucius to the door and with a slap on the shoulder , sent him on his way . 
 lucius was doing his job-quite nicely , too , i grudgingly admitted-so it was best i get some rest so i 'd be in top shape when i joined him . 
 though i wanted to follow him , i closed my eyes and pictured my bedroom . 
 that ghostly wind soon returned , and i felt a strong tug . 
 felt the foundation shift , saw twinkling white lights . 
 within minutes , my spirit glided back into my body , and i opened my eyes . 
 moonlight pushed through the familiar velvet curtains of my bedroom . 
 the feather-soft mattress i 'd grown accustomed to cushioned my back . 
 unlit , vanilla-scented candles fragranced the air , blending with a hint of michael 's cigar . 
 i rolled to my side , forcing lucius from my mind . 
 i 'd never sleep otherwise . 
 odd , though , that i felt more bereft and alone than i had in a long time . 
 damn that man . 
 chapter 9 the next day , i lugged my newly waxed body through a grueling three-hour workout , followed by two additional hours of assault and defense training using a diverse range of weapons . 
 a girl never knew when a specific skill would come in handy . 
 knives , pyre-gun , hand-to-hand combat in the virtual reality chamber , they all took their toll . 
 i opted out of the final wardrobe fitting . 
 the seamstress had my measurements . 
 what more did she need from me ? 
 my failure with eenli was becoming a heavy mantle of guilt on my shoulders . 
 more so than before . 
 perhaps that was why i had pushed myself so hard today . 
 or perhaps watching lucius so easily insert himself into jonathan parker 's life had made me jealous . 
 he was a much better agent than i 'd given him credit for at our first meeting . 
 nowi had to prove my worth tohim . 
 only when completely exhausted did i retire to my room . 
 i did n't nap , however . 
 there was much yet to be done . 
 i showered , changed clothes , then jogged downstairs for a quick meal to boost my energy . 
 chocolate truffles , strawberries dipped in cream , peaches , all sprinkled with sugar . 
 my favorites . 
 i ate them quickly . 
 as i downed two glasses of sugar water , i heard michael 's voice over the speaker system . 
 `` eden , sweetie . 
 i need to see you in my office . '' 
 curious , i abandoned the kitchen and my delicious treats and strode into his office . 
 he looked exactly as i 'd left him yesterday-dressed in a suit , hair slightly rumpled , cigar at his side . 
 he sat at his desk and glanced up from a thick stack of papers . 
 he grinned at me welcomingly . 
 `` that was fast . 
 finish your fitting already ? '' 
 `` no , i decided not to go . '' 
 before he could respond , i sank into the chair in front of him and said , `` what did you need to see me about ? '' 
 he leaned back in his seat and watched me silently for a long while . 
 `` i know you 've been anxious . 
 i also know there 's nothing to be done on eenli 's case right now . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , confused . 
 what was he getting at ? 
 he folded his hands over his stomach . 
 `` i have another case for you . '' 
 excitement bubbled inside me . 
 god , i loved this man . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` there 's a morevv in new florida raping human women . 
 local a.i.r. have been unable to act because of political bull-shit . 
 the morevv is the mayor 's lover . 
 mayor jeffries , to be exact , a woman known for her political iron fist . 
 the man 's death needs to look like an accident . '' 
 `` does he have guards ? '' 
 michael shrugged . 
 `` two burly humans , but they always make a hasty exit when the mayor visits him . '' 
 which meant i needed to catch him with his pants down.literally . 
 `` does a.i.r want to interrogate him first ? '' 
 `` no . 
 they just want him dead . 
 he 's due to meet the mayor tomorrow . '' 
 i could get in and out in no time . 
 it was exactly the challenge i needed to combat my restlessness . 
 michael knew me so well . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 perhaps , with this success , i could begin to wipe away my last failure . 
 he uttered a sigh . 
 `` please , please , please be careful . 
 after all the resources you 've put into eenli , i do n't want you knocked out of commission on a routine takeout . '' 
 `` i 'm always careful . '' 
 i blew him a kiss . 
 `` i 'll leave within the hour and hopefully return by tomorrow night . 
 if you 'll reschedule my fitting , i 'd be grateful . '' 
 i winked and shoved to my feet , then sprinted from the office . 
 my target 's name was romeo montaga . 
 yes , that 's what the morevv called himself . 
 romeo . 
 morevvs were known for their beauty , so i suppose the name fit . 
 especially since this alien 's beauty surpassed any i 'd ever seen . 
 he possessed sun-kissed hair that flowed past his shoulders and an innocently divine face only an angel should have . 
 only his forked tongue gave away his alien status . 
 he dressed his tall , lean frame in black leather pants and an open white shirt . 
 i think he fancied himself a casanova pirate . 
 he owned a wolfhound instead of a parrot , but the dog was about as menacing as a bird . 
 she sprawled on her velvet pillow beside the bed and had n't blinked twice when i entered . 
 with her head resting on her paws , she watched romeo with complete disinterest , even a little fear . 
 i 'd spent the day following him , learning his patterns . 
 he liked young girls , liked watching them and rubbing unceremoniously against them as he sauntered past them . 
 he disgusted me . 
 and right now the disgusting bastard had new florida 's sixty-four-year-old mayor naked and tied to his bed . 
 i 'd known i needed to catch him with his pants down , but i 'd hoped to arrive after the act was completed . 
 not before . 
 amid the woman 's cries of encouragement , he quickly undressed , ripping off his clothes in a single , dramatic sweep . 
 seeing his naked body , i blinked . 
 shook my head . 
 nope , still there . 
 i guess morevvs had more than one alien quality . 
 a forked tongueand a doubled-pronged penis . 
 two penises , of all things . 
 as romeo stood naked at the edge of the bed , the mayor moaned and thrashed liked she 'd just entered the corridors of paradise . 
 i noticed the morevv remained unaroused . 
 he had to close his eyes and stroke himself to achieve a -lrb- double -rrb- erection . 
 being inside the closet as i was , i yearned to jab out my eyes and cut off my ears . 
 these memories were going to haunt me . 
 if only the closet door was n't slatted . 
 `` ride me , my stallion , '' mayor jeffries cried . 
 `` ride me hard . 
 just like you know i like it . '' 
 `` no talking , woman , '' he growled . 
 he slapped her ass , only a mild tap , really . 
 `` i 'm in charge here . '' 
 she moaned with rapture . 
 he slapped her again , harder this time . 
 though he would never have admitted it aloud , i think he was turned off by her enjoyment . 
 i would n't have doubted if this was how romeo raped the others . 
 chained them to a bed , and let them see his goods . 
 `` now you 're mine . '' 
 the words held no hint of possessiveness . 
 no , they sounded rehearsed . 
 he climbed up the bed and slammed into the mayor . 
 that brought forth another round of moans from her . 
 thankfully , only five minutes passed before the morevv stallion finished his ride . 
 well , before his bedmate finished , that is . 
 her entire body convulsed in orgasm . 
 with his features drawn tight , the alien hefted himself off her , even though it was obvious he had n't come . 
 he untied the sated woman and said , `` did you like that , sweet ? '' 
 `` you know i did . 
 maybe ... maybe do it even harder next time , '' she whispered , almost as if she were ashamed by her desire . 
 `` harder ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 mayor jeffries lumbered off the bed . 
 she retrieved a mint green suit from the floor . 
 once the wrinkled material was secured over her equally wrinkled body , she withdrew a stack of bills and placed them on the table . 
 she stared over at romeo . 
 `` you will be free tomorrow , '' she said , her voice going crisp . 
 when she donned her clothes , i guess she also donned her sense of power . 
 romeo glanced at her . 
 he grinned slowly . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'll ride you so hard your screams will be heard all over the world . '' 
 `` tomorrow , then . '' 
 she shivered before striding from the room . 
 the door closed behind her automatically , locking her out . 
 romeo quickly lost his smile . 
 `` bitch , '' he muttered . 
 if i had n't realized before , i did now . 
 he did n't like her . 
 not a bit . 
 he was a paid lover , and gave her what she wanted . 
 domination . 
 it was ironic that a public figure known for her iron fist in the political arena allowed a man , and an alien at that , to so control her privately . 
 alone now , romeo scowled down at the dog . 
 `` you should have bitten a chunk out of her ass , you worthless piece of shit . '' 
 the dog whimpered at his tone . 
 i frowned . 
 romeo closed his eyes and began stroking his erections-he needed two hands for the job . 
 added new meaning to the term `` double your pleasure . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i could stun him now , then poison him while he could n't fight me . 
 he 'd be dead by morning , and no one would know why or that i 'd even been here . 
 but ... i 'd broken in several hours ago , bypassing two guards and a cutting-edge robotic security system . 
 a robotic system that used artificial intelligence to systematically learn the homeowner 's behavior patterns and adjust itself accordingly without the need for programming . 
 security components integrated into such a system armed and disarmed automatically , while making accommodations for those still on the premises . 
 to even enter the home , i 'd had to program myself into the system . 
 very time-consuming , but worth it . 
 there should have been more guards , but i guessed the mayor preferred to keep their liaison as private as possible . 
 probably because she was nothing more than the morevv 's bitch . 
 i would n't want people to know that , either , if i were her . 
 upon first entering this room , i 'd taken the time to glance around . 
 i 'd found romeo 's holograph appointment book . 
 why did people use those ? 
 they left a clear trail to follow . 
 anyway , there 'd been an interesting tidbit there . 
 visit home , 9p . 
 m. return 11:30 . 
 what did he mean byhome ? 
 did he have family here ? 
 or did he mean something else entirely ? 
 did he mean to travel through a portal and return for a while to his home planet ? 
 i suspected the latter , and that piqued my interest . 
 actually , i hoped the latter . 
 eenli was using those damn portals . 
 michael wanted to know where they were . 
 lucius wanted to know where they were . 
 ifi could supply that information ... the intoxicating thought seduced me as surely as a passionate lover . 
 when romeo -lrb- thankfully -rrb- finished his business , he rolled to his feet . 
 `` like what you saw , killer ? '' 
 he asked the dog , his tone snide . 
 `` bitch , '' he said . 
 `` you 're all bitches . '' 
 he kicked killer in the stomach , and she yelped . 
 she tried to bite him , but he kicked her again . 
 head ducked between her paws now , she crawled backward , away from him . 
 i bit the inside of my cheek . 
 kick her one more time , i thought darkly , and i 'll forget the portal and kill you now . 
 naked , he padded to the closet to find something to wear . 
 as huge and filled to bursting with clothing as this space was , i did n't worry that he 'd see me lying on the top shelf . 
 hell , i would n't have been surprised if a dozen other assassins were hiding in here , and i simply had n't seen them . 
 the only thing that bothered me about the situation was how cliched it was . 
 i mean , a sophisticated killer forced to hide in the closet ? 
 please . 
 but i 'd been stuck like this before , and i 'd most likely be stuck like this again . 
 romeo quickly chose another pair of black leather pants . 
 he opted not to wear a pirate shirt , instead choosing a tight v-neck . 
 i supposed i could see why some women fell for him-besides the double penis . 
 his outward beauty bordered on illegal . 
 he left me cold , however . 
 partly because i knew he possessed the heart of a monster underneath all that masculine beauty , but also because he lacked the rich vitality lucius possessed . 
 comparing the two men was like comparing a still-life portrait with a carved sculpture . 
 the sculpture , at least , boasted three dimensions . 
 finished dressing , romeo closed the closet . 
 i quietly climbed down and moved to the slatted door . 
 he was admiring himself in a full-length mirror . 
 i glanced at his digital clock . 
 he was scheduled for `` home '' in thirty minutes . 
 the ticking of time did n't rush him . 
 humming under his breath , he ambled to his dresser and slipped a necklace around his neck . 
 i remembered seeing the necklace earlier when i 'd searched his room . 
 it was small and triangular , with a platinum chain and an odd stone in the center-a stone unlike any i 'd ever seen . 
 crystal-like , yet shiny and smooth as brass . 
 after spritzing himself with cologne , romeo finally left the bedroom . 
 the dog growled at the door . 
 i desperately wanted to spirit-walk and follow his exact steps , but i did n't dare leave my body unprotected in this home . 
 instead , i pulled my duffel bag from the shelf . 
 i strapped it to my back before stealthily slipping from the closet . 
 killer stopped growling and glanced up at me through soulful eyes.save me , she seemed to say . 
 she did n't attack me , did n't act as if she wanted to hurt me in any way . 
 something inside me lurched . 
 i did n't have time for this , but i found myself bending down , cupping her face in my hands and meeting that big , brown gaze . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i whispered to her . 
 `` that 's the last time you 'll ever have to see him . '' 
 then i left the same way i 'd entered-through the bay window . 
 i did n't think the portal would be located inside the house . 
 that meant he had to exit sooner or later . 
 i pulled my face mask down . 
 as i hooked my belt to the clear wire i 'd left dangling , cool , moist air penetrated the knitted fibers of my black body stocking . 
 i already wore gloves , so i pushed myself over the window 's ledge . 
 amid the sound of nearby swishing waves , i propelled down the five stories . 
 the evening darkness offered some protection . 
 unfortunately , the home 's security lighting cast away most of the shadows . 
 i 'd scaled walls brighter and more visible than this with no problem , and this proved no exception . 
 i floated to the ground undetected . 
 the key was to stay close to the corner , move quickly and silently , without pause . 
 i unlatched the clear metal tether and crouched low to the ground as i maneuvered to the front of the house . 
 romeo 's car still sat in the driveway . 
 i pushed out a relieved breath as the morevv exited the house 's front door . 
 i 'd guessed correctly . 
 he did n't go to the parked , empty porsche , however . 
 no , he strode purposefully to the wooded area behind the house . 
 confused , i silently followed , wondering all the while if i 'd made a mistake after all . 
 chapter 10 romeo stopped in a small circular clearing at the edge of the property , away from the ocean and allowing me an unobstructed view of him . 
 over the years , other targets of mine had come to clear areas like this . 
 i 'd never known why ; i had n't cared why . 
 i 'd always used the isolated surroundings to my advantage and struck . 
 perhaps i should have had more patience . 
 for a long while romeo stood motionless , silently watching the darkening sky . 
 was he meeting someone ? 
 did he suspect i followed ? 
 or ... was he expecting a spaceship ? 
 perhaps the wordportal actually meant `` ship . '' 
 minutes passed . 
 i unsheathed my gun . 
 brittle grass bit into me . 
 salt stung the air . 
 concealed by shadows and bushes , i crouched motionlessly , waiting as time continued to pass and nothing happened . 
 nothing at all . 
 no one arrived . 
 at least his movements did n't indicate suspicion . 
 i uncovered my wristwatch by pushing back my shirtsleeve . 
 three minutes after nine . 
 i frowned . 
 what or who was he waiting on ? 
 did he expect to world-travel simply by standing there ? 
 if lucius were here , he 'd grab romeo and beat the answers out of him . 
 i could do the same , i suppose , but that was n't always effective . 
 i preferred to observe the other-worlder 's natural tendencies . 
 i only prayed my patience would be rewarded . 
 a quiet whistling sounded several feet behind me . 
 a person ? 
 merely the wind ? 
 heart drumming with adrenaline , i shifted my focus , switching my aim as i searched the trees . 
 no one was there that i could see . 
 leaves rustled , then stopped ... rustled , then stopped ... like the beat of a drum , ever increasing in intensity . 
 not wind , for i felt nothing on the ground . 
 an animal ? 
 romeo did n't seem to notice or care . 
 the sound steadily crescendoed to a thousand disharmonized screams , like blades screeching through metal . 
 the noise ripped through me , tearing me apart inside . 
 pressing my lips together to cut off my own scream , i squeezed my eyes shut and dropped my pyre-gun , covering my ears with my hands . 
 that did n't help . 
 when i realized what was happening , i cringed . 
 solar flare . 
 they always affected me this way . 
 humans never seemed to hear them , or feel the searing , violent bombardment of charged particles . 
 other-worlders always seemed to be affected . 
 for most , the experience was a pleasure . 
 for me , it was a nightmare . 
 flares were stronger out in the open , with nothing to obstruct their destructive waves . 
 i forced my eyes open , forced myself to watch romeo . 
 he basked in the sound , spreading his arms wide , welcoming the disharmony . 
 had he caused this ? 
 how ? 
 why ? 
 i did n't understand . 
 the wind kicked up , lifting and scratching like a desperate lover . 
 trees shook and rumbled ominously . 
 a bright light pulsed in the purple sky . 
 too bright . 
 getting brighter . 
 getting closer . 
 what was happening ? 
 what - romeo vanished . 
 one second he stood there , in the center of the circle , the next he did n't . 
 the screaming ceased . 
 the light dimmed . 
 the trees settled . 
 gaining my balance , i shoved to my feet . 
 my head whipped to the side as i searched for my target . 
 i searched the entire clearing for tracks . 
 none led away from the circle . 
 my confusion doubled . 
 i replayed the scene through my mind . 
 the screaming , the wind , the lights , and the way romeo embraced them . 
 my eyes widened as realization struck me . 
 he 'd somehow traveled from one world to another through the solar flare . 
 my god . 
 knowing what he 'd done , however , merely increased the number of questions i had . 
 why had n't i traveled with him ? 
 i 'd been no more than ten feet away . 
 i should have disappeared , too . 
 he was scheduled to return in two hours . 
 i 'd question him then . 
 brimming with anticipation , i settled into my hiding place . 
 and waited for his return . 
 eleven thirty came and went . 
 i should have returned to michael by now , or at least called , but i did n't dare move from this spot . 
 i kept myself awake all night , well past the time allotted for the trip on romeo 's daily planner . 
 another solar flare did not erupt , so romeo did n't return . 
 morning brought the harsh rays of the sun , causing heat to envelope me . 
 causing the grass to stiffen . 
 maybe i 'd miscalculated . 
 maybe he 'd meant eleven thirty this morning . 
 i 'd wait . 
 sweat dripped down my face and chest . 
 i wished to god i 'd brought a canteen of sugar water . 
 but this was supposed to be a quick job . 
 in and out . 
 so i 'd brought no provisions for anything other than killing . 
 one hour after another dragged by , the sound of the insects my only companion . 
 i would n't doubt if michael had sent out a search party for me by now . 
 the man did like to worry . 
 eleven thirty arrived without any signs of a solar flare . 
 romeo , however , arrived right on schedule . 
 i kept my gaze on the circle , and before my eyes , he simply appeared . 
 no warning . 
 just blink , there he was . 
 excitement and anticipation renewed , flooding me . 
 he shook his head to orient himself , and i made my move . 
 i jumped up from my crouch and bolted toward him , taking a controlled , do n't - fuck-with-me stance right in front of him . 
 my pyre-gun locked on his heart . 
 his eyes widened when he saw me . 
 covered from head to toe in black as i was , i looked every bit as menacing and deadly as i actually was . 
 without a word of warning , i punched him in the nose to get his attention . 
 his head whipped to the side , and blood poured down his lips and chin . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 his mouth gaped open , and he stumbled backward , away from me . 
 instead of trying to overpower me , he wanted to run . 
 i expected no different . 
 most people , even those who used physical force when angry , backed down when faced with physical force against themselves . 
 `` you have three seconds to answer my question , or i 'll melt the flesh from your bones . 
 one . '' 
 i saw the wheels turn in his head before he morphed into seductive mode and offered me a let 's - go-to-bed smile . 
 `` there 's no need for this . 
 we can - '' disgust welled inside me . 
 `` two . '' 
 `` i know how to pleasure women , '' he whispered suggestively . 
 `` thr - '' `` home , '' he gasped out , his body beginning to tremble like a little girl 's . 
 `` i went home to morevv . '' 
 `` through the solar flare ? '' 
 `` yes , yes . '' 
 he licked his lips , and his gaze darted from side to side . 
 `` please do n't hurt me . '' 
 `` how does the solar flare work ? '' 
 `` i-i do n't know . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 i stepped toward him and punched him again . 
 tears filled his eyes and spilled onto his cheeks . 
 he dropped to his knees . 
 `` i swear i do n't know how it works . 
 i only know it 's the transit portal . 
 please do n't hurt me . 
 please . '' 
 i wished he could see my expression when i said , `` is that how women have begged for your mercy ? 
 on their knees , pleading ? 
 did you show them even an ounce ? '' 
 his sun-kissed skin paled , giving him a ghostly pallor . 
 `` i 've never raped a woman . '' 
 busted . 
 `` i did n't mention rape . 
 did i ? '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 he said with sudden bravado . 
 `` they liked what i gave them in the end . 
 every woman does . '' 
 `` now i know you 're lying , angel cakes , and i do n't like liars . '' 
 i pulled the trigger . 
 a blue light flashed , hitting him directly in the chest . 
 he froze , locked in stun . 
 his features projected shock and fear . 
 i withdrew a small vial from my pocket , closed the distance between us , and poured the liquid down his throat . 
 `` onadyn , '' i said , knowing he heard every word . 
 `` completely undetectable . 
 a deoxygenating drug that some other-worlders use so they can breathe earth 's air . 
 you-someone who needs oxygen to live-will suffocate in minutes , your every breath ineffective , making it look like you came out for a walk but died of organ failure . '' 
 i saw a muscle twitch in his jaw , and abject terror filled his eyes . 
 i patted his cheek and gave him my sweetest smile . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll take care of your dog . '' 
 romeo had named the dog killer . 
 since that would n't do , her new name became agent luc . 
 a play on the name lucius . 
 hopefully he would be properly irritated , especially when he learned this shaggy brown dog with the big , watery brown eyes was female . 
 i smiled . 
 ah , life was suddenly good . 
 agent luc and i negotiated an understanding on the flight home . 
 she craved affection , and i gave it to her . 
 she 'd been nothing more than romeo 's punching bag . 
 she deserved a little pampering . 
 when we exited the its , she saw michael waiting at the bottom of the exit steps . 
 his expression was concerned until he saw me . 
 then a big , relieved grin lit his face . 
 immediately , agent luc began whimpering . 
 i guess she did n't like males-even those who smiled . 
 wise woman , i thought . 
 i gently patted her neck , cooing , `` he wo n't hurt you . 
 he just looks mean . '' 
 i squinted in the harsh daylight , heard another its pass overhead , a gentle hum . 
 michael 's confused gaze flicked from the dog to me . 
 `` you 're late , and you did n't call '' were the first words out of his mouth . 
 `` i was delayed . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i hoisted my bag over one shoulder . 
 gripping agent luc 's leash in the other hand , i strode from the private airstrip toward michael 's waiting sedan . 
 agent luc resisted at first , watching me with those sad brown eyes . 
 `` come on , big girl , '' i said . 
 `` think of this as an adventure . '' 
 she reluctantly fell into step beside me , hopped into the back seat , and curled into a protective ball . 
 she looked out of place against the fine black leather . 
 `` who 's your friend ? '' 
 michael asked , motioning to the dog . 
 `` she used to belong to the morevv , but now she 's your newest agent . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` do i have to pay her ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 i slid into place beside luc , and michael settled behind the wheel . 
 `` mission complete , '' i told him . 
 his motions clipped , he spun to face me . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 that 's all you have to say ? 
 i was beyond worried about you . 
 after your last injuries ... '' `` i 'm sorry i did n't call . '' 
 i reached over and squeezed his hand . 
 `` i got caught up . 
 i should have made the time , anyway , and i was wrong not to . 
 i admit it . '' 
 i knew he was a worrier , and i needed to take better care of him . 
 `` forgive me ? '' 
 `` as if i could stay mad at you , '' he said with no heat . 
 only affection . 
 i grinned . 
 `` what do you know about solar flares ? '' 
 `` only a little , and only because they bothered you so much as a child . 
 why ? '' 
 i sidestepped his question . 
 `` tell me what you know first . '' 
 he programmed the self-navigating vehicle to take us home , then shrugged . 
 `` they 're sudden eruptions of energy , heat , and light . '' 
 the car jolted into motion , but michael did n't have to turn his attention away from me . 
 the car drove smoothly along the road , expertly weaving in and out of traffic . 
 a typical male , michael had always liked his toys to be expensive , fast , and state of the art . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` humans ca n't see them , but we think a lot of other-worlders can . 
 they happen more frequently when the sun approaches the maximum apex of its cycle . 
 now , you tell me something . 
 what 's this have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` i experienced one . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 leaning back in my seat , i propped my feet on the dash . 
 `` and i watched an alien disappear in the midst of it . '' 
 `` disappear ? '' 
 michael frowned . 
 `` until a few weeks ago , i 'd never heard of anyone mastering molecular transfer . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's what happened . '' 
 `` because - '' he prompted . 
 `` because of what was happening around him . 
 violent winds . 
 high-pitched screams . 
 it was n't just molecular transfer . 
 what if solar flares are n't what we think they are ? 
 what if they happen when aliens open portals ? '' 
 `` then why ca n'twe open one ? 
 why ca n't you ? '' 
 michael 's frown deepened . 
 `` maybe you missed the guy . 
 maybe - '' `` no , '' i interjected . 
 `` i looked for him , for his tracks . 
 he did n't simply run or hide , michael . 
 he vanished . '' 
 `` so you think ... what ? '' 
 `` remember what eenli said about the portals not always being open ? '' 
 `` yes , i remember . '' 
 `` that means they are opened and closed . 
 they could be opened and closed through solar flares . 
 because of solar flares . 
 cause the solar flares.something . '' 
 `` possibilities , yes , but they raise the question of whyyou have never vanished during one . 
 over the years , you 've been in the middle of several . '' 
 true . 
 my hands curled into fists . 
 i was so close to the truth . 
 i knew it . 
 but so close was n't what i needed . 
 `` there has to be a reason , a catalyst that sucks someone through . 
 when is the next flare due , do you know ? '' 
 `` i 'll check on it . '' 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` i wish my parents were alive . 
 i could ask them how we came to this world . '' 
 michael stiffened , just as he always did when i mentioned my biological parents . 
 i immediately regretted my wistfulness . 
 i suspected when i spoke of them , michael felt i was somehow dissatisfied with him . 
 i was n't . 
 michael had worked hard to raise me . 
 very hard . 
 he had n't hired nannies or shuffled me off on other people . 
 no , he 'd kept me near him , seen to my every need and want . 
 i loved him all the more for it . 
 i hurried to change the subject . 
 `` could the other-worlders be using some sort of homing device ? '' 
 `` again , it 's a possibility , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll do a little research on solar flares and keep you posted on what i find . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he patted my hand . 
 `` i hope you 'll go to your fitting when we get home , '' he said . 
 `` that seamstress , what 's her name , celeste ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i did n't know , either . 
 `` she nearly cut out my heart with her needle and thread when i told her you would be gone for an entire day . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` give her a raise . 
 i like her style . '' 
 we reached the house a few minutes later . 
 i shifted to command the door to open , but michael caught my wrist in his hand . 
 his features tightened . 
 `` eden , '' he began . 
 `` you know i love you , right ? '' 
 my stomach instantly clenched . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , my concern making the words sharper than i 'd intended . 
 he told me he loved me all the time , but there was something in his voice this time-something deep and filled with pain . 
 `` nothing , '' he said , turning away . 
 `` nothing 's wrong . 
 i just wanted to remind you how i feel about you , that 's all . '' 
 `` michael - '' he emerged from the car without another word to me , leaving me mystified . 
 chapter 11 still reeling from michael 's words , i grabbed my bag and tugged agent luc from the car . 
 we quickly stormed the house , leaving the heat of the afternoon behind us , along with the trees and birds and colorful flowers that encompassed the home . 
 i had every intention of hunting my father down and demanding an explanation . 
 i did n't buy his `` i just like to remind you '' line . 
 he liked to remind me , sure , but never with such stark pain in his eyes . 
 before i found him , however , the seamstress-celeste-found me . 
 agent luc plopped protectively at my feet as celeste bounded down the stairs , needle and thread in hand . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 she scolded . 
 `` i have eleven dresses and six pantsuits to finish , and yet you abandon me at the most pivotal part of my work . '' 
 `` you do n't need me here to finish . '' 
 frowning , i hoisted the weight of my bag over my shoulder . 
 `` you have my measurements . '' 
 exasperation flittered over her pretty features , and she tossed her hands in the air . 
 `` fine . 
 you want the clothes to slip from your shoulders , tear when you run , and reveal your precious weapons , that 's fine with me . 
 i will sew another 's name in the garments so no one knows they are my creation . '' 
 `` great idea , '' i said and turned toward the study where i knew michael had gone . 
 the doors were closed , most likely locked . 
 celeste screeched , the high-pitched sound echoing off the walls . 
 `` go to your room and try on those clothes , eden black . 
 now ! '' 
 i spun and faced her . 
 i opened my mouth to offer her a stinging retort , but noticed how her chest heaved , how her eyes gleamed . 
 she was as passionate about her work as i was about mine . 
 i respected that . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 she prompted . 
 `` an engraved invitation from the rakan king ? 
 go . '' 
 `` this is n't a good time . '' 
 she pushed a breath from her pursed lips , and her shoulders drooped slightly . 
 `` there is never a good time with you . '' 
 i cast one last glance toward the study door , then reluctantly leapt up the stairs with agent luc close to my heels . 
 `` next time someone talks to me like that , you attack . 
 understand ? '' 
 she whimpered . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 useless canine . 
 thankfully , the pinching and poking of my fitting only lasted an hour , and celeste quite happily went on her way . 
 while agent luc slept on the bed , i allowed myself a long , lingering shower , letting the steamy water wash away the trials of the last few days . 
 afterward , i brushed my hair and changed into comfortable lounge pants and a shirt , then strode into michael 's office . 
 he was absent , but two women were cleaning and dusting . 
 i fought a wave of disappointment . 
 `` come back later , '' i told the women . 
 they nodded and hurried out . 
 i reallydid need my own place , i realized . 
 somewhere private and all my own . 
 unlike michael , i 'd do my own damn laundry and cleaning . 
 i did n't like how freely he admitted his staff . 
 yes , he took precautions against theft and spying , but was that ever enough ? 
 alone , i logged onto the computer with a spoken `` eden f. black . '' 
 i e-mailed colin foley , a quantum physics instructor i 'd once dated , asking for information on solar flares and potential transportational properties . 
 he might know nothing ; he might know something . 
 we 'd ended our two-year relationship amicably , so i did n't doubt he 'd return my message . 
 i stressed the importance of a speedy reply-which i hoped to receive before i left for new dallas . 
 as i stared at the screen , willing him to replynow , my eyes began to burn and water . 
 i yawned . 
 i 'd been up the last two days and needed sleep . 
 pushing out a breath , i shut down the computer and left the comforting familiarity of the office . 
 i trudged up the stairs into my room and flopped onto the bed beside agent luc . 
 hopefully taking an hour or so to rest and center my energy would grant me a measure of peace and sanity . 
 i closed my eyes and commanded every limb , cell , and organ to relax . 
 slowly my mind smoothed , beginning its gradual slide into calmness and tranquillity . 
 in gentle increments , my chaotic thought patterns coalesced into a focused whole . 
 the pulse of my heartbeat harmonized with the steady stream of my mind . 
 just when i was congratulating myself on a job well done , an image of lucius appeared , upsetting my equanimity . 
 my heartbeat sped up and thumped eagerly ; my blood heated . 
 i bit my bottom lip and mentally shoved his picture out of my mind . 
 it slid right back to center , taunting me . 
 my eyelids fluttered open , and i shifted to my side . 
 the dog opened her eyes , checking her surroundings . 
 when she realized all was well , she closed her eyes again and continued slumbering peacefully-taking up half the bed . 
 if only i could find such peace . 
 lucius , i decided in the next instant , was a disease . 
 a stinking , festering disease that rotted my common sense and might very well be the death of me . 
 i needed some sort of antidote . 
 the battle to cast out the haunting presence of his image was in full force when my phone erupted in a series of beeps . 
 i uttered a low growl and picked up the cell unit from the side table , anchoring the main piece to my ear . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 a rough voice crackled over the other end . 
 `` i miss you about as much as i miss the copper bullet i had to dig out of my stomach . '' 
 lucius laughed , the sound husky and rich as it washed over me . 
 neither of us commented on the fact that we did n't have to state our names , that we 'd only known each other a short time but already recognized each other 's voices . 
 `` i love it when you play hard-to-get . 
 tell me how things are going , '' he said with barely a breath . 
 `` on schedule . '' 
 `` what 's this i hear about solar flares ? '' 
 my eyes narrowed , and i glared at the far wall . 
 `` when did you talk to michael ? '' 
 `` answer me first . '' 
 i did , and my speech was followed by a long silence . 
 `` we need to investigate this , '' he finally said . 
 `` michael 's doing some research , but i think we need to do some on our own . 
 the more the merrier , right ? '' 
 he paused . 
 `` there 's got to be something to this flare shit . 
 you did good . '' 
 to be validated by someone as stern and unbending as lucius was intoxicating . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 i tried to keep the elation out of my voice . 
 i must have failed because he said , `` you cryin ' tears of joy over there ? '' 
 my cheeks heated . 
 `` shut the hell up . '' 
 `` do n't bite my head off . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` either . '' 
 another pause reigned before he blew out a breath . 
 `` i like you more every time i talk to you , you know that , cookie ? '' 
 i faked a southern drawl -lrb- quite well , i might add -rrb- . 
 `` is that why you 're calling me , agent luscious ? 
 so you can like me more ? '' 
 `` do n't call me that , '' he snapped . 
 `` i had a spare minute and thought i 'd check on you . '' 
 `` did n't michael tell you how i was doing ? '' 
 `` i wanted to hear it from you , all right ? '' 
 `` all right , '' i said , and let the subject drop . 
 i did n't admit that i was glad he 'd called , that i 'd wanted to hear from him . 
 `` let 's finish our conversation about the solar flares , and you telling me what a good job i did . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` just look into them . 
 we can compare notes when you get here . '' 
 my eyebrows winged up as a tide of anticipation hit me . 
 `` i bet i 'll have more information than you . '' 
 he chuckled huskily . 
 `` my god , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did you hear yourself ? 
 i 'll have more information than you , '' he mimicked . 
 `` i doubt i 've ever heard a more obvious challenge . 
 you have got to be the most competitive woman in the entire world . '' 
 `` now that 's hardly a fair statement . 
 you have n't met every woman in the world . '' 
 `` does n't matter . 
 i accept the challenge . 
 we 'll just see who has more information . '' 
 i grinned , invigorated . 
 `` so , how are things with you ? '' 
 `` parker sympathizes with my obsession for you and plans to help me win you . 
 he 's throwing a party and made sure your new boss received an invitation . '' 
 i knew that , i almost said , but thankfully stopped myself . 
 he had no idea i 'd listened and watched his interaction with jonathan parker , and i needed to keep it that way . 
 `` what exactly do you plan to do to win me ? '' 
 `` let 's keep that a surprise so your reaction is real . 
 i would n't worry except that your acting sucks . '' 
 my grip on the unit box tightened , and i lost my grin . 
 `` i can act . '' 
 he did n't comment . 
 i heaved a sigh . 
 fine . 
 `` what 's my apartment like ? '' 
 i gritted out . 
 he offered no denial about the fact that he 'd sneaked inside . 
 `` looks good . 
 spacious . 
 well guarded . 
 expensive . 
 you 'll have no trouble fitting in . 
 and in case you were wondering , your bed is big enough for two people . '' 
 `` that 's good to know . 
 i 'm sure agent luc will be glad we can both fit . '' 
 silence.dark , heavy silence that crackled with tension . 
 `` who the hell , '' he said haltingly , `` is agent luc ? '' 
 `` a friend of mine . '' 
 i stroked a hand down the dog 's soft fur , and she snorted blissfully in her sleep . 
 `` luc is helping me with the case . '' 
 `` you did not have my permission to include this man in our mission . '' 
 i did n't correct his assumption that luc was a male.how 's my acting now ? 
 `` i do n't need your permission for anything . '' 
 `` damn it , eden . 
 does michael know ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you going to run and complain to the boss ? '' 
 i taunted . 
 i heard a sharp grinding noise and pictured lucius working his jaw . 
 i smiled because i 'd just ensured he would n't ask michael about luc for any reason . 
 ah , male pride . 
 so predictable . 
 `` if this man steps one foot-one damn foot-inside your apartment , i 'll shove those feet so far up his ass he 'll vomit them out . 
 understand ? '' 
 my smile grew wider . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 `` oh , i understand all right . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 he no longer sounded angry . 
 he sounded hesitant . 
 `` your jealousy is cute , that 's all . '' 
 click . 
 the abrupt disconnection and sudden silence caused my ears to ring . 
 my smile became a chuckle . 
 i rolled to my back , letting the cell unit drop beside me . 
 i even kissed luc on her wet nose . 
 a few minutes later , the phone rang again . 
 still grinning , i picked up on the fourth ring . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i never make threats , eden . 
 only promises . 
 i did n't want a partner , but i 've resigned myself to you . 
 i will not tolerate anyone else on this case . '' 
 i would n't either , but i was not about to let this man think his threats-oopsie , promises - cowed me . 
 i would not let him think he called the shots . 
 `` agent luc and i will be there on schedule , '' i said . 
 with that , i severed the connection . 
 feeling more at peace than i would have after a ten-hour slumber , i affectionately scruffed luc atop her shaggy brown head . 
 she opened her eyes and stared up at me adoringly . 
 `` better watch your paws , girl . 
 agent luscious is a jealous man . '' 
 i laughed happily . 
 chapter 12 finally , the day arrived . 
 pretending to be an employee of michael 's sent to check on his daughter 's accommodations , i flew into new dallas . 
 after a quick stop at michael 's farmhouse , i visited my apartment . 
 for the event , i dressed in a short , spiky black wig and wore a fake pregnancy belly under a synthetic cotton dress . 
 my skin was heavily caked in makeup . 
 i looked a sight , i 'm sure , but i needed to map an escape route . 
 or two . 
 i needed to know what to expect when i , as pampered eden black , arrived . 
 god , it was hot . 
 sweat dripped from me as i walked down the sidewalk . 
 i blamed eenli for the extreme heat and would n't have doubted if he was one of the mecs who could control the weather . 
 they did like it hot and dry , but the boiling temperature nearly felled me . 
 situated in the bustling heart of new dallas , the apartment building was enhanced chrome and bullet-resistant glass . 
 eighty-seven stories high . 
 i stepped inside . 
 fingerprint scanners were at every door . 
 holographic guides . 
 high-tech , just like lucius had said . 
 grateful for air-conditioning , i maneuvered my way through the throng of people in the well-lit , computerized lobby and entered the farthest elevator , exclusively used for the penthouse . 
 my data-both real and fake-had been programmed in , and the scanners readily accepted me as who i claimed to be . 
 the ride inside the decadent box was long but smooth . 
 a satin-covered bench occupied the far wall , and a cooler with single-serving wine sat next to it . 
 when i reached the top , the doors slid open and i stepped into a world of utter self-indulgence . 
 gazing around , i inhaled the aromas of leather and cotton , expensive commodities in this synthetic world , where alien and human wars had destroyed so many precious things . 
 plush recliners , overstuffed couches . 
 glass tables . 
 double holoscreen tvs . 
 two wet bars , fully stocked . 
 everything was voice and fingerprint protected . 
 i did a quick walk-through , making sure that i was alone . 
 i was . 
 good . 
 i found the two hidden doorways that michael had installed , making sure they opened properly . 
 the one located on the kitchen floor squeaked , so i oiled it down . 
 would n't do to let the bad guys know my location . 
 it led to a safe room . 
 the other door , which opened smoothly , led to a slide that would take me straight to the bottom of the building . 
 my bed , i noticed , was covered in blue silk and lined with what looked to be sheer lace . 
 i knew the material was a protectant and would seal out poisons and gases . 
 and yes , two people could easily fit inside it . 
 everything was in order . 
 that was all i 'd needed to know . 
 i took a cab for several miles , then walked the rest of the way to the farmhouse , all the while making sure i was n't followed . 
 a girl could never be too careful . 
 agent luc was waiting for me . 
 the moment i stepped through the door , she bounded from her floor pillow . 
 ren , the agent i 'd left in charge of her care , growled a clipped , `` be still , dog . '' 
 `` watch your tone , '' i snapped . 
 i crouched down and pet luc 's soft , clean fur . 
 she sighed happily . 
 `` missed me , huh ? '' 
 i quickly showered and changed into a fancy dress suit , then marko drove luc and me back to the airport to await pickup . 
 what a busy day so far , and i knew it was only going to become more hectic from this point on . 
 thankfully my civilian driver , or rather claudia chow 's , arrived not long after , and i soon found myself gazing out of a limousine window . 
 i shifted impatiently in the soft leather seat . 
 the mission , for me , had officially begun . 
 agent luc lounged next to me and rested her chin on my leg . 
 absently i stroked her fur and tapped my high-heeled foot against the floorboard . 
 this part of new dallas offered a plethora of scenery , most of it bleak . 
 one moment a series of towering buildings and speeding cars could be seen ; the next i saw wide-open spaces , tumbleweeds , scrubby trees . 
 i 'd always thought of myself as a patient woman . 
 but right now , everything inside me screamed tohurry . 
 not because i yearned to see lucius , i assured myself , but because i wanted , at last , to begin helping with this case . 
 an hour passed . 
 my lips dipped in a frown , and i shifted in my seat again . 
 why could n't the ambassador of alien goodwill live closer to the airport ? 
 i 'd read the file on claudia chow . 
 she 'd been born to privilege . 
 she 'd married young-a man also born to privilege . 
 she 'd never known a moment 's hardship in her life . 
 when her husband had been alive , the two of them had enjoyed hunting animals and traveling the world . 
 now she spent her time fighting for alien rights . 
 that did n't make sense to me , did n't seem to fit her background . 
 i was to translate for her at parties , meetings , and any other events she chose to attend . 
 i sighed . 
 she owned a ranch on the outskirts of the city ... a sprawling ranch now visible on the horizon . 
 thank god . 
 my back straightened , and i grinned suddenly . 
 happily . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' i told luc , excitement dripping from my tone . 
 she blinked up at me and licked my hand . 
 i patted her between the ears . 
 `` be careful around the ambassador . 
 she used to hunt animals . 
 she might still . '' 
 luc licked me again . 
 she trusted me to keep her safe , and i liked that . 
 i returned my attention to the ranch . 
 it was red and white , wide and sprawling , with notched wooden posts anchoring the first floor to the second . 
 armed guards roamed the edges of the property , as well as around the home itself . 
 they were n't human . 
 they were purebred ell-rollises , creatures so thought-dependent they could only follow the dictates of their master . 
 `` you 've got to show total courage while you 're here , girl , '' i said to luc . 
 `` if anyone suggests one of those guards hurt you , they 'll do it without a moment 's thought . 
 so do n't go outside without me . '' 
 i traced a hand down my braided ponytail and muttered , `` maybe i should have left you with michael . '' 
 i did n't want her hurt . 
 i 'd intended to leave her behind . 
 as i 'd strode out the front door , however , luc had bounded behind me , whimpering with every step . 
 i 'd been reminded of every time michael left me behind for a mission-every time i 'd cried for him , wanted him to sing me to sleep . 
 i had n't been able to do the same to luc . 
 who could have known i 'd turn to mush over a dog ? 
 she licked my leg . 
 with such a fierce companion , i thought dryly , i might not need the modified rifle , silencer , and hollow-point bullets in my bag . 
 of the two of us , though , i was in more danger than luc . 
 michael had told me ambassador claudia chow liked to collect other-worlders . 
 all races . 
 `` i bet she 'd stuff and mount me if it were legal . '' 
 agent luc gave me yet another lick . 
 honestly , i despised humans who used other-worlders as trophies . 
 `` ah , look at my alien , '' i mimicked with sugary sweetness . 
 and i did n't care if the driver heard me . 
 i was a pampered princess . 
 a diva . 
 `` is n't it pretty ? '' 
 my lips pursed . 
 if claudia treated me that way ... one of the guards must have notified claudia of my arrival , because the moment the limousine eased into the long , winding gravel drive , she stepped onto the slatted porch . 
 i studied her . 
 she wore her black hair in a severe twist , had perfectly applied makeup , and her long , elegant body was molded into a conservative black silk suit . 
 i would have put her age at thirty , but i knew she 'd just turned forty-six . 
 she was an attractive woman who obviously knew her power and reveled in it . 
 the car stopped , and my door instantly opened . 
 an ell-rollis stepped toward me and extended his hand . 
 `` thank you , '' i told him cooly . 
 game face on . 
 sweet , air-conditioned air became hot and fragrant with the smells of summer and horses . 
 my nose twitched as i stepped outside . 
 the ell-rollis did n't speak . 
 he did smile at me , revealing razor-sharp yellow teeth . 
 the smile seemed out of place on his lizardlike features . 
 he must have been ordered to greet me with a welcoming grin . 
 agent luc jumped beside me and sat , my ever-watchful guard . 
 at least she did n't fall asleep . 
 as if she had heeded my warning , she eyed the ell-rollis warily . 
 with absolutely no expression on her face , claudia closed the distance between us and folded me in her arms . 
 for show ? 
 most likely . 
 i did n't welcome the embrace , but i did tolerate it . 
 she stood a few inches shorter than me , forcing her to stretch on her tiptoes when she kissed both of my cheeks . 
 `` welcome , '' she said , her voice cultured , refined . 
 her eyes were brown , and up close i could see the freckles scattered over her nose . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i smiled sweetly , not a single hint of falsity . 
 i hoped . 
 `` i 'm very happy to be here . '' 
 `` let me look at you , '' she said , releasing me and stepping away . 
 her dark gaze drifted over me , slowly taking my measure in a full body once-over . 
 `` so much gold . 
 it 's stunning , really . '' 
 want to check my teeth ? 
 perhaps tag my toe?i gave her a wider grin . 
 `` thank you . 
 that 's nice of you to say . '' 
 `` did someone tinker with your dna , '' she asked innocently , `` or are all rakas as glittery and golden as you ? '' 
 `` we 're all like this , i 'm told . '' 
 `` i 'm simply eaten up with jealousy . 
 you must look at yourself in the mirror a thousand times a day . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the answer of a princess . 
 `` we 'll make sure no one tries to de-skin you . 
 i 'll take measures to protect you . '' 
 she patted my cheek , just as i sometimes did to my dog . 
 `` you and i are going to get along famously , i 'm sure . 
 giles , '' she called over her shoulder . 
 she even clapped her hands together . 
 `` take miss black 's bags to the yellow room . '' 
 to me , she added , `` yellow will blend so nicely with your golden skin . '' 
 `` i wo n't need my bags taken to the yellow room . 
 i have an apartment in the city . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 i want you to stay here . 
 no reason for you to travel back and forth . '' 
 oh , no , no . 
 `` i prefer to stay at my own place . 
 that 's one of the reasons i moved away from my father . '' 
 claudia 's brown gaze sharpened , and she inched toward me in a subtle i-am-in-command-here pose . 
 `` i prefer to have you here . 
 with your dog , of course . 
 it 's welcome to stay , as well , and will have more room to run and play here . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i must insist - '' `` and i must insist that you stay . '' 
 her eyes gleamed with determination . 
 `` that was not part of our arrangement , '' i said , striving to maintain my calm . 
 should i throw a fit ? 
 `` i 've now made it a part of our arrangement . 
 if that 's a problem ... '' then she would find another interpreter . 
 i 'd lose my cover . 
 why such insistence that i stay ? 
 i wondered , fists tightening . 
 still , i gnashed my jaw and did n't offer another argument . 
 studying the apartment , oiling the secret door , had been for nothing . 
 great . 
 `` the yellow room sounds lovely . '' 
 the moment i spoke , her expression softened , and she grinned happily . 
 her teeth were white , perfectly straight . 
 `` wonderful . 
 i knew we 'd get along . 
 giles , '' she called again . 
 a tuxedo-clad genesi appeared behind her . 
 his race possessed wrinkled gray skin that folded over in layers . 
 i 'd killed a genesi once . 
 a female . 
 she 'd emitted some sort of humming energy that tinkled like bells as she fought me . 
 those bells had grown in volume and had nearly burst my eardrums by the time i finished her off . 
 without looking me in the eyes , the genesi walked stiffly past me and to the car , hefted my bags in his arms , then pivoted on his heel . 
 i allowed this without protest . 
 most of my weapons were hidden securely in everyday toiletry items . 
 even if he searched my things for hours , he 'd never find anything out of the ordinary . 
 `` now , tell me about your friend , '' the ambassador said , motioning to the dog . 
 `` what 's its name ? '' 
 `` hername is luc . 
 she 's leery of men , '' i added , patting her head , `` so it will be best if your male servants leave her alone . '' 
 `` i think it 's marvelous that you have an earth-born companion . '' 
 ambassador chow 's face blanketed with a hint of sadness . 
 `` my companion is gone . 
 a virus took him . '' 
 i did n't mention that i myself was earth-born . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . '' 
 she waved her hand through the air and forced a smile . 
 `` it was so long ago . 
 are you thirsty , my dear ? 
 i 'm sure you are , '' she answered for me . 
 `` let 's adjourn to the drawing room . 
 we 'll have lemonade and get to know one another better . '' 
 with luc clopping at my side , i followed the ambassador and strolled eagerly inside , my form-fitting calf-length skirt crinkling with my every movement . 
 cool air blasted me , shivering through my clothing and onto my too-warm skin . 
 that brief stay in the sun had overheated me , i realized . 
 i blinked away the red-gold sunspots and studied my new , temporary home . 
 comfortable looking , yes . 
 but ... my hands curled into fists again . 
 i wanted my apartment . 
 as we sauntered down a long hallway , one of the first things i noticed were the animal heads that decorated some of the walls . 
 deer , coyote , and wild hog , all of which were endangered and illegal to possess or kill . 
 i 'd expected something different for the elegant claudia chow . 
 yes , i 'd known she hunted animals , which was now illegal without a government license , but i 'd thought ... i do n't know what i 'd thought . 
 she glanced at me over her shoulder . 
 `` what do you think of my home ? '' 
 i decided to be truthful . 
 less complicated that way . 
 `` the animal heads give me the creeps . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she frowned , genuine surprise flicking through her eyes . 
 `` almost all of your people seem to enjoy them . '' 
 my people ? 
 did she mean raka or all other-worlders ? 
 either way , it did n't seem like something an ambassador of alien goodwill should say . 
 we finally stepped inside the drawing room , a room boasting animal skulls and bird feathers . 
 interspersed throughout the carcasses were lace doilies and flower-filled vases . 
 my god . 
 this had to be hell . 
 hiding a grimace , i waited until claudia seated herself in a floral chair before i claimed the rosy pink settee across from her . 
 luc sat at my feet , still looking wary . 
 between claudia and me was a small , rolling table piled high with cookies and lemonade . 
 except for the dead animals , the scene reminded me of a period piece . 
 an old movie , perhaps , with ladies and gentlemen and proper manners . 
 i suspected claudia cultivated the image purposefully . 
 to relax her guests ? 
 to disarm them ? 
 ever the gracious hostess , she poured me a glass of tangy lemonade , and i tentatively sipped . 
 i hated anything sour , and this proved to be completely devoid of the sweetness i preferred . 
 `` martha , '' she said , `` please bring luc a bowl of water . '' 
 orders given , claudia offered me a cookie . 
 i readily accepted . 
 it , at least , possessedsome sugar . 
 if i could have only one food in the entire world , that would be it . 
 pure , granulated sugar . 
 i nibbled on the edges of the cookie and sighed with satisfaction . 
 `` i 'm not sure what you 've been told of your duties , '' she said , `` but all i 'll require of you is your presence at every political and social function i attend , to accompany me when other-worlders visit to tell me of their problems and concerns , and to interpret any calls i receive . '' 
 that 's all , huh ? 
 `` my last interpreter spoke only six languages , so aliens often left my presence frustrated with their inability to communicate with me . 
 your father mentioned you speak twenty-seven languages . '' 
 there was a ring of disbelief in her tone . 
 `` he did n't exaggerate , i assure you . '' 
 surprise flittered over her refined features , as if she 'd expected me to deny it . 
 `` how did you manage to learn so many ? '' 
 a female servant arrived with luc 's water bowl . 
 the girl was alien , a brin tio chi , a race that was dark as mocha and moved with fluid grace , practically floating . 
 she placed the bowl in front of luc and drifted away like a dream , her white robe wisping at her ankles . 
 the dog drank greedily . 
 `` a tutor of mine once told me rakas have an affinity for languages . 
 that all of our kind seem to learn them as easily as human children learn the alphabet . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful . '' 
 grinning , claudia clasped her hands . 
 `` there 's a party we 'll be attending tonight , and i expect many different alien races to be there . 
 some of them have n't yet mastered english , so you 'll have to translate for me . '' 
 the party . 
 i could hardly wait . 
 `` that will be my pleasure . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` something you need to know about me is that i always mix business with pleasure . 
 i expect many other-worlders to approach me tonight with problems they 've been having . 
 they know they can come to me anywhere , anytime . '' 
 my head tilted to the side . 
 `` what kind of problems ? '' 
 `` discrimination , mostly . 
 humans often act superior to their alien counterparts-and jealous when someone they feel is un-deserving has money and power . 
 that 's when i step in . 
 i make sure alien needs are represented in the senate . '' 
 a pretty speech . 
 rehearsed ? 
 or truthful ? 
 `` when yson-he was my husband-was alive , we traveled the world and witnessed so many atrocities against aliens . 
 we vowed to do what we could to help . '' 
 her face gleamed with sadness . 
 `` then the zi karas came over and brought that horrible plague that killed so many humans and animals . 
 yson was one of the first to die , leaving me to help on my own . '' 
 `` i 'd think that would have made you hate all aliens . '' 
 i stated the words as an observation , an afterthought . 
 casual . 
 but i watched her expression intently . 
 the fine lines around her eyes seemed to deepen . 
 `` for a while , yes , i did hate them . 
 but yson would not have wanted me to harbor such hatred . 
 he would have wanted me to keep my vow . 
 and so i have . '' 
 she waved a hand through the air . 
 `` now enough sadness . 
 let 's talk about happy things . '' 
 what a puzzle she was-a puzzle i planned to solve . 
 whether the pieces would fit together in an innocent or betraying manner , i did n't know . 
 i only knew i 'd have to stay on my guard with her . 
 michael seemed to trust her -lrb- somewhat -rrb- , but i could n't . 
 not yet . 
 we chatted for a few more minutes about the weather , about my food preferences and sleeping habits . 
 `` why do n't you go upstairs , '' she said . 
 `` you can unpack or rest or whatever you need to do before the party . '' 
 `` where 's the party located ? '' 
 i asked , unable to keep anticipation from my tone . 
 i already knew the answer . 
 `` at jonathan parker 's estate . 
 he 's wealthy and powerful and a good man to have on your side . '' 
 she paused , grinned . 
 `` he insisted , absolutely insisted , we attend . '' 
 i returned her grin with one of my own . 
 `` i look forward to meeting him . '' 
 and i did . 
 god , i did . 
 chapter 13 ispent the next hour searching my new bedroom for bugs and cameras . 
 a single dead animal head hung from my `` yellow that blends well with my skin '' walls . 
 a deer . 
 the rest of the decor was tasteful , if purely texan . 
 cowbell chandelier , horseshoes on the walls , wooden bedposts that supported a wheelbarrow-shaped bed . 
 snakeskin baskets rested on the side tables . 
 i found two cameras , but no bugs . 
 the ambassador of alien goodwill had replaced the deer 's eyes with round , black lenses pointed toward the bed . 
 whether claudia chow was simply a pervert who liked to watch , had nefarious reasons for wanting me under surveillance , or wanted the camera here to help `` protect '' me from gold lovers , i did n't care . 
 i renewed my determination to be cautious around her . 
 she did n't know my true purpose for being here , but she was going to get me inside jonathan 's party . 
 for that i 'd endure her creepiness . 
 i did n't care if she knew i 'd found the cameras . 
 i openly removed and disabled them . 
 picture splicing had become common years ago , so the government had made cameras like these illegal without a permit . 
 i doubted she had a permit . 
 `` lord save me , '' i muttered . 
 i could handle the camera problem one of two ways . 
 hand the cameras to the ambassador personally with a warning not to place them in my room again , or not mention them at all . 
 after a moment 's debate , i decided not to mention them . 
 i 'm willing to bet she knew the exact moment i found them . 
 if i kept quiet , she 'd wonder about my thoughts , my reaction , and perhaps tread more carefully around me . 
 assured now of my privacy , i began memorizing the layout of the room by sight , then with my eyes closed , learning the spacing between furniture and the length of the floor . 
 luc watched me curiously the entire time . 
 she even paced beside me for a while before becoming bored and flouncing to the bed . 
 a time might come when i needed to navigate this room in the dark , simply to survive . 
 i charted the best escape route , as well as a second in case the first was blocked . 
 afterward , i allowed myself a lingering shower . 
 the dry enzyme spray did not offer the same relaxing sensation as the warm , steamy water at michael 's , but i enjoyed the feel of clean skin . 
 especially now , knowing i would soon see lucius . 
 knowing i would soon meet jonathan parker face to face . 
 knowing a `` slave '' order would soon be placed for me , and i would be stolen away , perhaps locked underground . 
 dirty and cold . 
 soon ... yes , soon . 
 lucius would be attending jonathan parker 's party tonight . 
 i 'd see him in person . 
 talk to him . 
 and i would think only of our case , i vowed . 
 had he learned anything new about the solar flares ? 
 about eenli ? 
 according to michael , the bastard still had not been spotted . 
 it was like he 'd disappeared . 
 maybe he had . 
 maybe , like romeo , he 'd used a solar flare to return home . 
 if that proved true , i 'd find a way to chase him all the way to mecca . 
 the spray began to sputter , so i shut the unit off and stepped from the white tiled enclosure . 
 heated air billowed from vents above , beside , and below me to keep me warm until i dressed . 
 i restrapped my weapons onto my body : a small pyre-gun on the inside of my thigh , one knife , and a tiny vial of onadyn . 
 i never knew which i 'd need , so i liked access to all three . 
 i decided , though , that i needed something else this time . 
 something more than my usual arsenal . 
 just in case . 
 these were new surroundings with people i did n't know and had n't followed . 
 i locked an anklet around my ankle-an anklet that possessed hallucinogens in the shapes of diamonds . 
 that done , i slipped the ice-blue sheath dress over my head . 
 the sheer material kissed my br ** sts and hips , but flared freely around my calves with different lengths of scarves . 
 i left most of my golden hair down , clipping only the sides back and out of the way with sapphire-studded combs-which also doubled as retractable blades . 
 `` not bad , '' i muttered , studying my reflection in the mirror . 
 iced gold . 
 i 'd come to loathe high heels , but i supposed i could tolerate them for tonight . 
 who knows ? 
 if needed , i could use the heels as a weapon . 
 i anchored a strappy pair the exact shade of my dress onto my feet . 
 a little mascara , a swipe of gloss . 
 there . 
 done . 
 luc barked her approval . 
 i checked my computer for a message from colin . 
 nothing . 
 i sighed . 
 the wall clock ticked the hour . 
 five o'clock , two hours before the ambassador and i needed to leave . 
 that gave me plenty of time to question her about jonathan parker . 
 claudia , as it turned out , was a certified gossip and more than happy to tell me everything she knew about everyone she 'd ever met . 
 our conversation lasted the entire two hours before she rushed upstairs to change for the party . 
 during our chat , i 'd learned the following tidbits of information : 1 . 
 river garwood preferred homemade beer to expensive champagne , although he did have an excellent wine cellar . 
 2 . 
 norine smith 's breast augmentation had left her with one breast larger than the other . 
 the woman now wore a one-sided padded bra . 
 3 . 
 jonathan parker hated peas with a passion that could not be surpassed -lrb- perhaps this knowledge could be used if we ever decided to torture him ? -rrb- . 
 4 . 
 gladys macgregor , who lost all her money to bad investments and everyone knew it , had paid her dentist for her porcelain veneers with a little oral surgery of her own-performed on her knees . 
 i brooded over the fact that those were two hours i 'd never get back . 
 not one of my better plans . 
 when claudia rejoined me ten minutes later , she wore a shiny violet sequined dress that hugged her body . 
 it glinted like rich oil in the light . 
 her hair was wrapped in a matching turban . 
 she looked elegant . 
 refined . 
 `` claudia , '' i said as she descended the stairs , `` do you mind asking one of your female employees to walk luc sometime this evening ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she eyed her servant , the floating , velvety dark martha , who nodded . 
 `` martha will see to it . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 `` more than i can say . '' 
 we climbed inside the limo and made our way to parker 's . 
 claudia picked up our conversation as if we 'd never left off . 
 who knew a cozy limo with its black leather and mini-bar could be used as a torture device ? 
 i half listened , hoping there 'd be information i could use . 
 at long last , she mentioned the name hunter leonn.lucius . 
 i perked up and adopted an expression of feigned distress and dismay.remember , he stalked me . 
 abused me . 
 an intense rush of impatience and excitement gripped me . 
 `` hunter leonn , did you say ? '' 
 i asked sharply , jolting forward in my seat . 
 `` yes , '' she said , blinking over at me . 
 her features lit with eagerness , and she leaned toward me . 
 `` why ? 
 do you know him ? '' 
 i gave her the same story lucius had given jonathan . 
 `` he chased me relentlessly . 
 ruthlessly ! 
 every time i turned , he hovered beside me . 
 i tried to tell him i did n't like him , that i did n't want him in my life , but he would n't listen . 
 he refused to leave me alone . '' 
 `` oh , how awful . '' 
 `` yes , it was . 
 hunter is the real reason i moved away from michael . 
 i wanted so badly to escape him . '' 
 i gripped my knees in a show of agitation . 
 `` and now you tell me he 's here ? '' 
 `` are you worried he 'll bother you again ? 
 well , do n't be . 
 my home is well guarded , eden . 
 he wo n't be able to reach you . '' 
 `` i thought that before . 
 with michael . 
 but because i continually told hunter no , he jerked me off the street one day and into his car . 
 he took me to his house and locked me inside . 
 he almost raped me , and would have , if i had n't escaped . 
 what am i going to do ? '' 
 `` oh , my god . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't realize the seriousness of the situation . '' 
 features tight with concern , she grabbed my hands . 
 `` you must have been so scared , and now you 're finding yourself in the same predicament . 
 i wish we could have him arrested , but - '' she sighed with dejection . 
 `` humans simply are n't punished for hurting aliens . 
 not yet , anyway . '' 
 `` what if he tries to steal me again ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i bit my lower lip . 
 was i laying it on too thick ? 
 `` i bet he learned i would be living here and decided to move here , too . 
 he 's probably there right now , waiting for me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to say he will indeed be there , but i do n't think he 'll make a scene . 
 too many people will be there to act as witnesses . '' 
 she squeezed my hand . 
 `` please do n't worry . 
 i wo n't let hunter harm you in any way . 
 that i promise . 
 i 'll talk to jonathan , and make sure hunter is kept at a distance from you . 
 all right ? '' 
 such adamancy from her surprised me . 
 her perfectly made-up features were bathed in concern and affront , and tension hummed from her body . 
 authentic distress ? 
 for me , an other-worlder ? 
 if this was indeed real , such concern for alien safety was probably why this vain , pampered , gossiping woman had been chosen as ambassador of alien goodwill . 
 i had n't expected this from her . 
 rarely did someone prove to be more than i 'd anticipated . 
 first lucius , now claudia . 
 had i lost my edge ? 
 `` thank you for your concern , '' i told her , letting myself visually calm . 
 `` i just wish i could do more . 
 aliens have feelings , just like humans . 
 why ca n't more people see that ? '' 
 `` have you met him ? 
 hunter , i mean ? '' 
 `` once . '' 
 she released my hand . 
 her gaze flicked to the window , and she stared out at the moonlit landscape . 
 we passed michael 's lush little glen , a dewy and sparkling emerald haven . 
 a total contrast to the dry land everywhere else . 
 `` he 's an intimidating fellow , i must say . 
 his eyes are ... there 's something about them . 
 they 're dark and cold and so unfeeling . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed , shivering . 
 `` i remember that about him . '' 
 this had worked out so much better than i could have ever planned . 
 `` you speak so highly of jonathan parker . 
 how can he be friends with such a man ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure hunter pretends to be civilized when he 's with other men . 
 men like him always do . 
 but i can assure you i will tell jonathan everything , and something will be done . '' 
 by telling him , she would completely validate the story lucius had given him . 
 why , thank you , ambassador chow . 
 `` that truly would set my mind at ease . '' 
 i placed my fingers over my heart in a show of relief . 
 `` you are wonderful , ambassador chow . 
 truly . '' 
 `` please . 
 call me claudia . 
 and i would do the same for any other alien . 
 i believe other-worlders should have the same rights as humans . '' 
 `` claudia , '' i said . 
 `` if only everyone believed as you do . '' 
 the limo slowed , then stopped altogether in front of a towering white stone mansion , surrounded by a narrow cerulean river and an electric fence . 
 my heart began a fast , erratic dance . 
 we were here . 
 multicolored and multisized cars littered the grounds , and throngs of formally clad people meandered toward the arched bridge that led to the house . 
 moonlight stretched and yawned over the entire enclosure , as golden as i was . 
 i tried not to smile , but i felt , actually felt , the hum of lucius 's energy . 
 he was inside . 
 and he was waiting for me . 
 our mission was about to reach the next level . 
 chapter 14 the party overflowed with humans and other-worlders , twinkling jewelry , and rich fabrics . 
 real cotton , real silk , not the synthetic versions worn by the masses . 
 the room fairly buzzed with activity . 
 amid a thick haze of illegal cigarette smoke , expensive perfume , loud , laughing voices rolled through the air like a cadence of ocean waves . 
 candles glowed from wall sconces , giving off a dim , antique light . 
 alcohol flowed like a giddy river . 
 mahogany floors , plush carpets . 
 every piece of art hanging on the walls depicted a woman in different stages of dishabille and seduction . 
 several alabaster columns with ivy twined around their entire lengths stretched to the vaulted ceiling . 
 the elegance surprised me . 
 this foyer and living area did not resemble the modern , vibrant office i 'd seen when ghost-walking . 
 i remained at ambassador chow 's side as we worked our way through the throng of guests . 
 both men and women , humans and other-worlders , constantly slid their gazes over me in speculation . 
 the humans speculation soon turned to appreciation for my golden color . 
 i could almost see the direction of their thoughts-my skin and hair decorating their walls . 
 i scanned the crowd for lucius , for eenli , for jonathan , but i saw only strangers . 
 every few minutes , claudia paused to speak with someone . 
 i forced a casual , this-is-exactly-what-i-want-to-be - doing tone each time i translated her conversations with the other-worlders . 
 most of the complaints , as claudia had predicted , were about discrimination . 
 a mec 's office was wrecked by humans . 
 an arcadian-a race known for their white hair , psychic abilities , and dabbling in mind control-wanted the laws changed so he could marry his human lover . 
 a catlike taren had been locked in an a.i.r. jail for two weeks because he 'd been accused of stealing a dress from a human . 
 when the dress had been discovered in the back of the human 's closet , the alien was released but without an apology . 
 claudia offered each of them a fervent assurance that she would speak to the senate and do everything she could to get their problem resolved . 
 i hoped she followed through . 
 i was an other-worlder , but i 'd never known these prejudices , and it struck deep that others had . 
 michael had always protected me . 
 if someone had looked at me oddly , they were never again allowed inside michael 's house . 
 if someone said a derogatory word to me , they were never heard from again . 
 `` you 're not too bored , are you ? '' 
 claudia whispered when we had a rare moment alone . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 `` i have n't seen hunter . '' 
 her gaze darted left and right as she made sure we were n't overheard . 
 `` hopefully i was wrong , and he wo n't dare show his face here . '' 
 just then a tall , handsome man stepped from the crowd and approached us . 
 jonathan parker . 
 i recognized him instantly . 
 blond . 
 strong . 
 he wore a black silk suit that fit him perfectly . 
 our gazes met , and his thin lips played in a welcoming smile . 
 up close , he reeked of money , self-indulgence , and confidence . 
 `` hello , '' he said to me , barely sparing claudia a glance . 
 his low , seductive timbre scratched across my nerve endings . 
 `` hello , '' i returned , using my huskiest voice . 
 i even managed a soft , welcoming smile without gagging as i held out my hand . 
 `` i 'm jonathan parker . '' 
 he clasped my fingers and lifted them to his mouth , then placed a line of kisses between each of my knuckles . 
 `` you must be ambassador chow 's new assistant . '' 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 did he think i 'd be charmed by such a display ? 
 of course he did . 
 he fancied himself a smooth-talking ladies ' man . 
 i shook off my revulsion as images of his dead wives flashed inside my mind , and fluttered my lashes . 
 coyly i withdrew my hand . 
 `` i 'm eden black . '' 
 `` such a lovely name . '' 
 his heated gaze swept over me , lingering on my cle ** age . 
 `` eden ... a man 's paradise . '' 
 i chuckled seductively , as if i 'd never been so flattered . 
 the action stretched my acting talent to its limits . 
 `` i certainly hope so . '' 
 bastard . 
 the man was married , was supposed to be helping lucius win me , yet here he was hitting on me as if i 'd jump instantly into his bed . 
 naked and ready . 
 `` jonathan , '' claudia said , a stern edge to her tone . 
 in that moment , she was all business . 
 she pinned him with an equally stern stare . 
 `` i 'm glad you found us . 
 i need to talk to you about something very important . '' 
 still his gaze remained on me . 
 `` you know i 'm always willing to listen to your causes , ambassador chow . '' 
 his voice had lost its sensual edge and was now crisp with formality . 
 `` first tell me where you came to find this vision of loveliness . '' 
 `` she found me , and i 'm grateful that she did . '' 
 `` i needed a change of scenery to escape a bit of ... unpleasantness at home , '' i said , `` and claudia needed a translator . '' 
 `` unpleasantness ? '' 
 jonathan replied , his eyes locked with mine . 
 `` please tell me you were not subjected to the types of discrimination ambassador chow is always complaining about . '' 
 i glanced -lrb- shyly -rrb- away . 
 `` i wish it was that simple . '' 
 maybe i 'd take parker out after eenli . 
 an employee perk , if you will . 
 everything about him irritated me . 
 changing the subject , i said , `` claudia has spoken so highly of you , mr. parker . '' 
 `` please , call me jonathan . '' 
 `` jonathan , '' i said , pretending to savor the name . 
 i definitely deserved an award for my performance . 
 how could lucius say i was n't a good actress ? 
 `` jonathan , imust speak with you . '' 
 claudia stepped in front of me , a silent demand to be heard . 
 `` i 'm afraid eden is in danger . 
 the unpleasantness she mentioned has followed her here . '' 
 i moved beside her and watched jonathan arch a perfectly sculpted brow . 
 `` danger ? '' 
 he grinned slowly . 
 `` how ominous that sounds . 
 whoever would harm such a delicious creature ? '' 
 `` you , '' she said . 
 `` me ? '' 
 his face darkened and twitched with affront and i caught a glimpse of the killer he tried to hide . 
 `` i can assure you i would never harm a woman , and certainly not this one . '' 
 `` not you personally , but through your association with a certain individual . '' 
 claudia 's voice rose , projecting to those hovering around us . 
 he frowned , and his gaze moved over those people in a silent command to go about their business . 
 `` perhaps we should move this conversation elsewhere , '' he suggested . 
 claudia shot me a triumphant grin . 
 `` i knew he would help us . 
 i 'll only be a minute , eden . 
 jonathan , can you guarantee she 'll be safe while we 're gone ? '' 
 i think he wanted to ask who she thought would hurt me , but thought better of it out here . 
 he already knew the answer , anyway . 
 `` of course , '' he said . 
 he turned to me . 
 `` if anyone accosts you , there are ell-rollises posted along the edges of the room . 
 they each have pyre-guns under their jackets and have been ordered to subdue unruly guests . '' 
 claudia employed ell-rollis guards , as well . 
 had jonathan given them to her ? 
 they could be in league together . 
 after all , i had to wonder why she wanted to talk to him without me . 
 `` you two go on , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 i 'm going to make a quick trip to the ladies ' room . '' 
 jonathan 's gaze lingered on me for a long while , classical music floating around us like a gentle breeze , before he led claudia away . 
 when they disappeared in the crowd , i followed the path they had taken . 
 they passed two half-man , half-lizard ell-rollises , then jonathan scanned his fingers into an id box . 
 a bright blue light enveloped his hand . 
 a door slid open , and i caught a glimpse of light wood , those red and purple columns , and those fuchsia and yellow bookshelves before the door shut , cutting off my view . 
 i had to get into that room . 
 but how ? 
 secret door ? 
 i blinked . 
 yes ! 
 of course . 
 in all of michael 's homes , he had installed a secret door to every room . 
 he wanted to be able to get inside anyplace at anytime , as needed . 
 i bet jonathan was the same . 
 men with something to hide , as well as men with something to find , liked unlimited access . 
 liked watching and listening when others did n't know they were watching and listening . 
 michael could get to any room in his house through a hidden corridor that began in his bedroom . 
 jonathan would have that , too . 
 i knew it.felt it . 
 in his bedroom , he would be able to lock himself away for hours , do anything he wanted , no one the wiser . 
 i did n't have long before jonathan and claudia finished their chat , so i had to act quickly . 
 during one of our phone conversations , lucius had given me the layout of this house-just in case . 
 well , just in case had arrived . 
 i knew jonathan 's bedroom was upstairs , third door on the left . 
 there were probably guards upstairs , so i 'd have to be careful . 
 i 'd need a distraction . 
 nothing overt , just something to draw attention away from the stairs . 
 i spun slowly around , thinking , gazing , studying . 
 an idea hit me and i grinned . 
 when a waiter passed me with a tray of red wine , i claimed two glasses . 
 there , below the steps , was a woman in a sleek white dress , speaking with several men . 
 her hair was salon red , her skin sun-kissed , her makeup perfectly applied . 
 she 'd obviously spent hours preparing for this event . 
 determined , i strode toward her . 
 the different layers of scarves i wore danced at my ankles . 
 another female passed the group just in front of me , and she was holding her own glass of wine . 
 when i reached her , i tripped her and `` accidentally '' tripped myself , spilling both of my wineglasses . 
 both women screamed as red liquid cascaded over their hair , their clothes . 
 the entire room seemed to turn toward them , intent on finding out what had happened . 
 `` towels , '' i said . 
 several others began muttering about towels . 
 `` i 'll get them towels . '' 
 without another word , i slunk up the staircase as quickly as possible . 
 no one tried to stop me . 
 when i reached the top , i meshed myself behind the wall and into a shadowed corner . 
 just beyond , i could hear footsteps pacing back and forth . 
 one ... two sets , i realized . 
 i did n't have time to spirit-walk . 
 did n't have time to learn their nuances and sneak around them . 
 determined , i reached up to remove my hairpins-but i paused , dropped my hands to my sides . 
 killing them was n't necessary , and i did n't want blood on my dress . 
 i quietly palmed the miniature pyre-gun strapped to my thigh and programmed it to stun . 
 my adrenaline spiked-even as my feet ached . 
 damn heels . 
 say hello , boys , i thought , leaping into action , racing straight for them , not even pretending to be lost . 
 my hair swished back and forth down my back . 
 immediately i saw that both ell-rollises were holding pyre-guns . 
 they were startled to see me and raised those guns to shoot . 
 but they paused when they realized i was a woman , and their scaled , yellow faces darkened with confusion . 
 that pause cost them . 
 i fired two shots in quick succession . 
 a stream of blue light erupted , nailing one . 
 the second stream slammed into the other . 
 they froze in place , where they 'd be locked in stun for hours , unable to move . 
 but i could n't allow them to later tell jonathan what they 'd seen , so i fed them the hallucinogens . 
 they would n't know what was real , what was n't . 
 they might even be blamed for stunning themselves . 
 i bypassed them and quickly worked at the id box that locked the bedroom door . 
 a few seconds and two cut wires later , i was inside the room , the door closed behind me . 
 i sheathed my gun . 
 before i could revel in my victory , a hand smashed over my mouth and jerked me into a hard , hot body . 
 i recognized lucius 's decadent scent . 
 recognized the contours of his chest . 
 i 'd felt it that day in the woods , had seen it in my dreams . 
 still . 
 grab me , would he ? 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 it was time to prove to this man he would n't always get the upper hand with me . 
 i shoved my elbow into his stomach once , twice . 
 he puffed out a breath , and his hold on me loosened . 
 spinning around , i kneed him . 
 hard . 
 i did n't curb my strength . 
 he dropped to the fluffy white carpet with a pained moan . 
 while he was down , i slammed my fist into his temple , and his head whipped to the side . 
 i did n't want to break his nose or blacken his eye . 
 not because i liked him , but because it would n't do for people to know he 'd been in a fight . 
 `` do n't ever grab me again , '' i told him quietly . 
 `` dear god , '' he said . 
 there was pain in his eyes , but also respect . 
 and admiration . 
 `` you 're in a slinky dress , and you look like a lady . 
 you should n't do that to a man . '' 
 `` i 'll do whatever it takes . 
 always . '' 
 `` good to know . '' 
 he lumbered to his feet and massaged his balls . 
 `` do n't ever hurt the boys again . 
 i get vicious when they 're threatened . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` same thing you are , i 'm sure , and there 's no time to waste . 
 this way . '' 
 he grabbed my hand-i did n't hurt him this time-and led me to a mural of naked , frolicking couples . 
 he reached out , caressing his fingers between a redhead 's splayed legs . 
 `` what are you - '' the mural parted , revealing a dark entryway . 
 i almost clapped in excitement . 
 i 'd been right about the corridor ! 
 lucius tossed a grin -lrb- still a little pained -rrb- over his shoulder before tugging me inside . 
 the door closed , and total darkness surrounded us . 
 total silence . 
 lucius never slowed as we descended a staircase . 
 `` i hope you know where you 're going . '' 
 my words echoed through the small , cramped space . 
 `` i 've been here a thousand times . 
 i know the way . '' 
 an eternity had passed , or perhaps only a few minutes , when he ground to an abrupt stop . 
 he released my hand . 
 i heard a scratch , aclang , a muffled curse from lucius , and then another door was sliding open . 
 rays of light seeped into my line of vision . 
 `` in here , '' he said . 
 `` should we be talking ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` soundproof walls . '' 
 we stepped into a plain gray room that boasted a single wall of windows , nothing more . 
 those windows gazed into the library , where jonathan was lounging on the lime green couch , claudia seated across from him . 
 they each held a glass of dark , rich liquid . 
 i stopped and stared , but lucius walked to the window and pushed a panel of buttons . 
 the speakers came on , and we could suddenly hear what was being said . '' 
 - wo n't hurt her here , i promise you , '' jonathan was saying . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 your friend came to new dallas because he knew eden would be here . 
 he 's a stalker , jonathan . 
 a dangerous criminal who once kidnapped her and locked her away . 
 now , can you offer me a hundred percent assurance that he 'll leave her alone ? '' 
 jonathan chuckled . 
 `` that certainly sounds like something hunter would do . 
 the man has balls of steel . 
 but i 'm not his father , and i ca n't control him . '' 
 anger gleamed in claudia 's dark eyes . 
 `` you 're laughing about this ? '' 
 `` claudia - '' `` no . 
 eden is an alien and my employee , and therefore i am her protector . 
 you 'll either keep your friend under tight watch , away from her , or i 'll bring in the media . 
 you know several of them are sympathizers and will crucify you . '' 
 i blinked in surprise . 
 she was defending me , fighting for me . 
 was n't backing down . 
 was determined to help me . 
 in that moment , i realized she was n't working with or for jonathan . 
 she really did care about her job , about aliens . 
 a muscle ticked in jonathan 's jaw . 
 `` very well , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll speak with him . '' 
 done with the conversation , he unfolded to his feet . 
 `` come . 
 i 'll escort you back to the party . '' 
 claudia , too , stood . 
 she did n't wait for jonathan , but turned on her heels and strode out . 
 before he left , he tossed his glass against the wall , and gleaming shards rained onto the floor . 
 all that sneaking around for a small glimmer of conversation . 
 i glanced at lucius , who was watching me . 
 our gazes met . 
 clashed . 
 the intensity in his eyes was disconcerting . 
 confusing . 
 `` we better get back , too , '' i said . 
 he latched onto my arm , stopping me from movement . 
 `` can you handle this ? '' 
 he asked roughly . 
 `` once we leave this room , there 'll be no going back . '' 
 was he doubting me again ? 
 `` i can handle it , hunter . 
 you do n't have to worry about me . '' 
 `` these are dangerous people . '' 
 he stiffened , but slowly , slowly relaxed and surprised me by saying , `` the other day , i told you i had a mother . 
 she raised me the first ten years of my life . 
 she was a drug addict and a whore , but she loved me in her own way . 
 i think she was glad when social services took me away . '' 
 i could n't open my mouth to save my life . 
 i was riveted by his words . 
 why he was telling me this now , i did n't know . 
 `` i was given to a nice , conservative family , but i was already street-hard and used to doing whatever i wanted , so that did n't last long . '' 
 when he paused , i gulped and finally found my voice . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i was sent to a sadistic couple who liked to rent out their foster children . '' 
 a cold sweat broke over my skin at the implication of his words . 
 i should have let the subject drop . 
 knowing about him , about his past , was n't necessary and might actually harm my resolve to resist him . 
 to dislike him . 
 i should have let it drop , yes , but i did n't . 
 i had to know . 
 `` rent out ? '' 
 his shoulders lifted in a rigid shrug . 
 `` the first time they gave me to a man , i was scared and ashamed . 
 have you ever been raped , eden ? '' 
 my eyes wide , i shook my head no . 
 `` it 's a thousand times worse than anything you 've ever heard about it , and it 's what 's going to happen to you if something goes wrong . '' 
 `` i can protect myself , '' i said shakily . 
 `` i thought so , too . 
 but the second time i was sold , i tried to fight . 
 i was strong for my age , and i 'd been in a lot of fights . 
 he had me pinned to the ground in minutes , as if my struggles meant nothing . 
 i 'd never felt so helpless in my life . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i did n't know what else to say . 
 i 'd had a childhood of privilege . 
 yes , i 'd seen my parents murdered , but nothing had been done to me physically . 
 i 'd known love and safety . 
 `` so very sorry . '' 
 `` the third time , i went into a rage . 
 before i could be subdued , i stabbed the f ** king pedophile in the stomach . 
 he died , and i spent the next seven years locked away . '' 
 `` but you were a child . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` i was due to spend three more years inside , but michael stumbled upon my case and got me out . 
 i did n't tell you that for sympathy , so wipe that look off your face . 
 i told you because i want you to realize those are the type of people we 're dealing with here . 
 they do n't care about anything except pleasure and money . 
 they 'll rape you , sell you without blinking an eye , and we 're about to gift-wrap you and hand you to them . '' 
 i straightened my shoulders , fortified my determination . 
 `` if i do n't do this , no one will . 
 people will continue to be bought and sold , slaves to their masters . 
 ihave to do this . 
 i , at least , know what to expect . 
 i know how to defend myself . 
 they do n't . '' 
 he did n't speak for a moment . 
 just watched me , studied me . 
 i do n't know what i expected from him , but what he did was n't it . 
 without warning , he jerked me into his chest , and his lips came crashing down on mine . 
 i did n't think to resist . 
 could n't . 
 he 'd been hurt so long ago , and there was a deep need inside me to soothe that pain . 
 to make it go away , to wrap him up in total safety . 
 his tongue thrust and battled . 
 mine thrust and battled , as well , each of us craving something from the other . 
 something we should n't . 
 his strong , strong arms wound around me , slithered up and down my back before cupping my butt and lifting me up until i cradled his erection . 
 `` you excite me , '' he growled . 
 he did n't seem happy with the knowledge . 
 `` yeah , well , you excite me too . '' 
 i definitely was n't happy with the knowledge . 
 `` you also infuriate me . '' 
 he licked the seam of my lips . 
 `` you dropped me to my knees today , and that 's something no one else has done . '' 
 `` you deserved it . '' 
 i nipped at his jaw . 
 `` yeah , i deserved it . '' 
 he paused , pulled away from me . 
 `` you 're a better agent than i gave you credit for . '' 
 the unexpected praise shocked me . 
 thrilled me.rocked me . 
 my heart actually skipped a beat . 
 `` th-thank you , '' i stuttered . 
 he drew in a deep , shuddering breath . 
 the beams of light that couched his face gave him a menacing yet angelic ambiance . 
 conflicting , like the man himself . 
 `` all right , then . 
 now that that 's settled , let 's go buy your ticket into hell . '' 
 we traveled through the tunnel again and back into jonathan 's room . 
 i needed that time to get myself under control . 
 to stop thinking about lucius and his kiss , lucius and his praise , lucius and his past , and to concentrate on the mission . 
 he led me through a back way . 
 we soon reentered the party undetected and became part of the laughing crowd . 
 like a dream , smoke wafted around us . 
 `` this dance is mine , '' he said . 
 his strong , callused fingers wrapped around my wrist as his rough , husky voice shivered along my spine . 
 without waiting for my reply , lucius dragged me onto the dance floor . 
 back in character , i cast a helpless look over my shoulder , searching for claudia or jonathan . 
 i did n't see either of them . 
 soft , lulling music hummed from strategically placed speakers that were hidden in the walls . 
 lucius wound his arms tightly around me , and i fought the urge to sink completely into him and continue our kiss , picking up where it left off . 
 i gave him my complete attention , trying to appear fearful and furious . 
 meanwhile , my body thrummed with the pleasure of his heat and pine scent . 
 if only he had n't praised my abilities ... in the light , i saw that his dark hair framed around his chiseled face , and his faux-brown eyes glowed with ... what ? 
 i could n't read the emotion there , only the extreme intensity . 
 my fingers itched to trace the fake scar that slashed down his temple . 
 my mouth watered for another taste of him . 
 the small tastes he 'd already given me were n't enough . 
 not nearly enough . 
 the music began to fade from my ears , and the people around me vanished from my vision . 
 the gray suit lucius wore fit him to perfection , molding itself over each and every one of his muscles . 
 though his eyes were now brown , his lashes were the same : long , black , and spiky . 
 `` goddamn it , put up some kind of fight , '' he growled quietly . 
 `` you 're supposed to hate and fear me . 
 not f ** k me with your eyes . '' 
 common sense slammed into me . 
 my teeth ground together , and my gaze narrowed . 
 i slapped him with so much force his head whipped to the side . 
 the people around us gasped . 
 lucius did n't remove his arms from me . 
 no , he tightened his hold . 
 slowly he turned and faced me again . 
 `` better , '' he said , his eyes now glowing with amusement . 
 just for fun , i slapped him again . 
 he lost his amused glow . 
 `` i think people get the message . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 my tone was dark with suppressed animosity ... and desire . 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 he jerked me deeper into his arms . 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 he asked , his voice dropping an octave . 
 maybe his kiss had weakened my resolve to dislike him , maybe his praise had , or his confession about his childhood , because i suddenly wanted to give him an honest answer-the one thing i had n't given him in all our sexual sparrings . 
 but i had to stay in character from this point on , and we both knew it . 
 `` take your hands off me , '' i demanded and tried to pull away from him . 
 his hold tightened even further . 
 `` you like to play hard-to-get , eden , but we both know how easy you 'll be , '' he said , and there was a ring of truth in his tone . 
 he was n't speaking to my character , but to me . 
 `` you like where you are . '' 
 `` take your hands off me , damn it ! '' 
 `` first , admit that you like when i hold you . 
 i want to hear you say it . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 i 'd admit nothing , not for our audience and certainly not for him . 
 `` i 'll scream . '' 
 `` do it . 
 scream . '' 
 `` bastard . 
 you 'd like that , would n't you ? '' 
 `` i wo n't wait forever , you know . 
 iwill have you . '' 
 he leaned toward me , placing his lips near my ear , as if he meant to kiss me and whisper sweet words of love . 
 softly , so softly , he said , `` you 're the most erotic thing i 've ever seen . 
 your ni ** les are hard and your sheer dress does nothing to hide them . '' 
 i slapped him again , harder than before . 
 it was either that , or sink into him . 
 he stumbled backward . 
 `` stay away from me . '' 
 i projected my words loudly , loud enough that the people around us heard . 
 `` i do n't want you . 
 i ` venever wanted you . '' 
 i swirled around and finally found claudia . 
 her eyes widened when she spotted me , and her features became pinched with shock and concern . 
 jonathan 's darkened with anger . 
 claudia said something to him , and he motioned to one of the ell-rollises , who immediately raced toward him . 
 i reached them , and jonathan 's attention veered to me . 
 he forgot the guard as he took my hand , turned it , and kissed my wrist . 
 `` i 'm sorry if my friend frightened you . '' 
 i pointedly withdrew from his hold and glared at him . 
 `` he dragged me to the dance floor and would n't let me go . 
 he could have hurt me . '' 
 i stomped my foot , the perfect pampered child . 
 `` i would n't have let him , i assure you . '' 
 his brown eyes were already so dark they appeared black , but they darkened further . 
 `` claudia explained what happened between you and hunter . 
 believe me , i wo n't let anything like this happen again . 
 i 'll talk to him . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 but i remained stiff . 
 there , i thought with satisfaction . 
 i 'd done my job . 
 i 'd effectively established my dislike of `` hunter . '' 
 i 'd proven i wanted him nowhere near me , which would validate his growing desperation for me . 
 i gave my attention to claudia . 
 `` i 'm feeling poorly . 
 are you ready to leave ? '' 
 she nodded , her color high with anger . 
 she truly was concerned for me . 
 `` yes , of course , '' she said . 
 `` let 's get you home . 
 you 're shaking . '' 
 like a mother hen , she wrapped her arm around my waist and led me through the crowd and to the front door . 
 `` see that they make it to their car safely , '' jonathan commanded the ell-rollis . 
 i felt his gaze boring into my spine-and ass . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 i tossed a glance over my shoulder , past the ell-rollis now shadowing us , and watched as lucius approached jonathan . 
 the two men began arguing . 
 people inched away from them , but not far enough that they could n't listen . 
 unfortunately , i was too far away to hear . 
 jonathan pushed him . 
 lucius balled his hand into a fist , and it appeared like he was going to pound the stupid man into a bloody , lifeless heap . 
 but then jonathan pointed a finger in his face , said a few words , and lucius nodded stiffly . 
 both men glanced to me . 
 i did n't pretend to misunderstand what they 'd been talking about , and did n't pretend i had n't watched with interest . 
 lucius abruptly swung around and stalked toward the back door , widening the distance between us . 
 still glowering with anger , jonathan stared at me , silently commanding me to appreciate his efforts on my behalf . 
 i merely offered him a half smile and turned away . 
 though i desperately wanted to race after lucius and find out what had been said , i forced myself to keep pace beside claudia . 
 what kind of power did lucius wield over me that he made me forget my job , my surroundings , my ... everything ? 
 if i knew , perhaps i could fight against it . 
 fight againsthim . 
 the return drive to the ambassador 's residence was filled with chatter-all of it claudia 's . 
 she lamented on the plague that was man , promised to speak with jonathan again , and asked me over a thousand times if i was all right . 
 `` not a good first day on the job , was it ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i told her . 
 `` i handled hunter once , and i 'll handle him again . '' 
 unfortunately , i was lying on both counts . 
 chapter 15 why the hell are n't you in your apartment ? '' 
 a rough , infuriated voice growled . 
 i came awake instantly . 
 i lay in bed-my new , wheelbarrow-shaped bed at claudia 's home . 
 i wore a thin tank and equally thin sleep pants . 
 a soft yellow cover draped my lower half . 
 agent luc slept peacefully on the floor at the end of the bed . 
 and lucius was crouched at my feet . 
 when he realized i was awake , he sprang on top of me . 
 i had my knife at his throat before he could take his next breath . 
 he did n't flinch , did n't seem to care that i held his life in my hands . 
 frankly , i was amazed . 
 not only had he bypassed the ambassador 's security ; he 'd bypassed mine . 
 i 'd rigged the windows and door locks before i allowed myself to fall into sleep . 
 lucius 's weight pushed me deep into the mattress , making me all the more aware of the cool material underneath me , and the pure male heat on top of me . 
 `` how did you get in here without waking me ? '' 
 i demanded quietly , pressing the knife deeper . 
 not deep enough to draw blood . 
 not yet . 
 `` very easily . 
 now answer the damn question . '' 
 `` claudia insisted i stay here . '' 
 `` claudia , huh ? 
 you two are on a first-name basis ? '' 
 `` she 's not so bad . 
 she wants to protect me from you . '' 
 `` baby , nothing can protect you from me . '' 
 the darkness of his voice cut through the darkness of the room . 
 i tried to wriggle out from under him , but he had me pinned by his strength . 
 more than that , my halfhearted wriggling would n't have dislodged a feather . 
 it did spark my desire for him to new heights , though , causing my br ** sts to mesh into his chest . 
 the scent of honey began to encompass us in a fragrant cloud . 
 and perhaps , just perhaps , i intentionally spread my legs so his lower body would sink into mine . 
 his nostrils flared , and tension radiated off of him in decadent waves . 
 `` we 've got to do something about your perfume . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it gives a man ideas , '' he grumbled . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` what kind of ideas ? '' 
 `` the naked kind . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` did you bring luc ? '' 
 undiluted and unrestrained menace dripped from his tone . 
 i almost smiled . 
 almost . 
 `` agent luc is here , yes . '' 
 even in the moonlight , lucius 's eyes visibly darkened . 
 his ice-blue eyes . 
 no contacts . 
 he 'd come to me as himself . 
 my heart picked up in speed , drumming hotly in my chest . 
 `` i told you what would happen if you brought him . 
 where . 
 the hell . 
 is he ? '' 
 `` on the floor , '' i said , bending both of my knees . 
 an innocent -lrb- i swear -rrb- action that cradled him intimately against me . 
 i kept my knife steady . 
 `` the only thing on the floor is a f ** king lazy-ass dog . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 the word emerged on a smug breath . 
 `` and she 's not lazy . 
 she 's finally getting some rest after a horrible life with a predator . '' 
 in that moment , he understood how i 'd played him . 
 how i 'd purposefully made him jealous . 
 watching me , he popped the muscles in his jaw . 
 `` you 're going to pay for that , cookie . '' 
 `` yeah , and you 're going to pay for sneaking into my room . '' 
 at last i pressed the knife hard enough to nick him . 
 a tiny drop of blood slithered down his neck . 
 `` i named her after you . '' 
 `` if you could n't have me , you 'd have the next best thing , right ? '' 
 `` ca n't you take an insult as it 's intended ? 
 now get the hell off me . '' 
 if only i sounded convincing ... angry with myself , i pressed the knife a little more deeply into his neck . 
 he did n't answer or comment ; he was too busy staring at my lips . 
 for a moment , however , itdid look like he wanted to say something , something smart-assed and cutting , but then he changed his mind , pressed against the blade , and swooped down . 
 he kissed the breath right out of me . 
 his tongue plunged inside my mouth , and i opened eagerly . 
 helpless to do otherwise . 
 he tasted like man and heat , firing my blood , igniting my senses . 
 i could become addicted to his flavor , i thought dazedly . 
 his lips were soft , so soft , the perfect contrast to the hard battle of supremacy our tongues waged . 
 suddenly he jerked back , his breathing ragged and unsteady . 
 he glared down at me . 
 `` getting involved with an agent is stupid . '' 
 i glared up at him as i dragged in my own unsteady breath . 
 the blade winked between us . 
 `` getting involved with your partner is stupider . '' 
 `` do you care ? '' 
 he said , brows arching . 
 `` no . '' 
 i should have , but i did n't . 
 not here , and not now . 
 `` me , either . 
 drop the knife , eden . 
 we finish this . '' 
 `` do we ? '' 
 i smiled slowly , seductively , though how i was capable of the action when my mind had long since forgotten everything but lucius i do n't know . 
 i moved the blade over his collar like a caress . 
 `` i could kill you , instead . '' 
 `` drop it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i used the blade to cut his shirt . 
 his eyes widened ; his nostrils flared . 
 i tossed the tatters of his shirt aside . 
 he grabbed the knife and cut off my top then flung the blade aside . 
 it landed on the floor with a thump . 
 we were chest against chest . 
 my ni ** les abraded him , and he sucked in a breath . 
 `` you better be worth the wait , '' i said . 
 neither one of us commented on the fact that we had n't truly known each other long . 
 it just seemed like we 'd waited for this for an eternity . 
 when he did n't move , i prompted , `` do you need an engraved invitation ? '' 
 he groaned a sound more animal than human , and his lips instantly slammed into mine . 
 i moaned when one of his hot , callused hands found my breast and squeezed , then plumped . 
 my ni ** les beaded . 
 i 'd told him once that if he ever kissed me again , i 'd kill him . 
 to be honest , i 'd kill him without thought or hesitation if he dared stop . 
 we 'd been building to this moment since we first clapped eyes on each other . 
 why not get it out of the way so we could at last focus on our jobs ? 
 `` this is n't safe here , '' he said , tearing his mouth away . 
 `` then hurry . '' 
 `` you read my mind . '' 
 he uttered a ragged chuckle . 
 `` everything about you turns me on . '' 
 he laved my lips with his tongue . 
 `` the way you move . 
 the way you talk . '' 
 weapons were strapped all over him . 
 my hands unsteady , i tugged at the cords holding them to his chest . 
 he let me , too . 
 all the while , his mouth slanted over mine , his tongue plundering deliciously inside . 
 soon , his knives and guns surrounded us . 
 he jerked off his pants . 
 i jerked off mine . 
 i shoved at the covers that separated our lower bodies until finally , we had total skin-to-skin contact . 
 i sucked in a breath at the sheer heat , the rightness . 
 luc whimpered . 
 lucius tore away again . 
 `` good girl , '' he said over his shoulder . 
 his eyes met mine , and his tone changed , deepening with his next words . 
 `` very good girl . '' 
 sweat ran down his temples , and he breathed as shallowly as if he 'd run a marathon uphill . 
 lines of tension bracketed his eyes . 
 `` you 're a screamer . 
 i can tell . 
 just try and keep it down . '' 
 `` i am not a screamer , '' i whispered roughly . 
 a look of sublime pleasure consumed his features , tempered only by amusement and satisfaction . 
 `` then get ready , baby , because you 're about to . '' 
 `` enough talking . '' 
 i jerked his head to mine , claiming his lips in a kiss that branded my very bones . 
 my hands were everywhere . 
 all over him . 
 his ni ** les speared my palms ; the muscles of his back jumped under my assault , and his ass tightened . 
 i bent my knees ... and felt the weapons that were strapped to his thighs . 
 another barrier . 
 i cursed under my breath . 
 `` take them off , '' i whispered fiercely . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 i 'd never seen a man bolt up and discard his weapons so quickly in my life . 
 he watched me while he did it , his gaze so hot it scorched me . 
 my blood flowed through my veins in a rush of need and eagerness as i allowed my own gaze to slide down his body . 
 the long length of his penis strained thick , so thick , and hard . 
 i bit my bottom lip to keep from panting ; i clenched the sheets to keep from reaching for him . 
 i ached . 
 i felt the moisture pooling between my legs . 
 i wanted him all over me , inside me , stretching me , slamming deep . 
 finally , he was completely naked . 
 no weapons on him . 
 the next thing i knew , he was on top of me , between my thighs . 
 guns and knives bounced around us with the swiftness of his movements . 
 without a word , he pushed his way inside me . 
 i gasped at the extreme pleasure of it , at the heady sensuality . 
 he was long and thick and stretched me to the point of pain-pain that soon vanished into pleasure . 
 i 'd been with other men , of course . 
 had n't i ? 
 i suddenly could n't recall the image of any other man . 
 only lucius existed . 
 only the feel of his hands , his mouth , his cock . 
 `` eden , eden , eden . '' 
 he chanted my name with every inch he sank deeper . 
 finally , he was in to the hilt . 
 but he did n't move . 
 he remained utterly still . 
 he stared down at me , his hands by my temples . 
 `` i did n't use any goddamn birth control . '' 
 `` humans and aliens ca n't conceive . '' 
 at least , to my knowledge it had never been done successfully before . 
 though that did raise the question of why the government had issued a law against it if it was n't possible . 
 i did n't voice that little gem , however . 
 still he did n't move . 
 did n't answer . 
 desperation sparked to life inside me , strengthening all of my desires . 
 my body screamed for completion . 
 i needed it , would disintegrate without it . 
 i twined my legs around his waist ; i gripped his ass and tried to force him to move . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 i growled softly . 
 `` finish this . '' 
 one of his rough hands coasted over the sheet , then covered my knee and gently caressed upward . 
 that was the only movement he made . 
 `` you 're impatient , competitive , spoiled , and so damn hot i think about you all the time . '' 
 if he would n't move , i sure the hell would . 
 i arched my back , rolled my hips . 
 ah , there . 
 yes , just like that . 
 i did it again . 
 my eyes closed of their own accord , and i ran my tongue over my lips . 
 i heard him drag in a tortured breath . 
 he gripped both my hips to still me . 
 `` always determined to go it alone i see . '' 
 `` fuck me , lucius , or i 'll f ** k you . 
 either way , we 're both going to come . '' 
 fire exploded in his ice-blue eyes . 
 `` some of us are going to come more than others , '' he muttered darkly , but he slowly withdrew , then surged forward . 
 i gasped . 
 `` i bet i win . '' 
 `` i bet you do , too . 
 i liked it when you talked dirty . 
 do it again . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 the word emerged as a blissful moan . 
 `` again . '' 
 once more , he withdrew . 
 `` fuck me . '' 
 his lips edged in a wicked grin as he slid forward . 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 he clamped both of my knees and pushed them apart , wider and wider , sending him so deep inside me that i felt him everywhere . 
 not one inch of me was untouched by him . 
 that was all i needed to send me over the edge . 
 i shattered completely , and a scream of fulfillment burst from my throat . 
 spasms consumed my body , and i clenched him tightly to me . 
 luc barked . 
 `` shh , girl , '' i said , still flying through the stars . 
 lucius chuckled , and the sound emerged strained . 
 `` told you , '' he said . 
 he stilled again with a muttered curse . 
 `` damn it . 
 do you think we 'll have to do damage control ? '' 
 he pulled out of me and rolled one of my ni ** les through his fingers . 
 a drop of sweat trickled down his temple and onto my cheek . 
 i expected the pitter-patter of feet , and waited several moments . 
 when i heard nothing , i said , `` i think we 're good to go . '' 
 i bit back a blissful moan as lucius replaced his fingers with his mouth , sucking hard on my nipple . 
 `` i 'll be careful next time . '' 
 he moved his attention upward and licked my collarbone . 
 i closed my eyes for a moment as i savored the silkiness of his tongue . 
 reaching up , i traced my hands over the ropes of muscles that comprised his stomach . 
 god , he felt good . 
 like velvet over iron . 
 he bit my earlobe , and i gasped . 
 `` want more ? '' 
 he rumbled menacingly . 
 `` cause i 'm dying here . '' 
 `` more , more , more . '' 
 once more lucius pounded into me . 
 yes . 
 yes ! 
 as i met him stroke for stroke , arching into him , i would have sworn a blood oath at that moment that i 'd never felt anything so right . 
 my pleasure was already building steadily again , preparing me for another mind-shattering orgasm . 
 surely i had experienced such pleasure with someone else . 
 surely lucius did not mean more to me than any other . 
 i tried to close my eyes , to resurrect a face that had given me comparable pleasure . 
 `` do n't you f ** king dare look away , '' he uttered gutturally , having realized my intent . 
 `` watch me . 
 see me . 
 knowme . '' 
 i almost experienced my second orgasm right then because , as he spoke , he stroked in and out of me with determination , slipping and sliding , our bodies slick with sweat and desire . 
 the scent of cinnamon and honey intensified . 
 my knees squeezed his waist . 
 `` can you handle a harder ride ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` harder . 
 rougher . '' 
 that was all the encouragement he needed . 
 he rocked into me deep , deeper still , harder still . 
 rougher still . 
 as he did , he bit down on the sensitive cord in my neck . 
 i came right then . 
 my body shuddered with the force of it , and i silenced another scream that demanded release . 
 lucius meshed our lips in a brutal kiss of warring tongues . 
 he continued to hammer into me , riding the waves of my orgasm . 
 then his body stiffened , bowed , and spasmed , and i swallowed his roar of satisfaction . 
 a long while of shallow breathing passed . 
 when both of our heartbeats at last calmed , he collapsed on top of me . 
 i did n't mind his weight ; i welcomed it . 
 we stayed like we were , weak in the aftermath , every ounce of our bodies sated , afraid to shatter the lethargic spell . 
 `` i told you , '' he breathed against my ear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i barely had the strength to get that one word out . 
 `` that you 'd come more than me . '' 
 i smiled into his chest . 
 `` that means i won . '' 
 `` competitive , '' he tsked . 
 we settled into a comfortable silence for several minutes . 
 `` speaking of competitions , '' i said , `` have you learned anything about solar flares ? '' 
 `` not much . 
 you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 colin had n't contacted me , and i had n't had time to do the research i wanted . 
 `` guess we 'll have to wait to crown the winner , hmm . 
 iwill beat you . '' 
 he paused and pushed out a breath . 
 `` you 're not the spoiled princess i thought you were , '' he said . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 another admission from him.two in one day . 
 this one weakened me as much as the other . 
 `` i was at one time , '' i admitted . 
 i traced my finger around his nipple . 
 `` michael spoiled me rotten . 
 whatever i wanted , he bought me . 
 if he did n't buy it fast enough , i threw a tantrum the likes of which you 've never seen . '' 
 his breath fanned my cheek as he chuckled . 
 `` what about your parents ? 
 do you remember them ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 maybe i should keep my past to myself , but he 'd shared with me . 
 and for the first time , i had someone icould talk to about my parents , people i had loved and still missed . 
 i could n't with michael . 
 `` i have a vague image of my mother 's face , pretty and golden , but that 's all . 
 sometimes , in the quiet of the night , i can still hear her voice singing me to sleep . '' 
 `` she sounds like a good mom . '' 
 `` she was . 
 i wish i had a memento of her , something , anything , but the day after she and my dad died , our house was burned to the ground , destroying everything inside . 
 michael had moved me to a hotel , so i was n't hurt at least . '' 
 `` why did they leave raka and come here ? '' 
 `` they wanted something better , i think . 
 to escape the dictator who ruled them . 
 i 've always wanted to ask them , but ... '' lucius kissed the top of my head . 
 i realized , then , that this kind of bonding was propelling us into another realm of awareness . 
 a dangerous realm . 
 we both knew the drawbacks of becoming sexually involved with an agent . 
 but emotionally ... did we have any clue about the ramifications ? 
 i forced myself to get back to business . 
 keep it light ; keep it casual . 
 `` tell me what you and parker argued about at the party , after i left . '' 
 he rolled off me , then off the bed entirely . 
 cool air immediately ghosted over me . 
 a muscle ticked in his jaw as he began strapping his weapons onto his bronze chest and thighs . 
 `` lucius ? '' 
 as i watched him , i noticed the bite marks and scratches i 'd left all over him . 
 i liked it . 
 i liked seeing my brand on him . 
 `` jonathan wants me to leave you alone for a while , '' he said , the words rough and raw , `` to give you a chance to settle in before i pursue you . '' 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 `` why does he even care ? 
 i highly doubt he 's afraid of claudia 's wrath . '' 
 his shrugged , the action stiff . 
 `` why else ? 
 i told you it might happen . 
 he got a good look at you , and he wanted to f ** k you himself . '' 
 lucius ran his tongue over his teeth , his eyes glinting like pressurized steel , but he said nothing more on the subject . 
 `` will he continue to help you ? '' 
 luc appeared at the side of the bed , silently requesting reassurance . 
 i patted the bed and she jumped up beside me , all the while watching lucius warily . 
 i ruffled her fur , and that seemed to be enough for her because she relaxed . 
 `` i think so , '' he answered . 
 `` even if it 's merely to helphimself to you . '' 
 lucius pushed out a long stream of air . 
 `` i know i told you before , but it bears mentioning again . 
 you did good today . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you roared your satisfaction . '' 
 `` i do n't mean the sex , smart-ass . '' 
 i snorted and jerked upright . 
 stiffly i pulled on my ripped tank and shimmed into my panties . 
 `` all i did was turn you down . 
 i did n't do a damn thing to truly help this case . '' 
 i tried to keep the bitterness from my tone . 
 `` i have n't since the day i started . '' 
 he whipped around , leveling me with a hard stare . 
 the fierce scowl he wore had enough power to kill anyone in its path . 
 `` who got sahara rose to talk ? 
 who got closer to eenli than any other agent ever has ? 
 who got us the lead about solar flares ? 
 who got inside jonathan 's room undetected and knew to look for a hidden door ? '' 
 before i could respond , he added , `` you want so badly to prove yourself that you 're forgetting to stop and acknowledge what youhave done . '' 
 his intense gaze held me immobile . 
 only michael had ever praised me like that . 
 it was astonishing-and wonderful-that lucius kept doing so . 
 as if he had n't just rocked my entire world , he turned away and casually resumed dressing . 
 `` i put one of my men in this house , '' he said . 
 `` he 'll let me know which parties you 're going to attend , so i can make sure i 'm there . '' 
 i forced my mind on his latest words . 
 `` who is this man ? '' 
 `` he 's now the main driver for claudia . 
 white hair , violet eyes . 
 six feet . 
 a human pretending to be an arcadian . 
 go to him if you need immediate assistance . 
 also , i left a cell unit in your bag . 
 it 's programmed to dial my number the moment you open it . '' 
 expelling a breath , i shoved my hair out of my face . 
 `` you could have given it to me before i flew here . 
 why did you come here tonight , lucius ? '' 
 he shrugged , did n't turn to me . 
 `` you risked a lot , '' i persisted . 
 `` i risked nothing . '' 
 `` you could have been spotted . '' 
 `` i was n't . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 his motions clipped , he shoved a blade into the scabbard on his thigh . 
 `` because i 'm damn good at breaking and entering . '' 
 `` well , i 'm good at getting answers , and you have n't answered me . 
 why did you come here ? 
 tell me the real reason . '' 
 i wanted to hear him say it . 
 `` maybe i wanted to tell you to make sure claudia chow brings you to see jonathan and me tomorrow . 
 i want us all to have a heart-to-heart so you can rebuff me again . '' 
 `` you did n't have to come here to tell me that . '' 
 he bent over and jerked on his boots-i did n't remember him ever removing them-giving me a glimpse of his taut , pant-clad ass . 
 he straightened and paused ; his fists clenched . 
 `` i wanted to see you . 
 is that a good enough reason to risk everything ? '' 
 without waiting for my answer , he stalked to the bay window and disappeared into the night . 
 more than enough , my mind foolishly supplied . 
 the thought made me stiffen . 
 made me panic . 
 it hinted at deeper feelings , hinted at ... caring . 
 no . 
 no , no , no . 
 i dropped my head into my hands and forced myself to breathe . 
 he was an agent and my partner . 
 we 'd had sex , but it could n't be more than that . 
 i would n't allow it to be more than that . 
 too much was at stake . 
 `` nothing matters but the mission , '' i whispered , then said with more force , `` nothing matters but the mission . '' 
 chapter 16 the next morning my body thrummed with sensual remembrance , mocking my resolve . 
 sunlight poured past the wispy yellow-and-white curtains as i lay in the bed . 
 for a long while , i soaked up lucius 's lingering scent and let the softness of the sheets caress me . 
 my skin felt oversensitized , my thighs bruised , and i still emitted the telltale fragrance of honey . 
 `` you 're an agent , eden black . 
 do n't forget again . 
 last night does n't matter . 
 remember ? '' 
 i 'd give myself the reminder a thousand times if necessary . 
 agents who become emotionally involved were easily distracted -lrb- case in point -rrb- and constantly put their missions at risk . 
 michael did n't have a rule against it because he knew the forbidden often became the obsession . 
 still , we all knew the reality of agent relationships . 
 i forced myself from the bed . 
 i took luc for a walk , fed her , then quickly showered in the dry enzyme spray . 
 i strapped on my arsenal and dressed in slim black slacks and a white silk top . 
 steps clipped , i strode to my laptop , which was perched atop the marble vanity in the sitting area of my bedroom . 
 as i booted up the blue , jelly-like holoscreen , luc padded to me and i rubbed her head . 
 a message from colin popped up within seconds , and i nearly jumped up and down in eagerness as the words crystallized . 
 finally ! 
 `` sorry for the delay . 
 was out of town . 
 small solar flares usually have no effect and are basically undetectable , '' i read . 
 `` large solar flares , however , create auroras . 
 at the right angle , these can reach down and create a geomagnetic storm , which can distort the earth 's magnetic field . 
 if that happens , radios , tvs , cell units , airplane communications , basically anything that reacts to magnetism , can be affected . 
 i suppose , in theory , a being or object could be molecularly transported into the belly of another solar flare-ifthey were wearing some sort of magnetic device . 
 to my knowledge , that 's never been done . 
 does this help , or do you need more ? 
 colin . 
 p.s. let 's do dinner soon . 
 i miss you . '' 
 a thrill of satisfaction danced through me . 
 i 'd been right . 
 my lips curled in a smile . 
 i 'd been right ! 
 laughing , i replied , `` this helps . 
 thank you . 
 can you give me an example of a magnetic device that would work best ? 
 eden . 
 p.s. no dinner . 
 you 're a good friend , but an awful boyfriend . '' 
 a knock sounded at my door . 
 i quickly shut down my computer and strolled to the thick cherry wood entrance . 
 strolled ? 
 yes , i had a spring in my step that could n't be denied . 
 i could n't wait to share this information with lucius-and win the solar flare competition . 
 after unscrewing the extra cylinders i 'd placed in the lock , i pulled open the door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i said to the woman in front of me . 
 or rather , to the pure white , deliciously fragrant orchids in front of me . 
 no , not pure white , i realized a moment later . 
 flecks of gold had been sprinkled on the petals . 
 `` these came for you , '' a soft , lyrical voice spoke in halting english . 
 as i studied the orchids , a very feminine reaction occurred inside me . 
 i melted . 
 my bones literally liquefied , and my muscles turned to mush . 
 before i took them from her , i removed and read the card.thank you for last night . 
 i pressed my lips together to keep from scowling-or smiling , i was n't sure which . 
 way to keep it about the mission , lucius . 
 anyone who read the card would think `` secret admirer , '' but i knew . 
 `` thank you , '' i told the woman and claimed the heavy crystal vase . 
 i tried to shut the door with my foot . 
 i 'd shut off the automatic sensor . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 she was an agamen . 
 not attractive by human standards because of the small horns protruding from her skull-horns that produced poison when the agamen was frightened-but her eyes were a pure , liquid silver and very pretty . 
 `` there 's more . '' 
 i placed the flowers on a nearby table and turned back to her . 
 i 'd fought only one agamen over the years . 
 he had rammed me in the stomach , and i spent six weeks recovering from the toxic liquid that invaded my body . 
 she bent down and hefted another vase , this one stuffed with blood red roses . 
 `` these also came for you . '' 
 again i read the card before taking the flowers.i 'm sorry you were upset last night . 
 i hope you 'll give me a chance to make it up to you . 
 jonathan . 
 the only reaction i experienced towardthis gift was satisfaction for a job well done . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , taking the roses and setting them behind the orchids . 
 `` the ambassador wishes to speak with you in the formal dining area . '' 
 i massaged my neck and stifled a sigh . 
 i 'd wanted to call lucius and tell him what i 'd learned . 
 now there would n't be time . 
 `` i need a moment . '' 
 not bothering to shut the door , i rummaged through my bag for the right pair of shoes . 
 open-toed black heels . 
 my feet immediately screamed in protest , but i strapped the torture devices on anyway . 
 to the agamen , i said , `` please , lead the way , '' speaking in her own language . 
 she blinked at me in surprise , then smiled slowly , revealing sharp gray teeth . 
 `` come . '' 
 down the elegant hall and winding stairs we went , the fragrance of coffee growing stronger . 
 i tried not to grimace ; i truly hated that smell . 
 i did n't know how humans could drink coffee . 
 it was so bitter . 
 if i had my way , only sweet-smelling food and drink would be prepared . 
 finally we reached our destination , a dining room with an antique cherry wood table , benches instead of chairs , and pictures of sunflowers on the walls . 
 no animal heads . 
 the ambassador sat at the table , which was piled high with food . 
 her black hair was pulled back in another severe twist , and she wore a severe black pantsuit . 
 `` sit , sit , '' she said when she spotted me , waving to the chair across from her . 
 i did as she requested . 
 she looked me over and frowned . 
 `` eden , dear , you look tired . 
 are you still upset about the party ? '' 
 `` a little , '' i lied . 
 `` well , stop that right now . 
 i told you i spoke with jonathan , and he assures me he will see to your safety , as well as to hunter . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 you 've been wonderful about this whole thing . '' 
 `` speaking of wonderful , '' she said . 
 she sniffed the air . 
 `` what is that heavenly scent you 're wearing ? '' 
 feeling hot pink circles consume my cheeks , i shifted uncomfortably in my seat . 
 `` i 'm , uh , not wearing perfume . '' 
 her brow puckered in confusion . 
 `` you have to be . 
 you smell . 
 in a good way , '' she rushed to assure me . 
 `` like honey . '' 
 `` no . 
 no , perfume . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well . 
 maybe it 's the food . '' 
 she swept her hand over the buffet of choices . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 i filled my plate with toast and eggs . 
 there was a bowl of sugar probably meant for the tea , but i sprinkled several heaping spoonfuls over my food . 
 everything tasted better with sugar . 
 everything except these eggs , i realized after the first bite . 
 they possessed enough salt to fill an ocean , and even the sugar could n't mask it . 
 i managed to choke down a few bites before pushing my plate away . 
 claudia nibbled on a piece of toast . 
 `` did you get the flowers jonathan sent you ? 
 i think he sent you the rosesand the orchids . 
 he feels terrible about what happened . '' 
 lucius had insisted i find a way to jonathan 's residence today , so i said , `` i 'd like to thank him in person , if i may . '' 
 claudia brightened and dropped her toast onto her plate . 
 `` that 's a wonderful idea . 
 i 'll call him right now and see if he can fit us in . '' 
 she clapped her hand and called , `` martha . 
 please bring me the phone . '' 
 a few seconds latter , martha floated into the room holding a silver tray . 
 a black cell unit and receiver rested on top . 
 claudia anchored the earpiece in place and said , `` jonathan parker . '' 
 pause . 
 she grinned . 
 `` jonathan . 
 this is claudia chow . 
 eden black and i would like to meet with you - '' her lips pursed , and there was another pause . 
 this one longer . 
 `` no . 
 we want to meet with you , not you and hunter . '' 
 `` i 'll meet with both of them , '' i rushed out . 
 she blinked at me in puzzlement . 
 `` but ... but ... '' `` i 'm eager to get this settled . '' 
 i needed to be careful about my eagerness . 
 `` jonathan , '' she said into the mouthpiece . 
 `` i 've changed my mind . 
 we 'll meet with both you and hunter . '' 
 pause . 
 `` yes . 
 thank you . 
 until then . '' 
 she tossed the unit back onto the tray , and martha floated out of the room as gracefully as she 'd entered . 
 `` we 're meeting with them this afternoon , after we make my morning rounds . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 thank you . '' 
 her `` rounds , '' as it turned out , consisted of door-to-door schmoozefests at other-worlders ' residences . 
 i spent the next four hours interpreting conversations about health care , dietary needs , and earth currency as claudia chow visited with her constituents . 
 i admit , her concern for the aliens of new dallas impressed me . 
 finally we were inside the limousine and headed for jonathan 's house-the moment i had been waiting for . 
 i enjoyed the lush green landscape , the hills on one side of the window and the flat plains on the other that whizzed past the window . 
 `` i feel like i have n't thanked you enough , claudia , for championing my cause . 
 you really fight for other-worlders , and i commend you . '' 
 her cheeks flushed with pleasure . 
 `` i do what i can . '' 
 `` i 'll be honest , '' i said , facing her . 
 `` you are n't what i expected . '' 
 she furrowed her brow . 
 `` what did you expect ? '' 
 `` someone who saw other-worlders as a prize , but did n't actually care for them . '' 
 `` aliens are people , too . '' 
 `` yes . 
 we are . 
 but not everyone realizes that . '' 
 she leaned forward and whispered , `` i 'm considering dating a taren , the one who spent a few weeks in an a.i.r. prison for allegedly stealing a dress . 
 he 's asked me out on several occasions , but i 've always told him no . 
 any '' - she coughed - `` advice for me ? '' 
 i could n't picture claudia with a feline , for that 's what tarens were . 
 they walked and talked like humans , but their skin was patched with fur and their tongues were abrasive . 
 some could walk through walls . 
 i 'd trailed several over the years , and had seen them do it . 
 `` advice ? '' 
 i was not the girl to come to for relationship advice . 
 `` hmm . 
 well . 
 treat him like you would a human , i guess . 
 and pet him often . 
 tarens like that . '' 
 she nodded , her expression rapt , as if she were soaking up my every word . 
 `` pet him . 
 yes . 
 good idea . '' 
 `` i do n't know what more to tell you , '' i admitted . 
 `` i 've never dated a taren myself . '' 
 tips on killing them , i could give her . 
 thankfully , our car eased past the tall iron gates of jonathan 's estate , effectively ending our conversation . 
 i saw the towering mansion , white brick and jagged peaks . 
 the lawn was perfectly manicured , but the grass was sparse . 
 my heartbeat picked up speed-not out of fear , but in anticipation . 
 even now lucius waited inside , ready to push our prey further . 
 several black-clad guards manned the outer walls , i noticed , semiautomatic pyre-rifles strapped to their sides . 
 interesting . 
 jonathan had human guards today , rather than aliens . 
 when the car parked in front of the entrance , we emerged in the afternoon heat , strolled over the bridge , and entered the coolness of the house . 
 the french doors were already open , like arms beckoning us inside . 
 we were expected , after all . 
 my gaze collided with one of the guards positioned at the side of the door . 
 another human . 
 his eyes widened with ... awe ? 
 greed ? 
 he took an unbidden step toward me , even reached out to touch me , but an older man dressed in a black suit led claudia and me past him . 
 his arm dropped to his side . 
 we were taken straight to jonathan 's office , the very office he and claudia had occupied last night . 
 lucius was there and seated on a blood red chair , his feet resting on the faux-fur ottoman . 
 he watched me through narrowed eyes , his lips firm and unyielding . 
 i pretended to ignore him , though every cell in my body screamed in awareness . 
 `` thank you for the flowers , '' i told jonathan . 
 `` and for agreeing to meet with us . '' 
 a muscle in lucius 's temple ticked . 
 `` my pleasure . 
 `` jonathan , seated behind the desk , beckoned claudia and me to take the green couch across from lucius . 
 he had a cut lip , i noticed . 
 `` i 'm so glad you could come , '' jonathan said , his cultured baritone very smooth . 
 he watched me , but i did n't feelhis gaze boring into me like i did lucius 's , branding me , making me ache . 
 `` this is hard for me . '' 
 i cast a dark glare at lucius . 
 that was the only way i could allow myself to study him . 
 the contacts he wore made his eyes as dark as a midnight , starless sky , but there was a spark inside them i had never seen before . 
 there was a bruise on his left cheek . 
 had the two men fought ? 
 `` i 'm anxious to have this problem fixed . '' 
 `` as are we . '' 
 jonathan nodded to lucius , a silent you-may-begin . 
 `` i would never hurt you , '' lucius said to me , speaking for the first time since i 'd entered . 
 his rough voice washed over me in sensuous waves . 
 `` is that so ? 
 you jerked me off the street . 
 locked me in your home . 
 yesterday you jerked me onto the dance floor and would n't let me go . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for that . '' 
 he did n't sound sorry . 
 in fact , he leered at me . 
 `` i was ... overcome , seeing you again . 
 but i did n't hurt you , you have to admit . '' 
 i pressed my lips together , admitting nothing . 
 `` we 're all civilized adults , '' jonathan said . 
 `` and i assure you , hunter has learned his lesson . '' 
 `` i want to believe you . '' 
 i forced my eyes to fill with tears . 
 `` i really do , but do you see the way he 's looking at me ? 
 he is n't sorry . 
 not really . '' 
 i could n't accept hunter 's apology or jonathan 's assurances because the stage had to be set for my abduction . 
 it had to appear hunter could n't win my affections through conventional means . 
 later , when i left , he would be able to speak to jonathan about `` buying '' me . 
 jonathan would then speak with eenli . 
 and eenli would then come after me . 
 once i discovered what magnetic device eenli used to transport his `` cattle , '' i 'd have the pleasure of killing him . 
 ah , life suddenly seemed so good . 
 `` i think ... i think i need a moment alone , '' i said . 
 i placed a shaky hand over my heart . 
 i 'm sure lucius already searched the house , but i wanted to do my own search . 
 he might have missed something . 
 if there was any information about eenli , the abducted , about the portals or solar flares , i wanted to know it . 
 `` will you excuse me ? '' 
 `` if you want fresh air , there 's a veranda down the hall . 
 just off to your right , '' jonathan said . 
 `` i wo n't be gone long . '' 
 i knew lucius would distract them if i did n't come back in a timely fashion . 
 this was going to be fun . 
 chapter 17 of course , i did n't go to the veranda . 
 for privacy , the guards had been sent away and were no longer inside . 
 remaining alert , i strode to the first room i came to . 
 surprisingly , it was n't locked . 
 i stepped inside . 
 the scent of bleach and lemon permeated the small , dim space . 
 a cleaning closet , i realized happily . 
 they were often overlooked as inconsequential . 
 i ran my fingertips over several bottles of cleaner as i looked for a trash receptacle . 
 there , in the back . 
 grinning , i bent over it and riffled through the contents . 
 dirty napkins , an old pair of shoes . 
 i sighed . 
 people used computers and digital notepads , so paper-rare as it was-was hardly used anymore . 
 still ... a girl could hope . 
 next , i found a bathroom . 
 it , too , was open . 
 blue-and-white marble flooring , an antique porcelain tub . 
 fake plants in every corner . 
 but nothing of importance . 
 the only other room in this hallway was a laundry . 
 large and wide , the area overflowed with clothes and servants , poles for the material , and dry-spray hoses that ejected the cleaning enzymes . 
 i stood in the doorway , watching the women work for a moment , hoping to catch sight of something of jonathan 's . 
 maybe he 'd left something in a pocket . 
 suddenly a thick , hairy male arm reached from behind me and clamped over my mouth . 
 i was pulled into a hard body , and it was n't lucius 's . 
 the scent was different , not as clean . 
 the feel was different , not as muscled and hot . 
 the man kicked my knees , and i buckled to the floor . 
 i winced , but i did n't fight . 
 not yet . 
 not until i knew what was going on . 
 had jonathan already contacted eenli ? 
 was this my abduction ? 
 `` i 've got her , '' a deep male voice whispered . 
 `` hurry , '' another man said , his voice frantic . 
 `` before someone sees us . '' 
 they dragged me outside , and i glanced up , squinting past the intense light . 
 my abductors were human and dressed entirely in black , guns strapped to their sides . 
 jonathan 's guards , i realized . 
 in fact , the one holding me was the man i 'd seen positioned at the front door when i first arrived . 
 excitement at last sparked in my veins . 
 this had to be it ! 
 i had n't expected him to act so quickly . 
 `` be careful with her . 
 do n't damage her skin . 
 do n't pull her hair too hard . '' 
 `` will you shut up ? 
 i 'm doing the best i can . 
 we 've got to hurry , or we 'll be seen . '' 
 the man who held me by the hair cast me an evil , greedy smile . 
 `` we 're gon na sell your skin and hair for a fortune , pretty girl . '' 
 he jolted into motion , hefting me up by the waist and carting me away from the house . 
 the other man followed quickly behind us , tossing nervous glances over his shoulder . 
 they were n't here to abduct me . 
 they were here to de-skin me ! 
 cold , haunting fury replaced my excitement . 
 the bastards wanted to flay the gold skin right off my body . 
 sell it . 
 hurt me unmercifully . 
 my fury intensified with every step my tormentor made , but i did n't utter a sound of protest . 
 alien voice was as incriminating as human dna or fingerprints . 
 that was why a.i.r. had strategically placed high-frequency recorders and satellites all across the globe . 
 if an alien was ever implicated in a crime , his voice was logged into a database , then used to trace his whereabouts . 
 i doubted my name was located in any of the databases-michael would have seen to that-but i could n't risk it . 
 i did n't want to be linked to the slaughter about to happen . 
 my captor squeezed me even tighter , almost cutting off my air . 
 once we reached a cluster of thick bushes that hid us from view of the house , i tangled my feet in his legs , tripping him . 
 as we fell , i twisted toward him and slammed my palm into his nose . 
 he hit the ground , collapsing on top of me and howling in pain . 
 gasping for breath , i rolled out from under him , already jumping into position to attack the second man . 
 i crouched and lashed out with one leg , sweeping both of his feet off the ground . 
 he flailed midair , then landed with such a loud thud , i would n't have been surprised if he cracked his skull . 
 as he lay there moaning , i sprang up , whipped the knife from his waist-band-the very knife he 'd planned to use to peel away my skin-and slit his throat . 
 he gurgled , became silent . 
 everything happened so quickly , the first man only now realized what had transpired . 
 blood poured from his broken nose as he stared , wide-eyed , at his friend . 
 a roar of rage and horror erupted from him , and he leapt at me , hands raised to choke the life from me . 
 i held the dripping knife steady , waiting , waiting until he reached striking distance . 
 only then did i swoop low and gut him , sharp silver sinking into human flesh . 
 his own momentum sent the blade deep . 
 he gasped as his knees buckled , and in the next instant he was dead , collapsed at my feet . 
 i sucked in a breath of satisfaction . 
 simple . 
 easy . 
 they deserved what they 'd gotten . 
 i did n't feel an ounce of remorse . 
 i could n't leave them like this , however , because i did n't want anyone to realize i was responsible for this carnage . 
 if they knew , they might begin to wonder how a delicate other-worlder interpreter , a peaceful raka , had bested two burly human males . 
 though i did n't possess any fingerprints , i cleaned the knife with the men 's clothing to remove any evidence i might leave behind and placed the hilt in one of their hands . 
 the other guy needed a weapon , too , so i performed a thorough search and found one strapped to his ankle . 
 i dipped the tip in the other 's blood before wrapping his fingers around it . 
 there . 
 done . 
 they looked like they 'd fought with each other , and both emerged the loser . 
 satisfied with my work , i cleaned my hands in the grass as best i could and strolled back to the house . 
 i whistled along the way . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 claudia asked the moment she spied me . 
 she stood on the porch steps , staring down at me in concern . 
 `` i went for a walk , '' i said , all innocence . 
 `` but ... '' her eyes grew wide , concerned . 
 `` there 's blood on your shirt . '' 
 i glanced down and spotted the crimson splotches . 
 jonathan and lucius joined her in the doorway , avidly watching and listening to our conversation . 
 i felt lucius 's questioning stare all the way to the marrow of my bones . 
 `` jonathan , '' i said , forcing myself to tremble , `` two of your men are knife fighting just over the north hill . 
 i was coming to tell you . '' 
 lucius 's eye flared . 
 jonathan frowned . 
 claudia raced to my side . 
 she wrapped her arm around my waist . 
 `` knife fighting ? 
 dear god . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 i had to contain my smile as she ushered me to the limo . 
 that night , i waited for lucius to come to me . 
 i stayed crouched under the window , in the shadows , practically glued to the wall . 
 it was n't a comfortable fit , but i did n't mind the pain . 
 anything to best lucius . 
 i 'd reinforced the balcony lock with steel pins , which would force him to crawl into my room through the highest , smallest window above me . 
 i grinned because i knew he 'd have to climb down from the roof to fit . 
 would he make the effort ? 
 oh , yes . 
 he would . 
 i heard the gentle slide of glass , which meant he 'd already disabled the security box . 
 a moment later , i saw his booted feet peek through . 
 silently i jolted up , grabbed his ankles , and jerked him inside . 
 not expecting the action , he propelled to the ground , crashed hard and grunted . 
 the wire he 'd used to rappel from the roof snapped his feet back up . 
 i was on top of him in the next instant , my knife at his throat . 
 he wore all black , but no face mask shielded his face from view . 
 a bead of sweat trickled down his temple . 
 he remained where he was , silhouetted by shadows and moonlight , staring up at me . 
 `` think you 're funny ? '' 
 he bit out on a quiet breath . 
 like lucius , i wore black pants and a black shirt . 
 i 'd hoped , by wearing these clothes , i 'd ensure we would n't become sidetracked . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 i tapped the silver blade against his cheek . 
 `` think i 'm funny , that is . '' 
 his gaze slitted . 
 `` where 's your dog ? '' 
 `` in the bathroom . '' 
 i 'd locked her in and petted her to sleep on a fluffy pallet . 
 i had n't wanted her to worry if lucius and i tussled . 
 `` sneak in on me once , and that 's my bad . 
 sneak in on me twice , and it 's yours . '' 
 i cut the wire to his feet . 
 his legs dropped to the ground with a thump , and lucius sighed . 
 he tangled a hand through his hair . 
 `` you 're turning out to be more than i ever expected . 
 i 've told you that , have n't i ? '' 
 `` yes and i still take it as a compliment . '' 
 i inched off him and sat down , remaining in a crouch . 
 he pulled himself up and met my stare . 
 `` that 's how it was meant . 
 now , tell me what happened at jonathan 's . 
 why was there blood on your shirt ? 
 why were those two guards dead ? '' 
 `` i did a little exploring , and those men followed me . 
 they dragged me outside , behind some bushes , hoping to steal my skin and hair . '' 
 his ice-blue eyes became hard , steely . 
 `` for the gold ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 he prompted when i said no more . 
 `` and i killed them . '' 
 `` were you hurt ? '' 
 once again his muscles tensed as he waited for my answer . 
 he reached out and gripped my arm with vise-like strength . 
 `` not even bruised , '' i assured him . 
 i tossed the blade aside . 
 instantly he relaxed . 
 i told him what i 'd learned about the solar flares , and he nodded . 
 `` that 's good stuff . 
 there 's more there , i know it . 
 keep digging . '' 
 `` you do realize i 'm winning , right ? 
 i 'm truly kicking your ass . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yes , i realize you 're winning . 
 you want to hear what happened after you left jonathan 's or not ? '' 
 i tried not to let my eagerness show . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 first , he surprised me by tugging me to his side . 
 i did n't protest , but all the while i told myself i was n't going to have sex with him again . 
 we 'd been there , done that . 
 did n't need the added complication . 
 again . 
 one of his hands gently caressed my back , the other clasped my palm . 
 `` the men were found , but jonathan assumed they 'd simply killed each other . 
 after we cleaned up the mess , jonathan pulled me inside his study for a chat . 
 he would n't say eenli 's name , but he offered to put me in touch with a man who could help me ` obtain ' you . '' 
 excitement pounded through me . 
 this was it . 
 we were so close . 
 without removing my hand from his , i leaned back and rested my weight on one of my elbows . 
 my hair spilled over my shoulder and onto his stomach , gold against our black clothing . 
 `` it wo n't be long now . '' 
 `` no . 
 it wo n't be long . '' 
 i nodded as satisfaction blended with my excitement . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 eenli would soon send someone to abduct me . 
 god , i could n't wait ! 
 with his free hand lucius wound long strands of my hair around his palm and tugged my face close to his . 
 `` i know having you taken is the plan , but i expect you to be armed . 
 from this moment on , wear your weapons twenty-four/seven . '' 
 `` i do , anyway . '' 
 `` you 'll also inject the isotope i brought . 
 it bonds to your cells and helps us track you . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 `` three months . '' 
 `` and if the mission is completed in two days ? '' 
 `` do n't argue . '' 
 his expression turned hard , unbending . 
 `` you understand the reason for it . '' 
 `` i do n't like the fact that anyone who knows about isotopes and computers will have access to my location . '' 
 `` we 're setting you up to become some bastard 's slave , eden . 
 hopefully mine , but maybe not . 
 you want to risk being captured and no one knowing where to find you ? '' 
 damn it . 
 i hated it when someone had a good point-a point that annihilatedmy point . 
 he was right . 
 there was a chance i 'd be taken underground , hidden away by a stranger . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'll inject it . '' 
 `` good girl . '' 
 `` i 'll inject it , '' i added , `` on one condition . '' 
 `` what condition is that ? '' 
 `` tell me your real name . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you still have two guesses , and i 'm not telling you a damn thing . '' 
 `` at least tell me what your first name starts with . '' 
 `` why do you even care ? '' 
 he asked , an edge to his voice , layered by a forced casualness . 
 `` i do n't like calling out a fake name during sex , okay ? '' 
 `` we having sex again ? '' 
 his lips twitched , and i felt my heart skip a beat . 
 he looked so relaxed just then , so sexy . 
 i loved it when he lost his reserve and simply enjoyed the moment . 
 i do n't think he allowed himself to do that very often . 
 neither did i. `` no ? '' 
 i said , more a question than a statement . 
 damn it . 
 `` liar . 
 tell me what the f stands for in your name . '' 
 oh , oh , oh . 
 what was this ? 
 `` i thought you did n't care . '' 
 `` maybe , like you , i was lying . '' 
 `` i 'm not telling , '' i said in a singsong voice . 
 i liked , really liked , that he wanted to know . 
 his eyes dipped to my mouth , and he ran his bottom lip between his teeth . 
 `` i 'm not telling , either , so i guess we have ourselves what 's called a mexican standoff . '' 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 i lost my smile . 
 he looked like pure desire just then . 
 total pleasure . 
 i gulped and hurried to change the subject , to get our minds on the right track . 
 `` when i 'm taken i want you to kidnap luc from here and take care of her until i return . '' 
 `` consider it done . '' 
 the teasing light slowly extinguished in his eyes . 
 before i could protest , he rolled over and pinned me . 
 i held my breath as he stared down at me . 
 hell , even the room seemed to hold its breath . 
 a thin beam of moonlight slipped past the curtains over the window , illuminating his bronze skin . 
 a gentle breeze caused those curtains to dance over us , circle us in a wispy , private haven . 
 my pulse leapt . 
 he braced himself on his hands , and his gaze raked over my clothes . 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` did you really think locking the balcony doors would stop me ? '' 
 stay strong . 
 do n't give in . 
 `` look , we have more to talk about . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 we 've got a lot to talk about . '' 
 reaching behind him , he tugged his shirt over his head . 
 my mouth watered at the sight of his pecs ... his shredded abs . 
 `` put your shirt back on . '' 
 i did n't sound convincing , not in the least . 
 as he stared deeply into my eyes , hetsked under his tongue . 
 `` silly girl . 
 you 're going to be the death of me . 
 you know that ? '' 
 he leaned down , placing his mouth within a whisper of mine . 
 his warm , soapy scent enveloped me . 
 `` talk later . 
 fuck now . '' 
 then he was kissing me , and i was kissing him back . 
 i forgot what i wanted to tell him , forgot everything but this man and his wicked mouth . 
 without slowing our kiss , he peeled away my clothes and weapons , as if i 'd never been stupid enough to don them . 
 i tore off his pants , wanting-needing-skin-to-skin contact . 
 his hardness to my softness . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 i might hate myself for it later , but there it was . 
 i knew how he felt buried deep inside me , and i craved that again . 
 i knew how my name sounded on his lips as he found his pleasure . 
 iwould have that again . 
 `` you did n't cut into my skin this time , '' he whispered huskily against my lips . 
 he stood , scooped me up and tossed me on the bed . 
 the mattress bounced with my weight . 
 he was beside me in the next instant . 
 `` that 's progress . '' 
 `` why are you talking ? '' 
 i tugged him down on top of me . 
 he gave me his full , muscled weight . 
 i cradled his long , thick erection between my legs and rubbed against him , already wet , already willing . 
 the friction nearly caused me to go off like a rocket . 
 my honey scent blended with his pine scent , fragrancing the air . 
 he paused while i nipped at his jawbone , his neck , and he blinked . 
 he pulled back , searching my gaze . 
 then he slowly grinned . 
 `` you smell like honey when you 're turned on . '' 
 i stilled . 
 i did n't deny it , but i did n't confess , either . 
 his smile widened . 
 `` i may be slow , but i finally figured it out . 
 that day in the gym ... '' `` so what ? '' 
 i snapped , my cheeks heating . 
 `` admit it , baby . '' 
 he laughed with genuine amusement . 
 `` i rocked your world then , and i 'm rocking your world tonight . '' 
 his male superiority irritated me . 
 my eyes narrowed , and i seductively licked my lips . 
 `` just for that , '' i told him , `` you 're going to be punished . '' 
 heat flared in his eyes , melting the ice into blue fire . 
 `` how ? 
 a spanking ? '' 
 he sounded so eager , i almost laughed . 
 `` not a spanking . '' 
 though i liked the idea of inflicting a bit of innocent pain , then easing away the sting . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 a bead of sweat rolled down his temple and dangled at his chin . 
 `` i probably deserve a good , hard one . '' 
 `` you have to make me come three times . '' 
 `` three ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` you only managed two last time . '' 
 i traced my hand between our bodies , letting my fingers graze his erection . 
 `` damn , you 're evil , '' he said , but there was a layer of anticipation and relish in his tone . 
 `` thankfully i 'm up to the task . '' 
 he swooped in and gave me another tongue-thrusting , frantic kiss . 
 his hands and fingers worked over my body , plumping my br ** sts , pinching my ni ** les , caressing between my legs before darting away . 
 within minutes , i was writhing and moaning his name . 
 he licked his way down my body , and my belly quivered . 
 without pause or breath , he drove his tongue into the heart of me . 
 i had to bite my hand to cut off the screams i could n't allow , causing sultry , hungry moans of total abandon to emerge . 
 his tongue tormented me , made me ache and claw at his shoulders . 
 `` you taste like you smell , '' he murmured against me . 
 `` honey and cinnamon . '' 
 the moment he worked two fingers inside me , i shattered . 
 i arched and writhed and chanted his name in my head . 
 still he did n't stop . 
 he worked me with his fingers , rubbing deliciously-without ever entering me-until i climaxed twice more . 
 `` that was three orgasms , '' i gasped when i was able . 
 `` i 'm going to give you an extra one because of the naughty thoughts i 'm having . '' 
 i would have laughed if i 'd had the strength . 
 `` am i forgiven for teasing you ? '' 
 he asked , his chin resting on my pubic bone , his breath fanning my stomach . 
 god , yes . 
 i nodded . 
 i thrummed and pulsed from the force of my last orgasm as he climbed up my body and entered me . 
 hard . 
 swift . 
 expertly . 
 i wound my hand around his neck and drew his head to me . 
 our lips met , our tongues clashed . 
 he tasted hot , like me , like himself . 
 like pure passion . 
 a taste i already craved like an addiction . 
 his hands coasted to my hips , gripped them and urged me higher , to take him deeper . 
 his teeth nipped at my lips . 
 i nipped back . 
 we were fierce and growling with our need . 
 `` it should n't be this good , '' he said hoarsely , darkly . 
 as he spoke , one of his hands moved to my breast and pinched the golden nipple between his fingers . 
 his hips began a rotating dance that increased my pleasure . 
 i came again , squeezing his back , gripping him . 
 his orgasm quickly followed mine . 
 he bit the cord of my neck to contain his roar.so good , so good , so good , my mind chanted as i floated to the stars . 
 afterward we lay together , silent . 
 he rolled to my side , keeping me cradled in the strength and torridity of his arms . 
 a sensuous spell wrapped around us . 
 i could have stayed there forever , i think . 
 and that scared me . 
 business , remember . 
 i swept my hair from my sweat-beaded face . 
 `` did jonathan say anything else to you ? '' 
 i asked , getting back on track . 
 lucius did n't speak for several minutes , and the wall clock ticked away . 
 finally he said , `` after he made the offer to help me , he started acting strangely . '' 
 `` strangely how ? '' 
 `` he would n't meet my gaze and hurried me out of his office . 
 he 's up to something , i 'm sure of it . 
 something more than acquiring you for me . '' 
 `` any idea what ? '' 
 he pushed out a frustrated breath . 
 `` i think something 's going down . 
 i think another girl is going to be taken . 
 he got a call and , well , i listened from the two-way . 
 he talked about needing a girl for one of his associates while flipping through a file of pictures . 
 i tried to find out more , but he never brought it up again . '' 
 so . 
 another girl could very well be taken . 
 i could n't let that happen . 
 not when there was something i could do . 
 `` i can find out what he 's doing , '' i said hesitantly . 
 lucius 's gaze sharpened on me . 
 `` how ? '' 
 my next words froze in my throat . 
 i 'd kept this part of myself secret for so long . 
 even michael did n't know . 
 telling someone now was difficult . 
 it exposed me , made me vulnerable . 
 lucius would n't hurt me , would fight to protect me . 
 i knew that deep down . 
 i never would have slept with him otherwise . 
 but ... `` i can spirit-walk , '' i said , glancing away from him . 
 his head tilted to the side as he studied my features . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` my spirit leaves my body and roams free on another plane or dimension . 
 i 'm like a ghost . 
 no one can see me , but i see them . 
 no one can hear me , but i hear them . 
 i 'll spirit-walk to jonathan 's , watch him , listen to him , and he 'll never know . '' 
 for a long while , lucius continued to study me . 
 he stared down at me , his ice-blue gaze unreadable . 
 then he said , `` you 've done this to me . '' 
 his tone was devoid of emotion , as well . 
 i did n't try to deny it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` at jonathan 's . '' 
 `` yes , '' i said again . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 i 'd suspected then that he 'd sensed me , but the thought had been laughable . 
 then . 
 not any longer . 
 `` i smelled you . 
 no one smells like you , like rich , warm honey ... '' he paused . 
 `` and sex . '' 
 i expected him to be angry at what i 'd done , but he surprised me by adding , `` smart trick . 
 can you take your weapons ? '' 
 `` i take whatever is strapped to my body . '' 
 `` does michael know any of this ? '' 
 looking away , i shook my head . 
 his expression became pensive . 
 `` why not ? 
 what 's the downside ? '' 
 i hated admitting to weakness of any kind , but he had to know . 
 `` if i 'm gone too long , my body grows weak . 
 plus , while i 'm gone my body is left completely vulnerable to attack . 
 someone can hurt me , kill me , and there 's nothing i can do about it . 
 no way i can fight . '' 
 he paused , tense as my words churned inside his mind . 
 `` so if the room your physical body is in catches on fire - '' `` i burn with it . '' 
 pause . 
 then , `` is yourspirit ever in danger ? '' 
 `` only if my body is hurt . '' 
 silence surrounded us as he pondered everything i 'd said . 
 finally , he nodded . 
 `` then do it . 
 we need to know what 's going on . '' 
 `` if someone comes to the door - '' `` i know what to do . '' 
 yes , he knew exactly what to do . 
 he 'd kill if he had to . 
 he 'd create a distraction if he had to . 
 no one would get into this room without his approval . 
 `` where can i find jonathan ? '' 
 lucius named several places . 
 i nodded , leaned toward him , and placed a soft kiss on his lips . 
 `` no worries , '' i told him . 
 `` i know what to do , too . '' 
 `` you just get back here in one piece . 
 understand ? '' 
 chapter 18 after i dressed , i lay back atop the yellow sheets and closed my eyes . 
 a deliciously naked , but awake lucius rested beside me . 
 not even his sultry scent could distract me from my unease . 
 i was nervous about doing this in front of him . 
 the fact that i felt his intense blue stare boring into me did n't help.just do it . 
 deep breath in , deep breath out-more of lucius 's scent . 
 concentrate . 
 another deep breath gradually released . 
 save the girl.that 's what mattered . 
 very slowly , my mind faded to black . 
 my body relaxed into the mattress . 
 my energy centered inside my stomach , swirling and pushing for release . 
 my spirit began to rise up , up , and then i was standing beside the bed , looking at myself . 
 and lucius . 
 his bare skin glowed in the moonlight . 
 my hair draped over him like a blanket , playing peekaboo with his ni ** les . 
 the golden hue of my skin complemented the bronze of his . 
 as he lay beside me , his big , hard body could have completely engulfed and overshadowed my smaller , seemingly delicate one . 
 but it did n't . 
 i looked protected by him . 
 even ... loved ? 
 i shied away from that thought , though a sense of rightness lingered . 
 he fingered several strands of my hair between his fingers . 
 `` be careful , '' he whispered . 
 the huskiness of his voice sent a shiver through me . 
 i should n't have , but idid relish his concern for me . 
 unbidden , i reached out for him , for his heat . 
 i allowed my fingers to caress his chest . 
 sometimes , with intense concentration , i could actually bring an object into this enigmatic realm with me . 
 now , however , my fingers simply coasted through him . 
 he sucked in a breath , and his muscles jerked under my touch . 
 i forced myself to step away , to leave the house altogether . 
 i had a job to do . 
 because i was not bonded to jonathan in any way , i had to find him on my own , without any invisible tug . 
 when i spied a sedan on the side of a dim road , i slipped inside . 
 the driver , an older male human , tapped his foot impatiently against the floorboards as he waited for the car to finish changing its own flat tire . 
 soon we were flying down the highway , listening to songs about beer and nasty women and pickup trucks . 
 when the man swerved down a different exit than i needed , i simply propelled myself through the car door , like mist leaving at morning 's first light . 
 i floated to the ground and treaded over two miles through forest before finally reaching my destination . 
 most of the inside lights were out , making the home appear dark and littered with shadows . 
 anticipatory , i slipped over the bridge and past the front door . 
 that anticipation dimmed after a thorough search of every room . 
 jonathan was not home , nor were any servants up and around , but i did catch a glimpse of his wife . 
 she lay on a lacy bed better suited for a fairy princess , and i watched as the shell of a woman sucked back a mutated form of onadyn as if it were her favorite candy . 
 as the drug worked its way through her body , her mind flew higher and higher , as if she were being asphyxiated . 
 a few days of that , and she 'd be dead . 
 shaking my head , i caught a ride to one of the other places lucius had mentioned , a dim , smoky private bar . 
 gyrating music blared from every corner . 
 there were about thirty occupants , a dozen or so men interspersed with naked , dancing women . 
 some of the women were other-worlders . 
 a mec , like eenli , with glowing greenish skin that proclaimed her arousal , slid provocatively up and down a pole . 
 she had no br ** sts , only a flat chest that appeared softer than silk . 
 strangely enough , the human men could n't get enough of her . 
 they constantly petted her skin as if they were addicted to her touch . 
 but i 'd finally found my man . 
 jonathan sat alone , drinking golden liquid from a crystal glass . 
 he watched the dancing women silently , his expression pensive and drawn . 
 one woman , a delensean with blue hair , azure skin , and four arms , approached him , a seductive pout to her cerulean lips . 
 he growled and shooed her away with a stiff wave of his hand . 
 i claimed the seat in front of him and studied him , this enemy of mine . 
 his clothes were wrinkled , and lines of tension bracketed his mouth . 
 here , he was n't the smooth , stylish man he 'd been at the party . 
 he remained where he was for the next hour . 
 why was he here ? 
 was he waiting for someone ? 
 he never spoke to anyone , only raised his index finger every so often to signal his need for another drink . 
 after he finished his fourth glass , the wall clock flashed fivea.m . 
 a look of determination settled over his features , and he very calmly stood and strode from the building . 
 i blinked in surprise , but followed him . 
 a car and driver waited for him out front . 
 `` home , '' he told the driver , his first word of the night . 
 he settled in the plush back seat , and i slipped in beside him-just as the door closed on half of my ghostly form . 
 a slight tingle worked through me , my spirit 's only reaction . 
 the car eased into motion . 
 jonathan stared out the window the entire drive , and the closer he came to his estate , the deeper the lines of anxiety around his mouth became . 
 what the hell was wrong with him ? 
 damn it , i wanted inside his head . 
 once he reached his home , i followed him as he pounded up the stairs and into a bedroom . 
 not his wife 's , i noticed , but his own , a room with masculine decor in dark shades of greens and blues . 
 i had n't had time to study it last time i 'd been here . 
 the large four-poster bed had blood red silk sheets , and there were mirrors on the ceiling . 
 a harness hung in the far right corner , and a clear plastic carpet covered the floor below it-to prevent any bodily fluids from staining his pristine floor . 
 so he liked harsh sexual games . 
 how surprising . 
 he did n't change clothes , but remained in his striped slacks , tie , and jacket . 
 he strode straight to the phone beside the bed , lifted the receiver , and said , `` wayne . '' 
 my heart galloping in my chest , i hurried to his side . 
 `` wayne '' was a human name eenli often used . 
 i did n't hear the person on the other end answer , but in the next instant jonathan said , `` i changed my mind . 
 forget the woman you told me about earlier . 
 she wo n't work . '' 
 silence . 
 i cursed under my breath because i could n't hear the other voice . 
 `` just get the raka . '' 
 a pause . 
 then , `` hunter is willing to pay whatever it costs . 
 get it done . 
 soon . '' 
 i rubbed my hands together and grinned . 
 he did n't want the other girl . 
 good . 
 they were planning my abduction for lucius . 
 even better . 
 everything was falling into place . 
 eenli said something that made jonathan chuckle , made his shoulders relax . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` make sure she 's unharmed . 
 for every bruise your men put on her , for every tiny scratch , the price for her dwindles . '' 
 i did n't doubt that the `` no harm '' came straight from lucius . 
 the men disconnected , but i waited for something more to happen . 
 i watched as jonathan stripped naked , humming happily under his breath . 
 he wore a smug smile as he climbed into his bed . 
 i hoped the phone would ring , but it did n't . 
 a few minutes later , jonathan began snoring . 
 i walked to the edge of the bed and gazed down at him . 
 his features were completely relaxed in sleep , giving him a boyish , innocent quality . 
 how deceptive . 
 how easy to kill just then . 
 unfortunately , we still needed him . 
 i made my way outside . 
 the moon had already begun its descent , giving way to the sun . 
 i quickened my step , focusing my mind 's eye on lucius and my own body . 
 very soon , i felt my spirit being sucked back , closer and closer . 
 i lost my foundation , saw sparkling white lights . 
 soon i caught a quick glimpse of the ambassador 's house , an even quicker glance of my bedroom and lucius pacing around the bed , luc trailing his every step , before my body and soul collided.click . 
 for a moment , i saw only darkness . 
 then my eyelids popped open . 
 lucius must have sensed my presence because he was suddenly right beside me , glaring down at me . 
 luc jumped up and propped herself at the foot of the bed , watching our interaction . 
 `` where.the hell . 
 have you been ? '' 
 lucius gritted out softly , menacingly . 
 `` what took you so goddamn long ? '' 
 `` he was n't at home . 
 i had to search for him . '' 
 his eyes flashed with furious fire as he lowered his head closer to me , so close our noses touched . 
 `` do you have any idea-any f ** king idea-what i 've been imagining ? '' 
 i returned his glare with one of my own . 
 `` that i was doing the job i told you i 'd do ? '' 
 `` not quite , '' he grumbled . 
 `` that i 'm a capable woman ? '' 
 `` damn it , eden . '' 
 his warm breath whipped over my face . 
 `` this is n't about your silly need to prove you 're as strong and capable as i am . '' 
 `` silly ! '' 
 was all i could get out . 
 `` silly ? '' 
 `` in case you did n't notice , it 's dawn . 
 i expected you an hour ago . 
 at least . 
 you would have worried had i been gone so long , and do n't try to deny it . '' 
 when i remained stubbornly silent , he added , `` would n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 are you happy ? '' 
 i shoved him off and jolted up . 
 `` yes , i would have worried about you . '' 
 satisfied with that , he dropped beside me and pulled me down . 
 `` tell me everything that happened . '' 
 `` jonathan called eenli , '' i said , relaxing into the curve of his side . 
 `` they 've set up the abduction for me , and jonathan canceled the order for the other girl . 
 i do n't know why . 
 he just said she would n't work . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 his tone became hard as granite . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` they did n't discuss details . 
 it was apparent they had spoken about me before . '' 
 lucius rubbed his neck , his expression darkening . 
 `` i do n't like this . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 this is what we 've been waiting for . '' 
 `` i do n't like the plan . 
 letting them take you . '' 
 `` why the hell not ? 
 it 's a good plan . 
 and right now it 's the only way to save the other slaves eenli has taken . 
 it 's the only way to find out how he 's using solar flares as portals . '' 
 `` you could get hurt . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` are n't you the man who told me he 'd kill me if i got in his way ? 
 are n't you the man who cares about no one and nothing ? '' 
 `` that was before , '' he mumbled , looking away from me . 
 i knew the feeling . 
 i should n't have had sex with him the first time , and damn well should n't have again . 
 but i had , and there was no going back . 
 i could n't pretend to dislike him anymore . 
 i liked him . 
 too much . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 he jumped to his feet . 
 `` we should never have gotten involved , because i ca n't stop worrying about you . 
 i wo n't return here , '' he said . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 he reached inside his pants pocket and withdrew a small syringe . 
 sparkling red liquid swirled inside . 
 he handed it to me . 
 `` we do n't know when they 'll strike , and i ca n't be with you when they do . '' 
 `` is this the isotope ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 inject it into your leg . 
 i 'd do it , but ... '' he did n't want to hurt me . 
 i tried not to soften toward him yet another degree . 
 i wrapped my fingers around the vial , jabbed the needle into my thigh-suppressing a wince at the sharp sting-and pushed . 
 burning warmth spread from my leg , branching throughout the rest of me . 
 i glared up at lucius as i shoved the empty syringe into his palm . 
 `` done . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i dropped my head in my hands . 
 `` this has all happened much faster than i imagined , '' i said , and we both knew i meant more than the case . 
 i did n't know how to deal with lucius right now , though . 
 with us . 
 `` too fast ? '' 
 he chuckled , but the sound lacked any hint of humor . 
 `` maybe . 
 but from now on , we think about the case . 
 nothing else . 
 your life could depend on it . '' 
 chapter 19 two days passed without a single abduction attempt . 
 two angst-filled days . 
 i spent them accompanying the ambassador on her rounds , translating idle chatter and more in-depth conversations about discrimination , while projecting a carefree facade . 
 i 'd seen lucius only once , at a party hosted by one of the ambassador 's friends of a friend . 
 he 'd remained a safe distance from me but had watched me the whole evening . 
 his gaze had been a living entity , reminding me of the way he 'd kissed and caressed me , the way he 'd brought me to climax so many times . 
 i 'd forced myself to ignore him , to think only of the case . 
 the following day , i received another message from colin and used the cell unit lucius brought me to read it to him . 
 the conversation was short and sweet . 
 `` i have a friend working on solar flares , and he told me he 's begun experimenting with small , inanimate objects to find out just what type of magnetic device would be most conducive to molecular transference within a solar flare . 
 so far he 's had no luck . '' 
 his frustration crackled over the line . 
 `` i was hoping for more by now . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but he did mention that a small , molecule-based magnet would work best . 
 it offers photomodulated magnetization , can store data , and offers magnetic shielding and induction . 
 and , unlike metal-based magnets , it can be deposited as a thin , transparent film or even inserted within another object . '' 
 `` yeah , but can something so small generate enough power to transport a body astronomically ? '' 
 `` i 'll ask . '' 
 `` let me know if you learn anything else . '' 
 and that was it , the end of our conversation . 
 i disconnected and lay in bed , moonlight bathing me . 
 agent luc was already asleep in the bathroom . 
 i did n't want to take a chance that she 'd be hurt when i was taken.when would i be taken ? 
 i hated waiting . 
 a cricket hummed a lazy tune , and a cool , dew-scented breeze wafted through the open windows . 
 i was making it easy for my abductors . 
 i was also prepared . 
 i wore silver sleep pants and a clinging silver top . 
 they allowed easy movement , but were difficult to pull off . 
 of course , i had two knives strapped to me-one at the small of my back , the other on the inside of my thigh . 
 my hair clips were too aberrant for bed , as was the anklet . 
 part of me expected lucius to arrive at any moment , but he stayed true to his word and did n't visit . 
 i glared up at the domed ceiling . 
 men ! 
 who understood them ? 
 not me , certainly . 
 well , that 's not true . 
 i 'd once thought i understood them . 
 they needed sex , food , and water to survive , and their every action hinged on whichever need took prominence . 
 lucius was ... different . 
 he worked hard , kept his mind on the prize . 
 he did what was necessary for success , despite his own needs and wants . 
 i respected that . 
 i respectedhim . 
 he was the best agent i 'd ever come across . 
 a partner i had n't wanted , but could n't deny had been the best thing to happen to this case . 
 had i not been so lost in my thoughts , i never would have been caught so unaware . 
 a hand whipped out from the darkness and pinched my nose closed . 
 panic rocked me at first , and i instinctively grasped at the hand to push it away . 
 i even opened my mouth to suck in a breath . 
 the man , whoever he was , dumped a tart liquid down my throat the moment i parted my lips . 
 i tried to spit it out , but he smothered both my nose and mouth , forcing me to swallow . 
 `` there you go , '' he said , his voice low and soothing . 
 i did n't recognize his voice . 
 `` sleep now , '' he added gently . 
 `` we wo n't hurt you . '' 
 finally , eenli 's men had arrived . 
 i almost laughed through my fading panic . 
 `` what did you give me ? 
 poison ? '' 
 i demanded of my attacker , as any sane woman would . 
 i kicked at him and , like a scared little female , scooted toward the headboard . 
 a black mask concealed his features , but he could n't hide the strength and size of his frame . 
 only slighter shorter than lucius , he filled out his black military fatigues menacingly . 
 `` i gave you an opiate to help you sleep , '' he said . 
 `` we do n't want to kill you , i promise . '' 
 that showed exactly what he knew about rakas . 
 not a damn thing . 
 i was impervious to opiates and most other human drugs . 
 he would have had better luck with a nice aged scotch or rich brandy . 
 `` i 'll scream , '' i said , making my words slur . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` screaming wo n't matter , little girl . 
 we drugged everyone else inside the house , too . 
 they 're sleeping the night away . '' 
 `` you ... bastard . '' 
 i pretended relaxation , however , and after a few seconds , gave a grade a performance of falling unconscious . 
 contrary to what lucius said , my acting didnot suck , thank you very much . 
 eenli 's men agreed with me . 
 `` that was easy , '' one of them said . 
 if the man decided to rape me , i 'd have a miraculous awakening , however , and show them just how sweet i could be . 
 there were some things i wouldnot do for my job . 
 shockingly , he softly kissed my forehead , a gentle , innocent pressing of lips against skin . 
 perhaps i should n't have been surprised . 
 after all , jonathan had made it very clear i was n't to be harmed in any way . 
 eenli had probably sent his sweetest abductors . 
 what a lovely oxymoron . 
 `` look at this gold , '' he whispered . 
 `` pretty , '' another man said , awed . 
 i did n't recognize his voice , either . 
 `` do you know how much money we 'd make selling her skin ? '' 
 `` you wo n't be hurting her . 
 we 're to deliver her as we found her.we 'll be cut into tiny pieces and sold if we harm her . '' 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` but ... maybe we could cut off some of her hair . 
 maybe a few strands , '' he rushed on . 
 `` nothing that would be noticed . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 we - '' `` no . 
 now shut up . 
 we 're running out of time . '' 
 strong arms slid under me and lifted . 
 i let my head loll , but not before i caught a whiff of expensive , musky cologne . 
 the scent could not have masked dirty flesh or rotting clothes . 
 no , whoever carried me was clean and well groomed , obviously nicely paid and not the cheap labor eenli usually used . 
 cologne pushed out a breath . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i was gently carried to the balcony , the same balcony lucius had first used to enter my room . 
 of course , i 'd removed the extra pins when i learned my abduction was being planned , making entry into my room easy . 
 being an agent , i 'd stalked and hunted victims . 
 i 'd never been one myself . 
 letting these men cart me away warred against every instinct i possessed . 
 my mind wanted me to fight , to prevent this from happening . 
 to kill . 
 how could i allow these men to make me a slave ? 
 there was no better way to find and destroy eenli and save the others he had enslaved . 
 i knew it , and took what comfort i could in the fact that these men had n't patted me down and did n't know about my blades . 
 most likely , they had n't considered that an other-worlder interpreter-and a peace-loving raka , at that-would be armed . 
 the two men took turns holding me as they harnessed themselves to a wire , then i too was strapped in and braced against one of them . 
 cool night air slithered around me as i was lowered to the ground . 
 `` careful , careful , '' said a rough voice from the window . 
 `` i am careful , '' the man holding me replied . 
 `` you 're letting her dangle . 
 grip her tighter . '' 
 wind kicked up , and my body shook precariously . 
 i , too , almost shouted an order to be held tighter . 
 `` screw you , '' he said , his voice hard with rebellion . 
 `` if i hold her any tighter , i 'll cut off her air and she 'll die . '' 
 the bastard squeezed my breast -lrb- purposefully -rrb- as he tightened his hold to make a point . 
 feigning a muscle spasm , i slammed my fist into his balls -lrb- also purposefully -rrb- . 
 he howled in pain , a tortured squeak that echoed in my ears . 
 `` bitch , '' smashed balls growled when he caught his breath . 
 i think he meant to backhand me , but expensive cologne stopped him with a menacing , `` hurt her , and i 'll kill you myself . '' 
 my captor cursed under his breath . 
 i could hear the wheels turning inside his mind as he decided whether slapping me around would be worth his death . 
 `` she busted my nuts . '' 
 `` she 's f ** king asleep , you ass-wipe . 
 let 's just get her out of here before you alert security . '' 
 `` security is napping . '' 
 `` with all your howling , they wo n't sleep much longer . '' 
 pause . 
 `` damn it , now you 're holding hertoo tightly . 
 she 's turning blue . '' 
 `` do you hear her complaining ? '' 
 smashed balls snapped . 
 `` she 's asleep , ass ** le . '' 
 another burst of wind circled us . 
 `` she ca n't complain . 
 release your death grip . '' 
 `` you should have f ** king carried her down yourself . '' 
 when the ground touched my feet , i put no weight on my legs , instead letting them buckle as if i were slumbering peacefully . 
 my captor had to brace my entire weight . 
 he grunted . 
 `` she 's heavier than she looks . '' 
 `` or you 're weaker thanyou look . '' 
 `` get down here and hold her yourself . 
 and i hope like hell she slams a fist intoyour nuts , '' he added softly . 
 i heard the click of metal as expensive cologne reached the ground . 
 he liberated me , hefting me into his arms . 
 immediately he began running , causing my neck , arms , and legs to bounce up and down . 
 they were being paid to keep me unharmed , but at this rate they were going to break me in half . 
 finally , the three of us reached the getaway vehicle . 
 about that time , a shout sounded in the distance . 
 lights turned on and illuminated the area . 
 `` see what you did ? '' 
 cologne growled . 
 `` fucking hell , '' smashed balls bellowed . 
 `` drive , just drive . '' 
 i was chucked unceremoniously into the back seat and left in a heap as the two men jammed themselves beside me . 
 the sound of squealing tires erupted . 
 i almost sighed . 
 my abduction was a success . 
 for all of us . 
 chapter 20 the car ride proved to be long and tedious . 
 the men , now three in number because of the driver , talked and laughed about my fate . 
 `` he 's going to do her hard , '' one of them said . 
 they were talking about lucius , who was to be my new master . 
 my reaction ? 
 mental eye-roll and gag . 
 the fact that lucius had already `` done '' me pretty damn hard did n't factor into the picture . 
 `` lucky bastard , '' the driver muttered . 
 rough , scratchy fingers began stroking my jawline , and i almost jerked away from the unwanted touch but managed to restrain myself . 
 those fingers shifted , tugging at my hair . 
 several strands popped free , and i watched through cracked lids as the man stealthily slipped them inside his pocket . 
 his movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ? 
 how odd . 
 why did he smell like roses ? 
 `` i 'd like to take her for a ride . '' 
 the driver laughed crudely . 
 `` yeeehaaaw , baby . 
 yeehaw . '' 
 `` who cares about riding her ? 
 she 's solid gold . '' 
 awe dripped from ball 's words . 
 `` we could sell her ourselves and split the money . 
 we 'd make a shitload more than what we 're being paid now . '' 
 `` yeah , and we 'd also turn up dead in a matter of days . '' 
 cologne . 
 `` that kind of puts a damper on spending . '' 
 driver : `` exactly . 
 do n't even joke about selling her . 
 wayne would kill us with his mec voodoo . '' 
 balls snorted . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of that other-worlder bastard . '' 
 the undertone of apprehension in his voice belied his brave claim . 
 honest to god , i 'd be doing the universe a favor if i slit each one of their throats . 
 and i just might do it once i offed eenli . 
 how long did they expect me to sleep ? 
 how long did i have to listen to this crap without reaction ? 
 i kept my lashes cracked slightly open , trying to catch glimpses of the landscape outside . 
 first i saw only night sky , but trees soon came into view . 
 their branches were bare . 
 finally the car eased to a stop . 
 cologne gently lifted me out and carted me into a small , dark building . 
 a residence ? 
 a business ? 
 i could n't tell . 
 there were no surrounding houses , no signs . 
 no telltale sounds . 
 moonlight danced upon the roof , spilling over and dripping onto the dry , brittle grass . 
 `` get her inside and put her with the others , '' the driver said . 
 `` i know what to do . '' 
 with the others?that meant they had n't been sold yet . 
 they could be saved . 
 excitement unfurled inside me . 
 my captor pushed the front door open with a booted kick , not bothering with an id box . 
 great security . 
 inside , i heard the creak of old wood , then the grate of rusty iron . 
 my arms and legs flopped up and down as cologne descended a flight of stairs . 
 the air became cold and dank , musky . 
 in the distance , i heard the rattle of chains and female moans . 
 my excitement fizzled when i realized i , too , would be placed in chains . 
 i , too , would be made a slave . 
 how could i willingly , no matter the reason , allow this to happen ? 
 i asked myself again . 
 if something went wrong ... if lucius ... no . 
 no ! 
 i would not panic . 
 this was the plan . 
 i 'd willingly-wholeheartedly-agreed to this , knowing what would happen . 
 lucius would n't fail.i would n't fail . 
 i had my knives , and i knew how to defend myself . 
 i was going to be okay . 
 this was the only way to find eenli . 
 this was the only way to find what magnetic device he used for interworld travel . 
 this was the only way to save all the others who had been taken as slaves . 
 i would not back out now . 
 `` how long do you think she 'll be here ? '' 
 balls asked from behind cologne . 
 `` not sure . '' 
 `` do you think we could - '' `` no . '' 
 `` you did n't even hear what i - '' `` no . '' 
 balls stalked in front of cologne . 
 scowling , he inserted a key inside a lock then pushed open metal doors . 
 the hinges screeched in protest . 
 `` out of my way , bitch . '' 
 balls kicked a woman who huddled on the floor . 
 more chains rattled together . 
 feet shuffled ; women whimpered . 
 my determination to see this through intensified . 
 i 'd failed to save the two humans eenli and his men had raped inside that warehouse , but iwould save these women . 
 `` why ca n't you leave them alone ? '' 
 cologne growled . 
 `` you 're going to bruise them . '' 
 `` we 're not to harm the raka . 
 these bitches do n't matter . '' 
 `` they 're to be sold , too . 
 they matter . 
 maybe i need to talk to wayne about your attitude . '' 
 balls shuddered . 
 `` you do that , and i 'll kill you . '' 
 i was laid on a cold floor . 
 my wrists were taken in a warm , callused clasp before being clamped in cold shackles . 
 the heavy metal bit into my skin . 
 so much for keeping me unharmed . 
 my wrists would be raw within the hour . 
 `` let 's go , '' cologne said . 
 `` we 've got to call wayne and let him know she 's here . '' 
 balls hesitated . 
 i think he was considering squeezing my br ** sts or between my legs , but he thought better of it . 
 the two men left , their bickering voices fading into the distance . 
 i did n't reveal my wakefulness , however . 
 i remained exactly where i was , still and quiet , listening , waiting . 
 i felt curious stares boring into me . 
 how would the women react to me ? 
 what would they say ? 
 minutes later , my patience was rewarded . 
 `` i hate that man , '' a woman spat . 
 `` we all do , '' several chimed in dispiritedly . 
 footsteps slapped against the concrete floor ; chains dragged and rattled . 
 the scent of roses drifted to my nostrils just before a warm leg pressed against mine , offering me body heat . 
 roses . 
 like balls . 
 i knew what that meant . 
 `` poor thing , '' said the woman who justifiably hated smashed balls . 
 `` we 're all poor things , '' another , more embittered female voice retorted . 
 `` have you ever seen so much gold ? '' 
 `` they 'll cut it off her soon enough , '' embittered said . 
 `` if they do n't screw it off her first . '' 
 they sympathized with me , already saw me as one of them . 
 a slave to be raped and sold . 
 that was good . 
 i moaned to let them know i was `` waking up . '' 
 instantly conversation ceased , and a heavy silence grew . 
 i slowly cracked open my eyes then , and eased to a sitting position . 
 the chains were heavy , weighing down my wrists and ankles . 
 the woman beside me watched my every movement , her big blue eyes widening . 
 she was a pretty little thing with delicate bones and long shiny blond hair . 
 `` hello , '' she said warily . 
 i cast my gaze through the cell-and that 's exactly what it was , a ten-by-ten prison cell-cataloging and memorizing every detail . 
 there were five women , no men . 
 they were young , about eighteen to twenty , and human , dressed in costumes usually seen on the streets of whore 's corner . 
 like me , they had their wrists and ankles chained . 
 the length of our binds allowed for a stroll around the entire cell . 
 just not out of it . 
 a table piled high with meats , bread , and pitchers of water took up one wall . 
 at least the ladies were n't meant to starve . 
 there was even a toilet on the opposite end of the cell , but no screen or door for privacy . 
 the only heat provided against the cold dank air was a multitude of thick blankets-all of which were taken . 
 not that i needed one . 
 i 'd endured worse things than cold air . 
 my search continued , and i spotted the far wall etched with a multitude of lines . 
 the number of days they 'd been here ? 
 a wave of anger rocked me , that these girls were so young , so innocent . 
 i hoped like hell the isotope i 'd injected was doing its job , helping lucius track me here . 
 did he even know i 'd been taken yet ? 
 hopefully i would n't have to wait for my `` sale . '' 
 i wanted to do some killing asap . 
 `` do n't be scared , '' the blonde said , her tone gentle . 
 `` has anyone told you why you 're here ? '' 
 `` we 're being sold to other-worlders as slaves , '' embittered informed me . 
 she was the only redhead . 
 `` other-worlders ? '' 
 i forced myself to gasp-forced myself not to scoot closer in anticipation of her answer . 
 `` on other planets ? '' 
 the timid one gulped and nodded . 
 i clasped my throat , as if in fear . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` it 's not painful , '' she rushed to assure me . 
 `` they 'll strap a collar around your neck that somehow produces a wind . 
 one minute you 'll be on earth , and the next you wo n't , but it does n't hurt . 
 i promise . '' 
 a necklace ... god , a necklace ! 
 excitement rushed through me , more potent than before , and oh , so exhilarating . 
 romeo had strapped on a necklace before heading for the clearing . 
 it all made sense now . 
 according to colin , for any type of interworld travel to be possible , a magnetic strip had to be held close to the body . 
 what better way to hide a magnet close to the body than jewelry ? 
 `` do you still have the necklace ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head , dancing pale tendrils of hair around her shoulders . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the metal door ground open , and a man stalked inside our cell , saving me from a response . 
 the women immediately hunched toward the wall , cowering . 
 even the redhead , who had showed the most spirit , backed away in fear . 
 i had n't seen this man before . 
 he had dark hair , a plain face . 
 he was tall , well muscled , and radiated a menacing air . 
 i arched a regal brow . 
 he tossed a blanket at me . 
 `` do n't get sick , '' he commanded , `` or i 'll make you sorry you were ever born . '' 
 `` believe me , the smell of your breath is already making me sorry i was born . '' 
 several feminine gasps filled my ears . 
 his green eyes narrowed . 
 `` better watch how you talk to me , girl . 
 i can make your stay here seem like a trip into hell . '' 
 he smiled smugly . 
 `` just ask the others . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 i did n't like how fearful the women were of him . 
 it made me think he 'd done bad things to them , horrible things . 
 it made me want to hurt him . 
 `` well , i can chop off your balls and feed them to you . 
 what do you think of that ? '' 
 growling low in his throat , he moved toward me . 
 only three steps in , he remembered his boss 's orders not to harm me and stopped . 
 he stood in place , fists clenching , emerald eyes sparking with the need to teach me a lesson . 
 to subdue and overpower me . 
 finally he stormed out of the cell , slamming the door shut behind him . 
 the women stared at me in silence for a long while . 
 the blonde finally gasped out , `` he could have killed you . 
 raped you . 
 beaten you . 
 he ... likes that , '' she admitted , a shameful edge to the words . 
 color brightened her cheeks , so vivid she appeared feverish . 
 `` yes , '' i said with a nod , `` he could have done all of those things , but he would not have emerged unscathed . '' 
 i wanted so badly to help them and take away their pain . 
 i could n't . 
 not yet . 
 so i did for them what i could . 
 i tried to teach them what to do if the bastard ever came near them again . 
 `` never let a man see you cower . 
 if he knows he 's stronger than you , he 'll always attack . 
 it 's male nature . 
 fight them . 
 with words , with your fists . 
 slam your palm into his nose . 
 poke his eyes . 
 do n't be afraid to hurt him . 
 he is n't afraid to hurt you . '' 
 `` but ... but ... '' `` you may lose , '' i said , `` but i swear to you he 'll always think twice before he comes after you again . '' 
 `` unless he kills you , '' the redhead added . 
 she sounded wistful . 
 whatever was required , i was getting these women out of here . 
 chapter 21 idid n't have a long wait until my summons . 
 within an hour , two men entered the cell to get me . 
 expensive cologne and smashed balls . 
 how lovely . 
 a reunion . 
 `` time to go , sweetheart , '' cologne said . 
 curiously eager , he unchained me and tried to help me to my feet . 
 i slapped his hand away and stood on my own . 
 he frowned when he spied the puffy red scuff marks on my wrists and ankles . 
 `` you should have told me you have such delicate skin , '' he scolded . 
 `` when should i have told you ? 
 before you abducted me ? 
 while i was sleeping ? 
 `` idiot . 
 `` there 's going to be trouble for this , '' he muttered . 
 `` too bad for you . '' 
 frowning , he shook his head . 
 `` i liked you better when you were asleep . '' 
 `` well , i never liked you . '' 
 he might be the kindest of all of the guards , but that did n't make him any less of a slaver . 
 he sighed and waved me over . 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i remained where i was . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 `` shut your mouth ! '' 
 smashed balls shouted . 
 `` you do n't ask questions . 
 you just follow orders . '' 
 still i remained stubbornly in place . 
 `` we need to get you cleaned up . '' 
 cologne motioned with his fingers again . 
 `` come . '' 
 `` they 're taking you to the bathroom to give you a shower , '' the blonde whispered . 
 `` they like to watch , '' the redhead added defiantly , her voice loud and echoing . 
 balls stomped a menacing step toward her , his intent to slap her evident by the raising of his palm . 
 eyes narrowed , i jumped in front of him . 
 his arm stilled . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 i straightened my shoulders . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 he flicked the redhead a you 'll - pay glare and spun on his heel . 
 i followed him out of the cell , and cologne took up the rear . 
 they were so confident in their abilities and strengths that they did n't blindfold me or even try to hide their identities . 
 idiots , i thought again . 
 though i remained on alert , i cast my gaze over my surroundings . 
 without a doubt , we were underground . 
 water dripped from the ceiling and dirt lined the floors . 
 the only light sprang from thin bulbs that hung from equally thin wires . 
 my mind raced with strategies . 
 they planned to watch me shower ; i planned to thwart them . 
 but how ? 
 they could overpower me by sheer numbers . 
 they could even stun me with a pyre-gun , then clean , molest , or rape me without my being able to protest . 
 that raised the question of why had n't they stunned me already . 
 why had n't they stunned me to bring me here ? 
 time , i realized in the next instant . 
 a stun lasted twenty-four hours . 
 they must need my cooperation for ... what ? 
 my hands clenched at my sides , but i never slowed my step . 
 i lifted my chin , remaining alert as we entered the foyer of the home . 
 cologne and smashed balls stopped to chat with the three men cleaning and vacuuming , preparing the room for ... a visitor ? 
 for lucius ? 
 would he arrive soon to purchase me ? 
 my knees almost buckled in relief with the possibility . 
 eenli would be here , too . 
 having watched him for weeks , i knew he oversaw all transactions personally . 
 this could all be over in a matter of hours . 
 the possibility was so wonderful that it seemed too good to be true . 
 surreal , even . 
 amid the men 's chatter about what the women in the cell needed , i finished my study of the room . 
 there was a spacious living area off to the side , complete with couch , a large holoscreen , and several plush velvet chairs . 
 empty beer bottles littered a rectangular coffee table . 
 though there were no windows , lace curtains draped a section of the wall , giving the illusion of glass . 
 very domestic and cozy . 
 strong male hands gently pushed me forward . 
 `` walk , '' cologne said , his conversation with the others finished . 
 i followed balls down the hall . 
 plain , dingy yellow walls closed in around me . 
 they were devoid of any decoration , probably so that the slaves would n't have access to a makeshift weapon . 
 there were four doors at the end of the hallway . 
 one of them led into a small , cramped bathroom , which was the room we entered . 
 it had brown plaster walls , a splintered floor . 
 an enzyme spray hose slithered from the far wall , and a toilet pushed against the side . 
 in front of me , balls stopped , turned , and folded his arms over his chest . 
 he was very thin , and his skin looked dry and flaky . 
 he was also balding . 
 no wonder he had such an attitude problem . 
 `` strip . '' 
 he smiled slowly , evilly . 
 `` then shower . 
 and make sure to clean yourself real good , or i 'll have to clean you myself . '' 
 i heard the rustle of cologne 's shirt as he too crossed his arms over his chest . 
 that really pissed me off . 
 of all the men i 'd encountered in this house , cologne seemed the most gentle , the most concerned for the women . 
 yet he too was willing to humiliate me so he could get his rocks off . 
 turning to the side , i gave both men my profile . 
 unconcerned . 
 `` i 'll strip when both of you leave . '' 
 balls arched his brows in smug amusement . 
 he had wanted me to resist . 
 wanted to scare me . 
 `` strip . 
 now . 
 or i make you do it . '' 
 `` leave . 
 now , '' i replied . 
 `` or i make you do it . '' 
 cologne sighed , and the sound drifted through the small bathroom . 
 `` we 're not going to hurt you . 
 just watch . '' 
 `` just violate my privacy , you mean . '' 
 `` this is your last chance . 
 strip on your own , '' balls said , `` or strip with our help . '' 
 one , i did n't want them to see my weapons . 
 and two , getting naked most likely meant rape . 
 no , thank you . 
 a cold sweat broke out over my skin . 
 not good . 
 unlike humans , my sweat made me more attractive . 
 the beads of moisture made my flesh look like polished , dewy gold . 
 glittery . 
 like a fairy . 
 i did n't want to be attractive at this moment . 
 i wanted to appear mean and ugly , capable of any evil deed . 
 knowing the other women had endured this , yet had had no way to prevent it , turned my fear to protectiveness . 
 `` if you help me undress , '' i said slowly , carefully , `` there will be a fight . 
 a to-the-death fight . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` raka , you 're a woman . '' 
 wearing an expression that begged me to understand , cologne stepped toward me . 
 `` you ca n't hurt us . '' 
 balls moved toward me , as well . 
 they were trying to close me in , to threaten and intimidate me with their strength . 
 `` but i 'll get hurt , and that will make me damaged goods . 
 see , i talked to the girls . 
 i know why we 're here . 
 we 're being sold as slaves . 
 your boss wants top dollar for me , does n't he ? '' 
 silence reigned as they considered my words . 
 i did n't know how long or often i could get by with that particular threat , but i 'd use it as long as i could . 
 thankfully , it worked . 
 `` you win , '' cologne said on a resigned sigh . 
 `` what ! '' 
 balls shouted . 
 `` there are no windows here . 
 the only exit is the door . 
 we will be here , waiting , and if you try to escape , we will punish you . 
 whether it decreases your value or not . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` coward ! '' 
 balls slammed his fist into his open palm . 
 `` we 're not walking away . 
 hold her , and i 'll cut those f ** king clothes off her body . '' 
 anticipating an attack from him , i bent my knees slightly and centered my energy . 
 he never moved toward me , however . 
 cologne grabbed him by the arm and flung him outside the bathroom . 
 the smaller man crashed into the wall and slithered into a heap on the rotting wood floor . 
 `` you will not always get your way , '' he said to me . 
 `` it will be best for you if you realize that quickly . '' 
 with narrowed eyes , he strode from the room and shut the door behind him . 
 `` you have fifteen minutes . 
 get clean and put on the clothes resting on the toilet lid . '' 
 i glanced at the toilet . 
 a sheer pink sheath draped the lid . 
 i lifted the material between pinched fingers . 
 pantaloons and a halter top . 
 they were dressing me like a harem slut . 
 wonderful . 
 frowning , i turned on the shower by punching the labeled buttons . 
 hot spray instantly misted the porcelain tub . 
 i did n't climb inside , however . 
 i spent most of my fifteen minutes watching the door and finding ways to hide my blades under the new sheer outfit . 
 only once did someone try to sneak inside . 
 as the knob turned , i said , `` do it and die . '' 
 the door remained firmly shut after that , not opening until i knocked and said , `` all done . '' 
 in the end , i only managed to conceal one knife . 
 i wrapped it around the back shoulder strap of the top 's internal bra . 
 the other , well , i had to chuck it between slabs of wood on the floor . 
 i would have liked to study my reflection in the mirror . 
 i 'm sure i appeared dainty and fragile , a sex slave desperate for her master 's attentions . 
 the low-riding bottoms started at the flare of my hips , and my shirt-if it could be called that-ended just under my br ** sts . 
 my two guards were frowning when they opened the door , but their eyes widened and their mouths dropped when they spied me . 
 balls even reached out to trace his finger over my collarbone , but i gripped the offending appendage and twisted . 
 he yelped and used his other hand to slap me . 
 i felt a sharp sting , and my head snapped to the side . 
 slowly , i faced him with narrowed eyes and wiped at my now throbbing lip . 
 warm wetness greeted my fingers . 
 a gleam of horror entered his brown eyes . 
 `` you tell anyone i did that , '' he said quietly , menacingly , `` and i 'll kill you . '' 
 oh , how i wanted to slit his throat just then , but i did nothing . 
 i nodded as if i cared about the warning . 
 he backed off , pivoted on his heel , and strode away . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 cologne asked , his concern unwanted and unneeded . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` time to go , then . '' 
 he nudged my shoulder , a demand to move . 
 my gaze bore into balls 's back as i followed him into the living room the guards had been cleaning earlier . 
 the moment i stepped inside and saw what awaited me , i froze . 
 my abrupt stop caused cologne to ram into my back , shoving me forward . 
 he tried to help me regain my balance , but i slapped his hands away . 
 when i steadied my feet , my pulse leapt and my blood alternately heated and chilled . 
 this was it . 
 my sale . 
 the cleaning crew was gone , and in their place was jonathan parker , lucius , and another man , an other-worlder i did n't recognize . 
 my gaze locked with lucius 's . 
 i was beyond happy to see him . 
 he gave an almost imperceptible nod of his head before his eyes narrowed on the bruise on my lip . 
 fighting a smile , i forced my attention elsewhere . 
 the other-worlder seated next to him was a targon , the most feared race of warriors ever to come to earth . 
 our government would do anything to have a few of them fighting for us . 
 they were a tall , built race , to be sure , but that was n't their main worth . 
 their telekinetic abilities surpassed even the arcadians . 
 this one was handsome , as muscled as any man i 'd ever seen . 
 he had dark hair , eerie amber eyes . 
 light , light skin . 
 he was wearing a gold necklace with a dull , ugly stone in the center . 
 my gaze narrowed on it . 
 was it used for interworld travel ? 
 when would eenli arrive ? 
 a wave of impatience crashed through me , and i was n't sure how i would react when i saw the bastard . 
 `` i 'm so glad everyone could make it , '' a heavily accented voice suddenly proclaimed . 
 eenli . 
 heart drumming erratically , i quickly scanned the room . 
 where was he ? 
 i did n't see-i sucked in a breath . 
 there , on the large holoscreen above the couch , was eenli 's smug , smiling , ugly face . 
 he glowed bright pink . 
 he was very happy with himself . 
 disappointment nearly felled me , nearly dropped me to my knees . 
 i 'd expected him here , to see to the details of this sale in person . 
 damn . 
 damn ! 
 his bald head gleamed brightly in the fluorescent lighting . 
 that same lighting made his large , pupil-less white eyes and pink skin appear translucent . 
 very eerie . 
 and completely at odds with his cowboy shirt and the red bandana tied around his neck . 
 i desperately wanted this bastard dead . 
 he was evil incarnate , and he deserved to die . 
 i felt as if i 'd been waiting forever , and now it seemed i had to wait even longer . 
 technology allowed for many things , but we still could n't assassinate a man through a television . 
 damn this , and damn me ! 
 lucius and i were now at a major disadvantage . 
 if either of us acted , we would n't get eenli and we 'd blow our covers and most likely be killed in the ensuing crossfire . 
 and therewould be crossfire . 
 guards were posted all through the house ; the moment they heard gunshots or screaming , they 'd rush inside this room . 
 if lucius and i were killed , the women below would be sentenced to a life of rape , humiliation , and servitude . 
 i could n't let that happen . 
 i exhaled a breath , fighting past my disappointment , not knowing what to do at this point . 
 i cast my gaze at the men sitting on the couch , noticing little details i 'd missed before . 
 each man held a cigar and a glass of scotch . 
 how quaint . 
 a real bonding moment for them . 
 `` you , '' i said to lucius , trying to act shocked and horrified when the image of him gave me my only sense of peace . 
 if eenli knew i was an agent , i did n't want him to suspect who i was really working with . 
 i leveled a faux pleading gaze on parker , even tried to rush to him before balls grabbed my arm and stopped me . 
 `` jonathan , you have to help me . 
 i 've been abducted , and - '' `` i know , darling . '' 
 he sipped at his scotch as cigar smoke curled in front of his face . 
 `` you should n't have been such a naughty girl . '' 
 i uttered an i 'm - so-scared gasp while i mentally pictured his demise.rot in hell , you son of a bitch . 
 `` touch my property again , '' lucius ground out , his dark , slitted gaze shooting blazes of fire at cologne and balls , `` and i 'll cut off your hands . '' 
 he slammed his glass and cigar onto the table , causing a loudboom . 
 both guards instantly jumped away from me . 
 i really , really liked it when lucius went all commando . 
 from the screen , eenli laughed . 
 the sound of his voice echoed from nearby speakers . 
 `` patience , human , '' he said . 
 his skin pinkened further . 
 `` she 's not yours yet . '' 
 with a simple wave of his fingers , he commanded the guards to return to me . 
 `` keep her still . '' 
 hesitantly , the men gripped my forearms and held me in place . 
 as i stood there , those on the couch surveyed me . 
 `` i want to know who struck her , '' lucius demanded . 
 `` she was to be brought here unharmed . '' 
 beside me , balls trembled . 
 there was only silence . 
 `` who struck you ? '' 
 lucius repeated , an edge of danger in his tone i 'd never heard before . 
 `` we did ask that she be unharmed , '' jonathan reiterated with a frown . 
 `` i demand reparation . '' 
 lucius . 
 eenli lost his grin . 
 `` answer us , girl . 
 who struck you ? '' 
 i motioned to balls with an accusing tilt of my chin . 
 `` he did . '' 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 balls screeched , nearly jerking my arm from its socket . 
 he gazed imploringly at eenli . 
 `` she 's lying . 
 i swear she 's lying . '' 
 `` she speaks the truth , '' cologne interjected firmly . 
 `` no , no , i did n't touch her . 
 i - '' `` i saw him do it . '' 
 cologne again . 
 realizing he could not continue to refute the charges , balls changed his tactics . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , wayne . '' 
 he released me and dropped to his knees . 
 tears streamed down his eyes . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt her , i swear . 
 she tripped and ran into my hand . 
 that 's all that happened . 
 please do n't hurt me . 
 give me another chance . '' 
 unconcerned , eenli nodded to cologne . 
 amid balls 's cries for mercy , my guard withdrew an electro-gun from the back waist of his slacks . 
 shock thundered inside me as i realized what i was looking at . 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 the body of the gun was clear , making the flashes of electricity visible inside . 
 this type of gun was not on the market yet because michael , who was its creator , had yet to perfect it . 
 even i had yet to use one . 
 was there a traitor in our midst ? 
 the idea turned my blood to ice because it raised another , more terrible question . 
 did eenli know lucius was an agent ? 
 no , i assured myself . 
 however he 'd gotten the electro-gun , i did n't think he knew who lucius was . 
 he would have killed my partner immediately . 
 balls began sobbing . 
 eyes bright with resignation , cologne unhesitatingly placed the barrel at the other man 's temple and pulled the trigger . 
 to us , it appeared nothing happened . 
 no flash of light . 
 no emission of sound . 
 balls 's body shook and shuddered as electricity poured through him . 
 his nostrils soon rimmed with black , and steam rose from his ears . 
 then he collapsed face-first on the carpet . 
 colgone holstered the gun . 
 eenli and jonathan nodded in satisfaction . 
 lucius 's expression was blank as he crossed his arms over his chest , discreetly putting his fingers within reaching distance of his weapons . 
 what the hell had we gotten ourselves into ? 
 chapter 22 no one bothered to move the body . 
 the scent of charred human flesh blended with the odor of cigar smoke and expensive scotch as the meeting continued . 
 cologne took up residence behind me and gripped my shoulders to once more hold me in place . 
 i did n't protest . 
 i was ready to get this `` purchase '' over with . 
 `` jonathan , hunter , devyn , '' eenli said with another evil grin . 
 `` let the bidding begin . '' 
 at his words , i did n't panic . 
 so they were having a bidding war for me . 
 lucius and i had suspected that might happen . 
 my gaze traveled to his . 
 yes , he was supposed to buy me , then purchase our way to another planet for `` legal '' reasons . 
 once we had that information , we were to kill eenli . 
 now , there was a very good chance someone else would purchase me . 
 lucius appeared relaxed , totally calm , as if he knew exactly what to do . 
 good . 
 i knew he 'd do everything in his power to win me , and if he did n't , he 'd do what needed to be done . 
 as would i. i trusted him . 
 fully and completely , i realized . 
 and i was pretty sure he trusted me . 
 `` turn around , '' eenli commanded me in an imperious tone . 
 my cheeks reddened at being treated like one of his `` cattle . '' 
 every man present was watching me , studying me , looking for flaws . 
 the targon rubbed his jaw , his expression blank , as his gaze raked over me . 
 cologne 's grip on me tightened . 
 `` do it . '' 
 if i did n't turn for them , i would be forced . 
 and there would be no more reprieves for me under the guise of keeping me un-bruised . 
 i saw that knowledge in eenli 's now glowing red eyes.you want to get the sale over with , remember ? 
 i lifted my chin and turned . 
 slowly . 
 giving them all a chance to look their fill at my sheer , pink-clad curves . 
 i felt the heat of their gazes touching me everywhere , stripping me . 
 how many times had the other women endured this ? 
 how many times had they been forced to display their bodies for men they despised ? 
 my hands shook with the force of my humiliation . 
 and beneath it all , a new sense of respect and admiration for the five women locked below grew within me . 
 they were survivors . 
 yes , iwould save them ; my determination increased all the more . 
 no matter what was required of me . 
 when i faced the men again , eenli was smiling happily from the screen , his ugly face stretched into a toothy monstrosity . 
 red faded to pink . 
 `` i 'm almost tempted to keep the little agent for myself , '' he said . 
 `` she 's powerful under all that delicacy . '' 
 so . 
 hedid know that i was an agent . 
 it was probably why he was here on the holoscreen and not in person . 
 i was only surprised he was n't gloating about capturing me . 
 `` whatever your price , '' lucius said , his rough , gravelly voice claiming me , `` i 'll pay . '' 
 `` and i 'll double that . '' 
 jonathan . 
 lucius hissed in a breath . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 jonathan became defensive . 
 `` i want her , too . 
 you did n't think i helped you out of the goodness of my heart , did you ? '' 
 he tapped his cigar ashes on lucius 's expensive italian loafers . 
 `` please tell me you are n't that stupid . '' 
 my partner snarled low in his throat-and i did n't think it was mere pretense . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're going through with this . 
 she 's mine . 
 you knew i wanted her . '' 
 `` we 'll see about that , wo n't we ? '' 
 jonathan arched his brows , his expression haughty . 
 deadly silence filled the room , slithering along the walls like a snake ready to strike.come on , boys . 
 just buy me already . 
 leaning forward , lucius said darkly , `` are you sure you want to take me on ? '' 
 jonathan laughed nervously and assumed a feigned casual pose , legs stretched , hands linked over the lapels of his dark blue jacket . 
 `` you can have her when i 'm done with her . '' 
 `` neither of you will have her . '' 
 the targon had remained silent until that point , and now his deep timbre echoed off the walls . 
 as he studied me , he caressed the gold band he wore around his neck , his fingers circling the ugly brown stone in the middle . 
 `` i 'll take her , '' he said , as if that settled the entire matter . 
 `` numbers , gentlemen . '' 
 eenli rubbed his hands together like a greedy child . 
 `` i need actual figures . '' 
 `` one million . '' 
 jonathan . 
 `` two . '' 
 the targon . 
 `` five . '' 
 lucius . 
 he relaxed in his seat , growing more assured of his victory . 
 whatever monetary capital was needed , he would pay . 
 or pretend to pay , i should say . 
 the targon countered . 
 `` five million earth dollars , plus two targon warriors . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 grinning , eenli clapped his hands . 
 `` the woman is yours . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 in a dark , fluid motion , lucius jumped to his feet . 
 eenli 's eyes narrowed to tiny slits . 
 `` i will find you another raka , hunter . '' 
 `` i wantthis one . '' 
 he pointed to me . 
 `` she 's mine . 
 she was promised to me . 
 findhim another . '' 
 `` actually , she was promised to me . '' 
 jonathan gripped his cigar so tightly it snapped in half . 
 `` please tell me you were not foolish enough to think i 'd save her for you , jonathan , '' eenli said , repeating the man 's earlier words to lucius . 
 `` i already own your soul . 
 what need have i to keep you happy ? '' 
 to lucius he said , `` i respected your father , and i will be happy to work with you in the future to secure you another raka . 
 as for this one , a better offer came along . '' 
 `` she 's mine , goddamn you , '' lucius growled . 
 `` this is bad for business . 
 what will your other clients say when they realize you are n't a man of your word ? '' 
 another silence erupted , this one heavier than the last . 
 eenli 's skin pulsed a dark crimson . 
 `` do not make me your enemy . '' 
 his lips pressed together , providing only a tight slit for his words . 
 lucius stalked toward the screen . 
 `` let 's talk about this . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 as i listened , i realized eenli had always meant to sell me to the targon . 
 what better way to gain an alliance with such invincible warriors ? 
 after losing mris-ste and discovering he himself was a government target for elimination , eenli probably saw this as his opportunity to acquire an impenetrable shield . 
 or two . 
 `` i want to talk , '' lucius insisted . 
 `` man to man . 
 face to face . 
 `` ha . 
 you 're angry enough to try and kill me right now . '' 
 i knew what he was doing , trying to draw eenli out , and i approved . 
 however , i did n't want to be taken from this building until the women below were safe . 
 i 'd have to put up some kind of fight , perhaps race down there . 
 then ... what ? 
 i guess we 'd find out . 
 i stealthily inched my fingers toward the small blade strapped to my back . 
 the targon eased to his feet , his eyes watching my every move . 
 i 'd never seen eyes like his . 
 like molten flames of gold , glowing hotly , almost hypnotically . 
 his clean-cut features were lit with amusement . 
 `` come to me , '' he said , even his voice layered with a hypnotic quality . 
 oddly , i was compelled to obey . 
 something deep inside me heard and responded to his voice , wanting to do everything in my power to please him . 
 the rest of the room faded until i saw only the targon . 
 my thoughts scattered , realigning around his beautiful image . 
 `` come , '' he said again . 
 focus , eden . 
 focus . 
 do not listen to his voice . 
 think only of what you need to do.fight . 
 yes , i needed to fight , to save the women . 
 with that thought , i snapped out of his spell . 
 where was he vulnerable ? 
 his neck ? 
 his chest ? 
 i 'd never killed a targon before . 
 `` come , '' he said for the third time . 
 i moved toward him , sliding my blade out of its strap . 
 i used my wrist and arm to shield it from his view . 
 lucius jumped in front of me and faced the targon . 
 `` since wayne is refusing to meet with me , i 'll deal with you . 
 let me buy her from you . 
 i 'll pay you whatever you want . '' 
 `` she is no longer for sale , '' the other-worlder said with a hint of irritation . 
 `` you 're not taking her off this planet . '' 
 i touched my fingers to lucius 's back , silently letting him know i knew what i had to do andwould do it . 
 he did n't step aside . 
 i knew he 'd felt my touch , however , because his muscles clenched at first contact . 
 the targon raised his brows . 
 `` if you plan to stop me , human , i suggest you not even try . 
 people tend to get hurt when they annoy me . '' 
 `` now that our business is concluded , '' eenli interjected , as someone approached his image from behind . 
 `` i will leave you alone to collect your prize . 
 i expect those targon warriors on my doorstep tomorrow morning , devyn . '' 
 the holoscreen went blank . 
 jonathan reached toward lucius , but lucius grabbed his arm and twisted , snapping the bone . 
 jonathan howled in pain and dropped to his knees . 
 then lucius sprang at the targon . 
 without ever moving an inch , the other-worlder somehow forced lucius to the ground beside jonathan . 
 i too sprang forward , my knife raised and ready for insertion . 
 but in the next instant , my feet froze in place and the knife dropped from my hand . 
 i could n't move . 
 could barely breathe . 
 `` do not panic , little raka . '' 
 the targon sent me a gentle smile . 
 `` i 'll release you from the paralysis soon enough . '' 
 the bastard was controlling me with his mind . 
 panic coiled inside me , but i fought against it , trying to erect some sort of shield against him . 
 his power proved too strong , however . 
 still grinning , he flung a gold torque at me . 
 like a snake , the band wrapped itself at the base of my throat , not tight enough to choke , just tight enough to ensure it stayed in place . 
 i flicked a horrified gaze down ; an amber gem stone winked up at me . 
 i wanted so badly to tear at the band , but could n't . 
 i returned my gaze to lucius , staring helplessly at him , just as horrified . 
 since hitting the carpet , he 'd had yet to move . 
 `` what did you do to him ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` he merely sleeps , '' the targon said . 
 proving the other-worlder 's words , lucius moaned . 
 his eyes opened , and he weakly raised his head . 
 when he spied me , he attempted to crawl to me , to protect me . 
 `` i think he needs to sleep permanently , '' jonathan said , whipping out an old gun . 
 i could n't do anything but scream , locked in place as i was , as he fired . 
 a bullet lodged itself just below lucius 's left shoulder , causing his entire body to spasm . 
 in his heart ? 
 cold rage slashed inside me . 
 the targon removed his focus from me and frowned down at the now-bleeding lucius . 
 his inattention released me from paralysis . 
 i immediately picked up my blade and , without a second 's thought , hurtled it at jonathan . 
 the sharp metal sliced into his throat . 
 his eyes widened , and he gurgled as his knees gave out and he sank to the ground . 
 i leaped forward and was just reaching for the blade when a dark cloud covered my mind . 
 sinking ... sinking ... i fought past it , cutting with mental claws . 
 unexpectedly , the fog lifted . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i asked , dazed . 
 the targon blinked in surprise . 
 `` you have mental shields , though they are not very strong . '' 
 he sighed , and i froze in place once again . 
 he withdrew a small vial from his pocket , pushed my hair out of my face , and forced the contents down my throat . 
 i choked it back , but it was too late to spit out the bitter liquid . 
 i knew the moment the taste of it hit my tongue that it was n't an opiate like cologne had given me . 
 this man had done his homework on rakas . 
 he knew the human medicine called antihistamine , when mixed with alcohol , knocked us out every time . 
 when lethargy hit me , it hit swiftly and full force . 
 the last picture to drift through my mind was of lucius , covered in his own blood . 
 chapter 23 the image of lucius 's strong vibrant body , bloody and lifeless , slammed past a black fog of lethargy and into my mind . 
 `` lucius ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 the sound of his name echoed all around me . 
 `` welcome to targon , '' whispered through my mind . 
 targon . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 my eyelids popped open . 
 my breath was coming in short , erratic pants , like i 'd just run a marathon uphill . 
 i searched for another person , but saw no one . 
 had i been dreaming ... a nightmare , perhaps ? 
 no . 
 i bit my bottom lip , creating a sharp sting and a bead of blood . 
 lucius had really been shot . 
 i remembered the auction for me and the booming sound of jonathan 's gun being fired , remembered the metallic smell of human blood . 
 lucius , i thought , a wave of panic overtaking me . 
 i had to get to him . 
 he was now injured and defenseless in a house full of eenli 's guards , and no one knew he was there but me . 
 i wouldnot allow myself to think of him as ... no , i would n't . 
 the women , too , were helpless . 
 i had to save them . 
 i jerked upright , taking the soft white comforter draping my body with me . 
 my gaze shot throughout the room . 
 unfamiliar . 
 wide and open . 
 white gauze billowed from the many windows and doors . 
 i was seated on a white pallet of velvetlike cushions . 
 there were no guards posted that i could see . 
 where the hell was i ? 
 targon ... i was n't sure if the isotope i 'd ingested had traced me here , and there was n't time to find out . 
 an other-world rescue seemed impossible , anyway , since we did not have all the facts about solar flares . 
 no , i 'd have to free myself . 
 quickly . 
 god , i needed to get home . 
 i shoved my way out from the covers and stood . 
 my legs were shaky , making me wonder just how long i 'd been asleep . 
 at least the targon had n't stripped me . 
 he 'd left me in the pink harem costume . 
 i reached up , but the necklace he 'd thrown at me was gone . 
 i needed it to pass through a solar flare . 
 where was it ? 
 breathing a deep inhalation of sweet , flowery air , i scanned the spacious room again . 
 would he have hidden the necklace in a fruit bowl ? 
 no . 
 empty . 
 a drawer ... maybe he had tucked it inside . 
 i bounded forward , but skidded to a stop when i heard him speak . 
 `` i am so happy you are , at last , awake , '' his rich , sensual voice said from behind me . 
 i spun around . 
 the targon leaned against one of the large entryways , white lace dancing from the windows and over his bare legs . 
 his eyes swirled with a life all their own ; his dark hair flowed around his shoulders , the sides hooked behind his ears . 
 i could see that his ears were pointy , like the magical fae in children 's stories . 
 he wore some type of black scottish-looking kilt and no shirt . 
 `` give me the necklace and take me back , '' i demanded . 
 hetsked under his tongue . 
 `` we have n't been properly introduced . 
 you are eden black , other-worlder interpreter and government agent . 
 i am devyn cambrii , king of this land . '' 
 king.the freaking king . 
 i knew a little about targon history . 
 a king was appointed not by birth but by telekinetic strength . 
 a thousand tiny knots twisted my stomach . 
 i was weaponless , and my opponent had the power to freeze me in place . 
 how the hell could i fight him ? 
 `` please , '' i said , the word escaping through scowling lips . 
 `` take me back . '' 
 `` it has taken eenli over a year to find me a raka , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sweet angel , but the only place i will be taking you is my bed . '' 
 my fists clenched at my sides . 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 his lips twitched , and amusement twinkled in his too-amber eyes . 
 `` your refusal will not be a problem . '' 
 no , it would n't , i thought darkly . 
 he 'd already proven his ability quite nicely . 
 if he decided to freeze me and rape me , there would be nothing i could do to stop him from doing so . 
 i refused to show him an outward reaction to that comment , however . 
 if he thrived on female fear , he might become aroused . 
 `` why a raka ? '' 
 i asked to keep him talking . 
 i lifted my chin . 
 `` there 's nothing special about my race . '' 
 `` oh , i beg to differ . '' 
 `` because of the gold ? '' 
 he chuckled richly . 
 `` i am not human . 
 gold means nothing to me . '' 
 `` then why ? '' 
 `` i 've never tasted a raka . 
 there are so few of you on earth because those silly humans are greedy . 
 and outsiders are not allowed on the planet raka . 
 which is a shame , really . 
 i could have feasted for months had i been allowed entry . '' 
 his voice lowered one octave . 
 `` i 've wanted to taste a raka for a long , long time . '' 
 i arched a brow , feigning nonchalance . 
 `` tasted in passion ? 
 or as dinner ? '' 
 he laughed again , his features softening . 
 the woman in me appreciated his masculine beauty , his male sensuality . 
 but he was n't lucius . 
 i would have no man but lucius . 
 in our short time together , i 'd learned to respect and like him . 
 i 'd desired him constantly . 
 he meant something to me . 
 what , i did n't know . 
 i just knew that hedid matter . 
 `` passion , of course , '' the targon said . 
 `` i 've sampled women from across the galaxies . 
 i 'm in need of something different . 
 something unique . '' 
 he straightened and slowly moved toward me . 
 `` stop , '' i shouted , bending my knees and preparing for battle . 
 surprisingly , he did . 
 he remained a safe distance away as his gaze traveled the length of me . 
 `` i only wish to know if you are as soft to my touch as you look . 
 surely you will not deny me a simple touch . '' 
 `` i deny you the right to even breathe in my direction . '' 
 `` your resistance is adorable , so i will grant your request and not touch you . 
 for now . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , my tone dry . 
 `` you are welcome . '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` i am glad to add you to my collection . '' 
 `` your collection ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 i love women , you see . 
 i love their softness , their complexities , their scents , and have decided to sample a woman of every color , race , and size . '' 
 `` and it does n't matter to you that some of these women might not desire you ? '' 
 `` they may not desire me ... at first . '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` i always change their minds . '' 
 `` i do n't want you , '' i gnashed out . 
 `` i want another . '' 
 the targon merely shrugged . 
 `` you , too , will change your mind . '' 
 he sounded so confident , so completely certain of my capitulation . 
 watching me through those too-amber , amused eyes , he renewed his path toward me . 
 `` i could begin changing your mind right now , '' he said , but he switched directions and stopped at a bureau . 
 he lifted the white stone fruit bowl . 
 having searched it , i knew only small , azure spheres were inside . 
 i did n't move when he closed the distance between us , though my every instinct demanded i attack . 
 he merely brushed past me . 
 our bare shoulders met , skin to skin , his surprisingly cool , mine hot with desperation to leave . 
 he eased atop the mound of pillows . 
 the scent of exotic spices followed him and lingered in the air . 
 he leaned back , assuming a lazy , seductive pose , and patted the seat beside him . 
 `` is this part of changing my mind ? '' 
 `` so suspicious , little raka . '' 
 he popped a fruit into his mouth and chewed . 
 `` alas no , this is a getting-to-know-you moment . 
 if you prefer , we can jump ahead . 
 i am not picky . 
 come to me . '' 
 i considered refusing his demand . 
 i did n't want to get to know him better ; i did n't want to sit next to him and play his silly game of seduction . 
 the need to get to lucius and the women intensified with every second that passed . 
 damn it ! 
 i 'd never felt more helpless . 
 `` come , '' devyn said , his tone firmer and harder than before . 
 the amused sparkle faded from his eyes , going flat with expectation . 
 i approached him and sank onto the pillows beside him . 
 `` that 's better , '' he said , reaching into the bowl and withdrawing a sphere . 
 his stark white teeth sank into it , consuming half . 
 `` you will eat . '' 
 when he attempted to slip the rest past my lips , i ripped it out of his hands and tossed it across the room . 
 i grabbed a piece of fruit without targon germs and shoved it into my mouth . 
 the sweet , sweet flavor made each of my taste buds shoot to life . 
 i found myself reaching out for another . 
 he sighed , pieces of his amusement having returned . 
 `` we will have to work on your stubbornness . 
 it is an honor to eat with the king , you know . '' 
 `` i have to go back to earth , devyn . '' 
 `` thisis to be your home . '' 
 i leaned forward , beseeching with my eyes , my voice . 
 `` please . 
 give me the necklace and take me back . 
 i have a man , a mission , and imust get back . '' 
 devyn reached out and sifted my hair through his fingers . 
 the gold strands were beautiful draped over his pale skin . 
 `` the man who was shot . 
 hunter , i think was his name . 
 he is your man , yes ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i clenched the pillows , wadding the material between my fists . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 his huge shoulders lifted in a shrug . 
 `` the way you looked at him ; the way he looked at you . 
 i 'm curious , though . 
 if he is your man , why was he there to buy you ? '' 
 i ignored the question . 
 `` he 's hurt . 
 you saw jonathan shoot him . 
 i have to help him , get him medical care . '' 
 `` he is not hurt , angel . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 everything inside me frosted with ice . 
 cold , hard ice . 
 strong , vital lucius was not dead . 
 i would have known it , felt it . 
 we were connected in a way that i did n't understand , but now accepted-and was grateful for . 
 i could not , would not , believe he was dead . 
 he possessed too much life , too much strength . 
 he was indestructible.please let him be indestructible . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 i said softly , my jawbone so tight it could snap at any moment . 
 `` i saw the blood just as you did . 
 he is human , and humans can not lose so much blood . '' 
 `` humans can survive with blood transfusions . 
 that 's why i have to get to him . '' 
 `` if there was any life left inside him , eenli would patch him up and sell him as a slave . 
 this i promise you . '' 
 yes , i thought , hope melting the ice . 
 ever the businessman , eenli would not let a prime specimen like lucius die when he could be bringing in a profit . 
 `` i can not let him become a slave . 
 nor can i allow the other women who were imprisoned in that house to become slaves . 
 i have to go back . 
 i 'll do anything you ask if you 'll just take me back . '' 
 `` what does this man give you that is so special , sodifferent from what i can give you ? '' 
 devyn 's tone was hard . 
 `` he 's ... mine . '' 
 it was the only answer i had at the moment . 
 hands fisted , he shoved angrily to his feet . 
 he glared down at me . 
 `` i will not send you back , because i am not willing to give you up . 
 i have had enough talk of dead men and enslaved women . '' 
 we 'd see about that . 
 he might be telekinetic , but perhaps if i worked quickly enough , i could defeat him . 
 i kicked out my leg and connected with his ankles . 
 he toppled backward , dropping the fruit bowl with a clang . 
 blue spheres scattered across the floor as i sprang on top of him , using my weight to cut off his air , my knee in his windpipe . 
 `` i 'll kill you if i remain here , '' i vowed . 
 far from being intimidated , he grinned . 
 `` i see i will have to bring my guards back . 
 i had hoped you would appreciate the privacy . '' 
 i fought a wave of defeat . 
 `` you are n't even winded , are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 a wicked gleam flittered over his amused expression . 
 `` i can put you to sleep with only a blink of my eyes , and then i can do whatever i want to you . '' 
 i jerked back my elbow , making a fist along the way . 
 as my hand flew closer to his face , his grin only grew wider ... and the muscles in my arm stiffened completely , holding me in place before i ever reached his nose . 
 `` i like your spirit , '' he said , the words laden with excitement . 
 `` you will be my finest possession . '' 
 i grated my teeth together so forcefully , i could have made powder . 
 `` let me tell you something , targon . 
 i will never willingly give myself to you , and if you try and force me , i will carve you into little pieces and feed you to your people . '' 
 his lips dipped into a pout . 
 `` it will not be force . 
 you are my slave - '' `` itwill be force . 
 hunter is the only lover i desire . '' 
 that angry spark lit once more in devyn 's tawny gaze . 
 `` you are my property , and i will not allow you to think of another man . '' 
 `` i 'll think of him and desire him and long for him for the rest of my life , '' i said , pricking his male pride . 
 `` every time you touch me , i 'll pretend it ` shim . 
 thathe 's the one giving me pleasure . '' 
 growling low in his throat , he shoved me off him and jumped to his feet . 
 i jumped up , as well , my arm muscles released from his spell . 
 we faced off . 
 `` you are more than you seem , raka , '' he bit out , `` and i admit i was beginning to like that . 
 you have the courage of a warrior , but you are as foolish as every other woman , andthat i do not like . 
 i am king here , and you will learn not to fan the flames of my anger . '' 
 `` please , '' i said then , desperate . 
 how could i make him do what i wanted ? 
 `` please what ? 
 please touch you ? 
 please be merciful ? '' 
 `` please send me home . '' 
 a heavy pause erupted , our breathing the only sound . 
 then he grabbed my hand and tugged me down a wide , open hallway , as white and pure and mocking as a virgin 's bedsheets . 
 at the far end was a bedroom , as open as the rest of the house and just as white . 
 pillows littered the floor , and a pool occupied the far end . 
 he tossed me onto the pillows . 
 when my back hit , air whooshed from my lungs . 
 i hopped up immediately , panting for breath . 
 `` i told you not to ask to be returned again . 
 and so , your training will begin now . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` training to do what ? '' 
 `` pleasure me , of course . '' 
 chapter 24 devyn 's gaze remained locked with mine as he stripped out of his only clothing , the black kiltlike skirt . 
 he posed before me wearing nothing more than a smug smile . 
 his skin was pale . 
 his dark hair hung around his shoulders in disarray . 
 he made a striking picture , handsome and strong . 
 i wanted no part of him . 
 unfortunately , he was determined to have every part of me . 
 my blood boiled at his arrogance and intentions , at his sheer selfishness , and i forced my energy to center . 
 i would have to attack him ; surprise would be my only avenue against this targon . 
 i drew in a deep , cleansing breath . 
 hold ... hold ... his attention deviated from me . 
 i was just about to pounce on him when i noticed the two naked alien women entering through the side doorway , one with thick , silky blue skin , the other with white skin-and five arms . 
 what was going on ? 
 devyn waved them over . 
 `` come , ladies . '' 
 the first , the pretty , pale-skinned blonde with too many arms , clapped and giggled . 
 the second , the exotic azure one , licked her lips . 
 both possessed lean bodies and sculpted muscles . 
 `` watch us , '' devyn told me . 
 `` and learn . '' 
 my mouth almost dropped in shock . 
 he did n't mean to rape me , but merely wanted me to watch how others pleased him ? 
 i shook my head , unsure i had heard him correctly . 
 `` do not think to leave , either , while i am distracted , '' he said , admonishment ripe in his tone . 
 in the next instant , my knees buckled of their own accord and i fell onto the pillows . 
 my muscles froze in place . 
 i tried to fight against the paralysis , to no avail . 
 damn him . 
 the two women reached him , eagerly scratching their hands over his body and leaving amber welts in their path . 
 the five-armed woman was able to cover a lot of ground . 
 not even trying to be gentle , they nipped at his chest with their teeth , drawing little beads of gold blood . 
 they pinched his ni ** les and tightly squeezed and pumped his erection . 
 the targon groaned with rapture . 
 his eyes closed . 
 this is it , i thought.my only chance . 
 i could n't move my body , but i could still move my spirit . 
 i concentrated on a spot just beyond his shoulder , focusing my energy inward . 
 i had to risk leaving my body vulnerable . 
 this might be my only chance to find the necklace he 'd used to send me here . 
 soon my spirit broke from my body , leaving it cold , forgotten , and i was looking down at myself . 
 my eyes were open , and i appeared to be watching the straining , writhing trio . 
 good . 
 the only thing that gave me away was my blank , unmoving expression , but i doubted professor sex and his apprentices would notice . 
 there was no furniture in the room , nothing to search , so i abandoned it . 
 i did n't know how long targon sex lasted , so i quickened my step . 
 thankfully , there were no closed doorways . 
 devyn had n't lied when he claimed he 'd dismissed his guards . 
 there were no males of any kind-that i could see-inside . 
 there were only women , a handful of humans ranging in size and color , and all of them were naked . 
 inside another bedroom , i searched a vanity . 
 found nothing . 
 i came to a wooden chest . 
 searched and found nothing but sex toys . 
 every piece of furniture , every knickknack i stumbled upon , i searched . 
 and found nothing . 
 my frustration grew with every second that passed . 
 finally , however , i came to a hallway that appeared different than the rest of the house . 
 it was narrow and closed . 
 at each section of the wall was an armed guard . 
 this was it . 
 i knew it . 
 felt it . 
 the weapon-heavy men -lrb- also in kilts -rrb- stood sentry to whatever lay beyond the far door . 
 in my spirit form , doors proved no obstacle . 
 i brushed past the scantily clad man in front of the steel-like entrance . 
 where our bodies intertwined , i tingled . 
 he must have felt it too , because he jumped . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he demanded , gripping his long , sharp blade . 
 his narrowed gaze darted left and right . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the man next to him asked , stiffening . 
 silence , then , `` my mistake . '' 
 `` bracken , '' someone muttered . 
 english translation : idiot . 
 i slipped through the door ... and gasped . 
 inside the new room was what looked to be a doorway straight into the heavens . 
 black velvet sky , brilliant pinpricks of stars . 
 it swirled . 
 beckoned . 
 was it some type of portal ? 
 did the targons not need to wait for solar flares ? 
 i wanted so badly to touch the liquid , but resisted the temptation . 
 for now , at least . 
 i could n't risk world travel without my physical body . 
 besides , if itwas a portal , i could end up on a worse planet than targon . 
 i needed that necklace ! 
 i looked around . 
 towering columns stretched to the domed ceiling , and white stone glistened all around me , leading up , up , up a staircase . 
 at the top rested twelve pedestals . 
 curious and anxious , but most of all hopeful , i climbed the stairs . 
 when i saw what lay inside each display case , i laughed . 
 the necklace was here ! 
 i 'd found it . 
 actually , i 'd found eleven others , as well . 
 each necklace boasted a different stone , though all were roughly the same size . 
 did the stone matter ? 
 i wondered . 
 what if the stone held the magnetic force ? 
 what if the stone decided which planet to carry its wearer ? 
 which stone would take me to earth ? 
 i studied each . 
 blue , red , violet , green , amber . 
 i paused , a memory surfacing . 
 the amber stone had brought me here , which meant amber represented targon . 
 nodding , i continued my search . 
 brown , gray ... my attention abruptly returned to the brown , drinking in every detail . 
 it was dull , a bit jagged , flat in color . 
 devyn had worn it during the auction . 
 nearly jumping up and down with my exhilaration , i concentrated a mass of energy between my hands . 
 the air soon swirled and sizzled , growing heavier , denser . 
 my spirit , too , began to burn . 
 burn , burn . 
 i grimaced , but did n't stop . 
 when the air held sufficient weight , i used the clustered molecules to lift the necklace from its perch and hover between my hands . 
 instantly alarms erupted . 
 i quickly guided the energy and necklace high above me , and prayed no one looked up . 
 a legion of guards stormed the chamber . 
 they raised spears and blades , and their gazes shot throughout the room . 
 thankfully , they could n't see me . 
 i cast a longing glance to the dappled pool and raced out the open door , taking the path i 'd traveled to get here . 
 all the while , the necklace hovered above me . 
 along the way i must have navigated a wrong turn , because i did n't enter the room that held my body . 
 damn it ! 
 i raced onward , rushing into every room i found , rushing past the guards headed toward the necklace room . 
 finally-thank god-i found my body . 
 the king and women were gone , but my body was just where i 'd left it . 
 i entered quickly and discovered that my muscles were still frozen . 
 the necklace fell from the air and landed on the pillow beside me . 
 if i could move , i could escape amid the confusion . 
 i could hide the necklace . 
 i just had to move ! 
 i struggled and fought for what seemed an hour , all the while remaining immobile . 
 the king at last remembered my presence and strode back into the room . 
 his amber eyes were narrowed as he knelt in front of me . 
 `` how did you do it ? '' 
 he asked , the words stilted , halting . 
 even my lips refused to move . 
 `` answer me , '' he growled . 
 i glared up at him and flicked my gaze to my mouth . 
 realizing i could n't speak , he finally released me from the paralysis . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 i scooted away from him . 
 the action sent a sharp ache all the way through me . 
 `` how did you steal the torque ? 
 my earth torque is missing , woman , and only you have an interest in it . '' 
 `` i 've been right here . '' 
 hoping i appeared nonchalant , i covered the necklace with my butt . 
 `` you saw to that . 
 how could i have stolen anything ? '' 
 he reached out , intending to search me . 
 i kicked his chest , and he stumbled backward a few feet . 
 a mere second later , i found my arms and lower body frozen again . 
 dark fury exploded through my veins . 
 i hated how easily he subdued me . 
 his hands roved over my every curve and hollow , but he found nothing . 
 his frown deepening , he scooped me up and set me aside . 
 that 's when he saw the gold band . 
 scowling , he lifted it and shoved it in my face . 
 `` how did you get this ? '' 
 when i remained silent , he added , `` i did n't immobilize your mouth this time . 
 answer me . '' 
 a wave of helplessness joined my fury , swirling together in an escalating tempest . 
 how could i win against such powerful telekinesis ? 
 the answer hit me with the force of pyre-fire . 
 i could n't fight him like this , but i could fight him another way . 
 vulnerability be damned . 
 my lips twisted in an evil smile . 
 `` why do n't i show you ? '' 
 i centered quickly , and my spirit sprang from my body . 
 in seconds , i was behind him . 
 i focused energy between my hands , then shoved it at him , nailing him in the head . 
 he crashed sideways , but fluidly jumped to his feet . 
 scowling , he spun away from my body and toward my spirit . 
 when he failed to see what had hit him , his eyes widened . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 next i shot a burst of energy dead center between his legs , hitting his precious penis with enough force to drop him to his knees , groaning in pain . 
 he looked back at my body , then whipped back to search the center of the room . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 now that my emotions had been released , i could n't hold back . 
 i gathered clusters of energy and continued to toss them at him . 
 over and over , with all the fury and helplessness raging inside me . 
 he fell , and i used the thickened air to gather his knife . 
 the sharp blade hovered in the air . 
 as his eyes widened , i inched it closer to his neck . 
 he stilled , not daring to breathe . 
 `` how does it feel to be helpless against another 's powers ? '' 
 i taunted . 
 the words were a whisper of wind , but he understood . 
 he opened his mouth to yell for help . 
 `` call your guards , '' i said , pressing the knife even closer , `` and it will be the last sound you ever make . '' 
 his voice gurgled to quiet . 
 `` that 's better . '' 
 keeping the knife steady with one hand , i used my other to gather enough energy and tug off the gold band anchored at his neck . 
 `` the moment you release me , i 'll be able to kill your body . 
 a spirit can not live without a host . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' i admitted . 
 `` how long do you think you can hold me like this ? '' 
 `` as long as it takes . 
 are you an honorable man , devyn ? '' 
 from the corner of my eyes , i saw him reaching up , intending to grab the knife and throw it away from him . 
 `` uh , uh , uh , '' i said , and pushed more energy toward him , digging the tip a little deeper into his neck . 
 a drop of amber-colored blood formed . 
 a growl of frustration parted his mouth , but his hands stilled . 
 `` are you an honorable man ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` yes , damn you . '' 
 `` then vow to me here and now to send me home at the next solar flare , and i will let you live . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? 
 i can kill you now , reenter my body , and escape this place . '' 
 `` you would never make it past my guards . 
 they were chosen for their telekinetic abilities , as well as their sadistic natures . 
 when they spot you , and they will , they will make you regret the decision to leave me . '' 
 `` i bet you thought i 'd never be able to hold a blade at your throat , either . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you 're not going to kill me , '' he finally said . 
 sweat dripped from his temples . 
 `` you 're a woman and a raka . 
 your people might be rare , but i know you are peaceful . 
 sensual . 
 violence is used only by the ruling class . '' 
 `` maybe i 'm part of the ruling class , because you see , devyn , i 'm more than a government agent . 
 i 'm an assassin . 
 i 've killed countless people , and killing you will be no hardship . 
 why do you think i let eenli capture me ? 
 why do you think my man was trying to ` buy ' me ? 
 so i could kill eenli and destroy his slave ring . '' 
 the targon stiffened . 
 `` i 'm willing to let you live , however . '' 
 the moment i 'd met those women in the cell , my goal had ceased to be proving my own worth or being known as the best . 
 my goal had changed to one of savior . 
 the women , lucius . 
 and i 'd make a deal with the devil himself to do so . 
 `` what do you say , targon ? 
 your life for a ticket home . '' 
 `` do i get to bed you for my troubles ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i will let you kiss my feet , though . '' 
 he snorted . 
 one of his hands tangled roughly in his hair as he considered my offer . 
 obviously , no one had ever gotten the best of him , and he did n't know what to make of me-a true threat or a novel amusement . 
 had i been here on vacation , i might have enjoyed the king 's antics . 
 `` what do you say ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` i 'm growing impatient . '' 
 `` i paid good money for you , '' he whined . 
 `` so i 'll pay you back . '' 
 `` you can not pay me back the two warriors i gave up for you . '' 
 `` what if i promise not to cut off your penis ? 
 will that help alleviate your sense of loss ? '' 
 he gulped . 
 `` we have ourselves a deal , raka . '' 
 chapter 25 though i remained on alert , i released my energy-hold on the knife and necklace and they clanged to the floor . 
 i quickly reentered my body and popped to my feet . 
 devyn stayed true to his word and did n't call for his men , nor did he try to kill me . 
 he merely pushed to his feet , then dusted off his kilt -lrb- or whatever the hell that skirt thing was called -rrb- . 
 all the while , a dark expression tightened his handsome features . 
 i gathered the fallen items and faced him directly . 
 `` you got something to say ? '' 
 `` i am very angry about this . '' 
 `` you 'll get over it . 
 how long until the next solar flare ? '' 
 at first , he did n't answer . 
 he shoved a hand through his hair and stared up at the ceiling , before finally expelling a long breath . 
 `` a solar flare is n't needed . 
 come , '' he said , the single word whipping out with the force of a bullet . 
 he spun on his heel . 
 i followed after him , still not dropping my guard . 
 `` what do you mean , one is not needed ? '' 
 `` solar flares are only needed to travel from earth , not targon . 
 here we use the skyway . '' 
 the gel-like pool , i realized . 
 i tucked that information away , knowing i 'd have to give a full report to michael . 
 when devyn and i strode into the narrow hallway that led into the white stone room where i 'd found the necklaces , the guards posted at the walls stood at perfect attention . 
 i was so agitated , so ready to be home , my limbs were shaking . 
 `` open , '' devyn said . 
 two of the men immediately complied , prying the doors apart . 
 devyn and i slipped inside . 
 as the doors closed behind us , devyn said , `` this human of yours . '' 
 his tone displayed a complete lack of interest , but i knew better . 
 he did n't turn to look at me . 
 `` what makes him so special ? 
 and do not tell me he is yours . 
 there is a reason , something that sets him apart . '' 
 i leapt up the stairs two at a time , the king right on my heels . 
 this man was taking me to lucius and the enslaved women , so i was feeling generous toward him . 
 `` he stirs something inside me , '' i answered . 
 `` he fires my blood in a way i do n't understand . '' 
 `` i could do the same . 
 i promise you . '' 
 `` perhaps.perhaps not . '' 
 a pause . 
 then , `` what if i am taking you back to earth simply to kill your human and get him out of my way ? 
 if he 's not already dead , '' he added . 
 he took the necklace i still held and wrapped it around his neck . 
 `` he 's not , and you know i 'll kill you if you hurt him . '' 
 i had placed a lot of trust in this one self-centered man . 
 but iwas prepared to kill him at any time-if he did n't kill me first . 
 i was willing to take the chance , though . 
 `` i want you for my own , '' he said . 
 `` i have n't tried to hide that fact . '' 
 `` you do have some pride , do n't you ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 a wicked twinkle entered his eyes , and he grabbed my hand , jerking me to a stop . 
 light from the skyway caressed his face , illuminating his pale skin . 
 his dark hair wisped over his forehead . 
 `` why do n't we strike another bargain , you and i , hmm ? 
 i 'll give you my royal oath to help you save your man if you 'll give me a single night with you . '' 
 i flipped my hair over my shoulder with a flick of my wrist . 
 `` we made a bargain already . 
 i did n't knife you , and now you 're taking me home . '' 
 `` ah , but i can do more than simply take you home . 
 i can save your man ... and take you to eenli . '' 
 he was deadly serious , no hint of teasing in his expression . 
 the wicked twinkle was gone . 
 i stood , watching him , bathed in indecision . 
 trust him . 
 not trust him . 
 either way , he 'd just offered me something i could n't turn down , no matter the price . 
 `` deal , '' i said , the word a hard knot in my throat . 
 he nodded . 
 `` the deal must be sealed in blood . '' 
 he kneeled , dragging me down with him , and unsheathed a blade from his side . 
 i tensed , but did n't move as he sliced the silver tip down his bare chest . 
 amber blood dripped down his rippled muscles . 
 `` give me your arm . '' 
 tentative , i stretched my arm toward him . 
 he clasped my wrist and slipped the blade over the skin , cutting . 
 not deep , just enough to draw blood . 
 he lifted my wrist and meshed it against the wound in his chest . 
 i could feel his heartbeat , a rapidbump , bump . 
 `` you have my vow of aid , eden black . 
 your man and your enemy will be mine to give you . '' 
 he motioned to me with a tilt of his chin . 
 `` now you . '' 
 `` you have my vow , devyn , '' i said , shaking inside . 
 if there were any other way , i 'd take it . 
 but there was n't , and i knew it . 
 `` one night with me . '' 
 after the words were spoken , the air around us thickened , became as dappled as the skyway . 
 a living force . 
 i blinked and gazed around in shock . 
 i even reached out , sliding my fingertips over the jelly-like air . 
 it was as cool and ephemeral as a dream . 
 `` to break either vow means death , '' he said , standing . 
 he pulled me up beside him . 
 he watched me for a long while , then nodded . 
 `` the bargain is now struck . 
 come . '' 
 we zigzagged through several more hallways and finally hit the top of the stairs . 
 my arm burned , but i ignored the slight pain . 
 devyn grabbed my hand and tugged me toward the pool . 
 `` i need a necklace , too , '' i said , dragging my feet to slow him . 
 `` just hold on to me , and you will be fine . '' 
 he flicked me an unreadable glance . 
 `` there is still time to change your mind . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` very well , '' he sighed . 
 `` what happens if - '' i wanted to know what would happen if we became separated , but he pulled me inside the oddly dry jelly before i could finish my sentence . 
 i was sucked into a vacuum . 
 my feet lost their solid anchor , and my heartbeat quickened , nearly exploding inside my chest . 
 screams erupted , winding around me like ivy leaves reaching for the sun . 
 too-bright stars buzzed past my head . 
 a terrible wind kicked up , shoving me from every angle . 
 i had to fight to remain upright , and clutched desperately at devyn 's hand . 
 round and round we began to spin , stars winking and flashing at me . 
 the wind became so violent , the targon was ripped from my grip . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` devyn ! '' 
 he wore the necklace . 
 i needed him to reach earth . 
 did n't i ? 
 without him ... blindly i groped the air with both hands , searching for him . 
 for any type of anchor . 
 instead of finding him , i felt everything still . 
 the screams ceased abruptly . 
 the lights faded . 
 my feet hit a solid foundation . 
 i swayed . 
 my pulse continued to hammer , but i regained my equilibrium . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 and gasped . 
 i stood in an open forest of tall , green trees . 
 cool air enveloped me , not dry but humid . 
 crickets chirped a lazy tune , and moonlight dripped hazy rays on the grass . 
 i sucked in a breath , inhaling familiar scents of pine and dirt . 
 of earth . 
 golden tendrils of hair were glued to my temples , and i pushed them back with shaky fingers . 
 i 'd made it . 
 i 'd truly returned . 
 i scanned the area for the targon . 
 he was n't here . 
 i could n't concern myself with him right now . 
 i had to find a phone . 
 had to call michael . 
 i sprinted through the trees , my determination giving me swift wings . 
 gnarled limbs whipped at my face , and stones and twigs attempted to trip my feet . 
 i ran for over an hour , toward the buildings i saw towering on the horizon . 
 breath burned my throat and lungs , but i never slowed . 
 when i reached the first building , i realized they were homes . 
 only one glowed with internal lights . 
 i ran to the front door and slammed my fists against the thick oak entrance . 
 when no one answered , i banged harder . 
 `` stop that racket , '' someone shouted from above . 
 `` i 'm trying to sleep . '' 
 my gaze followed the sound , and i found myself staring up at a silver-headed man with a wrinkled , irritated face . 
 `` i need to use your phone . '' 
 `` you need to learn how to shut up . 
 i 'm tired . '' 
 scowling , i grabbed a rock from the colorful , blooming garden and broke the window . 
 i did n't have time to pick the lock or mess with the id box . 
 their security system erupted in a series of high-pitched beeps . 
 i reached through the shattered glass , cringed when a sharp piece sliced my skin , adding another wound , and ripped the lock system from the side wall . 
 the door opened of its own accord . 
 i shoved my way inside . 
 the silver-headed man was racing down the steps , and now he had a civilian pyre-gun in hand . 
 `` i 'm armed , '' he shouted , `` and iwill shoot to kill . '' 
 i moved swiftly , met him halfway , and tripped him down the stairs . 
 he squeezed off a shot , but the stream of fire whizzed past my shoulder . 
 as he fell , i wrenched the gun from his hands . 
 by the time he reached the bottom , i had the barrel pointed at his heart . 
 `` where 's your phone ? '' 
 i demanded , my aim steady and sure . 
 `` do n't hurt me , '' he cried . 
 `` just tell me where your phone is , and you 'll be fine . '' 
 tears streamed down his cheeks as he pointed a shaky finger to a nearby table . 
 i hated that i had terrified the human , but i did n't have time for niceties . 
 `` you move and you die . 
 understand ? '' 
 a sob racked him , but he nodded . 
 keeping the pyre-gun directed on him , i walked backward to the table . 
 with one hand , i punched michael 's number into the unit . 
 the silver-headed man never moved a muscle . 
 `` this is black , '' my boss soon answered . 
 how wonderful it was to hear his voice . 
 `` michael , lucius has been shot . '' 
 `` eden ? '' 
 shock and happiness and relief mingled in his tone . 
 `` my god , eden , tell me it 's you . 
 you 've been gone three days without a word . 
 we lost your signal , and i thought - '' `` i 'm fine , but i do n't have a lot of time . '' 
 three days had passed , yet only one had passed on targon . 
 `` have you spoken to lucius ? 
 has he checked in ? '' 
 `` last he checked in , he told me you had been abducted as planned and he was going in to buy you . 
 after that , we never heard from him again . 
 we 've been searching for him but have n't caught a trace . 
 we had your location locked , and even checked there . 
 nothing . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` jonathan parker shot him . '' 
 `` is he de - '' `` no ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 i still was n't ready to consider the possibility . 
 `` i think eenli has him now and means to sell him as a slave . 
 there are five women , too , meant to be put up for sale . 
 has eenli been spotted at all ? '' 
 `` no , but jonathan parker was found dead . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i killed him . 
 michael , '' i said , my voice shaky . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` where the hell are you , sweetie ? 
 i 'll be there as fast as i can . '' 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i demanded of the man at the foot of the stairs . 
 my urgency made me sound fierce , lethal . 
 his already pale face went white at my renewed attention , and he gaggled out a few unintelligible sounds . 
 `` tell me where i am , '' i said gently . 
 `` please . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 my gentleness lifted him out of his terror-filled shock . 
 `` new mon-montana , '' he stuttered . 
 `` new montana , '' i told michael . 
 `` can you get my signal now ? '' 
 `` let 's see . '' 
 a moment passed , the sound of his breathing and the clicking of computer keys the only sound . 
 `` got you now , '' he said with satisfaction . 
 `` we 'll get you home , baby , we 'll get you home . '' 
 `` no . 
 i need you to take me back to new dallas . 
 back to the house they kept me in . 
 eenli is still here , i know it , and that means lucius is here , too . 
 they might still be inside . 
 we 've got to save him , michael . 
 the others , too . '' 
 `` we will , '' he said , hearing my panic . 
 `` we will . 
 i promise you . '' 
 the sound of police sirens penetrated the background . 
 their blue and red lights soon followed . 
 `` just get here as fast as you can , '' i said and left the house the same way i 'd come . 
 chapter 26 you enlisted the aid of a targon ? '' 
 michael growled . 
 his familiar voice boomed from the headphones covering my ears and was like a soothing spell from a voodoo priest . 
 i gazed out the experimental hovercraft 's window , drinking in the dark , almost velvet sky and diamond-glistening stars . 
 the vehicle 's engine was small and quiet , emitting only a slight hum as the twenty-three-million-dollar machine soared through the air . 
 i 'd already explained to him how the solar flare worked , and about the necklace . 
 i told him about eenli 's man having an electro-gun . 
 he had listened in stony silence . 
 i was n't sure how i felt that the first thing he 'd reacted to was my involvement with the targon . 
 `` do you realize , '' he continued , speaking into his small black mouthpiece , `` that the targon king , whatever the hell his name is , could right now be warning eenli about you ? 
 your cover could be completely blown . '' 
 my coverwas blown , but i did n't point that out . 
 `` saving lucius matters . 
 saving the women matters . 
 nothing else . '' 
 and after devyn 's vow , i did n't think he 'd betray me . 
 that vow had seemed so ... official . 
 so life-threatening , just as he 'd claimed . 
 `` maybe devyn has told eenli i 'm here and after him , maybe he has n't . 
 either way , i 'm hunting him down . '' 
 michael expelled a frustrated breath through his teeth . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll let you go to the building , but you 're taking ren and marko with you . 
 they 'll - '' `` no . 
 i go alone . '' 
 i was willing to use the targon . 
 he had powers that could work to my advantage . 
 i would n't be taking humans-especially not michael 's agents . 
 after seeing eenli with that electro-gun , i knew there was a very real possibility michael had a leak . 
 i could n't risk eenli going underground again . 
 i explained this to michael , but he shook his head . 
 `` eenli and i worked on that gun together . 
 there is n't a leak . 
 you 're taking my men , and that 's final . '' 
 maybe there was n't a leak . 
 i still was n't willing to risk it . 
 `` i guess that means i quit . '' 
 at last i turned and faced him . 
 his expression was hard , resolute . 
 i think he had more gray hair than the last time i 'd seen him . 
 `` now try and give orders . '' 
 something cold and hard glistened in his eyes-a glint that had never been directed at me before . 
 `` you 're willing to give up your place within the agency , to give up everything you and i have worked toward , just to save lucius on your own ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' i answered without hesitation . 
 `` it 's safest that way . '' 
 `` well , guess what ? 
 the man you so desperately want to save , the government did n't pay him to be your partner.i paid him to keep you safe . 
 me personally . 
 and he failed . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` hewas to keep you from eenli and kill him himself.he was to protect you and bring you home unscathed . 
 he did none of those things . 
 he failed . '' 
 my stomach clenched as his words sunk in and brought a memory to the forefront of my mind . 
 once , when i 'd first met lucius , he 'd said something about being paid by michael . 
 at the time , i 'd thought nothing of it , that it had been a slip of the tongue . 
 a mix of shock and anger poured through me . 
 lucius should have told me . 
 he 'd had plenty of opportunities while we were in bed together . 
 i did n't like that he 'd lied to me . 
 still , that did n't change how i felt about him . 
 i 'd punish him for lying , of course , but first i 'd save his life . 
 `` you want me to be mad at him , and i am . 
 but i 'm also mad at you . 
 you paid him , michael . 
 do you really trust me so little ? '' 
 my voice was quiet . 
 hurt . 
 `` do you really see me as so incapable ? '' 
 when he realized the darkest heat of my anger was n't directed at lucius , but at him , he experienced his own wave of shock . 
 `` i love you . 
 i 'll do whatever i have to do to keep you safe . 
 please . 
 take a few of my men with you . '' 
 that was it . 
 that was all he had to say to me . 
 sadness beat through me . 
 `` i know you love me , michael , but i see now that you 'll never see me the way i want-need-you to . 
 as a woman of strength and courage-a woman who can successfully complete any task . 
 the way lucius sees me , '' i said , and realized it was true . 
 he 'd told me he was proud of me , that i 'd done a good job.he 'd released me into the lion 's den , so to speak , and trusted me to find my way out . 
 `` my resignation stands , '' i said . 
 `` i go alone . '' 
 his nostrils flared and his cheeks flushed , obvious signs he was angry at my lack of capitulation . 
 `` if you 're no longer an agent , you have no business going after lucius . 
 i 'll take you home . 
 you need the rest , anyway . '' 
 `` take me to new dallas , '' i snapped , `` or i swear to god i 'll join eenli and become his right-hand woman . '' 
 i 'd do it , too . 
 i 'd do whatever was necessary for lucius and the women . 
 `` when i was a little girl , you used to count to three when i refused to do your bidding . 
 and if you made it to three and i did n't act , i 'd be punished . 
 not that you 'd ever see the punishment through . '' 
 `` do n't be this way , eden . '' 
 `` one . '' 
 `` please . 
 just let it go . '' 
 `` two . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` thre - '' `` fine . '' 
 michael 's lips thinned , but he nodded stiffly . 
 `` i 'll take you to new dallas . 
 i 'll send you straight into the heart of danger alone . '' 
 he knew i never made empty threats . 
 `` just do n't cry foul when i send my guys after you . 
 you 've been warned . '' 
 motions stiff , he punched a button on the side of his headset , switching his communication link to the pilot . 
 when he returned the link to me , i said , `` give me the map to the house where i was held . '' 
 he did , and a little while later we landed in new dallas . 
 i hurriedly changed into the standard agent attire michael had brought me-black pants , shirt , boots , and weapons , lots and lots of weapons-then stole a black duffel bag loaded with even more weapons and necessities from the hovercraft . 
 i left the private airstrip on foot without another word to or from michael . 
 the moment i was out of hearing distance , i knew he commanded two of his men to dog my steps . 
 toprotect me , i thought , scowling . 
 when it came to eenli , they 'd do more harm than good . 
 alert him , perhaps . 
 frighten him away . 
 feigning nonchalance , i drew the men into a darkened alley . 
 unfortunately , the pyre-gun in my bag only stunned and immobilized other-worlders . 
 fortunately , the bag also held a new prototype for a human pyre-gun . 
 i 'd practiced using the weapon only once before , and now prayed i did n't accidentally fry up michael 's men like a fourth of july barbecue . 
 when they sneaked their way into the alley , i aimed and fired . 
 a thin red beam erupted , freezing the first man in place . 
 the second drew his gun , but i 'd already shifted my aim . 
 i squeezed the trigger , emitting another thin red beam . 
 it hit him dead center in the chest . 
 `` sorry , boys , '' i said , pushing their frozen bodies into the shadows . 
 i turned on their cell units so michael could track them when they did n't check in . 
 alone now , i entered a busy street lined with cars . 
 i picked the most expensive and heavily secured because i knew how to reprogram it . 
 luck was on my side . 
 the black luxury sedan was covered in shadows . 
 kneeling down , i opened my duffel bag . 
 after withdrawing the proper tools , i used a mini wire cutter to rearrange the id pad , then inserted a new control chip . 
 standard issue . 
 the driver 's - side door opened automatically . 
 i then reprogrammed the command unit to my specifications , and the car roared to life . 
 quick.easy . 
 i followed the map michael had given me and drove within a mile of the house , unwilling to risk hidden cameras and security by stopping too close . 
 i parked the car in a thicket of trees and emerged . 
 i did n't bother with the duffel bag . 
 everything i needed was strapped to me . 
 weighed down as i was with weapons , i had to move slowly through the forest . 
 slivers of moonlight guided me . 
 too bad the air was warm and dry . 
 finally , the old house came into view . 
 it appeared like an average home-well kept , gray stone . 
 not too big . 
 a rush of emotions overtook me : fury , hope , dread . 
 for an instant , i flashed back to the first mission that had brought me to eenli . 
 i 'd gone in alone then , too . 
 i 'd also failed . 
 but i would n't fail now . 
 too much was at stake . 
 though the lights were out , making the isolated residence appear empty , i did n't relax my guard . 
 my gaze constantly soaked in the details of my surroundings . 
 it would n't do to trip a wire or motion detector and alert the inhabitants of my approach . 
 pyre-gun in one hand , blade in the other , i entered the house . 
 no alarm sounded . 
 i moved through the shadows , searching every room , every corner-even the dungeon . 
 the sentinels were gone ; the women were gone . 
 lucius was gone . 
 `` damn it , '' i snarled . 
 i leaned against a corner wall in the living room-the very place my auction had been held-staring down at the blood dried on the carpet . 
 lucius 's blood . 
 there was a large pool of it that blended with jonathan 's , making the air reek with a metallic tang . 
 where was lucius ? 
 where had the women been taken ? 
 think , eden , think.where would eenli have gone from here ? 
 most likely the same place he 'd been hiding all these many weeks-a place we had been unable to discover . 
 a board creaked . 
 my hands clenched around my weapons . 
 instinctively i sank deeper into the shadows and slowly turned to find the source of the noise . 
 `` eden , '' a familiar male voice said . 
 `` i know you 're there . 
 i can smell your woman 's scent . '' 
 my mouth pulled in a scowl . 
 i did n't relax my hold on the gun . 
 `` how did you get here so quickly , targon ? 
 i had to take a hovercraft . '' 
 `` i knew where to land . '' 
 he entered the living room completely . 
 moonlight flooded through the far window and bathed him in light . 
 `` you wo n't find anyone here . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i , too , abandoned the shadows as i reholstered the pyre-gun . 
 `` do you know where eenli is ? '' 
 he grinned , a familiar expression of smugness . 
 `` of course i know where he is . 
 i am his best customer . '' 
 i stepped toward him . 
 `` you swore to help me , and i 'm holding you to your word . 
 take me to him . '' 
 his grin widened , stretching across his entire face . 
 so handsome . 
 so in need of a beating . 
 `` you also promised me one night . 
 we failed to work out a few details , though . 
 like who would get their reward first . '' 
 so , he wanted to rebargain . 
 i pretended to soften , to sink into his body . 
 his arms instantly wrapped around me . 
 i let my blade slide past my wrist cuff until my fingers circled the handle , and then i inched the sharp edge toward his penis . 
 `` by all means , let 's rebargain . '' 
 `` ah , eden , you are so predictable . 
 if you 'll notice , i 'm wearing a metal shield this time . '' 
 i scowled as i sheathed the knife . 
 intimidation would n't work with this man , this sex fiend . 
 `` will you help me for a kiss ? '' 
 `` just one ? '' 
 `` with tongue , '' i snapped . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` now . '' 
 i stood on my tiptoes , but let him come to me . 
 `` deal . '' 
 slowly , so slowly , he lowered his head . 
 our lips met , soft and gentle . 
 he did n't give me his tongue . 
 no , he made me give him mine . 
 i cupped his cheeks and angled his head , then swept my tongue into his mouth . 
 his arms locked around my waist , holding me captive in his embrace . 
 he tasted hot and virile . 
 he was strong ; he was all man . 
 but he was n't lucius , and he did n't make me burn for more . 
 he pulled from me with regret and trailed his fingertip over the seam of my lips . 
 `` i must be losing my touch . '' 
 `` eenli , '' i prompted . 
 `` he is at his warehouse , and if your human is alive he will be at the warehouse , too , soon to be sold as a slave . '' 
 frowning , i shook my head . 
 `` they are not at the warehouse . 
 we have control of it . '' 
 `` yes , i heard about that . 
 too bad you did n't seize his other one . '' 
 breath whooshed out of my lungs . 
 i 'd never thought , not once , that eenli might have another warehouse . 
 i felt stupid ; i wanted to scream . 
 and dance . 
 this was it ; i was at last on the right course . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 my voice was raw , hoarse with emotion . 
 devyn sighed , and his warm breath fanned my cheek . 
 `` why , next door to the first . 
 is n't that the way of it ? 
 hide under your enemies ' nose , and they 'll never find you ? 
 there 's a big sale tonight , a sale i originally planned to attend . '' 
 yes , this was it . 
 i practically hummed with the force of my fervor . 
 `` i need you to take me to that sale . '' 
 `` and i need you to promise me another kiss . '' 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 `` done . '' 
 `` i love bargaining with you , sweet . '' 
 he leaned down until his lips brushed my ear . 
 `` but you know what ? 
 i would have taken you to the sale , '' he said , drawing out the words and giving them a proper texas accent , `` for free . '' 
 chapter 27 devyn kept a car in this world , so i left the one i 'd stolen and climbed into his-a sleek red jaguar parked in back of the home . 
 as we drove to eenli 's second warehouse , my stomach tightened and my blood heated . 
 soft classical music poured from the speakers , which surprised me . 
 i 'd expected devyn to like gyrating rock , fast and hard , the way he wanted his sex . 
 minutes dragged by as we sped down the highway . 
 more minutes dragged by . 
 even more passed without a word . 
 `` what did you think of my kiss ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i think he asked just to cut through the silence . 
 maybe to relieve my tension . 
 `` it was ... good . '' 
 `` good ? 
 good ! '' 
 his amber eyes gleamed with affront . 
 `` i expect to hear words likemagnificent . 
 wondrous . 
 unequalled . 
 notgood . '' 
 `` it was missing something , okay ? 
 do n't be a baby . '' 
 `` it was missing nothing . '' 
 i pinched the bridge of my nose . 
 `` mind if i give you a piece of advice , devyn ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he still sounded offended . 
 `` i do mind . '' 
 `` do n't force your way into a woman 's life . 
 the kiss would have been a whole lot better if i 'd wanted to give it to you . '' 
 `` there would not have been a kiss if i had n't pushed you for it . '' 
 he shifted in his seat . 
 `` you will not think i am missing something when we have our night together . '' 
 i gave no reply . 
 i did n't know what to say , really . 
 i 'd give him his night because i 'd promised it to him . 
 that did n't mean i 'd enjoy it or be an eager participant . 
 at last we reached our destination . 
 we slowed , then stopped altogether . 
 there was a long , long line of cars ahead of us , awaiting the valet , i supposed . 
 facing the window , i cast my gaze to the dusty , spacious warehouse . 
 a crowd of people , other-worlder and human combined , ambled inside , nearly busting the building at its seams . 
 `` we have the other warehouse under surveillance . 
 why are n't agents all over this place ? '' 
 `` your surveillance cameras are easily rigged . 
 is n't that the reason they were outlawed without license ? '' 
 my lips dipped in a frown , and i tangled a hand through my hair . 
 `` all right . 
 this is what we 're going to do , '' i told devyn on a sigh . 
 `` when we get inside , i want you to pretend to be eager to take part in the auction . 
 i also want you to pretend to be my master . '' 
 `` pretend ? '' 
 he caressed his thick fingers over the program box and grinned at me . 
 `` yes , damn it . 
 pretend , '' i said , purposefully mistaking his meaning . 
 `` you can act , ca n't you ? '' 
 the car eased forward a bit . 
 `` oh , i know i can . 
 but can you ? 
 you will have to act the part of my slave . '' 
 his enjoyment irritated me . 
 `` i will . '' 
 i hated to rely on him so much , but it could n't be helped . 
 i could n't do this without him , and we both knew it . 
 not successfully , at least . 
 first lucius , now devyn . 
 i 'd always been a woman who prided myself on getting the job done right all on my own . 
 admitting i needed help left a bitter taste in my mouth . 
 right now i was too concerned with saving the man i loved to give a shit . 
 loved ? 
 i almost groaned . 
 i did , i realized . 
 i loved him . 
 somehow , during this mission , he 'd become everything to me . 
 he was smart , resourceful . 
 intense . 
 sarcastic . 
 he was everything i 'd needed in my life , but had n't known until just now . 
 the car moved another inch . 
 `` once lucius and the others are safe , i 'll need you to get me close to eenli . 
 he will be here tonight , wo n't he ? '' 
 `` he has attended every auction in the past , so i expect him to be at this one . 
 are you going to kill him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i answered without hesitation , relish dripping from my tone . 
 devyn 's head tilted to the side as he considered my words . 
 `` i do not think i want him dead . '' 
 `` why the hell not ? 
 he 's evil . '' 
 `` yes , but he supplies my women . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` why do you enslave women like that ? 
 you 're a handsome man . 
 females of every race would willingly come to you if you only asked . '' 
 one of his brows arched . 
 `` you would n't . 
 youdid n't . '' 
 good point . 
 `` i 'm an exception to the rule . '' 
 `` not for long , '' he said cockily . 
 as he spoke , he reached over and traced a fingertip over my thigh . 
 his skin was callused and surprisingly cool , a sweet contrast to the heat outside . 
 `` get your hand off me before you do n't have a hand to remove . 
 your night has n't started yet . '' 
 his mouth stretched wide in a grin , but he did as i 'd asked and removed his hand . 
 `` touchy , touchy . 
 you should be rejoicing , little raka . 
 one day soon , if not this very night , you 're going to be lying in my arms . 
 where is your joy ? 
 your words of thanks ? '' 
 `` your other women got to scratch you and draw your blood . 
 that 's the only thought giving me joy right now . '' 
 `` silly woman . '' 
 his grin slowly faded . 
 his expression became deadly serious . 
 gone was the man of easy humor , and in his place was the king of targon . 
 i did n't know what had brought about the change , but i could guess . 
 he 'd actually begun to enjoy the intrigue and danger of this mission , and he wanted to win . 
 `` when we get inside , '' he said , his tone as cool as his touch had been , `` you need to walk two steps behind me . 
 you will sit at my feet when i take a chair . '' 
 his gaze flicked over my black pants and shirt . 
 `` you 'll need something sexier to wear . 
 i would never bring my slave out in public like that . 
 what happened to your pink clothing ? '' 
 `` i trashed it . 
 and i have nothing else to wear . '' 
 `` then strip , '' he said , as if it was a perfectly natural thing to demand of me . 
 scowling , i ripped off my shirt and threw the material in the back seat , leaving me in my bra . 
 it was black , not particularly sexy , but it did showcase my golden skin in a nice way . 
 several blade handles poked above the waist of my pants . 
 without the shirt , my guns were also visible . 
 i had to remove most of them . 
 `` take off the pants , '' devyn ordered . 
 `` go to hell , '' i said , but withdrew my knife and cut the legs off of the pants until i wore the tiniest scrap of material-barely covering the curve of my ass . 
 `` much better . 
 now release your hair from confinement . '' 
 i ripped the band from my hair , and the silky strands instantly fell over my shoulders , down my back . 
 `` i can not wait to have you , '' he said on a breath of desire . 
 well , he was just going to have to . 
 our car finally moved to the front of the line and stopped . 
 a cowboy-clad human opened my door , and i emerged . 
 the midnight air boasted the scent of hay and car fumes . 
 the human 's eyes drank me in , his expression lighting with awe . 
 i do n't think he even realized he was reaching out to me , to caress a hand down my bare stomach . 
 i stepped aside , not wanting his fingers anywhere on me . 
 devyn came around the car and moved in front of me , looking sexy as hell in his moss green kilt and white shirt . 
 his glossy brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail . 
 his amber eyes were alive . 
 without a word , he began walking , expecting me to follow . 
 i did . 
 the crowd parted automatically for him as we entered the building . 
 i felt many stares but i did n't acknowledge them . 
 my boots bit into the dirt floor . 
 devyn stopped several times to speak with an acquaintance , and i used the time to search for eenli . 
 he was nowhere that i could see , and that caused shards of frustration to cut through me . 
 what if he did not attend ? 
 i was soon led to a group of folding chairs lined up in front of a scaffold . 
 my heart thundered in my chest . 
 atop the scaffold were the `` slaves . '' 
 their hands were tied over their heads and anchored to a wooden beam . 
 they wore gauzy white robes , easily parted and removable for viewing . 
 i saw the five women from the cell , and my knees almost buckled in relief . 
 their expressions were pale with fear , but they were alive . 
 there were six other women , as well , but i did n't recognize them . 
 nor did i recognize the strong , muscled men bound beside them . 
 my gaze darted to the others , the ones in back , but i could n't see them all.lucius , lucius , my mind chanted as i searched for him , praying he was here . 
 my muscles kept a viselike grip on my bones . 
 the targon king claimed a seat on the first row . 
 recalling his words to me , i stiffly sank down at his feet . 
 god , i did n't want to . 
 i wanted to stand , to scream , to act.patience , i reminded myself.patience . 
 he patted my head . 
 `` good girl , '' he said , obviously enjoying himself . 
 my new position did not change my actions . 
 i continued to scan the slaves . 
 the one at the end of the scaffold was partially hidden by shadows and the two men who were inspecting him . 
 the slave 's legs were extended , his robe parted , and i could see his bronzed skin . 
 for a minute , my lungs refused to draw in a breath . 
 i gulped , willing the men to move out of my line of vision . 
 sweat beaded on my forehead . 
 my shaky hands clutched at the dirt beneath me.move , my mind screamed . 
 patience proved too elusive , so i gave up the effort to find it . 
 finally the men ambled off the scaffold , giving me a clear view of the slave . 
 my lungs jolted into motion , and at last i sucked in a breath . 
 i nearly jumped to my feet and raced up those wooden stairs . 
 he was here . 
 lucius was here . 
 and he was alive . 
 relief and joy pounded through me so potently , i could have wept . 
 his features were blank and pale ; his fake scar was gone , and i was willing to bet his contacts had been removed . 
 his robe covered his shoulder and chest , so i could n't see his wound . 
 his clothes were n't bloody , so that meant he 'd been bandaged up . 
 `` i told you he would be here , '' devyn said . 
 a woman approached lucius , parted his robe , and gazed at his nakedness . 
 her large frame blocked my own viewing . 
 lucius passively accepted her perusal , which was n't like him . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 i did n't want to , but i switched my attention to devyn . 
 `` see the woman at the end of the scaffold ? '' 
 without looking down at me , he nodded . 
 `` get her to move . 
 please . '' 
 in the next instant , the woman yelped and tumbled off the edge as if she 'd been propelled by a great gust of wind . 
 i jolted to my feet , hoping to gain lucius 's attention . 
 his gaze was moving listlessly over the crowd , then ... our eyes locked . 
 relief , hope , joy , fury , all washed over his face-all the emotions i felt-and he snapped out of his passive haze . 
 he jerked against the ties at his wrists , shaking the entire scaffold . 
 `` take me to him , '' i whispered , looking down at devyn . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` of course . 
 a favor for a favor , '' he said . 
 he stood , eyes straight ahead . 
 `` you will follow me on your knees , slave . '' 
 i bent down and crawled after him . 
 sand and rocks dug into my skin . 
 i even crawled up the splintery steps . 
 i endured it without comment , knowing where it was leading me . 
 when we reached lucius , devyn stopped and grinned over at him . 
 `` we 're going to buy you , '' he said . 
 `` you will belong to us . '' 
 lucius had eyes only for me . 
 `` is she - '' `` she is fine . '' 
 i nodded to let him know it was true . 
 `` she has bargained much to get you free . 
 i hope you appreciate her . '' 
 lucius 's brow wrinkled in curiosity , but devyn did n't explain . 
 he walked away , back to his chair , and i had to follow him . 
 i wanted to run back to lucius , almost did in fact . 
 devyn sensed it and locked me in place with his mental shield . 
 as my heart thumped and my blood rushed , i tried to tell lucius with my eyes that everything really was going to be okay . 
 `` eden , '' the targon said suddenly , `` my calves are aching from those stairs . 
 massage the muscles for me . '' 
 i leveled him my deadliest glare . 
 he gave an almost imperceptible nod to lucius and released me from the frozen stun . 
 free to move , i began kneading my fingers into his calves . 
 i used so much force , he hissed in a breath of pain that he tried to cover with a cough . 
 `` this is n't a game , '' i growled quietly . 
 lucius looked at devyn , then at me , and a light of understanding dawned in his eyes . 
 furious , he bucked against his chains , causing a trickle of blood to run down his arms . 
 `` put him to sleep , '' i beseeched , stopping my massage and giving the targon my full attention . 
 `` please , put him to sleep like you did before . 
 the guards will subdue him if this continues . '' 
 with another stiff nod , he gazed over at lucius , and within seconds lucius 's muscles were relaxing . 
 his head lolled forward as he sank into a deep slumber . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` do you see ? 
 i 'm not such a bad man , eden . '' 
 `` do i owe you another kiss ? '' 
 i could n't keep the aggravation from my voice . 
 he frowned . 
 `` iam capable of giving free gifts . '' 
 just then , the murmurs of the crowd quieted . 
 the people began to part , and whispers of `` eenli '' surfaced . 
 my head whipped up , and i scanned the building . 
 my eyes narrowed as deep-seated loathing filled me . 
 eenli had just entered the warehouse . 
 chapter 28 everyone hurriedly claimed their seats while eenli climbed the stairs and meandered his way to center stage . 
 as he walked , he waved and winked at the crowd as if he were a superstar and everyone here was his devoted fan . 
 full cowboy regalia covered his thin mec body . 
 cowboy hat , vest , chaps . 
 he looked ridiculous . 
 smiling , he held up his hands in a gesture for utter silence . 
 my hatred grew and festered , bubbled over and spewed . 
 i could throw my dagger at his throat , but i did n't want a long-distance kill this time . 
 i wanted up close and personal , so there would be no doubt of his death , no mistake . 
 `` can you put everyone to sleep ? '' 
 i quietly asked devyn . 
 if the crowd , guards , and eenli passed out cold , i would blithely walk onto the stage and stab eenli in the heart . 
 not that he had one . 
 devyn thought about it for a moment . 
 `` one at a time , but yes , i could do it . '' 
 `` do it , '' i said , the words lashing from me . 
 `` now . 
 please . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 `` where is the fun in that ? 
 i came all this way , wasted money and two warriors , and i expect a show guaranteed to amuse me . '' 
 i bit my tongue until blood seeped down my throat . 
 `` welcome , '' eenli said , hushing our conversation . 
 `` welcome , everyone . 
 a.i.r. thought they could close us down , but here we are . '' 
 cheers erupted . 
 after a sufficient length of time , eenli waved again for silence . 
 `` i am honored to have everyone here , especially such honored guests as the king of morevv and the king of targon . '' 
 his gaze paused on devyn . 
 `` i see you brought your new slave , devyn . '' 
 the targon nodded regally , his fingers stroking my hair . 
 `` that i did , but one can never have enough servants . '' 
 `` i had n't expected you to tame this one so quickly . '' 
 `` who said she was tame ? '' 
 devyn winked . 
 the crowd laughed . 
 i glared up at eenli , not even trying to dampen the disgust and loathing in my eyes . 
 his skin glowed a bright shade of blue and pink-he was enjoying himself . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , '' he said , returning his attention to the crowd . 
 `` you have a wide variety to choose from today . 
 are you ready to begin ? '' 
 another round of cheers . 
 `` then so we shall . '' 
 eenli stepped to the side as one of his new targon guards brought forth the first victim , a young , pretty girl of no more than fifteen . 
 her body trembled , causing locks of her carmine hair to spill forward . 
 tears streamed down her cheeks , and she bit back a sob when eenli parted her robe , revealing her still-developing nakedness to the onlookers . 
 she did n't fight . 
 i doubted any of them would . 
 they 'd probably been threatened by unimaginable horrors if they so much as uttered a single protest . 
 `` a virgin to tempt any man , '' eenli boasted . 
 and so the bidding began . 
 one by one , men and women were sold to the highest bidder . 
 i wanted devyn to buy them all , but he only bought the virgin , as well as the women who had been locked inside the cell with me . 
 perhaps because i 'd squeezed his thigh until he 'd hissed out a price . 
 then , finally , lucius 's turn arrived . 
 he still slept peacefully . 
 `` look at this prime piece , '' eenli said . 
 `` he will be good for manual labor , as well as bedroom labor . '' 
 `` buy him for me , '' i whispered up to devyn . 
 `` i believe i 've done quite enough for you , '' he said , prim now . 
 `` i 'll give you two nights instead of one , plus the two kisses i owe you . '' 
 the king 's eyes swirled vivid amber , and he immediately placed his first bid . 
 someone else , a white-headed arcadian female , countered . 
 on and on they bickered . 
 eenli 's gaze remained narrowed on devyn , as if he could n't quite figure out what was going on . 
 in the end , devyn won the battle . 
 he put the arcadian to sleep , effectively ending her bidding . 
 and so , the auction was over . 
 `` thank you for coming , '' eenli told everyone . 
 `` if you did n't win or did n't find what you were looking for , please contact me . 
 i usually hold private auctions , but because of a recent upheaval we had to do things a little differently this time around . '' 
 the people around me stood . 
 `` if you put everyone to sleep , i 'll give you three nights , '' i said , desperate to keep anyone from leaving . 
 i did n't want a single `` slave '' to be dragged out that door . 
 i would set them free-or die trying . 
 `` i might be tired of you after two nights . '' 
 devyn uttered a breezy yawn . 
 `` the heat in here is stifling . 
 should we collect your humans and leave ? '' 
 `` you vowed to take me to my enemy . '' 
 `` and so i have . 
 you see him , do you not ? '' 
 `` what is it you want from me ? '' 
 i asked , more desperate now than before . 
 `` the same devotion you give your human . 
 your vow to eagerly accept me when i take you . '' 
 `` done , '' i said , though we both knew i lied . 
 his gaze darted to the warehouse 's only door . 
 `` no one seems to be leaving yet . 
 they 're lingering . '' 
 `` so ? 
 put them to sleep before they decide tostop lingering . '' 
 `` first i want to thank our host for a wonderful evening . '' 
 yes , i thought darkly . 
 let 's thank him properly , shall we ? 
 i should have protested , should have insisted devyn do my bidding , yet the thought of finally , at long last , coming face-to-face with eenli proved too intoxicating . 
 devyn rose . 
 when he moved past me , i followed behind him like a good little slave . 
 we climbed the steps , me on my knees . 
 my gaze lingered on lucius 's sleeping form until i rammed into a large piece of splintered wood . 
 eenli was in deep conversation with another mec . 
 when he noticed devyn , he waved the mec away . 
 `` i made quite a profit from you this evening , '' he said with a grin . 
 `` that you did , '' devyn responded . 
 i reached behind my back to slide my knife from the waist of my pants ... only to realize my knife was gone . 
 my blood ran like ice in my veins . 
 how devyn had removed it , i did n't know . 
 bastard . 
 he knew i 'd been planning to kill eenli , here and now . 
 why had he stopped me ? 
 did he mean to betray me ? 
 no , i thought . 
 devyn wanted his nights with me ; he wanted me willing . 
 he 'd given me his vow . 
 that meant ... what ? 
 `` eden , rest your head on my leg like a good little girl . '' 
 i did so without hesitation , and he sifted his fingers through my hair . 
 `` how did you train her so quickly ? '' 
 eenli 's white gaze raked over me , lingering on my br ** sts , between my legs . 
 `` she 's a delectable little morsel , is n't she ? 
 perhaps i should have kept her for myself . 
 i just did n't expect her to be so docile so quickly . '' 
 `` i have the most ... persuasive training techniques . '' 
 the two men shared a hearty laugh . 
 `` thank you for the warriors . '' 
 eenli said , all business now . 
 `` they are proving to be very useful already . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` there 's something i need to speak with you about . 
 in private . '' 
 `` now is not the time , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` make the time . '' 
 devyn 's tone was hard , promising retribution if his request was n't met . 
 eenli 's skin glowed a light red , meaning he was only mildly perturbed . 
 his white eyes narrowed . 
 `` very well . 
 shall we adjourn to my office ? '' 
 `` that wo n't be necessary . '' 
 one by one , the people inside the warehouse began dropping to the dirt . 
 snores soon abounded . 
 i jumped up , unable to hold myself back a moment longer . 
 this ended now . 
 knife or no knife . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 eenli demanded , a look of confusion flittering over his face . 
 his red skin turned to a dark , molten yellow . 
 `` i believe you have unfinished business with my slave , '' the targon answered and stepped back . 
 `` not a slave , '' i said , moving forward . 
 `` assassin . 
 you see , i plan to do to you what i did to your partner , mris-ste . '' 
 the mec 's color changed again , once again glowing that deep , dark red . 
 `` so it was you . 
 i suspected michael , not his daughter . '' 
 he backed a step away from me , one of his hands slowly slipping inside his pockets . 
 `` give me the knife , '' i demanded of devyn without ever turning my attention . 
 `` no , '' was his reply . 
 i stomped my foot . 
 `` i 'm doing you another favor , eden . 
 i once had an enemy i despised with the same intensity you have for eenli . 
 i know that if you kill him too quickly , you will always regret it . 
 fight him . 
 beat him . 
 make him pay . '' 
 in the next instant , eenli whipped out a gun . 
 devyntsked under his tongue and mentally swept the weapon across the room . 
 it hit the floor with a thump . 
 eenli gasped , and i slowly stalked toward him . 
 with every step i tried to center my energy , but that proved impossible . 
 too many hot emotions clamored for release . 
 `` targon , '' he said , casting the king a nervous glance . 
 `` help me , and i will - '' `` this is between you and the raka , '' devyn said . 
 he grinned . 
 `` enjoy , both of you . 
 i know i will . 
 is there any popcorn ? 
 i love earth popcorn . '' 
 he continued to mutter about the popcorn as he hopped off the stage and sat in a chair . 
 i sprang . 
 eenli leapt to the side , but i managed to kick his shoulder . 
 as he stumbled , he growled low in his throat . 
 we circled each other . 
 his white eyes continually darted toward the door , and i knew he planned to run . 
 realizing he could go nowhere without me following , he tried another tactic . 
 `` do you think i knew nothing about you , eden ? '' 
 there was an evilness to his tone , a darkness that made me shudder . 
 `` i know more than you think . '' 
 i did n't respond . 
 i just edged closer . 
 `` i took great pleasure in enslaving you , '' he gloated . 
 `` you , a trained assassin . 
 you , michael black 's beloved daughter . 
 closer.closer . 
 like a tiger moving in for the kill , i circled him . 
 `` i 'd hoped the targon could control you , '' he said . 
 `` and i liked that michael would never see you again , that he would always wonder what happened to you . '' 
 i went low and kicked his ankles . 
 contact . 
 he fell with a whoosh , but sprang up quickly . 
 he pulsed with the barest hint of blue . 
 `` why do you want to kill me so desperately , hmm ? '' 
 `` for the pleasure of it . '' 
 `` you should want to destroy the one who killed your parents . 
 why do you think michael took you in ? 
 he 'd been assigned to kill your father . 
 but your mother got in the way , so he killed her , too . '' 
 fury boiled inside me , hotter , hotter . 
 i sprinted toward him and jumped , spinning midair , crunching the heel of my boot into his nose . 
 it snapped , and black-hued blood sprayed across the platform . 
 `` liar , '' i lashed out . 
 eenli stumbled to his feet , blood and spittle trickling down his face , onto his lips . 
 he struggled for air as his skin turned a mottled hue of purple . 
 `` i used to work for him . 
 did he tell you that ? '' 
 i knew what eenli was doing . 
 offering a truth to make his lie appear believable . 
 `` i do n't believe trash like you , eenli , so save your breath . '' 
 i hopped from foot to foot , and i moved toward him . 
 no more playing . 
 he ran to one of the sleeping guards and grabbed a weapon . 
 his eyes gleamed with victory as he aimed the pyre-gun , but i was already on him . 
 i kicked the gun from his hand , and it flew across the room . 
 i punted him in the chest . 
 he swung at me as he tumbled down . 
 his fist connected with my jaw , and my head whipped to the side . 
 he was up and on me before i could blink , pushing me down and trying to choke me . 
 i rocked back and wound my legs around his neck . 
 with one hard jerk , he was sailing backward . 
 i used the momentum to gain my footing and leapt to an upright position . 
 i lunged for him as he , too , jolted to his feet . 
 my head butted into his stomach , causing him to double over as his breath whooshed from his mouth . 
 straightening , i beat my fists into his face like i was a machine , over and over , again and again . 
 he fell onto the wood . 
 i fell with him , never pausing . 
 blood flung left and right with every blow . 
 devyn called from below , `` here . '' 
 his words reached my haze of destruction . 
 `` i 'm getting bored . 
 finish it , '' and he tossed me a knife . 
 i caught the hilt midair . 
 eenli gurgled something , perhaps , `` no , please , '' and tried to crawl away . 
 i grabbed his head and positioned my knife . 
 then i slit his throat the way i 'd wanted to from the beginning . 
 when his eyes glazed , i dropped his head with a thud . 
 it was n't enough , though . 
 devyn had been right . 
 it was n't enough . 
 i wanted eenli to suffer longer . 
 i wanted him to suffer for eternity . 
 `` nicely done , '' the targon said . 
 `` give me your phone , '' i commanded , wiping the mec 's black blood onto my pants . 
 he did so without another comment . 
 as i strode to lucius 's slumped , sleeping form , i dialed michael . 
 when he answered , i told him where i was . 
 `` i know where you are , '' he barked . 
 `` i tracked you with the isotope . 
 you 'll notice i trusted you enough not to send my men in . '' 
 `` bring a van and medical supplies . '' 
 a pause.a hiss of breath . 
 `` are you hurt ? 
 what 's - '' `` i 'm fine , lucius is n't . 
 hurry . '' 
 i hung up on him . 
 i 'd never done that before , but i did n't know what else to say to him right now . 
 i tossed the phone back to devyn and knelt beside the only man who had ever made me feel complete . 
 i caressed my hands over his heartbeat . 
 my shoulders slumped with relief when i felt a steady , even thumping . 
 he would live . 
 eenli was dead , the slaves were free . 
 we had won . 
 so why did i feel so lost ? 
 a lone tear slithered its way down my cheek . 
 chapter 29 idid n't allow devyn to awaken lucius . 
 i used my lover 's slumber to my advantage and parted his robe , checking his body for more injuries . 
 his left shoulder sported a thick white bandage , and he had an assortment of bruises across his chest . 
 other than that , he appeared fine . 
 winding one arm around his waist , i used the other to cut the bonds at his wrists . 
 his weight immediately hit me , and i eased him to the ground as gently as i could . 
 god , i 'd missed him . 
 i traced a fingertip over his stubbled jaw . 
 this man had believed in me when my own father had n't . 
 he might have lied to me about his reasons for becoming my partner , but in the end he had believed enough in me to let me work without trying to shield me or keep me safe at home . 
 without any prompting from me , devyn cut down the rest of the sleeping slaves . 
 when he reached a curvy blonde , he glanced over at me . 
 `` we bought this one , did n't we ? '' 
 `` you ca n't keep her , '' i replied on a strangled laugh . 
 `` you 're keeping that one , '' he said , motioning to lucius with his chin . 
 `` yeah , but he 's willing to be kept . '' 
 he looked at the blonde , then back at me . 
 `` this one might be willing , too . 
 i just need five minutes alone with her . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you can ask her if she wants to spend five minutes with you , but you ca n't force her . '' 
 he pouted . 
 michael and ten other agents burst into the warehouse moments later , pyre-guns drawn . 
 when they realized everyone was sleeping , they lowered their weapons but remained on alert . 
 `` over here , '' i called . 
 two agents reached me before michael . 
 `` take this man to a medic , then to my apartment . '' 
 i gave them the address , and they nodded . 
 together , they lifted lucius into their arms . 
 he moaned , the sound one of pain . 
 `` careful , '' i snapped . 
 `` he 's injured . '' 
 `` take him to my house , '' michael interjected . 
 `` i 'll have our doctors patch him up there . '' 
 `` take him to a medic , then to my apartment , or i 'll introduce both of you to my knife . '' 
 they looked fearfully to michael , because they knew i 'd do it . 
 he gave an abrupt nod . 
 `` do what she says . '' 
 as the men tromped off with lucius , i faced my father . 
 our gazes met , locked . 
 we still had business to settle . 
 `` everyone on the scaffold was kidnapped by eenli to be sold as slaves . 
 there are a few on the ground , as well . '' 
 `` and eenli ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i stood , shrugged . 
 `` dead . 
 by my hand . '' 
 his shoulders relaxed , and he ran a hand over his ragged features . 
 `` then it 's over . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm proud of you , eden . '' 
 he reached out and squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` i do n't tell you that enough . '' 
 `` you 're proud , yes , but do you finally believe in me ? '' 
 `` i 've always believed in you . '' 
 i brushed away his hold . 
 `` you paid men to look out for me , michael . 
 you never trusted me to do it on my own . '' 
 `` i was scared for you . 
 there 's a difference . '' 
 he rubbed his temples . 
 `` let 's get you home . 
 you can write me up a full report in the morning . 
 we 'll have breakfast and then you can get started on your next job . 
 i 've already got one lined up - '' `` i told you i do n't work for you anymore . '' 
 `` we both know you did n't mean it . '' 
 when i did n't say anything , he kicked sand with the tip of his shoe . 
 `` fine , if you do n't want to work for me , you do n't have to . 
 claudia chow has been worried about you and has been calling me for two days . 
 you can always go back to her and continue being her interpreter . '' 
 i was n't going to do that , either . 
 i did n't know what i was going to do , actually . 
 biting my lip , i stared down at my boots and tried to prepare myself for the conversation i was about to start . 
 bringing it up was harder than killing a target but if i did n't do it now , i would n't . 
 just say it . 
 `` eenli mentioned something about my parents . 
 you and i never talk about them , but i need to know if you ever found out who killed them . '' 
 he did n't say anything . 
 and as the moments ticked by , guilt washed over his still handsome features . 
 i blinked over at him . 
 `` michael ? '' 
 `` eden , '' he began before cutting himself off . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 so sorry . 
 i 've wanted to beg your forgiveness for so long , but i could n't bring it up . 
 i just could n't . '' 
 in that moment , i realized it was true . 
 eenli had n't lied . 
 deep down , i think i 'd expected michael to tell me eenli had done it . 
 but no , michael had actually dealt the death blows . 
 a sharp pain lanced through my chest , and i almost moaned . 
 he 'd never told me ; he 'd kept it secret all these years . 
 had n't trusted me to love him anyway . 
 to forgive . 
 with the realization , something inside me snapped , released . 
 anger and impotence for all the years i had n't talked about my parents because i 'd assumed michael did n't want the reminder that he was n't my biological father . 
 i backhanded him . 
 his head whipped to the side . 
 slowly he faced me , rubbing his now-bleeding lip . 
 `` i deserved that , '' he said calmly . 
 i stared into his face , the face i loved and had worshiped for so long . 
 `` tell me why . '' 
 `` they were a job , sweetie . 
 only a job . 
 they might have loved you , protected you , and treated you as a precious treasure , but they still sold drugs . 
 drugs that killed humans . 
 i did what i had to do , what i was paid to do . 
 how many parents have you killed ? '' 
 he asked quietly , darkly . 
 pointedly . 
 low blow.so low . 
 my knees almost buckled as his words slammed into my mind , echoing over and over . 
 the truth was , i did n't know the answer to that question . 
 the most likely answer was many.many . 
 i did n't know how many parents , brothers , sisters , aunts , and uncles i 'd killed over the years . 
 perhaps i had n't let myself consider the possibility . 
 i 'd always embraced my job-just as michael did . 
 `` eden , i - '' he reached for my hand . 
 i slapped his wrist . 
 `` save it . 
 i ca n't talk to you right now . 
 i 'll forgive you , yes , and i even understand , but i just ca n't talk to you right now . '' 
 i turned away from him then and helped the other agents separate eenli 's men from the slaves and auctiongoers . 
 the guards would be kept alive for another day or two and questioned , just in case there were any other humans stashed away . 
 then they would be killed . 
 i did n't know what would happen to the auction bidders . 
 at this point , i just did n't care . 
 michael worked alongside me , silent and brooding . 
 he loved me . 
 i knew he did . 
 and that made the torment inside me even worse . 
 devyn worked with me , too . 
 michael ignored him , most likely still upset that i 'd enlisted the king 's help instead of his . 
 lord , i felt so raw . 
 i needed lucius . 
 his strength . 
 his comforting arms . 
 when we finished clearing out the warehouse , i pulled devyn aside . 
 `` will you drive me home ? '' 
 his wrapped an arm around my waist and gave me a comforting , brotherly squeeze . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i walked out of the building without a backward glance . 
 i felt michael 's gaze boring into my back . 
 dawn would arrive soon . 
 at last the air was cool , but it smelled of loneliness and despair . 
 or perhaps that was me . 
 i was shutting down . 
 this was all too much . 
 my legs felt tied down , my shoulders too heavy . 
 my neck protested the weight of my head . 
 i had to force one foot in front of the other until i reached devyn 's jag . 
 i plopped inside ungracefully as he settled into the driver 's seat . 
 `` do not worry about the nights you owe me , '' he said . 
 `` i will come back when you are better rested . '' 
 i leaned back and closed my eyes . 
 `` i 'll give you your nights , devyn . 
 you more than earned them . 
 but you know what ? 
 i do n't think you 'll claim them . 
 you 're a man of honor , and you know i love another man . '' 
 silence . 
 silence that lasted a long , long time . 
 `` damn you , '' he finally muttered . 
 i was close to breaking completely , and i did n't want it to be here , with this man . 
 i wanted lucius . 
 devyn drove me to my apartment building . 
 finally . 
 home . 
 when he reached the building , i trudged out of the car , and the door shut with a snap . 
 the air was cooler than it had been all week-more fragrant , less dry . 
 the window eased down with a quiet whoosh . 
 `` eden , '' devyn called . 
 i do n't know what he planned to say , but i spun around and reentered his car . 
 i owed devyn everything , yet he was getting nothing in return . 
 he truly did possess too much honor to hold on to me . 
 without a word , i leaned into him and brushed my lips against his . 
 softly at first , then i increased the pressure . 
 when his mouth parted , i swept my tongue inside . 
 again i tasted his warmth , his masculinity . 
 it did n't last long , only a few seconds before i pulled away . 
 i watched devyn lick his lips , savoring my taste . 
 `` thank you for everything . '' 
 `` i hope we meet again , '' he said , his amber eyes glowing . 
 `` and i hope your human is worthy of you . '' 
 `` he is , '' i said . 
 i knew this one thing for sure . 
 `` he is . '' 
 chapter 30 bandaged and medicated , lucius was sleeping soundly in my bed . 
 i showered , the dry spray washing away the horrors of the night . 
 clean at last , i curled into bed beside him . 
 his warmth seeped into me . 
 a tear rolled down my cheek , followed quickly by another . 
 down , down the golden droplets fell until i was sobbing , shaking , convulsing . 
 i sobbed until my eyes swelled shut , sobbed for the family i had lost , both my parents and michael , sobbed for the things i had done . 
 while i had probably destroyed families , i had also rid the world of evil . 
 people slept peacefully because of the kills i had made . 
 i had to be content with that knowledge . 
 and know that michael had done the same . 
 finally , i drifted off to sleep . 
 when i awoke , the surroundings were unfamiliar to me at first . 
 it seemed like an eternity since i had gazed at this room , and it took me a minute to recall that i was inside my new apartment . 
 the canopied bed , the coffee-colored walls . 
 lucius was still asleep , was still beside me . 
 i lumbered off the mattress and stumbled into the kitchen , where i fixed myself a glass of sugar water . 
 i drank deeply . 
 i was just refilling my glass , with every intention of dumping the contents in lucius 's face to wake him up , when he raced into the kitchen , a wild glaze in his ice-blue eyes . 
 he stilled when he spied me . 
 `` i now own you , '' were the first words out of my mouth . 
 `` you 're bought and paid for . '' 
 `` my god , eden . 
 i nearly killed myself with worry about you . '' 
 `` i know the feeling . '' 
 he stalked toward me , and his hard expression was the most beautiful thing i 'd ever seen . 
 something i could n't read glowed in those electric eyes of his . 
 my heart thumped in my chest as he jerked me into his embrace . 
 `` i thought i 'd lost you , '' he said roughly . 
 rawly . 
 he pushed me to arm 's length . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i - '' his gaze went to my mouth . 
 `` explain later . 
 i 've missed you too much . '' 
 then he was kissing me . 
 we did n't make it to the bed . 
 we just pulled off each other 's clothes and went at it on the self-warming kitchen tile . 
 i could n't touch him enough . 
 my hands were all over him , and his were all over me . 
 we strained and moved together , and when he entered me , i screamed with the force of my climax . 
 his soon followed mine . 
 and this time , we let the walls reverberate with the sounds of our pleasure . 
 in the aftermath , we lay together , panting . 
 i explained what had happened to me after the sale . 
 i even told him about michael killing my parents . 
 his arms tightened around me . 
 `` i did n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby . '' 
 `` that 's cookie to you . '' 
 i brushed aside the pain inside me and smiled playfully . 
 `` and i 'll get over it . 
 i need time , that 's all . 
 michael 's a good man , and he loves me . '' 
 `` he loves you a hell of a lot . 
 maybe not as much i do , but he loves you all the same . '' 
 i jolted up and spun to face him . 
 he 'd offered the words so casually , i was afraid i 'd misunderstood . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 his gaze bored deeply into mine . 
 he did n't pretend to misunderstand . 
 `` i love you . 
 i have for a while . '' 
 a weight lifted off my shoulders , and i suddenly felt lighter than air . 
 i felt my mouth curl into a wide grin . 
 `` well , i love you , too . '' 
 `` maybe now you can stop trying to prove yourself all the time . '' 
 he cupped my face in his hands . 
 `` i know how great you are . 
 there 's no one better . '' 
 his words touched me , freed me somehow . 
 i had his love . 
 i 'd closed this case and killed my target . 
 ihad proved myself . 
 iwas a success . 
 `` you 're pretty amazing yourself , you know that ? '' 
 with a gentle tug , he urged me on top of him . 
 `` what did the targon mean , that you 'd made a bargain with him to free me ? '' 
 `` i kissed him , '' i said . 
 `` twice . 
 and i 'm not sorry . 
 i would have given him everything to save you . '' 
 `` hell , i would kiss him too if it meant saving your life . 
 just make sure it does n't happen again . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 i loved hearing those words.you 're mine . 
 `` i 'd believe you , '' i said , biting my lower lip and forcing an expression of desolation . 
 `` except ... '' `` what ? '' 
 he asked , frowning . 
 `` except what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know your real name . '' 
 i stroked his abdomen ... then his cock . 
 `` tell me , and i 'll let you come . '' 
 i squeezed him . 
 tight . 
 `` phineas gaylord hargrove , '' he said on a moan . 
 `` now what the hell does thef stand for ? '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 my hold on him loosened . 
 `` did you say phineas ? 
 phineas gaylord ? 
 you 're kidding me , right ? 
 trying to get me to tell you my deepest secret ? '' 
 `` it 's the truth , '' he growled . 
 `` that 's my name , so put your hand back where it was . '' 
 i laughed until my side hurt . 
 now i knew why he 'd guarded his name so zealously . 
 he sat up and tapped his fingers against the tile . 
 `` i believe you have something to tell me , and i 'm tired of waiting . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll tell you . 
 i bedeviled michael so relentlessly , he added a middle name when he adopted me , making my name eden fucking black . '' 
 lucius gave a husky bark of laughter . 
 `` you 're shitting me . '' 
 `` i wish i were , phineas . '' 
 he tried to level me with a glare , but his eyes were sparkling too much . 
 we both burst into another round of laughter . 
 but once the amusement subsided , we sank into a heavy silence . 
 there was still something nagging and dragging between us , but i was loath to bring it up . 
 `` where 's agent luc ? '' 
 i finally asked , staying on safe ground by avoiding what we really needed to discuss . 
 `` safe . 
 we can go get her , later . 
 first , i have a confession to make . '' 
 lucius did what i 'd been unable to do ; he brought our troubles out into the open . 
 `` michael paid me to guard you . 
 he - '' `` i know , '' i said , relieved that he 'd finally told me . 
 `` do n't be mad , '' he rushed on . 
 `` i realized early in the case that you could take care of yourself . '' 
 `` i 'm not mad . '' 
 i intertwined our fingers and squeezed . 
 `` i 'm grateful . '' 
 he stared at me for a long while . 
 `` okay . 
 where 's the eden black i know and love ? 
 i expected another knife at my throat . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` maybe i should be mad atyou . 
 i wanted a piece of eenli myself . '' 
 `` maybe i 'll give you the next one . 
 no , wait . '' 
 i nestled my head into the hollow of his neck . 
 my hair spread over his chest like a golden curtain . 
 `` i left the agency . 
 as of now , i 'm unemployed . '' 
 his fingers caressed the length of my spine , making me shiver . 
 `` maybe we should start our own company . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` definitely . 
 tell me again about the targon . 
 i did n't like the way he looked at you during your auction , and i still do n't like that he actually had his lips on you . 
 i 'm thinking he 'll be our first target . '' 
 i laughed . 
 i just could n't help myself . 
 i might be jobless , but right now , in lucius 's arms , life had never seemed more ripe with promise . 
