 chapter one every day for hundreds of years the goddess had visited hell and every day geryon had watched her from his station , desire heating his blood more than the flames of damnation beyond his post ever had . 
 he should not have studied her that first time and should have kept his gaze downcast all the times since . 
 he was a slave to the demons , spawned by evil ; she was a goddess , created in light . 
 he could not have her , he thought , hands fisting . 
 no matter how much he might wish otherwise . 
 this ... obsession was pointless and brought him nothing but despair . 
 he did not need more despair . 
 and yet , still he watched her this day as she floated through the barren cavern , coral-tipped fingers tracing the jagged stones that separated underground from underworld . 
 golden ringlets flowed down her elegant back and framed a face so perfect , so lovely , aphrodite herself could not compare . 
 eyes of starlight narrowed , a rosy color blooming in those cheeks of smooth alabaster . 
 `` the wall is cracked , '' she said , her voice like a song amid the hiss of nearby flame . 
 he shook his head , positive he had merely imagined the words . 
 in all their centuries together , they had never spoken , never deviated from their routine . 
 as the guardian of hell , he ensured the gate remained closed until a spirit needed to be cast inside . 
 that way , no one and nothing escaped - and if they tried , he rendered punishment . 
 as the goddess of oppression , she fortified the physical barrier with only a touch . 
 silence was never breeched . 
 uncertainty darkened her features . 
 `` have you nothing to say ? '' 
 she stood in front of him a moment later , though he never saw her move . 
 the scent of honeysuckle suddenly overshadowed the stink of sulfur and melting flesh , and he inhaled deeply , closing his eyes in ecstasy . 
 oh , that she would remain just as she was ... `` guardian , '' she prompted . 
 `` goddess . '' 
 he forced his lids to open gradually , slowly revealing the glow of her beauty . 
 up close , she was not as perfect as he had thought . 
 she was better . 
 a smattering of freckles dotted her sweetly sloped nose , and dimples appeared with the curve of her half-smile . 
 exquisite . 
 what did she think of him ? 
 he wondered . 
 she probably thought him a monster , hideous and misshapen . 
 but if she did , she did not show it . 
 only curiosity rested in those starlight eyes . 
 for the wall , he suspected , not for him . 
 even when he 'd been human , women had wanted nothing to do with him . 
 sometimes he 'd wondered if he 'd been tainted at birth . 
 `` those cracks were not there yesterday , '' she said . 
 `` what has caused such damage ? '' 
 `` a horde of demon lords rise from the pit daily and fight to break out . 
 they have grown tired of their confinement here and seek living humans to torment . '' 
 `` have you their names ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` violence , death , lies , doubt , misery . 
 shall i go on ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said softly . 
 `` i understand . 
 the worst of the worst . '' 
 `` yes . 
 they bang and they claw from the other side , desperate to reach the mortal realm . '' 
 `` well , stop them . '' 
 a command , laced with husky entreaty . 
 in that moment , he would have given up the last vestiges of his humanity to do as she wished . 
 anything to repay the daily gift of her presence . 
 anything to keep her just where she was , prolonging the sweetness of her scent . 
 `` i am forbidden to leave my post , just as i am forbidden to open the gates for any reason but allowing one of the damned inside . 
 i 'm afraid i can not grant your request . '' 
 a sigh slipped from her . 
 `` do you always do as you 're told ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 once he had fought the invisible ties that bound him . 
 once , but no longer . 
 to fight was to invite pain and suffering - not for him , but for others . 
 innocent humans who resembled his mother , his father and his brothers were brought here and tortured in front of him . 
 the screams ... oh , the screams . 
 had the pain and suffering been heaped upon him , he would not have cared . 
 would have laughed and fought all the harder . 
 but lucifer , brother to hades and prince of the demons , knew exactly how to strike to ensure the desired results . 
 `` i expected differently . 
 you are a warrior , so strong and assured . '' 
 yes , he was a warrior . 
 he was also a slave . 
 `` i am sorry . '' 
 `` i will pay you to help me , '' the goddess insisted . 
 `` name your price . 
 whatever you desire shall be yours . '' 
 chapter two whatever you desire shall be yours , she had said . 
 if only , geryon thought . 
 he would ask for a single taste of her lips . 
 but he would not risk the suffering of the innocent - why do you bother with them ? 
 - simply to sate his craving for the lovely goddess . 
 the question that had drifted through his mind had him gritting his teeth . 
 he bothered because without good , there would only be evil . 
 and he had seen too much evil . 
 `` i am sorry , goddess . 
 as i said , i can not help you . '' 
 her delicate shoulders sagged in disappointment . 
 `` but ... why ? 
 you want to keep the demons inside of hell just as much as i do . '' 
 geryon did n't want to tell her his reasons for refusing her , was still ashamed after all these centuries . 
 tell her , however , he would . 
 perhaps then she would return to the old ways and pretend he did not exist . 
 as it was , his craving for her was growing , intensifying , his body hardening . 
 readying . 
 she 's not for you . 
 `` i sold my soul , '' he said . 
 he had been one of the first humans to walk the earth . 
 he 'd been content with his lot and enraptured by his mate , even though she 'd been chosen by his family and had not desired him in return . 
 she had grown sick , and he had despaired . 
 he had cried out to the gods for assistance , but they had ignored him . 
 then lucifer had appeared before him . 
 to save her and finally win her heart , geryon had willingly given himself to the dark prince - and found himself transformed from man to beast . 
 horns had sprouted atop his head , and his hands had become claws . 
 dark , carmine fur covered the skin on his legs , while hooves replaced his feet . 
 in seconds , he 'd transformed , more animal than human . 
 his wife had healed , as his contract with lucifer stated , but she had not softened toward him . 
 no , she had left him for another man . 
 his hands fisted , claws digging deep into his palms , as he refocused on the goddess . 
 `` though i wish otherwise , my actions are no longer mine to command . '' 
 the goddess studied him , her head tilting to the side . 
 he shifted uncomfortably , such scrutiny unnerving given his sickening appearance . 
 to his surprise , revulsion did not darken her lovely gaze as she said , `` i will see what i can do . '' 
 inner corridors of hell `` lucifer , hear me well . 
 i demand to speak with you . 
 you will appear before me . 
 this day , in this room . 
 alone . 
 i will remain exactly as i am . '' 
 kadence , goddess of oppression , knew to state her wants precisely or the demon prince would `` interpret '' them however he wished . 
 were she simply to demand an audience , he might whisk her to his bed , her arms and legs tied , her clothing gone , a legion surrounding her . 
 several minutes ticked by and there was no response to her summons . 
 but then , she 'd known there would n't be . 
 he enjoyed making her wait . 
 made him feel powerful . 
 she used the time to eye her surroundings . 
 rather than stone and mortar , the walls of lucifer 's palace were comprised of flames . 
 crackling , orange-gold . 
 deadly . 
 she hated everything about this place . 
 plumes of black smoke wafted from the blazes , curling around her like fingers of the damned . 
 so badly she wanted to wave her hand in front of her nose , but she did not . 
 she would n't show weakness - even with so small an action . 
 did she dare , she knew she would find herself drowning in the noxious fumes . 
 lucifer loved nothing more than exploiting vulnerabilities . 
 kadence had learned that lesson well . 
 the first time she had visited , she 'd come to inform both hades and lucifer that she had been appointed their warden . 
 as one who embodied the essence of subjugation and conquest , there was no one better to ensure that demons and dead alike remained here . 
 or so the gods had thought , which was why they 'd chosen her for this task . 
 she had not agreed , but refusing them would have invited punishment . 
 many times since accepting , however , she 'd thought perhaps punishment would have been better . 
 she spent her days sleeping in a nearby cave - not a true sleep but a watchful one , her mind 's eye drifting over the different demon camps . 
 she spent her nights surveying the wall . 
 every so often , she had to come to the palace and report an infraction . 
 how could i not have known what was happening this time ? 
 had lucifer blocked her visions ? 
 if so , what did he hope to gain ? 
 she 'd never felt more helpless . 
 no , that was n't true . 
 during her first visit , lucifer had sensed her trepidation - and he 'd since ceased every opportunity to nurture it . 
 a fire-coated touch here , a wicked taunt there . 
 she had wilted under his attentions . 
 that had disappointed the gods . 
 they would have called her home , she was sure , had they not already bound her to the wall , an act that had been meant to help with her duties , not hinder them . 
 but not even the gods had known just how deeply the bond would go . 
 rather than simply sensing when the wall needed fortification , she 'd realized it was her reason for living . 
 her blood now sang with its essence . 
 the first time one of the demons had scratched it , she 'd felt the sting and had gasped , shocked . 
 now , it no longer shocked her , though she still felt every contact . 
 when a soul brushed it , her skin felt tickled . 
 when the inferno licked at it , she felt burned . 
 you can do this . 
 the outcome of this meeting was more important than any that had come before it . 
 you can . 
 would the guardian care how much she risked for him ? 
 from outside the palace she could hear the crazed laughter of the demons , the moans of the tortured and the sizzle of flesh pouring from bone . 
 and the smell ... it was a hell all its own . 
 it was difficult , remaining stoic amidst such vileness . 
 especially now . 
 the past few weeks , her body had been draining of strength , little by little , pains shooting through her . 
 now , at least , she knew why . 
 bound as she was to this dark underworld , that crack in the outer wall was literally killing her . 
 the pound of footsteps suddenly echoed and the flames several feet in front of her parted . 
 finally . 
 in strolled lucifer , as carefree as a summer day . 
 `` i 've been waiting for your return , '' he said in the silkiest of voices . 
 he even grinned , the expression pure wickedness . 
 `` what can i do for you , my darling ? '' 
 chapter three kadence did n't allow herself to shudder . 
 lucifer was tall , muscled like a warrior and sensually handsome despite the dark inferno raging in his eyes . 
 but he did not compare to the beast who guarded his domain . 
 the beast whose face was too rough to be considered anything other than savage . 
 the beast whose half-man , half-monster body should have disgusted her but did n't . 
 instead , his haunted brown eyes captivated her ; his protective nature intrigued her . 
 she might never have become interested in the guardian , might have assumed he was like every other hated creature here , but then he saved her life . 
 sadly , even immortal goddesses could be slain - a prospect that had never been clearer as the outer gates had parted to welcome a spirit and a minion slipped free . 
 it should have been afraid of her , should have bowed to her , but had probably sensed her fear and reacted , racing straight for her , hungry for her living flesh . 
 she 'd frozen , but still it had not reached her . 
 the guardian - what was his name ? 
 - had intervened , destroying the fiend with one swipe of his poisoned claw . 
 he had n't spoken to her afterward , and she had n't spoken to him , her belief that he was like all the other creatures in this underworld shaken but not yet completely broken . 
 she had begun to study him , though . 
 over time , she 'd become fascinated by his complexities . 
 he was a destroyer , yet he 'd saved her . 
 he had nothing , yet he had n't asked for anything in exchange . 
 did he favor her in return ? 
 sometimes when he looked at her she would swear she saw white-hot flames that had nothing to do with the damned . 
 lucifer regarded her silently as he settled atop his throne of swirling , ghostly souls . 
 a bejeweled goblet materialized , already clutched in his hand , and he sipped from it . 
 a drop of crimson slid down the corner of his mouth and trickled onto his stark white shirt . 
 revulsion besieged her , but she kept her expression neutral . 
 `` you are disgusted by me but do not show it , '' he said with another of those wicked smiles . 
 `` where is the mouse who usually visits ? 
 the one who trembles and stumbles over her words ? 
 i like her . '' 
 kadence raised her chin . 
 he could call her all the names he wished , but she would n't comment . 
 `` your walls have been compromised , and a horde of demons fight to escape . '' 
 the prince quickly lost his smile . 
 `` you lie . 
 they would not dare . '' 
 his agitation was understandable . 
 without his legions , he would have no one to rule . 
 `` you 're right . 
 your band of thieves , ra ** sts and murderers would not dare disobey their sovereign . '' 
 his eyes narrowed in a show of anger . 
 then he gave a casual shrug to counteract the telltale sign . 
 `` so they 're compromised . 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 always he made things difficult . 
 `` the guardian . 
 he can help me stop the ones responsible . '' 
 lucifer snorted . 
 `` no . 
 i like him where he is . 
 my last guard fell victim to a demon 's lies and almost allowed a legion to escape . 
 geryon is impervious to their wiles . '' 
 she barely stopped herself from running her tongue over her teeth . 
 was this a game he played ? 
 he needed the wall repaired as much as she did ; his refusal grated . 
 well , not as much , she mused . 
 unlike her , he would not die if the wall crumbled . 
 `` i am your sovereign , '' she said . 
 `` you will - '' `` you are not my sovereign , '' he growled in another display of anger . 
 a deep breath in and out , and he calmed . 
 `` you are my ... observer . 
 you watch , you advise and you protect , but you do not command . '' 
 because you are too weak , he did not say . 
 but then , he did n't have to . 
 they both knew it was true . 
 very well . 
 she would go about this a different way . 
 `` shall we bargain ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded , as if he 'd merely been waiting for the question . 
 `` we shall . '' 
 gates of hell `` i do not understand , '' geryon said , refusing to leave his post . 
 he even crossed his arms over his chest , an action that reminded him of his human days , when he 'd been more than guard , more than monster . 
 `` lucifer would never have agreed to release me . '' 
 `` i promise you , he agreed . 
 you are free . '' 
 the goddess cast her gaze to her sandaled feet , saying no more . 
 did she hide something ? 
 plan to trick him , for whatever reason ? 
 it had been so long since he 'd dealt with a female , he was n't sure how to judge her actions . 
 she was paler than usual , he noted , the rosy glow in her cheeks gone , her freckles stark . 
 her golden ringlets tumbled down her shoulders and arms , and he could see soot woven throughout the fine strands . 
 his hands ached to reach out , to sift those tresses through his fingers . 
 would she run screaming if he did so ? 
 today she wore a violet robe and matching necklace - a necklace that boasted a teardrop amethyst as large as his fist and as bright as the glistening ice he had not seen in hundreds of years . 
 she had never worn such a thing before ; usually she draped herself in white , an angel among evil , with no adornment . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he persisted . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 her gaze lifted , boring into him with the precision of a spear and cutting just as deep . 
 `` to me , yes . '' 
 she gave a little stomp of her foot . 
 `` to save the wall , i need your help . 
 let that be enough for now . '' 
 her fingers beckoned him . 
 `` come . 
 i can show you the damage that has been done . '' 
 the goddess did not await his reply . 
 she turned away from him and walked to the far corner of the wall . 
 no , not walked . 
 she glided , a dream of falling stars amid shimmering twilight . 
 geryon hesitated only a moment before following her , breathing deeply of her honeysuckle scent along the way . 
 chapter four to geryon 's surprise , no one jumped from the shadows as he walked ; no one waited to punish him for daring to leave his post . 
 was he truly free ? 
 dare he hope ? 
 the goddess did n't face him when he reached her , but traced a fingertip along a thin , jagged groove in the middle stone . 
 a groove that branched into smaller striations , like tiny rivers flowing from a churning ocean . 
 `` it 's small , i know , but already it has grown from what i saw yesterday . 
 if the demons continue their abuse , it will continue to grow until the rock splits completely in two , allowing legions to enter the human realm . '' 
 `` were a single demon released upon the unsuspecting world , '' he muttered , `` death and destruction would reign . '' 
 whether or not a punishment would be delivered to him , he would help her , geryon decided . 
 he could not allow such a thing to happen . 
 innocence should never be taken from the undeserving . 
 it was too precious . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 she gave a startled gasp . 
 `` you 'll help me ? 
 even knowing you are no longer bound to the prince ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 if she spoke true and he was free , he had no place to go . 
 too many centuries had passed , his home gone . 
 his family , dead . 
 besides , he might crave the very freedom the goddess promised but he feared trusting her . 
 she might not intend malice , but lucifer certainly would . 
 with the prince , there was always a catch . 
 free today did not necessarily mean free tomorrow . 
 no , he dare not hope . 
 `` thank you . 
 i did n't expect - i - why did you sell your soul ? '' 
 she asked softly , tracing the crack again . 
 there was a beat of silence . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 he repeated rather than answer . 
 he did not wish to admit the reason for his folly and the subsequent humiliation . 
 her arm dropped to her side , and her expression softened . 
 `` i am kadence , '' she said , as though he had asked for her name rather than instruction . 
 kadence . 
 how he loved the way the syllables rolled through his mind , smooth as velvet - gods , how long since he 'd touched a material so fine ? 
 - and sweet as wine . 
 how long since he 'd tasted such a drink ? 
 `` i am geryon . '' 
 once , he 'd had a different name . 
 upon arriving here , however , lucifer had dubbed him geryon . 
 guardian of the damned , it translated to , which was what he was and all he would ever be . 
 some legends , a demon had once jeered at him , proclaimed him to be a three-headed centaur . 
 some , a vicious dog . 
 nothing compared to what he was , so he did not mind the stories . 
 `` i am yours to command , '' he said , adding , `` kadence . '' 
 tasted even better on his tongue . 
 breath caught in her throat ; he heard the hitch of it . 
 `` you say my name like a prayer . '' 
 there was astonishment in her tone . 
 had he ? 
 `` i am sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 her cheeks flushed prettily . 
 then she clapped her hands and brought the conversation back to what should have been their primary concern . 
 `` first we must patch these cracks . '' 
 he nodded but said , `` i fear the wall is already compromised . 
 patching will merely strengthen it for a time . '' 
 but might not prevent an eventual fall , he did not add . 
 `` yes . 
 knowing demons as i have come to , they will return and inflict more damage . '' 
 once more she turned to him . 
 once more she lifted her gaze to him , kernels of fear swirling where there should only be satisfaction . 
 a crime . 
 `` geryon , '' she began , only to press her lush lips together . 
 what was left of his heart skidded to an abrupt stop . 
 she was just so lovely , her gentleness and goodness setting her apart from everything he represented . 
 he wanted to duck his head , hide his ugliness from her . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i should not ask this of you , but i know not what else to do . '' 
 `` ask me anything you desire . '' 
 he would see it was done , no matter the consequences . 
 `` it will be my pleasure to aid you . '' 
 `` i pray you remember those words . 
 for after we 've repaired the wall , we must enter hell - and hunt the demons who would destroy it . '' 
 chapter five for hours geryon worked at repairing the wall , pleading with kadence all the while to remain behind . 
 demons were dangerous , he said . 
 demons liked their prey alive and fresh , he said . 
 what he did not say was that she was fragile , breakable . 
 no , he did not need to say it ; she read the thoughts in the ever-growing warmth of his eyes . 
 through it all , she refused to allow him to go alone . 
 she had not bartered something that would surely earn her the wrath of the gods , only to send him on a mission he could not hope to win without her . 
 while the demons were not hers to command , she could force them to bow to her . 
 she hoped . 
 besides , she might appear fragile and breakable , but she possessed a core of iron . 
 something she 'd finally proven to lucifer earlier . 
 as a child , she had been an indomitable force . 
 a whirlwind that trampled anything and everything in her path . 
 it had not been intentional . 
 she 'd simply followed the quiet urgings inside her head . 
 dominate . 
 master . 
 when she 'd realized she had chipped away at her own mother 's strength of mind , turning the once vibrant goddess into a lifeless shell , she had retreated inside herself , afraid of who and what she was . 
 afraid of what she could do , unintentional though it was . 
 sadly , with those fears came others , as if she 'd opened a doorway in her mind and placed a welcome mat out front . 
 fear of people , places , emotions . 
 for centuries she had acted like the mouse lucifer had called her . 
 underneath the fears , however , she was still the goddess she 'd been born to be : oppression . 
 she conquered . 
 she did not cower . 
 please , do not let me cower . 
 not any longer . 
 only a few moments ago , geryon had reluctantly pried apart the boulders blocking the cavern from a yawning pit - only a small slit - flames and scaled arms instantly reaching out . 
 he had entered first , commanding both to recede . 
 to her surprise , they had obeyed the instant she came through . 
 part of her wanted to believe they had done so because they 'd been afraid of her . 
 the other part of her knew they 'd feared geryon . 
 `` ready , goddess ? '' 
 he anchored himself on a ledge of the wall . 
 he was to the left of the gate , she on the right . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he insisted , reaching toward her . 
 to protect her ? 
 aid her ? 
 they were hanging onto a massive rock , after all , a fiery pit waiting to catch them should they fall . 
 `` yes . '' 
 finally , i will know his touch . 
 surely it will not be as divine as my body expects . 
 nothing could be . 
 but just before contact , he lowered his arm and inched further away from her . 
 she sighed in disappointment and tightened her grip on the wall , balancing her feet on the thin ledge as best she could . 
 `` this way . '' 
 he motioned toward the crack with a tilt of his chin . 
 `` all right . 
 and geryon ? 
 thank you . 
 for everything . '' 
 usually she whisked herself to lucifer 's palace without ever opening the gate , too afraid to fall into this smoldering pit and explore the wasteland waiting below . 
 not today . 
 she could n't . 
 `` you are welcome . '' 
 he pushed the stones back together . 
 she waved her hand over them , leaving traces of her power there . 
 because there was no longer a guardian stationed out front , the extra fortification was needed - despite the fact that providing it weakened her . 
 as fragments of her power adhered to the stones , she was careful to maintain distance from them . 
 supposedly geryon was the only one who could touch the gate without consequence . 
 well , besides hades and lucifer . 
 anyone else , the stones heaped untold pain and horror upon . 
 she had never dared test the supposition . 
 a thought occurred to her , and she tilted her head , studying her companion . 
 without geryon at the gate , who would open the stones to allow damned souls inside ? 
 perhaps lucifer had already appointed another guardian . 
 perhaps ? 
 she chuckled without humor . 
 he had . 
 he could n't leave the gates unguarded . 
 the knowledge that geryon would not be the man she saw every day ... saddened her . 
 for when the wall was safe , geryon could leave but she would be stuck here . 
 do not think about that now . 
 she glanced around . 
 the air was smokier here , she noticed , hotter . 
 so hot , in fact , sweat instantly beaded on her skin , trickling down her temples , between her br ** sts . 
 and as geryon climbed over her to position himself in front of her , widening the distance between them , no longer did she smell the decadent scent of powerful male ; she smelled only the pungent odor of decay . 
 screams and curses assaulted her ears . 
 something fiery brushed the back of her neck , and she yelped . 
 geryon jumped into immediate action , growling and swiping out his claw . 
 but the flame receded , and she would swear she heard it laugh . 
 no , they were not intimidated by her . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 geryon asked her . 
 `` yes , '' she said , but gods , what had she gotten herself into ? 
 chapter six `` perhaps the wall is not as damaged as i feared , '' kadence told geryon . 
 maintaining a firm grip , she used the jagged stones to edge along , ever conscious of the seemingly endless void awaiting her should she lose her balance . 
 `` a goddess can hope , at least . '' 
 `` yes , a goddess can hope . '' 
 geryon kept a steady pace in front of her , remaining as close as possible every inch of the way without actually touching her . 
 she yearned to slide against him , drink in his strength , belong to him if only for a moment , but she did not , too afraid of startling him . 
 and not even when a rock tumbled from the small ledge on which she had placed her foot did she relent . 
 sadly , neither did he . 
 `` do not show the flames fear , '' he said . 
 `` they feed on it , will try to increase it . '' 
 `` they are alive ? '' 
 `` some of them . '' 
 dear gods . 
 how had she not known ? 
 `` i did not imagine such a climb would be necessary . 
 i assumed we would flash wherever we needed to go . 
 silly of me . '' 
 `` flash ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the ability to move from one location to another with only a thought . '' 
 `` would be difficult to flash along this wall . 
 you might end up in a spot without a ledge . 
 when we finish here , can you flash us to the bottom of the pit ? 
 once there , we can search for the demons on foot . '' 
 `` no , '' she said on a sigh . 
 `` i wish , but no . 
 i 've never taken this route . 
 i would not know where to stop , and might very well cause us to materialize underground . '' 
 he did not show any disappointment . 
 `` still , it is a handy power to possess . 
 i envy you . '' 
 poor man . 
 he 'd been stuck at the gates of hell for more years than she could count . 
 `` if you could flash to anywhere in the world , where would you go ? '' 
 once they 'd destroyed the demons trying to escape , perhaps she would take him there . 
 he grunted . 
 `` i do not wish to lie to you , goddess , therefore i will not answer your question . '' 
 curiosity bombarded her . 
 why would he not answer such a question ? 
 unless ... did his answer embarrass him ? 
 if so , why ? 
 she desperately wanted to know , but let the matter drop . 
 for now . 
 when they reached the far side of the wall , he somehow angled himself behind her . 
 still he did n't touch her , yet she felt the heat of him pressing into her back , holding her steady . 
 it was not a heat she minded , even amidst the smoldering furnace that was hell . 
 his was ... heady . 
 `` i 'm sorry to say it 's worse than i thought it would be . '' 
 his breath trekked over her . 
 `` wh - what ? '' 
 she asked , horrified . 
 being near her was worse than he 'd thought ? 
 `` the wall . 
 what else ? '' 
 thank the gods , she thought , expelling a breath . 
 foolish woman . 
 her life depended on this wall . 
 she should not care whether a man found her attractive . 
 or not . 
 she forced her gaze straight ahead , her mind centered on her job , not the intriguing man behind her . 
 at least somewhat . 
 thick claw marks abounded . 
 and what had appeared to be thin grooves on the other side were massive craters here . 
 hope abandoned her . 
 `` they are more determined than i realized , '' she said , voice trembling slightly . 
 geryon adjusted his grip , his arm just over her shoulder . 
 a tremor raked her . 
 if she stood on her tiptoes , she would feel his skin against her chimation . 
 though it had been hundreds of years since she 'd had a man , she remembered the comfort such simple contact could offer . 
 `` do not worry . 
 i will not allow them to hurt you . '' 
 `` and i will not allow them to hurt you , '' she vowed . 
 chuckling , he latched onto her waist . 
 she gasped . 
 finally . 
 it was amazing and wonderful ... wild and intense . 
 but there was no comfort in it , as she 'd expected . 
 no , instead she experienced white-hot , searing arousal . 
 `` geryon ? '' 
 `` time to fall , goddess , '' he said , and then he released the rocks , taking her over the edge with him . 
 chapter seven they seemed to fall forever . 
 geryon retained an iron-edged grip on the trembling kadence , her hair whipping around them like angry silk ribbons . 
 she did n't scream , something he 'd expected , but she did wind her legs around him , something he had not . 
 it was his first taste of heaven . 
 `` i 've got you , '' he said . 
 her body fit perfectly against his , soft where he was hard , smooth where he was callused . 
 `` when does it end ? '' 
 she whispered , but still he caught the undercurrents of panic in her voice . 
 they were not twirling , were merely dropping , but he knew the sensation could be harrowing . 
 especially , he reflected , for one used to flashing ly from one place to another . 
 `` soon . '' 
 he 'd fallen like this only once before , when lucifer took him to the palace to explain his new duties . 
 but he had never forgotten . 
 like before , flames kindled all around them , pinpricks of gold in the shuddering darkness . 
 except before , those flames had flicked like snake tongues , licking at him . 
 that they did n't now ... did they fear him ? 
 or the goddess ? 
 she was more everything than geryon had realized . 
 more courageous . 
 more determined . 
 every minute he spent with her , his desire for her intensified . 
 she was the break of dawn in the bleakness that was his life . 
 she was refreshing ice in smoldering heat . 
 she is not for you . 
 ugly as he was , she would run fast and far if she knew the many fantasies his mind had begun to weave of them . 
 him , laying her on the ground , stripping her , dancing his tongue over every delicious inch of her . 
 her , moaning in pleasure as he tasted her core . 
 crying out in abandon as he filled her with his shaft . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked , her still-rising panic evident . 
 `` nothing 's wrong , '' he lied . 
 `` just a little farther and we 'll hit . 
 landing will jar you , but i 'll absorb most of the impact . '' 
 he moved one of his hands up and onto the base of her neck . 
 offering comfort , he told himself . 
 he 'd tried not to touch her , had fought it , but there 'd been no other way to protect her inside the pit . 
 what was the harm in adjusting a single hand ? 
 `` but you stiffened . '' 
 more so than she probably realized , he thought dryly . 
 i must stop craving her . 
 her skin was soft , so soft , and he felt little bumps rise under his palm as he gently massaged . 
 to his delight , her muscles relaxed under his ministrations . 
 `` tell me what 's wrong , '' she said . 
 `` you 're hiding something , i can tell . 
 i know this pit is made for souls , not breathing , flesh and blood bodies . 
 are we going to - '' `` no . 
 i swear it . 
 we will live . '' 
 the conversation seemed to calm her , so he said , `` tell me about you . 
 about your childhood . '' 
 `` i - all right . 
 but there 's not much to tell . 
 i was not allowed out of my home as a child . 
 for the greater good , '' she added , as though the line had been fed to her many times before . 
 he hugged her tight , understanding . 
 because of her nature , she 'd been as much an outcast as he was . 
 `` goddess , i - '' the air was thickening around them , the flames spraying what looked to be molten teardrops . 
 he recognized the signs ; the end was near . 
 `` drop your legs from me , but do not let them touch the ground . '' 
 `` all rig - '' `` now ! '' 
 boom . 
 they smacked into the ground and geryon planted his feet as the impact vibrated through him . 
 he tried to remain upright to keep the goddess from the ground , but his knees soon gave out and he collapsed backward . 
 kadence remained in his arms , though she had unwound her legs as he 'd asked , so his back took the brunt of the fall , breath knocking from his lungs . 
 he lay there for a moment , panting . 
 they were well and truly inside hell . 
 there was no going back now . 
 chapter eight `` geryon ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 the muted darkness of the pit had given way to bright light , fire illuminating every direction . 
 kadence hovered over him , like the sun he sometimes glimpsed in his dreams , bright and glorious . 
 `` i am ... fine . '' 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 you 're wheezing . 
 what can i do to help ? '' 
 he was surprised to note she did not scramble off him , now that they were safe . 
 well , as safe as a person could be inside hell . 
 `` tell me more about yourself . 
 while i catch my breath . '' 
 `` yes , yes , of course . '' 
 as she spoke , her delicate hands wisped over his brow , his jaw , his shoulders . 
 searching for injuries ? 
 offering comfort ? 
 `` what should i tell you ? '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 he was growing stronger by the second , but he did not admit it . 
 rather , he luxuriated in the sensation of her touch . 
 `` everything . 
 i want to know all about you . '' 
 truth . 
 `` all right . 
 i. . . 
 goodness , this is hard . 
 i guess i 'll start at the beginning . 
 my mother is the goddess of happiness . 
 odd , i know , that such a woman could give birth to one such as me . '' 
 `` why odd ? '' 
 when looking at kadence , hearing her voice , breathing in her scent , gave him more joy than he 'd ever known ? 
 `` because of what i am , '' she said , clearly ashamed . 
 `` because of the damage i can cause . '' 
 `` i have known nothing but - '' pleasure , hunger , desperation '' - kindness at your hands . '' 
 her ministrations ceased , and he could feel her gaze boring into him . 
 `` truly ? '' 
 `` yes , truly . '' 
 do not stop touching me . 
 centuries had passed since he 'd last enjoyed even the slightest hint of contact . 
 this was nirvana , paradise and a dream all wrapped into one delightful package . 
 `` my head , '' he found himself saying on a moan . 
 `` poor baby , '' she cooed , massaging his temples . 
 he nearly smiled . 
 now was not the time for this . 
 they were inside hell , out in the open , possible targets . 
 but he could not help himself , was too desperate , greedy . 
 just a little longer . 
 `` your story , '' he prompted . 
 `` where was i ? 
 oh , yes . '' 
 her honeysuckle scent enveloped him , chasing away the odor of rot . 
 `` i was a mean little girl . 
 i did n't share my toys , and i frequently made the other children cry , unintentionally compelling them to bend to my will . 
 all right , perhaps a few of those times it was not so unintentional . 
 i think that 's one of the reasons i was sent to hell as warden , though it was never said aloud . 
 the gods wanted to be rid of me . '' 
 how forlorn she sounded . 
 `` every living creature has made a mistake at one point or another . 
 besides , you were a child . 
 not yet sensitized to the feelings of others . 
 do not blame yourself . '' 
 `` what of you ? '' 
 she asked , and this time she sounded more buoyant . 
 he 'd relegated his human memories to a far corner in his mind , never to be considered again . 
 before , thinking of those days had stung , for he 'd known they were forever lost - but he reminded himself that with his wife 's desertion , that was a good thing . 
 today , however , with the essence of kadence all around him , he experienced only a thrum of sadness for what might have been . 
 `` i was a wild child , untamable , a roamer , '' he said . 
 `` my mother despaired , thinking i would worry her and every member of our family to death . '' 
 he laughed , her sweetly aged face flashing in his mind . 
 `` then they introduced me to evangeline . 
 she calmed me , because i wanted to be worthy of her . 
 we married , as both our families desired . '' 
 kadence stiffened . 
 `` you are ... wed ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she left me . '' 
 `` i am sorry , '' she said , but there was relief in her tone . 
 `` do n't be . '' 
 had he not given his soul for evangeline , she would have died . 
 and had she not left geryon , he might have fought lucifer when the time came to become guardian . 
 and had he fought , he might not have met kadence . 
 suddenly a frenzied snarl echoed through the distance . 
 giving up all pretense of being winded , geryon popped to a stand , lifting the goddess with him and searching the distance . 
 a demon was racing straight for them . 
 chapter nine geryon shoved kadence behind him . 
 another touch - warmth , satin skin , perfection - and he yearned to revel in it . 
 he did n't , could n't . 
 he 'd agreed to come with her to save the human realm , yes , but also to keep her safe . 
 not because she was a goddess and not because she was the most beautiful thing he 'd ever beheld , but because , in this single day , she had made him feel like a man . 
 not a beast . 
 `` remember that i swore to let no harm befall you , '' he told her . 
 a minute , perhaps two , and the creature would reach them . 
 fast as it was , there was still a great distance to cover , the streets of hell stretching endlessly . 
 `` i will keep my word . '' 
 `` geryon . 
 perhaps i can - '' `` no . '' 
 he did n't want her involved in this fight . 
 already she was trembling in fear . 
 she was so scared , in fact , she had yet to realize her hands were resting on his back , twin conductors of inexorable pleasure . 
 had she known , surely she would have jerked away . 
 `` i will fight it . '' 
 should she try , it would feed off her fear , becoming more crazed . 
 as did most minions , the creature coming at them possessed a skeletal face and a muscled body covered in green scales , its forked tongue flicking out as if blood already coated the air . 
 glowing red eyes glared at them , a thousand sins resting where pupils should have . 
 warrior instincts demanded geryon stride forward and meet the bastard in the middle . 
 fight there , like true soldiers . 
 yet his every male instinct demanded he stay where he was . 
 to put any distance between himself and kadence was to place her in further danger . 
 another demon could be hiding nearby , waiting for the chance to pounce on her . 
 `` this is my fault , '' she said . 
 `` no matter that i had begun to relax , my fear of this place is bone-deep . 
 and that fear is like a beacon to them , is n't it ? '' 
 he chose not to answer that , too afraid of scaring her further by acknowledging the truth of her words . 
 `` when he reaches us , i want you to run backward . 
 press against the wall and scream for me if you see any hint of another demon . '' 
 `` no , i want to help you . 
 i - '' `` will do as i said . 
 otherwise , i will defeat him and leave this place . '' 
 his tone was uncompromising . 
 already he regretted bringing her here , whether the wall needed defending or not . 
 she stiffened against him , but did n't offer another protest . 
 a cry of , `` mine , mine , mine , '' rent the air . 
 the creature closed in , faster ... almost ... there . 
 claws raked at geryon as he grabbed his opponent by the neck . 
 multiple stings erupted on his face , followed by the trickle of warm blood . 
 flailing arms , kicking legs . 
 only when the temptation of kadence 's hands fell away did geryon truly begin to battle . 
 he tossed the creature to the ground and leapt upon it , knees pinning its shoulders . 
 one punch , two , three . 
 it bucked , wild and feral . 
 saliva gleamed on its fangs as curses sprang from its bony mouth . 
 another punch . 
 still another . 
 but the pounding failed to subdue it in any way . 
 `` where is violence ? 
 death ? 
 doubt ? '' 
 he gritted out . 
 the struggling continued , intensified , terror leaping to life in those red eyes . 
 not fear for what geryon would do , he knew , but terror for what its brothers-in-evil would do if they learned of any betrayal . 
 though geryon hated for kadence to see him kill - again - it could not be helped . 
 that 's what they had come here for , after all . 
 he raised his hand , spread his elongating , dripping nails and struck . 
 the poison that coated his nails was a `` gift '' from lucifer to aid in his duties and acted swiftly , without mercy , spreading through the creature 's body and rotting it from the inside out . 
 it screamed and screeched in agony , its struggling soon becoming writhing . 
 then the scales began to burn away , smoking , sizzling , leaving only more of that ugly bone . 
 but the bones , too , disintegrated . 
 ash coated the air , blowing in every direction . 
 geryon stood to shaky legs . 
 he kept his back to kadence for several minutes , waiting , hoping - dreading - that she would say something . 
 what did she think of him now ? 
 would there be any more of her tending ? 
 finally curiosity got the better of him and he pivoted on his heels . 
 she stood exactly as he 'd commanded , her back pressed against the rocky wall . 
 those glorious ringlets cascaded around her . 
 her eyes were wide and filled with ... admiration ? 
 surely not . 
 `` come to me , '' she said . 
 chapter ten kadence had been unable to hold back her entreaty . 
 geryon stood several feet away , panting shallowly , his cheeks cut and bleeding , his hands dripping with his opponent 's lifeblood . 
 his dark eyes were more haunted than she 'd ever seen them . 
 `` come to me , '' she said again . 
 she motioned him over with a wave of her fingers . 
 the first time , he 'd given no reaction . 
 as though he had n't believed he 'd heard her correctly . 
 this time , he blinked . 
 shook his head . 
 `` you wish to ... punish me for my actions ? '' 
 silly man . 
 punish him ? 
 when he 'd saved her ? 
 yes , part of her was angry that he 'd kept her from the fight , that he 'd threatened - vowed - to leave without doing what they 'd come here to do . 
 but part of her was relieved . 
 i am not a coward . 
 not anymore . 
 next time , i will act . 
 no matter his wishes , no matter mine . 
 `` kadence , '' geryon said , and she realized she had been staring at him , silent . 
 `` i would never punish you for aiding me . '' 
 again he blinked . 
 `` but ... i killed . 
 i hurt another creature . '' 
 `` and you were injured in the process . 
 come , let me attend to your wounds . '' 
 still he resisted . 
 `` but you would have to put your hands on me . '' 
 he said it as though the thought should be loathsome to her . 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 one hesitant step , two . 
 at that pace , he would never reach her . 
 sighing , she closed the rest of the distance herself , twined their fingers - experienced a powerful jolt , gasped - and led him to the rocks . 
 `` sit . 
 please . '' 
 as he obeyed , he tugged his hand from her and rubbed where they 'd been connected . 
 had the same jolt pierced him ? 
 she hoped it had , for she did not want to be alone in this ... attraction . 
 yes , attraction , she realized . 
 physical , erotic . 
 the kind that prompted a woman to leave her inhibitions and invite a man into her bed . 
 whether that invitation was accepted or not was a different story . 
 reluctant as geryon was , she was positive he would turn her down . 
 and perhaps that was for the best . 
 her lovemaking tended to scare men away . 
 because when the pleasure hit her , she could not control her nature . 
 the chains she 'd erected broke , unleashing her will with a vengeance . 
 physically , her lovers became her slaves . 
 mentally , they cursed her , knowing she had stolen their freedom of choice , unwitting though it had been . 
 she had never bedded the same man twice , and , after three tries , had stopped altogether . 
 one she had considered bad luck . 
 two , a coincidence . 
 three , undeniably her fault . 
 how would geryon respond ? 
 would he hate her ? 
 probably . 
 already he knew the horrors of being bound to someone else 's will . 
 she would not doubt if freedom was the most precious commodity in his life . 
 sighing , she tore several strips of cloth from the bottom of her robe and knelt in front of him , between his legs . 
 his shaft was hidden by a short skirt of leather and metal filigree . 
 a warrior 's cloth . 
 perhaps it was wanton of her , but she wanted to see him there . 
 she licked her lips , thinking maybe , perhaps , what if she - as if he could read her mind , he sucked in a breath . 
 `` do n't , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i - '' `` do n't stop . '' 
 chapter eleven do n't stop . 
 did he mean for her to move his armor out of the way ? 
 or simply to clean him as she 'd promised ? 
 already he was nervous , on edge , and had resisted even the slightest of handling . 
 afraid to risk a mistake , she leaned in , reached up and mopped the blood from his face with one of the strips of cloth . 
 acting the coward again , are we ? 
 his delectable scent filled her nose , a midnight breeze that inexplicably reminded her of home . 
 a sprawling , opulent home she had not been able to visit since reluctantly agreeing to oversee the fortification of hell . 
 how she missed it . 
 `` in all the years i have known you , '' she said , carefully avoiding the deepest gash , `` you have never left your post at the gate . 
 do you eat ? '' 
 at first contact , he had jumped . 
 but she maintained a steady , casual rhythm and he gradually relaxed . 
 perhaps one day he would allow her to do more . 
 would she enslave him , though , as she had the others ? 
 `` no . 
 there 's no need . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 even she , a goddess , needed food . 
 she could survive without it , yes , but she would waste away , becoming a mere shell of herself . 
 `` how , then , do you survive ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i know only that i stopped needing food the day i was brought here . 
 perhaps the fire and smoke sustain me . '' 
 `` so you do n't miss it ? 
 the tastes and textures , i mean ? '' 
 `` it 's been so long since i 've seen even a crumb that i rarely think of food anymore . '' 
 she wanted to feed him , she thought . 
 wanted to sweep him out of this nightmare and into a banquet hall with tables piled high , food of every kind gracing their surfaces . 
 she wanted to watch his face light in ecstasy as he sampled one of everything . 
 no one should be forced to go without such nourishment . 
 when his face was clean , she switched her attentions to his right arm . 
 angry claw marks glared at her , and she knew they had to be hurting him . 
 not by word or deed did he betray it , though . 
 no , he actually seemed ... blissful . 
 `` i 'm sorry i do not have the proper medicines to ease your pain . '' 
 `` you have no reason to be sorry . 
 i 'm grateful for what you 're doing and hope to repay you in kind some day . 
 not that i desire you to be injured , '' he added quickly . 
 `` i do not . '' 
 horror blanched his features . 
 `` i would hate such a thing . 
 truly . 
 i only want to see you healthy and whole . '' 
 her lips curled into a slow smile . 
 `` i understood your meaning . '' 
 finished with her ministrations , she settled her hands in her lap . 
 she did n't move from her position between his legs , because an idea had taken root in her mind . 
 perhaps he was n't ready for her to remove his armor - he was so sensitive about his appearance , after all - but that did not mean he would refuse her ... other things . 
 and he 'd seemed to enjoy having her hands on him . 
 `` may i ask you a question , geryon ? '' 
 he nodded hesitantly . 
 `` you may do anything you like to me . '' 
 had he meant the words to emerge so sensually ? 
 so husky and rich ? 
 `` are you ... do you like me ? '' 
 he looked away from her and gave another nod . 
 `` more than i should , '' he muttered . 
 her pulse fluttered madly . 
 `` then i would like very much if you would kiss me . '' 
 chapter twelve kiss her ? 
 `` i should n't . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 though gods , geryon wanted to , desperately , and found his gaze straying to her lips . 
 they were lush and red . 
 glistening . 
 his mouth watered for a taste of them . 
 his horns , sensitive to his emotions as they were , throbbed . 
 those pretty lips dipped into a frown . 
 `` why not ? 
 you said you liked me . 
 did you lie to spare my feelings ? '' 
 `` i would never lie to you . 
 and i do like you . 
 you are beautiful and strong , the finest thing i have ever known . '' 
 `` you think me beautiful ? 
 strong ? '' 
 pleasure lit her expression . 
 `` then why wo n't you kiss me ? '' 
 `` i will hurt you . '' 
 her face scrunched adorably in her confusion . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 you 've never hurt me before . '' 
 `` my teeth ... they are too sharp . '' 
 he did n't add that his hand were too toxic , his strength too mighty . 
 were he to lose control of himself and squeeze her , which was a possibility considering how much he desired her , she would be hurt . 
 scared , too . 
 perhaps even irreparably damaged . 
 `` i 'm willing to risk it , '' she said , placing her palms on his thighs and burning him soul-deep . 
 he both hated and loved his half-armor at that moment . 
 hated because it kept him from skin-to-fur contact . 
 loved because it blocked her gaze from parts of his monstrous form . 
 `` why ? '' 
 what reason could she possibly have for wanting to place her luscious lips on something so ... disgusting ? 
 mere curiosity would not drive a female to such an act . 
 evangeline had vomited the moment she 'd first spied his changed appearance . 
 `` i could tolerate what you were , but i can not tolerate ... this , '' she 'd thrown at him . 
 `` because . '' 
 twin pink circles painted kadence 's cheeks , but she did n't turn her gaze . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he insisted . 
 he placed his hands atop hers . 
 gulped at the headiness , the silkiness . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 so she was grateful . 
 his shoulders sagged in disappointment . 
 did you truly expect her to desire you ? 
 no , he had n't expected it - but he had hoped . 
 `` it would be dishonorable to kiss you for such a reason . '' 
 though she remained on her knees , she rose until they were merely a whisper apart . 
 `` then do it because i 'm desperate , needy . 
 do it because i 've suddenly realized how quickly something can be taken from me , and i wish to know some part of you before i 'm - '' `` before you 're ... '' he managed to choke out . 
 she was desperate ? 
 needy ? 
 `` do it , '' she pleaded . 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 geryon could no longer resist , dishonorable or not . 
 he would be careful , he vowed . 
 so careful . 
 he bent the rest of the way , softly pressing his mouth against hers . 
 she did n't pull away . 
 she gasped , lips parting , and he swept his tongue inside . 
 her taste ... so sweet , like a snowstorm after a millennium of fire . 
 `` more , '' she said . 
 `` deeper . 
 harder . '' 
 `` sure ? '' 
 `` more than i 've ever been . '' 
 centuries had passed since he 'd kissed a woman and never while in this form , but he began thrusting his tongue against hers , rolling them together , retreating , then going back for more . 
 when he felt his teeth scrape hers , he stiffened . 
 and when she moaned , he tried to pull away . 
 but her arms slid up his chest , one anchoring around his neck , the other caressing a horn . 
 so sensitive was the protrusion , he had to grip his thighs , nails sinking deep , to keep his claws off her . 
 `` like ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' he managed to grit out . 
 `` good . 
 me , too . '' 
 her lush br ** sts pressed into his chest , her ni ** les hard and searching . 
 she enjoyed his kiss ? 
 tremors rocked him , their tongues beginning another dance , his muscles tightening against the strain of remaining exactly as he was . 
 with every moment that passed , every breathy sound that emerged from her , his control snapped a little more . 
 he yearned to toss her down , climb atop her and pound , pound so hard he would brand himself on every inch of her . 
 inside every cell . 
 `` stop , '' he finally said . 
 `` we must stop . '' 
 he jerked to his feet , away from her , already mourning the loss of her taste . 
 he kept his back to her , panting , his heart racing . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 she asked softly , and there was a catch in her voice . 
 oh , yes . 
 you stole a heart i could not afford to give . 
 he 'd promised never to lie to her , however , so he merely said , `` come . 
 we have waited long enough . 
 we have demons to hunt . '' 
 chapter thirteen they stopped at the first building they came to : a tavern . 
 an actual , honest-to-gods tavern , where blood was served rather than alcohol . 
 kadence had known such things existed down here , but it still struck her as odd . 
 demons , acting as humans . 
 they 'd had a two-mile trek from the pit 's entrance to here . 
 a two-mile trek she had spent remembering geryon 's earth-shattering kiss , cursing him for stopping it and fretting about his reasons . 
 throughout her endless life , she had welcomed only those three lovers into her bed , and all three had been gods . 
 if gods had not been able to handle her , there was no way geryon could . 
 but she had hoped . 
 for once she 'd had no thoughts of controlling her nature , only enjoying . 
 yet geryon had walked away from her , just as the others had . 
 am i so terrible ? 
 so horrible a person ? 
 more than the others , she had wanted geryon to find pleasure with her because he meant more . 
 she liked who she was with him . 
 liked how she felt when he was near . 
 instead , she had ... disgusted him ? 
 repelled him ? 
 failed to arouse him in even the slightest way ? 
 `` stay by my side , '' he said as he shoved open the tavern 's swinging double doors . 
 they were the first words he had uttered since reminding her of their quest . 
 `` and keep your hood over your head . 
 just in case . 
 actually , are you versed in glamour ? '' 
 his voice was deep and rough and caressed every one of her weeping senses . 
 surely she did not disgust him . 
 surely she did not repel him . 
 he had held himself back during their kiss , had stopped it , but when he looked at her , he made her feel as if she were the only woman in the world . 
 the most beautiful , the most desired . 
 a treasure , something to cherish . 
 he paused before entering . 
 `` kadence ? '' 
 cleared his throat . 
 `` goddess ? '' 
 `` i will glamour myself and stay by your side , '' she told him , though inside she beseeched , tell me why you continually push me away . 
 he did n't . 
 he nodded and stepped forward . 
 she stayed close , as promised , mentally projecting the image of bones and scales . 
 anyone who glanced in her direction would think they saw one of their own . 
 she could only hope her fear was masked as well . 
 taunting laughter and pain-filled cries immediately assaulted her ears . 
 gulping , she sent her gaze around the room . 
 so many demons ... they came in every shape and size . 
 some were like the image she projected , bones and scales . 
 some were half man , half bull . 
 some were winged like dragons with snouts to match . 
 yet all of them crowded a stone slab . 
 a moving slab ? 
 no , not moving , she realized , horror claiming her in a bruising grip and nearly crushing her lungs . 
 human spirits were atop the slab . 
 the demons were ripping them apart , eating their insides . 
 unfortunately , there was no peace for the damned . 
 only endless torture . 
 `` gods , '' she could n't help but breathe . 
 `` how can we defeat a horde of these ? '' 
 `` over here . '' 
 geryon edged them to the side and out of the way , and she knew it was so that they could observe the happenings without drawing notice . 
 `` the creatures you see here are minions , soldiers and servants . 
 they are not what we will be fighting . '' 
 that 's right , she thought , stomach sinking . 
 violence , death and the like were demon lords . 
 while minions enjoyed their prey 's agony , their main focus was the fulfillment of a basic need : hunger . 
 the lords cared only for the agony . 
 prolonging it , increasing it to the depths of insanity . 
 and the more agony they inflicted , the more screams they elicited , the stronger they became . 
 oh , yes . 
 they were far worse than anything here . 
 chapter fourteen `` smell good , like fear , '' something suddenly growled beside kadence . 
 `` mmm , hungry . '' 
 startled , she gasped . 
 geryon tried to pull her behind him , but she resisted . 
 this time , she would n't sink into the background , forcing him to do all the work , take all the risks . 
 this time , she fought . 
 `` move away or die , '' she told the demon . 
 it frowned at her . 
 `` look like me . 
 why you smell so good ? '' 
 it licked its lips , saliva dripping from the corners of its paper thin mouth . 
 it was covered in yellow scales and only reached her navel . 
 and while it appeared lean , she suspected unyielding strength rested underneath those scales . 
 a tremor moved through her . 
 remember who you are . 
 remember what you can do . 
 it stepped closer . 
 `` you were warned , '' she said , bracing herself . 
 `` wait outside , kadence . 
 please . '' 
 geryon tried to move in front of her . 
 she blocked him , not facing him . 
 `` no . 
 you will not fight them alone . '' 
 as they spoke , the demon continued to inch toward them , its claws lengthening . 
 `` please , kadence . '' 
 geryon tugged at her . 
 `` i need to know you 're safe . 
 otherwise , i 'll be distracted and a distracted warrior is a defeated warrior . '' 
 `` i can not act the coward . 
 not anymore . 
 besides , if this works , you will not have to fight him at all . '' 
 she was hell 's warden ; it was past time she acted like it . 
 past time she ruled rather than merely observed . 
 `` if is n't good enough . 
 not when it comes to your safety . '' 
 any moment the creature would cease its stalking and spring . 
 she knew it , felt it . 
 kadence reached inside herself as she angled her chin to stare deep into its eyes , surprised to find her power easily accessible . 
 she should n't have been surprised , though . 
 she might try and suppress it , but it was always there , never silent , a churning sea inside her . 
 `` stay , '' she said , and the creature locked in place , its mind still active but every part of its physical form hers to command . 
 for a long while , she simply drank in her handiwork , amazed . 
 i did it . 
 not once did the fiend try and approach her again - even though murder gleamed in those beady eyes . 
 `` something 's happened , '' geryon said , sounding confused . 
 `` i happened , '' she said , proud of herself . 
 `` watch . '' 
 to the demon she said , `` raise your arms over your head . '' 
 instantly , it obeyed , shooting both arms into the air without a word of complaint . 
 but then , she had possession of its mouth , as well . 
 clearly , it had not wanted to comply with her demand , for its gaze continued to translate its hatred of her . 
 joy burst through her . 
 for once , she had used her ability for good : to save someone she greatly lo - admired . 
 dear gods . 
 did she love geryon ? 
 she loved being with him , loved the way he made her feel : cherished , protected . 
 but did that mean she had given him her heart ? 
 surely not . 
 `` look , kadence . '' 
 geryon pointed to the slab . 
 `` look what 's happened . '' 
 she followed the direction of his finger and gasped . 
 every demon had frozen in place , their hands in the air . 
 even the spirits had stopped writhing . 
 there was no laughter , no cries . 
 only the sound of her own breathing could be heard . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 geryon asked . 
 `` i - yes . '' 
 `` i am amazed . 
 awed . '' 
 her joy intensified . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` can they hear me ? '' 
 when she nodded , he slowly grinned and shouted to the creatures , `` hear me well . 
 go forth and tell every demon lord the guardian is here and that i plan to destroy them . '' 
 to kadence he added , `` release them . '' 
 though she wanted to protest , kadence did as he 'd asked . 
 in less than a blink , the creatures were racing from the building as fast as possible , leaving her and geryon alone . 
 `` why ? '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` now we wait . 
 they will come to us . '' 
 chapter fifteen geryon fortified the building against attack as best as he was able , given the lack of supplies and tools . 
 kadence remained at his side , lending a spiritual touch whenever needed , forcing the planks and stones to bow to her will . 
 he noticed she grew paler with every minute that passed . 
 `` what 's our battle plan ? '' 
 she asked when they finished , settling against the far wall . 
 the only place without blood or ... other things on it . 
 keeping you alive , by whatever means necessary . 
 he joined her , careful not to touch her . 
 one touch , and he would pull her back into his arms . 
 he needed to be alert , on guard . 
 `` you 'll lock them in place and i 'll slay them . '' 
 `` quick and easy , '' she said with a ring of hopefulness in her tone . 
 `` how long do you think we have ? '' 
 `` a few hours . 
 it will take a while for news of my arrival and intentions to spread . 
 longer still for the lords to gather their forces and plan an attack . '' 
 geryon raked a claw across the floorboard to mar the curse etched there , stone shards flying into the air . 
 `` i understand why lucifer wishes you to destroy the demons trying to leave hell and thereby prevent all other demons from following them , but why does it matter so much to you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` when i agreed to enter this realm , i became ... connected to it . 
 if the wall crumbles , i die . '' 
 she would die ? 
 `` why did you not tell me before now ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` and why would you connect to such a thing ? 
 why would you come here willingly ? '' 
 `` had i remained in the heavens , i would have been punished every minute of every day . 
 no one is crueler in that respect than the gods . 
 they wanted me here , so here i came . 
 but i had no idea how permanent the bonding would be . 
 how powerful . 
 as to why i did n't tell you ... '' she shrugged . 
 `` you had permission to finally leave your post yet you chose to help me . 
 i did n't want to burden you further . 
 now you 've saved me , again , and i do n't wish to lie to you . '' 
 `` kadence , '' he said , then shook his head . 
 `` i should have remained at the inside of the gate , without you , and slayed the lords as they approached . 
 now the wall is without protection , and you are in more danger than ever . '' 
 `` they would have seen you and stayed away , for there is no place to hide above the pit . '' 
 `` and that would have been fine with me . 
 that would have kept you safe . '' 
 `` yet that is no kind of life for you , simply lying in wait . '' 
 `` it is the life i am used to . '' 
 `` but you deserve more ! '' 
 looking away from him , she traced a fingertip over the area he had clawed . 
 `` we had to do this . 
 or rather , i did . 
 but i want you to know that if i fall , the wall will remain as it is , for it is n't bound to me . 
 i have been hurt many times over the years , yet it did not show signs of damage . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the damn wall ! '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 then she gulped and continued as if he had n't spoken . 
 `` without me , there will be no one who senses when something is wrong . 
 the gods will have to find someone new . 
 i know you are now free , but would you remain there , vigilant , until that person is found ? 
 even if lucifer has already appointed a new guardian ? '' 
 `` you are not going to die , damn it . 
 now tell me why lucifer allowed you inside ? 
 he needs you outside . '' 
 color fused her cheeks . 
 embarrassment ? 
 guilt ? 
 `` he also needs his wall protected . '' 
 guilt , most definitely . 
 it was there in her voice , echoing off the walls . 
 `` he could have destroyed or imprisoned the demon lords . '' 
 `` if he could catch them . '' 
 `` i 'll give you that . '' 
 geryon tapped two fingers against his chin , pondering the situation . 
 `` but lucifer allows nothing , even those things he needs , without demanding some form of payment . 
 what did he demand of you ? 
 and why did he allow you my services ? 
 why release my soul ? 
 and where is my soul now , if lucifer no longer has it ? '' 
 even as he asked the questions , a few of the answers shaped in his mind . 
 he snarled low in his throat . 
 `` you bought me from him . '' 
 that color in her cheeks deepened . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 her eyelids fluttered shut , the length of them casting spiky shadows over her cheeks . 
 one of her hands rubbed at the amethyst dangling between her br ** sts . 
 `` i 'm not sorry , either . '' 
 was his soul inside ? 
 `` did you buy me with ... yourself ? '' 
 if so , he would slay the prince before allowing one evil finger to touch this woman 's precious body . 
 a pause , her eyes slowly opening . 
 then , `` no . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 anger was building inside of him . 
 anger with her , with lucifer , with himself that this could have happened . 
 what had this prized woman given up ? 
 why had she given it up ? 
 he placed his hand over hers , not to hold her in place - powerful as he now knew she was , he doubted he could have done so - but to offer reassurance . 
 he was here , he was n't leaving . 
 `` please . '' 
 her chin trembled . 
 `` i gave him a year on earth , unimpeded , to do as he wished . '' 
 `` oh , kadence , '' geryon said , knowing the other gods would have to honor her bargain - and would make her suffer for it . 
 everything inside him rebelled at the thought . 
 `` why would you do such a thing ? '' 
 `` to save you . 
 to save me . 
 to save the world beyond our reach . 
 i could think of no other way . 
 a single year to wreck his havoc seemed a small thing to trade in comparison to an eternity of demons roaming free . '' 
 her mouth opened , but rather than words she gave a pained cry . 
 quick as a snap , her skin bleached of color and she doubled over . 
 concern instantly rocked him . 
 `` what 's wrong , sweet ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` the demons ... they 're at the wall . 
 they 're ... they 're killing me . '' 
 chapter sixteen had lucifer told the demons of her bond to the wall ? 
 kadence wondered , pain slicing through her . 
 rather than come here to fight , they had gone there . 
 knowing she would weaken , die ? 
 or , perhaps they had hoped to draw geryon to them , leaving her here , alone and seemingly vulnerable to ambush . 
 or did they want her to come to them ? 
 so many alternatives . 
 the prince probably found the entire situation vastly amusing . 
 he probably - a thought took root in her mind , nearly paralyzing her . 
 if she were killed , he could have more than the agreed upon year on the earth , bartering for souls , causing untold havoc . 
 he could have forever , if he so desired , and he could bring his demons with him , ruling his minions and humans . 
 he was a god , a brother to the sovereign . 
 there was no guarantee he would be captured and sent back . 
 of course , his betrayal of her hinged on whether or not he thought he could force his demons to obey him out in the open . 
 unless ... was she the payment for their cooperation ? 
 if they did n't know she was bound to the wall , lucifer could `` kill '' her when it fell to prevent her from chasing them . 
 they 'd be grateful to him , might in turn pledge their continued allegiance to him . 
 oh , gods . 
 the possibility sickened her , for if it was true she had unwittingly helped him every step of the way . 
 he desired the wall 's protection , she reminded herself . 
 at first , common sense piped up . 
 that does n't mean he desires it now . 
 for reasons that had nothing to do with her internal pain , she could n't quite catch her breath . 
 what kind of fool am i ? 
 she was so ashamed . 
 so foolish . 
 `` kadence , speak to me . 
 tell me what 's wrong , '' geryon insisted . 
 he popped to his knees and swung around , kneeling between her legs . 
 one of his claws gently , tenderly brushed away the damp hair clinging to her brow . 
 her gaze lifted to his . 
 seeing him with so much concern in his beautiful brown eyes , she could not regret the choices she 'd made . 
 no matter what happened , he would be free . 
 this proud , strong man would finally be free . 
 `` i. . . 
 am ... fine , '' she managed to gasp out . 
 gods , she felt shredded inside , as though her organs were being ripped to ribbons . 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 but you will be . '' 
 he scooped her into his arms and carried her to the back . 
 to a room the owner must have used . 
 he laid her on a thin pallet . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 he asked , lifting the amethyst that housed his soul . 
 she had planned to present it to him once their mission was completed , a gift for his aid , but she nodded . 
 right now , there was a good chance she would not complete anything . 
 slowly , carefully , he worked the stone from around her neck and placed it over his heart . 
 his eyes closed . 
 he was probably unsure what would happen . 
 and at first , nothing did . 
 then , in gradual degrees , the jewel began to glow . 
 a frown pulled at geryon 's lips , and he grunted . 
 `` burns . '' 
 `` i 'll hold it for y - '' the glow exploded into a thousand pinpricks of light , and he roared , loud and long . 
 after the last echo sounded , everything quieted . 
 the lights faded . 
 only the chain that had held the jewel remained in his hand . 
 his frown was lifting into a smile as his eyes opened . 
 but when he studied his arms and then his body , the frown returned , deeper , more intense . 
 `` i should have ... i did not ... i had hoped to return to my former visage . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she loved him , just as he was . 
 horns , fangs , claws and all . 
 wait - loved ? 
 oh , yes . 
 she loved him . 
 she had considered it before , but had discarded the idea . 
 now , there could be no discarding . 
 the emotion was there , undeniable as death stared her in the face . 
 no man had ever been more perfectly suited for her . 
 he was not disgusted by her nature , he reveled in it . 
 he did not fear what she could do , but found pride in it . 
 he delighted her , amused her , tempted her . 
 `` it is my hope that ... that ... '' he gulped . 
 `` if you bond with something else , something besides the wall , perhaps your ties to it will lessen and your strength will return . 
 perhaps the pain will ease . '' 
 something else ? 
 `` you ? '' 
 she asked , suddenly breathless for reasons that had nothing to do with pain . 
 `` yes . 
 me . '' 
 chapter seventeen geryon looked away from her . 
 `` i know i 'm ugly . 
 i know the thought of being with me in such a manner is abhorrent , but i - '' `` you are n't ugly , '' kadence interjected , `` and i do not like that you think so . 
 i do not like when you demean yourself like that . '' 
 he blinked over at her , astonishment shining in his expression . 
 she continued , `` the thought of being with you is welcome . 
 i promise you . '' 
 now his mouth opened and closed . 
 `` welcome ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i do n't want you to bond with me simply to save me . '' 
 she had once been too afraid to admit she craved his body , had pretended merely to be grateful to get a kiss . 
 there would be no more pretending . 
 `` i want you to want to do this . 
 because i. . . 
 i want you inside of me , becoming part of me , more than i want another tomorrow . 
 i want to be your woman , now and always . '' 
 before he could respond , another pain slicked through her , raining like poisoned hail and curling her into a ball . 
 another crack had just slithered through the wall ; she saw it in her mind . 
 `` geryon ? '' 
 she panted . 
 his gaze bore into her . 
 `` i once swore that were i ever lucky enough to regain my soul , i would never , for any reason , trade it again . 
 i have just realized that i would willingly trade it for you , kadence . 
 so yes , i want to do this . '' 
 geryon slowly divested kadence of her robe , careful not to hurt her with his razor-sharp nails . 
 she was already in pain and he doubted she could bear much more . 
 beautiful , precious woman . 
 she deserved only pleasure . 
 for whatever reason , she desired him . 
 desired forever . 
 together . 
 she had given him the thing he 'd thought he valued most - his soul - but he had not known until he 'd watched her curl into a ball that he valued her more . 
 he 'd longed to take her pain into himself . 
 for her , anything . 
 she cared not that he was a beast . 
 she saw to the heart of him , and liked it . 
 when she was naked , he drank her in . 
 alabaster skin dusted with the sweetest hint of rose . 
 lush br ** sts , a curved waist , a navel his mouth watered to sample . 
 legs that stretched for miles . 
 he bent and licked one of her ni ** les , laving his tongue around the delectable tip , his hands traveling all over her body . 
 the closer his fingers came to her core , the more she purred a deep sigh of satisfaction , her pain seeming to melt away . 
 `` the pleasure , it 's replacing the pain , '' she said , confirming his thoughts . 
 thank the gods . 
 he moved his attention to her other nipple , sucking , allowing the tip of a fang to graze it ever so gently . 
 `` still helping ? '' 
 all the while his fingers teased just above her clitoris , not touching , only teasing . 
 `` still helping . 
 but i want to see you , '' she said , giving his armor a pointed stare . 
 he lifted his head and peered into her eyes . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i could take you without removing a single piece of armor . '' 
 `` i want all of you , geryon . '' 
 her features were luminescent . 
 `` all . '' 
 `` whatever you desire , you shall have . '' 
 he only hoped she did not change her mind when she saw him . 
 `` do not fear my reaction . 
 you are beautiful to me . '' 
 such sweet words . 
 but ... he 'd lived with his insecurities so long , they were a part of him . 
 `` how can i be ? 
 look at me . 
 i am a beast . 
 a monster . 
 something to be feared and reviled . '' 
 `` i am looking at you and you are something to be praised . 
 you may not bear the appearance of other men , but you have strength and courage . 
 besides , '' she added , licking her lips , `` animal magnetism is a very good thing . '' 
 slowly he grinned . 
 `` all right . 
 i will show you the rest of me . '' 
 chapter eighteen geryon removed his breast plate and tossed it aside , his too-corded chest with its scars , fur and over-large bones revealed . 
 his hands shook as he then unwound the leather wrapped around his waist , slowly revealing his hardened shaft , his scarred and fur-lined thighs . 
 he tensed , waiting for the inevitable gasp of horror , even though she 'd assured him of his `` animal magnetism . '' 
 `` beautiful , '' she said reverently . 
 `` a true warrior . 
 my warrior . '' 
 she reached up and ran her fingertips through that fur . 
 `` soft . '' 
 breath seeped from his parted lips , breath he had not realized he 'd been holding until just then . 
 `` kadence . 
 sweet kadence , '' he rasped . 
 what had he ever done to deserve her ? 
 if he had n't fallen in love with her already , he would have fallen then . 
 as the hottest thrum of desire he 'd ever experienced pounded through him , he kissed his way down her stomach , stopping only to dip his tongue inside her navel . 
 she trembled . 
 when he reached the apex of her thighs , he worshipped her , and the trembling became writhing . 
 `` amazing , '' she gasped , fisting his hair . 
 he wanted to devour her , possess her , but he held back , her taste like the sweetest ambrosia . 
 only when she came apart , screaming her pleasure , did he rise above her . 
 he was proud and honored to have given her such ecstasy . 
 but he was trembling now , his body on fire . 
 desperate . 
 for her , only her . 
 her legs wound around him , and she cupped his cheeks , staring deep into his eyes . 
 `` i need more of you . '' 
 he entered her an inch , one blessed inch . 
 stopped , gave her time to adjust . 
 he 'd go slowly if it killed him . 
 make it good for her , the best . 
 `` why do i not feel the need to master you ? '' 
 she purred into his ear . 
 she bit the lobe . 
 sweet fire . 
 `` that 's how it was , before ? '' 
 she nodded , arching her hips to take more of him . 
 another inch . 
 he had to cut off a groan . 
 `` perhaps because my heart is so completely yours , there 's nothing left to master . '' 
 `` oh , geryon . 
 please . '' 
 she stroked his horns , circling a fingertip over the hard points . 
 `` take me all the way . 
 give me everything . '' 
 he could deny her nothing . 
 releasing his fierce grip on control , he pounded forward and she cried out . 
 not in pain , but in joy , he realized . 
 over and over he filled her , giving her all of him . 
 their wills intermingled so completely , it was impossible to tell who wanted what . 
 his nails raked the floor beside her head , his teeth even nipped her , but she loved it all , urging him on , begging for more . 
 and when he spilled his seed inside her , her inner walls clutching him in her own surge of satisfaction , he shouted the words that had been building inside of him since the moment he 'd met her . 
 `` i love you ! '' 
 to his surprise , she gave a shout of her own . 
 `` oh , geryon . 
 i love you , too . '' 
 they quickly dressed . 
 kadence was still weak , but at least the pain had stopped . 
 `` are they still at the gate ? '' 
 geryon asked . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 they 're working it feverishly . '' 
 he kissed her lips , and she reveled in another taste of this man she so loved . 
 `` whisk us there , lock them in place , and i will do the rest . '' 
 `` i hope this works , '' she said , because she could n't bear the thought of being parted from him . 
 `` it will . 
 it has to . '' 
 otherwise , she feared they were both doomed . 
 chapter nineteen she flashed them as promised , and it took geryon a moment to orient himself , inside a tavern one moment , in front of the wall the next . 
 when he comprehended the carnage around him , he could n't quite believe his eyes . 
 the demons had worked so fervently , they had bled all over the stones - stones that had been shredded , almost paper thin . 
 a hole was imminent . 
 worse , the horde of demon lords was still there . 
 they were huge , all of them at least seven foot , their bodies so wide that even geryon , massive as he was , would not be able to stretch his arms wide enough to measure them . 
 skeletons were visible underneath the translucent skin . 
 a few had wings , and all were grotesque in their evil . 
 red eyes , horned like geryon and fingers like knives . 
 he must have made a noise , for one of the ... things spotted them . 
 laughed a sound that raised every hair on his body . 
 `` now , '' he shouted to kadence . 
 she glared over at them - nothing . 
 pointed her hands at them - nothing . 
 groaned with the force of her will - but still nothing happened . 
 the lords did not freeze in place . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she gasped out . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he glanced at her , even as he moved in front of her , keeping his arm around her waist . 
 she had paled , and her trembling had returned . 
 had his arm not been around her , he knew she would have fallen . 
 had the bonding not worked , then ? 
 `` talk to me , sweetheart . '' 
 he watched the demons as they rallied together , watching him . 
 laughing . 
 imagining how they would kill him ? 
 `` i 'm bound to you and the wall . 
 i can feel your strength , its weakness , and it 's tearing me apart , '' she cried . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 so sorry . 
 all of this was for nothing , geryon . 
 nothing ! '' 
 `` not nothing , never nothing . 
 i have you . '' 
 but for how long ? 
 slowly the demons stalked forward , predators locked on prey . 
 eerie delight radiated from them . 
 `` you are the best thing that ever happened to me , '' kadence said weakly , leaning her cheek against his back . 
 `` i do not care about my demise anymore , but i hate that i 've placed you in grave danger . '' 
 no . 
 no ! 
 `` you will not die . '' 
 but even as he said it , the wall , so badly damaged , began to crack , to crumble , a hole appearing . 
 widening . 
 kadence 's knees finally gave out , and he turned , roaring , easing her to the ground . 
 i failed her . 
 damn this , i failed her ! 
 `` kadence . '' 
 no response . 
 no rising and falling of her chest , no moaning in pain . 
 she was as still as death . 
 `` tell me how to help you , kadence . 
 please . '' 
 again , nothing . 
 tears burned his eyes . 
 he had not cried for the wife that left him , had not cried for the life he 'd lost , but he cried for this woman . 
 i need you . 
 she would want him to stop the demons from leaving this realm , but geryon could n't bring himself to move from her side . 
 something sharp scraped at his neck , and he jerked his head to the side . 
 the lords flew around them , cackling with glee . 
 `` leave us , '' he growled . 
 kill her . 
 destroy her . 
 maim her . 
 too late . 
 she 's gone . 
 more laughter . 
 one of them swooped down and raked a claw over her cheek , drawing blood before geryon realized what was happening . 
 the rest scented the lifeblood and attacked in a frenzy . 
 geryon roared , throwing himself over her to take the brunt of their assault . 
 soon his back was in tatters , one of his horns chewed loose , a tendon severed . 
 all the while he swung out his arm , hoping to slay as many as he could with his poison , but only one failed to dodge his blow . 
 on and on the laughter and abuse continued . 
 `` i love you , '' kadence whispered in his ear . 
 his muscled spasmed in shock and relief at the sound of her voice . 
 she was still alive . 
 `` i love you . 
 stay with me . 
 do n't leave me . '' 
 `` i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 he never would have brought her into hell had he known this would happen . 
 he would have spent his entire existence at the gate , fighting to protect it . 
 her . 
 `` go , '' he screamed to the demons . 
 `` leave this place . 
 the mortal realm is yours . '' 
 as if the wall had merely been waiting for his permission , it finally toppled completely . 
 which meant - `` no , '' he screamed . 
 `` i did not mean for you to collapse . 
 i only meant for the demons to fly through . '' 
 but it was too late , the damage was done . 
 gleeful , the demon lords flew into the cave , then disappeared from view . 
 a new stream of tears burned geryon 's eyes as he gathered kadence in his arms . 
 what did he care about the mortal realm without this woman ? 
 `` goodbye , my love , '' she said , and died in his arms . 
 chapter twenty she was dead . 
 kadence was dead . 
 and there was nothing he could do to save her . 
 he knew it as surely as he knew he would take his next breath . 
 an unwanted , hated breath . 
 those stinging tears slid down his cheeks , mocking reminders that he lived - and she did not . 
 she had wanted his help to save the wall , to save her . 
 she had wanted his help to keep the demon lords inside hell , yet he had failed her on all counts . 
 `` i am so sorry , geryon . '' 
 at this newest sound of her voice , he blinked . 
 what the - as he watched , her spirit began to rise from her motionless body . 
 hope fluttered inside his chest . 
 hope and joy and shock . 
 her body was destroyed , but her spirit would live on . 
 of course . 
 he should have known . 
 every day he encountered such spirits , though none had been as pure as hers . 
 he pushed to his feet , facing her , heart drumming madly . 
 she smiled sadly at him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she repeated . 
 `` why ? '' 
 when he 'd never been happier ? 
 she was here , with him . 
 `` you have nothing to be sorry for . '' 
 `` i failed you . 
 had you been stationed at the gate as you had wanted , this would not have happened . '' 
 `` that is n't so . 
 the demons would have ruined the wall , and thereby ruined you , but i would not have had the opportunity , no , the pleasure , of bonding with you . 
 i can not regret what happened . '' 
 not anymore . 
 not with her spirit just in front of him . 
 `` what of the demons ? '' 
 `` i suppose the gods will attempt to gather them , bemoaning me as a failure forevermore . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you are not a failure , love . 
 you did everything within your power to stop them . 
 most would never even have entered the gates . '' 
 his head tilted to the side as he studied her . 
 she was as lovely as ever , like a dream of her former self . 
 before her , his life had been a wasteland . 
 a moment without her would have been ... well , hell . 
 `` thank you , sweet geryon . 
 but even if the wall is repaired , even if the demons are somehow captured , i fear the gods will be unable to contain those demons here . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` they will always fight to escape . '' 
 `` the gods will find a way , '' he assured her . 
 `` they always do . '' 
 he reached out to hug her to him , but his hand misted through her and he frowned , some of his happiness draining . 
 touching her was a necessity ; he would not be able to live without her warmth , her softness . 
 that 's when realization hit him . 
 he closed his eyes for a moment , steeped in quiet agony . 
 `` you are free , kadence . 
 free from hell , free from the gods ' commands . 
 you can go anywhere you desire , do anything you wish . '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i do not have you . '' 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 `` i will leave you and wander the earth alone , '' she said with a firm shake of her head . 
 those tears splashed onto her cheeks . 
 `` i know gods and goddesses are allowed to choose where they wish to reside in the afterlife , but i have no desire to return to heaven or stay in hell . 
 unless ... are you staying here ? 
 would you like me to stay with you ? '' 
 she asked hopefully . 
 `` if you would rather not have me , a being you can not ever hope to feel , i will understand , but ... '' as she spoke , an idea sprang into his mind . 
 a wild idea he did not discard , but rather embraced . 
 `` when i bonded to you , it was forever and another eternity . 
 i will not give you up now . '' 
 `` but you will never again be able to touch me . 
 you will never - '' `` i will . 
 i promise . '' 
 and with that , he sank his own poisoned claws into his chest , felt the toxin burn him , blistering , scorching . 
 he screamed at the anguish , black winking over his eyes . 
 when the pain eased , the blackness faded . 
 his eyelids fluttered open and he saw that his body was gone , a pile of ash , his spirit floating beside kadence . 
 so many times over the centuries , he 'd considered taking just such an action . 
 anything to end the monotony of his existence . 
 but he had clung to life , for kadence . 
 to see her , to imagine caressing her and hope for the chance . 
 now , that chance was a reality . 
 `` i , too , am now free , '' he said . 
 `` truly free . '' 
 `` you gave up your life for me , '' she sputtered through tears - and a grin she could not hide . 
 `` and i would do it again . '' 
 he jerked her into his arms , grinning , too , because he could feel her again . 
 `` you are my everything . 
 i am lost without you . '' 
 `` i love you so much , '' she said , raining little kisses all over his face . 
 `` but whatever will we do now ? '' 
 `` live . 
 finally , we will live . '' 
 and they did . 
 when the gods realized that the wall between earth and hell had been breeched and a horde of demon lords let loose upon earth , they sent an army to repair the damage - but no one could catch the fiends . 
 and even if they could , the gods knew that locking them back inside hell would merely invite another rebellion . 
 something had to be done . 
 though the stone barrier had fallen , the goddess of oppression 's body was still bound to the wall of hell . 
 and so the gods built a box-sized prison from kadence 's bones , confident that the powers she had tapped into hours before her death still resided deep in the marrow . 
 they were proven right . 
 once opened , the box drew the demons from their hiding places , holding them captive as even hell had been unable to do . 
 the gods were pleased with their handiwork . 
 if only they had not given the box to pandora for safekeeping ... but that is a story for another time . 
