 chapter one from high in the heavens , lysander spotted his prey . 
 at last . 
 finally , i will end this . 
 his jaw clenched and his skin pulled tight . 
 with tension . 
 with relief . 
 determined , he jumped from the cloud he stood upon , falling quickly ... wind whipping through his hair ... when he neared ground , he allowed his wings , long and feathered and golden , to unfold from his back and catch in the current , slowing his progress.he was a soldier for the one true deity . 
 one of the elite seven , created before time itself . 
 with as many millennia as he 'd lived , he 'd come to learn that each of the elite seven had one temptation . 
 one potential downfall . 
 like eve with her apple . 
 when they found this ... thing , this abomination , they happily destroyed it before it could destroy them . 
 lysander had finally found his . 
 bianka skyhawk . 
 she was the daughter of a harpy and a phoenix shape-shifter . 
 she was a thief , a liar and a killer who found joy in the vilest of tasks . 
 worse , the blood of lucifer-his greatest enemy and the sire of most demon hordes-flowed through her veins . 
 which meant bianka was his enemy . 
 he lived to destroy his enemies . 
 however , he could only act against them when they broke a heavenly law . 
 for demons , that involved escaping their fiery prison to walk the earth . 
 for bianka , who had never been condemned to hell , that would have to involve something else . 
 what , he did n't know . 
 all he knew was that he 'd never experienced what mortals referred to as `` desire . '' 
 until bianka . 
 and he did n't like it . 
 he 'd seen her for the first time several weeks ago , long black hair flowing down her back , amber eyes bright and lips bloodred . 
 watching her , unable to turn away , a single question had drifted through his mind : was her pearl-like skin as soft as it appeared ? 
 forget desire . 
 he 'd never wondered such a thing about anyone before . 
 he 'd never cared . 
 but the question was becoming an obsession , discovering the truth a need . 
 and it had to end . 
 now . 
 this day . 
 he landed just in front of her , but she could n't see him . 
 no one could . 
 he existed on another plane , invisible to mortal and immortal alike . 
 he could scream , and she would not hear him . 
 he could walk through her , and she would not feel him . 
 for that matter , she would not smell or sense him in any way . 
 until it was too late . 
 he could have formed a fiery sword from air and cleaved her head from her body , but did n't . 
 as he 'd already realized and accepted , he could not kill her . 
 yet . 
 but he could not allow her to roam unfettered , tempting him , a plague to his good sense , either . 
 which meant he would have to settle for imprisoning her in his home in the sky . 
 that did n't have to be a terrible ordeal for him , however . 
 he could use their time together to show her the right way to live . 
 and the right way was , of course , his way . 
 what 's more , if she did not conform , if she did finally commit that unpardonable sin , he would be there , at last able to rid himself of her influence . 
 do it . 
 take her . 
 he reached out . 
 but just before he could wrap his arms around her and fly her away , he realized she was no longer alone . 
 he scowled , his arms falling to his sides . 
 he did not want a witness to his deeds . 
 `` best day ever , '' bianka shouted skyward , splaying her arms and twirling . 
 two champagne bottles were clutched in her hands and those bottles flew from her grip , slamming into the ice-mountains of alaska surrounding her . 
 she stopped , swayed , laughed . 
 `` oopsie . '' 
 his scowl deepened . 
 a perfect opportunity lost , he realized . 
 clearly , she was intoxicated . 
 she would n't have fought him . 
 would have assumed he was a hallucination or that they were playing a game . 
 having watched her these past few weeks , he knew how much she liked to play games . 
 `` waster , '' her sister , the intruder , grumbled . 
 though they were twins , bianka and kaia looked nothing alike . 
 kaia had red hair and gray eyes flecked with gold . 
 she was shorter than bianka , her beauty more delicate . 
 `` i had to stalk a collector for days-days ! 
 - to steal that . 
 seriously . 
 you just busted dom perignon white gold jeroboam . '' 
 `` i 'll make it up to you . '' 
 mist wafted from bianka 's mouth . 
 `` they sell boone 's farm in town . '' 
 there was a pause , a sigh . 
 `` that 's only acceptable if you also steal me some cheese tots . 
 i used to highjack them from sabin every day , and now that we 've left budapest , i 'm in withdrawal . '' 
 lysander tried to pay attention to the conversation , he really did . 
 but being this close to bianka was , as always , ruining his concentration . 
 only her skin was similar to her sister 's , reflecting all the colors of a newly sprung rainbow . 
 so why did n't he wonder if kaia 's skin was as soft as it appeared ? 
 because she is not your temptation . 
 you know this . 
 there , atop a peak of devil 's thumb , he watched as bianka plopped to her bottom . 
 frigid mist continued to waft around her , making her look as if she were part of a dream . 
 or an angel 's nightmare . 
 `` but you know , '' kaia added , `` stealing boone 's farm in town does n't help me now . 
 i 'm only partially buzzed and was hoping to be totally and completely smashed by the time the sun set . '' 
 `` you should be thanking me , then . 
 you got smashed last night . 
 and the night before . 
 and the night before that . '' 
 kaia shrugged . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , your life is in a rut . 
 you steal liquor , climb a mountain while drinking and dive off when drunk . '' 
 `` well , then yours is in a rut , too , since you 've been with me each of those nights . '' 
 the redhead frowned . 
 `` still . 
 maybe you 're right . 
 maybe we need a change . '' 
 she gazed around the majestic summit . 
 `` so what new and exciting thing do you want to do now ? '' 
 `` complain . 
 can you believe gwennie is getting married ? '' 
 bianka asked . 
 `` and to sabin , keeper of the demon of doubt , of all people . 
 or demons . 
 whatever . '' 
 gwennie . 
 gwendolyn . 
 their youngest sister . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 a still-frowning kaia eased down beside her . 
 `` would you rather be a bridesmaid or be hit by a bus ? '' 
 `` the bus . 
 no question . 
 that , i 'd recover from . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 bianka did not like weddings ? 
 odd . 
 most females craved them . 
 still . 
 no need for the bus , lysander wanted to tell her . 
 you will not be attending your sister 's wedding . 
 `` so which of us will be her maid of honor , do you think ? '' 
 kaia asked . 
 `` not it , '' bianka said , just as kaia opened her mouth to say the same . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 bianka laughed with genuine amusement . 
 `` your duties should n't be too bad . 
 gwennie 's the nicest of the skyhawks , after all . '' 
 `` nice when she 's not protecting sabin , that is . '' 
 kaia shuddered . 
 `` i swear , threaten the man with a little bodily harm , and she 's ready to claw your eyes out . '' 
 `` think we 'll ever fall in love like that ? '' 
 as curious as bianka sounded , there was also a hint of sadness in her voice . 
 why sadness ? 
 did she want to fall in love ? 
 or was she thinking of a particular man she yearned for ? 
 lysander had not yet seen her interact with a male she desired . 
 kaia waved a deceptively delicate hand through the air . 
 `` we 've been alive for centuries without falling . 
 clearly , it 's just not meant to be . 
 but i , for one , am glad about that . 
 men become a liability when you try and make them permanent . '' 
 `` yeah , '' was the reply . 
 `` but a fun liability . '' 
 `` true . 
 and i have n't had fun in a long time , '' kaia said with a pout . 
 `` me , either . 
 except with myself , but i do n't suppose that counts . '' 
 `` it does the way i do it . '' 
 they shared another laugh . 
 fun . 
 sex , lysander realized , now having no trouble keeping up with their conversation . 
 they were discussing sex . 
 something he 'd never tried . 
 not even with himself . 
 he 'd never wanted to try , either . 
 still did n't . 
 not even with bianka and her amazing -lrb- soft ? -rrb- 
 skin . 
 as long as he 'd been alive-a span of time far greater than their few hundred years-he 'd seen many humans caught up in the act . 
 it looked ... messy . 
 as un-fun as something could be . 
 yet humans betrayed their friends and family to do it . 
 they even willingly , happily gave up hard-earned money in exchange for it . 
 when not taking part themselves , they became obsessed with it , watching others do it on a television or computer screen . 
 `` we should have nailed one of the lords when we were in buda , '' kaia said thoughtfully . 
 `` paris is hawt . '' 
 she could only be referring to the lords of the underworld . 
 immortal warriors possessed by the demons once locked inside pandora 's box . 
 as lysander had observed them throughout the centuries , ensuring they obeyed heavenly laws-since their demons had escaped hell before those laws were enacted , no one having thought escape possible , they had not been killed but thrust into that box first , and the lords second-he knew that paris was host to promiscuity , forced to bed a new person every day or weaken and die . 
 `` paris is hot , yes , but i liked amun . '' 
 bianka stretched to her back , mist again whipping around her . 
 `` he does n't speak , which makes him the perfect man in my opinion . '' 
 amun , the host of the demon of secrets . 
 so . 
 bianka liked him , did she ? 
 lysander pictured the warrior . 
 tall , though lysander was taller . 
 muscled , though lysander was more so . 
 dark where lysander was light . 
 he was actually relieved to know the harpy preferred a different type of male than himself . 
 that would n't change her fate , but it did lessen lysander 's burden . 
 he had n't been sure what he would have done if she 'd asked him to touch her . 
 that she would n't was most definitely a relief . 
 `` what about aeron ? '' 
 kaia asked . 
 `` all those tattoos ... '' a moan slipped from her as she shivered . 
 `` i could trace every single one of them with my tongue . '' 
 aeron , host of wrath . 
 one of only two lords with wings , aeron 's were black and gossamer . 
 he had tattoos all over his body , and looked every inch the demon he was . 
 what 's more , he had recently broken a spiritual covenant . 
 therefore , aeron would be dead before the upcoming nuptials . 
 lysander 's charge , olivia , had been ordered to slay the warrior . 
 so far she had resisted the decree . 
 the girl was too softhearted for her own good . 
 eventually , though , she would do her duty . 
 otherwise , she would be kicked to earth , immortal no longer , and that was not a fate lysander would allow . 
 of all the angels he 'd trained , she was by far his favorite . 
 as gentle as she was , a man could n't help but want to make her happy . 
 she was trustworthy , loyal and all that was pure ; she was the type of female who should have tempted him . 
 a female he might have been able to accept in a romantic way . 
 wild bianka ... no . 
 never . 
 `` however will i choose between my two favorite lords , b ? '' 
 another sigh returned lysander 's focus to the harpies . 
 bianka rolled her eyes . 
 `` just sample them both . 
 not like you have n't enjoyed a twofer before . '' 
 kaia laughed , though the amusement did n't quite reach her voice . 
 like bianka , there was a twinge of sadness to the sound . 
 `` true . '' 
 lysander 's mouth curled in mild distaste . 
 two different partners in one day . 
 or at the same time . 
 had bianka done that , too ? 
 probably . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 kaia asked . 
 `` you gon na hook up with amun at the wedding ? '' 
 there was a long , heavy pause . 
 then bianka shrugged . 
 `` maybe . 
 probably . '' 
 he should leave and return when she was alone . 
 the more he learned about her , the more he disliked her . 
 soon he would simply snatch her up , no matter who watched , revealing his presence , his intentions , just to save this world from her dark influence . 
 he flapped his wings once , twice , lifting into the air . 
 `` you know what i want more than anything else in the world ? '' 
 she asked , rolling to her side and facing her sister . 
 facing lysander directly , as well . 
 her eyes were wide , amber irises luminous . 
 beams of sunlight seemed to soak into that glorious skin , and he found himself pausing . 
 kaia stretched out beside her . 
 `` to co-host good morning america ? '' 
 `` well , yeah , but that 's not what i meant . '' 
 `` then i 'm stumped . '' 
 `` well ... '' bianka nibbled on her bottom lip . 
 opened her mouth . 
 closed her mouth . 
 scowled . 
 `` i 'll tell you , but you ca n't tell anyone . '' 
 the redhead pretended to twist a lock over her lips . 
 `` i 'm serious , k. tell anyone , and i 'll deny it then hunt you down and chop off your head . '' 
 would she truly ? 
 lysander wondered . 
 again , probably . 
 he could not imagine hurting his olivia , whom he loved like a sister . 
 maybe because she was not one of the elite seven , but was a joy-bringer , the weakest of the angels . 
 there were three angelic factions . 
 the elite seven , the warriors and the joy-bringers . 
 their status was reflected in both their different duties and the color of their wings . 
 each of the seven possessed golden wings , like his own . 
 warriors possessed white wings merely threaded with gold , and the joy-bringers ' white wings bore no gold at all . 
 olivia had been a joy-bringer all the centuries of her existence . 
 something she was quite happy with . 
 that was why everyone , including olivia , had experienced such shock when golden down had begun to grow in her feathers . 
 not lysander , however . 
 he 'd petitioned the angelic council , and they 'd agreed . 
 it had needed to be done . 
 she was too fascinated by the demon-possessed warrior aeron . 
 too ... infatuated . 
 ridding her of such an attraction was imperative . 
 as he well knew . 
 his hand clenched into a fist . 
 he blamed himself for olivia 's circumstances . 
 he had sent her to watch the lords . 
 to study them . 
 he should have gone himself , but he 'd hoped to avoid bianka . 
 `` well , do n't just lie there . 
 tell me what you want to do more than anything else in the world , '' kaia exclaimed , once again drawing his attention . 
 bianka uttered another sigh . 
 `` i want to sleep with a man . '' 
 kaia 's brow scrunched in confusion . 
 `` uh , hello . 
 was n't that what we were just discussing ? '' 
 `` no , dummy . 
 i mean , i want to sleep . 
 as in , conk out . 
 as in , snore my ass off . '' 
 a moment passed in silence as kaia absorbed the announcement . 
 `` what ! 
 that 's forbidden . 
 stupid . 
 dangerous . '' 
 harpies lived by two rules , he knew . 
 they could only eat what they stole or earned , and they could not sleep in the presence of another . 
 the first was because of a curse on all harpy-kind , and the second because harpies were suspicious and untrusting by nature . 
 lysander 's head tilted to the side as he found himself imagining holding bianka in his arms as she drifted into slumber . 
 that fall of dark curls would tumble over his arm and chest . 
 her warmth would seep into his body . 
 her leg would rub over his . 
 he could never allow it , of course , but that did n't diminish the power of the vision . 
 to hold her , protect her , comfort her would be ... nice . 
 would her skin be as soft as it appeared ? 
 his teeth ground together . 
 there was that ridiculous question again . 
 i do not care . 
 it does not matter . 
 `` forget i said anything , '' bianka grumbled , once more flopping to her back and staring up at the bright sky . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 your words are singed into my ears . 
 do you know what happened to our ancestors when they were stupid enough to fall asl - '' `` yes , okay . 
 yes . '' 
 she pushed to her feet . 
 the faux fur coat she wore was bloodred , same as her lips , and a vivid contrast to the white ice around her . 
 her boots were black and climbed to her knees . 
 she wore skintight pants , also black . 
 she looked wicked and beautiful . 
 would her skin be as soft as it appeared ? 
 before he realized what he was doing , he was standing in front of her , reaching out , fingers tingling . 
 what are you doing ? 
 stop ! 
 he froze . 
 backed several steps away . 
 sweet heaven . 
 how close he 'd come to giving in to the temptation of her . 
 he could not wait any longer . 
 could not wait until she was alone . 
 he had to act now . 
 his reaction to her was growing stronger . 
 any more , and he would touch her . 
 and if he liked touching her , he might want to do more . 
 that was how temptation worked . 
 you gave in to one thing , then yearned for another . 
 and another . 
 soon , you were lost . 
 `` enough heavy talk . 
 let 's get back to our boring routine and jump , '' bianka said , stalking to the edge of the peak . 
 `` you know the rules . 
 girl who breaks the least amount of bones wins . 
 if you die , you lose . 
 for , like , ever . '' 
 she gazed down . 
 so did lysander . 
 there were crests and dips along the way , ice bounders with sharp , deadly ridges and thousands of feet of air . 
 such a jump would have killed a mortal , no question . 
 the harpy merely joked about the possibility , as if it were of no consequence . 
 did she think herself invulnerable ? 
 kaia lumbered to her feet and swayed from the liquor still pouring through her . 
 `` fine , but do n't think this is the last of our conversation about sleeping habits and stupid girls who - '' bianka dove . 
 lysander expected the action , but was still surprised by it . 
 he followed her down . 
 she spread her arms , closed her eyes , grinning foolishly . 
 that grin ... affected him . 
 clearly she reveled in the freedom of soaring . 
 something he often did , as well . 
 but she would not have the end she desired . 
 seconds before she slammed into a boulder , lysander allowed himself to materialize in her plane . 
 he grabbed her , arms catching under hers , wings unfolding , slowing them . 
 her legs slapped against him , jarring him , but he did n't release his hold . 
 a gasp escaped her , and her eyelids popped open . 
 when she spotted him , amber eyes clashing with the dark of his , that gasp became a growl . 
 most would have asked who he was or demanded he go away . 
 not bianka . 
 `` big mistake , stranger danger , '' she snapped . 
 `` one you 'll pay for . '' 
 as many battles as he 'd fought over the years and as many opponents as he 'd slain , he did n't have to see to know she had just unsheathed a blade from a hidden slit in her coat . 
 and he did n't have to be a psychic to know she meant to stab him . 
 `` it is you who made the mistake , harpy . 
 but do not worry . 
 i have every intention of rectifying that . '' 
 before she could ensure that her weapon met its intended target , he whisked her into another plane , into his home-where she would stay . 
 forever . 
 chapter two bianka skyhawk gaped at her new surroundings . 
 one moment she 'd been tumbling toward an icy valley , intent on escaping her sister 's line of questioning , as well as winning their break-the-least-amount-of-bones game , and the next she 'd been in the arms of a gorgeous blond . 
 which was n't necessarily a good thing . 
 she 'd tried to stab him , and he 'd blocked her . 
 freaking blocked her . 
 no one should be able to block a harpy 's deathblow . 
 now she was standing inside a cloud-slash-palace . 
 a palace that was bigger than any home she 'd ever seen . 
 a palace that was warm and sweetly scented , with an almost tangible sense of peace wafting through the air.the walls were wisps of white and smoke , and as she watched , murals formed , seemingly alive , winged creatures , both angelic and demonic , soaring through a morning sky . 
 they reminded her of danika 's paintings . 
 danika-the all-seeing eye who watched both heaven and hell . 
 the floors , though comprised of that same ethereal substance , allowing a view of the land and people below , were somehow solid . 
 angelic . 
 cloud . 
 heaven ? 
 dread flooded her as she spun to face the male who had grabbed her . 
 `` angelic '' described him perfectly . 
 from the top of his pale head to the strength in that leanly muscled , sun-kissed body , to the golden wings stretching from his back . 
 even the white robe that fell to his ankles and the sandals wrapped around his feet gave him a saintly aura . 
 was he an angel , then ? 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 he was n't human , that was for sure . 
 no human male could ever hope to compare to such blinding perfection . 
 but damn , those eyes ... they were dark and hard and almost , well , empty . 
 his eyes do n't matter . 
 angels were demon assassins , and she was as close to a demon as a girl could get . 
 after all , her great-grandfather was lucifer himself . 
 lucifer , who had spent a year on earth unfettered , pillaging and raping . 
 only a few females had conceived , but those that had soon gave birth to the first of the harpies . 
 unsure of what to do , bianka strode around her blond ; he remained in place , even when she was at his back , as if he had nothing to fear from her . 
 maybe he did n't . 
 obviously he had powers . 
 one , he 'd blocked her-she just could n't get over that fact-and two , he 'd somehow removed her coat and all her weapons without touching her . 
 `` are you an angel ? '' 
 she asked when she was once again in front of him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 no hesitation . 
 as if his heritage was n't something to be ashamed of . 
 poor guy , she thought with a shudder . 
 clearly he had no idea the crappy hand he 'd been dealt . 
 if she had to choose between being an angel and a dog , she 'd choose the dog . 
 they , at least , were respectable . 
 she 'd never been this close to an angel before . 
 seen one , yes . 
 or rather , seen what she 'd thought was an angel but had later learned was a demon in disguise . 
 either way , she had n't liked the guy , her youngest sister 's father . 
 he considered himself a god and everyone else beneath him . 
 `` did you bring me here to kill me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 not that he 'd have any luck . 
 he would find that she was not an easy target . 
 many immortals had tried to finish her off over the years , but none had succeeded . 
 obviously . 
 he sighed , warm breath trekking over her cheeks . 
 she had accidentally-on-purpose closed some of the distance between them ; he smelled of the icecaps she so loved . 
 fresh and crisp with just a hint of earthy spice . 
 when he realized that only a whisper separated them , his lips , too full for a man but somehow perfect for him , pressed into a mulish line . 
 though she did n't see him move , he was suddenly a few more inches away from her . 
 huh . 
 interesting . 
 had he increased the distance on purpose ? 
 curious , she stepped toward him . 
 he backed away . 
 he had . 
 why ? 
 was he scared of her ? 
 just to be contrary , as she often was , she stepped toward him again . 
 again , he stepped away . 
 so . 
 the big , bad angel did n't want to be within striking distance . 
 she almost grinned . 
 `` well , '' she prompted . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did not bring you here to kill you . '' 
 his voice was rich , sultry , a sin all its own . 
 and yet , there was a layer of absolute truth to it , and she suspected she would have believed anything he said . 
 as if whatever he said was simply fated , meant to be . 
 unchangeable . 
 `` i want you to emulate my life . 
 i want you to learn from me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 what would he do if she touched him ? 
 the tiny gossamer wings on her own back fluttered at the thought . 
 her t-shirt was designed especially for her kind , the material loose to keep from pinning those wings as she jolted into super-speed . 
 `` wait . 
 do n't answer . 
 let 's make out first . '' 
 a lie , but he did n't need to know that . 
 `` bianka , '' he said , his patience clearly waning . 
 `` this is not a game . 
 do not make me bind you to my bed . '' 
 `` ohh , now that i like . 
 sounds kinky . '' 
 she darted around him , running her fingertips over his cheek , his neck . 
 `` you 're as soft as a baby . '' 
 he sucked in a breath , stiffened . 
 `` bianka . '' 
 `` but better equipped . '' 
 `` bianka ! '' 
 she patted his butt . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` you will cease that immediately ! '' 
 `` make me . '' 
 she laughed , the amused , carefree sound echoing between them . 
 scowling , he reached out and latched on to her upper arm . 
 there was n't time to evade him ; shockingly , he was faster than she was . 
 he jerked her in front of him , and dark , narrowed eyes stared down at her . 
 `` there will be no touching . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 her gaze flicked to his hand , still clutching her arm . 
 `` at the moment , you 're the one touching me . '' 
 like hers , his gaze fell to where they were connected . 
 he licked his lips , and his grip tightened just the way she liked . 
 then he released her as if she were on fire and once again increased the distance between them . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 his tone was hard and flat . 
 what was the problem ? 
 he should be begging to touch her . 
 she was a desirable harpy , damn it . 
 her body was a work of art and her face total perfection . 
 but for his benefit , she said , `` yeah , i understand . 
 that does n't mean i 'll obey . '' 
 her skin tingled , craving the return of his . 
 bad girl . 
 bad , bad girl . 
 he 's a stupid angel and therefore not an appropriate plaything . 
 a moment passed as he absorbed her words . 
 `` are you not frightened of me ? '' 
 his wings folded into his back , arcing over his shoulders . 
 `` no , '' she said , raising a brow and doing her best to appear unaffected . 
 `` should i be ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 well , then , he 'd have to somehow grow the fiery claws of her father 's people . 
 that was the only thing that scared her . 
 having been scratched as a child , having felt the acid-burn of fire spread through her entire body , having spent days writhing in agonizing , seemingly endless pain , she would do anything to avoid such an experience again . 
 `` well , i 'm still not . 
 and now you 're starting to bore me . '' 
 she anchored her hands on her hips , glaring up at him . 
 `` i asked you a question but you never answered it . 
 why do you want me to be like you ? 
 so much so , that you brought me into heaven , of all places ? '' 
 a muscle ticked below one of his eyes . 
 `` because i am good and you are evil . '' 
 another laugh escaped her . 
 he frowned , and her laughter increased until tears were running from her eyes . 
 when she quieted , she said , `` good job . 
 you staved off the boredom . '' 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` i was not teasing you . 
 i mean to keep you here forever and train you to be sinless . '' 
 `` gods , how-oops , sorry . 
 i mean , golly , how adorable are you ? ' 
 i mean to keep you here forever and train you , ' '' she said in her best impersonation of him . 
 there was no reason to fight about her eventual escape . 
 she 'd prove him wrong just as soon as she decided to leave . 
 right now , she was too intrigued . 
 with her surroundings , she assured herself , and not the angel . 
 heaven was not a place she 'd ever thought to visit . 
 his chin lifted a notch , but his eyes remained expressionless . 
 `` i am serious . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you are . 
 but you 'll find that you ca n't keep me anywhere i do n't want to be . 
 and me ? 
 without sin ? 
 funny ! '' 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 his confidence might have unnerved her had she been less confident in her own abilities . 
 as a harpy , she could lift a semi as if it were no more significant than a pebble , could move faster than the human eye could see and had no problem slaying an unwelcome host . 
 `` be honest , '' she said . 
 `` you saw me and wanted a piece , right ? '' 
 for the briefest of moments , horror blanketed his face . 
 `` no , '' he croaked out , then cleared his throat and said more smoothly , `` no . '' 
 insulting bastard . 
 why such horror at the thought of being with her ? 
 she was the one who should be horrified . 
 he was clearly a do-gooder , more so than she 'd realized . 
 i am good and you are evil , he 'd said . 
 ugh . 
 `` so tell me again why you want to change me . 
 did n't anyone ever tell you that you should n't mess with perfection ? '' 
 that muscle started ticking below his eye again . 
 `` you are a menace . '' 
 `` whatever , dude . '' 
 she liked to steal-so what . 
 she could kill without blinking-again , so what . 
 it was n't like she worked for the irs or anything . 
 `` where 's my sister , kaia ? 
 she 's as much a menace as i am , i 'm sure . 
 so why do n't you want to change her ? '' 
 `` she is still in alaska , wondering if you are buried inside an ice cave . 
 and you are my only project at the moment . '' 
 project ? 
 bastard . 
 but she did like the thought of kaia searching high and low but finding no sign of her , almost like they were playing a game of hide and seek . 
 bianka would totally , finally win . 
 `` you appear ... excited , '' he said , head tilting to the side . 
 `` why ? 
 does her concern not disturb you ? '' 
 yep . 
 a certified do-gooder . 
 `` it 's not like i 'll be here long . '' 
 she peeked over his shoulder ; more of that wisping white greeted her . 
 `` got anything to drink here ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` eat ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` wear ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 slowly the corners of her lips lifted . 
 `` i guess that means you like to go naked . 
 awesome . '' 
 his cheeks reddened . 
 `` enough . 
 you are trying to bait me and i do not like it . '' 
 `` then you should n't have brought me here . '' 
 hey , wait a minute . 
 he 'd never really told her why he 'd chosen her as his project , she realized . 
 `` be honest . 
 do you need my help with something ? '' 
 after all , she , like many of her fellow harpies , was a mercenary , paid to find and retrieve . 
 her motto : if it 's unethical and illegal and you 've got the cash , i 'm your girl ! 
 `` i mean , i know you did n't just bring me here to save the world from my naughty influence . 
 otherwise , millions of other people would be here with me . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his massive chest . 
 she sighed . 
 knowing men as she did , she knew he was done answering that type of question . 
 oh , well . 
 she could have convinced him otherwise by annoying him until he caved , but she did n't want to put the work in . 
 `` so what do you do for fun around here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i destroy demons . '' 
 like you , she finished for him . 
 but he 'd already said he had no intention of killing her , and she believed him-how could she not ? 
 that voice ... `` so you do n't want to hurt me , you do n't want to touch me , but you do want me to live here forever . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'd be an idiot to refuse such an offer . '' 
 that she sounded sincere was a miracle . 
 `` we 'll pretend to be married and spend the nights locked in each other 's arms , kissing and touching , our bodies - '' `` stop . 
 just stop . '' 
 and , drumroll please , that muscle began ticking under his eye again . 
 this time , there was no fighting her grin . 
 it spread wide and proud . 
 that tic was a sign of anger , surely . 
 but what would it take to make that anger actually seep into his irises ? 
 what would it take to break even a fraction of his iron control ? 
 `` show me around , '' she said . 
 `` if i 'm going to live here , i need to know where my walk-in closet is . '' 
 during the tour , she could accidentally-on-purpose brush against him . 
 over and over again . 
 `` do we have cable ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and i can not give you a tour . 
 i have duties . 
 important duties . '' 
 `` yeah , you do . 
 my pleasure . 
 that should be priority one . '' 
 teeth grinding together , he turned on his heel and strode away . 
 `` you will find it difficult to get into trouble here , so i suggest you do not even try . '' 
 his voice echoed behind him . 
 please . 
 she could get into trouble with nothing but a toothpick and a spoon . 
 `` if you leave , i 'll rearrange everything . '' 
 not that there was any furniture to be seen . 
 silence . 
 `` i 'll get bored and take off . '' 
 `` try . '' 
 it was a response , at least . 
 `` so you 're seriously going to leave me ? 
 just like that ? '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 `` yes . '' 
 another response , though he did n't stop walking . 
 `` what about that bed you were going to chain me to ? 
 where is it ? '' 
 uh-oh , back to silence . 
 `` you did n't even tell me your name , '' she called , irritated despite herself . 
 how could he abandon her like that ? 
 he should hunger for more of her . 
 `` well ? 
 i deserve to know the name of the man i 'll be cursing . '' 
 finally , he stopped . 
 still , a long while passed in silence and she thought he meant to ignore her . 
 again . 
 then he said , `` my name is lysander , '' and stepped from the cloud , disappearing from view . 
 chapter three lysander watched as two newly recruited warrior angels-angels under his training and command-finally subdued a demonic minion that had dug its way free from hell . 
 the creature was scaled from head to hoof and little horns protruded from its shoulders and back . 
 its eyes were bright red , like crystallized blood . 
 the fight had lasted half an hour , and both angels were now bleeding , panting . 
 demons were notorious for their biting and scratching.lysander should have been able to critique the men and tell them what they had done wrong . 
 that way , they would do a better job next time . 
 but as they 'd struggled with the fiend , his mind had drifted to bianka . 
 what was she doing ? 
 was she resigned to her fate yet ? 
 he 'd given her several days alone to calm and accept . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 one of his trainees asked . 
 beacon was his name . 
 `` you letsss me go , you letsss me go , '' the demon said pleadingly , its forked tongue giving it a lisp . 
 `` i behave . 
 i return . 
 ssswear . '' 
 lies . 
 as a minion , it was a servant to a demon high lord-just as there were three factions of angels , there were three factions of demons . 
 high lords held the most power , followed by lords , who were followed by the lowest of them all , minions . 
 despite this one 's lack of status , it could cause untold damage among humans . 
 not only because it was evil , but also because it was a minion of strife and took its nourishment from the trouble it caused others . 
 by the time lysander had sensed its presence on earth , it had already broken up two marriages and convinced one teenager to start smoking and another to kill himself . 
 `` execute it , '' lysander commanded . 
 `` it knew the consequences of breaking a heavenly law , yet it chose to escape from hell anyway . '' 
 the minion began to struggle again . 
 `` you going to lisssten to him when you obviousssly ssstronger and better than him ? 
 he make you do all hard work . 
 he do nothing hissself . 
 lazy , if you asssk me . 
 kill him . '' 
 `` we do not ask you , '' lysander said . 
 both angels raised their hands and fiery swords appeared . 
 `` pleassse , '' the demon screeched . 
 `` no . 
 do n't do thisss . '' 
 they did n't hesitate . 
 they struck . 
 the scaled head rolled , yet the angels did not dematerialize their swords . 
 they kept the tips poised on the motionless body until it caught flame . 
 when nothing but ash remained , they looked to lysander for instruction . 
 `` excellent job . '' 
 he nodded in satisfaction . 
 `` you have improved since your last killing , and i am proud of you . 
 but you will train with raphael until further notice , '' he said . 
 raphael was strong , intelligent and one of the best trackers in the heavens . 
 raphael would not be distracted by a harpy he had no hopes of possessing . 
 possessing ? 
 lysander 's jaw clenched tightly . 
 he was not some vile demon . 
 he possessed nothing . 
 ever . 
 and when he finished with bianka , she would be glad of that . 
 there would be no more games , no more racing around him , caressing him and laughing . 
 the clenching in his jaw stopped , but his shoulders sagged . 
 in disappointment ? 
 could n't be . 
 perhaps he needed a few days to calm and accept . 
 he 'd left her alone for a week , the sun rising and setting beyond the clouds . 
 and each day , bianka grew madder-and madder . 
 and madder . 
 worse , she grew weaker . 
 harpies could only eat what they stole -lrb- or earned , but there was no way to earn a single morsel here -rrb- . 
 and no , that was n't a rule she could overlook . 
 it was a curse . 
 a godly curse her people had endured for centuries . 
 reviled as harpies were , the gods had banded together and decreed that no harpy could enjoy a meal freely given or one they had prepared themselves . 
 if they did , they sickened terribly . 
 the gods ' hope ? 
 destruction . 
 instead , they 'd merely ensured harpies learned how to steal from birth . 
 to survive , even an angel would sin.lysander would learn that firsthand . 
 she would make sure of it . 
 bastard . 
 had he planned this to torture her ? 
 in this palace , bianka had only to speak of something and it would materialize before her . 
 an apple-bright and red and juicy . 
 baked turkey-succulent and plump . 
 but she could n't eat them , and it was killing her . 
 liter-fucking-ally . 
 at first , bianka had tried to escape . 
 several times . 
 unlike lysander the cruel , she could n't jump from the clouds . 
 the floor expanded wherever she stepped and remained as hard as marble . 
 all she could do was move from ethereal room to ethereal room , watching the murals play out battle scenes . 
 once she 'd thought she 'd even spied lysander . 
 of course , she 'd said , `` rock , '' and a nice-size stone had appeared in her hand . 
 she 'd chucked it at him , but the stupid thing had fallen to earth rather than hit him . 
 where was he ? 
 what was he doing ? 
 did he mean to kill her like this , despite his earlier denial ? 
 slowly and painfully ? 
 at least the hunger pains had finally left her . 
 now she was merely consumed by a sensation of trembling emptiness . 
 she wanted to stab him the moment she saw him . 
 then set him on fire . 
 then scatter his ashes in a pasture where lots of animals roamed . 
 he deserved to be smothered by several nice steaming piles . 
 of course , if he waited much longer , she would be the one burned and scattered . 
 she could n't even drink a glass of water . 
 besides , fighting him was n't the way to punish him . 
 that , she 'd realized the first day here . 
 he did n't like to be touched . 
 therefore , touching him was the way to punish him . 
 and touch him she would . 
 anywhere , everywhere . 
 until he begged her to stop . 
 no . 
 until he begged her to continue . 
 she would make him like it , and then take it away . 
 if she lasted . 
 right now , she could barely hold herself up . 
 in fact , why was she even trying ? 
 `` bed , '' she muttered weakly , and a large four-poster appeared just in front of her . 
 she had n't slept since she 'd gotten here . 
 usually she crashed in trees , but she would n't have had the strength to climb one even if the cloud had been filled with them . 
 she collapsed on the plush mattress , velvet coverlet soft against her skin . 
 sleep . 
 she 'd sleep for a little while . 
 finally lysander could stand it no more . 
 nine days . 
 he 'd lasted nine days . 
 nine days of thinking about the female constantly , wondering what she was doing , what she was thinking . 
 if her skin was as soft as it looked . 
 he could tolerate it no longer . 
 he would check on her , that was all , and see for himself how-and what-she was doing . 
 then he would leave her again . 
 until he got himself under control . 
 until he stopped thinking about her . 
 stopped wanting to be near her . 
 her training had to begin sometime.his wings glided up and down as he soared to his cloud . 
 his heartbeat was a bit ... odd . 
 faster than normal , even bumping against his ribs . 
 also , his blood was like fire in his veins . 
 he did n't know what was wrong . 
 angels only sickened when they were infected with demon poison , and as lysander had not been bitten by a demon-had not even fought one in weeks-he knew that was not the problem . 
 blame could probably be laid at bianka 's door , he thought with a scowl . 
 first thing he noticed upon entering was the food littering the floor . 
 from fruits to meats to bags of chips . 
 all were uneaten , even unopened . 
 scowl melting into a frown , he folded his wings into his back and stalked forward . 
 he found bianka inside one of the rooms , lying atop a bed . 
 she wore the same clothing she 'd been clad in when he 'd first taken her-red shirt , tights that molded to her perfect curves-but had discarded her boots . 
 her hair was tangled around her , and her skin worryingly pale . 
 there was no sparkle to it , no pearl-like gleam . 
 bruises now formed half-moons under her eyes . 
 part of him had expected to find her fuming-and out for his head . 
 the other part of him had hoped to find her compliant . 
 not once had he thought to find her like this . 
 she thrashed , the covers bunched around her . 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` hamburger , '' she croaked . 
 a juicy burger appeared on the floor a few inches from the bed , all the extras-lettuce , tomato slices , pickles and cheese-decorating the edges of the plate . 
 the manifestation did n't surprise him . 
 that was the beauty of these angelic homes . 
 whatever was desired-within reason , of course-was provided . 
 all this food , and she had n't taken a single bite . 
 why would she request-it was n't stolen , he realized , and for the first time in his endless existence , he was angry with himself . 
 and scared . 
 for her . 
 he hated the emotion , but there it was . 
 she had n't eaten in these last nine days because she could n't . 
 she was truly starving to death . 
 though he wanted her out of his head , out of his life , he had n't wanted her to suffer . 
 yet suffer she had . 
 unbearably . 
 now she was too weak to steal anything . 
 and if he force-fed her , she would vomit , hurting more than she already was . 
 suddenly he wanted to roar . 
 `` blade , '' he said , and within a single blink , a sharp-tipped blade rested in his hand . 
 he stalked to the side of the bed . 
 he was trembling . 
 `` fries . 
 chocolate shake . '' 
 her voice was soft , barely audible . 
 lysander slashed one of his wrists . 
 blood instantly spilled from the wound , and he stretched out his arm , forcing each drop to fall into her mouth . 
 blood was not food for harpies ; it was medicine . 
 therefore her body could accept it . 
 he 'd never freely given his blood to another living being and was n't sure he liked the thought of something of his flowing inside this woman 's veins . 
 in fact , the thought actually caused his heartbeat to start slamming against his ribs again . 
 but there was no other way . 
 at first , she did n't act as if she noticed . 
 then her tongue emerged , licking at the liquid before it could reach her lips . 
 then her eyes opened , amber irises bright , and she grabbed on to his arm , jerking it to her mouth . 
 her sharp teeth sank into his skin as she sucked . 
 another odd sensation , he thought . 
 having a woman drink from him . 
 there was heat and wetness and a sting , yet it was not unpleasant . 
 it actually lanced a pang of ... something unnameable straight to his stomach and between his legs . 
 `` drink all you need , '' he told her . 
 his body would not run out . 
 every drop was replaced the moment it left him . 
 her gaze narrowed on him . 
 the more she swallowed , the more fury he saw banked there . 
 soon her fingers were tightening around his wrist , her nails cutting deep . 
 if she expected some sort of reaction from him , she would not get it . 
 he 'd been alive too long and endured far too many injuries to be affected by something so minor . 
 except for that pang between his legs ... what was that ? 
 finally , though , she released him . 
 he was n't sure if that gladdened him or filled him with disappointment . 
 gladdened , of course , he told himself . 
 a trickle of red flowed from the corner of her mouth , and she licked it away . 
 the sight of that pink tongue caused another lance to shoot through him . 
 definitely disap-uh , gladdened . 
 `` you bastard , '' she growled through her panting . 
 `` you sick , torturing bastard . '' 
 he moved out of striking distance . 
 not to protect himself , but to protect her . 
 if she were to attack him , he would have to subdue her . 
 and if he subdued her , he might hurt her . 
 and accidentally brush against her . 
 blood ... heating ... `` it was never my intent to harm you , '' he said . 
 and now , even his voice was trembling . 
 odd . 
 `` and that makes what you did okay ? '' 
 she jerked to a sitting position , all that dark hair spilling around her shoulders . 
 the pearl-like sheen was slowly returning to her skin . 
 `` you left me here , unable to eat . 
 dying ! '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 was that skin as soft as it looked ? 
 he gulped . 
 `` and i am sorry . '' 
 her anger should have overjoyed him . 
 as he 'd hoped , she would no longer laugh up at him , her face lit with the force of her amusement . 
 she would no longer race around him , petting him . 
 yes , he should have been overjoyed . 
 instead , the disappointment he 'd just denied experiencing raced through him . 
 disappointment mixed with shame . 
 she was more a temptation than he had realized . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 she gasped out . 
 `` you know that i can only consume what i steal or earn and yet you failed to make arrangements for me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he admitted , hating himself for the first time in his existence . 
 `` what 's more , you left me here . 
 with no way home . '' 
 his nod was stiff . 
 `` i have since made restitution by saving your life . 
 but as i said , i am sorry . '' 
 `` oh , well , you 're sorry , '' she said , throwing up her arms . 
 `` that makes everything better . 
 that makes almost dying acceptable . '' 
 she did n't wait for his reply . 
 she kicked her legs over the bed and stood . 
 her skin was at full glow now . 
 `` now you listen up . 
 first , you 're going to find a way to feed me . 
 then , you 're going to tell me how to get off this stupid cloud . 
 otherwise i will make your life a hell you 've never experienced before . 
 actually , i will anyway . 
 that way , you 'll never forget what happens when you mess with a harpy . '' 
 he believed her . 
 already she affected him more than anyone else ever had . 
 that was hell enough . 
 proof : his mouth was actually watering to taste her , his hands itching to touch her . 
 rather than reveal these new developments , however , he said , `` you are powerless here . 
 how would you hurt me ? '' 
 `` powerless ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 one step , two , she approached him . 
 he held his ground . 
 he would not retreat . 
 not this time . 
 assert your authority . 
 `` you can not leave unless i allow it . 
 the cloud belongs to me and places my will above yours . 
 therefore , there is no exit for you . 
 you would be wise to curry my favor . '' 
 she sucked in a breath , paused . 
 `` so you still mean to keep me here forever ? 
 even though i have a wedding to attend ? '' 
 she sounded surprised . 
 `` when did i ever give you the impression that i meant otherwise ? 
 besides , i heard you tell your sister you did n't want to go to that wedding . '' 
 `` no , i said i did n't want to be a bridesmaid . 
 but i love my baby sis , so i 'll do it . 
 with a smile . '' 
 bianka ran her tongue over her straight , white teeth . 
 `` but let 's talk about you . 
 you like to eavesdrop , huh ? 
 that sounds a little demonic for a goody-goody angel . '' 
 over the years he 'd been called far worse than demonic . 
 the goody-goody , though ... was that how she saw him ? 
 rather than as the righteous soldier he was ? 
 `` in war , i do what i must to win . '' 
 `` let me get this straight . '' 
 her eyes narrowed as she crossed her arms over her middle . 
 stubbornness radiated from her . 
 `` we were at war before i even met you ? '' 
 `` correct . '' 
 a war he would win . 
 but what would he do if he failed to set her on the right path ? 
 he would have to destroy her , of course , but for him to legally be allowed to destroy her , he reminded himself , she would first have to commit an unpardonable sin . 
 though she 'd lived a long time , she had never crossed that line . 
 which meant she would have to be encouraged to do so . 
 but how ? 
 here , away from civilization-both mortal and immortal-she could n't free a demon from hell . 
 she could n't slay an angel . 
 besides him , but that would never happen . 
 he was stronger than she was . 
 she could blaspheme , he supposed , but he would never-never ! 
 - encourage someone to do that , no matter the reason . 
 not even to save himself . 
 the only other possibility was for her to convince an angel to fall . 
 as she was his temptation , and as he was the only angel of her acquaintance , he was the only one she could convince . 
 and he would n't . 
 again , not for any reason . 
 he loved his life , his deity , and was proud of his work and all he had accomplished . 
 perhaps he would simply leave bianka here , alone for the rest of eternity . 
 that way , she could live but would be unable to cause trouble . 
 he would visit her every few weeks-perhaps months-but never remain long enough for her to corrupt him . 
 a sudden blow to the cheek sent his head whipping to the side . 
 he frowned , straightened and rubbed the now-stinging spot . 
 bianka was exactly as she 'd been before , standing in front of him . 
 only now she was smiling . 
 `` you hit me , '' he said , his astonishment clear . 
 `` how sweet of you to notice . '' 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 to be honest , he should not have been surprised . 
 harpies were as violent by nature as their inhuman counterparts the demons . 
 why could n't she have looked like a demon , though ? 
 why did she have to be so lovely ? 
 `` i saved you , gave you my blood . 
 i even explained why you could not leave , just as you asked . 
 i did not have to do any of those things . '' 
 `` do i really need to repeat your crimes ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 they were not crimes ! 
 but perhaps it was best to change the subject . 
 `` allow me to feed you , '' he said . 
 he walked to the plate holding the hamburger and picked it up . 
 the scent of spiced meat wafted to his nose , and his mouth curled in distaste . 
 though he did n't want to , though his stomach rolled , he took a bite . 
 he wanted to gag , but managed to swallow . 
 normally he only ate fruits , nuts and vegetables . 
 `` this , '' he said with much disgust , `` is mine . '' 
 careful not to touch her , he placed the food in her hands . 
 `` you are not to eat it . '' 
 by staking the verbal claim , the meal did indeed become his . 
 he watched understanding light her eyes . 
 `` oh , cool . '' 
 she did n't hesitate to rip into the burger , every crumb gone in seconds . 
 next he sipped the chocolate shake . 
 the sugar was almost obscene in his mouth , and he did gag . 
 `` mine , '' he repeated faintly , giving it to her , as well . 
 `` but next time , please request a healthier meal . '' 
 she flipped him off as she gulped back the ice cream . 
 `` more . '' 
 he bypassed the french fries . 
 no way was he going to defile his body with one of those greasy abominations . 
 he found an apple , a pear , but had to request a stalk of broccoli himself . 
 after claiming them , he took a bite of each and handed them over . 
 much better . 
 bianka devoured them . 
 well , except for the broccoli . 
 that , she threw at him . 
 `` i 'm a carnivore , moron . '' 
 she hardly had to remind him when the unpleasant taste of the burger lingered on his tongue . 
 still , he chose to overlook her mockery . 
 `` all of the food produced in this home is mine . 
 mine and mine alone . 
 you are to leave it alone . '' 
 `` that 'd be great if i were actually staying , '' she muttered while stuffing the fries in her mouth . 
 he sighed . 
 she would accept her fate soon enough . 
 she would have to . 
 the more she ate , the more radiant her skin became . 
 magnificent , he thought , reaching out before he could stop himself . 
 she grabbed his fingers and twisted just before contact . 
 `` nope . 
 i do n't like you , so you do n't get to handle the goods . '' 
 he experienced a sharp pain , but merely blinked over at her . 
 `` my apologies , '' he said stiffly . 
 thank the one true deity she 'd stopped him . 
 no telling what he would have done to her had he actually touched her . 
 behaved like a slobbering human ? 
 he shuddered . 
 she shrugged and released him . 
 `` now for my second order . 
 let me go home . '' 
 as she spoke , she assumed a battle stance . 
 legs braced apart , hands fisted at her sides . 
 he mirrored her movements , refusing to admit , even to himself , that her bravery heated his traitorous blood another degree . 
 `` you can not hurt me , harpy . 
 fighting me would be pointless . '' 
 slowly her lips curled into a devilish grin . 
 `` who said i was going to try and hurt you ? '' 
 before lysander could blink , she closed the distance between them and pressed against him , arms winding around his neck and tugging his head down . 
 their lips met and her tongue thrust into his mouth . 
 automatically , he stiffened . 
 he had seen humans kiss more times than he could count , but he 'd never longed to try the act for himself . 
 like sex , it seemed messy-in every way imaginable-and unnecessary . 
 but as her tongue rolled against his , as her hands caressed a path down his spine , his body warmed-far more than it had when he 'd simply thought of being here with her-and the tingle he 'd noticed earlier bloomed once more . 
 only this time , that tingle grew and spread . 
 like the shaft between his legs . 
 rising ... thickening ... he 'd wanted to taste her and now he was . 
 she was delicious , like the apple she 'd just eaten , only sweeter , headier , like his favorite wine . 
 he should make her stop . 
 this was too much . 
 but the wetness of her mouth was n't messy in the least . 
 it was electrifying . 
 more , a little voice said in his head . 
 `` yes , '' she rasped , as if he 'd spoken aloud . 
 when she rubbed her lower body against his , every sensation intensified . 
 his hands fisted at his sides . 
 he could n't touch her . 
 should n't touch her . 
 should stop this as she 'd stopped him , as he 'd already tried to convince himself . 
 a moan escaped her . 
 her fingers tangled in his hair . 
 his scalp , an area he 'd never considered sensitive before , ached , soaking up every bit of attention . 
 and when she rubbed against him again , he almost moaned . 
 her hands fell to his chest and a fingertip brushed one of his ni ** les . 
 he did moan ; he did grab her . 
 his fingers gripped her hips , holding her still even though he wanted to force her to rub against him some more . 
 the lack of motion did n't slow her kiss . 
 she continued to dance their tongues together , leisurely , as if she could drink from him forever . 
 and wanted to . 
 he should stop this , he told himself yet again . 
 yes . 
 yes , he would . 
 he tried to push her tongue out of his mouth . 
 the pressure created another sensation , this one new and stronger than any other . 
 his entire body felt aflame . 
 he started pushing at her tongue for an entirely different reason , twining them together , tasting her again , licking her , sucking her . 
 `` mmm , yeah . 
 that 's the way , '' she praised . 
 her voice was a drug , luring him in deeper , making him crave more . 
 more , more , more . 
 the temptation was too much , and he had to - temptation . 
 the word echoed through his mind , a sword sharp enough to cut bone . 
 she was a temptation . 
 she was his temptation . 
 and he was allowing her to lead him astray . 
 he wrenched away from her , and his arms fell to his sides , heavy as boulders . 
 he was panting , sweating , things he had not done even in the midst of battle . 
 angry as he was-at her , at himself-his gaze drank in the sight of her . 
 her skin was flushed , glowing more than ever . 
 her lips were red and swollen . 
 and he had caused that reaction . 
 sparks of pride took him by surprise . 
 `` you should not have done that , '' he growled . 
 slowly she grinned . 
 `` well , you should have stopped me . '' 
 `` i wanted to stop you . '' 
 `` but you did n't , '' she said , that grin growing . 
 his teeth ground together . 
 `` do not do it again . '' 
 one of her brows arched in smug challenge . 
 `` keep me here against my will , and i 'll do that and more . 
 much , much more . 
 in fact ... '' she ripped her shirt over her head and tossed it aside , revealing br ** sts covered by pink lace . 
 breathing became impossible . 
 `` want to touch them ? '' 
 she asked huskily , cupping them with her hands . 
 `` i 'll let you . 
 i wo n't even make you beg . '' 
 holy ... lord . 
 they were lovely . 
 plump and mouthwatering . 
 lickable . 
 and if he did lick them , would they taste as her mouth had ? 
 like that heady wine ? 
 blood ... heating ... again ... he did n't care what kind of coward his next action made him . 
 it was either jump from the cloud or replace her hands with his own . 
 he jumped . 
 chapter four lysander left bianka alone for another week-bastard ! 
 - but she did n't mind . 
 not this time . 
 she had plenty to keep her occupied . 
 like her plan to drive him utterly insane with lust . 
 so insane he 'd regret bringing her here . 
 regret keeping her here . 
 regret even being alive . 
 that , or fall so in love with her that he yearned to grant her every desire . 
 if that was the case-and it was a total possibility since she was insanely hot-she would convince him to take her home , and then she would finally get to stab him in the heart.perfect . 
 easy . 
 with her br ** sts , it was almost too easy , really . 
 to set the stage for his downfall , she decorated his home like a bordello . 
 red velvet lounges now waited next to every door-just in case he was too overcome with desire for her to make it to one of the beds now perched in every corner . 
 naked portraits-of her-hung on the misty walls . 
 a decorating style she 'd picked up from her friend anya , who just happened to be the goddess of anarchy . 
 as lysander had promised , bianka had only to speak what she wanted-within reason-to receive it . 
 apparently furniture and pretty pictures were within reason . 
 she chuckled . 
 she could hardly wait to see him again . 
 to finally begin . 
 he would n't stand a chance . 
 not just because of her -lrb- magnificent -rrb- br ** sts and hotness-hey , no reason to act as if she did n't know-but because he had no experience . 
 she had been his first kiss ; she knew it beyond any doubt . 
 he 'd been stiff at first , unsure . 
 hesitant . 
 at no point had he known what to do with his hands . 
 that had n't stopped her from enjoying herself , however . 
 his taste ... decadent . 
 sinful . 
 like crisp , clean skies mixed with turbulent night storms . 
 and his body , oh , his body . 
 utter perfection with hard muscles she 'd wanted to squeeze . 
 and lick . 
 she was n't picky . 
 his hair was so silky she could have run her fingers through it forever . 
 his c ** k had been so long and thick she could have rubbed herself to orgasm . 
 his skin was so warm and smooth she could have pressed against him and slept , just as she 'd dreamed about doing before she 'd met him . 
 even though sleeping with a man was a dangerous crime her race never committed . 
 stupid girl ! 
 the angel was n't to be trusted , especially since he clearly had nefarious plans for her-though he still refused to tell her exactly what those plans were . 
 teaching her to act like him had to be a misdirection of the truth . 
 it was just too silly to contemplate . 
 but his plans did n't matter , she supposed , since he would soon be at her mercy . 
 not that she had any . 
 bianka strode to the closet she 'd created and flipped through the lingerie hanging there . 
 blue , red , black . 
 lace , leather , satin . 
 several costumes : naughty nurse , corrupt policewoman , devil , angel . 
 which should she choose today ? 
 he already thought her evil . 
 perhaps she should wear the see-through white lace . 
 like a horny virgin bride . 
 oh , yes . 
 that was the one . 
 she laughed as she dressed . 
 `` mirror , please , '' she said , and a full-length mirror appeared in front of her . 
 the gown fell to her ankles , but there was a slit between her legs . 
 a slit that stopped at the apex of her thighs . 
 too bad she was n't wearing any panties . 
 spaghetti straps held the material in place on her shoulders and dipped into a deep vee between her br ** sts . 
 her ni ** les , pink and hard , played peek-a-boo with the swooping make-me-a-woman pattern . 
 she left her hair loose , flowing like black velvet down her back . 
 her gold eyes sparkled , flecks of gray finally evident , like in kaia 's . 
 her cheeks were flushed like a rose , her skin devoid of the makeup she usually wore to dull its shimmer . 
 bianka traced her fingertips along her collarbone and chuckled again . 
 she 'd summoned a shower and washed off every trace of that makeup . 
 if lysander had found himself attracted to her before-and he had , the size of his hard-on was proof of that-he would be unable to resist her now . 
 she was nothing short of radiant . 
 a harpy 's skin was like a weapon . 
 a sensual weapon . 
 its jewel-like sheen drew men in , made them slobbering , drooling fools . 
 touching it became all they could think about , all they lived for . 
 that got old after a while , though , which was why she 'd begun wearing full body makeup . 
 for lysander , though , she would make an exception . 
 he deserved what he got . 
 after all , he was n't just making bianka suffer . 
 he was making her sisters suffer . 
 maybe . 
 was kaia still looking for her ? 
 still worried or perhaps thinking this was a game as bianka had first supposed ? 
 had kaia called their other sisters and were the girls now searching the world over for a sign of her , as they 'd done when gwennie went missing ? 
 probably not , she thought with a sigh . 
 they knew her , knew her strength and her determination . 
 if they suspected she 'd been taken , they would have confidence in her ability to free herself . 
 still . 
 lysander was an ass . 
 and most likely a virgin . 
 eager , excited , she rubbed her hands together . 
 most men kissed the women they bedded . 
 and if she had been his first kiss , well , it stood to reason he 'd never bedded anyone . 
 her eagerness faded a bit . 
 but that begged the question , why had n't he bedded anyone ? 
 was he a young immortal ? 
 had he not found anyone he desired ? 
 did angels not often experience sexual need ? 
 she did n't know much about them . 
 fine , she did n't know anything about them . 
 did they consider sex wrong ? 
 maybe . 
 that would explain why he had n't wanted to touch her , too . 
 okay , so it made more sense that he simply had n't experienced sexual need before . 
 he 'd definitely experienced it during their kiss , though . 
 she went back to rubbing her hands together . 
 `` what are you wearing ? 
 or better yet , not wearing ? '' 
 heart skidding to a stop , bianka whipped around . 
 as if her thoughts had summoned him , lysander stood in the room 's doorway . 
 mist enveloped him and for a moment she feared he was nothing more than a fantasy . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 in her fantasies , he would not be angry . 
 he would be overcome with desire . 
 so ... he was here , and he was real . 
 and he was peering at her br ** sts in open-mouthed astonishment . 
 astonishment was better than anger . 
 she almost grinned . 
 `` do n't you like it ? '' 
 she asked , smoothing her palms over her hips . 
 let the games begin . 
 `` i-i - '' like it , she finished for him . 
 with the amount of truth that always layered his voice , he probably could n't utter a single lie . 
 `` your skin ... it 's different . 
 i mean , i saw the pearlesque tones before , but now ... it 's ... '' `` amazing . '' 
 she twirled , her gown dancing at her ankles . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you know ? '' 
 his tongue traced his teeth as the anger she 'd first suspected glazed his features . 
 `` cover her , '' he barked . 
 a moment later , a white robe draped her from shoulders to feet . 
 she scowled . 
 `` return my teddy . '' 
 the robe disappeared , leaving her in the white lace . 
 `` try that again , '' she told him , `` and i 'll just walk around naked . 
 you know , like i am in the portraits . '' 
 `` portraits ? '' 
 brow furrowing , he gazed about the room . 
 when he spotted one of the pictures of her , sans clothing , reclining against a giant silver boulder , he hissed in a breath . 
 exactly the reaction she 'd been hoping for . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind , but i turned this quaint little cloud into a love nest so i 'd feel more at home . 
 and again , if you remove anything , my redesign will be a thousand times worse . '' 
 `` what are you trying to do to me ? '' 
 he growled , facing her . 
 his eyes were narrowed , his lips thinned , his teeth bared . 
 she fluttered her lashes at him , all innocence . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't know what you mean . '' 
 `` bianka . '' 
 it was a warning , she knew , but she did n't heed it . 
 `` i think it 's my turn to ask the questions . 
 so where do you go when you leave me ? '' 
 `` that is not your concern . '' 
 was he panting a little ? 
 `` let 's see if i can make it my concern , shall we ? '' 
 she sauntered to the bed and eased onto the edge . 
 naughty , shameless girl that she was , she spread her legs , giving him the peek of a lifetime . 
 `` for every question you answer , i 'll put something on , '' she said in a sing-song voice . 
 `` deal ? '' 
 he spun , but not before she saw the shock and desire that played over his harshly gorgeous face . 
 `` i do my duty . 
 watch the gates to hell . 
 hunt and kill demons that have escaped . 
 deliver punishment to those in need . 
 guard humans . 
 now cover yourself . '' 
 `` i did n't say what item of clothing i 'd don , now did i ? '' 
 she gave herself a once-over . 
 `` one shoe , please . 
 white leather , high heel , open toe . 
 ties up the calf . '' 
 the shoe materialized on her foot , and she laughed . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 `` a trickster , '' lysander muttered . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 `` how did i trick you ? 
 did you ask for specifics ? 
 no , because you were secretly hoping i would n't cover myself at all . '' 
 `` that is not true , '' he said , but for once , she did not hear that layer of honesty in his voice . 
 interesting . 
 when he lied , or perhaps when he was unsure about what he was saying , his tone was as normal as hers . 
 that meant she would always know when he lied . 
 did things get any better than that ? 
 this was going to be even easier than she 'd anticipated . 
 `` next question . 
 do you think about me while you 're gone ? '' 
 silence . 
 thick , heavy . 
 wait . 
 she could hear him breathing . 
 in , out , harsh , shallow . 
 he was panting . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes , '' she said , grinning . 
 `` but since you really did n't answer , i do n't have to add the other shoe . '' 
 again , he did n't reply . 
 thankfully , he did n't leave , either . 
 `` onward and upward . 
 are angels allowed to dally ? '' 
 `` yes , but they rarely want to , '' he rasped . 
 so she 'd been right . 
 he did n't have firsthand knowledge of desire . 
 what he was now feeling had to be confusing him , then . 
 was that why he 'd brought her here ? 
 because he 'd seen her and wanted her , but had n't known how to handle what he was feeling ? 
 the thought was almost ... flattering . 
 in a stalkerish kind of way , of course . 
 that did n't change her plans , however . 
 she would seduce him-and then she would slice his heart in two . 
 a symbolic gesture , really . 
 an inside joke between them . 
 well , for herself . 
 he might not get it . 
 still , she could n't deny that she liked the idea of being his first . 
 none of the women after her would compare , of course , and that-hey , wait . 
 once he tasted the bliss of the flesh , he would want more . 
 bianka would have escaped him and stabbed him-and he would have recovered because he was an immortal-by then . 
 he could go to any other female he desired . 
 he would kiss and touch that female . 
 `` i 'm waiting , '' he snapped . 
 `` for ? '' 
 she snapped back . 
 her hands were clenched , her nails cutting her palms . 
 he could be with anyone ; it would n't bother her . 
 they were enemies . 
 someone else could deal with his neanderthal tendencies . 
 but gods , she might just kill the next woman who warmed his bed out of spite . 
 not jealousy . 
 `` i answered one of your questions . 
 you must add a garment to your body . 
 panties would be nice . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 'd like the other shoe to appear , please . '' 
 a moment later , her other foot was covered . 
 `` back to business . 
 did you return so that i 'd kiss you again ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` too bad . 
 i wanted to taste you again . 
 i wanted to touch you again . 
 maybe let you touch me this time . 
 i 've been aching since you left me . 
 had to bring myself to climax twice just to cool the fever . 
 but do n't worry , i imagined it was you . 
 i imagined stripping you , licking you , sucking you into my mouth . 
 mmm , i 'm so - '' `` stop ! '' 
 he croaked out , spinning to face her . 
 `` stop . '' 
 his eyes , which she 'd once thought were black and emotionless , were now bright as a morning sky , his pupils blown with the intensity of his desire . 
 but rather than stalk to her , grab her and smash his body into hers , he held out his hand , fingers splayed . 
 a fiery sword formed from the air , yellow-gold flames flickering all around it . 
 `` stop , '' he commanded again . 
 `` i do not want to hurt you , but i will if you persist with this foolishness . '' 
 that layer of truth had returned to his voice . 
 far from intimidating her , his forcefulness excited her . 
 i thought you did n't like his neanderthal tendencies . 
 oh , shut up . 
 bianka leaned back , resting her weight against her elbows . 
 `` does lysandy like to play rough ? 
 should i be wearing black leather ? 
 or is this a game of bad cop , naughty criminal ? 
 should i strip for my body-cavity search ? '' 
 he stalked to the edge of the bed , his thick legs encasing her smaller ones , pressing her knees together . 
 he was hard as a rock , his robe jutting forward . 
 those golden flames still flickering around the sword both highlighted his face and cast shadows , giving him a menacing aura . 
 just then , he was both angel and demon . 
 a mix of good and evil . 
 savior and executioner . 
 her wings fluttered frantically , readying for battle-even as her skin tingled for pleasure . 
 she could be across the room before he moved even a fraction of an inch . 
 still . 
 she had trouble catching her breath ; it was like ice in her lungs . 
 and yet her blood was hot as his sword . 
 this mix of emotions was odd . 
 `` you are worse than i anticipated , '' he snarled . 
 if this progressed the way she hoped , he would be very happy about that one day . 
 but she said , `` then let me go . 
 you 'll never have to see me again . '' 
 `` and that will purge you from my mind ? 
 that will stop the wondering and the craving ? 
 no , it will only make them worse . 
 you will give yourself to others , kiss them the way you kissed me , rub against them the way you rubbed against me , and i will want to kill them when they will have done nothing wrong . '' 
 what a confession ! 
 and she 'd thought her blood hot before ... `` then take me , '' she suggested huskily . 
 she traced her tongue over her lips , slow and measured . 
 his gaze followed . 
 `` it 'll feel sooo good , i promise . '' 
 `` and discover if you are as soft and wet as you appear ? 
 spend the rest of eternity in bed with you , a slave to my body ? 
 no , that , too , will only make my cravings worse . '' 
 oh , angel . 
 you should n't have admitted that . 
 a slave to his body ? 
 if that was his fear , he more than craved her . 
 he was falling . 
 hard . 
 and now that she knew how much he wanted her ... he was as good as hers . 
 `` if you 're going to kill me , '' she said , swirling a fingertip around her navel , `` kill me with pleasure . '' 
 he stopped breathing . 
 she sat up , closing the rest of the distance between them . 
 still he did n't strike . 
 she flattened her palms on his chest . 
 his ni ** les were as beaded as hers . 
 he closed his eyes , as if the sight of her , looking up at him through the thick shield of her lashes , was too much to bear . 
 `` i 'll let you in on a little secret , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm softer and wetter than i appear . '' 
 was that a moan ? 
 and if so , had it come from him ? 
 or her ? 
 touching him like this was affecting her , too . 
 all this strength at her fingertips was heady . 
 knowing this gorgeous warrior wanted her-her , and no other-was even headier . 
 but knowing she was the very first to tempt him , and so strongly , was the ultimate aphrodisiac . 
 `` bianka . '' 
 oh , yes . 
 a moan . 
 `` but if you 'd like , we can just lie next to each other . '' 
 said the spider to the fly . 
 `` we do n't have to touch . 
 we do n't have to kiss . 
 we 'll lie there and think about all the things we dislike about each other and maybe build up an immunity . 
 maybe we 'll stop wanting to touch and to kiss . '' 
 never had she told such a blatant lie , and she 'd told some big ones over the centuries . 
 part of her expected him to call her on it . 
 the other part of her expected him to grasp on to the silly suggestion like a lifeline . 
 use it as an excuse to finally take what he wanted . 
 because if he did this , simply lay next to her , one temptation would lead to another . 
 he would n't be thinking about the things he disliked about her-he would be thinking about the things he could be doing to her body . 
 he would feel her heat , smell her arousal . 
 he 'd want-need-more from her . 
 and she 'd be right there , ready and willing to give it to him . 
 she fisted his robe and gently tugged him toward her . 
 `` it 's worth a try , do n't you think ? 
 anything 's worth a try to make this madness stop . '' 
 when they were nose to nose , his breath trickling over her face , his gaze fastened on her lips , she began to ease backward . 
 he followed , offering no resistance . 
 `` want to know one of the things i dislike about you ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` you know , to help get us started . '' 
 he nodded , as if he were too entranced to speak . 
 she decided to push a little faster than anticipated . 
 he already seemed ready for more . 
 `` that you 're not on top of me . '' 
 just a little more persuasion , and that would be remedied . 
 just a little ... `` how amazing would it feel to be that close ? '' 
 `` lysander , '' an unfamiliar female voice suddenly called . 
 `` are you here ? '' 
 who the hell ? 
 bianka scowled . 
 lysander straightened , jerking away from her as if she had just sprouted horns . 
 he stepped back , disengaging from her completely . 
 but he was trembling , and not from anger . 
 `` ignore her , '' she said . 
 `` we have important business to attend to . '' 
 `` lysander ? '' 
 the woman called again . 
 damn her , whoever she was ! 
 his expression cleared , melted to steel . 
 `` not another word from you , '' he barked , backing away . 
 `` you tried to lure me into bed with you . 
 i do n't think you meant to make me dislike you at all . 
 i think you meant to - '' a low snarl erupted from his throat . 
 `` you are not to try such a thing with me again . 
 if you do , i will finally cleave your head from your body . '' 
 well , this battle was clearly over . 
 not one to give up , however , she tried a different strategy . 
 `` so you 're going to leave again ? 
 coward ! 
 well , go ahead . 
 leave me helpless and bored . 
 but you know what ? 
 when i 'm bored , bad things happen . 
 and next time you come back here , i just might throw myself at you . 
 my hands will be all over you . 
 you wo n't be able to pry me off ! '' 
 `` lysander , '' the girl called again . 
 he ground his teeth . 
 `` return to your cloud , '' he threw over his shoulder . 
 `` i will meet you there . '' 
 he was going to meet another girl ? 
 at her cloud ? 
 alone , private ? 
 oh , hell , no . 
 bianka had n't worked him into a frenzy so that someone else could reap the reward . 
 before she could inform him of that , however , he said , `` give bianka whatever she wants . '' 
 talking to his own cloud , apparently . 
 `` anything but escape and more of those ... outfits . '' 
 his gaze intensified on her . 
 `` that should stave off the boredom . 
 but i only agree to this on the condition that you vow to keep your hands to yourself . '' 
 anything she wanted ? 
 she did n't allow herself to grin , the girl forgotten in the face of this victory . 
 `` done . '' 
 `` and so it is , '' he said , then spun and stalked from the room . 
 his wings expanded in a rush , and he disappeared before she could follow . 
 but then , there was no need to follow him . 
 not now . 
 he had no idea that he 'd just ensured his own downfall . 
 whatever she wants , he 'd said . 
 she laughed . 
 she did n't need to touch him or wear lingerie to win their next battle . 
 she just needed his return . 
 because then , he would become her prisoner . 
 chapter five he 'd almost given in . 
 lysander could not believe how quickly he 'd almost given in to bianka . 
 one sultry glance from her , one invitation , and he 'd forgotten his purpose . 
 it was shameful . 
 and yet , it was not shame that he felt . 
 it was more of that strange disappointment-disappointment that he 'd been interrupted!standing before bianka , breathing in her wicked scent , feeling the heat of her body , all he 'd been able to recall was the decadent taste of her . 
 he 'd wanted more . 
 wanted to finally touch her skin . 
 skin that had glowed with health , reflecting all those rainbow shards . 
 she 'd wanted that , too , he was sure of it . 
 the more aroused she 'd become , the brighter those colors had glowed . 
 unless that was a trick ? 
 what did he truly know of women and desire ? 
 she was worse than a demon , he thought . 
 she 'd known exactly how to entrance him . 
 those naked photos had nearly dropped him to his knees . 
 never had he seen anything so lovely . 
 her br ** sts , high and plump . 
 her stomach , flat . 
 her navel , perfectly dipped . 
 her thighs , firm and smooth . 
 then , being asked to lie beside her and think of what he disliked about her ... both had been temptations , and both had been irresistible . 
 he 'd known his resolve was crumbling and had wanted to rebuild it . 
 and how better to rebuild than to ponder all the things he disliked about the woman ? 
 but if he had lain next to her , he would not have thought of what he disliked-things he could n't seem to recall then or now . 
 he might have even thought about what he liked about her . 
 she was brilliant . 
 she 'd had him . 
 he 'd never desired a demon . 
 had never secretly liked bad behavior . 
 yet bianka excited him in a way he could not have predicted . 
 so , what did he like most about her at the moment ? 
 that she was willing to do anything , say anything , to tempt him . 
 he liked that she had no inhibitions . 
 he liked that she gazed up at him with longing in those beautiful eyes . 
 how would she look at him if he actually kissed her again ? 
 kissed more than her mouth ? 
 how would she look at him if he actually touched her ? 
 caressed that skin ? 
 he suddenly found himself wanting to watch mortals and immortals alike more intently , gauging their reactions to each other . 
 man and woman , desire to desire . 
 just the thought of doing so caused his body to react the way it had done with bianka . 
 hardening , tightening . 
 burning , craving . 
 his eyes widened . 
 that , too , had never happened before . 
 he was letting her win , he realized , even though there was distance between them . 
 he was letting his one temptation destroy him , bit by bit . 
 something had to be done about bianka , since his current plan was clearly failing . 
 `` lysander ? '' 
 his charge 's voice drew him from his dark musings . 
 `` yes , sweet ? '' 
 olivia 's head tilted to the side , her burnished curls bouncing . 
 they stood inside her cloud , flowers of every kind scattered across the floor , on the walls , even dripping from the ceiling . 
 her eyes , as blue as the sky , regarded him intently . 
 `` you have n't been listening to me , have you ? '' 
 `` no , '' he admitted . 
 truth had always been his most cherished companion . 
 that would not change now . 
 `` my apologies . '' 
 `` you are forgiven , '' she said with a grin as sweet as her flowers . 
 with her , it was that easy . 
 always . 
 no matter how big or small the crime , olivia could n't hold a grudge . 
 perhaps that was why she was so treasured among their people . 
 everyone loved her . 
 what would other angels think of bianka ? 
 no doubt they would be horrified by her . 
 he was horrified . 
 i thought you were not going to lie ? 
 even to yourself . 
 he scowled . 
 unlike the forgiving olivia , he suspected bianka would hold a grudge for a lifetime-and somehow take that grudge beyond the grave . 
 for some reason , his scowl faded and his lips twitched at the thought . 
 why would that amuse him ? 
 grudges were born of anger , and anger was an ugly thing . 
 except , perhaps , on bianka . 
 would she erupt with the same amount of unrelenting passion she brought to the bedroom ? 
 probably . 
 would she want to be kissed from her anger , as well ? 
 the thought of kissing her until she was happy again did not delight him . 
 usually he dealt with other people 's anger the way he dealt with everything else . 
 with total unconcern . 
 it was not his job to make people feel a certain way . 
 they were responsible for their own emotions , just as he was responsible for his . 
 not that he experienced many . 
 over the years , he 'd simply seen too much to be bothered . 
 until bianka . 
 `` lysander ? '' 
 olivia 's voice once more jerked him from his mind . 
 his hands fisted . 
 he 'd locked bianka away , yet she was still managing to change him . 
 oh , yes . 
 his current plan was failing . 
 why could n't he have desired someone like sweet olivia ? 
 it would have made his endless life much easier . 
 as he 'd told bianka , desire was n't forbidden , but not many of their kind ever experienced it . 
 those that did only wanted other angels and often wed their chosen partner . 
 except in storybooks , he had never heard of an angel pairing with a different race-much less a demon . '' 
 - you go again , '' olivia said . 
 he blinked , hands fisting all the tighter . 
 `` again , i apologize . 
 i will be more diligent the rest of our conversation . '' 
 he would make sure of it . 
 she offered him another grin , though this one lacked her usual ease . 
 `` i only asked what was bothering you . '' 
 she folded her wings around herself and plucked at the feathers , carefully avoiding the strands of gold . 
 `` you 're so unlike yourself . '' 
 that made two of them . 
 something was troubling her ; sadness had never layered her voice before , yet now it did . 
 determined to help her , he summoned two chairs , one for him and one for her , and they sat across from each other . 
 her robe plumed around her as she released her wings and twined her fingers together in her lap . 
 leaning forward , he rested his weight on his elbows . 
 `` let us talk about you first . 
 how goes your mission ? '' 
 he asked . 
 only that could be the cause . 
 olivia found joy in all things . 
 that 's why she was so good at her job . 
 or rather , her former job . 
 because of him , she was now something she did n't want to be . 
 a warrior angel . 
 but it was for the best , and he did not regret the decision to change her station . 
 like him , she 'd become too fascinated with someone she should n't . 
 better to end that now , before the fascination ruined her . 
 she licked her lips and looked away from him . 
 `` that 's actually what i wanted to speak with you about . '' 
 a tremor shook her . 
 `` i do n't think i can do it , lysander . '' 
 the words emerged as a tortured whisper . 
 `` i do n't think i can kill aeron . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , though he knew what she would say . 
 but unlike bianka , aeron had broken a heavenly law , so there could be no locking him away and leading him to a righteous path . 
 if olivia failed to destroy the demon-possessed male , another angel would be tasked with doing so-and olivia would be punished for her refusal . 
 she would be cast out of the heavens , her immortality stripped , her wings ripped from her back . 
 `` he has n't hurt anyone since his blood-curse was removed , '' she said , and he heard the underlying beseeching . 
 `` he helped one of lucifer 's minions escape hell . '' 
 `` her name is legion . 
 and yes , aeron did that . 
 but he ensures the little demon stays away from most humans . 
 those she does interact with , she treats with kindness . 
 well , her version of kindness . '' 
 `` that does n't change the fact that aeron helped the creature escape . '' 
 olivia 's shoulders sagged , though she in no way appeared defeated . 
 determination gleamed in her eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 but he 's so ... nice . '' 
 lysander barked out a laugh . 
 he just could n't help himself . 
 `` we are speaking of a lord of the underworld , yes ? 
 the one whose entire body is tattooed with violent , bloody images no less ? 
 that is the male you call nice ? '' 
 `` not all of the etchings are violent , '' she mumbled , offended for some reason . 
 `` two are butterflies . '' 
 for her to have found the butterflies amid the skeletal faces decorating the man 's body meant she 'd studied him intently . 
 lysander sighed . 
 `` have you ... felt anything for him ? '' 
 physically ? 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked , but rosy color bloomed on her cheeks . 
 she had , then . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he scrubbed a hand down his suddenly tired face . 
 `` do you like your home , olivia ? '' 
 she blanched at that , as if she knew the direction he was headed . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` do you like your wings ? 
 do you like your lack of pain , no matter the injury sustained ? 
 do you like the robe you wear ? 
 a robe that cleans itself and you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she replied softly . 
 she gazed down at her hands . 
 `` you know i do . '' 
 `` and you know that you will lose all of that and more if you fail to do your duty . '' 
 the words were harsh , meant for himself as much as for her . 
 tears sprang into her eyes . 
 `` i just hoped you could convince the council to rescind their order to execute him . '' 
 `` i will not even try . '' 
 honest , he reminded himself . 
 he had to be honest . 
 which he preferred . 
 or had . 
 `` rules are put into place for a reason , whether we agree with those reasons or not . 
 i have been around a long time , have seen the world-ours , theirs-plunged into darkness and chaos . 
 and do you know what ? 
 that darkness and chaos always sprang from one broken rule . 
 just one . 
 because when one is broken , another soon follows . 
 then another . 
 it becomes a vicious cycle . '' 
 a moment passed as she absorbed his words . 
 then she sighed , nodded . 
 `` very well . '' 
 words of acceptance uttered in a tone that was anything but . 
 `` you will do your duty ? '' 
 what he was really asking : will you slay aeron , keeper of wrath , whether you want to or not ? 
 lysander was n't asking more of her than he had done himself . 
 he was n't asking what he would n't do himself . 
 another nod . 
 one of those tears slid down her cheek . 
 he reached out and captured the glistening drop with the tip of his finger . 
 `` your compassion is admirable , but it will destroy you if you allow it so much power over you . '' 
 she waved the prediction away . 
 perhaps because she did not believe it , or perhaps because she believed it but had no plans to change and therefore did n't want to discuss it anymore . 
 `` so who was the woman in your home ? 
 the one in the portraits ? '' 
 he ... blushed ? 
 yes , that was the heat spreading over his cheeks . 
 `` my ... '' how should he explain bianka ? 
 how could he , without lying ? 
 `` lover ? '' 
 she finished for him . 
 his cheeks flushed with more of that heat . 
 `` no . '' 
 maybe . 
 no ! 
 `` she is my captive . '' 
 there . 
 truthful without giving away any details . 
 `` and now , '' he said , standing . 
 if she could end a subject , so could he . 
 `` i must return to her before she causes any more trouble . '' 
 he must deal with her . 
 once and for all . 
 olivia remained in place long after lysander left . 
 had that blushing , uncertain , distracted man truly been her mentor ? 
 she 'd known him for centuries , and he 'd always been unflappable . 
 even in the heat of battle . 
 the woman was responsible , she was sure . 
 lysander had never kept one in his cloud before . 
 did he feel for her what olivia felt for aeron?aeron . 
 just thinking his name sent a shiver down her spine , filling her with a need to see him . 
 and just like that , she was on her feet , her wings outstretched . 
 `` i wish to leave , '' she said , and the floor softened , turning to mist . 
 down she fell , wings flapping gracefully . 
 she was careful to avoid eye contact with the other angels flying through the sky as she headed into budapest . 
 they knew her destination ; they even knew what she did there . 
 some watched her with pity , some with concern-as lysander had . 
 some watched her with antipathy . 
 by avoiding their gazes , she ensured no one would stop her and try and talk sense into her . 
 she ensured she would n't have to lie . 
 something she hated to do . 
 lies tasted disgustingly bitter . 
 long ago , during her training , lysander had commanded her to tell a lie . 
 she would never forget the vile flood of acid in her mouth the moment she 'd obeyed . 
 never again did she wish to experience such a thing . 
 but to be with aeron ... maybe . 
 his dark , menacing fortress was perched high on a mountain and finally came into view . 
 her heart rate increased exponentially . 
 because she existed on another plane , she was able to drift through the stone walls as if they were not even there . 
 soon she was standing inside aeron 's bedroom . 
 he was polishing a gun . 
 his little demon friend , legion , the one he 'd helped escape from hell , was darting and writhing around him , a pink boa twirling with her . 
 `` dance with me , '' the creature beseeched . 
 that was dancing ? 
 that kind of heaving was what humans did as they were dying . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 've got to patrol the town tonight , searching for hunters . '' 
 hunters , sworn enemy of the lords . 
 they hoped to find pandora 's box and draw the demons out of the immortal warriors , killing each man . 
 the lords , in turn , hoped to find pandora 's box and destroy it-the same way they hoped to destroy the hunters . 
 `` me hate huntersss , '' legion said , `` but we needsss practice for doubtie ` sss wedding . '' 
 `` i wo n't be dancing at sabin 's wedding , therefore practice is n't necessary . '' 
 legion stilled , frowned . 
 `` but we dance at the wedding . 
 like a couple . '' 
 her thin lips curved downward . 
 was she ... pouting ? 
 `` pleassse . 
 we ssstill got time to practice . 
 dark not come for hoursss . '' 
 `` as soon as i finish cleaning my weapons , i have to run an errand for paris . '' 
 paris , olivia knew , was keeper of promiscuity and had to bed a new woman every day or he would weaken and die . 
 but paris was depressed and not taking proper care of himself , so aeron , who felt responsible for the warrior , procured females for him . 
 `` we 'll dance another time , i promise . '' 
 aeron did n't glance up from his task . 
 `` but we 'll do it here , in the privacy of my room . '' 
 i want to dance with him , too , olivia thought . 
 what was it like , pressing your body against someone else 's ? 
 someone strong and hot and sinfully beautiful ? 
 `` but , aeron ... '' `` i 'm sorry , sweetheart . 
 i do these things because they 're necessary to keep you safe . '' 
 olivia tucked her wings into her back . 
 aeron needed to take time for himself . 
 he was always on the go , fighting hunters , traveling the world in search of pandora 's box and aiding his friends . 
 as much as she watched him , she knew he rarely rested and never did anything simply for the joy of it . 
 she reached out , meaning to ghost a hand through aeron 's hair . 
 but suddenly the scaled , fanged creature screeched , `` no , no , no , '' clearly sensing olivia 's presence . 
 in a blink , legion was gone . 
 stiffening , aeron growled low in his throat . 
 `` i told you not to return . '' 
 though he could n't see olivia , he , too , always seemed to know when she arrived . 
 and he hated her for scaring his friend away . 
 but she could n't help it . 
 angels were demon assassins and the minion must sense the menace in her . 
 `` leave , '' he commanded . 
 `` no , '' she replied , but he could n't hear her . 
 he returned the clip to his weapon and set it beside his bed . 
 scowling , he stood . 
 his violet eyes narrowed as he searched the bedroom for any hint of her . 
 sadly , it was a hint he would never find . 
 olivia studied him . 
 his hair was cropped to his scalp , dark little spikes barely visible . 
 he was so tall he dwarfed her , his shoulders so wide they could have enveloped her . 
 with the tattoos decorating his skin , he was the fiercest creature she 'd ever beheld . 
 maybe that was why he drew her so intensely . 
 he was passion and danger , willing to do anything to save the ones he loved . 
 most immortals put their own needs above everyone else 's . 
 aeron put everyone else 's above his own . 
 that he did so never failed to shock her . 
 and she was supposed to destroy him ? 
 she was supposed to end his life ? 
 `` i 'm told you 're an angel , '' he said . 
 how had he known what-the demon , she realized . 
 legion might not be able to see her , either , but as she 'd already realized , the little demon knew danger when she encountered it . 
 plus , whenever legion left him , she returned to hell . 
 fiery walls that could no longer confine her but could welcome her any time she wished . 
 olivia 's lack of success had to be a great source of amusement to that region 's inhabitants . 
 `` if you are an angel , you should know that wo n't stop me from cutting you down if you dare try and harm legion . '' 
 once again , he was thinking of another 's welfare rather than his own . 
 he did n't know that olivia did n't need to bother with legion . 
 that once aeron was dead , legion 's bond to him would wither and she would again be chained to hell . 
 olivia closed the distance between them , her steps tentative . 
 she stopped only when she was a whisper away . 
 his nostrils flared as if he knew what she 'd done , but he did n't move . 
 wishful thinking on her part , she knew . 
 unless she fell , he would never see her , never smell her , never hear her . 
 she reached up and cupped his jaw with her hands . 
 how she wished she could feel him . 
 unlike lysander , who was of the elite , she could not materialize into this plane . 
 only her weapon would . 
 a weapon she would forge from air , its heavenly flames far hotter than those in hell . 
 a weapon that would remove aeron 's head from his body in a mere blink of time . 
 `` i 'm told you 're female , '' he added , his tone hard , harsh . 
 as always . 
 `` but that wo n't stop me from cutting you down , either . 
 because , and here 's something you need to know , when i want something , i do n't let anything stand in the way of my getting it . '' 
 olivia shivered , but not for the reasons aeron probably hoped . 
 such determination ... i should leave before i aggravate him even more . 
 with a sigh , she spread her wings and leapt , out of the fortress and into the sky . 
 chapter six `` you , cloud , belong to me , '' bianka said . 
 that was not an attempt to escape , nor another sexy outfit , therefore it was acceptable . 
 `` lysander gave you to me , so as long as i do n't touch him , i get what i want . 
 and i want you . 
 i want you to obey me , not him . 
 therefore , you have to heed my commands rather than his . 
 if i tell you to do something and he tells you not to , you still have to do it . 
 that 's what i want . '' 
 and oh , baby , this was going to be fun.the more she thought about it , the happier she was that she could n't touch lysander again . 
 really . 
 seducing-or rather , trying to seduce-him had been a mistake . 
 she 'd basically ended up seducing herself . 
 his heat ... his scent ... his strength ... give . 
 me . 
 more . 
 now , all she could think about was getting his weight back on top of her . 
 about how she wanted to teach him where she liked to be touched . 
 once he 'd gotten the hang of kissing , he 'd teased and tantalized her mouth with the skill of a master . 
 it would be the same with lovemaking . 
 she would lick each and every one of his muscles . 
 she would hear him moan over and over again as he licked her . 
 how could she want those things from her enemy ? 
 how could she forget , even for a moment , how he 'd locked her away ? 
 maybe because he was a challenge . 
 a sexy , tempting , frustrating challenge . 
 did n't matter , though . 
 she was done playing the role of sweet , horny prisoner . 
 she still could n't kill him ; she 'd be stuck here for eternity . 
 which meant she 'd have to make him want to get rid of her . 
 and now , as master of this cloud , she would have no problem doing so . 
 she could hardly wait to begin . 
 if he stuck to past behavior , he 'd be gone for a week . 
 he 'd return to `` check on '' her . 
 operation cry like a baby could begin . 
 tomorrow she 'd plan the specifics and set the stage . 
 a few ideas were already percolating . 
 like tying him to a chair in front of a stripper pole . 
 like enforcing naked tuesdays . 
 chuckling , she propped herself against the bed 's headboard , yawned and closed her eyes . 
 `` i 'd like to hold a bowl of lysander 's grapes , '' she said , and felt a cool porcelain bowl instantly press atop her stomach . 
 without opening her eyes , she popped one of the fruits into her mouth , chewed . 
 gods , she was tired . 
 she had n't rested properly since she 'd gotten here-or even before . 
 she could n't . 
 there were no trees to climb , no leaves to hide in . 
 and even if she summoned one , lysander could easily find her if he returned early - wait . 
 no . 
 no , he would n't . 
 not if she summoned hundreds of them . 
 and if he dismissed all the trees , she would fall , which would awaken her . 
 he would not be able to take her unaware . 
 chuckling again , bianka pried her eyelids apart . 
 she polished off the grapes , scooted from the bed and stood . 
 `` replace the furniture with trees . 
 hundreds of big , thick , green trees . '' 
 in the snap of her fingers , the cloud resembled a forest . 
 ivy twined around stumps and dew dripped from leaves . 
 flowers of every color bloomed , petals floating from them and dancing to the ground . 
 she gaped at the beauty . 
 nothing on earth compared . 
 if only her sisters could see this . 
 her sisters . 
 winning a game or not , she missed them more with every second that passed . 
 lysander would pay for that , too . 
 she yawned again . 
 when she attempted to climb the nearest oak , her lingerie snagged on the bark . 
 she straightened , scowled-reminded once again of the way her dark angel had stalked to her , leaned into her , hot breath trekking over her skin . 
 `` i want to wear a camo tank and army fatigues . '' 
 the moment she was dressed , she scaled to the highest bough , fluttering wings giving her speed and agility , and reclined on a fat branch , peering up into a lovely star-sprinkled sky . 
 `` i 'd like a bottle of lysander 's wine , please . '' 
 her fingers were clutching a flagon of dry red a second later . 
 she would have preferred a cheap white , but whatever . 
 hard times called for sacrifices , and she drained the bottle in record time . 
 just as she summoned a second , she heard lysander shout , `` bianka ! '' 
 she blinked in confusion . 
 either she 'd been up here longer than she 'd thought or she was hallucinating . 
 why could n't she have imagined a lord of the underworld ? 
 she wondered disgustedly . 
 oh , oh . 
 how cool would it be if lysander oil-wrestled a lord ? 
 they 'd be wearing loincloths , of course , and smiles . 
 but nothing else . 
 and she could totally have that ! 
 this was her cloud , after all . 
 she and lysander were now playing by her rules . 
 and , because she was in charge , he could n't rescind his command that she be obeyed without her permission . 
 at least , she prayed that was the way this would work . 
 `` remove the trees , '' she heard him snap . 
 she waited , unable to breathe , but the trees remained . 
 he could n't ! 
 grinning , she jolted upright and clapped . 
 she 'd been right , then . 
 this cloud belonged to her . 
 `` remove . 
 the . 
 trees . '' 
 again , they remained . 
 `` bianka ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` show yourself . '' 
 anticipation flooded her as she jumped down . 
 a quick scan of her surroundings revealed that he was n't nearby . 
 `` take me to him . '' 
 she blinked and found herself standing in front of him . 
 he 'd been shoving his way through the foliage and when he spotted her , he stopped . 
 he clutched that sword of fire . 
 she backed away , remaining out of reach . 
 no touching . 
 she would n't forget . 
 `` that for me ? '' 
 she asked , motioning to the weapon with a tilt of her chin . 
 she 'd never been so excited in her life and even the sight of that weapon did n't dampen the emotion . 
 a vein bulged in his temples . 
 she 'd take that for a yes . 
 `` naughty boy . '' 
 he 'd come to kill her , she thought , swaying a little . 
 that was something else to punish him for . 
 `` you 're back early . '' 
 his gaze raked her newest outfit , his pupils dilated and his nostrils flared . 
 his mouth , however , curled in distaste . 
 `` and you are drunk . '' 
 `` how dare you accuse me of such a thing ! '' 
 she tried for a harsh expression , but ruined it when she laughed . 
 `` i 'm just tipsy . '' 
 `` what did you do to my cloud ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest , the picture of stubborn male . 
 `` why wo n't the trees disappear ? '' 
 `` first , you 're wrong . 
 this is no longer your cloud . 
 second , the trees will only leave if i tell them to leave . 
 which i am . 
 leave , pretty trees , leave . '' 
 another laugh . 
 `` oh my gods . 
 i said leave to a tree . 
 i 'm a poet and i did n't know it . '' 
 instantly , there was nothing surrounding her and lysander but glorious white mist . 
 `` third , you 're not going anywhere without my permission . 
 did you hear that , cloud ? 
 he stays . 
 fourth , you 're wearing too many clothes . 
 i want you in a loincloth , minus the weapon . '' 
 his sword was suddenly gone . 
 his eyes widened as his robe disappeared and a flesh-colored loincloth appeared . 
 bianka tried not to gape . 
 and she 'd thought the forest gorgeous . 
 wow . 
 just ... wow . 
 his body was a work of art . 
 he possessed more muscles than she 'd realized . 
 his biceps were perfectly proportioned . 
 rope after rope lined his stomach . 
 and his thighs were ridged , his skin sun-kissed . 
 `` this cloud is mine , and i demand the return of my robe . '' 
 his voice was so low , so harsh , it scraped against her eardrums . 
 the sweet sound of victory , she thought . 
 he remained exactly as she 'd requested . 
 laughing , she twirled , arms splayed wide . 
 `` is n't this fabulous ? '' 
 he stalked toward her , menace in every step . 
 `` no , no , no . '' 
 she danced out of reach . 
 `` we ca n't have that . 
 i want you in a large tub of oil . '' 
 and just like that , he was trapped inside a tub . 
 clear oil rose to his calves , and he stared down in horror . 
 `` how do you like having your will overlooked ? '' 
 she taunted . 
 his gaze lifted , met hers , narrowed . 
 `` i will not fight you in this . '' 
 `` silly man . 
 of course you wo n't . 
 you 'll fight ... '' she tapped her chin with a fingernail . 
 `` let 's see , let 's see . 
 amun ? 
 no . 
 he wo n't speak and i 'd like to hear some cursing . 
 strider ? 
 as keeper of defeat , he 'd ensure you lost to prevent himself from feeling pain , but that would be an intense battle and i 'm just wanting something to amuse me . 
 you know , something light and sexy . 
 i mean , since i ca n't touch you , i want a lord to do it for me . '' 
 lysander popped his jaw . 
 `` do not do this , bianka . 
 you will not like the consequences . '' 
 `` now that 's just sad , '' she said . 
 `` i 've been here two weeks , but you do n't know me at all . 
 of course i 'll like the consequences . '' 
 torin , keeper of disease ? 
 watching him fight torin would be fun , 'cause then he 'd catch that black plague . 
 or would he ? 
 could angels get sick ? 
 she sighed . 
 `` paris will have to do , i guess . 
 he 's handsy , so that works in my favor . '' 
 `` do n't you dare - '' `` cloud , place paris , keeper of promiscuity , into the tub with lysander . '' 
 when paris appeared a moment later , she clapped . 
 paris was tall and just as muscled as lysander . 
 only he had black hair streaked with brown and gold , his eyes were electric blue and his face perfect enough to make her weep from its beauty . 
 too bad he did n't stir her body the way lysander did . 
 making out with him in front of the angel would have been fun . 
 `` bianka ? '' 
 paris looked from her to the angel , the angel to her . 
 `` where am i ? 
 is this some ambrosia-induced hallucination ? 
 what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` for one thing , you 're overdressed . 
 you should only be wearing a loincloth like lysander . '' 
 his t-shirt and jeans were instantly replaced with said loincloth . 
 best . 
 day . 
 ever . 
 `` paris , i 'd like you to meet lysander , the angel who abducted me and has been holding me prisoner up here in heaven . '' 
 instantly paris morphed from confusion to fury . 
 `` return my weapons and i 'll kill him for you . '' 
 `` you are such a sweetie , '' she said , flattening a hand over her heart . 
 `` why is it we have n't slept together yet ? '' 
 lysander snarled low in his throat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked him , all innocence . 
 `` he wants to save me . 
 you want to subjugate me for the rest of my long life . 
 but anyway , let me finish the introductions . 
 lysander , i 'd like you to meet - '' `` i know who he is . 
 promiscuity . '' 
 disgust layered lysander 's voice . 
 `` he must bed a new woman every day or he weakens . '' 
 another grin lifted the corners of her lips , this one smug . 
 `` actually , he can bed men , too . 
 his demon 's not picky . 
 i do hope you 'll keep that in mind while you guys are rubbing up against each other . '' 
 lysander took a menacing step toward her . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 paris demanded again , glowering now . 
 bianka knew he was picky even if his demon was n't . 
 `` oh , did n't i tell you ? 
 lysander gave me control of his home , so now i get whatever i want and i want you guys to wrestle . 
 and when you 're done , you 'll find kaia and tell her what 's happened , that i 'm trapped with a stubborn angel and ca n't leave . 
 well , i ca n't leave until he gets so sick of me he allows the cloud to release me . '' 
 `` or until i kill you , '' he snapped . 
 she laughed . 
 `` or until paris kills you . 
 but i hope you guys will play nice for a little while , at least . 
 do you have any idea how sexy you both are right now ? 
 and if you want to kiss or something while rolling around , do n't let me stop you . '' 
 `` uh , bianka , '' paris began , beginning to look uncomfortable . 
 `` kaia 's in budapest . 
 she 's helping gwen with the wedding , and thinks you 're hiding to get out of your maid of honor duties . '' 
 `` i am not maid of honor , damn it ! '' 
 but at least kaia was n't worried . 
 the bitch , she thought with affection . 
 `` that 's not what she says . 
 anyway , i do n't mind fighting another dude to amuse you , but seriously , he 's an angel . 
 i need to return to - '' `` no need to thank me . '' 
 she held out her hands . 
 `` a bowl of lysander 's popcorn , please . '' 
 the bowl appeared , the scent of butter wafting to her nose . 
 `` now then . 
 let 's get this party started . 
 ding , ding , '' she said , and settled down to watch the battle . 
 chapter seven lysander could not believe what he was being forced to do . 
 he was angry , horrified and , yes , contrite . 
 had n't he done something similar to bianka ? 
 granted , he had n't stripped her down . 
 had n't pitted her against another female . 
 there was the tightening in his groin again.what was wrong with him ? 
 `` i will set you free , '' he told bianka . 
 and sweet holy deity , she looked beautiful . 
 more tempting than when she 'd worn that little bit of nothing . 
 now she wore a green and black tank that bared her golden arms . 
 were those arms as soft as they appeared ? 
 do n't think like that . 
 her shirt stopped just above her navel , making his mouth water , his tongue yearn to dip inside . 
 what did i just say ? 
 do n't think like that . 
 her pants were the same dark shades and hung low on her hips . 
 he 'd come here to fight her , to finally force her hand , and judging by that outfit , she 'd been ready for combat . 
 that ... excited him . 
 not because their bodies would have been in close proximity-really-and not because he could have finally gotten his hands on her-again , really-but because , if she injured him , he would have the right to end her life . 
 finally . 
 but he 'd come here and she 'd taught him a quick yet unforgettable lesson instead . 
 he 'd been wrong to whisk her to his home and hold her captive . 
 temptation or not . 
 she might be his enemy in ways she did n't understand , but he never should have put his will above hers . 
 he should have allowed her to live her life as she saw fit . 
 that 's why he existed in the first place . 
 to protect free will . 
 when this wrestling match ended , he would free her as he 'd promised . 
 he would watch her , though . 
 closely . 
 and when she made a mistake , he would strike her down . 
 and she would . 
 make a mistake , that is . 
 as a harpy , she would n't be able to help herself . 
 he wished it had n't come to that . 
 he wished she could have been happy here with him , learning his ways . 
 the thought of losing her did not sadden him . 
 he would not miss her . 
 she 'd placed him in a vat of oil to wrestle with another man , for lord 's sake . 
 there was suddenly a bitter taste in his mouth . 
 `` bianka , '' he prompted . 
 `` have you no response ? '' 
 `` yes , you will set me free , '' she finally said with a radiant grin . 
 she twirled a strand of that dark-as-night hair around her finger . 
 `` after . 
 now , i do believe i rang the starting bell . '' 
 her words were slightly slurred from the wine she 'd consumed . 
 a drunken menace , that 's what she was . 
 and he would not miss her , he told himself again . 
 the bitterness intensified . 
 a hard weight slammed into him and sent him propelling to his back . 
 his wings caught on the sides of the pool as oil washed over him from head to toe , weighing him down . 
 he grunted , and some of the stuff-cherry-flavored-seeped into his mouth . 
 `` do n't forget to use tongue if you kiss , '' bianka called helpfully . 
 `` you do n't lock women away , '' paris growled down at him , a flash of scales suddenly visible under his skin . 
 eyes red and bright . 
 demon eyes . 
 `` no matter how irritating they are . '' 
 `` your friends did something similar to their women , did they not ? 
 besides , the girl is n't your concern . '' 
 lysander shoved , sending the warrior hurtling to his back . 
 he attempted to use his wings to lift himself , but their movements were slow and sluggish so all he could do was stand . 
 oil dripped down his face , momentarily shielding his vision . 
 paris shot to his feet , as well , hands fisted , body glistening . 
 `` so . 
 much . 
 fun , '' bianka sang happily . 
 `` enough , '' lysander told her . 
 `` this is unnecessary . 
 you have made your point . 
 i 'm willing to set you free . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' she said . 
 `` it 's unnecessary to fight without music ! '' 
 once again she tapped her chin with a nail , expression thoughtful . 
 `` i know ! 
 we need some lady gaga in this crib . '' 
 a song lysander had never heard before was playing through the cloud a second later . 
 like a siren rising from the sea , bianka began swaying her hips seductively . 
 lysander 's jaw clenched so painfully the bones would probably snap out of place at any moment . 
 clearly there would be no reasoning with bianka . 
 that meant he had to reason with paris . 
 but who would ever have thought he 'd have to bargain with a demon ? 
 `` paris , '' he began-just as a fist connected with his face . 
 his head whipped back . 
 his feet slipped on the slick floor and he tumbled to his side . 
 more of the cherry flavor filled his mouth . 
 paris straddled his shoulders , punched him again . 
 lysander 's lip split . 
 before a single drop of blood could form , however , the wound healed . 
 he frowned . 
 he now had the right to slay the man , but he could n't bring himself to do it . 
 he did not blame paris for this battle ; he blamed bianka . 
 she had forced them into this situation . 
 another punch . 
 `` are you the one who 's been watching aeron ? '' 
 paris demanded . 
 `` hey , now , '' bianka called . 
 no longer did she sound so carefree . 
 `` paris , you are not to use your fists . 
 that 's boxing , not wrestling . '' 
 lysander remained silent , not understanding the difference . 
 a fight was a fight . 
 another punch . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 paris growled . 
 `` paris ! 
 did you hear me ? '' 
 now she sounded angry . 
 `` use your fists like that again and i 'll cut off your head . '' 
 she 'd do it , too , lysander thought , and wondered why she was so upset . 
 could she , perhaps , care for his health ? 
 his eyes widened . 
 was that why she preferred the less intensive wrestling to the more violent boxing ? 
 would she want to do the same to him if he were to punch the lord ? 
 and what would it mean if she did ? 
 how would he feel about that ? 
 `` are you ? '' 
 paris repeated . 
 `` no , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 he worked his legs up , planted his feet on paris 's chest and pressed . 
 but rather than send the warrior flying , his foot slipped and connected with paris 's jaw , then ear , knocking the man 's head back . 
 `` use your hands , angel , '' bianka suggested . 
 `` choke him ! 
 he deserves it for breaking my rules . '' 
 `` bianka , '' paris snapped . 
 he lost his footing and tumbled to his butt . 
 `` i thought you wanted me to destroy him , not the other way around . '' 
 she blinked over at them , brow furrowed . 
 `` i do . 
 i just do n't want you to hurt him . 
 that 's my job . '' 
 paris tangled a hand through his soaked hair . 
 `` sorry , darling , but if this continues , i 'm going to unleash a world of hurt on your frienemy . 
 nothing you say will be able to stop me . 
 clearly , he does n't have your best interests at heart . '' 
 darling ? 
 had the demon-possessed immortal just called bianka darling ? 
 something dark and dangerous flooded lysander-mine echoed through his head-and before he realized what he was doing , he was on top of the warrior , a sword of fire in his hand , raised , descending ... about to meet flesh . 
 a firm hand around his wrist stopped him . 
 warm , smooth skin . 
 his wild gaze whipped to the side . 
 there was bianka , inside the tub , oil glistening off her . 
 how fast she 'd moved . 
 `` you ca n't kill him , '' she said determinedly . 
 `` because you want him , too , '' he snarled . 
 a statement , not a question . 
 rage , so much rage . 
 he did n't know where it was coming from or how to stop the flow . 
 she blinked again , as if the thought had never entered her mind , and that , miraculously , cooled his temper . 
 `` no . 
 because then you would be like me and therefore perfect , '' she said . 
 `` that would n't be fair to the world . '' 
 `` stop talking and fight , damn you , '' paris commanded . 
 a fist connected with lysander 's jaw , tossing him to the side and out of bianka 's reach . 
 he maintained his grip on the sword and even when it dipped into the oil , it did n't lose a single flame . 
 in fact , the oil heated . 
 great . 
 now he was hot-tubbing , as the humans would say . 
 `` what 'd you do that for , you big dummy ? '' 
 bianka did n't wait for paris 's reply but launched herself at him . 
 rather than scratch him or pull his hair , she punched him . 
 over and over again . 
 `` he was n't going to hurt you . '' 
 paris took the beating without retaliating . 
 that saved his life . 
 lysander grabbed the harpy around the waist and hefted her into the hard line of his body . 
 soaked as they both were , he had a difficult time maintaining his grip . 
 she was panting , arms flailing for the demon-possessed warrior , but she did n't try to pull away . 
 `` i 'll teach you to defy me , you rotten piece of shit , '' she growled . 
 paris rolled his eyes . 
 `` send him away , '' lysander commanded . 
 `` not until after i - '' he splayed his fingers , spanning much of her waist . 
 he both rejoiced and cursed that he could n't feel the texture of bianka 's skin through the oil . 
 `` i want to be alone with you . '' 
 `` you-what ? '' 
 `` alone . 
 with you . '' 
 with no hesitation , she said , `` go home , paris . 
 your work here is done . 
 thanks for trying to rescue me . 
 that 's the only reason you 're still alive . 
 oh , and do n't forget to tell my sisters i 'm fine . '' 
 the sputtering lord disappeared . 
 lysander released her , and she spun around to face him . 
 she was now grinning . 
 `` so you want to be alone with me , do you ? '' 
 he ran his tongue over his teeth . 
 `` was that fun for you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 and she was n't ashamed to admit it , he realized . 
 captivating baggage . 
 `` return the cloud to me and i will take you home . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what ? '' 
 her grin slowly faded . 
 `` i thought you wanted to be alone with me . '' 
 `` i do . 
 so that we can conclude our business . '' 
 disappointment , regret , anger and relief played over her features . 
 one step , two , she closed the distance between them . 
 `` well , i 'm not giving you the cloud . 
 that would be stupid . '' 
 `` you have my word that once you return it to me , i will take you home . 
 i know you hear the truth in my claim . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 her shoulders sagged a little . 
 `` so we really would be rid of each other . 
 that 's great , then . '' 
 did she still not believe him ? 
 or ... no , surely not . 
 `` do you want to stay here ? '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 she sucked her bottom lip into her mouth , and her eyes closed for a moment , an expression of pleasure consuming her features . 
 `` mmm , cherries . '' 
 blood ... heating ... her lashes lifted and her gaze locked on him . 
 determination replaced all the other emotions , yet her voice dipped sexily . 
 `` but i know something that tastes even better . '' 
 so did he . 
 her . 
 a tremor slid the length of his spine . 
 `` do not do this , bianka . 
 you will fail . '' 
 he hoped . 
 `` one kiss , '' she beseeched , `` and the cloud is yours . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 hot , so hot . 
 `` you can not be trusted to keep your word . '' 
 `` that 's true . 
 but i want out of this hellhole , so i 'll keep it this time . 
 promise . '' 
 hold your ground . 
 but that was hard to do while his heart was pounding like a hammer against a nail . 
 `` if you wanted out , you would not insist on being kissed . '' 
 her gaze narrowed , as well . 
 `` it 's not like i 'm asking for something you have n't already given me . '' 
 `` why do you want it ? '' 
 he regretted the question immediately . 
 he was prolonging the conversation rather than putting an end to it . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` it 's a goodbye kiss , moron , but never mind . 
 the cloud is yours . 
 i 'll go home and kiss paris hello . 
 that 'll be more fun , anyway . '' 
 there would be no kissing paris ! 
 lysander had his tongue sliding into her mouth before he could convince himself otherwise . 
 his arms even wound around her waist , pulling her closer to him-so close their chests rubbed each time they breathed . 
 her ni ** les were hard , deliciously abrading . 
 `` out of the oil , '' she murmured . 
 `` clean . '' 
 he was still in the loincloth , but his skin was suddenly free of the oil , his feet on soft yet firm mist . 
 the cloud might belong to him once more , but she could still make reasonable demands . 
 bianka tilted her head and took his possession deeper . 
 their tongues dueled and rolled and their teeth scraped . 
 her hands were all over him , no part of him forbidden to her . 
 goodbye , she had said . 
 this was it , then . 
 his last chance to touch her skin . 
 to finally know . 
 yes , he planned to see her again , to watch her from afar , to wait for his chance to rid himself of her permanently , but never again would he allow himself to get this close to her . 
 and he had to know . 
 so he did it . 
 he glided his hands forward , tracing from her lower back to her stomach . 
 there , he flattened his palms , and her muscles quivered . 
 dear deity of light and love . 
 she was softer than he 'd realized . 
 softer than anything else he 'd ever touched . 
 he moaned . 
 have to touch more . 
 up he lifted , remaining under her shirt . 
 warm , smooth , as he 'd already known . 
 still soft , so sweetly soft . 
 her br ** sts overflowed , and his mouth watered for a taste of them . 
 soon , he told himself . 
 then shook his head . 
 this was it ; the last time they would be together . 
 goodbye , pretty br ** sts . 
 he kneaded them . 
 more soft perfection . 
 trembling now , he reached her collarbone . 
 her shoulders . 
 she shivered . 
 still so wonderfully soft . 
 more , more , more , he had to have more . 
 had to touch all of her . 
 `` lysander , '' she gasped out . 
 she dropped to her knees , working at the loincloth before he realized what she was doing . 
 his shaft sprang free , and his hands settled atop her shoulders to push her away . 
 but once he touched that soft skin , he was once again lost to the sensation . 
 perfection , this was perfection . 
 `` going to kiss you now . 
 a different kind of kiss . '' 
 warm , wet heat settled over the hard length of him . 
 another moan escaped him . 
 up , down that wicked mouth rode him . 
 the pleasure ... it was too much , not enough , everything and nothing . 
 in that moment , it was necessary to his survival . 
 his every breath hinged on what she would do next . 
 there would be no pushing her away . 
 she twirled her tongue over the plump head ; her fingers played with his testicles . 
 soon he was arching his hips , thrusting deep into her mouth . 
 he could n't stop moaning , groaning , the gasping breaths leaving him in a constant stream . 
 `` bianka , '' he growled . 
 `` bianka . '' 
 `` that 's the way , baby . 
 give bianka everything . '' 
 `` yes , yes . '' 
 everything . 
 he would give her everything . 
 the sensation was building , his skin tightening , his muscles locking down on his bones . 
 and then something exploded inside him . 
 something hot and wanton . 
 his entire body jerked . 
 seed jetted from him , and she swallowed every drop . 
 finally she pulled away from him , but his body would n't stop shaking . 
 his knees were weak , his limbs nearly uncontrollable . 
 that was pleasure , he realized , dazed . 
 that was passion . 
 that was what human men were willing to die to possess . 
 that was what turned normally sane men into slaves . 
 like i am now . 
 he was bianka 's slave . 
 fool ! 
 you knew this would happen . 
 fight . 
 it was only as she stood and smiled at him tenderly-and he wanted to tug her into his arms and hold on forever-that a measure of sanity stole back into his mind . 
 yes . 
 fight . 
 how could he have allowed her to do that ? 
 how could he still want her ? 
 how could he want to do that to her in return ? 
 how could he ever let her go ? 
 `` bianka , '' he said . 
 he needed a moment to catch his breath . 
 no . 
 he needed to think about what had happened and how they should proceed . 
 no . 
 he tangled a hand in his hair . 
 what should he do ? 
 `` do n't say anything . '' 
 her smile disappeared as if it had never been . 
 `` the cloud is yours . '' 
 her voice trembled with ... fear ? 
 could n't be . 
 she had n't showed a moment of fear since he 'd first abducted her . 
 but she even backed away from him . 
 `` now take me home . 
 please . '' 
 he opened his mouth to reply . 
 what he would say , he did n't know . 
 he only knew he did not like seeing her like that . 
 `` take me home , '' she croaked . 
 he 'd never gone back on his word , and he would n't start now . 
 he nodded stiffly , grabbed her hand , and flew her back to the ice mountain in alaska , exactly as he 'd found her . 
 red coat , tall boots . 
 sensual in a way he had n't understood then . 
 he maintained his grip on her until the last possible second-until she slipped away from him , taking her warmth and the sweet softness of her skin with her . 
 `` i do n't want to see you again . '' 
 mist wafted around her as she turned her back on him . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 she ... what ? 
 after what had happened between them , she was dismissing him ? 
 no , a voice roared inside his head . 
 `` behave , and you will not , '' he gritted out . 
 a lie ? 
 the bitter taste in his mouth had returned . 
 `` good . '' 
 without meeting his gaze , she twisted and blew him a kiss as if she had n't a care in the world . 
 `` i 'd say you were an excellent host , but then , you do n't want me to lie , do you ? '' 
 with that , she strolled away from him , dark hair blowing in the wind . 
 chapter eight first thing bianka did after bathing , dressing , eating a bag of stolen chips she had hidden in her kitchen , painting her nails , listening to her ipod for half an hour and taking a nap in her secret basement was call kaia . 
 not that she had dreaded the call and wanted to put it off or anything . 
 all of those other activities had been necessary . 
 really . 
 plus , it was n't like her sister was worried about her anymore . 
 paris would already have told her what was going on . 
 but bianka did n't want to discuss lysander . 
 did n't even want to think about him and the havoc he was causing her emotions-and her body and her thoughts and her common sense.after making out with him a little , she 'd wanted to freaking stay with him , curl up in his arms , make love and sleep . 
 and that was unacceptable . 
 the moment her sister answered , she said , `` no need to throw me a welcome home party . 
 i 'm not sticking around for long . '' 
 do not ask me about the angel . 
 do not ask me about the angel . 
 `` bianka ? '' 
 her twin asked groggily . 
 `` you were expecting someone else to call in the middle of the night ? '' 
 it was 6:00 a.m. here in alaska . 
 having traveled between the two places multiple times since gwen had gotten involved with sabin , she knew that meant it was 3:00 a.m. there in budapest . 
 `` yeah , '' kaia said . 
 `` i was . '' 
 seriously ? 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` lots of people . 
 gwennie , who has become the ultimate bridezilla . 
 sabin , who is doing his best to soothe the beast but whines to me like i care . '' 
 she rambled on as if bianka had never been abducted and she 'd never been worried . 
 sure , she 'd thought bianka was merely shirking her duties , but was a little worry too much to ask for ? 
 `` anya , who has decided she deserves a wedding , too . 
 only bigger and better than gwen 's . 
 william , who wants to sleep with me and does n't know how to take no for an answer . 
 he 's not possessed by a demon so he 's not my type . 
 shall i go on ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 she imagined kaia high in a treetop , clutching her cell to her ear , grinning and trying not to fall . 
 `` so really , you were sleeping ? 
 while i was missing , my life in terrible danger ? 
 some loving sister you are . '' 
 `` please . 
 you were on vacay , and we both know it . 
 so do n't give me a hard time . 
 i had an ... exciting day . '' 
 `` doing who ? '' 
 she asked dryly . 
 only two weeks had passed since she 'd last seen kaia , but suddenly a wave of homesickness-or rather , sistersickness-flooded her . 
 she loved this woman more than she loved herself . 
 and that was a lot ! 
 kaia chuckled . 
 `` i wish it was because of a who . 
 i 'm waiting for two of the lords to fight over me . 
 then i 'll comfort them both . 
 so far , no luck . '' 
 `` idiots . '' 
 `` i know ! 
 but i mentioned gwen has become the bride from hell , right ? 
 they 're afraid i 'll act just like her , so no one 's willing to take a real chance on me . '' 
 `` bride from hell , how ? '' 
 `` her dress did n't fit right . 
 her napkins were n't the right color . 
 no one has the flowers she wants . 
 whaa , whaa , whaa . '' 
 that did n't sound like the usually calm gwen . 
 `` distract her . 
 tell her the hunters captured me and performed a handbotomy on me like they did on gideon . '' 
 gideon , keeper of lies . 
 a sexy warrior who dyed his hair as blue as his eyes and had a wicked sense of humor . 
 the thought of seducing him did n't delight her as it once might have . 
 stupid angel . 
 do not think about him . 
 `` she would n't care if you were chopped up into little pieces . 
 you 're too much like me and apparently we take nothing seriously so we deserve what we get , '' kaia said . 
 `` she 's driving me freaking insane ! 
 and to top off my mountain-o-crap , i was totally losing our game of hide and seek . 
 so anyway , why 'd you decide to rescue yourself ? 
 i 'm telling you , you have a better chance of survival in the clouds than here with gwen . '' 
 `` survival schmival . 
 it was n't fun anymore . '' 
 a lie . 
 things had just started to heat up the way she 'd wanted . 
 but how could she have known that would scare her so badly ? 
 `` good going , by the way . 
 allowing yourself to be taken into the clouds where i could n't get to you . 
 brilliant . '' 
 `` i know , right ? '' 
 `` so was it terrible ? 
 being spirited away by a sexy angel ? '' 
 she twirled a strand of hair around her finger and pictured lysander 's glorious face . 
 the desire he 'd leveled at her while she 'd sucked him dry had been miraculous . 
 you do n't want to talk about him , remember ? 
 `` yes . 
 it was terrible . '' 
 terribly wonderful . 
 `` you bringing him to buda for the wedding ? '' 
 the words were sneered , clearly a joke , but bianka found herself shouting , `` no ! '' 
 before she could stop herself . 
 a harpy dating an angel ? 
 unacceptable ! 
 and anyway , allowing the demon-possessed lords of the underworld to surround a warrior straight from heaven would be stupid . 
 not that she feared for lysander . 
 guy could handle himself , no problem . 
 the way he formed a sword of fire from nothing but air was proof of that . 
 but if something were to happen to gwennie 's precious sabin , like , oh , decapitation , the festivities would be somewhat dimmed . 
 `` i 'll be there , though , '' she added in a calmer tone . 
 `` i kinda have to , you know . 
 since i 'm the maid of honor and all . '' 
 `` oh , hell , no . 
 i am , remember ? '' 
 she grinned slowly . 
 `` you told me you 'd rather be hit by a bus than be a bridesmaid . '' 
 `` yeah , but i want to have a bigger part than you , so ... here i am , in budapest , helping little gwennie plan the ceremony . 
 not that she 's taking my suggestions . 
 would it kill her to at least consider making everyone come naked ? '' 
 they shared a laugh . 
 `` well , you and i can attend naked , '' bianka said . 
 `` it 'll certainly liven things up . '' 
 `` done ! '' 
 there was a pause . 
 kaia pushed out a breath . 
 `` so you 're fine ? '' 
 she asked , a twinge of concern finally appearing in her voice . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 and she was . 
 or would be . 
 soon , she hoped . 
 all she had to do was figure out what to do about lysander . 
 not that he 'd tried to stick around , the jerk . 
 he had n't been able to get away from her fast enough . 
 sure , she 'd pushed him away . 
 but dude could have fought for her attention after what she 'd done for him . 
 `` you 're gon na make the angel pay for taking you without permission , right ? 
 who am i kidding ? 
 of course you are . 
 if you wait till after the wedding , i can help . 
 please , please let me help . 
 i have a few ideas and i think you 'll like them . 
 picture this . 
 it 's midnight , your angel is strapped to your bed , and we each rip off one of his wings . '' 
 nice . 
 but because she did n't know whether lysander was watching and listening or not-was he ? 
 it was possible , and just the thought had her skin heating-she said , `` do n't worry about it . 
 i 'm done with him . '' 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 kaia gasped out . 
 `` you ca n't be done with him . 
 he abducted you . 
 held you prisoner . 
 yeah , he oil-wrestled paris and i 'm pissed i did n't get to see , but that does n't excuse his behavior . 
 if you let him off without punishment , he 'll think it 's okay . 
 he 'll think you 're weak . 
 he 'll come after you again . '' 
 yes . 
 yes , he would , she thought , suddenly trying not to grin . 
 `` no , he wo n't , '' she lied . 
 are you listening , lysander , baby ? 
 `` bianka , tell me you do n't like him . 
 tell me you are n't lusting for an angel . '' 
 abruptly her smile faded . 
 this was exactly the line of questioning she 'd hoped to avoid . 
 `` i 'm not lusting for an angel . '' 
 another lie . 
 another pause . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` too bad . '' 
 `` mom thought gwen 's dad was an angel and she regretted sleeping with him all these years . 
 they 're too good . 
 too ... different from us . 
 angels and harpies are not meant to mix . 
 tell me you know that . '' 
 `` of course i know it . 
 now , i 've got ta go . 
 tell the bridezilla to go easy on you . 
 love you and see you soon , '' she replied and hung up before kaia could say anything else . 
 despite her fear of what lysander made her feel , bianka was n't done with him . 
 not even close . 
 but she 'd been on his turf before and therefore at a disadvantage . 
 if he was n't here , she needed to get him here . 
 willingly . 
 she 'd told him to leave her alone , she thought , and that could be a problem . 
 except ... with a whoop , she jumped up and spun around . 
 that would n't be a problem at all . 
 that was actually a blessing and she was smarter than she 'd realized . 
 by telling him to stay away from her , she 'd surely become the forbidden fruit . 
 of course he was here , watching her . 
 men never could do what they were told . 
 not even angels . 
 so . 
 easy . 
 even better , she 'd given him a little taste of what it was like to be with her . 
 he would crave more . 
 but also , she had n't allowed him to pleasure her . 
 his pride would not allow her to remain in this unsatisfied state for long , while he had enjoyed such sweet completion . 
 and if that was n't the case , he was n't the virile warrior she thought he was and he therefore would n't deserve her . 
 how long till he made an actual appearance ? 
 they 'd only been apart half a day , but she already missed him . 
 missed him . 
 ugh . 
 she 'd never missed a man before . 
 especially one who wanted to change her . 
 one who despised what she was . 
 one who could only be labeled enemy . 
 you have to avoid him . 
 you want to sleep in his arms . 
 you were protective of him while he fought paris . 
 he angered you but you did n't kill him . 
 and now you 're missing him ? 
 you know what this means , do n't you ? 
 her eyes widened , and her excitement drained . 
 oh , gods . 
 she should have realized ... should at least have suspected . 
 especially when she 'd protected him , defended him . 
 lysander , a goody-goody angel , was her consort . 
 her knees gave out and she flopped onto the floor . 
 as long as she 'd been alive , she 'd never thought to find one . 
 because , well , a consort was a meant-to-be husband . 
 some nights she 'd dreamed of finding hers , yes , but she had n't thought it would actually happen . 
 her consort . 
 wow . 
 her family was going to flip . 
 not because lysander had abducted her-they 'd come to respect that-but because of what he was . 
 more than that , she did n't trust lysander , would never trust him , and so could never do any actual sleeping with him . 
 sex , though , she could allow . 
 often . 
 yes , yes , she could make this work , she thought , brightening . 
 she could lure him to the dark side without letting her family know she was spending time with him . 
 humiliation averted ! 
 decided , she nodded . 
 lysander would be hers . 
 in secret . 
 and there was no better time to begin . 
 if he was watching as she suspected , there was only one way to get him to reveal himself . 
 she dressed in a lacy red halter and her favorite skinny jeans and drove into town . 
 only reason she owned a car was because it made her appear more human . 
 flying kind of gave her away . 
 though her arms and navel were exposed , the frigid wind did n't bother her . 
 chilled her , yes , but that she could deal with . 
 she wanted lysander to see as much of her as possible . 
 she parked in front of the moose lodge , a local diner , and strode to the front door . 
 because it was so early and so cold , no one was nearby . 
 a few streetlamps illuminated her , but she was n't worried . 
 she unlocked the door-she 'd stolen the key from the owner months ago-and disabled the alarm . 
 inside , she claimed a pecan pie from the glassed refrigerator , grabbed a fork and dug in while walking to her favorite booth . 
 she 'd done this a thousand times before . 
 come out , come out , wherever you are . 
 he would n't have just left her to her evil ways without thinking to protect the world from her . 
 right ? 
 she wished she could feel him , at least sense him in some way . 
 his scent perhaps , that wild , night sky scent . 
 but as she breathed deeply , she smelled only pecans and sugar . 
 still . 
 she had n't sensed him when he 'd snatched her from mid-free fall , so it stood to reason she would n't sense him now . 
 once the pie was polished off , the pan discarded and her fork licked clean , she filled a cup with dr. pepper . 
 she placed a few quarters in the old jukebox and soon an erratic beat was echoing from the walls . 
 bianka danced around one of the tables , thrusting her hips forward and back , arching , sliding around , hands roving over her entire body . 
 for a moment , only a brief , sultry moment , she thought she felt hot hands replace her own , exploring her br ** sts , her stomach . 
 thought she felt soft feathered wings envelop her , closing her in . 
 she stilled , heart drumming in her chest . 
 so badly she wanted to say his name , but she did n't want to scare him away . 
 so ... what should she do ? 
 how should she - the feeling of being surrounded evaporated completely . 
 damn him ! 
 teeth grinding , not knowing what else to do , she exited the diner the same way she 'd entered . 
 through the front door , as if she had n't a care . 
 that door slammed behind her , the force of it nearly shaking the walls . 
 `` you should lock up after yourself . '' 
 he was here ; he 'd been watching . 
 she 'd known it ! 
 trying not to grin , she spun around to face lysander . 
 the sight of him stole her breath . 
 he was as beautiful as she remembered . 
 his pale hair whipped in the wind , little snow crystals flying around him . 
 his golden wings were extended and glowing . 
 but his dark eyes were not blank , as when she 'd first met him . 
 they were as turbulent as an ocean-just as they 'd been when she 'd left him . 
 `` i thought i told you to stay away from me , '' she said , doing her best to sound angry rather than aroused . 
 he frowned . 
 `` and i told you to behave . 
 yet here you are , full of stolen pie . '' 
 `` what do you want me to do ? 
 return it ? '' 
 `` do n't be crass . 
 i want you to pay for it . '' 
 `` moment i do , i 'll start to vomit . '' 
 she crossed her arms over her middle . 
 close the distance . 
 kiss me . 
 `` that would ruin my lipstick , so i have to decline . '' 
 he , too , crossed his arms over his middle . 
 `` you can also earn your food . '' 
 `` yeah , but where 's the fun in that ? '' 
 a moment passed in silence . 
 then , `` do you have no morals ? '' 
 he gritted out . 
 `` no . '' 
 no sexual boundaries , either . 
 so freaking kiss me already ! 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 he popped his jaw in frustration and disappeared . 
 bianka 's arms dropped to her sides and she gazed around in astonishment . 
 he 'd left ? 
 left ? 
 without touching her ? 
 without kissing her ? 
 bastard ! 
 she stomped to her car . 
 lysander watched as bianka drove away . 
 he was hard as a rock , had been that way since she 'd paraded around her cabin naked , had lingered in a bubble bath and then changed into that wicked shirt . 
 his shaft was desperate for her . 
 why could n't she be an angel ? 
 why could n't she abhor sin ? 
 why did she have to embrace it?and why was the fact that she did these things-steal , curse , lie-still exciting him ? 
 because that was the way of things , he supposed , and had been since the beginning of time . 
 temptation seeped past your defenses , changed you , made you long for things you should n't . 
 there had to be a way to end this madness . 
 he could n't destroy her , he 'd already proven that . 
 but what if he could change her ? 
 he had n't truly tried before , so it could work . 
 and if she embraced his way of life , they could be together . 
 he could have her . 
 have more of her kisses , touch more of her body . 
 yes , he thought . 
 yes . 
 he would help her become a woman he could be proud to walk beside . 
 a woman he could happily claim as his own . 
 a woman who would not be his downfall . 
 chapter nine as lysander had never had a. . . 
 girlfriend , as the humans would say , he had no idea how to train one . 
 he knew only how to train his soldiers . 
 without emotion , maintaining distance and taking nothing personally . 
 his soldiers , however , wanted to learn . 
 they were eager , his every word welcomed . 
 bianka would resist him at every turn . 
 that much he knew . 
 so . 
 the first day , he followed her , simply observing . 
 planning.she , of course , stole every meal , even snacks , drank too much at a bar , danced too closely with a man she obviously did not know , then broke that man 's nose when he cupped her bottom . 
 lysander wanted to do damage of his own , but restrained himself . 
 barely . 
 at bedtime , bianka merely paced the confines of her cabin , cursing his name . 
 not for a minute did she rest . 
 how lovely she was , dark hair streaming down her back . 
 red lips pursed . 
 skin glowing like a rainbow in the moonlight . 
 so badly he wanted to touch her , to surround her with his wings , making them the only two people alive , and simply enjoy her . 
 soon , he promised himself . 
 she 'd given him release , yet he had not done the same for her . 
 the more he thought about that-and think about it he did , all the time-the more that did not sit well with him . 
 the more he thought about it , in fact , the more embarrassed he was . 
 he did n't know how to touch her to bring her release , but he was willing to try , to learn . 
 first , though , he had to train her as planned . 
 how , though ? 
 he wondered again . 
 she seemed to respond well to his kisses-his chest puffed up with pride at that . 
 he 'd never rewarded his soldiers for a job well done , but perhaps he could do so for bianka . 
 reward her with a kiss every time she pleased him . 
 a failproof plan . 
 he hoped . 
 the second day , he was practically humming with anticipation . 
 when she entered a clothing store and stuffed a beaded scarf into her purse , he materialized in front of her , ready to begin . 
 she stilled , gaze lifting and meeting his . 
 rather than bow her head in contrition , she grinned . 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 `` put that back , '' he told her . 
 `` you do not need to steal clothing to survive . '' 
 she crossed her arms over her middle , a stubborn stance he knew well . 
 `` yeah , but it 's fun . '' 
 a human woman who stood off to the side eyed bianka strangely . 
 `` uh , can i help you ? '' 
 bianka never looked away from him . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` she can not see me , '' lysander told her . 
 `` only you can . '' 
 `` so i look insane for talking with you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 she laughed , surprising him . 
 and even though her amusement was misplaced , he loved the sound of her laughter . 
 it was magical , like the strum of a harp . 
 he loved the way her mirth softened her expression and lit her magnificent skin . 
 have to touch her , he thought , suddenly dazed . 
 he took a step closer , intending to do just that . 
 have to experience that softness again . 
 and in doing so , she could begin to know the delights of his rewards . 
 she gulped . 
 `` wh-what are you - '' `` are you sure i ca n't help you ? '' 
 the woman asked , cutting her off . 
 bianka remained in place , trembling , but tossed her a glare . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 now shut it before i sew your lips together . '' 
 the woman backed away , spun and raced to help someone else . 
 lysander froze . 
 `` you may continue , '' bianka said to him . 
 how could he reward her for such rudeness ? 
 that would defeat the purpose of her training . 
 `` do you not care what people think of you ? '' 
 he asked , head tilting to the side . 
 her eyes narrowed , and she stopped trembling . 
 `` no . 
 why should i ? 
 in a few years , these people will be dead but i 'll still be alive and kicking . '' 
 as she spoke , she stuffed another scarf in her purse . 
 now she was simply taunting him . 
 `` put it back , and i 'll give you a kiss , '' he gritted out . 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 stuttering again . 
 he was affecting her . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 he would not repeat the words . 
 having said them , all he wanted to do was mesh their lips together , thrust his tongue into her mouth and taste her . 
 hear her moan . 
 feel her clutch at him . 
 `` you would willingly kiss me ? '' 
 she rasped . 
 willingly . 
 desperately . 
 he nodded . 
 she licked her lips , leaving a sheen of moisture behind . 
 the sight of that pink tongue sent blood rushing into his shaft . 
 his hands clenched at his sides . 
 anything to keep from grabbing her and jerking her against him . 
 `` i-i - '' she shook her head , as if clearing her thoughts . 
 her eyes narrowed again , those long , dark lashes fusing together . 
 `` why would you do that ? 
 you , who have tried to resist me at every turn ? '' 
 `` because . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just put the scarves back . '' 
 so the kissing can begin . 
 she arched a brow . 
 `` are you trying to bribe me ? 
 because you should know , that wo n't work with me . '' 
 rather than answer-and lie-he remained silent , chin jutting in the air . 
 blood ... heating . 
 still watching him , she reached out , palmed a belt and stuffed it in her purse , as well . 
 `` so what do you plan to do to me if i keep stealing ? 
 give me a severe tongue-lashing ? 
 too bad . 
 i do n't accept . '' 
 fire slid the length of his spine even as his anger spiked . 
 he closed the distance until the warmth of her breath was fanning over his neck and chest . 
 `` you could not get enough of me in the heavens , yet now that you are here , you want nothing to do with me . 
 tell me . 
 was your every word and action up there a lie ? '' 
 `` of course my every word and action was a lie . 
 that 's what i do . 
 i thought you knew that . '' 
 so ... did she desire him or not ? 
 two days ago she 'd told her sister , kaia , that she wanted nothing to do with him . 
 at the time , he 'd thought she was merely saying that for kaia 's benefit . 
 now , he was n't so sure . 
 `` you could be lying now , '' he said . 
 at least , that 's what he hoped . 
 and who would have thought he 'd ever wish for a lie ? 
 excitement sparked in her eyes and spread to the rest of her features . 
 she patted his cheek , then flattened her palm on his chest . 
 `` you 're learning , angel . '' 
 he sucked in a breath . 
 so hot . 
 so soft . 
 `` here 's a proposition for you . 
 steal something from this store and i 'll kiss you . '' 
 wait . 
 her words from a moment ago drifted through his head . 
 you 're learning , angel . 
 he was learning ? 
 `` no , '' he croaked out . 
 he would not do such a thing . 
 not even for her . 
 `` these people need the money their goods provide . 
 do you care nothing for their welfare ? '' 
 a flash of guilt joined the excitement . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 another lie ? 
 probably . 
 that guilt ... it gave him hope . 
 `` why do you need to steal like this , anyway ? '' 
 `` foreplay , '' she said with a shrug . 
 blood ... heating ... again . 
 `` ma'am , i need you to come with me . '' 
 at the unexpected intrusion , they both stiffened . 
 bianka 's gaze pulled from his ; together they eyed the policeman now standing beside her . 
 she frowned . 
 `` ca n't you see that i 'm in the middle of a conversation ? '' 
 `` does n't matter if you 're talking to god himself . '' 
 the grim-faced officer latched on to her wrist . 
 `` i need you to come with me . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 lysander , '' she said , clearly expecting him to do something . 
 instinct demanded he save her . 
 he wanted her safe and happy , but this would be good for her . 
 `` i told you to put the items back . '' 
 her jaw dropped as the officer led her away . 
 and , if lysander was n't mistaken , there was pride in her gaze . 
 arrested for shoplifting , bianka thought with disgust . 
 again . 
 her third time that year . 
 lysander had watched the policeman usher her in back , empty her purse and cuff her . 
 all without a word . 
 his disapproval had said plenty , though . 
 she had n't let it upset her . 
 he 'd stood his ground , and she admired that . 
 was turned on by it . 
 this would n't be an easy victory , as she 'd assumed . 
 besides , for the first time in their relationship , he 'd offered to kiss her . 
 willingly kiss her.but only if she replaced her stolen goods , she reminded herself darkly . 
 did n't take a genius to figure out that he wanted to change her . 
 to condition her to his way of life . 
 it was exactly what she wanted to do to him . 
 which meant he wanted her as desperately as she wanted him . 
 it also meant it was time to take this game to the next level . 
 she , however , would not be the one to cave . 
 the six hours she 'd spent behind bars had given her time to think . 
 to form a strategy . 
 she was whistling as she meandered down the station steps . 
 lysander had finally posted her bail , but he had n't hung around to speak with her . 
 well , he had n't needed to . 
 she knew he was following her . 
 at home , she showered , lingering under the hot spray , soaping herself more slowly than necessary and caressing her br ** sts and playing between her legs . 
 unfortunately , he never appeared . 
 but no matter . 
 just in case her shower had n't gotten him in the mood , she read a few passages from her favorite romance novel . 
 and just in case that had n't gotten him in the mood , she decorated her navel with her favorite dangling diamond , dressed in a skintight tank and skirt and knee-high boots , and drove to the closest strip club . 
 `` i only have a few days left . 
 then i 'm traveling to budapest for gwen 's wedding and you are not invited . 
 do you hear me ? 
 try and come and i 'll make your life hell . 
 so , if you want a go at me , now 's the time , '' she said as she got out of the car . 
 again , he did n't appear . 
 she almost screeched in frustration . 
 so far , her strategy sucked . 
 what was he doing ? 
 the night was cold yet the inside of the club was hot and stuffy , the seats packed with men . 
 onstage , a redhead-clearly not a natural redhead-swung around a pole . 
 the lights were dimmed , and smoke clung to the air . 
 `` you gon na dance , darling ? '' 
 someone asked bianka . 
 `` nope . 
 got better things to do . '' 
 she did , however , steal the stranger 's wallet , sneak a beer from the bar and settle into a table in the back corner . 
 alone . 
 `` enjoy , '' she whispered to lysander , toasting him with the bottle . 
 `` have you no shame ? '' 
 he suddenly growled from behind her . 
 finally ! 
 every muscle in her body relaxed , even as her blood heated with awareness . 
 but she did n't turn to face him . 
 he would have seen the triumph in her eyes . 
 `` you have enough shame for both of us . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` that does not seem to be the case . '' 
 `` really ? 
 well , then , let 's loosen you up . 
 do you want a lap dance ? '' 
 she held up the cash she 'd taken . 
 `` i 'm sure the redhead onstage would love to rub against you . '' 
 his big hands settled on her shoulders , squeezing . 
 `` or maybe you 'd like a beer ? '' 
 `` i would indeed , '' the stranger she 'd stolen from said , now in front of her table . 
 he reached into his back pocket . 
 frowned . 
 `` hey , my wallet 's gone . '' 
 his gaze settled on the small brown leather case resting on her tabletop . 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` that looks like mine . '' 
 `` how odd , '' she said innocently . 
 `` so do you want me to buy you a beer or not ? '' 
 lysander 's grip tightened . 
 `` give him back his wallet and i 'll kiss you . '' 
 her breath caught in her throat . 
 gods , she wanted his kiss . 
 more than she 'd ever wanted anything . 
 his lips were soft , his taste decadent . 
 and if she allowed him to kiss her , well , she knew she could convince him to do other things . 
 but she said , `` steal his watch and i 'll kiss you . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 the guy asked , brow furrowed . 
 `` steal whose watch ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes , wishing she could shoo him away . 
 lysander leaned down and cupped her br ** sts . 
 a tremor moved through her , her ni ** les beading , reaching for him . 
 sweet heaven . 
 her stomach quivered , jealous of her br ** sts , wanting the touch lower . 
 `` give him back the wallet . '' 
 suddenly she wanted to do just that . 
 anything for more of lysander and this sultry side of him . 
 she did n't need the money , anyway . 
 wait . 
 what are you doing ? 
 caving ? 
 she straightened her spine . 
 `` no , i - '' `` i 'll kiss you all over your body , '' lysander added . 
 oh ... hell . 
 he 'd decided to take their game to the next level , as well . 
 damn , damn , damn . 
 she could n't lose . 
 if she did , he would control her with sex . 
 he would expect her to be good like him . 
 all the damn time . 
 there would be no more stealing , no more cursing , no more fun . 
 well , except when they were in bed-but would he expect her to be good there , too ? 
 life would become boring and sinless , everything a harpy was taught to fight against . 
 she stood to shaky legs and turned , finally facing him . 
 his hands fell away from her . 
 she tried not to moan in disappointment . 
 his expression was blank . 
 she blanked hers , as well , reached out and cupped him . 
 though he showed no emotion , he could n't hide his hardness . 
 `` steal something , anything at all , and i 'll kiss you all over . '' 
 her voice dipped huskily . 
 `` remember last time ? 
 you came in my mouth , and i loved every moment of it . '' 
 his nostrils flared . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 the guy behind her exclaimed . 
 `` give me five minutes and i 'll have stolen something . '' 
 `` you are n't trainable , are you ? '' 
 lysander asked stiffly . 
 `` no , '' she said , but suddenly she did n't feel like smiling . 
 there 'd been resignation in his tone . 
 had she pushed him too far again ? 
 was he going to leave her ? 
 never return ? 
 `` that does n't mean you should stop trying , though . '' 
 `` wait . 
 trying what ? '' 
 the stranger asked , confused . 
 gods , when would he leave ? 
 `` lysander , '' she prompted . 
 `` that 's not my name . '' 
 `` get lost , '' she growled . 
 lysander 's gaze lifted , narrowed on the human . 
 then bianka heard footsteps . 
 her angel had n't said anything , had n't revealed himself , but had somehow managed to make the human leave . 
 he had powers she had n't known about , then . 
 why was that even more exciting ? 
 `` if you wo n't give the wallet back and i wo n't steal anything , where does that leave us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` at war . 
 i do n't know about you , but i do my best fighting in bed , '' she said , and then threw her arms around his neck . 
 chapter ten wind whipped through bianka 's hair , and she knew that lysander was flying her somewhere with those majestic wings . 
 she had her eyes closed , too busy enjoying him-finally ! 
 - to care where he took her . 
 his tongue made love to hers . 
 his hands clutched her hips , fingers digging sharply . 
 then she was tipping over , a cool , soft mattress pressing into her back . 
 his weight pinned her deliciously . 
 and it should n't have been delicious . 
 this was not a position she allowed . 
 ever . 
 it caged her wings , and her wings were the source of her strength . 
 without them , she was almost as weak as a human . 
 but this was lysander , honest to a fault , and she 'd wanted him forever , it seemed . 
 and as wary as he 'd been about this sort of thing , she was afraid any type of rebuke would send him flying away.besides , he could do anything he wanted to her like this ... `` no one is to enter , '' he said roughly . 
 moaning , she wound her legs around his waist , tilted her head to receive his newest kiss and enjoyed a deeper thrust of his tongue . 
 white lightning , the man was a fast learner . 
 very fast . 
 he was now an expert at kissing . 
 the best she 'd ever had . 
 by the time she finished with him , he 'd be an expert at everything carnal . 
 his cock , hard and long and thick , rode the apex of her thighs . 
 she could feel every inch of him through the softness of his robe . 
 his arms enveloped her , and when she opened her eyes-they were inside his cloud , she realized-she saw his golden wings were spread , forming a blanket over them . 
 she tangled her hands in his hair and pulled from the kiss . 
 `` are you going to get into trouble for this ? '' 
 she asked , panting . 
 wait . 
 what ? 
 where had that thought come from ? 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` do you care ? '' 
 `` no , '' she lied , forcing a grin . 
 no , no , no . 
 that was n't a lie . 
 `` but that adds a little extra danger , do n't you think ? '' 
 there . 
 better . 
 that was more like her normal self . 
 she did n't like his goodness , did n't want to preserve it and keep him safe . 
 did she ? 
 `` well , i will not get into trouble . '' 
 he flattened his palms at her temples , boxing her in and taking the bulk of his own weight . 
 `` if that is the only reason you are here , you can leave . '' 
 how fierce he appeared . 
 `` so sensitive , angel . '' 
 she hooked her fingers at the neck of his robe and tugged . 
 the material ripped easily . 
 but as she held it , it began to weave itself back together . 
 frowning , she ripped again , harder this time , until there was a big enough gap to shove the clothing from his shoulders and off his arms . 
 `` i was only teasing . '' 
 his chest was magnificent . 
 a work of art . 
 muscled and sun-kissed and devoid of any hair . 
 she lifted her head and licked the pulse at the base of his neck , then traced his collarbone , then circled one of his ni ** les . 
 `` do you like ? '' 
 `` hot . 
 wet , '' he rasped , lids squeezed tight . 
 `` yeah , but do you like ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she sucked a peak until he gasped , then kissed away the sting . 
 a tremor of pleasure rocked him , which caused a lance of pride to work through her . 
 `` why do you desire me , angel ? 
 why do you care if i 'm good or not ? '' 
 a pause . 
 a tortured , `` your skin ... '' every muscle in her body stiffened , and she glared up at him . 
 `` so any harpy will do ? '' 
 she tried to hide her insult , but did n't quite manage it . 
 the thought of another harpy-hell , any other woman , immortal or not-enjoying him roused her most vicious instincts . 
 her nails lengthened , and her teeth sharpened . 
 a red haze dotted her line of vision . 
 mine , she thought . 
 she would kill anyone who touched him . 
 `` we all have this skin , you know ? '' 
 the words were guttural , scraping her throat . 
 his lashes separated as his eyes opened . 
 his pupils were dilated , his expression tightening with ... an emotion she did n't recognize . 
 `` yes , but only yours tempts me . 
 why is that ? '' 
 `` oh , '' was all she could first think to say , her anger draining completely . 
 but she needed to respond , had to think of something light , easy . 
 `` to answer your question , you want me because i 'm made of awesome . 
 and guess what ? 
 i will make you so happy you said that , warrior . '' 
 warrior , rather than angel . 
 she 'd never called him that before . 
 why ? 
 and why now ? 
 `` no . 
 i will make you happy . '' 
 he ripped her shirt just as she had done his robe . 
 she was n't wearing a bra , and her br ** sts sprang free . 
 another tremor moved through him as he lowered his head . 
 he licked and sucked one nipple , as she had done to him , then the other , feasting . 
 savoring . 
 soon she was arching and writhing against him , craving his mouth elsewhere . 
 her skin was sensitized , her body desperate for release . 
 yet she did n't want to rush him . 
 she was still afraid of scaring him away . 
 but damn him , if he did n't hurry , did n't touch her between her legs , she was going to die . 
 `` lysander , '' she said on a trembling breath . 
 his wings brushed both her arms , up and down , tickling , caressing , raising goosebumps on her flesh . 
 holy hell , that was good . 
 so damn good . 
 he lifted from her completely . 
 `` wh-what are you doing ? 
 i was n't going to tell you to leave , '' she screeched , bracing her weight on her elbows . 
 `` i do not want anything between us . '' 
 he shoved the robe down his legs until he was gloriously naked . 
 moisture gleamed at the head of his cock , and her mouth watered . 
 reaching out , he gripped her boots and tore them off . 
 her jeans quickly followed . 
 she , of course , was not wearing any panties . 
 his gaze drank her in , and she knew what he saw . 
 her flushed , glowing skin . 
 the aching juncture between her legs . 
 her rose-tinted ni ** les . 
 `` i want to touch and taste every inch , '' he said and just kind of fell on her , as if his will to resist had abandoned him completely . 
 `` touch and taste every inch next time . '' 
 please let there be a next time . 
 she tried to hook her legs around his waist again . 
 `` i need release now . '' 
 he grabbed her by the knees and spread her . 
 her head fell back , her hair tangling around her , and he kissed a path to her br ** sts , then to her stomach . 
 he lingered at her navel until she was moaning . 
 `` lysander , '' she said again . 
 fine . 
 she 'd jump on this grenade if she had to ; if he wanted to taste , he could taste . 
 `` more . 
 i need more . '' 
 rather than give it to her , he stilled . 
 `` i. . . 
 took care of myself before following you this day , '' he admitted , cheeks pinkening . 
 `` i thought that would give me resistance against you . '' 
 her eyes widened , shock pouring through her . 
 `` you pleasured yourself ? '' 
 a stiff nod . 
 `` did you think of me ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` oh , baby . 
 that 's good . 
 i can picture it , and i love what i see . '' 
 his hand on his cock , stroking up and down , eyes closed , features tight with arousal , body straining toward release . 
 wings spread as he fell to his knees , the pleasure too much . 
 her , naked in his mind . 
 `` what did you think about doing ? '' 
 another pause . 
 a hesitant response . 
 `` licking . 
 between your legs . 
 tasting you , as i said . '' 
 she arched her back , hands skimming down her middle to her thighs . 
 although he already held her open , she pushed her legs farther apart . 
 `` then do it . 
 lick me . 
 i want it so bad . 
 want your tongue on me . 
 see how wet i am ? '' 
 he hissed in a breath . 
 `` yes . 
 yes . '' 
 leaning down , he started at her ankles and kissed his way up , lingering at the back of her knees , at the crease of her legs . 
 `` please , '' she said , so on edge she was ready to scream . 
 `` please . 
 do it . '' 
 `` yes , '' he whispered again . 
 `` yes . '' 
 finally he settled over her , mouth poised , ready . 
 his tongue flicked out . 
 then , sweet contact . 
 she expected the touch , but nothing could have prepared her for the perfection of it . 
 she did scream , shivered . 
 begged for more . 
 `` yes , yes , yes . 
 please , please , please . '' 
 at first , he merely lapped at her , humming his approval at her taste . 
 thank the gods . 
 or god . 
 or whoever was responsible for this man . 
 if he had n't liked her in that way , she was n't sure what she would have done . 
 in that moment , she wanted-needed-to be everything he wanted-needed . 
 she wanted him to crave every part of her , as she craved every part of him . 
 even his goodness ? 
 yes , she thought , finally admitting it . 
 yes . 
 just then , she had no defenses ; she 'd been stripped to her soul . 
 his goodness somehow balanced her out . 
 she 'd fought against it-and still had no plans to change-but they were two extremes and actually complemented each other , each giving the other what he or she lacked . 
 in her case , the knowledge that some things were worth taking seriously . 
 in his , that it was n't a crime to have fun . 
 `` bianka , '' he moaned . 
 `` tell me how ... what ... '' `` more . 
 do n't stop . '' 
 soon his tongue was darting in and out of her , mimicking the act of sex . 
 she grasped at the sheets , fisting them . 
 she writhed , meeting his every thrust . 
 she screamed again , moaned and begged some more . 
 finally , she splintered apart . 
 bit down on her bottom lip until she tasted blood . 
 white lights danced over her eyes-from her skin , she realized . 
 her skin was so bright it was almost blinding , glowing like a lamp , something that had never happened before . 
 then lysander was looming above her . 
 `` you are not fertile , '' he rasped . 
 sweat beaded him . 
 that gave her fuzzy mind pause . 
 `` i know . '' 
 her words were as labored as his . 
 harpies were only fertile once a year and this was n't her time . 
 `` but how do you know that ? '' 
 `` sense it . 
 always know that kind of thing . 
 so ... are you ready ? '' 
 he asked , and she could hear the uncertainty in his voice . 
 he must not know proper etiquette , the darling virgin . 
 he would learn . 
 with her , there was no etiquette . 
 doing what felt good was the only thing that drove her . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 she flattened her hands on his shoulders and pushed him to his back , careful of his wings . 
 he did n't protest or fight her as she straddled his waist and gripped his c ** k by the base . 
 her wings fluttered in joy at their freedom . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he licked his lips , nodded . 
 his wings lifted , enveloped her , caressing her . 
 her head fell , the long length of her hair tickling his thighs . 
 he trembled . 
 would he regret this ? 
 she suddenly wondered . 
 she did n't want him to hate her for supposedly ruining him . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there 's no taking it back once it 's done . '' 
 if he was n't ready , well , she would ... wait , she realized . 
 yes , she would wait until he was ready . 
 only he would do . 
 no other . 
 her body only wanted him . 
 `` do not stop , '' he commanded , mimicking her . 
 a grin bloomed . 
 `` i 'll be careful with you , '' she assured him . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 his fingers circled her hips and lifted her until she was poised at his tip . 
 `` the only thing that could hurt me is if you leave me like this . '' 
 `` no chance of that , '' she said , and sank all the way to the hilt . 
 he arched up to meet her , feeding her his length , his eyes squeezing shut , his teeth nearly chewing their way through his bottom lip . 
 he stretched her perfectly , hit her in just the right spot , and she found herself desperate for release once more . 
 but she paused , his enjoyment more important than her own . 
 for whatever reason . 
 `` tell me when you 're ready for me to - '' `` move ! '' 
 he shouted , hips thrusting so high he raised her knees from the mattress . 
 groaning at the pleasure , she moved , up and down , slipping and sliding over his erection . 
 he was wild beneath her , as if he 'd kept his passion bottled up all these years and it had suddenly exploded from him , unstoppable . 
 soon , even that was n't enough for him . 
 he began hammering inside her , and she loved it . 
 loved his intensity . 
 all she could do was hold on for the ride , slamming down on him , gasping . 
 her nails dug into his chest , her moans blended with his . 
 and when her second orgasm hit , lysander was right there with her , roaring , muscles stiffening . 
 he grabbed her by the neck and jerked her down , meshing their lips together . 
 their teeth scraped as he primitively , savagely kissed her . 
 it was a kiss that stripped her once more to her soul , left her raw , agonized . 
 reeling . 
 he was indeed her consort , she thought , dazed . 
 there was no denying it now . 
 he was it for her . 
 her one and only . 
 necessary . 
 angel or not . 
 she laughed , and was surprised by how carefree it sounded . 
 tamed by great sex . 
 it figured . 
 after this , no other man would do . 
 ever . 
 she knew it , sensed it . 
 she collapsed atop him , panting , sweating . 
 scared . 
 suddenly vulnerable . 
 how did he feel about her ? 
 he did n't approve of her , yet he had gifted her with his virginity . 
 surely that meant he liked her , just as she was . 
 surely that meant he wanted her around . 
 his heart thundered in his chest , and she grinned . 
 surely . 
 `` bianka , '' he said shakily . 
 she yawned , more replete than she 'd ever been . 
 my consort . 
 her eyelids closed , her lashes suddenly too heavy to hold up . 
 fatigue washed through her , so intense she could n't fight it . 
 `` talk ... later , '' she replied , and drifted into the most peaceful sleep of her life . 
 chapter eleven for hours lysander held bianka in the crook of his arm while she slept , marveling-this was what she 'd craved most in the world and he had given it to her-and yet , he was also worrying . 
 he knew what that meant , knew how difficult it was for a harpy to let down her guard and sleep in front of another . 
 it meant she trusted him to protect her , to keep her safe . 
 and he was glad . 
 he wanted to protect her . 
 even from herself . 
 but could he ? 
 he did n't know . 
 they were so different.until they got into bed , that is . 
 he could not believe what had just happened . 
 he had become a creature of sensation , his baser urges all that mattered . 
 the pleasure ... unlike anything he 'd ever experienced . 
 her taste was like honey , her skin so soft he wanted it against him for the rest of eternity . 
 her breathy moans-even her screams-had been a caress inside his ears . 
 he 'd loved every moment of it . 
 had he been called to battle , he was n't sure he would have been able to leave her . 
 why her , though ? 
 why had she been the one to captivate him ? 
 she lied to him at every opportunity . 
 she embodied everything he despised . 
 yet he did not despise her . 
 for every moment with her , he only wanted more . 
 everything she did excited him . 
 the pleasure she 'd found in his arms ... she had been unashamed , uninhibited , demanding everything he had to give . 
 would he have been as enthralled by her if she had led a blameless life ? 
 if she had been more demure ? 
 he did n't think so . 
 he liked her exactly as she was . 
 why ? 
 he wondered again . 
 by the time she stretched lazily , sensually against him , he still did not have the answers . 
 nor did he know what to do with her . 
 he 'd already proven he could not leave her alone . 
 and now that he knew all of her , she would be even more impossible to resist . 
 `` lysander , '' she said , voice husky from her rest . 
 `` i am here . '' 
 she blinked open her eyes , jolted upright . 
 `` i fell asleep . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` yeah , but i feel asleep . '' 
 she scrubbed a hand down her beautiful face , twisted and peered down at him with vulnerable astonishment . 
 `` i should be ashamed of myself , but i 'm not . 
 what 's wrong with me ? '' 
 he reached up and traced a fingertip over her swollen lips . 
 how hard had he kissed her ? 
 `` i 'm ... sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i lost control for a moment . 
 i should n't have taken you so - '' she nipped at his finger , her self-recrimination seeming to melt away in favor of amusement . 
 `` do you hear me complaining about that ? '' 
 he relaxed . 
 no , he did not hear her complaining . 
 in fact , she appeared utterly sated . 
 and he had done that . 
 he had given her pleasure . 
 pride filled him . 
 pride-a foolish emotion that often led to a man 's downfall . 
 was that how bianka would make him fall ? 
 for as his temptation , she would make him fall . 
 with a sigh , she flopped back against him . 
 `` you turned serious all of the sudden . 
 want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do you want to talk about anything ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , too bad , '' she grumbled , but he heard a layer of satisfaction in her tone . 
 did she enjoy making him do things he did n't want to do-or did n't think he wanted to do ? 
 `` because you 're going to talk . 
 a lot . 
 you can start with why you first abducted me . 
 i know you wanted to change me , but why me ? 
 i still do n't know . '' 
 he should n't tell her ; she already had enough power over him , and knowing the truth would only increase that power . 
 but he also wanted her to understand how desperate he 'd been . 
 was . 
 `` at the heart of my duties , i am a peacekeeper , and as such , i must peek into the lives of the lords of the underworld every so often , making sure they are obeying heavenly laws . 
 i. . . 
 saw you with them . 
 and as i have proven with my actions this day , i realized you are my one temptation . 
 the one thing that can tear me from my righteous path . '' 
 she sat up again , faced him again . 
 her eyes were wide with ... pleasure ? 
 `` really ? 
 i alone can ruin you ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` that does not mean you should try and do so . '' 
 laughing , she leaned down and kissed him . 
 her br ** sts pressed against his chest , once again heating his blood in that way only she could do . 
 but he was done fighting it , done resisting it . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 i just like being important to you , i guess . '' 
 her cheeks suddenly bloomed with color . 
 `` wait . 
 that 's not what i meant , either . 
 what i 'm trying to say is that you 're forgiven for whisking me to your palace in the sky . 
 i would have done the same thing to you had the situation been reversed . '' 
 he had not expected forgiveness to come so easily . 
 not from her . 
 frown intensifying , he cupped her cheeks and forced her to meet his gaze . 
 `` why were you with me ? 
 i know i am not what your kind views as acceptable . '' 
 she shrugged , the action a little stiff . 
 `` i guess you 're my temptation . '' 
 now he understood why she 'd grinned over his proclamation . 
 he wanted to whoop with satisfied laughter . 
 `` if we 're going to be together - '' she stopped , waiting . 
 when he nodded , she relaxed and continued , `` then i guess i could only steal from the wicked . '' 
 it was a concession . 
 a concession he 'd never thought she would make . 
 she truly must like him . 
 must want more time with him . 
 `` so listen , '' she said . 
 `` my sister is getting married in a week , as i told you before . 
 do you want to , like , come with me ? 
 as my guest ? 
 i know , i know . 
 it 's short notice . 
 but i did n't intend to invite you . 
 i mean , you 're an angel . '' 
 there was disgust in her voice . 
 `` but you make love like a demon so i guess i should , i do n't know , show you off or something . '' 
 he opened his mouth to reply . 
 what he would say , he did n't know . 
 they could not tell others of their relationship . 
 ever . 
 but a voice stopped him . 
 `` lysander . 
 are you home ? '' 
 lysander recognized the speaker immediately . 
 raphael , the warrior angel . 
 panic nearly choked him . 
 he could n't let the man see him like this . 
 could n't let any of his kind see him with the harpy . 
 `` we must discuss olivia , '' raphael called . 
 `` may i enter your abode ? 
 there is some sort of block preventing me from doing so . '' 
 `` not yet , '' he called . 
 was his panic in his voice ? 
 he 'd never experienced it before , so did n't know how to combat it . 
 `` wait for me . 
 i will emerge . '' 
 he sat up and slipped from the bed , from bianka . 
 he grabbed his robe , or rather , the pieces of it , from the floor and wrapped it around himself . 
 immediately it wove back together to fit his frame . 
 the material even cleaned him , wiping away bianka 's scent . 
 the latter , he inwardly cursed . 
 for the best . 
 `` let him in , '' bianka said , fitting the sheet around her , oblivious . 
 `` i do n't mind . '' 
 lysander kept his back to her . 
 `` i do not want him to see you . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 've covered my naughty nakedness . '' 
 he gave no reply . 
 unlike her , he would not lie . 
 and if he did not lie to her , he would hurt her . 
 he did not want to do that either . 
 `` so call him in already , '' she said with a laugh . 
 `` i want to see if all angels look like sin but act like saints . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want him inside right now . 
 i will go out to meet him . 
 you will stay here , '' he said . 
 still he could n't face her . 
 `` wait . 
 are you jealous ? '' 
 he gave no reply . 
 `` lysander ? '' 
 `` stay silent . 
 please . 
 cloud walls are thin . '' 
 `` stay ... silent ? '' 
 a moment passed in the very silence he 'd requested . 
 only , he did n't like it . 
 he heard the rustle of fabric , a sharp intake of breath . 
 `` you do n't want him to know i 'm here , do you ? 
 you 're ashamed of me , '' she said , clearly shocked . 
 `` you do n't want your friend to know you 've been with me . '' 
 `` bianka . '' 
 `` no . 
 you do n't get to speak right now . '' 
 with every word , her voice rose . 
 `` i was willing to take you to my sister 's wedding . 
 even though i knew my family would laugh at me or view me with disgust . 
 i was willing to give you a chance . 
 give us a chance . 
 but not you . 
 you were going to hide me away . 
 as if i 'm something shameful . '' 
 he whirled on her , fury burning through him . 
 at her , at himself . 
 `` you are something shameful . 
 i kill beings like you . 
 i do not fall in love with them . '' 
 she did n't say anything . 
 just looked up at him with wide , hurt-filled eyes . 
 so much hurt he actually stumbled back . 
 a sharp pain lanced his chest . 
 but as he watched , her hurt mutated into a fury that far surpassed his . 
 `` kill me , then , '' she growled . 
 `` you know i will not . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because ! '' 
 `` let me guess . 
 because deep down you still think you can change me . 
 you think that i will become the pure , virtuous woman you want me to be . 
 well , who are you to say what 's virtuous and what is n't ? '' 
 he merely arched a brow . 
 the answer was obvious and did n't need to be stated . 
 `` i told you that from now on i 'd only hurt the wicked , right ? 
 well , surprise ! 
 that 's what i 've done since the beginning . 
 the pie you watched me eat ? 
 the owner of that restaurant cheats at cards , takes money that does n't belong to him . 
 the wallet i stole ? 
 i took it from a man cheating on his wife . '' 
 he blinked down at her , unsure he 'd heard correctly . 
 `` why would you have kept that from me ? '' 
 `` why should it change how you feel about me ? '' 
 she tossed back the cover and stood , glorious in her nakedness . 
 her skin was still aglow , multihued light reflecting off it-he 'd touched that skin . 
 dark hair cascaded around her-he 'd fisted that hair . 
 `` i want to be with you , '' he said . 
 `` i do . 
 but it has to be in secret . '' 
 `` i thought the same . 
 until what we just did , '' she said as she hastily dressed . 
 her clothes were not like his , did not repair on their own , and so that ripped shirt revealed more than it hid . 
 he tried again . 
 tried to make her understand . 
 `` you are everything my kind stands against , bianka . 
 i train warriors to hunt and kill demons . 
 what would it say to them were i to take you as my companion ? '' 
 `` here 's a better question . 
 what does it say to them that you hide your sin ? 
 because that 's how you view me , is n't it ? 
 your sin . 
 you are such a hypocrite . '' 
 she stormed past him , careful not to touch him . 
 `` and i will not be with a hypocrite . 
 that 's worse than being an angel . '' 
 he thought she meant to race to raphael and flaunt her presence . 
 shockingly enough , she did n't . 
 and because he had n't commanded her to stay , when she said , `` i want to leave , '' the cloud opened up at her feet . 
 she disappeared , falling through the sky . 
 `` bianka , '' he shouted . 
 lysander spread his wings and jumped after her . 
 he passed raphael , but at that point , he did n't care . 
 he only wanted bianka safe-and that hurt and fury wiped away from her expression . 
 she 'd turned facedown to increase her momentum . 
 he had to tuck his wings into his back to increase his own . 
 finally , he caught her halfway and wrapped his arms around her , her back pressed into his stomach . 
 she did n't flail , did n't order him to release her , which he 'd been prepared for . 
 when they reached her cabin , he straightened them , spread his wings and slowed . 
 snow still covered the ground and crunched when they landed . 
 she did n't pull away . 
 did n't run . 
 something else he 'd been prepared for . 
 clearly he knew very little about her . 
 `` it 's probably best this way , you know , '' she said flatly , keeping her back to him . 
 the wind slapped her hair against his cheeks . 
 `` that was my afterglow talking earlier , anyway . 
 i never should have invited you to the wedding . 
 we 're too different to make anything work . '' 
 `` i was willing to try , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 do n't do this , he projected . 
 do n't end us . 
 she laughed without humor , and he marveled at the difference between this laugh and the one she 'd given inside his cloud . 
 marveled and mourned . 
 `` no , you were willing to hide me away . '' 
 `` yes . 
 therefore i was trying to make something work . 
 i want to be with you , bianka . 
 otherwise i would not have followed you . 
 i would have left you alone from the first . 
 i would not have tried to show you the light . '' 
 `` you are such a pompous ass , '' she spat . 
 `` show me the light ? 
 please ! 
 you want me to be perfect . 
 blameless . 
 but what happens when i fail ? 
 and i will , you know ? 
 perfection just is n't in me . 
 one day i will curse . 
 like now . 
 fuck you . 
 one day i will take something just because it 's pretty and i want it . 
 would that ruin me in your eyes ? '' 
 `` it has n't so far , '' he spat back . 
 she laughed again , this one bleaker , grim . 
 `` the scarves i took were made by child laborers . 
 so i have n't really done anything too terrible yet . 
 but i will . 
 and you know what ? 
 if you were to do something nauseatingly righteous , i would n't have cared . 
 i would still have wanted to take you to the wedding . 
 that 's the difference between us . 
 evil or not , good or not , i wanted you . '' 
 `` i want you , too . 
 but that was not always the case , and you know it . 
 you would care . '' 
 he tightened his grip on her . 
 `` bianka . 
 we can work this out . '' 
 `` no , we ca n't . '' 
 finally , she twisted to face him . 
 `` that would require giving you a second chance , and i do n't do second chances . '' 
 `` i do n't need a second chance . 
 i just need you to think about this . 
 to realize our relationship must stay hidden . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to be your secret shame , lysander . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 she was trying to force his hand , and he did n't like it . 
 `` you steal in secret . 
 you sleep in secret . 
 why not this ? '' 
 `` that you do n't know the answer proves you are n't the warrior i thought you were . 
 have a nice life , lysander , '' she said , jerking from his hold and walking away without a backward glance . 
 chapter twelve lysander sat in the back of the budapest chapel , undetectable , watching bianka help her sisters and their friends decorate for the wedding . 
 she was currently hanging flowers from the vaulted ceiling . 
 without a ladder . 
 he 'd been following her for days , unable to stay away . 
 one thing he 'd noticed : she talked and laughed as if she was fine , normal , but the sparkle was gone from her eyes , her skin.and he had done that to her . 
 worse , not once had she cursed , lied or stolen . 
 again , his fault . 
 he 'd told her she was unworthy of him . 
 he 'd been-was , right ? 
 - too embarrassed of her to tell his people about her . 
 but he could n't deny that he missed her . 
 missed everything about her . 
 that much he knew . 
 she excited him , challenged him , frustrated him , consumed him , drew him , made him feel . 
 he did not want to be without her . 
 something soft brushed his shoulder . 
 he barely managed to tear his gaze from bianka to turn and see that olivia was now sitting beside him . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 he had n't heard her arrive . 
 normally his senses were tuned , alert . 
 `` why did you summon me here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she glanced around nervously . 
 her dark curls framed her face , rosebuds dripping from a few of the strands . 
 `` to budapest ? 
 because you are always here anyway . '' 
 `` as are you these days , '' she replied dryly . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` did you just come from aeron 's room ? '' 
 she gave a reluctant nod . 
 `` raphael came to me , '' he said . 
 the day he 'd lost bianka . 
 the worst day of his existence . 
 `` those flowers are n't centered , b , '' the redheaded kaia called , claiming his attention and stopping the rest of his speech to his charge . 
 `` shift them a little to the left . '' 
 bianka expelled a frustrated sigh . 
 `` like this ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my left , dummy . '' 
 grumbling , bianka obeyed . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 kaia beamed up at her . 
 bianka flipped her off , and lysander grinned . 
 thank the one true deity he had not killed all of her spirit . 
 `` i think they 're perfect , too , '' her youngest sister , gwendolyn , said . 
 bianka released the ceiling panels and dropped to the floor . 
 when she landed , she straightened as if the jolt had not affected her in any way . 
 `` glad the princess is finally happy with something , '' she muttered . 
 then , more loudly , `` i do n't understand why you ca n't get married in a tree like a civilized harpy . '' 
 gwen anchored her hands on her fists . 
 `` because my dream has always been to be wed in a chapel like any other normal person . 
 now , will someone please remove the naked portraits of sabin from the walls ? 
 please . '' 
 `` why would you want to get rid of them when i just spent all that time hanging them ? '' 
 anya , goddess of anarchy and companion to lucien , keeper of death , asked , clearly offended . 
 `` they add a little something extra to what would otherwise be very boring proceedings . 
 my wedding will have strippers . 
 live ones . '' 
 `` boring ? 
 boring ! '' 
 fury passed over gwen 's features , black bleeding into her eyes , her teeth sharpening . 
 lysander had watched this same change overtake her multiple times already . 
 in the past hour alone . 
 `` it wo n't be boring , '' ashlyn , companion to maddox , the keeper of violence , said soothingly . 
 `` it 'll be beautiful . '' 
 the pregnant woman rubbed her rounded belly . 
 that belly was larger than it should have been , given the early state of her pregnancy . 
 no one seemed to realize it , though . 
 they would soon enough , he supposed . 
 he just hoped they were ready for what she carried . 
 what would a child of bianka 's be like ? 
 he suddenly wondered . 
 harpy , like her ? 
 angel , like him ? 
 or a mix of both ? 
 a pang took root and flourished in his chest . 
 `` boring ? '' 
 gwen snarled again , clearly not ready to let the insult slide . 
 `` great ! '' 
 bianka threw up her arms . 
 `` someone get sabin before gwennie kills us all in a rage . '' 
 a harpy in a rage could hurt even other harpies , lysander knew . 
 as gwen 's consort , sabin , keeper of doubt , was the only one who could calm her . 
 with that thought , lysander 's head tilted to the side . 
 he had never seen bianka erupt , he realized . 
 she 'd viewed everything as a game . 
 well , not true . 
 once , she had gotten mad . 
 the time paris had punched him . 
 lysander had been her enemy , but she 'd still gotten mad over his mistreatment . 
 lysander had calmed her . 
 the pang grew in intensity , and he rubbed his breastbone . 
 was he bianka 's consort ? 
 did he want to be ? 
 `` no need to search me out . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 sabin strode through the double doors . 
 `` as if i 'd be more than a few feet away when she 's so sensitiv-uh , just in case she needed my help . 
 gwen , baby . '' 
 there at the end , his tone had lowered , gentled . 
 he reached her and pulled her into his arms ; she snuggled against him . 
 `` the most important thing tomorrow is that we 'll be together . 
 right ? '' 
 `` lysander , '' olivia said , drawing his attention from the now-cooing couple . 
 `` the wait is difficult . 
 raphael came to you and ... what ? '' 
 lysander sighed , forcing himself to concentrate . 
 `` answer a few questions for me first . '' 
 `` all right , '' she said after a brief hesitation . 
 `` why do you like aeron when he is so different from you ? '' 
 she twisted the fabric of her robe . 
 `` i think i like him because he is so different from me . 
 he has thrived amid darkness , managing to retain a spark of light in his soul . 
 he is not perfect , is not blameless , but he could have given in to his demon long ago and yet still he fights . 
 he protects those he loves . 
 his passion for life is ... '' she shivered . 
 `` amazing . 
 and really , he only hurts people when his demon overtakes him-and only if they are wicked , at that . 
 innocents , he leaves alone . '' 
 it was the same with bianka . 
 yet lysander had tried to make her ashamed of herself . 
 ashamed when she should only be proud of what she had accomplished , thriving amid darkness , as olivia had said . 
 `` and you are not embarrassed for our kind to know of your affection for him ? '' 
 `` embarrassed of aeron ? '' 
 olivia laughed . 
 `` when he is stronger , fiercer , more alive than anyone i know ? 
 of course not . 
 i would be proud to be called his woman . 
 not that it could ever happen , '' she added sadly . 
 proud . 
 there was that word again . 
 and this time , something clicked in his mind . 
 i 'm not going to be your secret shame , lysander , bianka had said . 
 he 'd reminded her that she committed all her other sins in secret . 
 why not him ? 
 she had n't told him the answer , but it came to him now . 
 because she 'd been proud of him . 
 because she 'd wanted to show him off . 
 as he should have wanted to show her off . 
 any other man would have been proud to stand beside her . 
 she was beautiful , intelligent , witty , passionate and lived by her own moral code . 
 her laughter was more lovely than the song of a harp , her kiss as sweet as a prayer . 
 he 'd considered her the spawn of lucifer , yet she was a gift from the one true deity . 
 he was such a fool . 
 `` have i answered your questions sufficiently ? '' 
 olivia asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he was surprised by the rawness of his voice . 
 had he ruined things irreparably between them ? 
 `` so answer a few now for me . '' 
 unable to find his voice , he nodded . 
 he had to make this right . 
 had to try , at least . 
 `` bianka . 
 the harpy you watch . 
 do you love her ? '' 
 love . 
 he found her among the crowd and the pang in his chest grew unbearable . 
 she was currently adding a magic marker mustache to one of sabin 's portraits while kaia added ... other things down below . 
 kaia was giggling ; bianka looked like she was just going through the motions , taking no joy . 
 he wanted her happy . 
 wanted her the way she 'd been . 
 `` you think you are embarrassed of her , '' olivia continued when he gave no response . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 he forced the words to leave him . 
 `` i am-or was-a joy-bringer , lysander . 
 it was my job to know what people were feeling and then help them see the truth . 
 because only in truth can one find real joy . 
 you were never embarrassed of her . 
 i know you . 
 you are embarrassed by nothing . 
 you were simply scared . 
 scared that you were not what she needs . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 could that be true ? 
 he 'd tried to change her . 
 had tried to make her what he was so that she , in turn , would like what he was ? 
 yes . 
 yes , that made sense , and for the second time in his existence , he hated himself . 
 he had let bianka get away from him . 
 when he should have sung her praises to all of the heavens , he had cast her aside . 
 no man was more foolish . 
 irreparable damage or not , he had to try and win her back . 
 he jumped to his feet . 
 `` i do , '' he said . 
 `` i love her . '' 
 he wanted to throw his arms around her . 
 wanted to shout to all the world that she belonged to him . 
 that she had chosen him as her man . 
 his shoulders slumped . 
 chosen . 
 key word . 
 past tense . 
 she would not choose him again . 
 she did not give second chances , she 'd said . 
 she often lies ... for the first time , the thought that his woman liked to lie caused him to smile . 
 perhaps she had lied about that . 
 perhaps she would give him a second chance . 
 a chance to prove his love . 
 if he had to grovel , he would . 
 she was his temptation , but that did not have to be a bad thing . 
 that could be his salvation . 
 after all , his life would mean nothing without her . 
 same for her . 
 she had told him that he was her own temptation . 
 he could be her salvation . 
 `` thank you , '' he told olivia . 
 `` thank you for showing me the truth . '' 
 `` always my pleasure . '' 
 how should he approach bianka ? 
 when ? 
 urgency flooded him . 
 he wanted to do so now . 
 as a warrior , though , he knew some battles required planning . 
 and as this was the most important battle of his existence , plan his attack he would . 
 if she forgave him and decided to be with him , they would still have a tough road ahead . 
 where would they live ? 
 his duties were in the heavens . 
 she thrived on earth , with her family nearby . 
 plus , olivia was destined to kill aeron , who would essentially be bianka 's brother-in-law after tomorrow . 
 and if olivia decided not to , another angel would be chosen to do the job . 
 most likely , that would be lysander . 
 one thing his deity had taught him , however , was that love truly could conquer all . 
 nothing was stronger . 
 they could make this work . 
 `` i 've lost you again , '' olivia said with a laugh . 
 `` before you rush off , you must tell me why you summoned me . 
 what raphael said to you . '' 
 some of his good mood evaporated . 
 while olivia had just given him hope and helped him find the right path , he was about to dash any hopes of a happily-ever-after for her . 
 `` raphael came to me , '' he repeated . 
 just do it ; just say it . 
 `` he told me of the council 's unhappiness with you . 
 he told me they grow weary of your continued defiance . '' 
 her smile fell away . 
 `` i know , '' she whispered . 
 `` i just ... i have n't been able to bring myself to hurt him . 
 watching him gives me joy . 
 and i deserve to experience joy after so many centuries of devoted service , do i not ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and if he is dead , i will never be able to do the things i now dream about . '' 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` what things ? '' 
 `` touching him . 
 curling into his arms . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` kissing him . '' 
 dangerous desires indeed . 
 oh , did he know their power . 
 `` if you never experience them , '' he offered , `` they are easier to resist . '' 
 but he hated to think of this wonderful female being without something she wanted . 
 he could petition the council for aeron 's forgiveness , but that would do no good . 
 a decree was a decree . 
 a law had been broken and someone had to pay . 
 `` very soon , the council will be forced to offer you a choice . 
 your duty or your downfall . '' 
 she gazed down at her hands , once again twisting the fabric of her robe . 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't know why i hesitate . 
 he would never desire me , anyway . 
 the women here , they are exciting , dangerous . 
 as fierce as he is . 
 and i am - '' `` precious , '' he said . 
 `` you are precious . 
 never think otherwise . '' 
 she offered him a shaky smile . 
 `` i have always loved you , olivia . 
 i would hate to see you give up everything you are for a man who has threatened to kill you . 
 you do know what you would be losing , yes ? '' 
 that smile fell away as she nodded . 
 `` you would fall straight into hell . 
 the demons there will go for your wings . 
 they always go for the wings first . 
 no longer will you be impervious to pain . 
 you will hurt , yet you will have to dig your way free of the underground-or die there . 
 your strength will be depleted . 
 your body will not regenerate on its own . 
 you will be more fragile than a human because you were not raised among them . '' 
 while he thought he could survive such a thing , he did not think olivia would . 
 she was too delicate . 
 too ... sheltered . 
 until this point , every facet of her life had dealt with joy and happiness . 
 she had known nothing else . 
 the demons of hell would be crueler to her than they would be even to him , the man they feared more than any other . 
 she was all they despised . 
 wholly good . 
 destroying such innocence and purity would delight them . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 her voice trembled . 
 tears streaked down her cheeks . 
 `` because i do not want you to make the wrong decision . 
 because i want you to know what you 're up against . '' 
 a moment passed in silence , then she jumped up and threw her arms around his neck . 
 `` i love you , you know . '' 
 he squeezed her tightly , sensing that this was her way of saying goodbye . 
 sensing that this would be the last time they were offered such a reprieve . 
 but he would not stop her , whatever path she chose . 
 she pulled back and smoothed her trembling hands down her glistening white robe . 
 `` you have given me much to consider . 
 so now i will leave you to your female . 
 may love always follow you , lysander . '' 
 as she spoke , her wings expanded . 
 up , up she flew , misting through the ceiling-and bianka 's flowers-before disappearing . 
 he hoped she 'd choose her faith , her immortality , over the keeper of wrath , but feared she would not . 
 his gaze strayed to bianka , now walking down the aisle toward the exit . 
 she paused at his row , frowned , before shaking her head and leaving . 
 if he 'd been forced to pick between her and his reputation and lifestyle , he would have picked her , he realized . 
 and now it was time to prove it to her . 
 chapter thirteen i 've got to pull myself from this funk , bianka thought . 
 this was her youngest sister 's wedding day . 
 she should be happy . 
 delighted . 
 if she were honest , though , she was a tiny bit-aka a lot-jealous . 
 gwen 's man , a demon , loved her . 
 was proud of her . 
 lysander considered bianka unworthy.she 'd thought about proving herself to him , but had quickly discarded the idea . 
 proving herself worthy-his idea of worthy , that is-would entail nothing more than a lie . 
 and lysander hated lies . 
 so , according to him , she would never be good enough for him . 
 which meant he was stupid , and she did n't date stupid men . 
 plus , he did n't deserve her . 
 he deserved to rot in his unhappiness . 
 and that 's what he 'd be without her . 
 unhappy . 
 or so she hoped . 
 `` so much for our plan to go naked , '' kaia muttered beside her . 
 `` gwen saw me leave my room that way and almost sliced my throat . '' 
 `` did not , '' the bride in question said from behind them . 
 they turned in unison . 
 bianka 's breath caught as it had every time she 'd seen her youngest sister in her gown . 
 it was a princess cut , which was fitting , the straps thin , the beautiful white lace cinching just under her br ** sts before flowing to her ankles . 
 the material covering her legs was sheer , allowing glimpses of thigh and those gorgeous red heels . 
 her strawberry curls were half up , half down , diamonds glittering through the strands . 
 there was so much love and excitement in her gold-gray eyes it was almost blinding . 
 `` i almost pushed you out a window , '' gwen added . 
 they laughed . 
 even stoic taliyah , their oldest sister , who had her arm wrapped through gwen 's . 
 since it turned out gwen 's father was the lords ' greatest enemy , and gwen 's mom had disowned her years ago , taliyah was escorting gwen down the aisle . 
 `` hence the reason i 'm now wearing this . '' 
 kaia motioned to her own gown , an exact match to bianka 's . 
 a buttercup yellow creation with more ribbons , bows and sequined rose appliques than anyone should wear in an entire lifetime . 
 they even wore hats with orange streamers . 
 gwen shrugged , unrepentant . 
 `` i did n't want you looking prettier than me , so sue me . '' 
 `` weddings suck , '' bianka said . 
 `` you should have just had sabin tattoo your name on his ass and called it good . '' 
 that 's what she would have done . 
 not that lysander ever would have agreed to such a thing . 
 whether they were together or not . 
 which they never would be . 
 bastard . 
 `` i did . 
 have him tattoo my name on his ass , '' gwen said . 
 `` and his arm . 
 and his chest . 
 and his back . 
 but then i casually mentioned how much i 'd always wanted a big wedding , and well , he told me i had four weeks to plan it or he 'd take over and do it himself . 
 and everyone knows men ca n't plan shit . 
 so ... '' she shrugged again , though the excitement and love on her face had intensified . 
 `` are they ready for us yet ? '' 
 bianka and kaia turned back to the chapel , peeking through the crack in the closed doors . 
 `` not yet , '' bianka said . 
 `` paris is missing . '' 
 paris , who had gotten ordained over the internet , would be presiding over the nuptials . 
 `` he better hurry , '' she added grumpily . 
 `` or i 'll find a way to make him oil-wrestle again . '' 
 `` you 've been so depressed lately . 
 missing your angel ? '' 
 kaia asked her , pinkie-waving to amun , who stood in the line of groomsmen beside sabin at the altar . 
 amun should n't have been able to see her , but somehow he did . 
 he nodded , a smile twitching at the corners of his lips . 
 `` of course not . 
 i hate him . '' 
 a lie . 
 she had n't told her sisters why she and lysander had parted , only that they had . 
 forever . 
 if they knew the truth , they 'd want to kill him . 
 and as all but gwen were paid killers , immensely good at their job , she 'd find herself the proud owner of lysander 's head . 
 which she did n't want . 
 she just wanted him . 
 stupid girl . 
 `` i only would have teased you for a few years , you know , '' kaia said . 
 `` you should have kept him around . 
 it might have been fun to corrupt him . '' 
 he did n't want to be corrupted any more than she wanted to be purified . 
 they were too different . 
 could never make anything work . 
 their separation was for the best . 
 so why could n't she get over it ? 
 why did she feel his gaze on her , every minute of every day ? 
 even now , when she looked like a southern belle on crack ? 
 `` so sabin does n't have a last name , '' she said to gwen , drawing attention away from herself . 
 `` are you going to call yourself gwen sabin ? '' 
 `` no , nothing like that . 
 i 'm going to call myself gwen lord . '' 
 `` what 's anya plan to call herself ? 
 anya underworld ? '' 
 kaia asked with a laugh . 
 `` knowing our goddess , she 'll demand lucien take her last name . 
 trouble . 
 or is that her middle name ? '' 
 `` i here , i here , '' a voice suddenly screeched . 
 legion pushed her way in front of bianka and kaia . 
 she was wearing a yellow dress , as well . 
 only hers had more ribbons , bows and sequins . 
 a basket of flowers was clutched in her hands , her too-long nails curling around the handle . 
 best of all , she wore a tiara . 
 because she did n't have hair , it had had to be glued to her scaled head . 
 `` we begin now . '' 
 she did n't wait for permission but shouldered her way through the door . 
 the crowd-which consisted of the lords of the underworld , their companions and some gods and goddesses anya knew-turned and gasped when they saw her . 
 well , except for gideon . 
 he 'd recently been captured and tortured by hunters , the lords ' nemeses , and was currently missing his hands . 
 -lrb- his feet were n't in the best of shape , either . -rrb- 
 because of his injuries , he was beyond weak , so he lay in his gurney , barely conscious . 
 he 'd insisted on coming , though . 
 from his pew , aeron smiled indulgently as legion tossed pink petals in every direction . 
 just as she reached the front , paris raced to the podium . 
 he looked harried , pale , and sabin punched him in the shoulder . 
 sabin looked amazing . 
 he wore a black tux , his hair slicked back , and when he turned to face the door , watching for gwen , his entire face lit . 
 with love . 
 with pride . 
 bianka 's jealousy increased . 
 she wanted that . 
 wanted her man to find her perfect in every way . 
 was that too much to ask ? 
 apparently so . 
 stupid lysander . 
 `` go , go , go , '' gwen ordered , giving them a little push . 
 bianka kicked into motion , heading toward strider , her appointed groomsman . 
 he smiled at her when she reached him . 
 he would be proud to call her his woman , she thought . 
 she tried to make herself return the gesture , but her eyes were too busy filling with tears . 
 she looked around , trying to distract herself . 
 the chapel really was beautiful . 
 the glittery white flowers she 'd hung from the ceiling were thick and lush and offered a canopy , a haven . 
 they were the best part of the decor , if you asked her . 
 candles flickered with golden light , twining with shadows . 
 kaia approached her side , and everyone except for gideon stood . 
 the music changed , slowing down to the bridal march . 
 gwen and taliyah appeared . 
 sabin 's breath caught . 
 yes , that was the way a man should react to the sight of his woman . 
 what makes you think you were ever lysander 's woman ? 
 because she was his one temptation . 
 because of the reverent way he had touched her . 
 because she liked how he made her feel . 
 because they balanced each other . 
 because he completed her in a way she had n't known she needed . 
 he was the light to her darkness . 
 he was willing to show you that light . 
 over and over again . 
 perhaps she should have fought for him . 
 that 's what she was , after all . 
 a fighter . 
 yet she 'd given in as if he meant nothing to her when he had somehow become the most important thing in her life . 
 bianka did n't mean to , but she tuned out as paris gave his speech and the happy couple recited their vows , her thoughts remaining focused on lysander . 
 should she try and fight for him now ? 
 if so , how would she go about it ? 
 only when the crowd cheered did she snap out of her haze , watching as sabin and gwen kissed . 
 then they were marching down the aisle and out the doors together . 
 the rest of the bridal party made their way out , as well . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 strider asked , holding out his arm for her . 
 `` she ca n't . '' 
 paris grabbed her arm . 
 `` you 're needed in that room . '' 
 with his free hand , he pointed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 was he planning revenge against her for forcing him to oil-wrestle lysander ? 
 he had n't mentioned it in the days since her return to buda , but he could n't be happy with her . 
 he should be thanking her , for gods ' sake . 
 he 'd gotten to touch all of lysander 's hawtness . 
 paris rolled his eyes . 
 `` just go before your boyfriend decides he 's tired of waiting and comes out here . '' 
 her boyfriend . 
 lysander ? 
 could n't be . 
 could it ? 
 but why would he have come ? 
 heart drumming in her chest , she walked forward . 
 she did n't allow herself to run , though she wanted to soooo badly . 
 she reached the door . 
 her hand shook as she turned the knob . 
 hinges creaked . 
 then she was staring into-an empty room . 
 her teeth ground together . 
 paris 's revenge , just as she 'd figured . 
 of course . 
 that rat bastard piece of shit was going to pay . 
 she was n't just going to make him oil-wrestle . 
 she was going to - `` hello , bianka . '' 
 lysander . 
 gasping , she whipped around . 
 her eyes widened . 
 in an instant , the chapel had been transformed . 
 no longer were her sisters and friends inside . 
 lysander and his kind occupied every spare inch . 
 angels were everywhere , light surrounding them and putting gwen 's candles to shame . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she demanded , not daring to hope . 
 `` i came to beg your forgiveness . '' 
 his arms spread . 
 `` i came to tell you that i am proud to be your man . 
 i brought my friends and brethren to bear witness to my proclamation . '' 
 she swallowed , still not letting hope take over . 
 `` but i 'm evil and that 's not going to change . 
 i 'm your temptation . 
 you could , i do n't know , lose everything by being with me . '' 
 the thought hit her , and she wanted to wilt . 
 he could lose everything . 
 no wonder he had wanted to destroy her . 
 no wonder he had wanted to hide her . 
 `` no , you are not evil . 
 and i do n't want you to change . 
 you are beautiful and intelligent and brave . 
 but more than that , you are my everything . 
 i am nothing without you . 
 not good , not right , not complete . 
 and do not worry . 
 i will not lose everything as you said . 
 you have not committed an unpardonable sin . '' 
 she gulped . 
 `` and if i do ? '' 
 `` i will fall . '' 
 okay . 
 a small kernel of hope managed to seep inside her . 
 but no way would she let him fall . 
 ever . 
 he loved being an angel . 
 `` what brought this on ? '' 
 `` i finally pulled my head out of my ass , '' he said dryly . 
 he 'd said ass . 
 lysander had just said the word ass . 
 more hope beat its way inside and she had to press her lips together to keep from smiling . 
 and crying ! 
 tears were springing in her eyes , burning . 
 could they actually make their relationship work ? 
 just a little bit ago , she 'd been grateful-or pretending to be grateful-that they were apart , since so many obstacles existed . 
 `` i only hope you can love so foolish a man . 
 i am willing to live wherever you desire . 
 i am willing to do anything you need to win you back . '' 
 he dropped to his knees . 
 `` i love you , bianka skyhawk . 
 i would be proud to be yours . '' 
 he was proud of her . 
 he wanted her . 
 he loved her . 
 it was everything she 'd secretly dreamed about this past week . 
 yes , they could make this work . 
 they would be together , and that was the most important thing . 
 but she told him none of that . 
 `` now ? '' 
 she screeched instead . 
 `` you decided to introduce me to your friends now ? 
 when i look like this ? '' 
 scowling , she peeked over his shoulder at them and saw their stunned expressions . 
 `` i usually look better than this , you know . 
 you should have seen me the other day . 
 when i was naked . '' 
 lysander stood . 
 `` that 's all you have to say to me ? '' 
 she focused back on him . 
 his eyes were as wide as hers had been , his arms crossed over his middle . 
 `` no . 
 there 's more , '' she grumbled . 
 `` but i will never live this yellow gown thing down , you know . '' 
 `` bianka . '' 
 `` yes , i love you , too . 
 but if you ever decide i 'm unworthy again , i 'll show you just how demonic i can be . '' 
 `` deal . 
 but you do n't have to worry , love , '' he said , a slow smile lifting those delectable lips . 
 `` it is i who am unworthy . 
 i only pray you never learn of this . '' 
 `` oh , i know it already , '' she said , and his grin spread . 
 `` now c ` mere , you . '' 
 she cupped the back of his neck and jerked him down for a kiss . 
 his arms banded around her , holding her close . 
 she 'd never thought to be paired with an angel , but she could n't regret it now . 
 not when lysander was the angel in question . 
 `` are you sure you 're ready for me ? '' 
 she asked him when they came up for air . 
 he nipped at her chin . 
 `` i 've been ready for you my entire life . 
 i just did n't know it until now . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 with a whoop , she jumped up and wound her legs around his waist . 
 a wave of gasps circled the room . 
 they were still here ? 
 `` ditch your friends , i 'll blow off my sister 's reception and we 'll go oil-wrestle . '' 
 `` funny , '' he said , wings enveloping her as he flew her up , up and into his cloud . 
 `` that 's exactly what i was thinking . '' 
 `` funny , '' he said , wings enveloping her as he flew her up , up and into his cloud . 
 `` that 's exactly what i was thinking . '' 
