 prologue after all he has done to me , i still find myself unable to fully blame him . 
 because truthfully , some women are n't meant to be loved . 
 and by some women , i mean me . 
 i. am . 
 evil . 
 the worst kind of evil . 
 there are no limits to the death , destruction , and mayhem i will bring to your doorstep if it suits my needs . 
 i will pretend to be your ally . 
 i will pretend to give a rat 's ass about your happiness when in reality only one thing matters . 
 survival . 
 okay , survival and avoiding na ** d clowns . 
 judge me if you will , but this is the cold , hard truth about being the goddess of the underworld . 
 because i 've seen the future . 
 it holds no joy or hope . 
 there is no sunlight . 
 no love . 
 no glorious garage sales where once useful items are given a second chance at a new life . 
 there is only death . 
 so much death . 
 and it 's up to me to stop it . 
 me alone . 
 okay , minky and me , but mostly me . 
 potatoes , patatoes . 
 and what 's my plan ? 
 try to forget him . 
 and avoid watching love boat marathons . 
 and definitely avoid bugs . 
 ca n't afford any distractions . 
 not now . 
 not when this giant mess is all my fault . 
 why did i ever dare to dream that i could find love and happiness ? 
 i. am . 
 evil . 
 or maybe i 'm just crazy ... part one-cimil and narmer the early years chapter one 3000 bc -lrb- give or take a few centuries . 
 who the hell 's counting ? -rrb- 
 the day started like any other . 
 a typical day in the life of a goddess . 
 an ancient , lonely , bored-out-of-her-immortal-skull goddess . 
 i opened my mind to my brethren , listened to their thoughts -lrb- yawn -rrb- , felt their worries -lrb- trivial -rrb- , and contemplated my otherworldly navel until i decided where my talents were most needed in the world . 
 on this day , that meant checking in on my brother kinich , god of the sun , whose self-imposed exile was seriously getting on everyone 's last nerve . 
 especially mine . 
 do n't get me wrong ; i was also worried . 
 what affected him affected all of us . 
 we were connected . 
 brethren of the same light . 
 and we all tasted his pain , which is why i can say ... what a big baby ! 
 yes , yes , it sucked to be a deity , a slave to mankind 's well-being with no end in sight , no hope of finding true love , owning a pet sea turtle -lrb- do n't ask -rrb- , or of having a life , but that was the gig . 
 how many millennia did it take to sink in ? 
 apparently , for kinich , more than two . 
 or three . 
 or four . 
 it was time to bring him back to our realm , time to take his place among us . 
 so i hopped into the portal , which spat me out in the usual place-a cenote in mexico -lrb- see definition in back . 
 okay ? 
 did you do it ? 
 did you ? 
 good . 
 and moving on ... -rrb- - summoned minky my trusty unicorn ; longingly stroked a sea turtle ; and dashed off to giza , egypt , where kinich was hiding out . 
 like i said , a typical day . 
 jealous ? 
 well , do n't be . 
 i have n't gotten to the real story yet . 
 cue jazz hands and waffly waves of air for extended flashback ... it all started when i arrived at the small dusty market . 
 normally , this section of giza bustled with camels , caged birds , and those other stinky animals-humans-but on this particular day , the place was a ghost town . 
 when i asked minky to do a quick sweep of the city , she immediately reported back . 
 the masses were gathered outside the pharaoh 's palace for a big speech . 
 naturally , we went to check it out , and that 's when i saw him . 
 hello , man candy ! 
 as i stood at the foot of his great temple , the desert sun glistened off his rippling abs and deeply tanned bare chest , his golden staff gripped in his large , powerful hand -lrb- yes , yes . 
 i mean a real staff ! 
 not his man-trinket . 
 jeez ... -rrb- . 
 in typical pharaoh fashion , he had a razor-thin beard , more like a sculpted five o'clock shadow , along the very edge of his jaw and an elaborately braided goatee , which we shall call a pharaoh-tee . 
 'cause this hottie was no goat . 
 he was more of a huge frigging viper in a man 's skin-deadly , powerful , with a barbaric gleam in his eyes . 
 he wore a tall black-and-gold headdress that on any other man would scream `` please kick my ass , '' but on him , it looked pharaoh-licious . 
 i licked my lips and watched with sheer fascination as his dark eyes drilled into the crowd , daring anyone to step forward and defy him . 
 i shivered from the raw potency of his male strength . 
 and when our eyes met for the briefest of moments , it felt like being hit with a bolt of lightning . 
 naughty , dirty lightning . 
 who . 
 is . 
 that ? 
 i thought . 
 yes , yes . 
 i knew he was the king . 
 but who was he really ? 
 what made him tick ? 
 why did he glow with an intoxicating inner light that drew me in like a multifamily hut sale ? 
 -lrb- the bc version of a garage sale , but with pelts , used stoneware-yes , yes , made from real stone-and the occasional old donkey . -rrb- 
 point was , something about him was utterly irresistible . 
 why ? 
 inquiring immortal minds want to know ... immortal minds also wanted to know what it would take to knock that pretty , pretty man off his pretty , pretty pedestal . 
 i wanted to own him . 
 i wanted to bend him to my will and have him begging me for attention . 
 i wanted to break him . 
 now , before you judge , my precious little people-pets , i 'll refer you back to the earlier part of my story . 
 the part where i tell you i am ancient , lonely , and bored . 
 i ca n't help who i am or that when i see a mortal such as him , it feels like receiving a shiny new toy from the universe herself . 
 and auntie cimi wants to play . 
 i elbowed the bald man to my side , standing with me among an ocean of loyal subjects who 'd come to listen to their pharaoh publicly decree that from this day forward , egypt would be a united people . 
 `` tell me , '' i said in the man 's native tongue , `` where does your king spend his nights ? '' 
 the man 's shendyt-a simple pleated , white linen skirt-and golden armband told me he was a slave . 
 one who belonged to the king , perhaps serving food or providing entertainment . 
 the human did n't answer , but instead stared nervously . 
 i got that reaction a lot . 
 sometimes i wore my hair bobbed , sometimes long and wild as it was today , but it was always flaming red and equally as uncommon as my pale skin and turquoise eyes . 
 thank the gods that mortals ca n't see minky . 
 i gripped the slave 's shoulder and stared deeply into his eyes . 
 `` tell me your name . '' 
 the man blinked several times . 
 `` adom . '' 
 adom means `` receives help from the gods . '' 
 it 's his lucky day ! 
 `` adom , '' i said , `` you will tell me everything you know about your pharaoh , and in exchange , you will be free . 
 forever . 
 you will be transported anywhere you like and given a purse of gold coins . '' 
 the man nodded slowly and pointed north . 
 i am a good goddess . 
 i am a gentle goddess . 
 i am a patient goddess . 
 i will not turn him into a dung beetle . 
 `` you 'll have to be more specific , '' i said . 
 `` t-t-temple of the sun . 
 temple of ra . '' 
 hmmm ... how ironic . 
 i 'd actually come to egypt looking for a real live sun god . 
 of course , kinich did n't really hang out in temples , given he pretended to be a commoner . 
 a seven-foot , golden-haired commoner with turquoise eyes . 
 at least his tan fit right in . 
 `` is your king married ? 
 got a girlfriend ? 
 what kind of music does he like ? 
 ska revival ? 
 dubstep ? 
 oh , wait ! 
 i know , eighties love ballads ! '' 
 i had to imagine a male as beautiful and strong as the pharaoh had hundreds of willing women at his beck and call . 
 and what better music for a stud-gyptian like him than journey ? 
 adom shook his head no . 
 `` i do not understand your words . '' 
 i sighed . 
 that was my problem ; no one did . 
 probably due to the fact that the dead constantly chattered away in the background of my mind-a sound reminiscent of a really , really big cocktail party-sharing every memory they 'd ever had . 
 they also existed in a place beyond the confines of time . 
 they were from the future and the past , which made it extremely difficult to keep the present straight inside my head . 
 `` skip the music question , spanky . 
 just tell me about his love situation , '' i said . 
 `` but i am named adom , my lady . '' 
 `` oh , spanky , have you learned nothing yet ? '' 
 i smiled sweetly . 
 `` now speak ! 
 or i 'll rip off your toenails ! '' 
 `` my king , '' adom explained nervously , `` has taken a vow of chastity until he finds his queen . 
 he believes women rob men of their power and will only share his with her . '' 
 oh . 
 now this just got a whole hell of a lot more interesting . 
 because if there was one thing i liked more than tasty , powerful mortals -lrb- and playing with them like a cat plays with a mouse -rrb- , it was a challenge . 
 `` so if he were on the prowl , '' i asked , `` what flavor would he go for ? 
 chocolate , strawberry , peanut butter banana ? '' 
 adom stared blankly , a dribble of sweat streaming from his temple , his shiny brown head reflecting the hot desert sun . 
 ugh . 
 `` what kind of women does he like ? '' 
 `` i do not know . 
 i have never seen him with a woman . '' 
 dang it . 
 curse you , nature ! 
 you think you 're sooo funny taking the cutest ones away from us girls ! 
 i sighed . 
 `` are you sure he would not like me ? 
 i come in all flavors of crazy . 
 most men , even those who prefer a hockey stick to a puck , want a little lick . '' 
 `` i-i-i can not say . 
 you are very frightening . '' 
 true . 
 so true . 
 but ... `` that 's not what i meant . 
 oh , never mind ! 
 i will simply have to see for myself . 
 off with you ! '' 
 i patted adom on the head and looked up , up , up at minky who was about the size of my pet whale . 
 of course , minky only had one head and was invisible . 
 the moment my friend adom touched her , he would be invisible , too . 
 `` minky , baby , go with adom . 
 once you are out of sight , you know what to do . '' 
 she 'd take him anywhere he liked and give him as much gold as he could carry . 
 i always kept a few hundred pounds strapped to minky 's saddle . 
 one never knew when one might find a good sale . 
 or encounter a bribable sea turtle . 
 -lrb- do n't ask . -rrb- 
 minky flailed her head and neighed . 
 `` yes , '' i replied . 
 `` i 'll be in the sun god suite when you return . '' 
 i turned to adom . 
 `` all righty ! 
 off you go ! 
 see ya , papi . '' 
 i gave adom a pat on the tushy . 
 `` fly ! 
 be free ! '' 
 adom zombied off through the crowd with minky on his tail . 
 as for me ? 
 i had a sun god to hunt down before my date with a power-hungry , pious mortal who 'd finally met his match . 
 damn straight , women rob men of their power . 
 especially when it came to me . 
 * * * just after midnight , i approached the massive rectangular doorway of the temple of the sun . 
 i 'd spent the day combing dusty markets , smelling the stench of ripe animal dung , and asking around for kinich . 
 people knew who he was , but not where , which meant he was likely on another extended nude sunbathing excursion in the desert or off praying to the creator to make him mortal . 
 who knew ? 
 i 'd send minky out to search when she returned . 
 but point was , i really needed a little fun time to wash away my pissy mood . 
 this part of the world was blistering , sandy , and the human males did not grant me a shred of cred when i told them i 'd lop off their hands if they groped me . 
 for the record , it 's seriously no fun lopping off men 's hands when they do n't see it coming . 
 it 's the screaming leading up to the lopping event that makes the punishment magical ! 
 in any case , someone needed to teach these horny sycophants some manners-a topic i planned to bring up with mr. hunky skirt after i hobbled his royal ego and wrapped him around my immortal pinkie . 
 after i determined which ice cream he preferred , that was . 
 nut delight or soft-serve ? 
 cloaked in a black shroud , i approached the two bare-chested guards wearing manly microminis and then paused in front of the stone fire pit at the entrance . 
 i gazed appreciatively at the torch-lit , glyph-covered walls . 
 the structure itself was quite impressive . 
 so monumental , in fact , that from a distance , the giant statues of ra-the egyptian sun god-to either side of the grand entryway appeared as tiny figurines balancing oranges atop their heads . 
 `` evenin ' there , cowboys . 
 what are your names ? '' 
 i unveiled my head and watched the firelight dance in their pupils as they took me in . 
 `` where did she come from ? '' 
 gasped the man on the left . 
 `` she must be a creature from the bowels of the underworld , '' said the man on the right . 
 i shot righty the stink eye before i stomped his toes with my sandal-clad foot . 
 `` oh now , that was just rude . 
 do i look like i came from a bowel ? '' 
 i opened my cloak and revealed my very skimpy white halter , busty chest , and little white sarong . 
 i 'd made both from panels of linen i 'd `` borrowed '' from a merchant in the market . 
 `` where 's the chivalry ? 
 really ? 
 i bet you do n't get many dates , do you ? '' 
 the man trembled and blinked . 
 `` serenity , big boy . 
 serenity . '' 
 i closed my cloak . 
 `` actually , i am the goddess of the underworld . 
 and by the way , i 'm pretty tired of being mistaken for a man . 
 osiris ? 
 oooh , please ! 
 do i look like an osiris ? '' 
 the two men stared blankly . 
 `` fine . 
 clearly we wo n't resolve this now . 
 take me to your leader , '' i said in a deep , ominous voice . 
 suddenly , i spotted a beetle scuttling across the entryway , heading toward my foot . 
 ewww ! 
 i stomped on it , smashing the tiny villain into an unrecognizable pulp . 
 the two men gasped . 
 `` you killed a sacred scarab , '' said righty . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i 'm just getting started . 
 wait till you see what i do to your king . 
 now move it , princess ! '' 
 the man on the left lowered his spear and pointed it at my chest . 
 grrrr ... time for a little game of cimi says . 
 i switched to my compelling voice and repeated my instructions . 
 if that did n't get him moving fast enough , then i 'd simply call upon one of my many other gifts . 
 and let me tell you , i had hundreds of tricks up my proverbial sleeve . 
 far more than any of my brethren . 
 pain , compelling , bug makeovers , physical strength , the ability to sniff out a bargain , speaking all languages , speaking to the dead , nabbing souls , calligraphy , the list went on and on . 
 what was my secret ? 
 those mexican cenotes -lrb- freshwater pools we used as portals , for you people who did n't listen to me and look up the word as i commanded -rrb- were jacked up with the most concentrated , supernatural energy known to god-kind , straight from the river of tlaloc , which flows between our two dimensions , creating a fabulous superhighway for me and my thirteen brothers and sisters . 
 now , if you do n't know my brethren , i 'll fill you in later-they 're quite the funky bunch-but the point i 'm making is that the river has power . 
 learn to tap into it , and it 's a deity flintstone vitamin , and by deity , i mean me . 
 i 'm the only one who 's figured it all out . 
 that 's why i am undefeatable . 
 `` right this way , '' said lefty . 
 i did n't know if he was a lefty , but he was the man on the left so i christened him lefty . 
 the two men led me inside , through a maze of lavishly adorned chambers , and then out to a large private garden . 
 statues and fire pits lined the stone walkway that led to the steps of a smaller temple where two more guards stood with spears crossed over the doorway . 
 `` she is here to see our pharaoh , '' said righty . 
 the two new door jockeys exchanged glances . 
 `` no one enters . '' 
 ugh . 
 i do n't have time for this . 
 i pushed past lefty and righty . 
 `` take me . 
 now . '' 
 i commanded the two new plebes . 
 they did n't move . 
 `` what if i offer you a sandwich ? '' 
 i winked provocatively . 
 they exchanged glances , clearly intrigued by my offer of this mysterious thing called a `` sandwich , '' but did n't budge . 
 little did they know how males from the future would covet said sandwich . 
 almost as much as pizza , beer , and p ** n . 
 `` fine . 
 hardball it is ! 
 move . 
 now , '' i said , using my compelling voice . 
 they pulled back their spears but then froze in place with awkward , uncomfortably contorted faces . 
 darn it . 
 i brain locked them . 
 sometimes it happened . 
 nobody ever said my powers were perfect . 
 `` everyone stay put until i return , '' i grumbled . 
 `` and do n't let anyone in . 
 i 'm sure your pharaoh wo n't want to be bothered . 
 unless he 's into nut delight , in which case , i 'll be right back . '' 
 i left the four men behind and entered the temple . 
 `` now , where the hell is my man cand - '' my jaw dropped the moment i entered the spacious sleeping chamber and spotted the king standing outside on his private terrace , gazing up at the night sky , wearing nothing but a teeny-tiny , tight little man-skirt . 
 no man-panty lines , either , which obviously meant he was one piece of cloth away from being perfect -lrb- aka naked -rrb- . 
 well , hellooooo , cowboy ! 
 twisted into tiny plaits adorned with gold beads and thread , his long black hair cascaded down the center of his deeply tanned , broad back . 
 his smooth skin rippled with powerful muscles , two of which were his hard ass . 
 i sucked in an equally hard breath . 
 that hard ass was connected to the most gorgeous set of powerful , manly thighs i 'd ever seen on a mortal . 
 i could only imagine what hung down the other side . 
 `` are you going to say something or simply stand there all night staring at my ass ? '' 
 he said in a deep , calm voice , not bothering to turn around . 
 `` was that a trick question ? 
 obviously , i 'm going to stare at your ass . '' 
 * * * from the moment the strange woman entered his chamber , he knew she was there . 
 her energy filled the room like a fragrant oil fills the nostrils . 
 of course , he had been expecting her . 
 a prayer to the goddess bastet never went unanswered when one 's heart was true to the deities and of divine origin as was his . 
 and when the woman arrived , he looked out across the dark , star-filled sky , thanking the deities for delivering his wish : a divine female worthy of his greatness , to worship his strength and power , and to provide him with many heirs to rule after his mortal shell crossed over the glorious banks of the nile to join the gods for eternity . 
 `` i 've been expecting you . '' 
 he turned , proudly showing off his cloaked but prominently displayed phallus . 
 after all , there was no purpose in hiding his glorious erection . 
 it was a badge of honor , a sign of his superior , kingly virility . 
 and of his desperation to end the self-imposed sexual drought . 
 he 'd vowed to the gods to abstain until her arrival , confident they would be pleased by his sacrifice and deliver his request . 
 they had . 
 delivered , that was . 
 there were simply a few unexpected turns . 
 nothing a powerful pharaoh could not handle . 
 what mattered was that his agony was finally over . 
 he would bed her immediately , this very evening , and plant his seed . 
 the ceremonies and public declarations to appease the subjects could come after he 'd had his fill of her silky , pale thighs and saw the sure signs of a new life within her . 
 the woman 's wide , jewel-colored eyes dropped to his shaft and drank him in without shame . 
 `` is that a pyramid in your man-skirt or are you hiding my unicorn ? '' 
 `` you like what you see ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` does a sea turtle play hopscotch when no one 's looking ? 
 do na ** d clowns run in terror when they see me coming ? 
 does bigfoot have a ` rides free on saturdays ' pass for minky ? '' 
 she stared blankly and then sighed loudly . 
 `` yes . 
 the answer is ... yes ! '' 
 what odd phrases this woman speaks . 
 `` good . 
 this pleases me . 
 there will be no room for shyness in my bed . '' 
 he reached for her chin , instantly feeling a powerful burst of energy course through him . 
 he made a point not to react ; he 'd been expecting a goddess , after all . 
 he tilted her head and stared down at her . 
 `` you are very small but quite lovely . 
 i could not have picked better myself . '' 
 yes , she will make a fine queen . 
 he yanked off his shendyt and pointed toward the large sleeping platform covered with the finest pillows and softest sheets known to man . 
 `` now disrobe and lay down so that i may enjoy the pleasures of your divine flesh . '' 
 chapter two -lrb- yep . 
 still in 3000 bc . -rrb- 
 well . 
 not what i was expecting from the king . 
 i felt my left eye tick with anger . 
 had this ... man , this lowly mortal commanded me to strip and get into his bed ? 
 me ? 
 and ... is he really , really showing me his scepter ? 
 do n't get me wrong , i was more than pleased to learn i floated the pharaoh 's feluccas , but frankly , i expected more of a challenge . 
 this guy was ready to show me his treasure , and all i had to do was walk through the door . 
 what happened to his vow of celibacy ? 
 darn it . 
 easy men are no fun ! 
 i suppose it will be equally fun teaching him a bit of humility . 
 clearly he 'd never had to work for a woman 's affection . 
 clearly his sense of reality was grossly distorted by his gilded cage . 
 clearly he had no idea who he was dealing with : the most powerful deity in the universe . 
 one who claimed souls just for kicks and spoke to the dead . 
 i saw the future , the past , and the present through their eyes . 
 i 'd mastered the power of the river of tlaloc ! 
 dammit . 
 i had a godsdamned unicorn ! 
 yet he thought he could command me like a two-camel whore ? 
 but did you see his beast-sized penis ? 
 i shrugged . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 i shed my robe and hopped onto his bed . 
 he stared with a peculiar grin . 
 `` what ? 
 you were expecting me to cower ? '' 
 i patted the space to my side . 
 `` i 'm waiting . '' 
 `` well , i-uhhh ... '' he tilted his head . 
 `` you are a very peculiar goddess . 
 from where did you come ? '' 
 good frigging question . 
 `` where did you come from ? '' 
 he lifted his chin and crossed his arms over his brawny chest . 
 `` you are not in a position to ask questions of me , woman . '' 
 `` i 'm not ? '' 
 his eye twitched with anger . 
 `` that was another question . '' 
 `` so is this . 
 ready ? 
 what 's the difference between a hooker and a crack dealer ? '' 
 oh , he was so going to love this ! 
 `` my patience wears thin , woman . 
 you will cease speaking in tongues and asking questions ! '' 
 `` the hooker can wash her crack and sell it again ! '' 
 i burst out laughing and rolled onto my stomach , using one of his pillows-ooh . 
 soft ! 
 - to mop up the tears pouring from my face . 
 gods , i had n't had this good of a chuckle for a few decades . 
 this feels fantastic . 
 the pharaoh flipped me over . 
 `` you dare mock me ? 
 i do not care what you are , i will have you whipped if you do not curb your tongue , woman . '' 
 my chuckle died as i considered grabbing that giant penis of his and giving it a little twist and shout . 
 no , that would be unfair . 
 his penis has done nothing wrong . 
 yet . 
 but one can certainly hope ! 
 i stared into the depths of his pupils , the light of the small lamp flickering in his eyes . 
 and that 's when i saw it . 
 `` holy camel shit ! '' 
 i scrambled away and jumped off the bed , placing my back against the stone wall . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i could n't begin to articulate what i 'd seen . 
 him , me , the birth of the universe , the death of everything . 
 happiness . 
 destruction . 
 light . 
 darkness . 
 all possibilities simultaneously existing on the tip of a needle . 
 one point in time deciding everyone 's fate . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i blinked and stared at his deeply tanned face . 
 his high cheekbones and full lips were exquisitely masculine , and his thick black brows only accentuated the man 's natural ferocity . 
 he marched over , chest heaving with livid thoughts . 
 `` i am a king . 
 your king . 
 bow down before me and vow your loyalty . '' 
 his giant bicep bulged as he pointed to the floor . 
 `` bow ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 for the first time in my existence , i did n't know what to do . 
 my mind was a blank . 
 a mortal-an arrogant , sexy mortal-had ordered me to grovel , and all i could think of was ... nothing ? 
 no revenge . 
 no lighting his hair on fire . 
 no humiliating or snarky comments . 
 nothing . 
 well , except that i had the overwhelming urge to grovel . 
 maybe suck one of those gorgeous , golden-brown toes while down there . 
 gasp ! 
 i want to please him ? 
 make him happy ? 
 yes . 
 i longed for lazy-lover weekends of braiding each other 's hair and slow roasting tiny , succulent creatures over an open fire while reciting poetry about figs and jam . 
 okay . 
 who the hell was i kidding ? 
 i wanted to hump like eager bunnies until the wee hours of the morning . 
 in fact , i 'd do just about anything for it ! 
 double gasp ! 
 no one controls cimil ! 
 no one ! 
 i have to get the hell out of here ! 
 i darted for the door , slammed right into an invisible wall , and fell flat on my back . 
 multicolored lights blocked my vision . 
 `` what the f ** k ? '' 
 i rubbed my temples . 
 the man stood over me-yes , yes . 
 still naked . 
 gloriously naked . 
 and frowning . 
 `` i do not know this word f ** k you use , '' he said , `` but i assume you are referring to the doorway . '' 
 he smiled wickedly . 
 yes and no . 
 i sat up , feeling the room spin , and in that instant , the man placed a cool , hard object , a collar of sorts , around my neck . 
 it clicked as he clasped it . 
 okay . 
 not the time for gifting , a-hole . 
 `` you 're delusional if you think a crappy piece of ... '' i looked down and saw the edge of the thick collar . 
 it was made from several pieces of polished black stone . 
 `` a crappy piece of rock is going to appease me . '' 
 i hopped up and faced off with the large mortal . 
 `` and what the hell did you do to the exit ? '' 
 for the record , there was nothing but open air in that doorway , yet when i 'd tried to pass , it had felt like i 'd hit a steel wall . 
 he grinned with deep satisfaction . 
 `` i do not answer to you . 
 but know this , you are not leaving this chamber until you submit and vow your loyalty . '' 
 what the ... ? 
 okay . 
 now i 'm pissed . 
 `` look , you snotty piece of mortal bull crap , i answer to no one . 
 i grovel to no one . 
 and i am not going to braid your hair . 
 even if you managed to get me a pet sea turtle . 
 which i would love . 
 but still ... it 's not happening . '' 
 i poked him in the chest , which was conveniently located at eye level since i was only about five feet tall . 
 `` i am the goddess cimil . 
 ruler of the underworld . 
 i have powers you 've never dreamed of . 
 so open that door , or i will suck the soul from that gorgeous bag of bones you call a body and personally deliver it to the fires of hell , where you will burn for eternity . '' 
 okay . 
 for the record , i was pretty sure he did n't know the word hell , but i 'm sure he got the point . 
 and there really was no official underworld , so to speak ; once the dead crossed over from this world , they hung out in this other dimension until ready for their lights to be recycled back into the cosmos . 
 some hung out for a really long time-awesome game of poker going down , around the clock-others jumped right back into the cosmic soup for another spin in a people suit . 
 i knew one guy who 'd done five hundred laps as a goat herder , each time falling off a cliff while taking a nap . 
 talk about destined to repeat your mistakes ! 
 somebody get that guy a rope ! 
 the king 's chest rumbled with a deep chuckle . 
 `` you think i do not know who you are , woman ? 
 i summoned you . 
 i prayed to the goddess bastet to deliver you , a minor goddess , to my bed . 
 you are mine now , and you shall be my queen , the mother to my children . '' 
 `` minor ! '' 
 i burst out laughing and slapped my knee . 
 `` clearly you 've been sold a peck of pickled peppers , peter . 
 first , there 's no such goddess bastet . 
 she 's some made-up deity , loosely modeled after my sister camaxtli . 
 and if you had any clue about me '' - i held my finger up to his nose -lrb- gorgeous , strong , straight nose -rrb- - `` you 'd know that i am the most powerful deity in existence . 
 you 'd also know that mortals and gods do n't mix . 
 we are physically incompatible . 
 although i 'd sure like it if we were , 'cause you look like you 'd be some fun . 
 after i spank you and put you in your place , of course . 
 but i digress ... '' it was time to give him a little taste of my power . 
 this is gon na hurt ! 
 i placed my hand on his chest and willed my gift of pain to channel into his body . 
 the sensation , for a mortal , was akin to being poked with a hot iron . 
 he looked down at me with his fierce eyes as i stood there ... waiting ? 
 what the hell ? 
 i removed my palm , looked at it , and placed it back on his chest . 
 `` what did you do , peter ? '' 
 he glanced at the collar around my neck and lifted his chin . 
 `` narmer . 
 my name is narmer . '' 
 `` narmer , peter , chucky , rrrrroberto ... who gives a crap ? '' 
 i roared . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` not so powerful after all . 
 are you , cimil ? 
 i own you now . 
 best accept the idea because you are not leaving this room until you vow eternal fealty to me . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you insane ! 
 you give me back my powers , you oversized monkey nut ! '' 
 i tugged at the collar , but it would n't come off . 
 gasp ! 
 `` you ca n't keep me here ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 minky ! 
 where 's minky ? 
 whatever crap he was pulling , whatever magic he 'd used , surely it had been intended for me and not for my trusty unicorn . 
 i scrambled toward the terrace , immediately sensing yet another barrier separating me from my freedom . 
 camel poop ! 
 i hissed and turned to glare at him . 
 okay . 
 fine . 
 once minky got there , i 'd make contact and be cloaked by her magic . 
 all right , it 's not truly magic , per se . 
 unicorns are simply another highly evolved species , made mostly of energy , similar to us deities when not in our corporal states . 
 the unicorn 's current simply flows through anything it touches , making the object or person 's particles vibrate so quickly they appear to be invisible to the na ** d eye . 
 see . 
 unicorn mystery revealed ! 
 boom . 
 `` your magical beast is not coming for you , '' narmer said from across the room . 
 and once again , that deliciously wicked smile of his made an appearance across those full , sensual lips . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` your beast is my guest . 
 and you will not see it again until my demands are met . '' 
 jumpin ' mexican beans ! 
 minky ! 
 nooo ! 
 i stomped my foot . 
 `` but how ... ? '' 
 i glared at the man like i 've never glared at anyone in my entire existence . 
 how had they known about minky ? 
 or that i was coming ? 
 who was this guy ? 
 how the hell had he trumped me ? 
 i marched over to the bed , sat down with my back to him , and began humming . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` outliving you . '' 
 he could lock me in this room , take away my powers and my precious minky , but eventually , he would get old and die . 
 he was what ? 
 thirtyish ? 
 humans lived to about forty or fifty in this day and age . 
 i could hang out in his bedroom for a decade or two . 
 no problem . 
 i 'd once spent an entire century in a bubble bath . 
 with minky , of course . 
 -lrb- she makes the best bubbles . 
 rainbow colored . -rrb- 
 narmer cleared his throat . 
 `` the collar you wear will not come off until i remove it . 
 if you wish to wear it for eternity , then so be it . '' 
 he left the room as easy breezy as i 'd entered it . 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 i 'd been one-upped by a mortal . 
 where had he obtained such powerful magic ? 
 this situation reeked of fishy fish . 
 and yet i was distinctly turned on . 
 finally ! 
 a male that is my match ! 
 chapter three narmer paced across his temporary chamber , cursing the gods . 
 was this some sort of perverse joke ? 
 seven excruciating days had passed , and that stubborn goddess remained seated on the edge of his bed in the other room , staring outside . 
 she did not move , blink , or speak . 
 yet he knew she felt acutely aware of his presence ; the air filled with odd vibrations and heat , making the hairs on his arms stand up each time he neared her . 
 how much longer would she hold out ? 
 surely this was not part of the bargain , the wish of the goddess bastet . 
 time to ask for help . 
 `` you called , my king ? '' 
 said the holy man , fat with food and drink , a young woman on each arm . 
 how any female , even commanded by him , the king , could stomach touching the vile , reptilian man , he did not know . 
 personally , he 'd rather remove his own skin than allow it to come into contact . 
 narmer cleared his throat . 
 `` mitnal , i require your assistance . 
 immediately . '' 
 he knew asking for this powerful priest 's help to again make contact with the gods would come with a steep price . 
 everything with him did . 
 it was the reason narmer hoped mitnal would soon go back to the jungles from where he came . 
 twenty moons ago , a mysterious band of nomads-short in stature , straight black hair the texture of linen threads , high cheekbones , and fat cheeks-passed through egypt , telling tales of being from the future . 
 they spoke of a magical tablet made of a material called black jade and called themselves the mayans . 
 they claimed to have built great stone structures that reached high into the sky , allowing them to speak to their gods . 
 narmer had not met these travelers personally , but venomous rumors of their greatness spread like a wildfire . 
 the egyptian people began to doubt narmer 's power , doubt that his kingdom was the most favorite of the gods . 
 they began to believe their place in the afterlife was at stake . 
 narmer immediately sent two hundred men to bring these mayans to him , but not a trace was found , only fueling his subjects ' speculation of their great abilities . 
 of course , narmer did not believe the mayans were from the future and sent his men back out , commanding them to find these travelers and these lands filled with lush greenery and odd-shaped structures that touched the clouds , which they had spoken of . 
 twelve moons later , only one of his soldiers returned . 
 according to this man , he began his journey on a small sailing vessel with six others . 
 they traveled north , where they encountered a group of golden-haired barbarians who knew of the mayans . 
 `` across the ocean , where the air is hot and wet , you will find them , '' they 'd said after being coaxed with a bit of gold . 
 narmer 's men traded for supplies and set out across the ocean , but eventually , their small vessel sank , the other six men lost at sea . 
 it seemed , however , that the gods had been watching out for the one who survived . 
 when he awoke on the sandy white shores of the strange new land , it was a mayan woman who found him . 
 he went to their village and discovered they were not great at all , but humble farmers and fishermen . 
 `` as i thought ! '' 
 narmer had said to his man . 
 `` but my king , i found something else . 
 when i told the mayans of the band of travelers i sought , they did not know who they were , but they knew of the black jade . 
 one holy man demanded i tell him everything i knew-how the travelers had used the tablet and gotten it to work , from how far in the future theyd come . 
 when i told him i knew nothing , he conjured a great black cloud and wrapped it around my body . 
 i felt fire charring my flesh , and he made me swear to the gods i had told him everything . 
 then the cloud disappeared . '' 
 `` most interesting , '' said narmer . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it , my king . 
 which is why i taught them to make our tools and how to build a small ship with a sail . 
 i have brought the holy man here . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 narmer asked . 
 `` yes , my king . 
 he asks only that we allow him to hear more about his people from the future , what they said , what they wore . 
 anything . 
 he wants to learn about the magic that brought them here . '' 
 `` they were not from the future . 
 the holy man is mad , '' narmer had said . 
 and he was right . 
 when he met the priest , mitnal , as he called himself , he looked like a creature from the netherworld . 
 he did not bathe or clean his teeth . 
 he covered himself in the blood of animals and humans . 
 he wore fingers on a string around his neck and smoked strange herbs with a hollow wooden stick . 
 the black cloud his soldier had claimed to have seen must have been the stench . 
 narmer hoped that showing the madman to the masses-who had been calling for narmer 's dethronement-would dispel all rumors of narmer not being the favorite son of the gods . 
 narmer was about to have the man put on display and then publicly executed when he revealed his magic , producing a bit of rain . 
 `` where did you learn such powers ? '' 
 narmer had asked , but the man simply claimed that his people were born with such gifts , that they were favored by the gods who often came to visit through their portals . 
 naturally , narmer wondered , what more can this priest request of the gods ? 
 narmer bartered with mitnal for weeks , granting him anything he wished-small boats , gold , women-in exchange for two things : to publicly declare that the mayans were but simple people with large imaginations and to deliver narmer a queen , a divine queen-irrefutable evidence of the gods ' favor toward him . 
 the first request was easy , but the second was not . 
 mitnal spent night after night burning strange herbs and talking to the souls of the netherworld . 
 `` the souls of the dead , '' he 'd said , `` can tell us the future . '' 
 after nearly two moons , mitnal declared that narmer 's wish would be granted . 
 a goddess would arrive within days , and mitnal would provide the powerful magic to capture both her body and her heart . 
 obviously , that particular piece of the plan had not worked out . 
 and now narmer would make sure the bargain was fulfilled . 
 mitnal dipped his head and flashed a nearly toothless smile . 
 `` what assistance do you require , my king ? 
 is all not well with your goddess ? '' 
 `` the gods granted my wish , just as you predicted . 
 but this ... cimil , she will not submit to me , and she speaks in odd riddles . 
 i think she might be insane . '' 
 he rubbed his chin . 
 hooker ? 
 bigfoot ? 
 what strange words the gods speak . 
 perhaps these were sacred words , words of power he should inscribe on his tomb . 
 yes , he would commission a shrine immediately . 
 `` in any case , my patience wears thin . '' 
 mitnal shrugged . 
 `` she is a goddess . 
 patience will be required to tame her and make her yours . '' 
 narmer slammed his fist against the cold stone wall . 
 `` she is my goddess now , and she will receive no more patience from me . 
 can you assist me or not ? '' 
 `` i can . 
 but what will you give me in exchange ? '' 
 mitnal asked . 
 more ? 
 he wants more ! 
 `` what do you desire ? 
 more gold ? 
 animals ? '' 
 mitnal shook his head . 
 `` i have more than i can possibly manage to take back to my lands . 
 i desire something else . '' 
 narmer felt an odd sensation in his gut , as if giant beetles crawled inside him . 
 `` i will tell you how to make the goddess submit , '' mitnal said , `` but when you have made peace with her and gained her trust , you will tell her about me . 
 you will tell her to trust me . '' 
 that sounded simple enough . 
 and truth be told , the goddess did not seem like the sort to trust anyone . 
 he could tell her to trust this smarmy holy man , but she would not . 
 `` very well . 
 it is a bargain , then . 
 now tell me how to capture her heart . '' 
 mitnal displayed a venomous grin . 
 `` yes . 
 capture her heart , we shall . '' 
 chapter four thinking leads to bad places . 
 why ca n't i shut it off ? 
 i sat on the edge of the bed where i had a clear view of the outside world a few feet away . 
 i do n't know how long i stayed there , but not once in all my years had i taken a breath to truly reflect upon my sixty thousand years of existence and what it all meant . 
 i had worked and worked and worked , hopping from one task to the next , making sure that the souls of the dead did n't hang around too long in the human realm , cluttering up the place and creating a bad vibe . 
 i distracted myself by listening to the dead 's stories , to their regrets , to their triumphs and sadness for the people they left behind . 
 anyhoo , after ushering tens of millions of souls , the years seemed to blend together into one never-ending story like that thing they call a romance series in the future . 
 but i realized that focusing on my work allowed me to neglect my own woes . 
 now i 'd taken this forced pause and discovered my life sucked camel balls . 
 i was beyond lonely . 
 i was truly and utterly desolate . 
 i was filled with a gnawing ache deep inside my bones that radiated through every inch of my threadbare soul . 
 if i were to die , there would be no one weeping for the loss . 
 my brethren did n't weep . 
 they did n't laugh , either . 
 come to think of it , they were just as numb to their misery as i was . 
 which brought me to my second thought : that vision i saw in narmer 's eyes was n't a mere vision ; it was sign from the universe herself . 
 a message . 
 why had she chosen him to deliver it ? 
 who the hell knows ? 
 what did it mean ? 
 something bad was coming . 
 no . 
 i did n't mean a remake of gigli or the return of the mullet . 
 the evil i witnessed in his eyes was n't the humans tearing apart their planet in a bloody , all-out war or blowing up the world with one of those bomb thingys that i 'd heard the dead from ahead speak of . 
 the destruction i saw was us . 
 us ! 
 yes , as in , the deities . 
 the very gods who were created to protect this world end up destroying it , driven mad . 
 why ? 
 that was the question . 
 if only i knew . 
 but the universe had shown me a glimpse of our future , and it was a lonely one . 
 `` still sitting there i see ? '' 
 a deep , masculine voice rumbled against my dark thoughts . 
 narmer . 
 he wore a royal-blue sarong , nothing else , and his hair was tied back with a small golden thong . 
 no . 
 i do n't mean underwear . 
 that would be just weird . 
 he 'd also shaved off his pharaoh-tee . 
 i normally appreciated men with a little beardage , but he looked clean and fresh and masculine yummy . 
 wait ! 
 i know ! 
 i hopped up from the bed . 
 `` come here ! '' 
 his broad shoulders and powerful chest seemed to take up the entire chamber . 
 it was unusual to see such a large human , such a tall human , but they did exist . 
 clearly . 
 and this one was quite possibly the most divine male specimen i 'd ever beheld . 
 he was perfect . 
 right down to his toasty-brown ni ** les , rippling stomach , and powerful legs . 
 i waved him over , but he gave me a look of suspicion . 
 `` oh , would you stop that ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i do n't bite . 
 much . '' 
 he walked around the bed and stood in front of me . 
 well , hello there ! 
 i mentally saluted his milk-chocolaty ni ** les and then looked up at his face . 
 `` bend down and look into my eyes . '' 
 he frowned instead . 
 ugh ! 
 `` bend , big boy . '' 
 let 's see what else the universe has to say . 
 i 'm sure she left me another clue inside that thick skull of yours . 
 i saw the anger simmering in his eyes , but he obeyed and slowly lowered his gorgeous face , placing us nose to nose . 
 i stared deeply into his pupils but only saw what i normally see inside humans : their light and ... uh-oh . 
 i pulled away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i stepped back and put on my game face . 
 his light was dull , meaning his end was near . 
 very , very near . 
 the soul senses such things , and it begins to detach , preparing for the journey ahead . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked . 
 camel crap . 
 i could n't tell him he was going to die . 
 besides , there was nothing i could do . 
 it was dangerous to tinker with the natural course of the universe . 
 `` i know ! 
 let 's change subjects ! '' 
 better yet , maybe i should try to figure out what the universe was trying to tell me . 
 narmer crossed his beefy arms over his chest . 
 `` i grow weary of your riddles . 
 and why are you no longer angry with me ? '' 
 `` i found something more important to do : i am trying to have an epiphany . 
 a big , big aha moment . '' 
 `` i do not know these words , '' he said . 
 `` no . 
 of course you do n't . 
 because you 're not a goddess with mysterious , all-knowing powers , like me . '' 
 and if those failed , there was always disco dancing to help me relax so the `` all-knowing '' might come . 
 gods , i ca n't wait for the seventies ! 
 looks like so much fun ! 
 in these times , the humans ' idea of a celebration consisted of killing something large , roasting it on a fire , and getting hammered on fermented fruit juice . 
 lame . 
 i wanted disco balls ; really , really big shoes ; and wah-wah-wah music . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 narmer barked . 
 `` i command you ! '' 
 i froze in midlighting finger and turned . 
 `` you 're ruining my concentration . '' 
 he closed the gap between us and grabbed me by the shoulders . 
 i was about to release a surge of light into his hands simply for the sheer joy of watching him shoot across the room and slam into the wall , but then i remembered the stupid collar . 
 i was dead in the water . 
 `` i came to tell you something , '' he said . 
 `` you may speak . '' 
 i could have sworn i saw actual sparks shoot from his eyes . 
 probably no one had ever told him anything other than , `` yes , my king '' or `` no , my king '' and `` your wish is my command , my king . '' 
 well , soon he 'd be just another soul wondering why he had wasted his life on silly things like wealth and power . 
 and why the hell he 'd messed with me ! 
 he closed his eyes and took a breath , clamping down whatever bull crap he had the urge to say . 
 when his dark eyes opened again , he tilted his head and placed his hand on my cheek . 
 there was flicker of something almost ... endearing within them . 
 `` i came to tell you that i am sorry . '' 
 his jaw muscles ticked as he ground his teeth . 
 `` i am sorry for treating you so rudely . '' 
 wow . 
 looks like that hurt ! 
 `` are you okay ? 
 should i make you a pot of soothing chamomile tea or call for a healer ? '' 
 his eyes shifted a bit . 
 `` i am very well . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 because you look like you just dropped an egg and have the worst pms ever . 
 `` i 'm guessing that apologizing , especially to a lowly female , bruised that giant ego of yours . 
 but i 'm glad to see you survived . 
 good stuff . 
 now , let me go . 
 i have a planet to rescue . '' 
 his face turned bright red . 
 `` i will not release you until you take the vow . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` back to square one , are we ? '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 ugh ! 
 `` a square is one of those shapes that has four - '' `` i know what a square is , '' he interrupted . 
 `` but i do not understand your expression . '' 
 `` square one is the place where you started-oh ! 
 never mind , chucky , '' i said . 
 `` what i meant was that you are infuriating ! 
 you thought you could come in here , make an apology-wow ! 
 such a huge sacrifice-and win me over with that ? 
 really , big boy ? 
 you 've taken me prisoner . 
 you put this collar around my neck like i 'm some sort of pet , and you 've neutralized my powers . 
 do you really think an apology is going to - '' he bent his head and kissed me hard . 
 my entire body lit up like a bonfire , and the heat from his bare chest enveloped me in a steamy wave of lust . 
 my knees buckled , and he immediately wrapped me in his large arms , pulling me close to prevent me from sliding down to the floor where i conjectured i might end up a squishy little puddle of fluttering nerves and unflattering spasms of joy . 
 and for a moment , i swore our bodies melted together . 
 i 'd never felt anything so potent . 
 that dark , empty space inside my chest began to glow like a warm ember , and the only thing i could think of was stripping away my tiny little top and skirt . 
 i wanted to feel his heavy body slip and slide over mine as his hands and mouth roamed every inch of my - i pushed away and slapped him . 
 hard . 
 rage flickered in his eyes . 
 `` what in the gods ' name was that ? '' 
 in my name ? 
 in my name ? 
 i huffed and then poked him . 
 `` no ! 
 you tell me what that was ! '' 
 `` that was called a kiss . '' 
 `` well-well , i know that ! 
 but where do you get off kissing me like that ? 
 all wet and ... '' dammit , that was a hot kiss . 
 is this what i 've been missing out on ? 
 the pharaoh quirked a brow . 
 `` and what ? '' 
 i crossed my arms and looked away . 
 yummy . 
 it was yummy . 
 `` horrible . 
 worst kiss i 've ever had . 
 were you taught by a camel ? '' 
 `` a camel ? '' 
 he roared . 
 `` i will show you a camel . '' 
 the pharaoh reached for me , but i hopped away . 
 `` oh no , you do n't ! 
 i do n't want any of those sloppy humpbacked desert mammal kisses . 
 and you smell like one , too ! '' 
 he actually smelled delicious , like exotic oils and spices , but the insult felt like a winner , so i went with it . 
 he chased me around the room . 
 i leaped onto the bed and almost made it to the other side , but his hand snagged my ankle and jerked me back . 
 i lost my footing and fell , flopping onto the bed facedown . 
 he immediately jumped onto my back , pinning my hands above my head , straddling me . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 i squirmed , but he was much , much larger , and i , powerless without my ... um ... powers . 
 `` no . 
 not until you submit . '' 
 `` never ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` then i shall never let you go , '' he growled . 
 stubborn man ! 
 i growled back . 
 he growled again . 
 i meowed . 
 he ... ... burst out laughing . 
 * * * infectious . 
 i 'd never heard such a beautifully deep , masculine laugh . 
 its uninhibited joy sank into my bones and hummed inside my head . 
 it inspired visions of unicorns and rainbows-the natural kind . 
 not the ones minky made , which were colorful but not without a strange odor . 
 anyway , his laugh was pure ... loveliness . 
 he rolled off me onto his back , laughing with such ferocity that he could barely breathe . 
 i sat up and watched him , unable to help myself from smiling . 
 he went on and on , like a man who 'd not laughed in decades and the dam had finally burst . 
 `` if i 'd known the secret to removing that stick from your ass was meowing , i would have started a week ago , '' i said . 
 `` pinned a tail to my skirt , too . '' 
 tiny tears trickled from the corners of his dark eyes . 
 thank goodness he did n't wear his ceremonial manliner ; otherwise , he 'd be a complete mess . 
 he whisked the tears away , sat up , and looked at me . 
 not just looked , but beamed . 
 `` you are a most peculiar goddess . '' 
 `` you are one batshit crazy pharaoh . 
 and while we 're on the subject , exactly why were you laughing ? '' 
 he scratched his clean-shaven chin . 
 `` i suppose it 's the absurdity of the situation . 
 i have spent my entire life on the throne , ruling the people , trusting that the divine blood in my veins would guide me . '' 
 should i tell him he does n't have any divine blood ? 
 many cultures believed their rulers were descendants of the gods and therefore had the right to rule , but the truth was that they were just normal humans who 'd been born at the right time to the right family . 
 nahh ... let him live his dream . 
 `` however , '' he continued , `` nothing could have prepared me for this-for you . '' 
 he reached out and ran his finger along my jaw . 
 `` such a wild creature . '' 
 i could n't stop it from happening . 
 i could n't . 
 like he 'd been deprived of laughter , i 'd been deprived of affection . 
 i 'd do just about anything to feel that sensation again , the sensation of being whole . 
 when he 'd kissed me , that dark , hollow pit deep inside my chest had filled with something wonderful , something joyous . 
 he was the light inside that dark , damp , wet , and dreary cave i called my heart . 
 i wanted more . 
 `` kiss me again , '' i commanded . 
 his smile melted away and was replaced by a look of raw , carnal hunger . 
 he stared into my eyes as he leaned over and lightly pressed his lips to mine . 
 he slipped his tongue inside and stroked me gently . 
 the warmth of his mouth flooded my face , neck , and chest , eventually making its way deep down inside . 
 for the first time ever , the gears in the old girlie factory started to turn and my female bits ignited . 
 i jumped on top and straddled his body , kissing him with shameless neediness . 
 i ran my hands over his chest , indulging my urge to worship his masculine form-hard and soft , all in one package . 
 speaking of package ... his large shaft lengthened and hardened against my now tingly womanly parts . 
 i moaned . 
 the heat of him felt so sinfully delicious . 
 he ran his large hands over my br ** sts . 
 i knew their size and shape would please him ; mortal males could never resist gazing at them . 
 normally , i thought that was silly , but now , knowing my human form excited him , it pleased me . 
 his hands made their way down to my bare midriff where he gripped firmly and began rocking me in time to the rhythm of his own hips . 
 oh my gods . 
 i think he 's starting a fire down there ! 
 the delicious friction was more than i could stand . 
 i pulled away from his lips , wanting to see his exquisitely masculine face . 
 lids heavy , he looked into my eyes , and ... screamed at the top of his lungs ! 
 he threw me , and i tumbled off the bed onto the cold stone floor . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i peeked over the edge of the bed to see him writhing in pain , cupping the fabric over his penis . 
 oops . 
 i forgot to tell him about that . 
 `` um ... narmer . '' 
 i reached his shoulder and tapped , but he simply rolled back and forth , agonizing . 
 `` narmer ? '' 
 `` aaaah . 
 what ? '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` about that little raging fire on your totem pole . 
 i , uh - '' `` you will pay for this , goddess . '' 
 he sat up , putting his back to me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his face , beet red , turned toward me . 
 `` you think you can make a fool of me ? 
 do n't you ? '' 
 why ... of course i did , but i thought that of everyone ! 
 nuff said . 
 but why had he thought i 'd done that on purpose ? 
 had he forgotten he 'd put that stupid collar on me ? 
 i had no powers . 
 but that did n't mean i could help what i was . 
 my body still radiated concentrated energy . 
 i was a goddess , after all , made of pure light . 
 the form he saw with his eyes was merely a shell that allowed me to enter the physical realm , the realm of humans . 
 but i was n't human , and he was n't a deity . 
 we were n't compatible . 
 in fact , prolonged exposure would kill him . 
 fry him right up like a side of bacon . 
 crispy king . 
 there was no getting around it ; i was destined to be alone forever . 
 still on the floor , i turned away and pulled my knees into my chest , my now empty , dark , heavy chest , and began to cry . 
 yes . 
 i know . 
 deities do n't cry . 
 but they do when they realize there is no hope for them . 
 `` more of your trickery , i see , '' he bellowed . 
 `` but your lies and womanly deceits will not work on me . '' 
 `` just go ! 
 leave ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 it was bad enough i was crying . 
 me , the goddess of the underworld ! 
 i heard the shuffle of his feet across the floor as he circled the bed and made his way over . 
 `` i command you to stop crying ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 he grabbed my arm and pulled me from the floor , gripping me by the shoulders . 
 `` yes . 
 you will . 
 you will cease this attempt to manipulate me and make your vow to me . 
 you will desist this attempt to make a fool of me ! '' 
 `` you really do n't get it , do you ? '' 
 i barked , trying to wiggle from his grasp . 
 `` you 've already been made a fool of ! 
 i ca n't be your queen . 
 i ca n't be anyone 's queen . 
 deities and humans are not compatible . 
 that little ` trick , ' as you called it , was just the chemistry of our bodies reacting . '' 
 `` what is this thing you call ` chemistry ' ? '' 
 he asked . 
 ugh . 
 it was a futurist term . 
 `` it means that your body is like wood and mine is like lightning . 
 put us together and they create fire . '' 
 he loosened his grip . 
 `` you are telling the truth ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he rubbed his forehead and then turned to leave . 
 `` wait . 
 where are you going ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to find magic to fix this . '' 
 he disappeared through the doorway . 
 i dropped my head and made tiny circles with my fingertips over my temples . 
 `` what are you doing , cimil ? 
 he 's going to die soon , and you 're playing fantasy hookup ! 
 with a mortal . '' 
 i sighed loudly . 
 not because i was disappointed at myself , but because there was no magic to fix this , and for the first time ever , i really wanted something i could n't have : a human . 
 a human who was about to expire and would likely end up being one of those stubborn-ass souls i had to drag to the other side by the earlobes , kicking and howling the entire way . 
 this situation screamed tragedy . 
 `` i must be crazy , batshit crazy . '' 
 chapter five carrying his favorite knife , narmer burst into the priest 's bedchamber , startling the old man and the three women who were nude and apparently giving him a full body massage before bedtime . 
 disgusting . 
 how can they bear to touch him ? 
 narmer resisted retching . 
 `` out ! 
 all of you ! '' 
 narmer roared at the women who grabbed their dresses and fled . 
 the priest scrambled from his bed and placed his back against the wall . 
 `` now , calm down , my king . 
 i 'm sure this is simply some misunderstanding . '' 
 `` you tricked me ! 
 and i am not your king ! 
 you are not worthy of being even my lowliest subject . 
 i am your executioner ! '' 
 narmer pushed the long knife to the man 's neck . 
 the priest clawed at narmer 's hand . 
 `` you are upset , i see , '' the priest croaked . 
 `` the goddess is unable to lie with me . 
 she says we are not physically compatible-fire and wood . '' 
 narmer bounced the man 's back against the wall . 
 `` i swear by the gods , you will fix this ! '' 
 `` i can not . '' 
 `` can not or will not ? '' 
 `` can not , '' mitnal said . 
 `` you may kill me , but what you ask is something i do not have the power to give . 
 my magic is not strong enough . '' 
 narmer released the man and ran his hand over his hair . 
 he needed a divine queen . 
 he needed to have heirs . 
 he wanted cimil . 
 her sharp tongue and obstinate ways made her more alluring than any female he 'd ever met , and there had been many . 
 in his earlier years , he would bed two or three women each night . 
 they lined up outside his door , hoping to be the one to permanently catch his eye or mother his child . 
 but the gods had not willed it , and he saw nothing in these women except greed for his wealth and power . 
 they left him feeling hollow , unsated , and more frustrated than when he started . 
 this was why he eventually came to the conclusion that only a female his equal , a truly unique and powerful female , would suit him . 
 of course , being who he was , the ruler of the most glorious and advanced civilization known to all , meant that no one equaled him . 
 he had the blood of the gods running in his veins . 
 yes , only a full-blooded goddess would do . 
 `` if what i ask is beyond your powers , '' narmer said , `` does this mean you know of another way ? '' 
 the evil man smiled with an evil grin . 
 `` name your price , '' narmer commanded . 
 the priest laughed nervously . 
 `` the price is far too high . '' 
 `` i will kill you right here and now if you do not tell me . '' 
 `` very well , '' mitnal said , `` the price is your life . '' 
 he was mad . 
 `` i am fairly certain that my death would not solve the issue . '' 
 `` you will not truly die , but be born again into another form , one which can withstand the touch of a deity . 
 you will be strong and immortal , almost as resilient as a true god . '' 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 narmer asked . 
 `` my people have long pursued immortality . '' 
 this sounded dangerous . 
 if the gods wished humans to live forever , then they would have created them in such a way . 
 `` this is impossible . '' 
 mitnal held up his hands and wiggled his filthy fingers . 
 `` no . 
 not impossible . 
 i have already succeeded with small creatures . 
 we merely lack the power to make a human immortal . '' 
 his eyes widened into horrifying orbs of black and red . 
 `` you can change that . '' 
 narmer stepped back . 
 the man is a vile , deceitful creature . 
 he did not trust this mitnal . 
 there was some ulterior motive lurking inside the man 's head . 
 but what ? 
 did he want the throne ? 
 narmer 's gold ? 
 perhaps he could persuade the crazy man to disclose his true plans . 
 `` what must i do ? '' 
 narmer asked . 
 `` you must gain her trust and then convince her to come see me , to trust me . '' 
 again with this request ? 
 mitnal had this planned all along . 
 he was after stronger magic . 
 deity magic . 
 `` and what assurances do i have , '' narmer asked , `` that you will not use her in some way to make yourself more powerful and then refuse to assist me ? '' 
 the priest rubbed his greasy palms together . 
 `` you have my good word , my king . '' 
 disgusting , filthy pile of rotting monkey meat . 
 whatever plan the priest had , helping narmer was only a means to an end . 
 `` she will not trust you , '' he said . 
 `` she trusts no one . 
 find another way for me to bed her . 
 i give you eight days . '' 
 * * * the next week was unlike anything i 'd ever experienced in my sixty-five thousand years . 
 the pharaoh would come each evening after his bath , face meticulously shaved-an egyptian obsession-his tanned skin and perfectly chiseled muscles gleaming with fragrant oils , his long black hair washed and braided . 
 i began to wonder about the females who attended to him . 
 were they young and beautiful ? 
 did they offer up their nubile bodies and provide him the pleasures of the flesh i could not ? 
 -lrb- nipple tweaking , back waxing , deep pore cleansing . -rrb- 
 my fists curled each time i visualized those little tut-sluts massaging his enormous sarcophagus or playing with his treasure chest . 
 my only consolation was that they were not getting what i had , his adoration . 
 we spent each night discussing the confines of our lives , the boundaries and expectations that created an invisible prison we could not escape . 
 he would lie next to me and tell stories of his deceased mother and father , of his twenty-five siblings -lrb- all but five of them half-siblings -rrb- and how their one mission in life , when growing up , was to escape the watchful eye of their guards for a few precious moments of mischief and recreation . 
 he spoke of how empty his life became the moment he realized his brothers and sisters would turn on him if given the chance to rule in his place . 
 i talked about my world , the souls i escorted , and of my brethren . 
 i recounted my first memories of consciousness , vaguely realizing what i was , but not understanding the full weight of the eternal shackles binding me to the universe . 
 we kissed and touched many times each night , only stopping when my energy became too intense for him or when i felt the need to recite a haiku . 
 about a sea turtle . 
 -lrb- do n't ask . -rrb- 
 each time he broke free , i saw the torment in his eyes . 
 not only was he denied his pleasure , but also his male ego did not enjoy leaving me wanting-it reminded me of the home shopping network . 
 then he would fall asleep next to me , and i would drift off to the netherworld , hearing the voices of the dead laughing and howling as they played poker . 
 i 'd never felt closer or such an intimate connection with anyone in my entire life . 
 heaven . 
 he was my little slice of man-succulent heaven . 
 when narmer entered on the seventh night , however , i knew something was wrong . 
 he had n't had his usual bath , and his skin was covered with desert dirt and sweat . 
 he paced across the room at the foot of the bed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i can not bear this any longer , '' he growled . 
 `` bear what ? '' 
 his head snapped in my direction . 
 `` this ! '' 
 i rolled to my side and propped my head up on my arm . 
 `` care to elaborate ? 
 because if you 're tired of being in this room , then all you need to do is lift the spell . 
 while you 're at it , you can remove my collar , too . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` who knows , maybe i 'll find a way to show my gratitude . '' 
 i popped my index finger in my mouth and sucked in a suggestive manner . 
 okay , so i could n't do that without setting the royal totem pole on fire , but the thought alone made me start to sweat . 
 i wanted this man . 
 i wanted him so badly that my toenails throbbed . 
 but more importantly , i wanted to enjoy him every second i could get . 
 he would die soon . 
 do n't get me wrong , i 'd thought about ways to help him , but the only means of saving a mortal was to take them to my world and saturate them with the light of the gods . 
 i 'd have to convince my brethren to allow this , and they had n't granted this gift in twenty thousand years . 
 they were like stubborn children who did n't want to share their candy . 
 if i went against them , they would banish me forever . 
 or , at the very least , for a really , really , really , really , reallllllly long time . 
 that said , i was almost ready to roll the dice and do it anyway . 
 i simply wanted a sign . 
 a teeny tiny sign that this was what i was supposed to do . 
 narmer 's body visibly pulsed with tension . 
 `` i want you , cimil . 
 i want you very much . 
 when i asked the gods for a queen , a true goddess , i hoped for a female i could respect . 
 one who might be intelligent and powerful to help me rule , but you ... '' he marched over to the bed , his eyes sweeping over my stretched-out body . 
 `` you are all that and more . 
 i would give anything to lie with you as a man lies with a woman . '' 
 `` ah , sexual frustration . 
 my constant companion . '' 
 i nodded my head knowing exactly how he felt . 
 `` but did n't you say you had your secret friend working on a solution ? 
 by the way , you never told me his name , but i 'd like to meet him ; he 's got some pretty rockin ' juju . 
 however , he is in need of a very long spanking for assisting you in your plot to capture me . '' 
 i looked up at narmer 's body . 
 every muscle quaked and trembled with agitation . 
 `` oh , my little love turnip is upset . 
 shall i meow for you ? '' 
 i clawed the air . 
 `` this is no joke , cimil . 
 i lost my temper today with one of my brothers . 
 he and his followers have been positioning themselves for years , trying to raise an army to overthrow me . 
 they say my dream of unifying our people is impossible , that i am mad ! '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` tell them to pound sand . 
 there 's plenty of that around here-should keep 'em busy for a while . '' 
 `` i do not know this expression , but i assume you mean i should send them elsewhere . '' 
 narmer dropped his head . 
 `` i should have done that , but i did not . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` i beat my brother in front of my entire council . '' 
 that 's when i noticed his bloody knuckles . 
 ouch . 
 `` is he alive ? '' 
 'cause narmer was huge . 
 i mean , huuuuuge . 
 i could n't imagine that many would survive a thumping from the king himself . 
 `` yes . 
 but he has sworn his revenge . 
 this is exactly the spark they hoped for . 
 war is imminent . '' 
 i felt the internal conflict bubbling in my chest . 
 i wanted to tell narmer to let his brother have the kingdom , to run away with me and enjoy what little time he had left . 
 but i knew in my heart that my telling him the truth would create the opposite effect . 
 humans tended to spiral into a state of depression when they knew death neared . 
 narmer would spend his final days feeling defeated and miserable . 
 the only option was to kidnap him and petition the gods to make him immortal . 
 `` i will help you , narmer , but you must free me , '' i said . 
 he stared at me . 
 `` you will make the vow ? '' 
 what the hell ? 
 `` we 're back to this again ? 
 seriously , narmer ? '' 
 i popped up from the bed and got in his face-errr , well-chin . 
 i got in his chin . 
 he was really tall . 
 `` you stupid , arrogant , insane - '' he reached down and cupped the back of my head and pulled me into him for a deep , needy kiss . 
 my body melted against his delicious male heat . 
 he slowly pulled away and gazed into my eyes . 
 `` i am unable to remove the barrier or the collar , even if i so desired , my love . 
 you are the only one who holds the key to breaking the spell . '' 
 so the little devil had lied to me . 
 he could not remove it . 
 sneaky , little pharaoh . 
 gods , i think i love this man . 
 `` however , '' he added , `` if it will make you feel more comfortable , i will first make my vow to you . '' 
 once again he kissed me deeply , passionately . 
 my mind swirled with new emotions and with a fire i 'd quickly and irrationally become addicted to . 
 i 'm pretty damned sure his lips were feeling the fire , too . 
 touching me for any length of time was no fun . 
 he kneeled and stared up with his dark eyes . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i , narmer , son of ka and king of egypt , vow to you , cimil , goddess of the underworld , my eternal soul , my eternal loyalty , my eternal love - '' i blinked and narmer was on his side , blood oozing from his chest , a giant spear sticking from him . 
 i pivoted on my heel and saw two men standing in the doorway , one with his arm cocked , ready to throw another spear . 
 i reached toward the small table at the side of the bed , grabbed a vase , and threw it right at his head . 
 it landed with a loud crack and the man dropped . 
 the second man scrambled for the spear and came at me . 
 i ducked and spun , avoiding the razor-sharp tip of his spear , and ended up behind him . 
 sorry , buddy , but in my sixty-five thousand years , one thing i 've learned is how to fight . 
 i grabbed the man from behind , wishing i could reach inside him and yank out his f ** king soul ; however , i still did n't have my powers . 
 instead , i settled for hanging on tight and letting nature take its course . 
 in this case , that meant allowing my energy to flow into his body . 
 the man howled and dropped to the floor , his body smoking . 
 i picked up the spear and ran it straight through his heart . 
 evil bastard . 
 i looked over at narmer who hacked blood into crimson puddles . 
 `` no . 
 oh , gods , no ! '' 
 that 's when i realized that i was n't ready to let him go . 
 not now . 
 not ever . 
 i could n't imagine a future , an eternity without him by my side . 
 it was like discovering cheesecake and finding out the only chef in the world who knew how to make it had jumped off a cliff . 
 narmer made life taste so good , and i wanted more . 
 he understood me . 
 he saw me for who i really was , and yet , he still loved me , wanted me . 
 i kneeled next to him . 
 `` do n't leave me , you bastard . '' 
 my mind raced through the solutions but found only one . 
 i would have him free minky . 
 we 'd dart off to my portal , and i would take him back to my world . 
 damn the gods if they did n't agree with my choice to grant him immortality . 
 what was the point of being a goddess if i could n't use the tools given to us by the universe ? 
 `` narmer , honey . '' 
 i stroked back the dark locks from his face . 
 `` tell me where you put minky . '' 
 narmer groaned . 
 `` are you going to leave me now that i am dying ? '' 
 `` no , you silly man , i am going to save you . '' 
 `` your creature was taken to the temple of bastet . '' 
 camel crap . 
 that was on the other side of the city . 
 `` you might not live that long . 
 dammit all to hell ! 
 there has to be another way . '' 
 something flickered in his eyes . 
 `` if you see mitnal , whatever you do ... '' narmer 's eyes rolled into his head and he passed out . 
 oh my gods . 
 oh my gods . 
 he only had minutes at best ; i had to do something . 
 `` i , yum cimil , goddess of the underworld , vow eternal loyalty to you , narmer , pharaoh of egypt . 
 for as long as i live , my heart and soul belong to you and no other . 
 i love you . 
 i love you . 
 please do n't die , '' i cried . 
 my collar fell to the floor , and my body buzzed with divine energy . 
 i 'm free ! 
 i cracked the spear sticking from his body and pulled it out so i 'd be able to carry him over my shoulder . 
 but there was so much blood . 
 fuck , f ** k , f ** k. i pulled strips of fabric from the bedding and tried to plug the hole , but the blood came too fast . 
 i flung him over my shoulder , grateful for the return of my powers , which included physical strength , and fled the chamber . 
 dead bodies were strewn about the temple , and it was obvious narmer 's guards had taken down a few of his brother 's men before losing the battle to defend their king . 
 i scampered down the steps of narmer 's private temple , feeling his warm blood trickling down my lower back and legs . 
 oh , gods , he was n't going to make it ! 
 i ran straight thought the courtyard toward the outer temple that led to the exit , but standing there was a strange , little man . 
 he wore a loincloth and necklace made of human fingers . 
 his hair was pulled into a strange , little ponytail atop his head . 
 he reeked of dark energy , like he 'd bathed in evil . 
 ugh ! 
 it 's one of those creepy mayan priests ! 
 i knew this because -lrb- a -rrb- we bumped into his peeps quite often given our portals were in their barrio and -lrb- b -rrb- because these tiny bastards had recently decided that ripping out people 's hearts was a spiffy way to amp up their powers . 
 remember that river of tlaloc i talked about ? 
 well , his people had been drinking the damned water for so long , they 'd developed supernatural powers . 
 mostly harmless ones-seeing the dead , making rain , talking to animals , blah , blah , blah-but they were certainly on our deity radar . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he held out his hand to stop me . 
 `` he will die , but i can help you save him . '' 
 i blinked as my mind tried to sort out the pieces . 
 `` mitnal , i presume . '' 
 he smiled and flashed his blackened teeth . 
 `` why , yes , my dear goddess . '' 
 he bowed . 
 `` at your service . '' 
 `` good . 
 i need to get across town to the temple of bastet . 
 i need to get back to my cenote . '' 
 mitnal slowly shook his head as if he 'd achieved some sinister victory . 
 my goddess red flags were flying their colors high in the sky . 
 in fact , if i were n't so busy , i 'd snatch the soul right out of him . 
 he was bad news . 
 `` you will never make it in time , '' he said . 
 `` he is turning blue . 
 if i may , my goddess , offer another suggestion . 
 one that is guaranteed to save our dear pharaoh ? '' 
 what had narmer been trying to tell me before he 'd passed out ? 
 it had sounded like a warning . 
 well , i did n't need a warning . 
 anyone could see this man was up to no good . 
 `` he has stopped breathing , '' mitnal pointed out . 
 i stilled . 
 dammit , dammit , dammit . 
 i slid narmer down on the ground and started doing that thing called cpr . 
 humans in the future had developed the technique , and it did save lives on occasion . 
 `` whatever it is , do it ! '' 
 i screamed between puffing breaths into narmer 's bloody mouth . 
 mitnal sank to his knees . 
 he reached his arms high in the sky and began reciting a prayer to the universe , a prayer to summon the dark energy . 
 like a godsdamned evil magnet , evil light collected around him and began to swirl around us , kicking up dust and leaves . 
 great , f ** king great . 
 the crazy priest is going to save him with evil dirt ! 
 `` i call to the gods , to the divine creator of all life , '' mitnal chanted , whipping his arms around , spinning the dark energy into tight circles . 
 damn . 
 what is he doing ? 
 mitnal looked at me . 
 `` rise to your knees , goddess ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 i did as he asked , covering my ears . 
 the noise was deafening . 
 `` you have vowed to give your heart to this man , yes ? '' 
 mitnal asked . 
 `` yes ! 
 yes . '' 
 i had such a bad feeling about this . 
 `` then in the name of the divine creator . '' 
 he reached out with his long , blackened fingernails and plunged his hand into my chest , pulling from it my beating heart . 
 i looked at the human organ , unable to react or speak . 
 mitnal held the heart in the air , and the dark energy whooshed inside it , disappearing . 
 `` with this divine spark of life , the blood of the pharaoh shall live forever . '' 
 he plunged my heart into narmer 's chest , and the sky burst with lavender . 
 i felt my light flicker . 
 i held my hand over the gaping hole in my chest . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 mitnal grinned . 
 `` i saved him , just as you asked . 
 with a piece of your light . 
 and soon , my people will have an immortal army with which we will conquer the world . 
 we will be the greatest civilization ever to rule . '' 
 a black splotch spread across my line of sight , and then death swallowed me whole . 
 * * * in a rage , i emerged several days later from the mexican cenote . 
 that 's where deity souls end up when our human bodies are destroyed . 
 from there , we can choose to return to our realm or have the cenote provide us with a new human suit . 
 in this case , i 'd opted for a new body . 
 not only did i want revenge , but also i needed to know if narmer was all right . 
 and i wanted answers . 
 because while my new humanlike body , which included a new heart , felt fine , my light felt slightly weaker . 
 i immediately set out for the mayan village just a few hours away by foot . 
 i would find one of mitnal 's cohorts and torture the truth from them . 
 what horrible , dark magic were they using ? 
 why did they believe it would create an immortal army ? 
 but when i arrived , the village leader said that the priests had disappeared many moons ago . 
 no one knew where they were . 
 one could only assume somewhere in the jungle , planning world domination . 
 idiots . 
 as soon as i knew narmer was all right , i would call a summit and propose the gods take action . 
 the priests would have to be taken out . 
 chapter six one year later ... -lrb- yep , still somewhere around 3000 bc . -rrb- 
 clothes tattered , hair matted into giant , platypus tail-like clumps , skin charred and covered in grime of the most unimaginable sorts , i schlepped my way up the steps of narmer 's temple . 
 my new humanlike heart pounded like a war drum inside my chest , mirroring the roar of thunder booming through the air . 
 rain and lightning showered down on everything around me . 
 i could n't stop it ; my overflowing emotions had to be released somewhere . 
 gods , what i 'd been through this past year . 
 all just to make it back to egypt . 
 back to my beloved narmer . 
 i could only hope he was all right . 
 i stopped at the entrance of the outer temple and looked around . 
 where were lefty and righty ? 
 granted they 'd likely been killed during the attack on that fateful night one year ago ; however , i would have expected the pharaoh to have a new set of hunky-skirts guarding his door . 
 yet there was no one . 
 in fact-i turned and looked back toward the muddy avenue bathed in the gray light of the fading day-the crowded scene of merchants carrying their goods had been replaced by an utter lack of human life . 
 where had everyone gone ? 
 goose bumps erupted on my skin , and the air became electrified with dark energy . 
 oh , gods , please let him be all right , i prayed . 
 i entered the dank , dark temple and quietly made my way through the maze of chambers that would lead to the inner courtyard . 
 the place was a damned mess . 
 broken vases , dirt , leaves , and sand covered the once pristine stone floors . 
 dried-out weeds sprouted alongside wilted potted plants . 
 what had happened ? 
 `` narmer ? '' 
 i called out as i reached the foot of his private temple . 
 no response . 
 if that godsdamned mitnal did anything to him , i 'd rip out the man 's innards with a spork . 
 no , those would n't exist for thousands of years until the colonel blessed the planet with a socially acceptable reason to publicly lick one 's fingers ; however , i 'd find some creative way to pass the time until such sporks were available to carry out my revenge . 
 torture was a good time-passer-byer . 
 i made my way up the steps , trying to ignore my throbbing , cracked feet and the aches and pains jabbing each muscle of my shivering humanlike body . 
 almost to narmer 's private bedchamber , a muted whimper caught my attention . 
 `` narmer ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 the coppery scent of fresh blood filled my nostrils . 
 i reached the doorway and looked inside . 
 my heart sank as my eyes registered the scene before me : narmer . 
 on the bed with three na ** d women . 
 the body of one dangled off the edge , her eyes vacant with death and a dribble of blood running down the side of her neck onto the floor . 
 the second woman lay with her wrist wedged into narmer 's mouth , and the third-well , the third moaned beneath him as he pumped himself between her thighs . 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 i gasped . 
 narmer 's head lifted , and he stared like a wild beast , continuing the rhythm of his hips . 
 `` what the f ** k do you want ? '' 
 my heart cracked in two . 
 `` i-i ... '' i did n't know what to say . 
 the woman beneath him reached up , grabbed his hair , and yanked his face toward her demanding lips . 
 the other female , the one who was still alive , obviously , grunted like a cavewoman and shoved her wrist between them , back into his mouth . 
 all the while , narmer continued hammering . 
 i turned away . 
 i could n't bear to look . 
 i could n't bear to let him see me crumble into a million pieces . 
 i did n't know what he 'd become , but that was not the man i 'd spent the last twelve months fighting to return to . 
 it had taken me six tries , six bodies to cross the ocean . 
 each time i died , my light returned to the cenote in mexico . 
 but i had n't given up . 
 it was the worst , most excruciating year of my existence , not knowing if he was all right . 
 the fear , the sorrow , the panic consumed me to a point that i 'd had no choice but to cut myself off from my brethren completely , lest the gods be overcome with my grief . 
 i stumbled out of narmer 's temple , fisting my hand over the gaping , raw hole in my chest . 
 yes , my new body had a new heart , but that mad holy man had ripped away part of my soul and given it to narmer . 
 the ironic part was that these past months , i 'd found comfort in the hope that narmer might feel a connection and know i was making my way to him . 
 i am such a fool . 
 i 'd believed that he truly cared for me . 
 i believed that when he 'd taken that vow , it had actually meant something . 
 but it had n't . 
 or if it had , the narmer who 'd cared for me no longer existed . 
 i could not begin to process the overwhelming despair , the anger , the confusion over what i 'd seen . 
 it was too much . 
 i had to bury it , lock it up where it could n't hurt me . 
 i made my way across the small city to the temple of bastet , hoping i 'd find minky . 
 i 'd set her free and retreat back to the cenote , back to my world . 
 but what would i tell my brethren ? 
 that i fell in love with a mortal and then allowed some decrepit mayan priest to turn him into a monster with my light ? 
 i entered the eerily vacant temple and began searching the chambers . 
 one , two , three empty chambers . 
 `` godsdammit ! 
 minky ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 i needed to get out of there . 
 i needed to run from the pain . 
 `` you will not find her here . '' 
 narmer appeared out of thin air right before my eyes , dressed in a simple piece of cloth wrapped around his waist . 
 i shrank back . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 he smiled and wiped away the fresh blood still stuck to his lips . 
 `` what are we ? '' 
 he corrected . 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` oh yes , there are many of our new species . 
 my five brothers and sisters were affected by mitner 's evil sorcery . 
 i can only assume because we are connected by our blood . 
 of course , the struggle for power began almost immediately , so each of us has created children . 
 my army grows the fastest because i am the strongest . '' 
 `` army ? '' 
 great . 
 what had i done ? 
 i needed to get the hell home and tell my brethren . 
 i needed to get the hell out of there before i had a breakdown . 
 the man i loved was dead . 
 dead ! 
 replaced by this cold , power-hungry monster . 
 `` my blessings to you and your new scary family . 
 where 's my unicorn ? '' 
 narmer snarled in my face . 
 `` where the f ** k were you ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 oh , you know . 
 here . 
 there . 
 i found a couple of hotties down in the caribbean , '' i lied . 
 `` if the palm tree is a rocking , do n't come a knockin ' . 
 where . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 is . 
 minky ? '' 
 narmer slammed me against the wall , knocking the breath from my body . 
 `` your beast is dead . '' 
 bastard . 
 `` you ca n't kill a unicorn ; they 're made of pure light . '' 
 `` i had mitnal fix that , right before i sucked the blood from his body . 
 then i drank your little unicorn , too . 
 she was '' - he sucked in a breath - `` delicious . '' 
 motherfucker ! 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 you 're lying ! '' 
 `` impossible ? 
 impossible , '' he screamed . 
 `` look at me ! 
 look what you have done to me ! 
 nothing is impossible . '' 
 `` but i. . . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i was n't about to admit that i 'd loved him and tried to save him . 
 `` i think you got what you deserved for f ** king with a goddess . '' 
 and killing my minky ! 
 i turned away . 
 but then another thought hit me . 
 he was evil . 
 i was a goddess . 
 i could undo the wrong and make it all right . 
 this was not the man i 'd loved . 
 this was some dark , twisted version of him . 
 i reached out my hand , calling on my gift of soul claiming , and placed it on his chest . 
 i 'd take back what was given to him . 
 nothing . 
 i stared at him . 
 he stared back , apparently pleased with himself . 
 `` looking for something ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your soul ? 
 it seems to be missing . '' 
 `` i 'm dead ! 
 i have no soul for you to claim , goddess . 
 you lose . '' 
 smug jerk ! 
 i slapped him across the face . 
 now , normally that would send a man flying across the room . 
 but not narmer . 
 his head barely moved . 
 and my hand kind of hurt . 
 `` you can not injure me , '' he said . 
 `` i am strong . 
 i am immortal . 
 just like you . '' 
 he gripped my shoulders , pulled me into him , and kissed me hard . 
 i squirmed and released a surge of energy to ward him off . 
 it did absolutely nothing . 
 he broke the kiss and laughed . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 i wailed . 
 he did and then bowed his head . 
 `` as you wish , my goddess . '' 
 `` this is n't over , and once the other gods learn of you-and they will-you will be exterminated . '' 
 his eyes glittered with arrogance . 
 `` by now , i am certain they already know . 
 your brother kinich happened to make an appearance the day i was transformed . 
 he spent many months with me , studying our new species . 
 he did not seem bothered by us at all . 
 to the contrary , we 've become quite the best of friends . '' 
 what ? 
 kinich approved of these soul-sucking demons ? 
 `` i do n't believe you . 
 kinich is kind and sensitive . 
 he 'd never - '' `` he sees us as proof that change is possible . '' 
 narmer casually waved his hand through the air . 
 `` he is inspired by our kind . 
 so much so that he 's returned to take his rightful place as your leader to bring forth a new era . '' 
 `` you 're lying , '' i scoffed . 
 `` you do not need to take my word . 
 ask him . '' 
 `` oh , i will ! 
 you can bet on it , bub ! 
 after i take your head ! '' 
 i lunged , and he threw me to the floor , pinning me beneath him . 
 rage flickered in his eyes . 
 `` you are so weak . 
 what did i ever see in you ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` you saw something you 'll never have . 
 you 're not good enough for a goddess . 
 you never were . 
 and now , you 're nothing but a lowly , bloodsucking insect , no better than a leech or mosquito . '' 
 `` can a mosquito do this ? '' 
 he moved so fast that all i saw was the blur of his hand as i felt my head detaching from my body . 
 * * * son of a bitch ! 
 the rat bastard actually removed my head . 
 sure , i 'd tried to suck the soul from his body and end him , but that was after i had seen that he 'd apparently killed that woman by draining her dry and confessed to murdering minky . 
 revenge . 
 it pounded inside my mind , demanding to see the light of day . 
 revenge was the reason i 'd elected to have the cenote create yet another body and spit me out rather than return me to my realm where i was certain my brethren wondered what had become of me . 
 revenge had replaced every ounce of love i held for narmer . 
 what had i been thinking to become so absorbed in this man ? 
 i had behaved like a love-starved child , jumping at the first person who came along offering affection . 
 i 'd bet my life that he 'd put the evil priest up to the entire thing . 
 a trap . 
 well , i would never fall for that again . 
 never . 
 and i would have my revenge . 
 that i vowed . 
 i crawled from the cenote and flopped down onto the moist dirt of the jungle floor . 
 i listened to the sound of my breath , the sound of my heart , the birds chirping noisily above . 
 i will find a way back , and i will kill him . 
 yes , this time i will come prepared . 
 crossing that frigging ocean again in a stolen dinghy ? 
 ugh . 
 i groaned . 
 why could n't humans invent faster ? 
 i 'd happily take the frigging christopher columbus santa maria special ! 
 and that ship would be a rat-infested piece of crap once it came along . 
 i should 've gone back to my realm to find out what kinich really knew . 
 i rolled over onto my back . 
 `` hello . '' 
 i yelped as my eyes registered ... me ? 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i scrambled back doing a strange little crab crawl as i looked her over . 
 her dress was pink , shiny , and clearly from the future . 
 `` yeah , '' the other-me said , with one fist cocked on her hip . 
 `` i figured you 'd freak out . 
 but let me assure you , it only goes downhill from here . '' 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 maybe i 'd tripped through the cenote one too many times , or there 'd been a malfunction . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` i think you said that already , so why do n't you shut your piehole so i can explain . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 i nodded slowly . 
 `` good , because i 'm only going to tell you this once . 
 you have f ** ked up . 
 big . 
 time . 
 you stupid , horrible , pathetic goddess . '' 
 she cackled . 
 `` i 've always wanted to say that . '' 
 this had to be the most twisted thing i 'd ever done to myself . 
 okay . 
 time to end this little imaginary chat . 
 i stood up and started to back away . 
 `` do n't make me pull out the big guns , cimil . 
 'cause i will . 
 you know i will , '' other-me said . 
 `` i do n't have time for this ! 
 i 've got a bloodsucking pharaoh to kill . 
 i 'm going back to the cenote - '' i looked at the watery portal , but instead of seeing a greenish pool , i saw bodies . 
 thousands of them piled high and overflowing . 
 i gasped and turned , only to see a wall of people staring right through me with extremely unhappy faces . 
 mixed in these faces were ... `` guy ? 
 chaam ? 
 kinich ... ixtab ! '' 
 what were all thirteen gods doing there ? 
 i waved my hands in front of their faces , but they did n't seem to acknowledge my presence . 
 `` i 'm losing my crazy-loca head , '' i whispered . 
 `` nope . 
 they ca n't see you , they 're all dead , '' other-me said . 
 `` nope , '' i argued . 
 `` i 'm crazy . 
 do you know how i know that ? 
 because i 'm standing here talking to myself ! '' 
 other-me held out her hand and hit me with a powerful surge of numbing light . 
 every major muscle froze . 
 dammit . 
 that 's one of my best tricks ! 
 `` cimil . 
 you will listen very carefully . 
 do you understand ? 
 make like a dashboard hula girl if you do . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` nod ! 
 nod if you understand . '' 
 i managed to make a little nod . 
 `` good , '' she said , `` because as you are aware , the souls of the dead reside in a place beyond the confines of time and space . '' 
 she released her grip , and i sucked in some air . 
 `` yes . 
 and i am the only one who can open a portal between the worlds ... '' the other-me jumped up and down , clapping . 
 `` ding , ding , ding ! 
 you got it ! 
 i opened it up so we could have a little chat . '' 
 i pointed to her . 
 `` wait . 
 so this is n't a dream ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm dead ! 
 so is everyone else . '' 
 she looked at my brethren whose empty eyes made it easy to see that something horrible had happened to them . 
 `` and it was all your fault ! '' 
 she looked up at the sky and kept on looking . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i snapped my fingers . 
 `` helloooo ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 gods , the future version of me was so annoying . 
 what happened ? 
 `` hey ! 
 wake up ! '' 
 she snapped to . 
 `` hi there ! '' 
 she smiled with wide eyes . 
 `` you were explaining that i did something wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 she flicked up her index finger . 
 `` therein lies the question . '' 
 she shook her head and let out a whoosh . 
 `` i do n't have a clue . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i know we all went crazy and basically blew up the planet . 
 oh ! 
 and that it 's your fault . '' 
 just like the vision i 'd seen in narmer 's eyes ! 
 except for the it-being-my-fault part . 
 `` you 're trying to tell me , '' i said , `` that i did something wrong , but you do n't know what . 
 and that whatever this thing is , i destroyed the planet ? 
 so how do you know it was me ? 
 `` i remember dancing around the large hall , singing , ' i won ! 
 it 's finally over ! ' 
 other than that , it 's pretty much a blank . '' 
 `` that 's not proof ! 
 come on ! '' 
 she stared with a deep frown . 
 `` okay , i do remember one more thing-well , two really-but one is pretty depressing . 
 not sure i should go there . '' 
 `` please , go there . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she clapped excitedly . 
 `` i remember sleeping with a lot of strange creatures . 
 what did you call that pharaoh ? '' 
 `` a bloodsucker . '' 
 she touched her nose . 
 `` that 's it ! 
 i remember sleeping with a lot of bloodsuckers . 
 i mean '' - she fanned her face - `` a lot ! 
 but something was always missing . '' 
 a soul , perhaps ? 
 `` so this is your big depressing clue ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 that 's the happy memory . 
 several thousand years from now , you discover that you are actually the bringer of the apocalypse . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` this is how the creator designed you . '' 
 that could n't be right . 
 i always protected humanity , safeguarded them from destruction . 
 except when i felt the need to deliver pain to the stupid , humiliate the weak , destroy all things imperfect-gasp ! 
 that 's , like , everyone . 
 except for me . 
 and minky , of course . 
 i covered my mouth , unable to believe it . 
 `` i am the bringer of the apocalypse ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` see . 
 i told you . 
 completely sucks . 
 i did n't want to go there , '' said other-me . 
 `` but why ? 
 why would the creator want this ? 
 why would he-she make me evil ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` how the hell am i supposed to know ? 
 that 's like asking why evil even exists . 
 or why lions like to chow down on baby gazelles . 
 it 's like asking why humans created teen mom and call it entertaining . 
 bad , tasteless things are simply a part of the equation . 
 evil is a necessary ingredient . '' 
 i understood that . 
 i did . 
 after all , i was a goddess . 
 there could be no life without death . 
 there could be no joy without first understanding sorrow . 
 no enlightenment without suffering . 
 but i did n't feel evil . 
 i felt good . 
 okay , good with a really mischievous streak . 
 `` this ca n't be right . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` look at the evidence , '' she said . 
 `` everything you do , even with good intentions , always ends in a mess . '' 
 `` noooo , '' i protested . 
 she folded her pale arms . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 what about the festival of lights ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` okay . 
 but how was i supposed to know that the volcano would erupt and kill all those people ? '' 
 i squabbled . 
 `` and atlantis ? '' 
 she said condescendingly . 
 `` plato completely exaggerated that story ! 
 it was a practical joke ! 
 besides , maax forgave me for sinking his island . '' 
 other-me stared . 
 hell . 
 maybe she 's right . 
 i thought about narmer and how i 'd inadvertently created an evil new species that dined on people . 
 `` okay . 
 fine , '' i admitted . 
 `` i seem to have a destructive streak , but what do i do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 because despite everything , i did n't want the world to end , and i certainly did n't want to cause the death of my brothers and sisters . 
 `` be evil , '' she replied . 
 `` brilliant plan . '' 
 i sat in the dirt and covered my face , groaning . 
 `` you do realize you 're na ** d and getting mud in your butt crack , right ? '' 
 i growled at other-me . 
 `` who the hell cares ? '' 
 we were all going to die anyway . 
 dirty and clean butt cracks alike . 
 she plunked down next to me . 
 `` i care , and so do you . 
 that 's why instead of protecting humanity , you will try to destroy it . '' 
 what exactly was other-me smoking ? 
 unicorn turds ? 
 oh yes , laugh if you like , but no one has ever recovered from such a journey . 
 `` great plan . 
 really , i mean it , '' i said . 
 `` but i think i 'll go back to my realm and consult with my brethren . '' 
 i stood up , brushed the dirt from my ass , and started toward the cenote , which was no longer piled with bodies-that little trick had only been a way to get my attention , i assumed . 
 `` no . 
 you must n't tell them , '' she protested , stepping in front of me . 
 `` they will only think you 've gone insane and see you as a threat to humanity . 
 they will lock you away . '' 
 `` what do you propose i do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 you will fight your instincts to help or do good . 
 whatever you think is right , you will do the exact opposite . 
 voila . 
 no more destruction ! '' 
 `` you 're an idiot . '' 
 other-me gripped my shoulders . 
 `` no . 
 you 're an idiot ! 
 okay , which makes me an idiot , too . 
 but you have to do this . '' 
 i shook my head no . 
 `` if i did the opposite of everything i felt was right , men would be deported to the moon . 
 especially egyptian men . 
 named narmer . '' 
 hey . 
 not a bad idea ! 
 other-me stomped her foot . 
 `` cimil . 
 this is n't a joke . '' 
 `` who 's joking ? '' 
 she gave me the infamous cimil stare of death . 
 i 'd invented it several centuries ago . 
 glad to know i 'd not given it up . 
 it was very scary . 
 `` you 're not even sure this will change the future , '' i grumbled . 
 `` who 's not to say that me trying to destroy the world does n't end with me actually destroying it ? '' 
 `` you have a point , '' she said , tapping her finger on the side of her mouth . 
 `` if only we had a sign from the universe . '' 
 i cringed . 
 `` ha ! 
 i know that look ! '' 
 she jumped up and down pointing at me . 
 `` you got a sign , did n't you ? '' 
 yes . 
 i 'd seen the vision in narmer 's eyes . 
 `` i saw a glimpse of the gods going insane and destroying the world . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` because they are lonely . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 i 'm right ! 
 i knew it . '' 
 she hugged me . 
 `` cimil , you must find them all soul mates . 
 while doing the opposite of trying to do anything good , of course . 
 in fact , you should start with yourself . 
 go find your man ! '' 
 she started doing that little dance from the future called disco , and i resisted the urge to join along . 
 disco dancing always made me feel better . 
 `` love is not in the cards for me . 
 never has been , never will be . '' 
 `` sorry , but the universe has spoken . '' 
 she went into lightning finger mode . 
 a timeless disco-move classic . 
 `` the man i thought i loved crushed my heart and ripped off my head . 
 oh , he 's also turned into some dark , scary creature that drinks blood . '' 
 the only , and i mean , only thing i wanted to do was get my ass back to egypt to dish out a little payback . 
 `` you have to make up with him , '' she said happily . 
 `` not gon na happen . 
 i hate the man . 
 i will never love again . '' 
 `` you must learn to forgive , '' she pushed . 
 i looked her squarely in the eyes . 
 `` he killed minky . '' 
 `` motherfucker ! 
 if everyone was n't dead already , i 'd kill the bastard , '' she replied . 
 damned right ! 
 and what a damned strange conversation . 
 `` then you will have to focus on our brethren and get them to fall in love , '' she said . 
 `` while you do the opposite of anything you think is in the best interest of humanity . 
 so you can save us , of course . '' 
 i laughed so loud that the leaves from the trees above shook violently . 
 `` that 's even crazier than asking me to fall in love . '' 
 i did n't mean it as an insult , but did she realize who we were talking about ? 
 there was my sister ixtab , goddess of suicide . 
 she would scare any mortal man right out of his skin . 
 then there was my brother votan , the god of death and war . 
 his ego was so big i often wondered how he managed to squeeze it into a mortal form . 
 then there was kinich , god of the sun and our leader . 
 he was so busy trying to accept what he was that there was no room for any woman in his life . 
 there was n't one deity alive who was relationship material . 
 then there was the question of finding mates for them . 
 sure , we gods were powerful and incredibly good-looking , but we 're also dysfunctional and highly unevolved from an emotional standpoint . 
 we were like children . 
 with superpowers ! 
 who would want to date any of us ? 
 narmer wanted to date you . 
 narmer is an ass . 
 agreed . 
 then there was the whole picky thing . 
 i mean , that there 'd actually be someone out there my brethren would feel was their equal ? 
 not gon na happen . 
 the list of reasons as for the ridiculousness of this idea went on and on and on . 
 `` ca n't we just get everyone puppies ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` we can make them immortal . '' 
 other-me rolled her eyes . 
 `` they do n't need puppies . 
 they need passion ! 
 they need romance ! 
 they need a reason to live . 
 besides , nothing is impossible . 
 especially for you . 
 or us . 
 whatever . 
 we are the only ones who have mastered our gifts . 
 we are the goddess of the underworld , pain , chicken noodle soup , campfire stories , shopping , rainbows , bad humor , and deception , just to name a few . '' 
 `` you forgot bringer of the apocalypse , '' i said dryly . 
 `` exactly ! 
 we completely rock . 
 they should name an entire species after us . 
 penguins ! 
 yes . 
 they should rename them cimguins ! '' 
 what happened to future me ? 
 i 'm so ... crazy . 
 `` you will simply need to use your powers , '' she said , `` and choose the best match you can . 
 mold the situation to force our brethren to open their hearts . '' 
 this plan was beyond any degree of insanity i 'd ever witnessed . 
 but as i mulled it over , i could not deny its logic and the facts before me . 
 `` where do i start ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` what were you about to do next ? '' 
 the other-me asked . 
 `` kill narmer along with his five brothers and sisters . '' 
 `` then you shall help them live , '' she said . 
 `` and you shall start the search for soul mates . '' 
 `` yippee . '' 
 good times . 
 good f ** king times . 
 part two-cimil and rrroberto the not-so-early years chapter seven fast-forward through mountains of boring crap to barcelona , spain , may 1 , 1712 -lrb- hint : this is right before a certain vampire has his date with destiny . 
 poor guy ends up accidentally married . 
 oops ! -rrb- 
 `` i 'm not going to sleep with narmer 's evil brother . '' 
 i dealt another card from the top of the deck and slid it across the long , formal dining room table . 
 `` what ? 
 i think vampires in tights look hot . '' 
 other-me picked up the card and frowned . 
 `` reminds me of chorizo . 
 and who can resist meat in an intestinal casing ? '' 
 ick . 
 `` i can . 
 you do know you 're not inspiring me to continue saving the world , do n't you ? '' 
 she began nibbling her thumb . 
 that meant she had nothing in her hand . 
 gods , i was such a bad poker player . 
 pretty surprising given that 's the only thing my flock , aka `` the dead , '' did all day . 
 `` exactly why am i failing to inspire you ? '' 
 she mumbled , adjusting the strap of her ballerina tutu . 
 `` because you 're f ** king crazy . 
 not much to look forward to . '' 
 sometimes , she 'd wake me up , screaming i was on fire . 
 other days , she 'd break out in hysterical laughter watching imaginary reruns of a show called the love boat . 
 `` crazy ? 
 moi ? '' 
 she reordered her cards . 
 `` dammit . 
 i got nothing . 
 fold . '' 
 she threw the cards on the table . 
 `` yes . 
 i suppose i am . 
 but i think your crazy boat to crazytown also sailed oodles of centuries ago . '' 
 perhaps it was true . 
 i 'd only become more and more disconnected from reality as time moved on . 
 reality was , after all , constantly changing . 
 `` i have a good excuse , '' i said . 
 `` look who i spend time with . '' 
 `` yourself , '' she said dryly . 
 `` you spend time with yourself . 
 speaking of , should n't you be packing ? 
 we have mates to find , and your work here is almost complete . '' 
 `` we just got to spain . '' 
 i groaned . 
 i 'd spent almost four millennia doing nothing but causing mayhem , instigating mischief , destroying people 's lives-all in the name of saving humanity , of course . 
 bottom line , no matter how hard i worked , other-me still showed up for work every day to remind me i had n't changed the future . 
 i was beginning to think i never would . 
 `` i 've decided i 'm not moving from this town house until we get another sign from the universe . '' 
 `` with whom do you converse ? '' 
 said a deep voice from behind . 
 i twisted my body in the chair . 
 narmer stood in the corner wearing black leather pants and a white shirt with puffy sleeves . 
 `` you dirty son of a-get out ! '' 
 dammit , i 'd paid my dues to this chaotic scheme . 
 i 'd let him , his brothers , and sisters live . 
 vampires , as they eventually named their species , were rampant in the world , in particular the obscuros , who were quite evil and intent on enslaving mankind . 
 all thanks to wonderful me . 
 narmer held out his hands . 
 `` wait . 
 i only ask that you listen , '' he said , dipping his chin to stare directly into my eyes . 
 gods , his dark eyes still affected me . 
 i wanted to pluck them from his head . 
 `` do n't kill him , cimil , '' other-me said . 
 of course , narmer could n't see or hear her . 
 `` shut your piehole , '' i told her . 
 narmer cocked a brow . 
 `` i am not familiar with the term piehole . '' 
 `` i 'm not speaking to you , unicorn slayer ! '' 
 i spat and then turned toward other-me . 
 `` not a peep from you . 
 got it ? 
 not a peep . 
 i do n't care if we all die . '' 
 other-me shrugged and then mimed the `` zippy lip , throw away the key '' thing . 
 i took a deep breath and turned my attention back to narmer . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he lifted his chin . 
 `` i am here to apologize . '' 
 i bust out laughing . 
 ironically , so did other-me . 
 at least we were consistent . 
 i slapped my knee . 
 `` funny , big boy , but i think that camel left the sand dune four-point-seven millennia ago when you killed my minky and decapitated me . '' 
 his eyes were hard and cold . 
 `` i behaved deplorably . 
 there is no excuse . '' 
 chin still held high , he lowered himself to his knees . 
 `` i 've spent thousands of years searching for the answers-what i am , how i was truly created , why no matter how many women i sleep with or drink from , i feel emptier by the day . '' 
 `` excellent ! 
 then my wish to see you suffer for eternity was granted . 
 it 's about f ** king time the universe gave me something . '' 
 `` i know you despise me , '' he said . 
 `` but let me assure you , the feeling is mutual . '' 
 `` then why the hell are you here , on your knees , asking for forgiveness ? '' 
 i seethed . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` as much as my stomach churns with revulsion at the notion , i believe that ... perhaps ... '' `` what , you filthy , fangy pharaoh ? '' 
 `` perhaps i have never truly gotten over you . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 `` i ask that you give me thirty days to discover the truth , and if i am correct , to help me find a way to break this curse . '' 
 what a complete jackass ! 
 this monster destroyed my heart and wanted me to help him figure out if he still loved me so that if he did , i could help him to stop loving me ? 
 finally , someone crazier than me ! 
 `` the only thing you will get from me is the final blow . 
 and i do n't mean the sexy kind . 
 get up , '' i growled . 
 he was up on his feet , standing over me within the blink of an eye . 
 `` you 're wasting your precious time , narmer . 
 i would n't cross the street to poke you in the eye . 
 and trust me , i really enjoy poking people in the eye . '' 
 `` you must reconsider , cimil . 
 do you have any idea the hell i have endured these past millennia ? 
 i go to sleep thinking about the woman i hate , who destroyed my life . 
 i wake up with an enormous erection , still thinking about you . 
 it makes me sick . '' 
 `` awww . 
 how sweet . 
 he likes you , cimil , '' said other-me . 
 `` shut up , '' i replied to her . 
 `` who are you speaking to ? '' 
 narmer asked , glancing between the corner of the room and me . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 i barked . 
 narmer studied me with curiosity as i completed my conversation . 
 with myself . 
 ugh . 
 i am so crazy ! 
 `` silence is unknown to me , '' other-me said . 
 `` but before you respond with one of your whimsical replies , like ` shut your big whorey mouth , ' i ask you to think before you respond to this vampire . 
 what does your instinct tell you to do ? '' 
 other-me asked . 
 `` you know exactly what it 's saying . '' 
 `` then you must do the opposite , '' she counseled . 
 `` you must help him . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` just try it , '' she argued . 
 `` see what happens . 
 maybe i 'll disappear ! '' 
 i clamped my eyes shut . 
 shit , shit , shit . 
 so unfair ! 
 i clenched my fists and pasted on an expression that was n't quite a smile , but was , at the very least , nontoxic . 
 `` i hate you , '' i told her . 
 narmer crossed his arms over his chest , glaring . 
 `` so , this is your answer . 
 this is how you choose to treat me ? '' 
 wh-wh-what ? 
 oh my gods ! 
 how dare he - `` i figured you might play your hand in such a way , '' he said and then bowed his head . 
 `` very well . 
 i came prepared . '' 
 i growled . 
 he was making this `` sucking it up for the sake of humanity '' thing almost impossible . 
 `` you will help me or - '' `` or what ? '' 
 i hissed . 
 i simply could n't hold my tongue . 
 `` or you 'll screw some poor woman in front of me while draining the life from her , murder my beloved pet , and then remove my head ? 
 again ! '' 
 i pushed him , but he did n't budge . 
 `` well , screw you and the leather pants you rode in on , because there is no one , and i mean no in this world that i 'd rather - '' i was about to say `` kill , '' but other-me interrupted . 
 `` watch yourself , cimil . 
 remember our mission . 
 humanity depends on you . '' 
 dammit ! 
 dammit ! 
 dammit ! 
 i stomped my foot . 
 this situation sucked camel humps . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` in exchange for your consideration , '' he said . 
 `` i will return your beast . 
 i merely ask thirty days to prove to myself you are not the love of my existence . '' 
 i covered my mouth with my hand . 
 `` minky is alive ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` do we have a deal ? '' 
 `` you lied to me ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` yes or no ? '' 
 he said sharply . 
 `` decide . '' 
 all this time , i 'd been without her , thinking my beloved pet was dead ? 
 and he said nothing ? 
 he let me suffer ? 
 i am going to kill him . 
 i pasted on a smile . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , we do . '' 
 narmer bowed his head . 
 `` i will return tomorrow evening at sundown . '' 
 he swooped from the room in a blur . 
 i grumbled several ugly words in the direction he 'd left . 
 `` you know , cimi , '' said other-me , `` simply because you 're supposed to help the man does n't mean you ca n't play with him a little . 
 i mean , i ca n't see how a little payback is going to throw us off track . '' 
 i planned to do a lot more than deliver a little payback . 
 * * * in preparation for narmer 's arrival , i bathed in rose-scented soap , put on the lowest cut dress i could find-the red silk number with white lace trim-and wore my flaming-red hair in loose , wild ribbons down my back . 
 my look screamed `` sex kitten , '' though that term did n't exist yet , so i supposed the appropriate term should 've been `` whore . '' 
 i had to admit i felt excited dressing for him , knowing that i would see him and finally have the chance to give him a little taste of revenge . 
 because while the last four thousand-something years had zoomed by , there was n't a day that went by since we met where i did n't think of him . 
 and trust me , i tried not to . 
 i did everything within my power to drown the memories-knitting , gardening , poetry , hosting orgies-but nothing worked . 
 seeing narmer again made me realize that it was because he and i had unfinished business . 
 mainly , i had a score to settle . 
 `` good evening , my goddess . '' 
 narmer appeared before me , grasping a handful of wildflowers . 
 my first reaction was to rip them from his hand and beat him with them , but instead , i gracefully stood from my love seat , accepted them from his hand , and allowed him to bask in my hotness . 
 his dark eyes flickered with lust as he drank me in . 
 `` you look '' - he reached for my free hand and kissed the top - `` delectable . '' 
 i snapped my appendage away . 
 `` thanks , but you can turn off the charm . 
 i 've been with enough of your kind to know how this vampire seduction works . '' 
 narmer frowned . 
 `` what do you mean by ` been with ' ? '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 `` been . 
 as in , bedded . 
 played in the sack . 
 rode until cross-eyed . 
 you do know that vampires and deities are sexually compatible , yes ? 
 sadly , the rest of my kind feels they are too good to do the hokey-pokey with a vampire . 
 i , however , have taken a liking to it . 
 in fact , it 's like a competitive sport . 
 i like to see which ones last the longest . '' 
 it was true . 
 the touch of a deity was n't fatal for a vampire , which made it ironic that my brethren saw nothing of value in their race , with the exception of kinich , of course , who still held a certain morbid fascination with their kind . 
 after the narmer incident , i had a very long discussion with my brethren , keeping their origin secret to myself obviously . 
 they saw the vampires as just another one of the creator 's creatures , brought into the world for the sole purpose of teaching us humility . 
 a reminder of sorts to keep our egos in check . 
 they were kinda , sorta right , but not quite . 
 in any case , while my brethren had a healthy fear of vampires , they mostly loathed them . 
 i , on the other hand , viewed them as an invaluable asset to my all-out attempt to destroy humanity-er , save humanity . 
 you get the picture . 
 narmer raised a brow , and i immediately sensed his jealousy . 
 good . 
 the more suffering , the better ! 
 `` well , '' he said calmly , `` i suppose it would be unrealistic to expect you to remain alone all these years . 
 especially given how beautiful you are . '' 
 ugh . 
 did he think i 'd be sitting by the phone-if we had phones-waiting for him to call ? 
 idiot . 
 `` let 's cut the crap , narmer . 
 the deal was thirty days in exchange for minky . '' 
 `` uh-uh-uha . '' 
 he wagged his finger . 
 `` the agreement was you must allow me the opportunity to understand the nature of my feelings for you-thirty days to learn why i am obsessed with you . '' 
 `` which in your mind means ... what ? '' 
 `` we will make love . 
 what else ? '' 
 `` for thirty days ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the man was off his immortal rocker . 
 that said , this could be fun ! 
 `` i will sleep with you one time , but only after you 've satisfied my list of demands - '' `` i said nothing about agreeing to a list . '' 
 `` do you want to play bowling for cimi or not ? '' 
 he stared , calmly mulling it over . 
 `` i agree to nothing , except for bowling-my invention , by the way-but let me hear your list . '' 
 i snickered on the inside . 
 `` nope . 
 i will give you one task each day . 
 if you complete the task successfully , you may return the next day for another . 
 at the end of the thirty days , if you cross the finish line , then the big trophy is yours . '' 
 he cocked one brow . 
 `` mine . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 i nodded . 
 ya . 
 like you 're ever going to succeed . 
 `` the whole enchilada , papi . '' 
 `` your words continue to perplex me . 
 you do mean sex . 
 yes ? '' 
 he asked skeptically . 
 `` yeppers . '' 
 `` i sense your trickery , cimil . 
 no doubt you will not play fair and ask me to do something i find morally repugnant or that will land me in hot water with others , your brethren in particular . '' 
 hmmm ... he 's on to me . 
 `` i promise that i will ask you to do many morally apprehensible things ; however , i promise to only involve the two individuals standing right here . 
 three if you count other-me . '' 
 `` who is other-me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` do n't ask , '' i replied . 
 `` the answer will only give you the uncontrollable urge to scream . 
 or send you into a crippling spiral of lusty fantasies involving twins . 
 redheaded twins . 
 point is , my terms are my terms . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 take it , take it , take it . 
 i want to see you suffer ... apprehension flickered in his dark eyes . 
 `` what . 
 are n't you a big bad ancient one ? 
 almost five thousand years old ? 
 what could i possibly dish that you can not handle ? 
 hmmm ? '' 
 he stared at me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i flicked my wrist . 
 `` you may leave , then . 
 i have a date tonight anyway . 
 i think you might know him , your brother philippe . '' 
 philippe was n't his real name , but many vampires found it easier to go unnoticed by humans if they attempted to fit in . 
 they often changed names , moved to another continent , and tried to keep their look fresh . 
 in any case , philippe was about as fresh and big and bad as they came . 
 he was also the brother who 'd tried to overthrow narmer and who would later end up the leader of the evil vampires , better known as obscuros . 
 philippe and i were close buds now . 
 it went against my better judgment , so that had to be a good thing , i supposed . 
 narmer growled . 
 `` very well . 
 name the first challenge . '' 
 i wanted to pull him in slowly . 
 make it easy at first . 
 `` i hate your name . 
 it reminds me of painful memories . 
 you will change it to ... barbara . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` okay . 
 rrrroberto . '' 
 `` roberto ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 i said , ` rrrroberto . ' '' 
 `` roberto . 
 this is what i said . '' 
 `` no you have to rrrrroll the r , '' i said . 
 `` ah yes . '' 
 he took a big breath . 
 `` roooberto . '' 
 he smiled proudly . 
 `` there , you see . 
 and now that we have that out of the way . '' 
 i blinked , and he had his thick arms wrapped around my body . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 i squirmed against his iron grip . 
 damn , had he gotten stronger ? 
 because i had the strength of twenty men . 
 i knew this because i 'd recently won a round of tug-of-war at the local watering hole . 
 got me a new horse and few pounds of gold , including one man 's tooth-he did n't think i would win . 
 idiot . 
 i always win ! 
 i wiggled a hand free and gave narmer-errr , roooberto-a hard slap . 
 his dark eyes narrowed , and he pressed his lips to mine . 
 they were firm and masculine and sent shock waves of need through my system . 
 no ! 
 no ! 
 i would not let him do this . 
 i fell for his alpha-male bull crap once , but never again . 
 i lifted my knee and landed it right on the mark . 
 roberto doubled over , groaning and cupping himself . 
 `` arrrrr . 
 what the saints did you do that for ? '' 
 he can roll his r 's ! 
 i smiled . 
 `` that 's what happens to little boys who take without asking . '' 
 `` you kick little boys in their balls ? 
 you truly are evil , '' he grunted . 
 `` wh-wha-no ! 
 i do not hit children ! 
 oh , shut up . '' 
 i grabbed him by the arm and shuffled him toward the door . 
 `` out ! 
 out you crusty , old pharaoh . '' 
 i slammed the door behind him , knowing full well it would never deter him from returning , so i hoped he 'd had enough for the evening . 
 i sure as hell did . 
 i walked into my bedroom and pulled a mirror from the drawer to fix my makeup . 
 i looked at my reflection and let out a slow breath . 
 my pale face was flushed , my pupils dilated . 
 dammit . 
 that man still had a grip over me . 
 `` i do n't care what the consequences are ; i must destroy him . '' 
 chapter eight the next evening , i made sure not to be at home , but in a place i knew mr. decapitator would easily find me . 
 a place that would trigger a severe case of angst . 
 i watched philippe , a lanky man with a straggly mop of black hair , pace across his lavishly furnished living room-velvety upholstery , gold inlay on all the wood , crystal chandelier . 
 it was just as over the top as his clothing . 
 he wore a burgundy tunic with blue piping on the sleeves along with white tights . 
 call me crazy , but i simply could n't get into the men-in-leggings look . 
 not hot . 
 philippe scratched his unshaven chin . 
 `` and you are certain , cimil , that the vampire queen will not come after us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i laughed and then popped up from my seat . 
 `` first '' - i held out one finger - `` i have found her a distraction . 
 a male who is , shall i say , perfect for her in every way . '' 
 yes , i believed i 'd found her mate . 
 how did i know ? 
 the dead of the future from the queen 's very own dungeon spoke of a man that would drive her mad with lust . 
 this man went by the name andrus gray . 
 it took me a while , but i tracked him down and arranged the events , sending them on a collision course . 
 once he was in her life , the queen would think of nothing but him . 
 philippe would be free to start picking apart her army , recruiting the best for his own cause . 
 why would i do such a horrible thing ? 
 simple . 
 it was a well-known fact that the queen was narmer 's right hand and the first human he 'd ever made into a vampire . 
 when he became tired of ruling , he made her the figurehead of his `` good '' vampire kingdom . 
 yes , i 'd been keeping tabs on narmer . 
 point was , however , i hated her . 
 loathed her . 
 which meant i had to help her find true love . 
 as for philippe-well , he was pure evil . 
 a sick bastard with zero respect for human life who never got over the fact that his brother narmer outranked him in this life or the past . 
 that meant i had to help him . 
 see how horribly confusing everything was for me ? 
 like equaled hate . 
 hate equaled bff . 
 gray equaled pink . 
 good , bad . 
 bad , good . 
 one word : crazy . 
 `` what about that f ** king general , niccolo diconti ? 
 he will never step aside quietly and allow us to ruin the army he has amassed . '' 
 i sighed . 
 why did everyone doubt me ? 
 `` now , now , philippe . 
 you just leave him to me . '' 
 i patted him on the arm . 
 `` mr. diconti will be quite busy for the next three hundred years locked in my piggy bank . '' 
 i flicked my wrist . 
 `` now . 
 off you go ! 
 world destruction . '' 
 i actually felt a little excited by how well my counterintuitive , evil plotting was heading for once that i could n't help but do a little `` ode to wonderful me '' clap . 
 next , i planned to hook the obscuros up with team scab -lrb- aka the maaskab , aka mitnal 's legacy of skanky priests -rrb- . 
 the challenge was getting two extremely untrustworthy factions to trust each other enough to work together . 
 after all , that had been mitnal 's original plan . 
 he 'd simply failed to anticipate that narmer would kill him instead of fight for him . 
 idiot . 
 philippe dipped his head . 
 `` as usual , your abilities astound me . 
 i am in your debt , cimil , '' he said and then disappeared , sifting to his next appointment . 
 `` stop staring ; you 're ruining the moment . '' 
 i turned around and saw roberto standing in a dark corner of the room with a look of disgust . 
 `` you 're sleeping with my brother ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 how else would i get him to do my evil bidding ? '' 
 i lied . 
 `` or get him to tell me where you 're staying so i could arrange to have your house filled with chickens while you slept ? '' 
 roberto marched forward , seething . 
 `` you truly have no moral standards , do you ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 by the way ... what is that smell ? 
 is that chicken poop ? '' 
 he smelled fine , but the look on his face was priceless . 
 if only i could 've been there to see his expression when he woke up to four hundred chickens using his house as their personal toilet . 
 he growled . 
 `` very amusing , cimil . 
 but your childish pranks will not deter me . '' 
 just wait until he finds out that i had his cistern filled with holy water . 
 `` if i win this little challenge of yours , '' he continued , `` you will never spread your legs for another man again . '' 
 how crude ! 
 and dammit ! 
 i really like it when he speaks dirty . 
 `` not sure i could give up philippe , '' i said to fan the flames my little lie had created . 
 `` he 's full of so many dirty tricks . '' 
 `` then i will have to kill him , '' roberto said coldly . 
 good idea . 
 he 's awful . 
 wait . 
 where did he get off ? 
 `` whoa there , robopharaoh . 
 what 's with plotting the death of my lovers ? 
 i agreed to sleep with you . 
 once ! 
 that was it . 
 and you said you only want me so that you can learn how to break the ` curse . ' '' 
 `` that is correct , '' he grumbled . 
 `` so why are you acting like the jealous boyfriend ? '' 
 `` i do not know ! 
 but you will not ! 
 touch ! 
 another ! '' 
 he roared . 
 `` who do you think you are ? 
 you ca n't order me around ! '' 
 he pushed his tall body against mine . 
 `` i can do anything i like . 
 i am the most powerful vampire in the world . '' 
 i stood on my tiptoes and met his glare . 
 `` the stupidest vampire in the world maybe ! '' 
 `` stupid ? '' 
 his eyes turned into orbs of black , and when that happened to a vampire , it meant one of three things : they were angry , horny , or hungry . 
 well , bring it on ! 
 'cause when i 'm done with him , he 's going to want his mummy ! 
 `` i 've met dirt smarter than you , '' i seethed . 
 `` bitch . '' 
 `` asshole , '' i replied . 
 `` god , you 're sexy when you 're angry . '' 
 `` you read my mind , '' i growled . 
 roberto slammed me into the wall with his body . 
 plaster rained down on us , and the room shook as his mouth connected with my lips , his tongue lashing and thrusting against mine , his h * ps eager and demanding as the rest of him . 
 `` dammit , woman , you make me so f ** king crazy , '' he said in a deep , gravelly tone . 
 i tore at his shirt and dug my claws into his shoulders before raking them down his back . 
 i wanted to scratch him and bite him and f ** k him like a piece of meat . 
 `` aaah ! '' 
 he bellowed as my nails left a trail of raw flesh . 
 `` you like that , do n't you . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 he grabbed my hair in the back and pulled hard , forcing me to stare up at him . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 his delicious , angry lips slammed into mine . 
 my lips stung from the impact , and my body felt like it would burst into wild , magnificent , scorching flames of anger and lust . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` i hate you more . '' 
 he released his grip and lifted me up . 
 i wrapped my legs around his waist , allowing him to angle his hard shaft at the throbbing bundle between my legs . 
 he pressed himself into me , his pace aggressive and savage , while we mauled each other with our mouths . 
 i 'd never felt anything so insanely carnal . 
 i could n't stop my body from what it was doing-grabbing and touching and scratching him closer . 
 his h * ps moved in a frantic rhythm , my h * ps following in perfect synchronization , our bodies knowing exactly what to do , what the other wanted , and how to please the other down to the precise amount of pressure to apply . 
 yes , our minds were out of control , swimming in a sexual frenzy , feeding off each other 's anger , but our bodies worked as one , sprinting toward that sweet , sweet finish line . 
 his hot , wet tongue slid down the side of my neck , and i felt the scrape of his teeth . 
 `` i want to bite you , i want to taste you . '' 
 he could have said he wanted to shave my head or wear my panties , and i would 've agreed . 
 the erotic tension was at its peak . 
 just a few more pushes and ... `` anything , anything you want , just do n't ... '' he thrust forward one more time , and my body combusted with shock wave after shock wave of orgasmic pulses . 
 i could n't breathe or move a muscle . 
 tiny flickers of light danced across my vision , and my heart thumped wildly inside my chest . 
 oh my gods , that was so magnificent . 
 `` i can not resist . 
 i must taste you , '' roberto said . 
 i suddenly felt the sharp prick of his fangs . 
 in that moment , my mind kicked in . 
 what am i doing ? 
 `` get off me ! '' 
 i pushed as hard as i could , releasing a burst of pain . 
 roberto had not been expecting it because he flew across the room and landed with a hard thump against the opposite wall . 
 several paintings and a beveled mirror crashed to the floor . 
 oh , well , they were philippe 's . 
 stunned , roberto shook his head . 
 `` why did you do that ? 
 `` i was finished . '' 
 i shrugged and smiled . 
 he sifted in front of me , clearly unhappy . 
 `` well , i am not . '' 
 he reached for the hem of my neckline , looking like he was about to tear my dress in two . 
 i held up my hand . 
 `` back off , stalker . 
 you have n't even made it halfway through the cimi challenge . 
 and a deal is a deal . '' 
 `` but i - '' `` nope . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` touch me and the deal is off . '' 
 `` you are evil and cruel . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` prrrreetty much . '' 
 gods , this was so much fun ! 
 i wanted to do a disco dance and chant that i 'd gotten my fortune cookie and he had n't . 
 `` but knowing you , you 'll have a new woman in your bed before sundown . 
 oops . 
 i forgot . 
 you like them in threes . 
 one to screw . 
 one to kill . 
 and one to drink from . 
 or is that two to kill and one to screw . 
 so confusing . '' 
 unchecked rage simmered in his eyes , but he managed to take a step back . 
 `` what is my challenge today ? '' 
 `` today ... '' you 've been extra naughty . 
 what shall it be ? 
 what shall it be ? 
 `` you will tattoo my face on your back . '' 
 `` vampires can not be tattooed . 
 our skin is far too tough for a needle to penetrate . '' 
 i flicked my wrist . 
 `` no one said my challenges would be easy . 
 off you go ! 
 and do n't return until you 've completed the task . '' 
 i turned away , covering my mouth . 
 he growled . 
 `` until tomorrow . '' 
 gosh . 
 this was getting super fun . 
 * * * the next night , roberto did not return for another task . 
 nor did he return the evening after . 
 `` i guess he gave up ? '' 
 said other-me . 
 i looked up from my book , the art of whore , written by that crazy vampire queen . 
 she really made me feel better about myself . 
 `` pfff , '' i grumbled . 
 `` not likely . 
 he 's a stubborn , arrogant fool . '' 
 `` cimiiil , '' roberto growled from behind . 
 right on cue ! 
 i looked at the grandfather clock in the corner . 
 `` a little late , are n't we ? '' 
 `` i had to sift all the way to india to find a man they call the needle . '' 
 the needle ? 
 hell , that sounded scary , even for me . 
 i turned my back . 
 `` good for you . 
 but you 've lost . 
 the deal was one challenge every day . 
 you 've missed two days . '' 
 roberto ripped off his white linen shirt and turned around . 
 `` look at it . 
 do you have any idea how painful this was ? '' 
 i turned and gasped . 
 `` you have a full portrait of me on your back ... riding on minky ? '' 
 i. love . 
 it . 
 it was the finest work of art i 'd ever seen . 
 and adding minky was most certainly an extra-special touch . 
 `` it 's horrible , '' i spouted . 
 `` my nose looks funny . '' 
 again , i gave him my back and returned to my book , feigning disinterest . 
 roberto made a weird little noise . 
 i imagined it was the sound of a vampire about to detonate . 
 `` you said one challenge for each day . 
 you never said i had to do them one at a time , one day at a time . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 i made a little shrug . 
 this was far too fun to quit now . 
 `` i suppose you can have three challenges . '' 
 roberto stood tall . 
 `` i am ready . '' 
 `` great . 
 you will go out and buy me the finest villa spain has to offer . 
 then you will go to the town square , proclaim your stupidity , and declare your undying love for me . '' 
 a flicker of a grin touched his lips , as if i were ridiculous for believing these tasks would come close to challenging him . 
 `` done . '' 
 `` dressed as a na ** d clown , '' i added . 
 his mini-grin melted away . 
 `` and , '' i said , `` after you 've done that , you will donate all of your wealth to charity . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` are you mad ? 
 do you have any idea , woman , how much money i have accumulated over four thousand seven hundred years ? '' 
 i turned my head away , fighting a smile . 
 vampires were notorious hoarders of wealth-like me ! 
 taking away their money was like removing a limb . 
 `` you do not have to do any of these things , '' i pointed out . 
 `` you may quit at any time . '' 
 i heard the sound of his teeth grinding away inside his jaw . 
 `` i do not know the meaning of the word quit . '' 
 `` sure . 
 just like you did n't quit us , '' i mumbled under my breath . 
 `` ass . '' 
 `` i did not quit us . 
 you left ! '' 
 he roared . 
 i popped up from the couch . 
 `` left ? 
 is that what you think , you moron ? 
 i did n't leave . 
 i died ! 
 that little f ** ker mitnal plucked out my heart and used it to save you ! 
 to make you ! '' 
 `` you lie , '' he growled . 
 i stomped my foot . 
 `` lie ? 
 i fought for twelve months to return to you . 
 i was eaten by a shark ! 
 a f ** king shark ! 
 then i had to steal a fishing boat . 
 three times ! 
 do you have any idea how hard it is to find fishing boats with a monkey 's ass of a chance of crossing an ocean ? 
 do you ? 
 impossible ! 
 that 's why they all sank ! 
 i had to swim the last thousand miles across the freezing atlantic because someone had taken my minky , and there was no other way . 
 but i did n't care . 
 i was worried sick that that bastard was doing something horrible to you ! '' 
 `` y-y-you did n't leave me ? '' 
 he stuttered . 
 i gave him a push as bitter memories flooded my mind . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he stepped back with cold eyes . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` do you ? 
 do you see , roberto ? '' 
 i fumed . 
 `` because if you did , you 'd know that i would have faced banishment to save you . '' 
 other-me tsked in the background . 
 well , to hell with her ! 
 err ... me ! 
 whatever . 
 i was doing the best i could , but everyone had their breaking point . 
 he turned for the door and then paused . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered . 
 `` i did n't know . 
 mitnal said you 'd left me , that you 'd planned to have me turned into a monster all along . 
 the gods ' revenge for my arrogance . 
 i killed him for saying that . '' 
 `` well , thank the universe for small favors , but you 're a fool to have believed i 'd work with mitnal . '' 
 `` am i ? 
 i know what you 've been up to , cimil . 
 i know you taught mitnal 's disciples to use their dark gifts . 
 you created the maaskab . 
 and the obscuros . '' 
 yes . 
 they were two of the world 's most evil forces . 
 the maaskab , the twisted , powerful disciples of mitnal and masters of dark energy . 
 and the obscuros , vampires who believed that innocent humans were their personal treats . 
 `` so what if i did ? '' 
 i walked over to the couch and sat with my back to him . 
 just like all those millennia ago , he did n't trust me . 
 but if he 'd bother to see me for who i was , he would know that i was loyal and good-hearted . 
 there was a method to my evil , mad ways . 
 those ways forced me to do things i felt were wrong . 
 it was slowly driving me insane , tearing me up , piece by piece , leaving me with only my faith to lean on . 
 even that was on its very last legs . 
 `` i know you are evil , cimil . 
 why do you think i waited so long to see you ? 
 i did not want to face the possibility that my heart might belong to someone so horrible and cruel . 
 someone who only seeks to counter all that i fight for . 
 however , my cold heart wants what it wants . 
 i had no choice but to accept my feelings and try to understand them . 
 but believe me , i do not want to love you . 
 not when i know what you are or that my love can not change a being like you . '' 
 my head nearly swiveled off my neck . 
 `` this coming from the king of vampires ? 
 you think you 're better than me ? 
 you 've killed thousands of people , innocent people . '' 
 `` in my early years , yes . 
 i was reckless . 
 but i have long since learned the errors of my way . 
 i created the pact to protect the innocent mortals from my kind . 
 i created an army to fight my brother philippe and the obscuros . 
 so you should not judge me , cimil . '' 
 well , la-di-da ! 
 look , i 'm a supercool ancient one who can do nice things and is n't cursed with being the bringer of the apocalypse ! 
 `` well . 
 maybe you should not judge me . '' 
 `` how can i not ? '' 
 `` if you bothered to look at what 's inside you-a piece of my actual soul-you might find your answer . '' 
 roberto left and a ton of emotional bricks came crashing down . 
 why did he have such a grip on me ? 
 for the second time in my existence , i cried . 
 and for the second time , roberto was gone . 
 i hoped for good . 
 chapter nine the next day i packed my things from the town house . 
 i would leave before sundown and try to finally move on with my life . 
 which , i realized , was something i had n't done . 
 i know i mentioned this before , but time is n't the same for a deity as it is for a human . 
 for us , a year feels like a second . 
 a decade feels like a day-unless you 're trapped by a tribe of randy midgets in the amazon , hell-bent on keeping you as a love slave because they believe you 're the goddess of eternal pleasure . 
 but i digress . 
 point is , although thousands of years had passed , my heart-the metaphorical one-hadn ' t healed . 
 but now it would . 
 it had to . 
 after all , i had love matches to make and a world to save . 
 neither of which were going so well . 
 other-me remained , which meant i was still dead in the future , which meant i had n't accomplished squat . 
 probably because i was n't making any progress with my brethren . 
 not one of them had fallen in love . 
 take my brother k'ak , for example . 
 although he was the quiet sort , he radiated with an internal strength the ladies adored . 
 they could n't keep their hands off his long , flowing silver-streaked hair or that giant jade headdress he wore . 
 so naturally , when i began my search for a mate , i looked for a woman who shared his love of jewels , knew how to wield a brush , and took comfort in silence . 
 i visited every major city , every wealthy and powerful family , every brothel . 
 i finally found the perfect woman for him , a gypsy with a full set of gold teeth . 
 but sadly , she was human , so i planned to have her turned into a vampire once i confirmed k'ak 's interest . 
 after all , humans and deities were n't compatible physically . 
 all went according to plan-k ` ak was smitten ; she was gaga over him-but the moment i had her vampirized , it fell apart . 
 she became bitchy and demanding . 
 k'ak dumped her after a week . 
 i tried the same experiment with ah-celiz , the god of eclipses , and with akna , the goddess of fertility ; however , the results were the same . 
 once a human lost their humanity , my brethren lost interest . 
 i seemed to be the only deity with a vampire fetish . 
 well , as they say in mexico , `` menos burros , mas elotes . '' 
 less donkeys means more corn . 
 yes , yes . 
 in this analogy , i 'm the ass , and the vampires are the corn . 
 anyhoo , i needed to find another solution . 
 with my footmen on my heels and bags loaded onto the carriage , i stepped out my front door onto the bustling street filled with afternoon shoppers , merchants , and the usual hodgepodge of soldiers and beggars . 
 but the moment the foul stench of humanity filled my nostrils , something triggered me to stop . 
 there was a subtle sweetness lingering in the air . 
 the smell of ... `` minky ? '' 
 i whipped my head from side to side . 
 a gentle neigh to my right caught my attention . 
 `` minky ! 
 it 's you ! '' 
 there , tied to a tree-of course , no one could see her but me-was my precious minky . 
 she was so beautiful . 
 gleaming white . 
 giant silver uni-horn . 
 i darted over , but before i reached her , a man strolled by within an inch of the tree . 
 she reached out with her soft little lips and chomped down on the base of his neck . 
 now , the moment she touched him , no one could see-thank the gods for that-but they sure as hell heard . 
 the man screamed like a banshee . 
 `` minky ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 unsure of what was happening or who was screaming , the people in the street scattered like chickens fleeing a fox . 
 except my footmen . 
 they just stood there waiting . 
 -lrb- i 'd compelled them not to notice the bizarre and unusual , which surprisingly left them standing around quite often . -rrb- 
 i tried to dislodge the man from minky 's death grip , but there was a loud crunch as she bit down hard and then it was too late . 
 minky let the man drop to the ground and licked her bloody lips . 
 `` minky ! 
 what have you done ? '' 
 she looked at me with her giant lavender eyes and made a little shrug . 
 i am going to kill that vampire ! 
 i turned toward my footmen . 
 `` take my things . 
 we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 * * * it took a week , but narmer did return . 
 of course , i knew he would . 
 there 's a little thing called stubbornness , and narmer-errr-roberto was the king . 
 bastard pharaoh is going to pay for everything he 's done . 
 i know you 're thinking i still had the big picture to think about , but ironically , i 'd landed exactly where i wanted to be . 
 you see , killing him was what i wanted to do . 
 but while that would have made me feel warm and fuzzy all over , it really was n't a just punishment . 
 long story short , given the `` do the opposite '' thing mandated by my deceased self from the future , i would have to let him live . 
 when i thought about it , there was no sweeter justice than letting him continue , trapped in his dreary , little life , wondering why after thousands of years he could not forget me . 
 idiot . 
 he had my light . 
 he 'd never be able to forget me . 
 in fact , i planned to give his obsession a little boost . 
 i would show him a slice of heaven and then snatch it away . 
 `` i know you 're there , narmer . '' 
 he 'd been watching me for the last hour as i finished up the last of my gardening . 
 i stood up and dusted the dirt from my hands and the front of my pink sundress . 
 `` roberto . 
 my name is now roberto . 
 and if i may ask , '' he said , `` why are you collecting bugs ? '' 
 i looked down at the wooden bucket at my side . 
 it was dark outside now , but i knew it was crawling with six-legged critters . 
 `` interviewing witnesses . '' 
 one of my many wild gifts was the ability to transform humans into insects . 
 i hated insects , all those little spindly , wiggly little legs . 
 ick ! 
 so once i cursed someone , they were tossed outside . 
 unfortunately , i 'm not perfect . 
 once in a while , i lose my temper and transform someone i should n't . 
 then i 've got to look for them and try to turn them back . 
 it never works out well . 
 poor , poor smithy . 
 but i 'd warned him not to hurt minky . 
 yes , but it can not be easy shoeing an invisible creature . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 roberto dipped his head . 
 i grabbed the bucket and turned for the house . 
 `` may i ask why you 're here ? '' 
 he trailed behind me in complete ninja silence . 
 `` i have done as you requested . '' 
 i stopped and turned , remembering to stifle my urge to poke him in the eye . 
 with a spork ! 
 `` excellent . 
 however , you do realize that was one week ago-wait ... '' i plucked a strand of flaming-red hair from his collar . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` it is hair from the wig i wore . 
 as i said , i did what you asked . '' 
 `` you dressed like a clown in public , and i missed it ? 
 hell , narm-roberto , where 's the fun in that ? '' 
 `` a na ** d clown . 
 i wore only the wig . 
 and your instructions did not include your having to be present . 
 however , there are plenty of challenges left , so if you wish me to repeat the task , you merely need ask . 
 although ... '' he scratched his rough , sprouting beard . 
 `` you will need to loan me the money to acquire more makeup and another wig . '' 
 `` you really gave up all of your money ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 i suddenly had the urge to spank him like a wild woman . 
 with my tongue . 
 while he moaned with excruciating pleasure that only i could deliver . 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course . 
 i am a vampire . 
 we are always serious . '' 
 oh , that was rich . 
 or poor . 
 whichever . 
 this ex-pharaoh probably had n't gone one day in his entire life without a legion of servants and enough wealth to support a small kingdom . 
 and he 'd given it up for me ? 
 swoon . 
 sigh . 
 and ... melt . 
 `` what happened to the wig ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the crowd to which i declared my stupidity and love for you-which i would like to point out did not cast a very flattering light upon you-was more than happy to relieve themselves of their rotten vegetables while i stood there . '' 
 how had i missed this ? 
 and ... dammit all to hell ! 
 i 'm starting to like him again . 
 what ? 
 no ! 
 you hate him . 
 he 's a total cretin ! 
 `` sounds like fun . 
 so , why are you here again ? '' 
 roberto followed me inside as i made my way through the kitchen , up the servant staircase and to my quarters on the third floor . 
 `` pepe ! 
 start me a bath , would ya ? '' 
 i barked . 
 pepe was one of my hunky manservants . 
 pepe appeared shirtless , rippling , shiny . 
 i sighed with a deep appreciation . 
 `` yes , my goddess ? '' 
 he said , standing tall and firm , like a mighty man-oak . 
 roberto growled . 
 `` why is this man nude ? 
 and why have you told him what you are ? 
 i understood this to be a secret . '' 
 i tilted my head , ogling away at pepe . 
 `` he 's not nude . 
 he 's wearing hot pants . 
 you like ? 
 i had them custom-made . 
 they 're all the rage in the future . 
 mostly for women , but i 'm egalitarian all the way . 
 for example , during the day , i put pepe in them to chop wood while i watch . 
 then i chop his wood . '' 
 i sighed for effect . 
 `` so entertaining . 
 almost as fun as when i have him lie down nude while i butter him with coconut oil . 
 it 's called sunbathing . '' 
 i looked roberto over . 
 `` you should try it sometime . 
 that pale , pasty vampire skin does n't suit you at all . '' 
 roberto used to be one of the yummiest , golden-brown men i knew , like a roasted coffee bean . 
 now he was the color of lightly toasted bread . 
 `` sunbathing . 
 very amusing , cimil . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i have my moments . '' 
 `` send him away before i drink him . '' 
 `` roberto , are you jealous ? '' 
 pepe was pretty yummy ; however , he was human and , therefore , untouchable . 
 roberto seemed to have forgotten that . 
 `` yes . 
 now send him away so you and i may converse in private . '' 
 `` pepe , do as the pasty man asks and start my bath . 
 i 'll be there in a moment . 
 and i want the special scrub down tonight . 
 i 'm feeling especially dirty . '' 
 i winked . 
 roberto growled . 
 `` okay . 
 speak . '' 
 i walked into my bedchamber and started shedding my dirty clothes . 
 roberto growled again , and then his eyes locked on me . 
 `` i. . . 
 i. . . 
 forgot what i was about to say . '' 
 i stood in my chemise , knowing full well it was as sheer as a layer of morning dew . 
 `` you were about to tell me why you 've returned when clearly you loathe me and my evil ways . 
 by the way , i think you ought to do an evil self-check , 'cause brainwashing a unicorn definitely falls under the sinister category . '' 
 `` ah yes . '' 
 he scratched his bristly chin . 
 `` i 'd meant to explain that little detail . 
 it seems that after many thousands of years in the daily company of my men , she now believes she is one of us . 
 my sincerest apologies . '' 
 he dipped his head . 
 `` perhaps with time ... '' ugh ! 
 `` blah , blah , blah ... why are you here ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 he walked over to my bed and sank down , staring at the floor . 
 `` to say that i was wrong . 
 i should not have been so quick to believe mitnal . 
 i realize now that being raised with siblings who looked only to destroy me has tainted my view of the world . '' 
 i stared at roberto and tried to ignore any feelings of sympathy . 
 he 'd caused me thousands of years of pain . 
 `` i 'd say i accept your apology , but us evildoers do n't know how . '' 
 he ignored the jab . 
 `` i also came to say that you were right . 
 i feel there is goodness in you . 
 but i do not understand why you are helping the obscuros and maaskab . '' 
 `` because the evil in me says i should punish you . 
 what better way than to help your enemies ? '' 
 it was n't true , but i hoped the answer stung a little . 
 anger flickered in his dark , desolate eyes . 
 he moved with dizzying speed and grabbed me by the waist , holding my body firmly to him . 
 i was about to tell him to back off , but that 's when i felt it . 
 his warmth . 
 his hardness . 
 that little spark deep inside my chest and lower , much , much lower . 
 for as many vampires as i 'd gone to bed with , trying to rid myself of any feelings i had for their king , not one held a match to the bonfire of raw , needy , emotions narmer-err , roberto-had sparked within me . 
 i so hated him for that ! 
 `` i know you are lying , cimil . 
 but i do not care . 
 i know the truth about you now-you 're not evil-and i am relieved because i love you and there is no denying it . 
 not anymore . '' 
 he dipped his head and kissed me deeply . 
 his soft lips moved over mine , gently at first , then harder . 
 his tongue slid into my mouth , and he tasted sweet like cinnamon and sugar . 
 his masculine scent was even sweeter , as if time had only made him more potent and delicious like a fine wine . 
 with one hand planted firmly on my backside pulling me into the hardness jutting from his groin , he moved the other to cup my face . 
 `` you feel it , too . 
 do n't you , cimil ? '' 
 he whispered in that deep , lusty tone . 
 `` uh . 
 yeah . 
 how could i not feel a giant pyramid stabbing me in the stomach ? '' 
 i looked into his eyes , and that is when i saw it again . 
 crap ! 
 i scrambled away and held him back with one arm . 
 this time i had n't seen destruction in his eyes , i saw my life . 
 i saw him . 
 i saw our lights pulling toward each other on an unavoidable crash course , destined to become an inseparable life force . 
 i felt our hearts beating to the same easy-listening love ballad compilation that would someday haunt every high school prom for an entire cheesy century . 
 he is my mate ? 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 the one male in all the universe born for me , with the ability to make or break me . 
 this guy ? 
 why had n't i seen it before ? 
 but now it all made so much sense . 
 the way i felt about him even before he became a vampire , the universe speaking to me through him , and my inability to move on . 
 `` this ca n't be happening . '' 
 i covered my face with my hands . 
 `` do not push me away , cimil . 
 you and i have unfinished business , and you know as well as i that there will be no moving forward until things are settled . 
 we are meant to be . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` you are mine . '' 
 `` yours ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . 
 mine . '' 
 there he was . 
 that man . 
 the fearless king who stood before an ocean of people , daring them to defy him . 
 oh , the confidence , the power , the light of raw conviction and sheer determination . 
 it radiated from some place deep inside him . 
 he was magnificent . 
 and i would crush him before i 'd let him own me . 
 i would not let the universe dictate one more piece of my life . 
 yes , i 'd let him have a taste of me , of heaven , and then i 'd leave him . 
 i pasted on a smile . 
 `` perhaps i feel something for you , but the apology is not enough . 
 how do you propose to make amends ? '' 
 roberto 's lips formed an arrogant smile . 
 `` i merely ask you to give me the chance to redeem myself , to complete the thirty days . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i headed for the bath but hit a hard wall of muscles before i reached the doorway . 
 `` no . 
 no other male shall touch you . 
 and we will spend the rest of the month at the estate i 've purchased for you . '' 
 oh . 
 i 'd forgotten about that . 
 `` is it nice ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i spent half my fortune on it before giving the rest to the local orphanage . 
 they are now the wealthiest children on the planet . '' 
 awww ... that was so nice . 
 i loved children . 
 especially when they were rich . 
 and boogerless . 
 `` so do we have an agreement ? '' 
 he asked . 
 there were nineteen days left . 
 `` yes . 
 but i 'm bringing pepe . '' 
 `` no . 
 no males . 
 i meant what i said , cimil . '' 
 `` so , you 're telling me that you will not touch another woman for nineteen days ? '' 
 roberto 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` you do realize i must feed , and i can not take from you-you are not human . '' 
 oh , i knew . 
 `` yep . 
 deal or no deal ? '' 
 i could n't wait for television to be invented . 
 watching tv through the memories of the dead from the future was so lo-fi . 
 it sucked . 
 roberto winced . 
 `` i will not bed them , cimil . '' 
 `` nope . 
 not good enough . 
 you can drink from all the dudes you like , though . '' 
 he stared . 
 `` men . 
 i mean men , '' i clarified . 
 his lips scrunched up into a sour little pucker . 
 `` i disdain the feeling of holding a man in my arms . 
 women are much nicer . 
 soft and curvy and luscious . '' 
 idiot . 
 `` not winning . '' 
 `` my apologies . 
 of course , i will make the sacrifice . 
 i would do anything for you . '' 
 i felt sorta tingly with anticipation . 
 i was so going to enjoy breaking his heart . 
 or maybe i was n't . 
 a part of me wanted him to triumph as much as i wanted to punish him . 
 how could i want both ? 
 ummm ... 'cause you 're cimil ? 
 good point ! 
 `` all right , '' i agreed . 
 `` i will go and see this magical oasis you 've acquired for me . 
 but if i do n't like it , you 're taking back your money from those orphans and buying me another . '' 
 roberto studied me for a moment . 
 `` you jest . '' 
 `` not really . 
 why ? 
 is that wrong to take money from orphans ? '' 
 his mouth twisted with disapproval . 
 i made an awkward little chuckle . 
 `` oh . 
 i 'm only ... jesting away . '' 
 damn . 
 i really am evil . 
 chapter ten the villa was n't more than a few hours by horseback from barcelona . 
 of course , we took minky , so that was , like , a two-second hop . 
 -lrb- insert visual of a large , well-built , powerful vampire riding on a unicorn with me driving . 
 two words : fun . 
 knee . 
 as in , to slap . -rrb- 
 in any case , i had to admit , the ex-king had taste . 
 exquisite taste . 
 hundreds of acres of rolling hills , thousands of vines bursting with grapes , fountains , fruit trees , and a beautiful rose garden in the back . 
 the gorgeous three-story house was like heaven on earth . 
 he 'd spared no expense . 
 `` you did all this in a week ? '' 
 i asked . 
 roberto gloated . 
 `` if you are not pleased , i will gladly live here . '' 
 `` you 're trying to mooch off me already ? 
 i 'm not going to be your sugar mama , you hobo . '' 
 roberto tilted his head . 
 `` your vocabulary has become most peculiar these past millennia . '' 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 it was impossible to maintain a time-period-appropriate vocabulary when i constantly listened to and conversed with dead from multiple `` time zones . '' 
 luckily , i 'd been able to give up grunting after most of the cavemen left the pool of souls . 
 but the dead from the present and future ? 
 they were abundant . 
 i entered the foyer , and the vaulted ceiling with an enormous wrought iron chandelier immediately caught my attention . 
 `` ah yes , '' he said . 
 `` i had that brought in from a small village in northern italy . '' 
 he waved his hand in the air . 
 `` my army has been working around the clock for a week , sifting to the farthest reaches of the globe to find the perfect furnishings . '' 
 we walked up one side of the grand staircase and reached a landing that had been made into a large drawing room . 
 a log gently crackled in the fireplace giving off a warm glow to the hand-carved furniture and rich silk tapestries . 
 giant vases in almost every corner held fresh-cut roses . 
 it truly was a spanish palace fit for a queen . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess it 's okay , '' i said . 
 roberto snickered . 
 he knew he 'd totally nailed it . 
 `` our bedchamber is this way . '' 
 he gestured toward a long hallway with windows on one side and a series of arched doorways on the other . 
 i followed along . 
 `` our ? 
 my , my . 
 are n't we a bit presumptuous , vampire ? '' 
 `` always . 
 i am a vampire . '' 
 excellent point . 
 when we reached the last door , he pushed it open and made a small bow . 
 the room , with its spanish-style tiles and white plaster walls , was simple yet elegant . 
 a set of french doors , situated next to the fireplace , led to a private terrace overlooking what i assumed was the vineyard . 
 a large bed stood in the center of the room , surrounded by soft , rich velvety red curtains . 
 `` to keep out the daylight , '' he said . 
 `` why would i need that ? 
 i like the light . '' 
 he swooped in front of me and locked his arms around my waist . 
 `` you may cease with the games , cimil . 
 i have met your challenge and pleased you . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i smiled coyly . 
 `` i plan to continue the pleasing with the same amount of enthusiasm and vigor as we spend the next nineteen days in that bed , making love . 
 i will please you in every way a man could possibly please a woman . '' 
 i tried to swallow , but a glob of lust was stuck halfway down my throat . 
 i found myself really , really wanting him . 
 you need to punish him , punish him ! 
 but despite that being my evil master plan , that 's not what i wanted . 
 okay , punish him with really awesome sex . 
 for nineteen days . 
 that will teach him to never hurt you again ! 
 he pulled me closer , and i craned my neck up to see his face . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've had many lovers , cimil . 
 i will not lie . 
 this has allowed me to perfect the art of pleasuring a woman and to prepare myself for you ... '' `` i always believed that '' - i cleared my throat , feeling his erection prodding my stomach - `` practice makes perfect . '' 
 `` uh-uh-uh , cimil , '' said other-me . 
 `` he 'll only break your heart . 
 remember what he did to us ? '' 
 ugh ! 
 she 's right ! 
 why was i so easy ? 
 so spineless when it came to him ? 
 `` cimiiiil ? '' 
 she warned . 
 `` are you listening ? '' 
 `` shut up ! 
 okay ? 
 i know , '' i barked . 
 roberto glanced sideways , perplexed . 
 `` i am confused . '' 
 `` i 'm not talking to you . '' 
 i pushed away . 
 `` we ca n't have sex . '' 
 `` of course , we can . 
 i am a vampire . 
 i am able to withstand your touch . '' 
 `` no , i mean , i do n't want to . '' 
 he moved so quickly , i saw only a blur as scraps of fabric flew through the air . 
 the next thing i knew , i was on my back on the bed , roberto just as na ** d as i , lying with his jutting shaft nestled between my legs . 
 `` the smell of your arousal , '' he said in a low , gravelly voice laden with sex , `` and heat between your thighs , both of which have been driving me mad these past hours , do not lie . '' 
 dammit . 
 damned vampires with their sex-sniffing noses . 
 `` cimil ! 
 you ca n't do this ! '' 
 other-me warned . 
 `` this sort of indulgence is what got us into trouble in the first place . '' 
 i looked at her , then at roberto . 
 his strong jaw and thick , sensuous lips , his exotic eyes , and long black hair falling about his face gave the appearance of a mysterious god from another time . 
 he was beautiful . 
 and my heart could n't deny what it wanted : to be whole again . 
 he carried a piece of my light , forever connecting us . 
 revenge just did n't sound enticing any more . 
 but loving him did . 
 he slowly bent his head and kissed me with an unforgiving passion , a yearning that did n't require words . 
 i knew exactly how he felt . 
 our lips moved together , and i felt his hand move down my torso and cup my breast . 
 he massaged it for a moment before sliding down and placing his hot mouth over my nipple . 
 his other hand worked its way toward that magical little spot ready to explode with the slightest touch . 
 `` gods , cimil , how you drive me mad with your body . '' 
 he lapped and sucked on my nipple , allowing the sharp edges of his fangs to scrape forth a gasp while his other fingers lightly grazed the top of the throbbing bud between my legs . 
 `` yes . 
 i like it when you breathe like that . '' 
 holy horny pharaohs . 
 my entire body felt like it might shatter into a million particles of light if he did n't release the pent-up pressure . 
 i quickly rolled him over onto his back . 
 i paused briefly and stared into his dark eyes . 
 `` cimil ! 
 do n't do it ! '' 
 other-me barked in the background . 
 `` he broke our heart , and he 'll do it again . '' 
 i looked at him and then at her . 
 dammit . 
 she was right . 
 i swung my leg around and hopped off the bed . 
 `` no can do , big boy . '' 
 `` what is the matter ? '' 
 roberto 's voice hummed with frustration . 
 `` i know you want me . 
 your body does not lie . '' 
 `` no , it does n't . 
 but my human body does n't know any better , '' i said . 
 he now sat on the edge of the bed staring at me , and i truly wanted to return to him . 
 `` but my heart does . 
 just ask it . 
 part of it 's sitting right there with you . '' 
 his shoulders raised and then sagged as his lungs released a heavy sigh . 
 `` i feel it . 
 i feel it very well . 
 it has been my constant companion , cimil . 
 all these years , not a moment passed when i did not wish to die because of the sadness living inside me-your sadness , your loneliness . 
 and mine , i suppose . 
 i tried to forget you and what i 'd done . 
 i knew it was unforgivable despite what i 'd believed about that first year we were apart . 
 but as many women as i took and drank from , none washed away the mark you left on my heart . '' 
 his head fell . 
 `` i finally gave up trying . 
 though i feed from them , i have not been with another for a thousand years . '' 
 roberto sifted in front of me and cupped my face . 
 `` i love you , cimil . 
 i know that you love me , too . 
 your light inside me glows when we are together . 
 it does not lie . '' 
 dammit . 
 shit . 
 hell ! 
 i did feel it . 
 i wanted to give in to it , to be with him , to forgive him for everything . 
 how had he done it ? 
 he 'd accomplished the one thing i 'd never thought possible and that i 'd sworn to never do : love him again . 
 no . 
 it did n't make an ounce of sense , other than when the universe gets involved , everything you know to be true flies out the window . 
 you can not help but bow down to its will . 
 no human , vampire , or deity can resist her . 
 `` do n't , cimil . 
 just ... do n't , '' other-me pleaded . 
 `` you know this will end badly the moment he realizes what you truly are-the bringer of the apocalypse . '' 
 hell in a tie-dyed fanny sack ! 
 the entire situation felt ridiculous ! 
 i could n't win . 
 on the one hand , i was wired to unknowingly drive every situation toward catastrophe , which meant i always had to row my boat against the current . 
 that also meant i had to sometimes do bad , bad things and simply have faith that good would come from it . 
 roberto would never accept that , especially not when circumstances led me to help someone like philippe . 
 or those horrible maaskab . 
 on the other hand , i knew that loneliness would ultimately lead to our downfall . 
 if the gods did n't find love , we 'd all go crazy and destroy the planet anyway . 
 but if i chose roberto , i 'd only hurt him , betray him . 
 he was better off without me . 
 i. was . 
 evil . 
 i gazed into his eyes and then stood on the tips of my toes , planting a gentle kiss on his lips , savoring the warmth of his muscular body against mine . 
 `` i can not be with you . '' 
 `` i understand , my love . 
 you need to learn to trust me . '' 
 `` yes-wait . 
 no . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i mean , we can never be together . '' 
 he stepped back . 
 `` you are serious . 
 i-i feel it in your light . '' 
 `` i am , roberto . 
 i am serious . '' 
 he looked at me with suspicion . 
 `` but i sense something else . 
 it 's ... fear . '' 
 i walked over to the armoire and opened it up , finding several silk robes inside . 
 i shrugged one on . 
 `` just leave , roberto . 
 and do n't look back . '' 
 `` i can not do that . '' 
 i felt his hot breath on my neck . 
 why was he making this so goddamned hard ? 
 why ? 
 `` i will not . 
 you do not command me , '' he said . 
 stupid , arrogant pharaoh ! 
 that 's when i exploded . 
 `` then i will kill you . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i will rip out your heart and eat it while you watch . 
 i will dance on your sticky vampire ashes . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 the anger i felt was so dark and foreboding that it left a charred taste in my mouth . 
 but i was n't angry at him , i was angry at her . 
 the universe . 
 roberto 's eyes reflected the deep gash i 'd inflicted on his soul . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 he disappeared out the doorway , that image of me smiling back . 
 from his ... back . 
 so ironic . 
 i burst into tears . 
 uncontrollable laughter followed . 
 my life had evolved into one giant farce . 
 i could do no right . 
 i would have no love . 
 i sank on the bed . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 other-me was quick to reply , `` good question . 
 i wish i could remember how i specifically triggered the apocalypse . 
 maybe then , you could avoid doing that one particular thing . '' 
 `` does it really matter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'd find some other way to carry out the destruction of the planet . 
 if i was designed for that , then that is what i 'll do . 
 i am evil . 
 i always have been , and i always will be . '' 
 other-me shook her head . 
 `` no , cimil . 
 our actions are evil , but we are not . 
 that 's why i came back to stop you . 
 in my heart , i want what 's right . 
 it just so happens that what i think is right steers the events in the wrong direction . '' 
 it was true . 
 my heart was good . 
 i wanted to be happy . 
 i wanted roberto to be happy , which is why i had to let him ... `` oh my gods ! 
 that 's it ! '' 
 i jumped up and down and did a quick lightning finger . 
 `` in my heart , being with roberto is the wrong thing to do . 
 i will only hurt him ! 
 that means i should do the opposite . 
 i should be with him and subject him to my awful , terrible ways . '' 
 `` you truly are batshit crazy , '' roberto 's deep voice said from the doorway . 
 he now wore a new pair of black leather pants and another white shirt . 
 i ran and hurtled myself at his large body and began kissing his lips . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i am . 
 and i 'm going to do everything in my power to make you the most miserable man on the planet , hopefully for eternity . '' 
 roberto peeled me off him . 
 `` while i do not understand what has occurred in the last ten seconds to cause you to change your mind , for which i am eternally grateful , you are making no sense . '' 
 `` i 'm evil ! '' 
 roberto tipped his head . 
 `` not helping . '' 
 `` aside from being in charge of the underworld and many , many other things , i am the bringer of destruction . 
 the apocalypse . 
 i do n't mean to be , but it seems that it 's the universe 's little joke . 
 everything i do feels like the right thing , but really , it 's wrong . 
 look what happened when i tried to save you ! 
 i created vampires ! '' 
 he cocked one chocolaty brow . 
 `` and this means what ? '' 
 `` it means that i if i want to be good , i have to be bad . 
 really , really bad . 
 most of the time . 
 unless doing something bad feels good , then i do something good . '' 
 his face crinkled into a perturbed little ball . 
 `` and you came to this conclusion how ? '' 
 i pointed at other-me and explained . 
 obviously he could n't see her , but i think he believed me because he made a polite little dip with his head to greet her . 
 she wiggled her fingers back at him . 
 `` howdy . '' 
 `` if you are , in fact , correct , '' he said , `` then why do you still see this other future version of yourself ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` should she not be gone now that you 've taken appropriate actions to not do good things ? '' 
 `` excellent point . '' 
 this whole space-time continuum thing is all very confusing . 
 welcome to my kooky world ! 
 `` maybe there 's one thing left for me to do ? '' 
 i winked at him . 
 he smiled . 
 `` exactly how bad did you say you must be ? '' 
 i blinked and found myself tightly wrapped in his arms . 
 `` very , very , very bad . 
 i 'm thinking we might need to see a priest afterward and confess our sins . 
 or perhaps , spank each other as punishment for our very naughty deeds . '' 
 `` i would very , very much like that . 
 the spanking part , i mean . 
 i am not a fan of priests . 
 they always want to show me their crucifixes or moisten me with their little birdbaths . 
 most peculiar . '' 
 i stared blankly and then shrugged . 
 `` spanking it is ! '' 
 he pressed his thick , warm lips to mine and plunged his hot tongue into my mouth . 
 i felt the particles of my immortal light begin to vibrate as if rejoicing . 
 they were finally going to be reunited with the part of me that went missing so very long ago . 
 or , perhaps , that part of my light never truly belonged to me . 
 i was just holding on to it until its rightful owner showed up . 
 he slid his warm hands inside my robe and pulled it down off my shoulders , letting gravity do the rest . 
 not once in my entire existence had i felt uncomfortable being nude . 
 the gods know i spent half of my life wearing nothing but a fig leaf . 
 on my head . 
 but standing before roberto now , i felt na ** d for the first time . 
 there were no walls of deceit to hide behind , no ulterior motives , no political agendas . 
 there was simply us . 
 as his mouth worked over mine at a sensual , expert pace , he gently cupped my br ** sts , caressing the soft curves with his palms and stroking my hard ni ** les with his thumbs . 
 he deepened the kiss , and his hands floated down to the curves of my waist . 
 he pulled me into him with such force that the air whooshed from my lungs . 
 `` sorry , my love , '' he panted . 
 `` but i ca n't be gentle . 
 i can not be slow . 
 i have waited far too long to be inside you . '' 
 suddenly , i was back on the bed ; roberto stood before me and began stripping away his shirt . 
 `` what ? 
 you 're not going to just tear them off again ? '' 
 `` my last shirt and pair of pants . 
 and now that i am penniless , i will have to make them last . '' 
 his dark , exotic eyes twinkled . 
 he was joking . 
 if there was one thing vampires were good at , it was making money . 
 he 'd be back to his old , disgustingly wealthy self in no time . 
 he threw his shirt to the floor and shed his pants , standing before me tall , glorious , and sexy as he 'd ever been . 
 thousands of years had not dulled his raw , male magnificence or my fascination with every hard inch of his body , especially his thick , long shaft . 
 -lrb- yes , this time , i 'm talking about his penis . -rrb- 
 but what had changed were his eyes . 
 once they shimmered with a hunger for dominance and power , but now they glowed with something that radiated from deep within . 
 a confidence , perhaps , that he always knew we were meant to be . 
 maybe it came from the satisfaction of feeling that we 'd finally overcome our obstacles . 
 or perhaps it was the wisdom one only achieved through a lifetime of trial and error . 
 i was sorry i 'd missed that journey with him , because whatever he 'd gone through had made him sexier than ever , a real man who 'd replaced that enormous ego with something much more powerful . 
 love . 
 `` you truly are a goddess , cimil . '' 
 he beamed down at my body . 
 and i am all yours . 
 i opened my legs for him in a silent , blatant invitation . 
 he did n't need any more encouragement than that . 
 his eyes flickered to black orbs , a sign that he was overcome with lust . 
 before i blinked , his h * ps were thrusting into me , his hard c ** k stroking my body into a tight , hot frenzy of delicious wave after wave of pleasure . 
 his eyes drilled into me , a steady rock among the whirlwind of euphoric sensations overpowering my body . 
 `` you feel so much better than i imagined . 
 so hot and slick . 
 but i need more . '' 
 he placed his lips over the pulse on my neck and bit down hard . 
 i gasped at first , thinking that he was insane , that my light would cook him from the inside out . 
 but as he vigorously sucked with his mouth and pumped with his cock , my human body was the only thing cooking . 
 it felt as though he 'd transformed my entire body into one enormous center of pleasure aching to be stroked by his powerful , hard body . 
 `` oh , gods ! 
 oh , gods ! '' 
 i could n't stop what was coming . 
 feeling our pulses beat in synchronization to that erotic sucking and sinful thrusting , seeing his beautiful body-each muscle chiseled to perfection and covered with a sheen of sweat-his na ** d body flexing and straining to drive his thick shaft deeper and deeper , i could n't hold back . 
 a violent orgasm ripped through my body . 
 roberto pushed forward one final time , releasing another avalanche of pleasure . 
 he groaned like a savage beast as he poured himself into me . 
 panting like he 'd just sifted halfway across the world and back again , he collapsed on top of me , nestling his face in the crook of my neck . 
 my mind spun in dizzying circles . 
 `` gods , cimil , you taste delicious . 
 like nothing i 've ever had . 
 rich and smoky and sweet . '' 
 i smiled . 
 maybe my darkness tasted like chocolate . 
 we turned our faces toward one another and gazed into each other 's eyes . 
 there it was again . 
 the beginning , the end , light , darkness , happiness , destruction , the entire fate of the world balancing on the tip of a needle . 
 he and i together . 
 him doing good . 
 me doing bad , ergo , good . 
 `` holy shit , '' i said , `` we 're the weights , balancing the scale . 
 yin and yang . '' 
 he shrugged his brows suggestively . 
 `` my yin is wanting more of your yang . '' 
 i pulled my head back , wincing . 
 roberto 's dark eyes narrowed . 
 `` what now ? 
 please do n't tell me you have to go burn down a church or poke someone in the eye . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i have that scheduled for seven a.m. tomorrow . 
 but we need to talk - '' he kissed me hard and thrust himself into me . 
 i gasped from the raw pleasure of his invasion . 
 `` there will be time for talking later . '' 
 he thrust again and this time i saw stars . 
 * * * five days later roberto and i made love twenty times in every room of the estate . 
 i was extremely happy that my immortal body did not require sustenance and that his body thought of my blood as a giant energy bar . 
 we banged our way through the night , rested during the day , and took long hot baths in between . 
 on that sixth evening , he stretched his long , hard , na ** d body across the bed and yawned as the sun retreated . 
 i had been anxiously waiting for him to wake so that i could tell him a few minor details i 'd realized over the past few days . 
 `` hi , sweetie , '' i said and kissed his full lips . 
 `` ummm . 
 good evening , my goddess . '' 
 he rolled on top of me and instantly began to feed from my neck , groaning and , well , growing . 
 `` eh-hem , '' i said . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 he grunted like a wild beast and started working his way between my thighs . 
 hold those legs together , goddess . 
 do not give in . 
 but he was much too strong and popped them open like a ripe tangerine . 
 dammit . 
 i would have to start working out my thighs . 
 if only they had some sort of device for that ? 
 if i ever found one , i 'd buy two . 
 for every room of the house . 
 plus a few dozen backups . 
 because once roberto got into position , i was completely useless . 
 i felt his moist head slide between my folds and tensed . 
 the sucking and pumping , the kissing and stroking , panting and groaning would start and would n't stop until the sun once again set . 
 i 'd be lost to him . 
 so very , very lost . 
 come on , cimil . 
 connect that brain of yours to those lips . 
 `` roberto , honey , '' i panted . 
 resist orgasm , resist orgasm , resist . 
 `` there 's something i should tell you . '' 
 he groaned , but did not release the powerful suction of his lips or slow the rhythm of his demanding body . 
 `` listen , narmer-roberto . 
 i know that this does n't seem important , but other-me has n't left yet . 
 and , well , i think you should know that i do n't think she ever will . '' 
 it was true . 
 i 'd seen her several times over the past few days . 
 each time , her clothing changed . 
 more modern , more flashy . 
 i came to the conclusion that she 'd never leave . 
 whatever chain of events i 'd triggered , my actions from here on out would only delay the end . 
 `` i am confused by that statement , but make it fast . '' 
 he panted into my neck . 
 `` well , you were right about me helping the maaskab and your brother philippe . 
 and i will not be able to stop . 
 i know how you feel about them . '' 
 he released a short breath and froze midpump . 
 `` i have vowed to wipe them both off the face of the earth . 
 however , simply because you can not do good , intentionally of course , does n't mean that i can not . 
 i am not the bringer of death . '' 
 `` so you wo n't mind ? '' 
 `` mind what ? '' 
 `` mind being stuck with me , even though i will be forced to sabotage everything you do ? '' 
 he smiled with affection and appreciation . 
 `` no , my love . 
 i will not mind . 
 as long as i have you . '' 
 he covered my mouth with his and began that sensual rhythm , working his tongue , cock , hands , and body in one carefully coordinated dance to coax every ounce of pleasure from my mortal-like body . 
 i sighed with relief and relaxed into the sensual treat i knew my body craved . 
 `` just as long as you agree to marry me and have my children , '' he added in his low gravelly voice . 
 what ? 
 is he insane ? 
 no . 
 no way . 
 i could n't do that . 
 marriage was ... was so permanent , and i was so young . 
 a mere goddess of seventy . 
 thousand . 
 give or take a few centuries . 
 and children ? 
 omg . 
 why in the world would i agree to that ? 
 `` no . '' 
 i pushed , and he landed on his back next to me . 
 he immediately sat up and glared down at me . 
 `` why the hell not ? '' 
 `` i would make a horrible mother . 
 can you imagine ? 
 i 'd constantly have to do the opposite . 
 sure , baby , touch that fire ! 
 you want to play with that sharp knife ? 
 okeydokey . '' 
 `` cimil , do n't be silly . 
 i do not believe for one moment that the universe would want you to put an innocent child in jeopardy . '' 
 i snapped a judgmental look his way . 
 `` really ? 
 but she 'd be okay with ending the world ? 
 babies and puppies included ? '' 
 he stared ahead , clearly pondering the question . 
 `` perhaps you have a point ; the universe can be quite cruel , but we would find a way to make it work . '' 
 knowing he wanted this so badly , i could n't bear to look at him . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . 
 it 's not right . '' 
 he lay next to me and tilted my face toward him . 
 `` then , according to your rules , it is exactly what you should do , my love . 
 you should have a life . 
 a full life . 
 with me . '' 
 i stood and shrugged on my robe . 
 `` i ca n't do it , roberto . 
 as much as i love you , i ca n't . '' 
 he was silent for several moments . 
 `` you are afraid . 
 i feel it . '' 
 yes . 
 yes , i was . 
 `` that 's what i was trying to tell you . 
 i have finally put all the pieces together . 
 you , me , my visions ... other-me . 
 avoiding the apocalypse will never stop . 
 we will forever be on the cusp , trying to prevent the tables from turning . 
 one slip up '' - i snapped my fingers - `` and it all ends . 
 we will never know peace . '' 
 `` then i will find a way to stack the cards squarely in our favor . '' 
 he sifted from the bed and cradled my face in his large hands . 
 `` i will fix everything . 
 now , come back to bed , cimil . '' 
 always so confident , so arrogant . 
 did he really believe he could outsmart the universe ? 
 `` we 'll never win , '' i grumbled . 
 `` i am a vampire . 
 i always win . 
 please ? '' 
 he asked with a deep , suggestive tone . 
 my eyes shifted toward the soft sheets , wrinkled from excessive bed play . 
 `` come now , '' he said sweetly . 
 `` we can worry about children and saving the world later . '' 
 `` i am not having childr - '' he sifted me to the bed and left my robe in a shredded pile on the floor . 
 sneaky pharaoh . 
 `` okay , but can we play tut-slut ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i prefer bury the sarcophagus . '' 
 `` excellent choice , my pharaoh . '' 
 epilogue fast-forward three hundred years past a bunch of really fun and exciting stuff to new year 's eve , 2012 near sedona , arizona , the estate of kinich ahau , ex-god of the sun -lrb- hint : this is right after a certain sun god finds his surrogate . 
 and right before a certain goddess of suicide finds her yummy spaniard . -rrb- 
 `` that was a dirty , dirty trick , '' i said to roberto as he stuffed me into the back of the waiting town car outside my brother 's estate . 
 he climbed in next to me . 
 `` was it now ? '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` ah , but now , you 've finally sworn to marry me and have children . '' 
 i had to admit , i was proud of my devious pharaoh . 
 he knew how to play dirty . 
 yes , it had taken him three centuries , but he 'd managed to outsmart me and back me into an impossible corner . 
 i made the vow in order to save my brother . 
 `` you almost killed kinich , '' i protested . 
 his face gleamed with pride . 
 `` your brother has always wanted to become a vampire . 
 he will be fine . 
 i left more than enough blood inside him and now he has mine-the blood of the strongest , oldest vampire ever to live . '' 
 `` and the sexiest . 
 and most handsome , '' i admitted begrudgingly . 
 `` true . 
 so true . 
 and the sexiest , most handsome vampire in the world can not wait to bed you . 
 i 've missed you these past months . '' 
 he grabbed my hand and began kissing his way up my arm . 
 `` roberto . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` we ca n't do this now . 
 everything is a mess . '' 
 he grinned with that arrogance i 'd grown to love and fear . 
 `` you always say that , but everything always works out in the end . '' 
 i scratched my head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's different this time . '' 
 `` you always say that , too . '' 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` drive on , '' he instructed the chauffeur . 
 oh , but this time , i really , really meant it . 
 something had gone very wrong . 
 i 'd taken a wrong step , done something i was n't supposed to . 
 i did n't know what , though . 
 `` i want to marry you , '' he said . 
 `` i want a child . 
 you said it might be possible with help from your sister akna . '' 
 `` yes , but - '' `` cimil , you 've had me chasing after you for three centuries , and now playtime is over . '' 
 `` maybe it is , '' i said coldly . 
 `` do not think to back out , '' he said . 
 `` a deal is a deal . '' 
 `` i am not backing out . 
 it 's ... '' sadly , the news was bitter-bitter and the reason i 'd been avoiding him for months . 
 `` tell him , cimil . 
 tell him ! '' 
 other-me griped . 
 `` what is it , my dove ? 
 are you angry because i 've trumped you again ? 
 i know my winning can become tiresome , but just as you are predisposed for destruction , i am predisposed for victory . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you idiot ! '' 
 i barked . 
 `` what then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` tell him ! '' 
 other-me barked . 
 `` i will . 
 just shut your clown hole ! '' 
 i screamed toward the front seat . 
 roberto 's strong hand latched onto mine . 
 `` cimil ? '' 
 shit . 
 shit . 
 camel shit . 
 `` i had another vision . 
 in less than eight months , the gods still turn on humanity . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my love . 
 but we 've failed . 
 somehow i 've managed to bring destruction to the world anyway . '' 
 `` but i thought you were making very nice progress with finding their mates . 
 kinich , chaam , votan , and , soon , ixtab . '' 
 `` i did n't move fast enough . 
 that still leaves nine . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i bobbed my head . 
 roberto gazed straight ahead at the dark road . 
 i could see from the way his jaw pulsed that some very serious plotting was happening . 
 `` never fear , my dear goddess . '' 
 he stroked the back of my head . 
 `` i will figure something out . 
 i will save us . '' 
 `` why are you always so sure of yourself ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i managed to finally rid the planet of philippe and the obscuros while making a very deep dent in the maaskab population . 
 why should i not be confident in my skills of undoing your treachery ? '' 
 good point . 
 he had done a magnificent job of playing his cards . 
 he 'd known that i had encouraged the maaskab and the obscuros to join forces recently-a truly evil union . 
 once the maaskab had `` vampirized '' most of their population , roberto hunted down philippe . 
 the moment his brother died , his bloodline went with him , including most of the o'scabbies -lrb- aka the obscuro maaskab -rrb- . 
 i bobbed my head . 
 `` it 's not you that i 'm worried about . 
 it 's the universe . '' 
 everything i 'd done-bad-good , good-bad-had been pointless . 
 she still wanted blood . 
 `` she is no match for me , '' he declared boldly . 
 `` how sure are you exactly ? '' 
 he bowed his head . 
 `` very . 
 otherwise , i would not say such a thing . 
 i do not believe in fluffery . '' 
 `` i want to believe you . 
 i do . 
 but this feels so much bigger than the two of us . 
 like that elephant with three heads we once saw at the circus . '' 
 i sighed . 
 that elephant was so magical . 
 reminded me of minky , minus a head . 
 `` but your words ca n't change destiny . '' 
 he looked toward the dark road , thinking for a moment . 
 `` very well . 
 then i shall use no words until i have delivered my promise . 
 i shall not speak again until this is over . '' 
 wow . 
 he really was committed . 
 because a man keeping his mouth shut was like a fish not swimming . 
 or a sea turtle not reciting illicit , kinky poems about sparkly things . 
 -lrb- do n't ask . -rrb- 
 `` you would really do that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i love you . 
 and love is stronger than the universe , than destiny , than anything , '' he whispered . 
 gods , i hoped he was right . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 can we hit some garage sales in the morning ? 
 i need a little pick-me-up . '' 
 `` but of course , '' he said . 
 `` after i take minky for her morning ride . '' 
