 prologue there is a shift in your mental state when death comes to knock you off balance-you become the odd pendulum , swinging too quickly-the clock on the wall with hands spinning out of control-the haunted door opening and shutting at an alarming pace for no one in particular . 
 it is a dimension within a dimension , of sight and sound , with no eyes and no ears . 
 you are the world 's . 
 they can see you , touch you , feel you . 
 you are so real in their fantasy it is almost unfair . 
 but there is balance . 
 after all , this is an orderly universe , created by an orderly god , who gives consideration to his every form of entropy . 
 for so long , i thought i was lost , meandering , a still life on some incomprehensible canvas , swimming in the torrential river of someone else 's dream . 
 shattered , i watched as he put together the pieces , dislodged the bone of grief that dammed up the words i was choking on . 
 the consolation came right on time but not before i walked through the valley of the shadow of death . 
 1 paragon island laken time travel . 
 i 've never put much thought into the subject with the exception of recently . 
 for so long it was relegated to some dusty science fiction slot in my mind that i had no real use of . 
 it was nothing more than fantasy . 
 that is until my life took a turn for the supernatural , and i discovered i was resurrected from the dead by a band of crooked angels known as the countenance . 
 and now fantasy and reality merged . 
 time travel , of all things , was not only possible-probable-it was doable , and here i was about to do it . 
 cooper wraps his muscular arms around my waist inviting me to mold over his rock hard body . 
 i had imagined doing a lot of things with cooper flanders , but an interdimensional jaunt was n't one of them . 
 coop holds me tight as we sail through time , two years into the future . 
 a dark cloud boils around us , locking us in a tempest as every age and era groans and shifts under our weight . 
 an ashen forest materializes around us . 
 tall spearing evergreens , black as midnight , the purple sky glows through their branches as the fog wafts in and out like a dream . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 coop pants it out . 
 a smile flickers on his lips like a flame . 
 coop is handsome in a disarming way with his dark , golden hair , his high cut features , eyes that glow like a pale , grey sunrise . 
 `` welcome to paragon , laken . '' 
 the sound of laughter rises through the air , buoyant and light . 
 some moody love song bleeds from the south , and we head in that direction . 
 `` did we nail it ? 
 halloween two years in the future ? '' 
 the words string from my mouth in a white plume as the fog expands around us . 
 the woods disappear and reappear under the supervision of the murky veil . 
 `` let 's hope . '' 
 coop wraps his arm around my waist . 
 i 'm still in my cheer uniform , dressed to unimpress as a cheer-zombie , and coop is my favorite football player . 
 wes used to be my favorite football player , once upon a time , but , as it stands , he plays water polo and does n't believe in our past lives at cider plains high . 
 he would probably gag on his hermes scarf if i told him he was once proud to be called a hedgehog . 
 he was the star player both on the field and in my heart , and now i 'm not sure where he stands in either . 
 i take up coop 's hand . 
 he can hear me if we touch . 
 i 've been suckling off his neck , drinking his magical celestra blood , and now i have that power , too . 
 but my bloodlines belong to the countenance-the exact bastards i 'd like to throw in a heap and bathe with gasoline before i gladly torch the entire lot of them . 
 well , maybe not the entire lot , just their ridiculous leaders . 
 `` look . '' 
 coop pulls me back into the shadow of a pine and points over to a sea of bodies dancing and laughing within the well-manicured yard of some ritzy estate . 
 `` skyla is in there somewhere . 
 we just need to find her . '' 
 i met skyla in the celestra tunnels tonight for the very first time . 
 technically , it was n't the first time . 
 she told me she tried to save my life in the transfer , whatever that means . 
 i 'm assuming that 's where i ended up after i launched through the windshield and met my orchestrated demise , only to eventually wind up at ephemeral . 
 they tried to make me believe i was a resident of the haunted academy all along , but i 've never bought their lies . 
 i believed skyla , though . 
 she knew my real name-laken stewart-and my knees turned to water just hearing her say it . 
 up until now only coop believed me . 
 the counts gave me a new name-laken anderson . 
 i have never been laken anderson , nor will i ever be . 
 the truth and all of its mysteries have become an exotic elixir , and skyla messenger seems to be hoarding it in barrels . 
 both coop and i are here from another time and place just begging for one more sip . 
 if we 're lucky she 'll quench our thirst . 
 i 'm so incredibly parched for her knowledge that it feels irresponsible to be this calm knowing she 's in that crowd . 
 a part of me wants to run over and shake every person until they lead me right to her . 
 we step out of the woods and into the pale night as a few stray people meander around us . 
 mostly couples looking for some privacy in their ghoulish getups . 
 up ahead a white gleaming mansion sits perched against the backdrop of the lavender sky like a mountain that dropped out of the blue . 
 it looks grecian , fairytale-like , and most certainly out of place for almost any reality . 
 `` i bet there 's a count attached to that real estate blunder , '' i whisper . 
 `` what 's with them and money , anyway ? '' 
 `` the counts are greedy as hell . '' 
 coop digs a smile into his cheek . 
 his lids lower as if he 's flirting with me , and the moon outlines the definition of his biceps with a laser-like glow . 
 `` no offense . 
 i do n't really count you in their number . '' 
 `` none taken . '' 
 i wrap my arms around him and pull his hips close to mine until his jeans dig into my skirt . 
 `` i meant what i said back at the hotel room-about already being yours . '' 
 i glance down at his body and press in closer until i can feel his steely chest against mine . 
 `` i guess i was thinking it , but some things need to be verbalized , the right way . '' 
 i lock onto his stone-grey eyes and do n't let go . 
 `` coop '' - my heart starts drumming against him as if it were putting his body on notice - `` what i 'm feeling between us is far more than friendship . 
 i know we 're past that little revelation , but i wanted to say it again . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 coop presses out a dull smile and shakes his head . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything else . '' 
 `` yes-i do . '' 
 grief the size of a boulder lodges in my throat , making it impossible to push out another word-the exact words i 've been dying to say all night . 
 i reach up and cup the side of his gorgeous face . 
 his strong jaw twitches in my palm . 
 `` i 'm in love with you , coop . '' 
 a lone tear runs down my cheek because i may as well have denounced my love for wesley at the same time . 
 i think i did . 
 `` i 'm not going to hide it anymore when we get back to ephemeral . 
 this is it-you and me . 
 i hope you feel the same because i 've never been so far gone in love , so appreciative of being treated the way you 've treated me . 
 i think you 're beautiful both inside and out , and i do n't want to live a single day without you by my side . '' 
 the fog lifts , and the moon shines its glory over cooper 's hotter-than-hell eminence as if the universe were revealing who he truly was all this time-my earthly savior , my one true love , my destiny . 
 `` laken , '' - the corners of his lips curl , his chest expands with a never-ending breath - `` i have been in love with you from the moment i saw you . 
 i thought you were too good to be true with your beauty , your kind , gentle heart . '' 
 he touches his forehead to mine a moment before pulling back . 
 `` and when i thought i would never have you , a part of me died . 
 i knew i 'd spend the rest of my life pining after laken stewart whether i liked it or not . '' 
 he gives my ribs a quick tickle . 
 `` and deep down i knew i 'd like it no matter who you decided to give your heart to . '' 
 his features grow serious as the smile glides off his face . 
 `` i 'm honored that you would want this with me . '' 
 his eyes glint like fractured stars . 
 `` i 'd be lying if i did n't say that i 'm damn glad . 
 but i also know we need to tell wes about the body in the cider plains cemetery . '' 
 my body and soul sag at the mention of wesley 's name . 
 he 's become a lead straightjacket that holds me down to a past that wes himself does n't believe in . 
 `` you mean the fake body . '' 
 coop and i dug up wesley parker 's grave and found nothing more than a wax replica . 
 the picture i tucked into his suit pocket just before they closed the casket was right where i left it . 
 but i know for a fact the boy i kissed , his cheek cold and hard as marble , was my wes . 
 and my heart still aches for that boy . 
 `` it 's important wes knows . '' 
 coop brushes his thumb over my cheek . 
 `` things are going to get sticky , laken . '' 
 i press my lips tight and nod like a child . 
 cooper is right . 
 if wes is told the truth , there 's a chance he might remember . 
 what would i do then ? 
 it would be a tragedy to wrap my heart around two different boys . 
 but in a strange way , it 's already happened , and i do n't know how to let go of either one of them . 
 the fact that wesley fully belongs to the counts is both a blessing and a curse . 
 i can never be with wes as long as he pledges his allegiance to a bunch of celestial ass ** les . 
 `` a blessing and a curse . '' 
 coop gives my hand a squeeze because he heard every word . 
 a sad smile pours from him . 
 `` i agree that 's what our love is weighted on . 
 laken '' - he presses my name out soft as a snowflake - `` i 'm not going to blame you for anything that happens once wes learns the truth-just know that forever you will hold my heart . '' 
 my chest lurches as i resist the urge to bawl . 
 coop is noble and far too generous as far as my affections go . 
 i 'd like to thank him , repay him somehow , but what do you give someone who 's opened their heart to you ? 
 dinner ? 
 a movie ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 instead , i hike up on my tiptoes and crash my lips to his , hard and desperate . 
 cooper greets me with hungry , exquisite , very-much-wanted kisses . 
 i had n't made a habit of kissing coop . 
 i explicitly told him i did n't want to be the girl that ran around kissing two boys . 
 but i hope this sends the message , with actions far more than words could ever do , that cooper flanders is the only boy that my tongue wants to explore . 
 old wes may hold a piece of my heart , but my future lies with cooper flanders-every molecule in my body vibrates in agreement . 
 this is real . 
 this is right . 
 our future is paved with an unstoppable love , our foundation built on trust and friendship-passion hotter than a funeral pyre . 
 what coop and i share is god-breathed . 
 destiny rewrote our paths in life so we could collide in that forest last summer . 
 it was never for wes and i to find our way back . 
 it was for coop and i to find our way to each other . 
 intrinsically i know this much is true . 
 cooper and i were meant to be . 
 we were already happening . 
 cooper the paragon fog presses in around us like a membrane , encapsulating this moment as laken and i share our love through a long , beautiful kiss that can safely be described in one word-flawless . 
 laken stewart . 
 my body sings over hers as our arms and tongues struggle to get enough of one another . 
 in truth , i could never get enough of laken-not sure i would want to or if it 's even possible . 
 i do n't ever want to find out . 
 i just want laken . 
 i want her to consume me like this with her tongue buried in my mouth . 
 my body is dying to bury far more intimate parts into hers and make her wholly mine in the best way possible . 
 i ca n't bear the thought of that not happening-of us not happening . 
 laken is an entire ocean that i jumped into the first moment i looked into her pale , blue eyes . 
 i was all in before she said one word . 
 laken pulls back , her eyes moistened with tears . 
 `` an ocean ? 
 you are so incredible . 
 you know that ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` you have the most amazing way with words . '' 
 in all honesty , i was n't even mildly aware of the fact she might be listening . 
 i 'm too far gone to care at this point . 
 `` it 's the truth , '' i whisper . 
 `` every last word . '' 
 laken giggles into me , her tears all but gone . 
 `` i like us . '' 
 she leans up and takes a gentle bite out of my bottom lip . 
 `` nothing makes me happier than the thought of you and me . '' 
 she pinches her lips together as if it were too much to bear . 
 `` there 's not one ounce of sadness that enters my heart when i think of you . '' 
 i know there is with wes , and the fact that i 'm the anti-wes is more than a little flattering . 
 `` i want you for you , coop . 
 there 's no other reason . 
 you have to believe me . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 i sink another kiss over her lips as our tongues find one another again . 
 my stomach drops as if we were on some gigantic roller coaster , and it feels damn good . 
 it feels damn good to have laken lounging around in my mouth like she wants to be here-and the fact she does makes my chest pound because i won a race i did n't even know i was qualified to run in-the one for her heart . 
 laken trails kisses all the way to my cheek . 
 `` you did win the race for my heart , '' she whispers directly into my ear . 
 `` and as soon as we get back to that hotel room , i plan on wrapping myself around you like a medal . '' 
 my eyes fix on hers . 
 my arms wrap tight around her body to keep myself from quaking at the thought of having her that way . 
 `` we do n't have to hurry , '' i assure her so fast i almost buy the lie . 
 she shakes her head just barely . 
 `` i want to . 
 you 're the only person i ever want to be with . 
 you-your body-you 're my family , my home . '' 
 `` home , '' i repeat the word lower than a whisper as i pull her in . 
 `` you 're my home , too . 
 and i 've never felt more like family with anyone . '' 
 i give a wry smile . 
 `` you might want to keep that tidbit from marky . '' 
 laken bubbles with a laugh at the mention of my little sister . 
 `` she loves you as much as i do , '' i say . 
 it 's true . 
 marky has already put laken in the big sister role . 
 `` and i love marky . '' 
 she bites down on her lip seductively . 
 `` we 're going to have our whole lives together . 
 i can see every season , every holiday with you by my side . 
 i do n't want to waste a minute , coop . '' 
 `` i promise you , not a minute will be wasted . '' 
 i press my lips against hers and linger in the heated exchange . 
 this feels holy and right and not in the least as if we were sneaking around behind someone 's back . 
 there 's no way this is wrong . 
 there 's no way this is some accident . 
 this is home . 
 a group of girls cackle their way in this direction in various stages of halloween undress . 
 `` this is it , '' i whisper , walking laken over to their midst . 
 three of the girls are in short skirts , body parts hanging out for all to see , and way too much makeup . 
 the tall brunette is dressed as an overgrown mermaid and looks uninterested as the other girls chatter away about how much they ca n't stand a person named chloe . 
 `` but we need to stay strong-together . '' 
 the one with dark curly hair pouts . 
 `` they do n't call us the bitch squad for nothing . 
 we 're a team , '' she spits it out tough as nails . 
 `` get over it , lex . 
 she 's a bitch . 
 you 're a bitch . 
 we 're all a bunch of bitches . '' 
 laken shoots me a look as if this small group of mean girls intrinsically offends her . 
 something tells me the `` bitch squad '' offends a lot of people . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 laken calls to them in a friendly voice , and the girls slit their angry stares in our direction . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 the shorter girl growls , her teeth glint like fangs . 
 `` we 're looking for a girl-skyla messenger . '' 
 laken takes them in as they each make an equally disgusted face . 
 looks like skyla fell out of favor with the bitch squad . 
 `` can you guys point me in the right direction ? '' 
 `` she 's back there somewhere . '' 
 the drill sergeant with dark curly hair barks it out . 
 the shorter girl , with the precision cut , sticks her foot out defiant . 
 `` she 's busy with her boy toys . '' 
 she eyes me up and down while crossing her arms . 
 `` you 'd better watch your boyfriend . 
 he 's cute-has a sweet face-exactly skyla 's type . 
 and that bitch always gets what and who she wants . '' 
 the three of them take off , leaving the mermaid to straggle behind . 
 `` hi . '' 
 she comes across shy and sweet , and it 's hard to believe she belongs to the bitch squad . 
 `` i 'm giselle-i mean emerson . '' 
 her face lights up with embarrassment even under this defused light . 
 `` giselle is just some stupid nickname . '' 
 she looks down at her waist a moment as if it were n't that stupid , but she does n't want to go there . 
 `` anyway , skyla is somewhere near the dance floor . 
 you 're not going to be mean to her or anything , are you ? '' 
 there 's an innocence about her that reminds me a lot of hattie , as if she , too , were somehow displaced from another time and thrust into modern society . 
 `` no , '' laken is quick to assure her . 
 `` we like skyla . 
 we just want to ask her a few questions . '' 
 laken squeezes my hand . 
 why do n't you go look for her ? 
 i 'll talk to giselle . 
 i have a feeling she has more to hide than her name . 
 something is definitely up . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 i press a kiss just shy of her ear . 
 `` i 'll scope out the crowd and be right back . '' 
 `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 i leave laken alone with the mermaid as i make tracks across the expansive lawn . 
 i stop shy of an overgrown fountain with roses encircling it like a wreath . 
 this place screams pretentious to the hilt . 
 there 's no doubt in my mind that a wicked being is behind this just as laken suspected . 
 i glance around at the crowd of demonic costumes , girls exposing far more of their bodies than they ever would on a normal night and guys lining up to drool in droves . 
 over on the patio of the gargantuan estate is a slightly older crowd than the one on the dance floor . 
 i spot a woman with wild hair , dressed like a cavewoman with a baby papoosed to her back , and next to her an all-too-familiar figure . 
 my blood runs cold . 
 my body seizes . 
 this is no wicked counts ' estate . 
 this very much belongs to a fem , and the fem in question is demetri fucking edinger . 
 he cuts a look my way , and a black smile curls on his lips . 
 do what you must , flanders . 
 destiny is calling . 
 he wraps his arm around the cavewoman and leads her back to the entry until the mansion swallows them up . 
 i head onto the dance floor , weaving in and out of the bodies that congest the area . 
 i spot logan , skyla 's elysian , off to the side as he glares into the crowd and follow his gaze until-bingo . 
 he 's stalking her like prey-like i would if wesley were dancing with laken . 
 and , holy shit-wesley is dancing with ... skyla ? 
 i thread my way over , never taking my eyes off her until i come up behind them . 
 `` we are still technically dating , '' he says to skyla , and my stomach bottoms out . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` never for a minute do i feel like we broke up . '' 
 she glances down , and now i feel like i 'm about to interrupt some private moment , but this is wes , and i 'm still confused as to what he 's doing here . 
 `` skyla , '' he whispers over her cheek , and it 's about all the bullshit i can handle for one night . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 i tap onto his shoulder ready and willing to clock him if i have to . 
 i 'm over coddling , wesley paxton , parker , whoever the hell he feels like being tonight . 
 skyla looks at me from around his shoulder , and her face lights up . 
 `` coop ! '' 
 she leaps into my arms , and wes shakes his head unimpressed at the sight of me , then his features soften , and something about his eyes gives away the fact he 's not wesley at all . 
 this is some lookalike , a dead ringer on the other side of the country with a kinder , softer spirit . 
 `` what 's going on , man ? '' 
 he offers up a quick knuckle bump , so i meet him halfway . 
 `` just came by to say hi to skyla . 
 you mind ? '' 
 my heart thumps hard several times like some warning that it 's about to peter out . 
 this guy is n't wes , and now i really want to know what the hell is going on . 
 he nods over to skyla as the music shifts to yet another slow song . 
 `` i 'm okay with it , '' she says , and he gives a depleted smile . 
 `` i 'll see you in a minute . '' 
 he bears into her . 
 you can cut the affection he has for her with a knife . 
 i recognize that pained look of tortured love in his eyes . 
 it 's the same one i hold for laken . 
 `` i would love to dance with you , coop . '' 
 skyla takes up my hand , and we begin to move cautiously . 
 i pull him in , and we begin to sway to the music with a nice , platonic clearance between our bodies unlike gage who practically dry humped me a second ago-not that i was opposed to the idea . 
 `` um '' - i rattle her hand with mine - `` sorry , but this thing is on . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 crap . 
 cooper has celestra blood , so , of course , he can hear me . 
 `` you clean up nice , you know that ? '' 
 she pulls back and runs her eyes over me . 
 her mouth contorts a little surprised at the amount of kansas soil i seem to be sporting . 
 `` yeah , well '' - i glance down - `` i sort of went on a grave-robbing expedition , you 'll have to excuse me . 
 but you look very nice , yourself . '' 
 `` grave robbing , huh ? 
 well , you chose the right night . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure it 's ever a good night for that . '' 
 i rein in my thoughts in a meager effort to maintain some privacy and shoot a glance in the distance for the wes lookalike or laken . 
 right about now they both have me concerned . 
 `` did you heal okay ? '' 
 she cuts a quick glance to my neck before rolling her eyes . 
 `` of course , you healed , you 're a celestra . 
 we always heal . 
 so who do you think won the war ? 
 i mean my mother 's - '' `` what war ? '' 
 my heart lurches in my chest , and if this keeps up i 'm going to have a full cardiac episode . 
 `` what war ? '' 
 dear god , he 's got more in common with logan than i thought . 
 `` coop , what 's going on ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` all right , here we go . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` skyla , i just met you in the tenebrous woods . 
 i 'm time traveling from two years ago in the past . '' 
 just the thought of a war makes me sick . 
 i already feel like i 'm in one with wes . 
 `` is the country going to war ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i had no idea the coop asking me to dance was such a blank slate . 
 `` it 's a faction war . '' 
 she shakes her head , emphatic . 
 `` and i guess the reason you do n't remember me is because we have n't technically crossed paths yet . 
 i do n't know if i should get into it . 
 just know you kicked some ass-and your friend , flynn , was okay for a while , too . '' 
 flynn ? 
 i guess he outlives his spectator state . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'd call flynn a friend . '' 
 `` you did , so i guess things must improve . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she cuts a quick glance around as if suddenly on alert . 
 `` what brings you to paragon ? '' 
 `` primarily , you . 
 laken and i want answers . 
 you seemed to know us . 
 laken said you tried to save her . 
 can you tell us anything else about that ? 
 do you know how she got into the transfer ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just what i told her . 
 i was being held against my will and forced to work with ezrina . 
 marshall-the sector that was with me , he let me know i was in another time . 
 nothing made sense . 
 but i saw laken , and something in me wanted to save her . 
 it was my job to load her into the tank , and before i did , i tried to give her cpr . 
 stupid , right ? 
 i mean she had already been dead for who knows how long , and there i was trying to play the part of some celestra superhero . '' 
 laken remembers ... `` maybe that 's why . '' 
 `` maybe that 's why , what ? '' 
 `` laken has her memory . 
 they were unable to wipe it out completely . 
 she remembers everything . 
 i have a feeling it 's because of you . 
 i do n't think what you did was stupid , skyla . 
 i think you saved her . '' 
 my mind reels a million miles an hour . 
 that day laken and skyla collided in the transfer was the luckiest day of laken 's life-or afterlife-and for sure the luckiest day of mine because if skyla had n't inadvertently preserved laken 's memory , she would n't be trying to solve any mysteries with me , she 'd be happily off with wes tonight doing god knows what just like the counts had planned . 
 speaking of wes - a blood curdling scream riots over the crowd , and every hair on my body stands on end . 
 my body locks up . 
 my heart stops as if that was the final straw . 
 `` that 's laken . '' 
 i ditch through the crowd before i ever get a chance to ask skyla who the hell that wes lookalike was . 
 i 'm far more interested in protecting laken than i am in digging around in wesley 's twisted family ties . 
 but that guy looked far too close a second to ever be a remote relative . 
 it was eerie in every way just to look at him . 
 `` coop , wait ! '' 
 skyla calls out in the distance , but my feet do n't stop moving until i come up on laken standing alone at the edge of the woods . 
 i pull her into a kiss without hesitating because for the very first time i can say she 's mine , and my heart wants to forget about paragon and why we 're here and simply bask in the glory of us . 
 `` he was here . '' 
 she pants , her face rife with worry . 
 `` who was here ? '' 
 `` this guy . 
 he came to talk to that giselle-emerson person , and he was wearing wesley 's face . '' 
 she shakes me as if she still has n't gotten over the horror . 
 `` when i tried to talk to him , he said he did n't know me . 
 he said he kicked wesley 's ass and that if wes is n't careful , he 'll do it again . 
 and that 's when i screamed . 
 coop , he looked just like him , you have to believe me . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 my hands warm her back . 
 `` i saw him . '' 
 `` i slapped him and told to him stop faking it . '' 
 she presses her lips tight and shrugs . 
 `` i just freaked out . 
 the girl i was with swore he was her brother . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` do you think this is some alternate universe ? 
 do you think we all have doubles right here on paragon ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i glance back at the crowd . 
 `` i think it 's strictly relegated to wes . '' 
 and why the f ** k that might be i have no idea . 
 `` did you find skyla ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm not sure i have all the answers , but i have enough for now . 
 why do n't we head back and regroup . 
 we can visit paragon another time . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 laken wraps her arms around me as we head into the black heart of the woods . 
 the pines weave together at their distal points , leaving pinpricks of lavender sky up above . 
 it creates an entire blanket of purple stars against the murky expanse and makes it feel as if we 've just wandered into some romance novel-hell , it feels like we 're living one . 
 `` i love you , laken . '' 
 i drop a kiss just shy of her lips . 
 `` you missed . '' 
 she spins into me , her chest bucking with a silent laugh . 
 `` i love you , too , by the way . '' 
 she gives a coy smile . 
 the fear in her eyes dissipates as she relaxes into me with both body and soul . 
 `` i 'd better try again . '' 
 i melt my lips over hers , and we press in like candles fusing together . 
 i love you , laken stewart , with all my heart i do . 
 laken nestles her body against mine . 
 i love you , cooper flanders , you 're my one and only , now and forever . 
 i can taste the future in our kisses . 
 it 's going to be you and me from this moment on , sort of the way it has been since the beginning . 
 there 's nothing and no one who will ever stand in our way . 
 laken and i are finally together . 
 it feels as if my entire life just fell into place . 
 that 's because it did . 
 wesley i look up at the blank night sky , nothing but one big sheet of slate ready to crash over my head-and think of laken . 
 where are you ? 
 i close my eyes-try to focus my energy on where she and coop might have gone next as the scenery transforms around me . 
 my feet land on solid ground , a door with the number 15 emblazoned on the front appears before me . 
 a large red sign blinks spastic to my left . 
 cider plains motel . 
 i glance out at the area . 
 the old mill with its archaic silos in the distance , the bridle trail to the left of the street-i recognize this place . 
 my head explodes in a photographic seizure as an entire series of still-lifes flash before my eyes . 
 it all comes back to me in snatches . 
 laken and me in the park holding hands , a poor man 's bouquet of dehydrated maple leaves cleverly hidden behind my back . 
 fletch and me in an entire montage to childhood-t-ball , running , fishing in a lake that would one day change our destinies . 
 my body begins to tremble as i take it all in . 
 a fissure opened in my mind and now a flood , an entirely different existence is filling in the cracks . 
 all of those thoughts that wadded just beneath the surface , those strange dreams that haunted me , those feelings of not quite belonging , all of them explained in an instance . 
 i launch my body against the door and begin kicking my way inside . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 my voice echoes through the still of the night like thunder . 
 a car alarm goes off in the distance , taking up the slack for the rest of the world . 
 all of creation should scream for the injustice that 's happening here . 
 there is n't enough rage in the world to convey how i feel . 
 i push into the door with my arm and think of coop defiling her with his body until my countenance strength kicks in . 
 the door flies open as if it did n't want the beating to continue . 
 the lights are on , but the room sits empty . 
 `` laken ? '' 
 i bolt to the bathroom and throw back the shower curtain . 
 they 're gone . 
 i stagger back into the room and note the bedding looks rumpled , but nothing that indicates anything serious . 
 maybe there 's still time to tell her she 's right-that i 'm going to fight like hell to make sure we stay together . 
 i close my eyes and think of her , of where she might be and feel myself slipping away . 
 i 'm coming , laken . 
 the scenery fills in as a stone-grey night appears around me . 
 towering evergreens line either side of the road . 
 they drone on in rows like demonic shadows dipped in a fog as thick as the lies i 've been forced to swallow . 
 a lit sign wafts in and out of existence from across the street , welcome to paragon island . 
 paragon . 
 that 's where skyla is from . 
 i step onto the silent highway and feel the gravitational pull as my body hungers for the girl i love-the girl i 've always loved . 
 `` i 'm here , laken , '' i whisper . 
 `` i can make this all better . 
 i know i can . '' 
 we 'll navigate this angelic minefield together . 
 wesley parker is back , and coop better get the hell out of my way because there 's not a damn thing he can do to stop me . 
 the ground pulsates beneath me . 
 my body glides through time and space , landing me in the woods just shy of a couple engaging in a heated kiss , and my heart sinks like a lead weight because i recognize that cheer uniform , that football jersey belongs to ephemeral . 
 it 's them-laken and coop . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 her name rips from my lungs like a roar , like a cliff side echo , and i suddenly want the world to hear me scream . 
 they jump apart , and laken takes a few steps into me . 
 i come up on her , panting , and she backs away like a frightened deer . 
 my heart breaks . 
 tears blur my vision . 
 cooper swoops in and wraps his arms around her as if he 's trying to shield her from impending doom . 
 `` laken , '' my voice breaks as i take a step forward . 
 i hold out my hand , and she eyes it like a snake . 
 `` please . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i remember everything . '' 
 without hesitating i drop to my knees . 
 `` i beg your forgiveness . 
 you were right , laken . '' 
 cooper tries to pull her back , but she gently removes his hand from her body and drops down beside me . 
 `` wes ? '' 
 her voice trembles as she runs her fingers through my hair . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 `` i went to kansas . 
 i went to cider plains and saw the body-my body . '' 
 `` it was fake . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` you were never dead for long . '' 
 for long . 
 those words swim in the back of my mind like a haunting refrain . 
 `` it all came rushing back . '' 
 i do n't dare take my eyes off hers . 
 `` i remember every single day we spent on that lake-the barn . 
 i remember our first kiss . '' 
 i brush my thumb over her cheek because god knows i want to reenact that very moment right now . 
 `` i remember the poor man bouquets i showered you with . 
 how you would let me sketch you by the barn , the lake-your bed . '' 
 i cut a quick glace to coop who has n't taken his angry stare from me . 
 `` let 's go somewhere we can be alone . '' 
 i rise to my feet and bring laken up with me , pulling her body tight to mine . 
 `` god , i missed you . '' 
 i pepper her face with heated kisses . 
 nothing else matters in all of space or time , just laken and me , and the fact we 've made our way back to one another . 
 `` it 's really you , wes ? '' 
 her voice breaks as she runs her beautiful eyes all over my face at once . 
 `` it 's really me-wesley parker . '' 
 i pull her hand to my lips and kiss it . 
 `` do you believe me ? '' 
 laken and i just stare at one another locked at an impasse . 
 here it is , the moment of truth . 
 she gives a slight nod . 
 her eyes swell with glittering tears . 
 `` god , i love you . '' 
 i step in and land my lips over hers . 
 the entire universe had rearranged itself for precisely this moment . 
 her lips melt over mine , slow at first then she gives into me , and we collide in a burst of passion . 
 this is n't anything like one of those kisses we shared last week . 
 nothing about this is coated in a lie . 
 my shoulder gets pulled back from behind , and i spin as a fist lands on my jaw . 
 `` you 're going to die , coop . '' 
 i land my knee in his gut , and he doubles over just as i feed him my knuckles . 
 `` wes , stop ! '' 
 laken cries out as if i had hit her instead . 
 flanders springs up like a phoenix like i never even touched him . 
 he lands another blow to my jaw , knocking me off my feet before jumping on top of me , rattling my shirt as if trying to wake me from the dead . 
 `` you little shit , '' he seethes at me . 
 `` you think i 'm going to let you come here and f ** k with laken ? 
 you 're a manipulator , wes , and you always will be . '' 
 i summon my countenance strength and push him the hell off my body . 
 `` i 'm not shitting anyone . '' 
 it comes out more depleted than it does a reprimand . 
 `` i 'm serious , laken . '' 
 her arms are wrapped around her waist as if she were trying to stave off the shock . 
 `` i 'm back . 
 we 're back . '' 
 i stagger to my feet and stumble over to her . 
 `` come with me-let 's get out of here . '' 
 laken shoots a nervous look to coop , and he shakes his head just barely . 
 `` i promise i wo n't touch you . '' 
 i hold my hands up in surrender . 
 i 'd surrender every day to laken if she 'd have me again . 
 it 's clear where her heart and loyalties lie . 
 my eyes drag over to coop . 
 `` i just want some time alone with her , man . 
 i 'll bring her right back to ephemeral . 
 i swear on all nine of my twisted lives . '' 
 `` you okay with this ? '' 
 his features morph in pain as he squints into her . 
 but laken does n't belt out an enthusiastic yes . 
 she hesitates . 
 and in that moment i realize i 'm a little too late with the i believe you speech . 
 cooper flanders beat me to it . 
 `` i 'm okay with it , '' she whispers . 
 cooper comes over and boldly wraps his arms around laken as if he owns her , as if he knows she wants him too , and my stomach cycles like i might be sick . 
 he touches his forehead to hers , and she nods . 
 they 're speaking telepathically , cutting me out of the picture without much effort . 
 something tells me i 'm already gone . 
 coop walks away , heading deep into the woods as the fog envelopes itself around him like a shadow until he disappears altogether . 
 `` you 're really back ? '' 
 laken says it heartbroken as if it were the worst thing that could have happened . 
 `` i 'm really back . '' 
 i wrap my arms around her and hold on tight as silent tears run down my face , raining over her like fire from my eyes . 
 laken sobs silently into my chest , and we hold one another that way a good long while . 
 i pull back and take in her sheer beauty . 
 laken illuminates the dull night like a beacon , warning ships not to venture too close , or they 'll run aground . 
 coop ventured too close , and it 's evident he 's run aground , his heart already bleeding for hers . 
 `` can i kiss you ? '' 
 i whisper , losing myself in her luminous stare . 
 laken has the most amazing eyes . 
 i remember the first moment i realized i was in love with her , it was the dead of winter , and i was walking her home on a night much like this , and i fell into her glowing eyes . 
 i knew right then i never wanted to evict myself from her presence , that the rest of my days would be spent loving her whether she realized it or not . 
 then again we were just kids-doesn ' t matter , though . 
 when the right person comes along , you just know it-and i 've known it ever since . 
 she gives the slight hint of a nod , so i go for it . 
 i lower my lips to hers , trying to block out the fact i saw flanders doing exactly this as i came upon them . 
 this is my time to shine , my time with laken , whether he likes it or not . 
 her lips feel soft , far more erotic than i remember . 
 my love burns bright for you , laken stewart . 
 a dull laugh gets locked in her throat as she wraps her arms around me firm and purposeful . 
 her tongue swipes over mine , and her heart drills against me until our bodies pulsate as one . 
 god , i 've missed you , wes . 
 thank you for coming back to me . 
 laken pulls away far sooner than i want her to . 
 `` let 's take a walk . '' 
 we head off , hand-in-hand , and i relay every single memory i can think of that involves the two of us . 
 `` remember how ticked fletch was when he found out we were dating ? '' 
 laken laughs as she drinks down the memory . 
 `` i got an insane beating for that , so excuse me for not laughing it off . '' 
 we come upon a sign that reads rockaway beach and follow the trail down to the shoreline of a black sandy beach . 
 `` it all feels like a dream . '' 
 laken wraps an arm around my waist as we take off our shoes and walk along the cool shore . 
 `` it 's not a dream . '' 
 both coop , and the fact we 've both essentially been kidnaped spring to mind . 
 `` it 's more of a nightmare . '' 
 `` agree , but you 're back , and now all we have to do is beat the counts at their game . '' 
 i point over to a small thatched structure underneath a coral tree , and we make our way toward it . 
 `` i think it 's a little more complicated than beating them at their own game , '' i say , pulling her into the protective shelter with me as we face the roaring ocean with its pearl whitewash spilling over the shore . 
 `` no , wes . '' 
 laken says it as if she 's holding back a laugh . 
 `` it really is just that easy . '' 
 we take a seat , and i pull her over into my lap . 
 `` it feels so good to hold you . 
 it 's as if everything is new again . 
 it 's like - '' `` you got your life back ? '' 
 she twists into me until we 're facing one another . 
 `` exactly that . 
 you always knew how to finish my sentences . '' 
 my heart breaks a little as i take her in with the moonlight washing the color from her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry for everything i put you through these last few months . 
 i swear i 'm going to have edinger 's ass on a stick because there 's not a doubt in my mind he 's behind this . '' 
 `` but edinger is just a fem . '' 
 she dismisses my theory with a shake of her head . 
 `` he 's nothing but a minion of the counts . 
 there 's someone else , wes . 
 you must know who it is . 
 who is it that you report to ? '' 
 without trying , that granite wall hikes up removing the possibility of laken listening in on my thoughts . 
 the only person i report to is jones , and outside of that it 's edinger . 
 i 'm still not counting the rotten fem out of the equation . 
 this is far too wicked and twisted a scheme , and if edinger is anything , he 's wicked and twisted . 
 `` we 'll get to the bottom of this . '' 
 i bury a kiss in her neck . 
 `` do you still love me ? '' 
 i do n't mean to sound like some insecure teenage girl , but i want to know where i stand . 
 that kiss she shared with coop had enough sparks flying off it to burn down the entire island . 
 `` hell , yes , i still love you . '' 
 her arms wriggle around my waist , and she gives me a tight squeeze . 
 `` i 'm so relieved you 're back , wes . 
 for a while there ... '' tears spring to her eyes , and she swallows hard . 
 `` all that 's important is that you 've made your way back to me . '' 
 `` we 've made our way back to each other , laken . '' 
 a part of me wants to ask about flanders , but i do n't want to waste a second of my time with laken discussing him , so i shelf it for now . 
 `` so we 're a team now ? '' 
 she nods as if begging me to agree . 
 `` of course , we 're a team . 
 it 's laken and wes just like the old days . '' 
 her eyes close a moment . 
 her entire body sags with relief . 
 `` then let 's go right now . 
 we have to go and free my mom and lacey from the tunnels . '' 
 she starts to pull me up , and i hold her back . 
 `` your mom and lacey ? '' 
 i ask , stunned as shit . 
 i love little lacey as if she were my own kid sister . 
 i ca n't imagine either one of them down there . 
 `` coop 's mom , too , and casper . 
 that 's where she went when she disappeared , but you probably already know that . '' 
 laken looks down a moment as if i 've intentionally been keeping these things from her . 
 `` casper ? '' 
 flynn 's ditz of a sister who everyone thinks ran off to texas ? 
 `` i swear on all that is holy , i did not know that . '' 
 my heart sinks because i have a feeling i know what she 's about to ask next , and it 's impossible for me to pull off . 
 `` let 's get the hell down there , wes . 
 we can free them tonight , and this entire nightmare will be over . '' 
 there 's so much hope in her eyes , i 'm afraid to crush it . 
 `` we can do that , laken , '' i assure , pulling her in close , afraid that if i loosen my grip she 'll float away like a butterfly . 
 `` but we ca n't go in haste , or we 'll get both ourselves and the people we want to save , killed . '' 
 in the most barbaric fashion , but i leave that part out . 
 the counts are beasts . 
 i should know-i am one . 
 `` let me devise a way . 
 we need an intricate plan . 
 i can get us in , but our every move is watched . 
 they 'll let us get so far , and we might even believe we 're about to pull it off , but they 'll drop the guillotine over our necks before we ever get close to being free . 
 the tenebrous woods are nothing to mess with-neither are the counts . '' 
 `` wes . '' 
 laken buries her face in my neck a moment , and i drink down the sensation of her skin heating mine . 
 i missed this on a deeper level , all these months , and now i know why . 
 she pulls back and inhales sharply . 
 `` i 'm not giving up . 
 it 's not hopeless . 
 i swear to you , even if it kills me , i 'm getting my family the hell out of there . 
 they 've got , lacey . '' 
 she says her sister 's name as a last minute appeal . 
 lacey 's tiny face stains my heart , and my gut pinches with grief . 
 `` i promise you , laken , we will bring her home . 
 i 'll talk to edinger and make sure your family walks . '' 
 not so sure about coop 's mother , though , or casper . 
 i 'm already pushing it . 
 it goes strictly against count code , and something tells me this is going to put my balls on the line as it is . 
 she does n't bother to hide her disappointment . 
 `` so it 's me and you against the counts , right ? '' 
 her eyes widen like flares , alive with anger , a riot in each one for the very beings we 've become-that we 've always been . 
 `` we 'll get them out . 
 i 'm on your side , i swear it . '' 
 laken swallows hard . 
 her discomfort rises exponentially and heats the tiny shelter we 're in until it feels like a sauna . 
 how do i tell her that i just had the world thrust onto my shoulders ? 
 that there are people i need to shake the shit out of to make me fully understand what exactly is happening here . 
 that i 'm still not sure if this is all some mind f ** k designed by the counts and that cider plains and all these new memories are n't just some manufactured element to throw me off-to punish me for wanting to believe laken on some level . 
 there are a lot of questions to ask-questions building like an avalanche , but this is n't the time or place to roll any of that crap around . 
 it 's laken and me on a black-sand beach with no sign of flanders in the vicinity , and so i do the only thing i want to . 
 i lean in and land my lips softly over hers , and laken does n't resist . 
 a heated moan escapes her throat . 
 my name echoes in her mind like a boomerang , like a seaside echo-like a memory . 
 i 'm more in love with laken tonight than i 've ever been before . 
 this is every good feeling , every lusty appeal i 've ever felt for her rolled into one . 
 i wish the sun would never come up-that tonight would last forever . 
 my hands ride up and down her back , wild and free as her fingers float inside my shirt . 
 we 're miles away from connecticut , from ephemeral , from anything or anyone who could ever stand in our way . 
 it 's just laken and me , the first girl i kissed-the first girl who drove me to the brink of bodily insanity , still does . 
 it feels as if we 've waited a lifetime for this very kiss-two lifetimes . 
 we have . 
 if anyone thinks they 're going to pull us apart they 're wrong . 
 and if he tries , cooper flanders is a dead man . 
 he might be already . 
 2 in too deep laken the dove grey clouds remain resilient to the sun 's silent plea to break through as wes walks me back to my dorm in the morning . 
 `` do me a favor . '' 
 he lends me a kiss before pulling back with his eyes half-closed . 
 wesley is a god during waking hours but this sleepy version of him is sexier than hell , and my stomach pinches with grief because i think so-because i stayed up half the night telling him how much i care about him with the kisses that poured from my mouth . 
 and then there is coop . 
 my heart mourns for both him and who i had become overnight . 
 here i am , the girl who kissed two boys and i hate her . 
 i need to stop her and settle my heart before it ever happens again . 
 `` what 's the favor ? '' 
 i cut a quick glance toward austen house and note one of the front doors is slightly ajar . 
 a part of me wonders if i 'll find coop in my room wanting an account of where i 've been and what we 've been doing . 
 but that 's not his style . 
 i feel like an ass for everything that 's transpired over the last twenty-four hours . 
 maybe i can tell him i 'm whoring myself out to wes to get our families out of hock ? 
 i look up at wes and lock eyes . 
 maybe i am . 
 he squints . 
 `` do n't tell jen or fletch anything just yet . '' 
 and there it is . 
 why do i get the feeling wes is already looking for a way to contain the situation-that me and my newfound knowledge have somehow become a threat to more than just the counts , but to wes himself ? 
 i had become the grassfire , and he 's the kindling . 
 `` i 'll wait . '' 
 i offer a chaste peck and wave as he heads towards henderson hall . 
 i step into austen house to find jen , grayson , and kresley huddled in the common room as i quietly make my way up the stairs . 
 `` and where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 jen 's voice cuts across the expanse like a chainsaw . 
 `` get right back down here , young lady . 
 and do n't think i did n't notice you 've been missing all night . '' 
 perfect . 
 after everything that 's happened , it 's going to be jen and her militant supervision that 's going to push me to stab my eye out with the first pointy object i see . 
 grayson 's stilettos stare back at me as if volunteering , and i let out a breath . 
 kresley narrows her puke-green eyes on me . 
 `` so who was the flavor of the night ? 
 wes or coop ? 
 let me guess-both . '' 
 her makeup has run down her cheeks . 
 she looks puffy and red eyed as if she 's been crying . 
 her hair is unusually messy . 
 it 's only then i notice both she and grayson are still wearing the same skanky costumes from last night . 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 i plop next to jen and wait for the lecture to ensue , so i can get the hell upstairs and get some serious shuteye . 
 time travel and dueling boyfriends has left me tired as shit . 
 `` well , it 's my business , '' jen spits it out like a threat . 
 `` and you 'd damn well pony up the truth . '' 
 i swallow hard because jen just let an expletive fly , and i happen to know that this version of my sister , who also happens to be the biologically correct one , rarely ever lets a four-letter word rip from her mouth . 
 `` i was with wes . '' 
 `` but you left with cooper . '' 
 grayson opens those magenta pillows she calls lips , and swear to god , i expect a bat to fly out , or at least a new strain of herpes . 
 grayson is ephemeral 's own budding p ** n star . 
 she starred in a low budget action flick last month , power position . 
 it 's already out on dvd and heavily discounted , and , sadly , a petty part of me finds mild satisfaction in this . 
 `` i was with cooper then wes came by , and we hung out . '' 
 i look to jen . 
 `` that 's the truth . '' 
 sort of . 
 `` let me guess '' - kres mock gags - `` you convinced wesley that you needed protection from all the scary monsters running around last night . '' 
 `` there were zombies on the loose , so , yes , and he volunteered . '' 
 but it was cooper who was protecting me . 
 a sad feeling sweeps over my body . 
 i have a gut feeling that if i had asked cooper to help me get my family out of the tunnels last night , he would n't have hesitated . 
 i 'd be having breakfast with them right now instead of staring at grayson 's wardrobe malfunction . 
 but , according to wes , my family would n't have gone anywhere better-both coop and i would be dead , and so would they . 
 `` those were idiots from rycroft . '' 
 jen points over at me with a pen , and it 's only now i realize she 's taking notes . 
 `` and , by the way , i heard half the basketball team is on probation for that little stunt . 
 ten games . 
 five for doing it-five for denying it . '' 
 `` they did n't do it . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` there were real zombies here last night . 
 but '' - i slap my hands over my thighs - `` i doubt you believe me so i 'm off to my room . '' 
 jen 's eye twitches as if she were considering my words . 
 `` hattie is n't coming back . 
 i 'll be cleaning her things out later today , just so you know . '' 
 `` why is n't she coming back ? '' 
 hattie is the only celestra i know outside of coop , and she 's the tobias sisters granddaughter-all of whom i still might need to free my family . 
 `` because '' - grayson scowls over at me as if i were too dumb to read the hot pink lipstick scrawled across the proverbial wall - `` she hung kres and me from a tree like we were freaking sides of beef . 
 she 's a killer , stupid . 
 she has to be caught and exterminated . '' 
 jen rolls her eyes . 
 `` she took off , and we ca n't find her . 
 the police want to ask her some questions . 
 it 's true what grayson says . 
 the school security camera caught it all on tape . 
 she 's already been expelled . 
 it 's a done deal . '' 
 jen flips back her milky-blonde hair as if it were nothing to lose sleep over , but the fact that poor , sweet hattie is out there somewhere alone and afraid makes me want to scour the landscape until i find her . 
 `` there 's an emergency assembly in an hour down in carlson hall . 
 it 's mandatory . 
 i 'll see you there . '' 
 `` then i guess i 'd better get ready . '' 
 i hit the stairs before jen can protest . 
 a school assembly on a saturday ? 
 this is going to be a shit day all around , i can tell . 
 i walk into carlson hall a little early , hoping coop will already be there , and he is . 
 my heart skips a beat at the sight of him then sinks like a lead boulder at the thought of those kisses i shared with wes . 
 it was as if i had lost my mind . 
 a part of me wanted to believe we were back in cider plains-that we were simply making up after some big fight . 
 the irony is , wes and i never fought . 
 i suppose the reality is that i never once thought i 'd get wes back , and now i have him . 
 we spent all last night getting drunk off the memory of who we were . 
 but at the end of the day , something was still amiss in my heart , and i 'm guessing that something was cooper flanders . 
 he 's already created a wedge between wes and me as wide as the atlantic . 
 i 'm pretty sure there is n't anything that can fill that gap , except for coop , and i ca n't have them both . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he rises to meet me and pulls me into a deep , strong hug . 
 coop 's chest warms me for a moment , and i welcome the heat . 
 his cheek bristles against mine , and i let out an involuntary groan . 
 `` so '' - he pulls back , his hands still digging into my waist - `` everything go okay ? '' 
 there 's a reflection of pain in his eyes , and i glance away pretending not to have seen it . 
 if i acknowledge it in any way , i 'll lose it right here . 
 `` it depends on what your definition of okay is . '' 
 a moment of silence slices by thick and unwanted , pushing a pin into that high we were on last night . 
 everything that had become clear between us is muddy again . 
 the counts had thrown us in the dirt , and wesley 's newfound knowledge brought the rain . 
 now here we are , nothing short of a sticky mess . 
 `` wes says he remembers everything . 
 he knew details that only he could know , and i believe him . '' 
 i shake my head as a stream of students filter into the cavernous room . 
 he motions for me to take a seat while he hops into the row behind me . 
 coop leans over my backrest as i twist into him . 
 i feel so guilty , so horrible at what i 've let happen . 
 i wish i could evaporate in a cloud of dust and be forgotten once and for all . 
 `` he said we ca n't just rush in and get our families , '' i continue . 
 `` he said there would be serious consequences-death might be involved . '' 
 it was hard to push out those last few words . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of my little sister dying . 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 coop does n't hesitate with the answer . 
 he shoots a look to the entrance as if he were keeping an eye out for wes . 
 `` there 's no way the counts are going to let us walk in like it 's a bank heist and take off with a handful of prisoners . '' 
 his cheeks flex , no smile . 
 `` they 'd kill us without thinking twice . '' 
 i give a slow , circular nod . 
 `` wes said he 'd help . '' 
 coop drills his sad , pale eyes into mine . 
 `` you need to be with him , laken . '' 
 he swallows hard . 
 `` it needs to be real-hell , let it be if that 's what you want . '' 
 his shoulders sag in defeat . 
 `` it 's the only way he 'll help us . 
 i know it is . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 i pull him in by the wrist and glide my hand down over his until our fingers interlace . 
 `` he loved my sister . 
 he cares that my mom is down there-your mom , too . 
 he 's going to help us free casper . '' 
 looks like wes did n't waste any time morphing into a saint . 
 coop flicks his eyes to the corner . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he gives my hand a squeeze . 
 `` is everything okay between you , two ? '' 
 there it is . 
 coop wants answers . 
 he did n't beat around the bush , and that 's what i like best about coop . 
 he 's all about the brass tacks-getting things done . 
 nothing ever has to wait to happen with cooper . 
 `` i was kind of hoping to see the two of you tonight . '' 
 just the thought of having wes and coop in such close proximity guts me . 
 `` there 's something i need to say . '' 
 `` laken , '' it comes out sad , so sorry for me , for us . 
 he tilts in his chin , his eyes never wavering from mine . 
 `` i do n't think i can . 
 i have practice , then a four-hour shift . '' 
 coop works at a mexican restaurant downtown-maria 's . 
 `` we can come to you . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` it 's okay-save the speech . '' 
 a sad smile sweeps over his face . 
 `` be with wes . 
 he 's still the key to getting our families . '' 
 coop leans in all the way until our lips are just about touching . 
 `` i swear to you on everything that is true , i will love you no matter what you decide . 
 but you are in no way home free with wes . 
 promise me something '' - coop pulls my hand close to his heart - `` do n't worry about hurting my feelings , laken . 
 just focus on getting our loved ones out of those tunnels alive . 
 and if wes is the direction your heart leads you '' - the muscles in his jaw pop - `` i 'll be right there cheering you on . '' 
 the bell rings , and i groan , slightly perturbed because some small , vain part of me wishes he would have said the very opposite . 
 i wish coop would start a war , set the whole damn school on fire as a felonious show of affection . 
 `` i call bullshit , '' i say as i spin in my seat to face the front . 
 maybe i 'm coming across as a bitch . 
 hell , maybe that 's what i 've finally become , but deep down , coop wounded me with his strange show of support for whatever direction my heart may lead me . 
 selfishly i wanted him to fight . 
 maybe i did want a war . 
 the counts wage one every single day against celestra . 
 a fight to the finish is in my bloodlines . 
 i wish it were in coop 's . 
 maybe cooper flanders is n't that into me after all . 
 wes strides in with kres by his side , and his dimples ignite as he beams over at me . 
 he glances back at coop , and the smile glides right back off . 
 wes lands in the seat next to me and presses a kiss over my cheek before picking up my hand . 
 it feels like the old days . 
 but something is still amiss . 
 cooper ms. paxton drones on and on about campus safety , but i hardly catch every third word , i 'm too busy losing myself in laken 's hair . 
 my fingers itch to comb through her butter soft waves as they waterfall over her seat . 
 wes glances back a moment , miffed for no apparent reason . 
 he shifts and wraps an arm around her shoulders , pulling her close . 
 he looks over once more , but i keep my eyes fixated on his mother , pretending not to notice . 
 he 's on edge , i can tell . 
 that lip-lock he witnessed between laken and me has him rattled , as it should . 
 i may have played it cool a few minutes ago , but i saw the hurt in her eyes . 
 i heard her loud and clear when her thoughts drifted . 
 laken wishes i would start a war , set the whole damn school on fire as a felonious show of affection for her . 
 my lips curve at the thought . 
 god knows i 'm willing to do just that and more . 
 that was the fuel i needed . 
 every fiber of my being f ** king rejoiced when those words floated through her mind . 
 her heart dropped just as mine soared on wings like eagles . 
 but i 'm not about to let my emotions get in the way of doing what we need to-rescuing our families . 
 wes is still the key whether i like it or not . 
 and i do n't like it , not one f ** king bit . 
 the assembly comes to an end , and bodies stream out of the massive hall in a hurry as if the ceiling were on fire . 
 carter pulls laken off to the side , bubbling with enthusiasm , and now they 're hugging it out , squealing . 
 i wish i were hugging it out with laken . 
 god knows i 'd love to make her squeal . 
 wes nods over to me as i rise . 
 `` coop . '' 
 he tosses out a knuckle bump , and i meet him halfway . 
 `` are we good ? '' 
 are we good ? 
 `` yeah , we 're good . '' 
 the words unsettle me as they jet from my lips . 
 i know for a fact wes and i will never be good . 
 laken bounces over . 
 her features go slack when she sees us together . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 she looks from me to wes , her eyes alive with worry . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 wes does n't waste a minute before wrapping his arm around her , claiming her as his own . 
 `` coop knows i 'm back , and that i 'm going to do everything i can to get your families out of the tunnels . '' 
 he shoots a hard look over to me that says i 've got this handled-step the hell off . 
 `` great . '' 
 laken tries to break away , but he yanks her right back and buries a kiss on the top of her head , branding her with his lips . 
 `` we should probably get together and figure this out . '' 
 she looks over at me with heavy eyes , an apology written all over her face , and my stomach sinks . 
 the last thing i want is for laken to feel bad . 
 and , for sure , i do n't want wes to note one emotion out of tune-ticking him off is nothing short of having a tiger by the tail . 
 not that i would n't mind pissing him off a little if our families were free . 
 laken glances up at him . 
 her features soften . 
 then again , if wes is what she wants i 'll support her . 
 it 'll hurt like hell until the day i die , but deep down all i want is for laken to be happy . 
 wish to god it were me making her happy . 
 edinger crops up and injects his ugly mug into our circle . 
 `` mr. flanders , since you were the one to rescue the girls , i 'd appreciate a quick word with you . '' 
 i helped pull kresley and grayson from their respective nooses last night , no thanks to hattie . 
 i 'm still not sure what got into her , but knowing kres and grayson , it did n't take much . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i drag my eyes over to laken and wes . 
 `` i 'll catch you guys later . '' 
 i hop over the seat and follow edinger across the hall to the english department . 
 he walks a good clip until we hit his darkened room , and i head in first . 
 `` take a seat . '' 
 he throws his keys over the desk , so hard , the protective sheet of glass splinters into the shape of a bull 's eye . 
 the lights are still off , and it 's dark as shit outside . 
 `` so what 's the big reward ? '' 
 i lean against the whiteboard . 
 `` let me guess , you 're going to erect a statue in my honor . '' 
 `` you like to dream big . '' 
 his face disappears like a shadow . 
 if having laken all to myself one day is dreaming big , i 'd say he 's right . 
 `` tell me , cooper '' - he relaxes into his seat , his black eyes settle over mine - `` did you enjoy yourself at the party ? '' 
 the party . 
 i shake my head . 
 edinger was there-watching , listening . 
 not that i expected anything less . 
 `` it was a nice night on paragon . '' 
 `` it turned out a little nicer for wesley . '' 
 he leans in over his elbows . 
 a scowl twitches on his lips before reverting to a dark smile . 
 `` let me put this in modern terms ; step up your game , coop . 
 wesley had his tongue jammed down her throat for the better half of the night . '' 
 my stomach pinches as he says it . 
 `` is that what you wanted ? '' 
 `` no , '' it comes from me emphatic , pissed to hell and back . 
 i try to push the visual out of my brain , but it 's stained onto the surface , indelible-wes hiding behind my eyelids like a coward . 
 `` that 's not what i want , but this is n't just about me . '' 
 `` do you remember the terms of our agreement ? '' 
 he connects his fingers at the tips as he relaxes into his seat . 
 `` you remove wesley from laken 's heart , and you gain me as your supervising spirit for the rest of your time on this planet . '' 
 his eyes sear into mine like live coals . 
 `` lose laken-lose your life . '' 
 `` and spend the rest of my natural days in the tunnel . '' 
 i tighten the screws for him . 
 `` no , i have n't forgotten . '' 
 `` then how is it you let this happen ? '' 
 he growls it out , and the windows rattle in the wake of his thunder . 
 `` i did n't let shit happen . 
 laken chooses who laken wants to be with , not me . '' 
 edinger glares as if i had freshly offended him . 
 `` i would have put someone bolder in her path if i knew the jellyfish you 'd turn out to be . '' 
 `` what the hell do you mean , put in her path ? '' 
 a sly smile creeps up the side of his face . 
 his eyes remain cold , his body rigid as stone . 
 `` that day in the forest when she arrived-you did n't think happenstance brought you to the exact juncture where your services were needed , did you ? '' 
 shit . 
 `` i suppose that means you put emmanuel tobias in my way as well . '' 
 `` you 're smarter than you look . 
 why do n't you make use of those sparse brain cells and devise a plan to win her heart for good . '' 
 `` win her heart for good . '' 
 i nod into the idea , my eyes fixated on the door behind him . 
 `` i wish it were that easy . '' 
 `` it 's not rocket science . 
 she has feelings for you . 
 use your charm and wit to your advantage . 
 she 's at a crossroads . 
 every moment is of the essence . 
 she 's simply one heartbeat away . 
 seize her flanders , and save your life in the process . '' 
 i take a step for the door . 
 `` i 'm not as interested in manipulating anyone as you might think . '' 
 and to be honest it sucks knowing it was edinger doing just that when i met up with laken in those woods . 
 and here , all along , i was happily crediting fate . 
 `` so what 's eating you so bad that you ca n't stand to see wes with laken ? 
 want him for yourself ? '' 
 nothing would surprise me anymore . 
 he stands to his feet as i walk backward toward he door . 
 `` wesley was never meant for laken . 
 you were . '' 
 he drills those wicked eyes into mine , and every bit of me knows this to be true-always have . 
 i did n't need some demented monster to tell me . 
 but it sure feels good having it confirmed . 
 i barrel out of the english building after my close encounter of the edinger kind and stop shy of the final few steps . 
 my heart seizes in my chest . 
 there they are . 
 wes holds laken right under the statue of asterion with his hands low at her hips . 
 if we were meant to be , then why in the hell would she let him hold her like that ? 
 maybe she 's just playing along . 
 but as much as i 'd like to think this were an act to get our families back , a part of me knows she has feelings for him . 
 wes tracks his hands over her back like two snakes slithering out of control . 
 my blood boils as the promise of a homicide percolates in my bones . 
 just the sight makes me want to kill him , and i wish to god that glorified piece of copper would rouse to life and chomp wesley 's head off in one clean bite . 
 `` i 'd pay with my soul to see wes verses the minotaur , '' i whisper below a breath , and asterion startles to life . 
 his jaw unhinges wide like a piranha just as wes leans in for a kiss . 
 shit . 
 i book over using my celestra speed and pull laken from his grasp by a good two feet . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 wes comes at me like a bullet , and laken quickly dislodges from my grasp . 
 i glance up , and much to my horror and embarrassment , the minotaur has restored itself to its solidified glory . 
 fucking edinger . 
 wes taps his chest to mine as if he 's pumped and looking for a fight , and i 'm ready to give him one-he does n't need to ask twice . 
 `` sorry , man . '' 
 i scratch the back of my neck in lieu of knocking him out . 
 `` the statue looked like it was about to topple-i swear i would n't have done it otherwise . '' 
 wes glares as if he 's not in the market for bullshit today . 
 `` so you leave me to die ? 
 nice . '' 
 he nods over to laken . 
 `` looks like we 've got a real superhero running around . 
 too bad he 's only interested in saving one person . '' 
 he pulls her in , and she does n't fight it . 
 `` i get that you 're pissed-you 're hurt , coop . '' 
 his voice softens . 
 `` but do n't go taking it out on me , dude . 
 you knew laken and i were together '' - he drills a finger into my chest - `` and you took advantage of the fact i was n't able to believe her . '' 
 `` stop . '' 
 laken slices the air between us with her hand . 
 `` i wo n't stop . '' 
 wes keeps shoveling the soil to his grave . 
 i do n't mind . 
 i 'll be right there with laken to kick the casket in as soon as she says the word . 
 `` look , coop , laken and i are n't going anywhere . 
 set your sights on someone else , and respect the fact that destiny brought us together again , right where we belong . '' 
 i nod my way past him . 
 i ca n't look at laken , or i might lose it and go ape shit all over wes and his sorry destiny-wielding ass . 
 i know for a fact whose side destiny is on . 
 not his . 
 wesley for a second , i think of going after him , pummeling in coop 's good looks with my fist until we 're both bloodied and bruised , but laken holds me back . 
 `` no-let him go . '' 
 she pulls me in with a violent force i can easily get used to . 
 `` he 's hurt . '' 
 laken wraps her arms around me . 
 `` i just-i sent him the wrong signals . '' 
 she blinks away tears . 
 `` i guess i was confused . '' 
 our hands find one another , and we interlace our fingers . 
 laken is holding back her thoughts , erecting a barrier as tall and wide as the hoover dam . 
 she 's hiding her feelings behind that iron curtain , and i can only hope she 's telling the truth . 
 `` winter formal is coming up . '' 
 i wrap my arms around her and give her a spin . 
 `` i want to be your date . 
 come with me , please . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she bounces a kiss off my lips , and her features melt with sadness as soon as she pulls away . 
 `` it 's a month from now . 
 we should have my family back by then , right ? '' 
 `` laken , '' i whisper her name as i spot edinger heading out of the english building . 
 `` yes . 
 we 'll get them . 
 look , i have to get to the library . 
 can i meet you for dinner ? '' 
 `` carter offered to take me out . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` she 's my new roommate , so it 's sort of a celebration , and i could n't say no . '' 
 `` i 've got a game at rice tomorrow-i 'll be back late . '' 
 `` not a problem . 
 we 'll do it friday . '' 
 `` i was thinking about the lake-just me and you . '' 
 i run my finger over the side of her face and trace out her perfect features . 
 there are so many things i 'd like to do to-with laken . 
 it 's taking all of my self-control not to haul her back to my room right now . 
 i let that one slip through . 
 i wanted her to hear it . 
 i want her to know exactly what my carnal intentions are with her , to prove how bad i need her . 
 `` i 'm ready to do things with you , wes . '' 
 laken hooks her hand around the back of my neck and pulls me in . 
 `` i 'm your spirit wife remember ? 
 it 's going to be you and me , forever . '' 
 a slow smile bleeds from my lips as the memory of the ensign meeting runs through my mind . 
 `` you 'll always be my treasure . '' 
 i bury a quick kiss over her mouth . 
 `` there 's another meeting coming up . '' 
 i run my eyes over her beautiful face . 
 laken holds an exquisite beauty that i plan on sketching out every day of the year for the rest of our lives . 
 `` i can have you elevated . '' 
 my eyes bear into hers because i want her to know how serious this is . 
 `` another meeting ? 
 in the room of fire ? '' 
 the look of fear mixed with confusion takes over . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 we need to push in deeper for the counts to trust us . 
 as soon as they see how committed we are , they 'll elevate our ranks and increase our privileges . 
 we 'll be allowed to roam through those tunnels anytime we want . '' 
 i leave out the fact that i already am . 
 but it does n't matter because i want laken right there by my side . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 she never breaks our gaze . 
 `` but swear to me you 're just doing this to get our families out . 
 wes , you 're not going to want anything to do with the counts after this , are you ? '' 
 `` i promise you , my first priority is getting our families out-yes , ours . '' 
 i tread my fingers through her hair , soft as the finest silk . 
 `` laken , you 're already family to me , and so is your mom and lacey . 
 i 'm going to talk to some people and try to get this whole thing straightened out . 
 there has to be a way to do this without going rogue . 
 it 's better to have the counts with us than against us . 
 i swear to you on all that is holy , it 's the best way . '' 
 she turns and kisses my palm before laying her head on my chest . 
 `` i believe you , wes . 
 do you think we can free the other people in the tunnels ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the counts will always need celestra blood to stay ahead of the game . 
 they can do things we ca n't . 
 they can time travel , read minds-heck , they can shape shift , morph into any creature they want , but they 're too stupid to realize it . 
 i can do it myself if i drink enough of their blood . 
 as long as celestra is more powerful , the tunnels are the only advantage we have . 
 it keeps us on an even playing field . '' 
 she shakes her head and gives a hard sniff . 
 laken has a heart the size of texas , so , of course , the idea of a bunch of trapped celestra kills her . 
 `` promise me something ? '' 
 she looks up . 
 her pale eyes shimmer like stones under water . 
 `` when everything is said and done , we 'll get as far away from this place as possible . '' 
 `` promise . '' 
 i land a kiss over her lips that ignites like a flame . 
 i 'd move to another planet entirely if that 's what it took to be near laken . 
 not that we 'd ever get away from the counts . 
 after all , you can never truly outrun yourself . 
 in the late afternoon , the sky turns an ashen shade of soot . 
 the clouds pulsate in and out as if it were the fur of some prehistoric animal . 
 it 's getting ready to drive down rain like the plague , and soon all of ephemeral will be swimming in it . 
 the library stands like a monolithic stone set in my path , and right about now it feels like one . 
 the stained glass windows glow an eerie yellow as if there were flames licking the building from inside . 
 i walk right in and head to the back , to the locked passage that only a select few have access to . 
 i let myself into the dim lit room . 
 a candle glows in the center of the round mahogany table illuminating the leather-bound volumes that boast of angelic history . 
 `` wesley . '' 
 the whites of edinger 's eyes squint in my direction as if they were smiling . 
 it does n't surprise me one bit that he 's here , ready and willing to mock me . 
 in truth i expected nothing less . 
 a fresh rage boils in me at the sight of him . 
 i flip the table over and scoop him up by his dress shirt . 
 a thin veil of light trickles in from the windows that line the top of the bookshelves . 
 `` you f ** king piece of shit . '' 
 i knock him hard against the stacks of angelic lineage until one historic volume after another knocks him gleefully over the head . 
 swear to god , it 's as if they were aiming for him-and i 'd like to think they were . 
 `` why the hell would you take me from my home ? 
 you kidnapped me . '' 
 i rattle him like a ragdoll . 
 `` god only knows what you 're doing to laken 's poor family . '' 
 i throw him down to the floor , and he 's quick to spring back up and get in my face . 
 `` i 'm not responsible for bringing you anywhere . '' 
 he dusts himself off with a casual restraint . 
 `` and you and i both know what 's happened to her family , now do n't we ? '' 
 he taps me over the chest , and i fall back into a waiting seat . 
 he pulls a chair up beside me , pressing in until our knees touch . 
 `` i want them out . 
 flanders ' mother , too . 
 and give me casper . '' 
 i lean back and wait for it because if there 's one thing i can rely on from demetri , it 's resistance . 
 `` they 're yours . '' 
 he cocks his head with a token smile hovering on his lips . 
 `` one condition . '' 
 `` is n't there always ? 
 what impossible quest do you have for me now ? 
 you need some moon dust for one of your potions ? 
 you want me to stop up a black hole with my body ? 
 i can hardly wait to hear it . '' 
 `` i want my son . 
 one life in exchange for many . 
 it 's a thing of beauty , would n't you agree ? '' 
 `` who the hell 's your son , and where is he ? '' 
 `` that 's for you to find out . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 my legs start pumping because i 'm just about ready to drill him a new one . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 `` bring him to me , unharmed , willing to serve , and i 'll free them . '' 
 `` and what if he 's not so willing to serve ? '' 
 edinger tips his head back with a silent laugh . 
 `` he will be . 
 he was born to serve and to rule . 
 i think both you and i know how lucrative , how enticing having all that power would be . '' 
 `` what good is power if it 's your lousy face he needs to report to every day . 
 no wonder the kid 's in hiding . '' 
 `` my son will have power and prestige that i could never achieve . 
 he 's part countenance and , most importantly , part fem . 
 i know him through and through . 
 he wo n't give up that power for anything or anyone . 
 an entire kingdom waits for him . 
 he alone will hold dominion over the countenance people . '' 
 `` so that 's it ? 
 i drag your ingrate of a kid back , and you let whoever the hell i want walk right out of the tunnels ? '' 
 `` without hesitation . '' 
 `` i want laken , too . '' 
 `` that 's your job not mine , '' he 's quick to fire back . 
 i lean in to inspect him . 
 `` how did flanders get to paragon ? '' 
 `` with my aid . '' 
 `` why the f ** k would you help coop ? '' 
 i pluck a book off the shelf and fling it across the room like a frisbee . 
 `` because coop is helping me . '' 
 and with that he vanishes . 
 just what in the hell is cooper flanders helping edinger with ? 
 3 dancing in the flames laken by evening , jen has my bedroom picked clean of all things hattie , and i try to hide the fact i 'm more than a little sad to see her go . 
 in fact , i 'm not sure where in the hell she did go , but one guess is she 's hanging out with that spectator boy toy of hers , flynn . 
 i plan on paying a special visit to him in the very near future for a whole lot of reasons but the most important being hattie . 
 she 's so darn innocent . 
 if she 's not with flynn , she could be hitchhiking her way across the country with some wild band of bikers . 
 `` so , jones called , '' jen says as she gets up from inspecting beneath hattie 's bed . 
 `` mom 's birthday is coming up , and he invited us over next weekend . '' 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 i flip open my laptop and check my emails . 
 there are three forwards from marky , two viral videos featuring kittens and one manicure demo from youtube-a tutorial for a minnie mouse inspired look . 
 cute . 
 my heart warms just thinking about hanging out with her-then drops like a rotten apple when i think of the way i 've made coop feel . 
 i need to have a minute alone with him . 
 `` what do you mean no thanks ? 
 she 's your mother . '' 
 `` maybe she is . '' 
 biologically it seems to be true . 
 coop tested my newfound family , and it turns out that jen , fletch , and mom all worked out as far as the bloodlines go . 
 no so much for the fake father the counts tried to thrust upon me . 
 ironic because that 's the one family member i 've always secretly craved . 
 `` i do n't really care about her birthday . '' 
 `` laken ! '' 
 jen straightens . 
 her wide eyes spin like a kaleidoscope with the blue flecks falling in turn . 
 `` jen , what if i told you that the counts have been kidnapping people ? 
 that neither fletch , wes , nor i are from around here ? 
 and to be honest , i have no clue where you might have come from . '' 
 `` i 'd say your head injury has made a grand comeback , and poor jones is going to lose his sanity . '' 
 her eyes sparkle with tears as she makes her way over . 
 `` that man loves you more than you will ever know . '' 
 she rakes her fingers through my hair . 
 `` oh , laken , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she shakes her head as if a tragedy just unfolded , and it did . 
 carter bursts into the room with all her blonde enthusiasm and leopard print luggage in tow . 
 `` let the party begin ! '' 
 she spikes her hand in the air , and an entire line of girls file in from behind , dragging in more suitcases and stuffed animals than should ever be allotted to just one person . 
 jax bursts in and butts her shoulder into jen 's . 
 she 's cradling an oversized polar bear with an obnoxious red lacy heart sewn between its paws , glaring at jen as if she had the power to make it come to life and claw her eyes out . 
 `` hey , '' i bark as grayson and kres file in with a group of girls . 
 `` nobody touches my sister like that . '' 
 i spike to my feet and push that polar bear right out of jax 's stringy arms . 
 `` look , anderson . '' 
 jax gets her snarky face up in mine . 
 her hair is freshly dyed a deep shade of copper , and the scent of ammonia clings to her like a toxic cloud . 
 it 's cut just below her jawline so angular and sharp , it looks like she could slice me open with her hair alone if she wanted . 
 and judging by the look of sheer hatred on jax 's face , a follicular felony is n't off the table just yet . 
 `` if and when i decide to touch your sister is my business . 
 if you want to line up for an ass kicking , go right ahead . 
 i 'll be glad to administer one to you both . '' 
 she huffs a silent threat to jen before stalking out of the room . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 carter asks , stunned , and now i 'm afraid my confrontation may have ruined her good time . 
 `` she 's just jealous that i won blaine 's heart . '' 
 jen sweeps her hair behind her shoulder as if she could n't be bothered with it . 
 `` some people just do n't know when to give up . '' 
 jen almost looks sorry for her . 
 `` but blaine can only be with one person , and he chose me . 
 someone 's heart was bound to get broken . '' 
 my entire body fills with grief because wes and coop are both bottling up their rage just like jax , and it 's all my fault . 
 i 'm sure the only beating they 'd like to administer is to each other . 
 carter stretches her limbs in the air . 
 `` so where should we go to dinner ? '' 
 `` maria 's , '' i volunteer a little too quickly . 
 `` i second that . '' 
 grayson pushes out her chest in approval until her oversized boobs spill into the room uninvited . 
 wes and coop . 
 someone 's heart is about to get broken . 
 mine already is . 
 maria 's humble green and white sign lights up the streets of downtown trinity on this dismal saturday night . 
 it 's all i can do not to push carter and her exuberant crowd of girls out of my way as i crash my way to coop . 
 we head inside , and his gorgeous eminence lights up the place . 
 coop is a torch in this dark cave of a world the counts created . 
 `` ladies ! '' 
 he gives a generous smile , but his eyes pierce through mine as if it were all for me . 
 `` let 's get you seated . '' 
 coop points carter toward the back and waits as the gaggle of estrogen passes him by because he 's a gentleman like that . 
 `` i missed you today , '' i whisper as we hold up the rear . 
 coop glances down . 
 his tongue whips over his lower lip like an afterthought . 
 `` i miss you too , laken . '' 
 the girls take a seat , and the booth fills to capacity . 
 `` i 'll grab a seat for you . '' 
 coop looks me in the eye a heartbeat too long , and a spear of pain shoots from him to me . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i was going to head to the restroom for a minute anyway . '' 
 i follow him back to the kitchen area , and he leads me to a darkened hallway with a door that leads out into the cold night air . 
 we ditch into a dim lit alley , and i fold over him , holding on tight while burying my face in his neck . 
 it takes everything in me not to give in and cry . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he rubs my back with his warm , thick hands , whispering his reassurances that everything will be all right . 
 i wish i could believe it . 
 `` anything new you want to share ? '' 
 i pull back and nod , still biting over my lip to keep from losing it . 
 `` wes says there 's a chance we could get promoted . 
 that , if we do , the counts will trust us more , and we can get our families out of those haunted woods without getting killed . '' 
 `` promoted ? '' 
 he looks as baffled as i did . 
 `` through the ensign program . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm going to do it . 
 you know i 'll do anything to get our families back . '' 
 i sharpen those words with the poison that my love has become and shoot him right through the heart . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'm going to do anything to get our loved ones home safe and nothing-not one part of my body is exempt from making that happen . 
 coop nods , never letting his gaze fall from mine . 
 `` i hate this , laken . 
 i really do . '' 
 he pulls me in and exhales hard over my shoulder . 
 `` but if it means your sister and mother are safe , i know it 's a price you 're willing to pay . '' 
 shit . 
 i hear him loud and clear . 
 i pull back and touch my finger to his lips . 
 `` i want to kiss you . '' 
 `` no , '' he says it soft as a demonic whisper , and now i never want to hear that word again . 
 `` not yet . 
 when this nightmare is over , then you decide with a clear heart and mind who you want to be with . 
 let 's ride this train out on the track it started . 
 you 're with wes , plain and simple . '' 
 he swallows hard . 
 `` is it different now ? '' 
 his lips twitch as if he 's trying to hold it together . 
 `` now that he remembers . '' 
 this moment , right here , is somehow solidifying itself over my heart as the single toughest moment of my existence . 
 there 's something tragic , something heroically noble and horrific watching coop distil his love for me until nothing but support strains out . 
 our relationship was like a shooting star , coming and going in a shock of beauty that leaves you questioning whether or not it really happened once it 's over , but the memory stains your mind 's - eye , magical , beautiful . 
 it was all panning out to be so tragic , so unbearably sad-enough to soak the handkerchief of god . 
 `` not really . '' 
 i 'm not sure why , but it is . 
 `` he 's the same . 
 i mean he 's always been the same with the exception of not remembering , and now that he remembers ... '' a dull laugh rattles through me . 
 `` i guess i thought he 'd be fuming-that heads would role . 
 i thought we 'd have stormed the gates of hell by now to get lacey out of hock , but he 's cautious and wisely so . 
 it will all work out in the end , i can feel it . '' 
 `` maybe you can get him to take you there . '' 
 coop 's forehead wrinkles into three neat lines . 
 `` that 's a great idea . '' 
 i bounce on my toes . 
 `` i 'd die to see them . '' 
 a tear rolls down my cheek unexpected . 
 `` it 'll kill me to leave without them . 
 i do n't know if i can do it . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 coop presses me against him until i can make out every nuance of his body , his lean abs , the bulge in his boxers growing all for me , and a rush of heat floods my cheeks . 
 `` you have a big heart , laken . '' 
 his steel-colored eyes drill into mine , and my adrenaline spikes . 
 `` that 's what i love about you best . '' 
 `` this is all going to end soon , right coop ? '' 
 i bow my head into his chest . 
 `` i 'll lose my mind if i have to spend the next ten years trying to get our loved ones out of those tunnels . '' 
 cooper gently lifts my chin until my eyes meet his once again . 
 `` i promise you , i will do everything possible to speed along the process . '' 
 `` i still love you , coop . '' 
 my stomach pinches with a bite of heat as the words slip from me like oil . 
 `` i swear to you , i 'm not trying to hurt you . 
 i would never - '' coop runs his finger over my lips , and i kiss it . 
 i want nothing more than to pull him in and cover his mouth with mine , but i 'm too afraid i 've already become who i swore i 'd never be-the girl that runs around kissing two different boys . 
 he touches his cheek to mine , and everything in me swims with relief . 
 it feels electric like this with coop , erotic beyond measure , and my entire body pulsates in rhythm to my heart . 
 `` flanders ! '' 
 a male voice gruffs from behind . 
 `` i 'd better let you go . '' 
 i wrap my arms around him tight . 
 ironic because the last thing in the universe i want to do is let cooper flanders go . 
 he pulls me back by the shoulders and steadies his eyes over mine . 
 `` wes is still the key , laken . 
 he needs to know he 's number one in your life . '' 
 he gives a somber nod . 
 his sad eyes pull back and forth to each of mine . 
 `` it 's okay if he is . '' 
 i shake my head as i back my way into the restaurant . 
 it 's the second time he 's said that , and i do n't like it one bit . 
 cooper the night sky above trinity rolls and shines like liquid mercury as it glides over the expanse above . 
 i almost kissed her . 
 her lips were this close , and i waged a war with my dick to keep my tongue out of her mouth . 
 no matter how chivalrous it was to show restraint , it just makes me dislike wesley that much more . 
 i head back into the restaurant and give a shout out to ernie to let him know i 'm taking out the trash . 
 i clean out two bins and head to the dumpster . 
 i need a lungful of fresh night air to cool me down after that heated exchange . 
 if i ever do kiss laken again , i know for a fact it will be electric . 
 i damn near fell to the ground and kissed her feet for the simple act of being near me . 
 i thought for sure once wes copped to remembering everything , she 'd run fast and hard the hell away from me , give me the finger if i ever dared step in her path . 
 but she did n't . 
 laken still feels something for me . 
 her bones vibrated their love right into mine . 
 i could feel it . 
 a pair of headlights speed over as a truck pulls into the spot next to me and stops just inches from taking out my kneecaps . 
 the lights die , and the driver 's door opens . 
 speaking of the douche . 
 wes nods over as laken 's brother , fletch , jumps out of the passenger 's side . 
 `` what 's up , coop ? '' 
 fletch socks me in the arm as he makes his way inside . 
 `` be there in a sec , '' wes calls out , his range rover still warm from the drive as i lean against his grill . 
 `` you here to help me take out the trash ? '' 
 i toss the plastic sacks over the dumpster wall and listen as they give a soft whoosh . 
 `` i guess you could say that . '' 
 wes nods me over to the shadowed part of the structure . 
 `` i spoke to edinger today . '' 
 my heart lurches because i 'm afraid he may have let wes in on our little deal . 
 a game of keep laken the hell away from wes or you suffer in the tunnels for all eternity . 
 `` and what ? '' 
 i flip the hand towel off my shoulder . 
 `` you need me to tutor you in lit ? '' 
 i 'm only half-teasing . 
 `` i need you to help me find his son . 
 edinger says he 'll let whoever the hell we want out of tenebrous as long as we bring him home . '' 
 `` edinger 's son , huh ? '' 
 i shake my head at the idea . 
 `` first i 'm hearing about it . '' 
 `` you think we can find him ? '' 
 wes heaves it out as if he just sprinted around the block . 
 `` hell , yes , i think we can find him . 
 as long as he 's alive-he 's as good as here . '' 
 i study wes as his expression grows dim . 
 `` so what are you keeping from me ? '' 
 wes takes in a breath , and his chest expands the size of a football field . 
 `` he said he needed his son to serve . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know what the f ** k it means , dude . 
 it all sounds too easy . 
 find some poor kid who has the misfortune of being related to edinger and throw him into the lion 's den ? 
 he said he 'd let them walk out of the tunnels just like that . '' 
 `` it almost sounds too good to be true . 
 most likely means it is . '' 
 i run my fingers through my hair . 
 `` i 'll start digging around tonight . 
 my dad might know something . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to tell laken . '' 
 `` why the hell not ? '' 
 if it 's one thing wes likes it 's to be in control of every damn detail . 
 `` i do n't keep things from laken . 
 that 's your job . '' 
 i turn to head back in , and wes spins me around by the shoulder . 
 `` you do n't f ** king say a word , dude . 
 you got that ? '' 
 there 's a fire in his eyes i 've never seen before . 
 `` if this is some trap , like i have a feeling it is , there 's no way in hell i 'm putting her in any more danger than she 's already in . '' 
 edinger and danger go hand-in-hand . 
 if ever there were a dangerous f ** ker it 's edinger . 
 `` done . '' 
 i take a step back and hold up my hands . 
 `` i wo n't say a word . '' 
 i head back into the restaurant . 
 it 's going to suck keeping this from laken . 
 we 're a team-only now we 're sort of not . 
 fucking wes . 
 what the hell-i 'll probably tell laken . 
 inside , the place finally dies down with the exception of the ephemeralites in the back . 
 i keep stealing glances at laken . 
 wes has his arm around her like a vise . 
 he has n't wiped that shit-eating grin off his face ever since he sat down . 
 every now and again i catch her glancing my way , and my heart does a backflip . 
 i clear out my last table before heading over and refilling their drinks . 
 `` take a seat , '' grayson offers , scooting her chair into kresley to make room . 
 `` yeah , coop . '' 
 carter motions me over . 
 `` you work way too hard . 
 all work and no play makes coop a dull boy . '' 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think carter was flirting but i do know better , and that 's just carter twenty-four seven . 
 she 's got it hot for fletch who 's all but pulled her into his lap . 
 laken nods into the idea , her eyes widening as if personally inviting me to stay . 
 `` i guess i got a sec . '' 
 i yank a seat from a nearby table and belly up with the rest of them . 
 `` coop is anything but dull . '' 
 grayson runs her fingers through my hair , and suddenly i regret sitting next to her like an obedient child . 
 `` especially underneath the sheets . '' 
 crap . 
 grayson bites down over her swollen lip , and the memory of where she once put those hot pink disasters filters through me . 
 i 'm still not sure what i was doing screwing around with her . 
 she never was my type . 
 the problem was , my dick did n't really care at the time . 
 laken laces her napkin between her fingers and pretends not to notice the x-rated conversation going on around her . 
 kresley taps the side of her glass with a knife . 
 `` any hope of a round two ? '' 
 she sweeps her devious gaze from grayson to me . 
 `` i think you make a mighty cute pair . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know ... '' carter winks over at me . 
 `` i 've always pictured coop with someone a little more demure , more of a caramel blonde with loose waves , eyes that look as though they can see right through you . 
 sort of a pensive , braniac who does n't take crap from anyone . '' 
 a sly smile plays on my lips , but i wo n't give it . 
 carter just described laken to a t. grayson leans her shoulder so far into me until it 's a struggle not to fall out of my seat . 
 `` i 'm a little braniac . '' 
 she shoots a look to carter . 
 `` do n't you think so , coop ? '' 
 `` yes , you are . '' 
 i use the opportunity to scoot away a few inches . 
 `` so , winter formal is right around the corner . '' 
 kres bats her lashes at wes as if she had a chance . 
 if she has n't already gotten the memo , wesley 's hard-on is safely pointed in laken 's direction . 
 i should know . 
 no one would like to see wes and kresley get back together than me . 
 `` i think maybe we should go , wes . '' 
 she has the balls to ask him right here in front of her friends-in front of laken . 
 `` i miss all those good times we used to share . 
 if it 's one thing we were good at , it was lighting up the sheets . '' 
 the color bleeds from laken 's cheeks while wes brews a fire in his eyes . 
 kres lit a very short fuse , and now i 'm feeling fortunate to have taken a load off just in time to enjoy the fireworks . 
 `` wesley 's going with me , '' laken says it sharp like a threat , and i 'm back to regretting ever sitting down . 
 the last thing i want to do is witness laken standing up for her man , especially since it 's not me . 
 fletch knocks carter 's arm from beneath her . 
 `` we should light up some sheets . '' 
 `` like tonight . '' 
 carter belts out a laugh . 
 `` who the hell wants to wait for winter formal ? 
 you are taking me , right ? '' 
 `` only if you 're nice-or should i say naughty ? '' 
 he leans over and gifts her with a sloppy kiss that leaves his tongue bobbing in and out of her mouth . 
 crap . 
 i can never unsee that . 
 `` how about you , coop ? '' 
 kres continues her anal probe into my love life . 
 `` who 's on the menu for winter formal ? 
 grayson does n't have anyone set in stone yet . 
 maybe the four of us could double date like old times ? 
 you and gray , me and wes . '' 
 she slits laken 's throat with that look she gives her . 
 `` in your dreams . '' 
 laken drips the words out , slow like honey . 
 `` coop 's probably going stag . '' 
 wes lifts his glass to me as if he 's envious before knocking back his tea and chewing on the ice . 
 `` i 'll pitch for the limo this time . '' 
 grayson is quick to sweeten the pot . 
 `` i 've got a little black dress , if you 've got a black suit . '' 
 `` that i do - '' laken takes in a breath before i can finish . 
 `` he 's not going to the winter formal with you , grayson . '' 
 she spits it out like rusty nails , and everyone at the table ceases to breathe for a moment . 
 `` calm down . 
 shit , laken . '' 
 fletch cuts his hand through the air . 
 `` who the f ** k cares who flanders bags on formal nights ? 
 you 've got a boyfriend . 
 show some respect . '' 
 laken glares at her brother . 
 daggers shoot from her eyes as she silently tells him to shut the hell up and mind his own damn business . 
 nobody moves . 
 `` i care . '' 
 laken lifts her chin in my direction . 
 holy hell . 
 there goes any hope of wes feeling like he 's number one in her life . 
 although right about now i really do n't give a shit . 
 instead , a slow smile bleeds from me unstoppable . 
 `` i guess i get wes . '' 
 kresley 's jaw roots to the table . 
 `` sorry , kresley , but wes is going to the winter formal with me . '' 
 laken says it without taking her eyes off mine . 
 `` and grayson , i wo n't waste my breath with an apology . 
 coop is n't going to winter formal with you . '' 
 `` and why 's that ? '' 
 grayson growls it out , low and dark like a demon . 
 `` do you honestly expect him to stay home and wallow after you ? '' 
 `` he wo n't have to . 
 because he 's going to be my date . '' 
 laken 's features soften . 
 her lips curl with the hint of a smile . 
 `` i 'm taking both coop and wes to winter formal . 
 and if anyone does n't like it , they 're welcome to kiss my shiny white ass . '' 
 my lips twitch because for a moment i envision myself doing exactly that . 
 kresley lifts a finger . 
 `` check please . '' 
 wes glares into me . 
 he 's rearranging my body parts , figuring out ways to kill me and make it look like an accident , maybe even set up good old grayson . 
 her father 's an attorney . 
 she would n't rot in prison . 
 wes huffs a silent laugh as if he heard me . 
 his lips never bother with a smile . 
 this is going to be a winter formal for the record books , and i for one am very , very happy . 
 i look right into laken 's beautiful eyes-the color of the western sky-the color of hope . 
 i love you , i tell her , and she nods with a content smile as if she heard every word . 
 laken and i are way past words . 
 i get laken in the end . 
 i think i already have her . 
 mostly . 
 wesley a week blinks by blanketed in a choking fog , while i expend myself wrapping both laken and me in the memories from the past . 
 i asked if after the game tonight we could hit charity lake . 
 i 've been saving our special outing for just this night since after most games the whole school gets together and parties-especially when it 's the last game of the season . 
 but it 's not some party i 'm trying to protect laken from , it 's cooper flanders . 
 all week i 've filled her every free moment with walks , dinner , studying together in the library after we finish our shifts . 
 i made sure there was n't a moment to spare , not one free second where coop could stick his foot in the door and clog our relationship with his presence . 
 laken and i are golden and that 's exactly how it 's going to remain . 
 i shoot a look across the football field as bodies mingle at random like a swarm of disorganized ants . 
 the game just wrapped up , and the cheerleaders are still huddled around the team . 
 ephemeral 's all hopped up after its first victory in a month . 
 coop came in and saved the day during that last play , so , of course , he 's getting the lion 's share of attention . 
 but i watch laken like a hawk as she maintains a ten-foot clearance from him at all times . 
 this does n't sit well with me . 
 it 's as if they 're purposefully keeping a safe distance , and that alone sets off a red flag . 
 freaking coop , always trying to stay three steps ahead of me , and f ** king succeeding . 
 `` what 's got you by the balls ? '' 
 fletch knocks his shoulder into mine , and in the process , i lose track of laken . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i growl it out as a white cloud emits from my mouth . 
 `` i think i 'm going to take laken over to charity and hang out a bit . 
 check me off at curfew , and do n't wait up , sweetheart . '' 
 in the past fletch has given me a heads up when he 's not coming home , and i 'd check him in downstairs , so he 's not reported as a no-show . 
 `` you 're shitting me , right ? '' 
 he squints it out good and pissed . 
 i knew this was n't going to end well . 
 when i was dating kres and we pulled off a few all-nighters away from campus , fletch had no trouble covering for me . 
 `` dude , you owe me . 
 let 's leave it at that . '' 
 `` i know , man , but come on . 
 this is my f ** king sister . ' '' 
 he knocks his hand into my chest as if i should forget the idea . 
 `` and , believe me , there will be no f ** king my sister . 
 you got that ? '' 
 he stuffs his hands in his pocket and stares off straight ahead . 
 `` look , i know for a fact you 're waiting for carter just like i 'm waiting for laken . 
 and , i know for a fact you 're planning on getting laid tonight . 
 i do n't see why the math is so different when my dick is involved . '' 
 `` you 're a freaking idiot . '' 
 fletch takes a step back , incredulous i had the balls to go there , and , in truth , i 'm a little surprised myself . 
 `` look , if you do n't want to do it , i 'll have someone else . 
 hell , it 's probably blaine in charge tonight . 
 i 'll drop him a text before i take off . '' 
 `` you think i 'm going to let you go to some deserted , freezing lake and take advantage of my sister ? 
 dude , you 're insane . '' 
 fletch takes off into the crowd , and i follow quickly losing him in the mass of stray bodies . 
 i spot coop and carter over by the gym and sprint in that direction . 
 `` good game . '' 
 i offer the two of them a respective high five . 
 i used to play football . 
 i used to dominate that field . 
 i 'm not sure why the counts chose to obliterate that part of my existence . 
 i could have kicked coop 's ass on and off the field , and it would have been a pleasure . 
 the counts stole so much , and yet they more than generously made up for it in creature comforts . 
 i have n't spoken to jones yet about any of this bullshit , but we 're driving down for the afternoon tomorrow , and i plan on shocking the hell out of him with the revelation . 
 i want a lot of answers . 
 speaking of which . 
 laken jumps up onto my back before i can ask coop anything . 
 i 've been checking in with him sporadically throughout the week to see if he 's had any breakthroughs in solving edinger 's paternity problems but nothing . 
 `` great game , '' laken says it to both coop and carter at the same time . 
 fletch comes up and tackle hugs carter . 
 `` you hanging out at melville tonight ? '' 
 coop asks me as laken drifts off with carter and fletch . 
 odd . 
 for a girl who announced she 's taking the two of us to winter formal , she sure is evasive when it comes to her `` other boyfriend '' as kresley put it . 
 maybe she 's thinking of axing her dual dating plans for the big dance . 
 god knows , i 'd like nothing more . 
 `` nah . '' 
 i smile over at her as carter drills into her ear a million miles an hour . 
 `` i think maybe laken and i will take off on our own . '' 
 i shoot a hard look over at good , old coop . 
 `` have a private celebration if you know what i mean . '' 
 his eyes widen before reverting , and he shrugs it off as if it were no big deal . 
 `` have a good time , man . '' 
 he slaps me some skin as if he were cheering me on . 
 the next thing you know , he 'll be whipping out a condom and wishing me good luck . 
 but i 'm not buying it . 
 `` you get any leads ? '' 
 i clench my jaw because just watching him pretend like he does n't care about my postgame plans is ticking me off . 
 it 's not natural . 
 and if he were smarter , he 'd play this game a little different because it 's too damn easy to read what 's going on . 
 coop glances over my shoulder at laken , but her back is turned to the two of us , and he looks disappointed as shit . 
 there you go . 
 now that 's a little more believable . 
 `` i 'll be heading to the transfer soon . 
 i plan on shaking down the hag . 
 see if she knows anything . '' 
 the hag is some f ** ked-up chick named ezrina-a celestra doing time in the counts dungeon . 
 she 's a lifer , so she may not care about ratting anyone out , especially not demetri . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 i tick my head over to laken . 
 `` does she know ? '' 
 coop looks me right in the eye and shakes his head just barely . 
 `` good . 
 i appreciate it , man . 
 the whole point is to keep her safe . '' 
 fletch comes over and lands his hand on my shoulder , heavy as a basket of bricks . 
 `` melville . 
 let 's do it . 
 the girls are in . 
 you in , coop ? '' 
 `` i 'm there . '' 
 he holds out his hands , his fingers still hanging onto his helmet . 
 `` you guys have fun . 
 i think i 'll head out with laken . 
 we 'll catch dinner and movie . '' 
 i glare into fletch . 
 `` trust me , we 'll have a perfectly boring time . '' 
 there 's no way i 'm even hinting at the fact that i might be bedding his sister . 
 i was stupid to say anything in the first place . 
 `` no can do . '' 
 fletch plucks a water bottle from his jacket and downs it . 
 `` i 'm keeping an eye on that little girl tonight . 
 she wo n't be doing any private cheers for anyone , so you can put your dick away . '' 
 coop cracks a smile then quickly quells any hint of joy that was ready to take over . 
 i shoot a look to fletch . 
 `` you 're not my keeper , dude . '' 
 laken bounces over with carter and wraps her arms around my waist without hesitating . 
 `` no '' - he growls - `` but i 'm her keeper , and i say she stays on campus , right f ** king next to me where i can keep an eye on both her and her legs . '' 
 coop flinches like he was just hit . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 laken pulls back mortified that we 're even implying her virginity is at stake . 
 then that dull ache settles in my stomach when i remember that she gave it away to tucker donovan months after the counts had me moved . 
 there 's another reason i 'd like to ring someone 's neck . 
 there had to be a better way to do this . 
 `` it 's about nothing . '' 
 i drop a kiss over her cheek . 
 `` ready to hit the road ? '' 
 `` laken , '' fletch barks it out . 
 `` you 're not leaving my sight tonight . 
 i want you at melville . 
 you got that ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 she mock salutes him before breaking out in a string of giggles . 
 `` i 'm not kidding . 
 you think i 'm going to be able to sleep tonight knowing you 're letting this idiot defile you like that . '' 
 laken 's cheeks redden under the white-hot floodlights . 
 `` wes , what have you been saying ? '' 
 she pulls back like she 's ready to deck me . 
 `` swear to god , all i said was that we were hitting charity . '' 
 i hold up my hands . 
 `` and '' - fletch sticks his hand in my stomach - `` the fact you wanted me to check you in . '' 
 `` nobody 's checking anybody in . '' 
 laken injects herself between her brother and me . 
 `` we 'll hang out at charity , and we 'll come right back . 
 besides '' - she looks up at me lovingly with those crystal cut eyes - `` i 've been looking forward to some alone time with my boyfriend all week . '' 
 she did n't hesitate with the words . 
 she did n't look at coop once . 
 my stomach pinches with both relief and agony . 
 would laken stoop so low to pretend to want me ? 
 doubt it . 
 she 's just as thrilled as i am that we 're back together . 
 her only objection to the counts is the fact they 've taken her family . 
 i think having me on board with her rescue operation , the fact i can finally remember a past that i once pegged as fictitious-has defused any power coop had over her . 
 at the end of the day it 's me that laken wants-she always has . 
 `` see you guys later . '' 
 i bury a kiss over her head as we walk toward the student parking lot . 
 `` thank you , '' i whisper as i wrap my arm around her tight . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 she gives my ribs a tickle . 
 a genuine smile rides low on her lips . 
 `` for loving me . '' 
 laken pulls me to a stop and takes up both my hands . 
 her gaze burrows into mine as her breathing steadies . 
 `` i will love you until the day i die , wesley parker . 
 and you do n't have to ever think otherwise . '' 
 laken presses up on her tiptoes and lands her lips over mine . 
 her tongue explodes in my mouth as if it were trying to rescue me , pull me out of a burning building by way of her love . 
 my body melts into hers , and we stand there for what feels like hours pouring our love into one another in the best way we know how . 
 i 'll love you until the day i die , too , laken-and then forever after that . 
 the moon sits high over charity lake , casting its velvet spotlight over the vicinity . 
 there 's a clearing over by the north shore , and i start a fire . 
 `` a fire , huh ? '' 
 laken lays out the bevy of blankets we 've brought and pulls back the top few as if turning down a bed . 
 `` for one , i thought it 'd keep us toasty . '' 
 i 'd be lying if i did n't say it was colder than shit . 
 perhaps this was n't my brightest idea . 
 `` and secondly '' - i give a wry smile - `` it spooks the spectators . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 she lies back , relaxing her head on a makeshift pillow she made out of my jacket . 
 `` so they hate open flames ? 
 sort of like frankenstein . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i give a little laugh . 
 `` sort of like frankenstein . '' 
 i drop down next to her and pull her into my lap . 
 laken 's been so relaxed around me all week . 
 i do n't remember a single minute since she 's been at ephemeral that she 's been so comfortable with me . 
 `` remember going camping up by wallace creek ? '' 
 the more i pepper our conversations with the past , the more responsive she is , so i keep doing it . 
 of course , i have n't let my guard down when it comes to my thoughts . 
 i 'm not there yet , and neither is she . 
 that 's okay . 
 there 's a reason the good lord did n't give us each a sixth sense especially when it comes to telepathy . 
 sometimes we need our own private space , and it just so happens that our mind is where he drew the line . 
 `` wallace creek . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` you would fill notebooks just sketching out the birds . '' 
 `` remember the fox ? '' 
 i give her arms a squeeze before touching my lips to hers . 
 `` the one that almost bit me ? 
 and you said i had rabies for a week ? 
 yeah , i remember . '' 
 she shakes her head at the thought . 
 `` wes ? '' 
 she twists into me , landing her legs around my back . 
 my dick perks to attention because the most intimate part of her is touching the most intimate part of me , and it wholeheartedly approves . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i trace her lips out with my tongue , and a moan gurgles from her throat . 
 `` what had fletch morphing into a human chastity belt ? '' 
 she tilts into me . 
 `` did you tell him something was going to happen between us tonight ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i swear , i would never say that to your brother . '' 
 i twist my lips to the side . 
 `` i may have heavily implied it . '' 
 `` wes ! '' 
 she swats me over the chest with a bubbling laugh . 
 `` you 're a dirty dog , you know that ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i slip my hands up her sweater and tweak my brows . 
 `` but that 's not what i wanted tonight to be about . 
 i swear to you . 
 i wanted to be near you-hold you and tell you how damn beautiful i think you are until you could n't see straight . '' 
 i drop a kiss over her nose . 
 `` then i wanted to hold you and watch you sleep . 
 i swear , laken . 
 i did n't plan on catching a wink . '' 
 i hold up a hand as if i were a boy scout . 
 `` i just wanted to watch over you all night long . '' 
 `` wes , '' she breathes my name , and not a sound comes out . 
 `` that 's the most beautiful thing i have ever heard in my life . '' 
 `` i want you , laken . 
 i wo n't lie . 
 but i want everything with you . 
 and when the time is right , i want to do that , too . '' 
 i glance down at her cheer uniform . 
 her legs are prickled with goose bumps , so i wrap a blanket around the two of us . 
 `` i want you , too , wes . '' 
 her eyes moisten with tears . 
 her lips quiver . 
 `` you 're the other part of me . 
 when you came back-when you remembered-it was as if my heart was made whole again . '' 
 her gaze falls to my chest . 
 `` wes ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 i lean back as her body molds to mine , warm and soft , and i drink down the sweet scent of her perfume . 
 `` are you mad at the counts for everything they 've done ? '' 
 `` hell , yes . '' 
 my head ticks back an inch . 
 `` i 'm pissed that they have your family hostage . 
 i want them back as much as you do . '' 
 `` are you upset they rearranged our lives ? '' 
 her fingers zigzag down my chest , and my dick starts to rouse from its slumber . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i shake my head looking past her into the forest . 
 `` i mean , i want to know where my mom is , but , other than that , you 're my family , and you 're here with me now . 
 we have wealth beyond imagination , laken . '' 
 i bear into her , pleading for her to understand . 
 `` back home i could n't afford to change the tires on my truck . 
 i was probably one good blowout from a real casket . '' 
 i brush my thumb over her cheek . 
 `` here we can live long satisfying lives-prosperous-educated . 
 we have powers beyond our wildest imagination , laken . 
 back home we were destined to a life of poverty and hardship . '' 
 `` so you think the counts did us a favor ? '' 
 her voice drops to its lower register . 
 `` i do n't know if i 'd go that far . '' 
 i lean back on my hands , and laken sits high on my lap as if she were riding me . 
 i let the imagery soak in for a minute-laken naked with her hair falling over her shoulders , her head swaying back and forth with pleasure . 
 `` it 's not right , holding people against their will , '' her voice breaks when she says it . 
 `` they 're nothing but a group of bastards , and i want to make sure each one of them pays . '' 
 `` shh . '' 
 i touch my finger to her lips . 
 trust me , if they wanted to listen in they could . 
 i give a sad smile because i 'm pretty sure she heard . 
 laken gives a slow nod . 
 they 're the reason the spectators are the way they are , wes . 
 they experimented on innocent celestra . 
 they did this horrible thing to thousands , maybe millions of people . 
 they 're beasts , through and through . 
 how about we focus on us ? 
 a slow smile cinches up my face . 
 wes and laken , just like the old days . 
 a wave of grief comes over me , and i shake my head . 
 i 'm so damn sorry i did n't believe you . 
 you did n't know . 
 `` please , laken . 
 do n't leave me . '' 
 there . 
 if i was at all afraid i was going to come off like a pu ** y tonight , now i 'm sure of it , and i really do n't care . 
 `` let me love you every single day . 
 he 's not the one for you . '' 
 done . 
 every word i wish to god i had never said just spilled out like a sea of secrets my soul was too weak to keep . 
 at least i did n't say his name . 
 i put coop in a jar and did n't take the lid off . 
 he 's like a freaking apparition . 
 say his name , and you can conjure him right here in the flesh . 
 laken bites down on her bottom lip . 
 a single tear rolls down her cheek like a star dropping from the tired sky . 
 `` i promise you , wes , i 'm right here . 
 we 're back . '' 
 she wipes a tear from my cheek that i did n't know had fallen . 
 `` i just need all of you . 
 no more secrets , no more lies . 
 and , most importantly , i need to know you 're on my side . '' 
 `` as far as i 'm concerned , there is no other side . '' 
 true as god . 
 `` we 're together , and not a damn thing or person is going to keep us apart . '' 
 i crash my lips over hers , and she gives a soft moan that sounds sweeter than any other sound on the planet . 
 as long as you love me , that 's all i need . 
 i run my hands up her sweater and warm her back . 
 i 'm glad you feel that way because by the time we 're done with the counts that might be all we have left . 
 laken channels her anger toward the countenance into a steady stream of violent kisses , urgent and hungry . 
 the counts can be a fuel for a lot of things , a stepping-stone , the helping hand in life we need . 
 once we get her family back she 'll see the light . 
 the counts are a necessary evil-something we 'll both be grateful for in the long run . 
 after all , it 's who we are . 
 and to deny them would be to deny ourselves . 
 it 's never going to happen . 
 there are some things laken and i can never change , and that 's one of them . 
 the count 's are n't all bad . 
 we 're living proof . 
 4 do n't you come around here no more laken melville house is thumping and pumping . 
 the windows pulsate in rhythm to the bass as bodies stream in and out of the front doors . 
 it looks as if every student on campus has shown up to support the team-including wes and me . 
 `` wow , looks like everyone 's pretty psyched about the win , '' i say as wes leads us inside . 
 `` last game is always a big deal . '' 
 he warms my lips with a kiss . 
 wes settles those solemn spring-colored eyes over mine , and my heart swims because i really do have my wesley back . 
 `` i 'd better go check in with fletch . 
 i have a feeling he 's wrinkling the sheets with carter . 
 i 'll run over to henderson and be right back . '' 
 he nods over to jen and blaine making out as if they were the ones in high school , never mind the fact they 're both at trinity u , working here part time as the keeper of the carnal gates . 
 it looks like things are about to get carnal all right . 
 ironic that both my siblings are getting down and dirty while wes and i have to keep on the straight and narrow . 
 i let that last thought slip through and glance up at wes wide-eyed and innocent , pleased that he heard . 
 `` you think you 're ready for that ? '' 
 wes scoops me into his arms and presses his stomach against mine . 
 cooper catches my eye from the side while talking to a bunch of guys from the team , and i pretend not to notice . 
 i hold up my thoughts , easy as holding up a burning building . 
 one of these days i 'm going to crumble under the weight of it all , and my thoughts are going to come crashing around wes and me like level five rapids . 
 our relationship might drown if that happens , and i 'd die if it did . 
 in every real way , i still need wes . 
 `` i 'm getting close . '' 
 i burrow my gaze into him . 
 `` i think i 've waited my whole life for that . 
 i think we both have . '' 
 wes leans into me with a kiss . 
 his mind opens , murky at first then clear and light as if it were a dark cave , and he had invited in the sun . 
 wes shows me an image of a couple lying on top of dark sheets-two vanilla bodies writhing over one another . 
 i recognize that dark-haired boy with his body of chiseled marble , hands as wide as baseball mitts as they travel down familiar thighs , mine . 
 i pull back , panting . 
 `` wes . '' 
 a smile comes uninvited to my lips . 
 `` i 'd say get your mind out of the gutter , but i sort of like it . '' 
 i look down because coop is in the room , and i want nothing more than for the sparkling chandelier hanging up above to fall on my head . 
 wes puts his lips to my ear . 
 `` i can teach you to feel through your mind , laken . 
 we can be with one another that way far before we ever are with our bodies if that 's what you want . 
 but i 'd be lying if i said i did n't want the real thing . 
 i 'm going to die when i 'm inside of you . '' 
 my stomach plummets like a stone . 
 my toes curl , and my breathing picks up pace because a very real part of me wants this . 
 `` hang out . '' 
 he nods toward jen who 's now alone by the fireplace . 
 `` i 'd better find fletch before he goes after my balls . '' 
 `` hurry , '' i say as he takes off . 
 i watch as wes weaves through bodies before sailing out the door , and i walk over to the fireplace , warming myself , staring into the flames-contemplating the leap because i ca n't believe who i 've become . 
 here it is , my nightmare realized . 
 wes has finally given me his heart . 
 i have him back , and yet all i keep thinking about is coop and how much it hurts to stay away from him . 
 after that night at maria 's , coop decided we stepped a little too close to the flames , and we should play a genuine game of keep away . 
 it 's my job to convince wes that that we 're real , and now i 'm afraid we are-we 've always been . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 jen wraps an arm around me and pulls me in . 
 she 's so beautiful with her milky blonde hair , her pale eyes that glow with the flames . 
 she cuts a quick look across the room . 
 `` this is about cooper , is n't it ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 a groan dispels from me at how easy she pegged it . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` because '' - she gives me a firm squeeze , the scent of her gardenia perfume threatens to choke me out of the vicinity - `` sometimes a sister just knows . 
 how are things with you and wes ? '' 
 her lips tug down as if she 's already surmised the answer for herself . 
 `` better than ever . '' 
 tears sting my eyes , and i take a hard sniff . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . '' 
 it 's a very big f ** king deal , but i 'm not about to go into the complicated logistics on how i accidentally fell in love with two guys . 
 `` anyway , i think i 'll run some water over my face and get a drink . 
 wes will be back in a sec . '' 
 `` i 'll come with you . '' 
 jen leads me to the kitchen , and we smack right into jax and her bookend , fallon . 
 `` girls . '' 
 jen averts her eyes as she says it while trying to navigate around her nemesis . 
 `` watch where you 're going , bitch . '' 
 jax pushes jen a good ten feet back . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 a surge of anger ripples through me . 
 it 's as if everything that was wrong in my world , everything that the count 's had done to me and my loved ones , the fact that i was suddenly in love with both coop and wes had culminated into a perfect storm of rage , and jax easton just so happened to be on the receiving end . 
 `` you just messed with my family on the wrong f ** king night . '' 
 i pull her in by the hair , and she lands on her ass in the common room . 
 someone in the background shouts , girl fight ! 
 jax and i pull and kick , teeth are employed to do their ass-kicking civic duty , fingernails are enlisted to scrape long bloodied tracts into flesh . 
 i pull clumps of her hair out while jamming my fist into her jaw . 
 a pair of strong arms pluck me off the floor , but i still manage to land a few good kicks to her thigh . 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 i scream with all of the pent up aggression i have toward the counts . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm seeing jax easton in this moment-or that i 'm even mildly cognizant of the fact she 's the victim of my delirium . 
 `` i 'm going to hack you up into little pieces if you ever touch my little sister again ! '' 
 it roars from me with a vengeance . 
 a small titter of laughter streams from behind then an applause . 
 `` i said , little , '' i pant under my breath at the realization . 
 it was lacey i was referencing-the fact the counts keep violating her neck in hopes to empower themselves with the blood from her marrow . 
 it 's like i ca n't control myself or my thoughts anymore . 
 the strong arms drag me to the kitchen where the air is stale with a strange brand of silence . 
 gone is the noise from the party . 
 the music filters through the walls until it sounds like driving rain . 
 i wish it were . 
 i wish the entire damn world was drowning in it so everyone on the planet could feel my pain-feel how desperate i had become to help those that i love survive . 
 a pair of hands land over my cheeks and pull my face up forcing me to look at him . 
 coop . 
 `` it 's over , '' he whispers . 
 i do n't hesitate . 
 i wrap my arms around him and hang on for dear life . 
 `` i miss you . '' 
 it comes out in a bite of pain . 
 jen comes barreling into the kitchen . 
 `` are you insane ? 
 and you 're hurt ! '' 
 jen rushes to the freezer and pulls out an icepack . 
 coop helps me sit at the table , and it 's only then i notice my body is sore as shit . 
 `` it looks like jax got a few good kicks in , too . '' 
 i touch my lips , and the entire left side of my face feels numb . 
 jen looks up at coop , her eyes widen a moment . 
 `` um , why do n't you walk laken back to austen house . 
 i 'll tell wes what happened once he gets back . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 coop looks down and shakes his head as if it went against everything he stood for . 
 `` please , '' it croaks out of me . 
 his cheek glides up one side as he pulls me to my feet and wraps my arm around his shoulders . 
 `` only because you asked so nice . '' 
 jen gives a sad nod as coop gently leads me out the backdoor . 
 in her own way , jen wanted to give me this time alone with coop . 
 i owe her one . 
 we step outside into the cool , night air , the mist clings to our bodies like a tribe of lost children . 
 the scent of dirt and pines mingle with the wind , intoxicating , as if it 's casting some primal spell over us , and it makes me feel heady . 
 coop navigates us to the lip of the woods where the moon does n't dare shine its light , and not a soul will spot us . 
 i pull him into the forest and thread us in past the first few trees until we 're caged in by the evergreens , nothing but the sound of our beating hearts , our erratic breathing . 
 `` coop . '' 
 i jump up and land my legs around his waist , rubbing my cheek over his at a quickened pace because it 's taking far more resistance than i have in me to keep from kissing him . 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore . '' 
 `` we 're almost there . '' 
 his breath rakes over me like a fire . 
 coop holds me against him with his strong arms , his lips grazing over my ear with a burst of passion that lets me know he wants me in far more erotic ways than a simple kiss can provide . 
 `` everything is moving in the right direction . 
 we just need to get our families back . 
 we 're at the doorstep , laken . 
 you have to believe me . '' 
 `` any news on who demetri 's son might be ? '' 
 coop told me all about it that first night , and wes has yet to breathe a word . 
 it would figure . 
 `` no . '' 
 coop pulls back and takes me in with a pronounced sadness . 
 `` wes thinks he 's protecting you . '' 
 `` but you know how strong i am . '' 
 a smile cinches up his cheek . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` i get it . '' 
 i nod because i really do understand wesley 's need to keep me safe . 
 `` but what he does n't know is that i 'm far safer with knowledge than i ever am in the dark . '' 
 i touch my fingers to coop 's perfect lips . 
 `` you knew that from the beginning . '' 
 a silent laugh thumps in his chest . 
 `` i did . '' 
 coop never takes his eyes from mine . 
 `` let 's get you back to austen house before he beats us to your bedroom . '' 
 i cinch my arms around his neck and pull him in close until his lips are just inches from mine . 
 `` i do n't want to go . '' 
 `` this is too tempting . '' 
 he shakes his head just enough as if having me in such close proximity were making him insane . 
 `` i need to get you back to your room , laken . 
 i think we 're headed down a road we 'll both regret . '' 
 `` i could never regret anything with you , coop . '' 
 the words bleed from my throat , raw and painful . 
 in a lot of ways life was easier with wes still lost in the counts ' delusions . 
 coop and i were just about to cross that threshold and officially take our relationship to a whole new level before wes went off in our faces like a bomb . 
 we 're still reeling from the blast . 
 the fallout was far more painful than i could have ever imagined . 
 in a way it 's ironic because i wanted this very thing to happen , for wes to remember everything . 
 but deep down i did n't think it would happen so quickly , if ever . 
 coop nods as if he heard every word , and i know he did . 
 `` when you were in my room last month you said something to me that i thought was wise and noble . 
 you said you did n't want to be that girl that ran around kissing two different boys . '' 
 his jaw clenches as he swallows hard . 
 `` i think it 's partly my responsibility to help you keep your word . 
 do n't get me wrong , it guts me to think of you with wes but i get it . 
 he was your past . 
 you fell in love with him again the minute you saw him at ephemeral . 
 laken i know you still have very strong feelings for wes . 
 i know there 's a place in your heart where wes will live forever . '' 
 his eyes close for a moment as he takes a deep breath . 
 `` we may never be together . 
 that 's just reality . '' 
 he drills those pencil grey eyes into mine and my body solidifies cold as ice , afraid to hear what he might say next . 
 `` i 'm just here to help you , laken . 
 think of me as a friend-nothing else . '' 
 and there it is . 
 cooper flanders is severing all emotional ties with me . 
 he speared my heart out with his tongue and held it up to the night sky like some morbid offering . 
 if cooper flanders set out to break my heart tonight , he met his goal . 
 i was wrong . 
 the counts did n't kill me on the inside . 
 cooper did . 
 cooper the small army of pines stamp around sleepy hollow like overgrown swords spiked into the soil . 
 like some phallic claiming of this piece of land by extraterrestrial beings , a wicked band of creatures hell bent on destroying everything that is good on this planet beginning with the love i feel for laken . 
 i hold my thoughts back like an iron fortress . 
 there 's no way i 'm going to let on that i 'm head over heels , too far gone to ever stop loving her . 
 i need wes to know what laken feels is one hundred percent undiluted , and i know deep down it is . 
 i 'm nothing more than a distraction . 
 it does n't change the fact that once we free our families , i 'm still in it to win it . 
 i want laken 's heart more than i want my next breath . 
 i want every last part of her in the worst way . 
 my swollen palm can attest to that each time i take a shower . 
 `` just friends ? 
 say it 's not true . '' 
 she slides down my body like a pole , her shoulders sagging once her feet hit the ground . 
 `` i can handle what you 're trying to do , i swear it . '' 
 laken pleads with those prism-cut eyes . 
 her lips tremble , desperate to hear the words she longs for me to say . 
 `` do you want to see other people ? '' 
 her mouth opens as if she 's just had a revelation . 
 my gut pinches because , holy hell , i swear i never thought she 'd go in that direction . 
 i should correct her . 
 tell her we 're right at the door of the tunnels , that wes can hear our hearts beating in tune , he 's nobody 's fool , but do n't . 
 maybe if she thinks i 'm into someone else , that will cool the fever between us . 
 a part of me wonders if that 's what wes needs , some concrete reassurance . 
 he 's skittish . 
 he has n't come out and denounced the counts to laken or me , and more than anything that has me rattled . 
 why cave to your captors ? 
 why cling to and adore the ones that chose to play god with your life ? 
 the only thing it could mean is that he 's in too deep . 
 he 's tasted the power , he 's addicted , drunk off it , and now there 's no turning back . 
 `` oh my , god . '' 
 laken lets out a breath of frustration . 
 `` is it grayson ? '' 
 her brows pinch together at the top . 
 `` i thought we had something special . '' 
 her voice cracks . 
 `` you said you loved me . 
 was that just to get into my pants ? 
 because if you say yes , i wo n't believe it . '' 
 `` you and wes have a history . '' 
 that 's it . 
 that 's where i draw the line . 
 i 'm not feeding into any kind of argument laken is brewing because i 'm all too ready to cave . 
 i want to give in , and tell her i just need her to forget about me for a while and play the game the counts thrust us in unwillingly . 
 if edinger wants me to keep laken away from wes then the opposite must be the key . 
 it 's too insane to think edinger-the king of evil-was giving me any kind of good advice , and , furthermore , i 'd be a fool to take it , even though i have . 
 i fell for laken long before he suggested i do . 
 an owl cries in the distance . 
 a lone wolf howls and sets the hair on the back of my neck prickling . 
 but my body and soul are numb from this conversation-a mack truck could run over me , i would n't feel it . 
 this is killing me-this special brand of love i have for laken . 
 sometimes we protect people the way we know best . 
 with wes it 's keeping certain inconsequential facts away from laken , and with me it 's pretending my heart just did a vanishing act when nothing could be further from the truth . 
 if laken were to ever do a little juxtaposition between the two of us , it would be me who hurt her the most . 
 at least wes still has the privilege of telling her he loves her . 
 i never thought i 'd see the day i envy water polo playing , collar popping wesley , but here it is . 
 that day has arrived in spades . 
 `` say it . '' 
 laken slams her fists over my chest . 
 `` tell me that you think we 're not right for each other . '' 
 she takes a step back , panting , while the look of hurt takes over her features . 
 `` oh my , god , '' she whispers , her voice hoarse from the verbal assault . 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 tears moisten her eyes , and i ca n't stand to watch another minute . 
 `` for whatever reason , you 're pushing me toward wes , are n't you ? 
 it looks like the tobias sisters were right-you are shaping up to be an enemy . 
 ironically , the very thing you 're against is you and me . '' 
 she shakes her head just barely , never taking her eyes off mine . 
 `` you bastard . '' 
 laken pushes into my chest with a violent force before bolting out of the woods and straight toward austen house . 
 i step out and lean against the fat trunk of a eucalyptus and watch as a large framed body collides with hers-wes . 
 as much as i hate to admit it , this is wesley 's time to shine . 
 but as soon as we get our loved ones out of those tunnels , wes had better watch his back because it 's game on . 
 a crackle ignites from behind . 
 the snap of a branch lights up the night like the breaking of a bone , and i take a few steps into the forest just waiting for one of those undead bastards to try something . 
 my hand glides into the back of my jeans . 
 i pluck out my pocketknife and jolt it to life with a flick of my wrist . 
 a low-level grunt comes from behind , followed by a moan then a hiss . 
 a pair of eyes glint from the heart of the forest . 
 the moon rains down through the pine needles affording me the view of a partially balding spectator . 
 it treads forward with a pronounced limp . 
 a hump lies over its back making it look like some mutated grizzly . 
 it launches at me at an accelerated rate , and i jump out of its way only to trip over a root and land flat on my ass-the knife slipping from my grasp . 
 the gnarly scent of three-day-old fish clots up the air , and i dry heave as it lunges its mouth toward mine . 
 i hike my knees up in an effort to launch it off my body , but it 's strong as an ox and hungry as one too . 
 i know what its after , and the last thing i 'm going to do is offer up my grey matter like some good old fashioned cure to the constant state of rigor that plagues them . 
 it lets out a wild shriek directly into my ear , and i twist enough to thump my hand over the ground until i slap against the serrated metal i 'm looking for . 
 i pick the blade up by the wrong end and feel a sting as the razor-sharp edge eats through my flesh . 
 the spectator launches onto my throat , and i jerk , losing my grasp on the knife . 
 i can feel its toothless mouth trying to get a bite out of my flesh and employ all of my celestra strength to launch the bastard off , but it 's impossible , like moving a building off its base . 
 the spectator lurches . 
 a tremor moves from its body to mine before it goes limp . 
 a cool liquid runs over my chest and neck . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i bark kicking it the hell away from me only to find a trio of them hovering above . 
 i scoot the hell back and spot my knife spiking out of the corpse , and i 'm quick to pluck it out . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 i slip in the dirt as i try to stand . 
 `` coo ... '' the sturdy one in the middle moans it out . 
 i jump to my feet and back away when i note the dirty-as-hell ephemeral practice jersey on the bastard . 
 `` flynn ? '' 
 he grunts out a series of howls that normally i 'd mistake for aggression , but in this case i 'm pretty sure it 's something just this side of elation . 
 i hold my hand out , and he latches on . 
 dude ! 
 it 's me ! 
 flynn 's voice comes in loud and clear . 
 `` who are the chicks ? '' 
 i nod over at the two spectator sweethearts standing shyly off to the side . 
 hattie and some chick named pepper . 
 we 've been kind of hanging out . 
 too bad for ester . 
 i 'll probably get shit for killing her , but she was going for the jugular , and i have to keep you in fighting shape , man . 
 i need my body back . 
 i do n't know how much more of this shit i can handle . 
 i was boning some chick last week , and my dick nearly cracked off . 
 `` nice . '' 
 i flat line while inspecting the girl to the left who slightly resembles hattie tobias . 
 `` if the tobias sisters were n't pissed before they will be now . 
 what the hell did you take a bite out of her for ? '' 
 she begged me . 
 she said she did n't fit in and that she wanted to be with me . 
 trust me , dude , if i did n't do it there were at least a half dozen guys lined up , ready and willing . 
 she wanted in . 
 she wanted to feel like she belongs . 
 any news on the antidote ? 
 `` funny you should ask , that was my very next stop tonight . '' 
 take me with you . 
 `` not yet . 
 let me see what the sea hag has to say , and if she 's ready and willing , i 'll come find you . 
 stay close . 
 i do n't want to have to globe trot to find your ass . '' 
 will do . 
 i try to pull away , and he yanks me in with the strength of a lion . 
 any news on casper ? 
 i look into his rotting eyes , the look of grief still clear in this dim light . 
 `` no , man . 
 edinger says that if we bring back his son , our loved ones can walk . 
 and i ca n't find a thing out about this mystery child . 
 for all i know he 's long since been six feet under . '' 
 i huff an incredulous laugh . 
 `` maybe that 's it . 
 maybe he knows for a fact we 'll never bring him back because he 's already sitting on a cloud , strumming a harp . '' 
 i 'll ask around . 
 there 're a lot of old timers here that know a lot about the counts . 
 they remember ezrina . 
 they refer to their quasi-massacre as the dark days . 
 `` i do n't blame them . '' 
 i could n't think of anything more appropriate , and now those dark days hover over my own like a tornado waiting to touch down , blow my realty to ruins . 
 a life without laken would leave me dead on the inside . 
 but i would n't survive for long-i could n't , laken has my heart . 
 i step over to hattie and hold out my hand until she wraps her bony , cold fingers over mine . 
 `` you realize your grandmother is going to kill me . '' 
 hattie 's sparse hair is sprayed out like a haystack , her skeletal face already deteriorating with long slivers of flesh missing . 
 sometimes you have to make sacrifices for love . 
 i need flynn . 
 he 's my only friend . 
 it feels good to be near him . 
 i place my other hand over hers and nod . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 hattie grew up in the tunnels , in the infamous tower as a celestra prisoner and knew no love until she came here . 
 unfortunately for her , she latched onto ephemeral 's biggest player . 
 but it 's too late to explain that to her now . 
 i can hear you . 
 she gives a gruesome attempt at a laugh . 
 i 'm a celestra . 
 i have the same powers as you . 
 stay out of trouble , will you ? 
 i pat her on the back as i turn to go . 
 i will . 
 she steps in . 
 are kara and richard okay ? 
 they 're fine . 
 i 'm headed to see them now . 
 the original hattie put me in charge of renewing her little brother and sister to their former undead glory . 
 ezrina agreed to watch over them in the transfer until she got the antidote to resurrect the spectators . 
 but it 's flynn who 's our test subject . 
 so she 'd better nail it the first time . 
 as much as i hate to admit it , i 'm not in a hurry to see him go . 
 hattie pulls me back . 
 and cooper ? 
 yes ? 
 he loves me . 
 good . 
 i look over at flynn with his crooked shoulder and broken dick although i 'll have to take his word for that last part . 
 i hope so . 
 everyone deserves to have someone that loves them . 
 i take off for the boulders up on the ridge , and once i see those overgrown rocks , i sprint twice as fast , straight into the wall of blue granite-straight into the transfer . 
 a shock of white light bleaches out my visual field as i fall to the floor with an unceremonious thud . 
 my body lurches and bucks , as i fight the nausea that sometimes comes with the ride to the flip side . 
 my eyes adjust to the over-bright light as i stumble to my feet in this whitewashed universe . 
 i jog down the glossy corridor of this underworld that 's technically not under anything . 
 it 's in another dimension all together , suspended from time like some lone forgotten planet floating through space . 
 outside these walls sits a dark-sooted world filled with a scarier-than-hell dilapidated mansion , the burnt out streets are populated with the dead from some long forgotten century . 
 i stick my head in door after door , but there 's no sign of the haggard witch . 
 her lab is empty , so i head down a carpeted corridor to a cavernous room loaded with glass caskets-each one of them filled with a body suspended in blue fluid . 
 it 's the count resurrection facility , but , of course , i had n't always known that . 
 i did n't know for sure until laken came along . 
 it 's hard to believe she was here once . 
 floating in one of these tubes , wearing her ezrina-issued wetsuit . 
 `` ezrina ! '' 
 i roar her name out like a battle cry . 
 this place is so large you could easily squeeze in a couple dozen airplane hangars and still have room to park a cruise ship . 
 `` here , '' she says it low , calm as hell , and nothing grates on my nerves more . 
 the longer the counts hold my mother and laken 's family hostage-casper-the longer wes has to bond himself over laken 's heart like some psychotic epoxy . 
 i walk to where she 's seated . 
 her disfigured frame sits hunched over a long , metal bathtub while her hands busy themselves with the project at hand . 
 a bevy of prehistoric tools sit by her side on a metal tray , laid out with meticulous precision . 
 if she 's anything , she 's neat about how she runs this slaughterhouse . 
 `` what 's cooking , good lookin ? '' 
 i peer over her shoulder . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i jump back , knocking over the tray of torture mechanisms and two jugs of purple liquid sitting beside them . 
 a pair of familiar looking corpses lie prone in the tub . 
 the eye from one is missing . 
 the lip on the other is torn up the side as if a fishhook ripped right through it . 
 their fingers are reduced to nubs , both their throats are shredded open with the skin hanging loose in strips , the muscles protruding as if they had been through a cheese grater , and then it all comes together . 
 they were clawing at their throats , their eyes , their mouths . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` did n't work . '' 
 `` what did n't work ? '' 
 ezrina 's been bottling up counts for the better part of a century . 
 i would have sworn she had this down to a morbid science . 
 `` antidote . '' 
 she shakes her head as if she has somehow harnessed the ability to care about these poor souls . 
 `` crap . '' 
 i pat her gently on the back . 
 `` i suggest you stick with the original recipe . 
 you know what they say-if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' 
 i look around at the facility of long dead , forgotten counts and wonder how many of these souls are just as sweet and innocent as laken . 
 `` i think i 'm going to step out and say hi to richard and kara for a minute . 
 when i come back i want you to fill me in on the progress you 're making with the - '' i freeze . 
 everything in me turns brittle as glass . 
 `` antidote ... '' i lock onto her bloodshot , swollen eyes that look as if she has n't slept in ten thousand years . 
 `` ezrina , no . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` yes , '' she says it low . 
 her voice carries like a funeral hymn throughout the facility . 
 she looks down at the two sleeping babes , drowning in lavender solution . 
 `` say hello to richard and kara . '' 
 fuck . 
 wesley on sunday , laken rides shotgun as jen , blaine , and fletch ride out with us to her mother 's birthday party . 
 the anderson estate is an architectural marvel . 
 a limestone structure of the highest quality with its ornate , dual wrought iron stairwells , enough marble and granite to make any mausoleum proud . 
 of course , the only corpse taking up residency in this place is jones , and i 've got one serious f ** king bone to pick with him . 
 laken gets settled in the family room with jen and fletch while joy , the housekeeper slash chef , finishes up with a big sunday brunch . 
 `` i think i 'm going to see what 's holding jones up . '' 
 i give a gentle kiss to laken 's cheek as i head out of the room . 
 it 's her mother 's forty-fifth birthday , and we 've descended like flies to help her celebrate when i 'm pretty sure jones is well aware of the fact she is n't the real deal as far human incubators are concerned , not in any way , shape , or form . 
 i listen to the thump of my own footsteps as i head over to his office and , just as i figured , he 's staring at his laptop , deep in thought , as a voice emanates from the speakers . 
 jones looks over in my direction and raises a brow . 
 `` i 'd better go , '' he says , shutting his laptop in haste . 
 `` i wish i could say i was sorry to interrupt your meeting . '' 
 i let myself in and shut the door . 
 for a moment i contemplate beating the shit out of him just for the hell of it , but the truth is , i 'm exhausted after the drive , so i slump into the cold leather chair and glare at him while channeling all of the hatred i can muster . 
 `` why 'd you do it ? '' 
 i rub my palm into my eye until it feels as if i 'm about to launch it into my skull . 
 he rocks back in his seat with his hard-boiled stare , his thick lips pursed with disapproval . 
 `` traditionally , family members come together to commemorate the day of their birth . 
 it 's called a birthday . 
 most people are just happy to be invited-eat some cake and share some laughs . 
 but i suppose that 's a little too much to ask from you-isn ' t it ? '' 
 he scowls into me as if this must be true . 
 `` where 's my mother ? '' 
 it comes out flat as if i were asking about an old jacket i left behind . 
 `` she 's on her way with that annoying fem she likes to lug around . '' 
 `` the other one-the real one . '' 
 his milky blue eyes widen . 
 his face elongates like that painting from munch . 
 i should do one myself and put jones 's likeness in it . 
 maybe stick a sickle in his neck just for fun . 
 god knows i 'd love to make him scream . 
 he shakes his head , stunned by the horror . 
 jones was never one to hide the way he feels . 
 if anything , he 's the opposite of edinger . 
 `` you know ? '' 
 he tilts into me as if this were an impossibility . 
 `` i know . 
 and what should be more staggering to you is the fact that laken knows , too . '' 
 i shoot daggers into him with my hardened gaze . 
 `` but you already knew that did n't you ? 
 she never once believed that bullshit about falling from the tree house . '' 
 a dull laugh pumps from my chest . 
 `` you thought you had it in the bag . 
 you were so close to pulling it off . '' 
 i lean forward , elbows to the knees . 
 `` you know what i ca n't figure out ? 
 why ? 
 why pull two kids from the country and gift them with the riches of the world ? 
 what makes laken and me so damn special ? '' 
 i do n't bother including fletch in that equation . 
 something tells me he 's here on someone 's coattails , and i 'm guessing that would be mine since we drowned in the lake together . 
 `` and how the f ** k did you get me to play along for so long ? '' 
 `` deep hypnosis , '' he breathes it out as if he were in a trance himself . 
 `` you were the perfect manchurian candidate-you all were . '' 
 he folds his hands together staring past me at nothing in particular . 
 `` is she angry ? '' 
 `` hell , yes , she 's angry . 
 she wants to kill every count on the planet , and once she finds out you 're responsible , she 'll want to start with you . '' 
 `` you 're in that number , wes . '' 
 `` you still did n't answer my question . 
 where 's my mother ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to be the one to tell you-she perished . '' 
 he cuts his hand through the air as if he were stating a fact , but something in that movement makes my head spin and triggers about a dozen different memories concerning that skeletal , pasty-faced version of my mother that does n't , in fact , have any relation to me at all . 
 `` whatever the hell it is you 're doing , stop . 
 where 's my mother ? '' 
 it rips from my lungs with a ferocity i did n't know i had . 
 a part of me still does n't accept any `` past '' i had outside of laken . 
 it 's as if she were the only true bond i had . 
 i remember my grandfather-my mother in the kitchen baking pies as if she were about to open a factory . 
 i can still see her soft features , her mousy hair always away from her face and the scent of lavender whenever she held me . 
 a pang of grief washes over me at the memory , and suddenly i want nothing more than to find her and hold her . 
 `` her body was interned . 
 we always take care of our own . '' 
 i sink down in my seat and take it all in . 
 i ca n't trust a word the bastard says , and yet i believe him , and my heart feels as if it 's just been wrung out by a giant . 
 `` i 'm taking laken to the ensign meeting . 
 she 's agreed to be my essential . '' 
 his face bleaches out at the thought of me f ** king his niece on some stone altar . 
 i try to hide the smile forming on my lips . 
 `` i 'd like to petition for our first request to be utilized immediately following the ceremony . '' 
 i know for a fact that the first request can only be utilized by upper echelon counts after a coupling initiation . 
 and that 's exactly what laken and i will be , upper echelon . 
 we 'll be committed to the countenance for all eternity , as well as one another . 
 any thoughts of leaving the organization-leaving each other is cause for certain death . 
 `` i see . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'll make sure it 's granted . 
 i owe you that much . '' 
 his eyes slit to nothing as if he did n't think he owed us anything at all . 
 `` why laken ? 
 why me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' a soft female voice hums from the doorway , and we turn to find laken standing there , her eyes wide with rage . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 jones stands in her presence . 
 his features sag as if he were on the verge of tears . 
 `` can i hold you ? '' 
 his lips tremble , but he never takes his eyes off his niece . 
 `` never . '' 
 laken comes over , and i stand beside her . 
 `` i swear to you , laken , on all that is holy above and below the earth , i only did what i thought was best for you . '' 
 he extends his hand as if pleading for her to understand . 
 `` i do n't even know you . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` did you know that my mother , my baby sister are suffering a fate worse than death ? '' 
 she chokes the words out just this side of tears . 
 jones does n't say a word . 
 `` then you do . '' 
 she takes a step forward , her eyes drilling him a new one . 
 `` please , if you care about me the way you say , help me get them out alive . 
 right now . '' 
 jones lets out a breath and sits back down in his seat . 
 he stares off at the wall a moment . 
 `` it can be done '' - he leans hard in his seat - `` but there needs to be a sacrifice in exchange for their bodies . '' 
 `` like a person ? '' 
 laken is eager to get to the bottom of this . 
 `` take me . 
 let them go right now along with cooper flanders mother and my friend casper . 
 i swear to you , i will gladly take their place . 
 i slip my hand over hers . 
 no , laken , please . 
 i give her fingers a gentle squeeze . 
 jones looks down at our conjoined hands , and his lips twitch with disapproval . 
 `` they would n't want you , laken , '' he says it plain as a fact . 
 `` they 're not interested in your bloodlines . 
 besides '' - he rocks back in his chair despondent - `` it 's against inter-angelic law to hold one of our own . '' 
 `` then let me see them , '' she pleads . 
 `` let me talk to them . '' 
 jones shoots a look to me . 
 i know what he 's thinking . 
 `` i do n't have that kind of pull , '' i volunteer before he can accuse me of holding back . 
 jones spears through me with a viral look that says he knows far more than he 's letting on . 
 `` you , young wesley , have far more pull than you realize . '' 
 he stands and walks around to the side of his desk . 
 `` one day , i imagine very soon , you 'll both realize who you are and what you 're to become . 
 every count has a role to play , some are created for noble purposes and some for common . '' 
 he looks from me to laken , grim with his inflexible hard-lined stare . 
 `` every person comes upon that hour in their lives when they must to decide who they are . 
 this is your hour . '' 
 he walks out the door , and it clicks shut behind him quiet as a whisper . 
 laken turns to me , unyielding in her anger . 
 `` who are you going to be , wes ? '' 
 `` we 're counts , laken . 
 and for the first time in our lives , we 're going to use this to our advantage . '' 
 i pull her in by the hips and tuck a kiss in the warmth of her neck . 
 `` we 're going to free your family '' - i lift her chin with my finger and dot a kiss over her lips - `` we 'll free any damn person you wish . '' 
 i land my mouth over hers , and laken stiffens for a moment before her body relaxes into mine , and she meets me right there with a kiss that tastes like a hazy summer morning , like crisp fall afternoons spent jumping in stacks of dry leaves the color of gold and crimson . 
 with every moment that beats by , laken 's kisses remind me of cider plains , of home , and yet i do n't miss it , or crave it , or want any of it back . 
 with laken by my side , i already have all i need . 
 this is our time-the hour we decide who we are . 
 we are n't subject to the counts . 
 we are the counts . 
 lunch goes off without a hitch . 
 joy had a five-star spread under the veranda , and the sky sews up its pregnant clouds as if waiting for our gathering to conclude before pouring down its wrath . 
 the table has been cleared , and the candles blown out , leaving her mother with a small stack of gifts surrounding her . 
 `` thank you all for coming and making this day extra special . '' 
 she looks to each of her three children and offers a generous smile , but too much as if it were forced , and it makes me wonder just how much she knows . 
 `` you 're welcome to come out next weekend . 
 your father and i are leaving for the maldives for a month . 
 it would be great to see you before christmas . '' 
 `` no can do . '' 
 jen raises her glass as if she were making a toast . 
 `` austen house is having an anniversary . 
 it 's a very sacred and special time . 
 there 's no way laken nor i can miss it . 
 plus , the girls like to go a little wild so i need to hang out and make sure no one goes off the deep end . 
 i cut a quick look to laken , and she frowns at me as if insulted by the insinuation . 
 `` how 's life at trinity ? '' 
 jones asks jen as if he really cared , and yet a part of me believes he does . 
 `` classes are tougher than last year , but overall , it 's okay . '' 
 she pulls blaine 's arm across her shoulder . 
 `` it helps that i have the world 's best study partner . '' 
 `` speaking of studying . '' 
 blaine nods over to me . 
 `` the deadline is coming up in a week . 
 you 'd better get your app in , or you wo n't be carrying on the family tradition of attending trinity u. '' `` is that so ? '' 
 demetri 's haunted eyes pull back as he offers an unrepentant smile . 
 `` i 'll be glad to write a letter of recommendation . '' 
 `` as will i , '' jones is quick to offer up his useless self . 
 `` i 'll have to talk to laken . '' 
 i slip an arm around her waist . 
 jen ticks back a notch . 
 `` what 's there to discuss ? 
 of course , you 're going to trinity , and when the time comes , so will laken . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to trinity . '' 
 she shakes her head emphatic . 
 `` in fact , i do n't plan on hanging around much longer . '' 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 demetri connects his palms as if he were applauding . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'd kind of like a fresh start . 
 maybe west coast ? 
 i hear there 's a nice island out there , paragon . 
 maybe i 'll end up there . '' 
 she spears him with a look . 
 `` paragon ? '' 
 her mother flattens her hand across her chest . 
 her father looks unimpressed as if he could n't care less where laken ended up in life , and that , too , makes me wonder . 
 `` i 've been there . '' 
 demetri smooths his finger over the rim of his glass never taking his eyes off hers . 
 `` beautiful place . 
 it can be claustrophobic at times . 
 you can get island fever in a matter of hours . 
 there 's no university on the island . '' 
 `` there 's one nearby . '' 
 jones is quick to offer up . 
 `` host island has a private university . 
 there 's also a subdivision of althorpe out that way . 
 i do a lot of travel in that direction . '' 
 laken studies him long after he finishes speaking . 
 she 's connecting the paranormal dots , the island , althorpe . 
 the counts are everywhere . 
 there 's no escaping them . 
 i 'd tell her myself , but it 's best she discovers this on her own . 
 she will . 
 you can no more escape the counts than you can oxygen . 
 `` how about you , mr. edinger ? '' 
 a private smile plays on her lips . 
 `` are you familiar with paragon ? '' 
 `` my grandfather is from the island . 
 he bequeathed me his estate . 
 i 'm returning in the summer . 
 i 'm afraid i wo n't be back this way with the exception of pleasure . '' 
 he nods over to my mother with her hair pulled back in its tight knit bun . 
 i have every memory still intact from as far back as being a little boy in this world , and , oddly , none of it seems to clash with the memories i have of cider plains . 
 it 's as if the counts gave me the gift of another life . 
 two parallel existences going down separate tracks , and now that they 've collided , i do n't feel any different . 
 laken leans in as she continues to stare the bastard down . 
 `` is that all the family you have , mr. edinger ? 
 just a grandfather ? 
 no one else on the planet to call your own ? '' 
 `` laken ! '' 
 her mother rasps it out , high and scratchy , like a parakeet . 
 `` please forgive her , she has absolutely zero manners . '' 
 `` no , it 's quite all right . '' 
 he holds up a hand to quell her mother 's insolence . 
 `` there are others . 
 but we 're all a part of god 's family , are n't we ? 
 the world is too big , too full of good people to ever feel alone . '' 
 his lips curl up on the ends with wicked intent . 
 `` like being part of a family you never knew existed . '' 
 he cuts his dark eyes to mine . 
 `` family is a sacred gift . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' jones chimes in . 
 `` you can disown them all you like , but you can never change who you truly are . '' 
 `` well '' - laken flattens her palms , glaring at the two of them like she were having a standoff - `` let the record show that i would gladly give my life for the ones i love . '' 
 shit . 
 `` i would do the same . '' 
 i squeeze laken 's hand . 
 i 'd take a thousand bullets for you . 
 demetri looks from laken to me . 
 `` you know what they say when you make a bold proclamation like that-you 're twisting the hands of fate to test you . '' 
 laken 's chest thumps with a dry laugh . 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 i shoot the wicked bastard a dirty look . 
 `` so did i. '' so did f ** king i. 5 wake the dead laken soon after the awkward family get-together , jen and blaine announce they 'd like to take a quick stroll through the property , stranding wes and i out here a little longer . 
 `` i think i 'll take a nap . '' 
 fletch stretches and yawns . 
 `` wake me when it 's over . '' 
 he heads upstairs , cementing the fact we 're going to be here for a little while . 
 my faux parents have retreated to wherever wealthy counts retreat , and jones and demetri are conferring about something on the porch with ms. paxton-most likely how they 're going to kill both wes and i before the year is through . 
 `` so what should we do ? '' 
 i ask , eyeing them like a hawk with their pressured speech , ms. paxton 's face stretching back in horror . 
 `` how about we take our own walk ? '' 
 wes runs his finger through my hair , a loose smile plays on his lips . 
 `` sounds good . 
 this is a gorgeous place . 
 i 'd love to explore . '' 
 we head out the french doors that lead to the back of the estate . 
 `` you know what ? 
 why do n't you go on down to the fountain ? 
 i think i 'll run to the restroom real quick . '' 
 i bite over my lip playfully . 
 `` i 'll just be a second . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 he lands his warm mouth over mine , and i soak in his kiss before tracking back through the house . 
 house . 
 i huff at the thought . 
 more like a monolithic estate , a hotel , the white house . 
 the counts have no shame when it comes to displaying their wealth . 
 i make a beeline down the main hall and note jones is still out front speaking with demetri . 
 ms. paxton is nowhere to be seen , so i assume she 's waiting for him in the car . 
 i 'm not really going to the restroom . 
 earlier when i was looking for wes , i discovered that jones 's office is right next to the narrow hall that leads to the facilities . 
 it 's not my fault if i happened to make a wrong turn . 
 i make my way down the limestone-covered hall and peer into the mahogany laden office before stepping inside , securing the door behind me . 
 i really do n't know what i 'm doing here other than snooping . 
 god knows the counts are too smart to leave a roadmap of the tenebrous woods lying around , but there has to be something , anything . 
 i head over to his expansive desk with that globe made of precious stones sitting heavy near the front . 
 it smells of old musk and the hint of a pipe as i take a seat in his chair . 
 the leather feels warm , soft like lambskin . 
 i run my fingers over the ornate carvings on the rim of the wood before slipping the front drawer open-pencils , pens , some liquid correction as if to prove that counts are capable of making a mistake . 
 but i already knew that . 
 i slip open the drawer to my right and am met with hundreds of blue files , each neatly marked off with its assigned task-water and power , taxes , gas , expenditures , receipts . 
 i close the drawer and open the one beneath it . 
 more files , boring as rice . 
 nothing but a meticulous accounting of his day-to-day life . 
 i run my finger along them and stretch the drawer as far as it will go . 
 the last file in the back catches my eye . 
 in sloppy male handwriting , the letter l is emblazoned in small font as if it were ashamed to be there . 
 i pluck it out and open it wide beneath the window as if begging the sun to help make out the murky pages . 
 it looks like nothing more than a few bad print jobs the copier botched until i leaf back a few pages , and my heart stops . 
 it 's those images that coop and i were getting-the ones of us together , locked in an embrace , our lips connected in lust . 
 they 're all here . 
 i had seen them in many forms , a picture on the wall , coop found one emblazed on his pillowcase , and here i was holding the entire haunted collection . 
 the sound of heels clicking down the hall comes from afar , and i place the file back where it belongs no worse for wear . 
 i slip out of the office and speed my way past the front doors where i see ms. paxton getting into demetri 's luxury ride-far too fine a car for a simple english teacher to ever afford . 
 i make my way out the back and down to wesley who sits by the reflecting pool waiting patiently . 
 my heart soars at the sight of him . 
 a part of me wishes nothing ever changed , that we never left kansas , and yet another part of me , a far more selfish part , is thankful that cooper is in my life now . 
 coop and wes . 
 i can only have one . 
 it makes me sick that i have to decide . 
 another reason to hate the counts . 
 wes holds my hand as we follow the periphery of the woods as it leads down to a stream at the base of the hillside . 
 `` so are you ready to take the next step ? 
 the ensign meeting is coming up , and i put in a request to have us promoted . '' 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 i blink up at him . 
 wesley 's eyes explode a bright lime in contrast to the shadowed woods behind him . 
 they hold the color of spring leaves-the evergreens wish they could be that green . 
 `` why promote me ? 
 why not kresley or carter or fletch ? 
 certainly they 've been here longer . '' 
 `` technically , you 've been here since the beginning , just like me . '' 
 he brings my hand to his lips . 
 `` laken , jones is a special count , and , as his niece , you 're afforded certain privileges . '' 
 `` what do you mean special ? '' 
 `` he 's in charge of the east coast division . 
 there 's a faction council in each district , and he heads up the entire eastern seaboard . 
 he 's big , laken , trust me . '' 
 `` and you ? 
 what makes you primed for the elevation in status ? 
 is it because your fake mother runs the school ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says it with a quiet laugh . 
 `` i 'm what the counts call an ember . 
 that means my bloodlines qualify me as close to pure . '' 
 `` close to pure , sounds dangerous . '' 
 `` it 's not . 
 actually it affords me the highest honors . 
 the counts have interclass levels . 
 you can rise in the organization without pure bloodlines , but it 's much more difficult . 
 my bloodlines , and yours , have the power to bolster us to the top of the league . '' 
 `` and if we get to the top , what then ? '' 
 `` we take over officiating duties . 
 jones wo n't lead forever . 
 he 'll need someone to replace him , and as far as i can tell , i 'm betting he 'd like that to be you . '' 
 `` dream on old man . 
 and what about you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i 'll keep climbing the ladder and see where it takes me . 
 next sunday night is the ensign meeting . 
 we 're going to elevate together , laken . 
 it 's an intimate ceremony that takes our bond to a whole new level . 
 we 'll be one another 's essentials . '' 
 `` essentials ? 
 i thought i was already your spirit wife . '' 
 his cheek cinches as if he were holding back a laugh . 
 `` an essential is the next step . '' 
 the smile glides from his face . 
 `` it 's the consummation of our union , laken . 
 when two counts as powerful as ourselves fasten to one another for eternity , it 's a sacred event . 
 our bodies , our souls , and our minds will become one for all of time and beyond . '' 
 wes combs his fingers through my hair , and i erect a barricade over my thoughts while my heart pumps wild in my chest . 
 `` wes . '' 
 i pull him under the shadow of a birch as the stream sings a sad song , trickling down the property . 
 `` when we get my family out , you 're not really thinking of staying in this organization are you ? '' 
 my hands glide up his sweater and smooth over his warm flesh . 
 `` we ca n't leave , laken . 
 that 's like trying to walk out of your skin . 
 it ca n't just happen . '' 
 `` so you want us to change the way the counts behave ? 
 free the people in the tunnels ? 
 that could be our life work . '' 
 he cuts a look into the black of the forest , and already i have my answer . 
 `` the counts do n't have some of the abilities as celestra . 
 there 's an inter-angelic war brewing . 
 those people in the tunnels are there to help the countenance get the upper hand . '' 
 `` wes , they 've been stolen from their families . '' 
 i shake my head , trying to hold back the rage brewing in me . 
 `` you ca n't sympathize with the counts . 
 that 's like sympathizing with the devil . 
 it should n't be done . 
 no matter how you slice it , what the counts are doing is wrong . 
 the people in the tunnels need to be freed , not just my family or cooper 's mom or casper . 
 each one of those souls deserves to live life outside of that hellhole . 
 it 's a basic human right . '' 
 wes takes in a full breath of air . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he grits his teeth , and his jaw pops . 
 a scream rises from deep in the forest . 
 `` you think that 's jen ? '' 
 my heart runs wild . 
 it was too shrill and high to be my sister . 
 in fact , it did n't even sound human . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 let 's get back . '' 
 he tries to pull me toward the direction of the house . 
 `` she might need help . '' 
 i pluck him off and run deeper into the woods , and another scream saws through the forest dampening the shadowed world as it grows ever so dark around us . 
 `` laken , wait . '' 
 wes calls from behind . 
 two limp figures dangle in the distance , swaying in the breeze . 
 they look like feathers blowing back and forth from this distal vantage point . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 wes takes up my hand as we get closer then stop a good fifty feet away because now we see them for what they are-bodies . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 i take a step forward , inspecting them with their white matching robes , their bare feet dangling listless , arms limp to their sides . 
 `` laken . '' 
 wes wraps his arm around my waist , holding me back from getting any closer . 
 it 's two blondes , a boy and a girl . 
 the breeze picks up , and they spin slowly , first one and then the other , revealing to us exactly who they are . 
 `` oh , god , '' wes whispers . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 i marvel up at my face asleep in its eternal state , my head crooked from the fresh break in my neck . 
 the boy turns just enough for me to make out his all-too-familiar features . 
 `` it 's cooper . '' 
 wes pulls me deeper into him as my body goes numb . 
 but i do n't take my eyes from coop and me hanging from the tree with our stiffened corpses . 
 i contemplate a scream , but the world fades to grey , and i collapse right there in wesley 's arms . 
 a part of me never wants to wake up . 
 cooper monday , in lit , laken comes in with a touch of dark circles under her eyes as if she has n't been able to sleep , but it does n't mar her beauty , nothing can . 
 i give a sheepish smile because i happen to know she 's still pissed at me . 
 i want to tell her that the last person i want her with is wes , but we 're so close to having everything we 've wanted , i 'm too afraid to f ** k things up right now . 
 `` morning , '' i offer . 
 the bell rings before she can reciprocate , and she sets her backpack down by her feet . 
 `` we need to talk , '' she whispers before turning around . 
 edinger takes to the front of the class and begins introducing the next book we 're to slice and dice . 
 he holds up a paperback with a picture of a woman in a green dress . 
 `` margaret mitchell 's classic , gone with the wind . '' 
 edinger purrs it out as if it were the book he were dying to share . 
 `` this should round out the fall semester nicely . 
 a story of a woman rebuilding her life after the world she knew was pulled out from beneath her . '' 
 he eyes laken and gleams his dark smile . 
 if there 's a king of ass ** les , it 's most definitely edinger . 
 i extend my legs , and laken is quick to wrap her ankles around mine until our skin touches . 
 i still love you , cooper flanders . 
 it 's the first thing she says , and my heart leaps out of my chest and swims to the ceiling . 
 i still love you , laken stewart . 
 she turns slightly to get a look at me as if she needed to see if i were telling the truth . 
 she spins back around and faces edinger as if she were fully absorbed in his cross-dimensional analogies . 
 anything new ? 
 i 'm hoping not . 
 i 'm hoping they had one boring afternoon with the people pretending to be her parents and hightailed it back to ephemeral-the end . 
 wes talked a little about the ensign meeting next sunday night . 
 he said we 'd be bonding to elevate our status , that i 'd be his essential . 
 he mentioned the word consummating . 
 my adrenaline spikes as i sink in my seat . 
 the last thing i want is laken and wes consummating anything-least of all with each other . 
 sounds tragic . 
 i try to keep things light . 
 after all , it was my big idea they keep close to speed things along . 
 i 'm not sure things are taking off in the right direction , though-for sure i do n't want them consummating some essential bond . 
 maybe it will be . 
 she slips her legs tight around mine , and my gut grinds because i miss touching her . 
 i took a walk in the woods with wes yesterday at the anderson estate . 
 we heard a woman scream , and that 's when we saw them . 
 she turns once again to steal a glance . 
 two bodies swinging from nooses-mine and yours . 
 my muscles lock up , my brain goes on overload , and i do n't move , or breathe , or say anything . 
 coop ? 
 do you know something ? 
 who would have done that ? 
 wes said someone was trying to send us a message . 
 he said the bodies evaporated as soon as i passed out . 
 it looks like i 'm not as brave as i 'd like people to believe . 
 i think you 're plenty brave . 
 and , yes , i do know something . 
 laken straightens in her seat and takes a full breath . 
 she 's readying herself for the news , and i 'm not looking forward to giving it to her . 
 let me tell you later-not like this . 
 there 's no doubt the tobias sisters are a little pissed about the resurrection botch up . 
 okay . 
 hey , coop ? 
 there 's one more thing , jones said something , and it sort of stuck with me . 
 what 's that ? 
 he said it was time for us to decide who we are . 
 i let the words sink in . 
 time to decide who we are . 
 i could n't agree more . 
 laken retracts her feet and nods as she slumps into her seat . 
 we listen to edinger drone on about mitchell 's bestseller . 
 how it depicts a time of change in a person 's life once a new reality takes over . 
 the counts have taken over laken 's life , and i think it 's about time i help her take it back . 
 the bell rings , and the room starts to clear out . 
 i stand and pull laken in close , pretending like i 'm trying to get past her , but , really , i 'm taking in the scent of her hair , letting my fingers dig into her waist a moment . 
 `` i have to talk to edinger for a minute . 
 maybe we can get together later ? '' 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 laken takes off just as the last few students trickle out the door . 
 `` mr. flanders . '' 
 he flexes his lips , no smile . 
 `` from what i can see , you do n't care much for ms. anderson . '' 
 `` now there 's a lie from the pit of hell , but then you specialize in those , do n't you ? '' 
 edinger balls up my shirt and slams me against the whiteboard with my head taking the brunt of the impact . 
 `` i am incapable of lies . '' 
 he drops me to the ground , and i spring back to my feet . 
 `` i will never and have never deceived you . '' 
 i lock eyes with the devil himself and contemplate what this might mean . 
 `` so that thing with laken and me '' - i give a slight nod - `` you 're being honest ? 
 you 're rooting for laken and me to end up together ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 his brows swoop in dark and angry . 
 `` and now i 'm wondering if you want the same thing . '' 
 `` wesley 's taking her to another meeting . 
 an ensign deal where they 're going to bond as - '' `` essentials . '' 
 his lips curl into a frown . 
 `` is that what you want ? '' 
 `` it 's up to laken . 
 she 's doing whatever she can to rescue her family , and both you and i know it . '' 
 `` then she does n't understand the everlasting consequences , does she ? 
 she 's already his spirit mate . 
 you ca n't let it progress from there . 
 once the bond has been set through the essential ceremony , she 'll never be with anybody else . 
 all roads will lead to wesley . '' 
 `` what happens if she changes her mind and wants to be with someone else ? '' 
 `` someone like you , mr. flanders ? '' 
 i lift my chin . 
 `` you 'll perish . 
 anybody she tries to bond with on an intimate level will be at death 's door before three days ' time . 
 enjoy your honeymoon . 
 it will be a short one . '' 
 i take a breath . 
 `` and if she bonds with him and becomes his essential , will she be able to rescue her family from tenebrous ? '' 
 his chest rumbles with the idea of a laugh . 
 edinger lands his hand over the top of my head . 
 a dark room appears in the theater of my mind . 
 the walls ignite with flames as rows of people in dark-hooded robes hold out their hands . 
 they chant and sing as two of them take off their hoods . 
 laken and wes . 
 they share a simple kiss before stepping onto a circular platform . 
 a curtain of fire erects itself around them . 
 wes lays her down on the white onyx altar and pulls her robe open in the front , nothing but creamy thighs for miles . 
 the chanting increases as the flames rise and growl around them . 
 wes lies over her body . 
 i can see laken 's head thrust back , her eyes shut tight in pain . 
 his body writhes over hers as he dives in for a kiss . 
 he 's taking her . 
 claiming her in every single way . 
 his rhythm increases as he rises and falls over her body , and i knock edinger 's hand the f ** k off me . 
 `` enough . '' 
 i push him the hell away and walk over to the desk to catch my breath . 
 `` have you had enough ? 
 because that 's only the beginning of what awaits for laken and wesley . 
 once the holy rite is established , there is no turning back . '' 
 `` then help me get into the tunnels and get our loved ones out . 
 it 's the only way i can think to stop her . '' 
 i press into him with all of my hatred . 
 `` you know as well as i do its desperation driving her into wesley 's arms-nothing more . 
 take away the heat , and she 'll be right here with me . '' 
 his lips cinch up one side . 
 `` arrogant of you to assume so . '' 
 `` i know so . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` and if it 's not true ? '' 
 `` i 'll gladly surrender myself to the tunnels . 
 take me anytime , anywhere so long as our loved ones are free . '' 
 a dark laugh gurgles from him . 
 `` now , now , it looks like someone forgot to read the fine print . 
 those were n't the terms . '' 
 `` they are now . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you do n't make the rules , mr. flanders-i do . '' 
 `` then tell me what to do to get the people i care about out of that hellhole , and consider it done before the words ever leave your lips . '' 
 `` careful . 
 desperation has been known to drive a person to the point of depravity . '' 
 `` i 'm already there . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 edinger steps into me . 
 the light dims outside the windows , and the overhead fluorescents explode in a burst of brilliant glory leaving demetri as his own shadow . 
 `` desperate and in love can lead to so many beautiful places , mr. flanders . 
 the tenebrous woods is not one of them . 
 i 've given instruction to wesley on how to procure your loved ones . 
 i 've no doubt he shared the concept with you . 
 there is truly only one key that will save those you care about . '' 
 `` your son . '' 
 i shake my head at the thought of ever finding an edinger offspring . 
 `` any idea where or who he might be ? '' 
 edinger closes his eyes a moment before his lips expand in a thin set line . 
 `` he 's here in this state , in this very institution of education . 
 my son lives . 
 bring him to me , ready to serve , and all you ask is yours . '' 
 ephemeral ? 
 he 's at ephemeral . 
 `` if he 's here , why do n't you get him yourself ? 
 use your authority , and lure him into your den like you do the rest of us . '' 
 `` he 's denied me . 
 he needs to come willingly . '' 
 `` so he 's the only one you wo n't hold prisoner ? '' 
 `` the only one . '' 
 `` i guess you do tell the truth . '' 
 i start heading toward the door . 
 `` mr. flanders ? '' 
 i back up a moment as the warning bell goes off . 
 `` i would n't play coy with your love interest . 
 time is of the essence . 
 you may think she 's already chosen you , but her heart is still with wesley . '' 
 `` who said i was wasting time ? '' 
 `` i did n't have to be told . 
 i can see it . '' 
 `` why do you want laken and me together so bad ? 
 is this some kind of revenge against wes ? '' 
 `` wes was n't made for laken . 
 you were . '' 
 that 's what i thought , and , lucky for me , because demetri edinger can not tell a lie . 
 unless , of course , that was one . 
 i step out into the dismal day . 
 the statue of asterion mocks me as i stride by with my newfound arrogance . 
 i 'm going to find edinger 's bastard child . 
 and i 'm going to start by analyzing the dna of every single student at ephemeral . 
 looks like my father and i will be paying a visit to the blood bank again . 
 because laken was n't meant for wesley . 
 she was meant for me . 
 wesley the colors of fall burn bright as ephemeral coats itself in a autumn spectacular like it has never known before . 
 i head toward asterion where i traditionally meet laken for lunch , with my feet buoyant and light . 
 by weeks end , she 'll be mine , bonded to me and nobody else for all eternity . 
 my cell goes off , it 's jones . 
 i spot blaine jogging up on the walkway and stuff my phone back into my pocket . 
 he pants out of breath as if he ran miles . 
 `` hey , dipshit . '' 
 his dark hair is sticking up two inches over his head , and it makes him look insane . 
 `` wipe that goofy look off your face . 
 we 've got a problem . 
 jones has been trying to reach you all morning . '' 
 `` what the hell for ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he growls it out while downing the rest of the soda in his hand . 
 `` maybe one of you fools left the bathtub running again . '' 
 `` that only happened once , and it was fletcher 's bright idea . '' 
 `` yeah , well , give him a call . 
 it sounded important . '' 
 he nods over to me . 
 `` what 's with the never-ending grin ? '' 
 i shake my head , trying to keep the smile from popping back on my face , but i ca n't hide it . 
 `` it 's laken . 
 we 're finally hitting our stride , dude . '' 
 `` good , i 'm glad . 
 keep her happy , that 's the key . 
 make sure she knows she 's the number one person in your life because once she thinks otherwise , you 're in for a rude awakening . 
 trust me , i know . 
 i 've been in the doghouse with jen , and she still has me begging on all fours just to let me stick around . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i watch as he trots off in his thick wool coat , his shoulders padded up like a football player . 
 i 'd hate to break it to him , but i 'd never even look at another girl , let alone want one with laken in my life . 
 laken will always be number one . 
 the math is easy . 
 i put a quick call into jones , and he picks up on the first ring . 
 `` where 've you been ? '' 
 he gruffs . 
 `` i 've got this little thing called school . 
 had my phone off . 
 what do you want ? 
 you have any other family member of mine you 'd like to abduct ? 
 maybe kill a few off for kicks ? '' 
 `` shut up and listen . '' 
 my stomach bottoms out as if i 'm going to hear some serious shit news because for as long as i have known jones , he has never spoken to me that way . 
 `` there 's been a rash of kidnappings around trinity county . 
 three young men and two women . '' 
 `` that 's terrible . 
 what 's happening ? '' 
 `` the news is going on about a guy dressed as a ` zombie ' in one case . 
 they think it 's some cult or gang misfiring their aggression on society . '' 
 `` spectators . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 get your guy on this . 
 i need complete containment as soon as possible . '' 
 `` no offense , but why would the counts wait until those creatures got out of hand ? 
 they should have been dealt with decades ago if you ask me . '' 
 `` nobody 's asking you . 
 i 'm telling you to stop this hole up with whatever means possible . 
 they 've gone too far . 
 and if you must know , there is a reason this was n't dealt with earlier . 
 the counts have had a mild treaty with the spectators . 
 we 've looked the other way as long as they do n't go after society-and now they 've done exactly that . '' 
 `` it 's going to be an all-out war to get them herded back where they belong . 
 is the transfer big enough to hold them ? '' 
 `` yes , but it does n't matter . 
 they wo n't be staying long . 
 we 've plans for a mass extermination once they 're rounded up . 
 you might want to leave that little detail out in the event mr. flanders decides to become a bleeding heart . '' 
 `` and that he is . '' 
 fucking coop . 
 i wish his heart would bleed somewhere other than laken 's feet . 
 `` hey , jones ? 
 i meant to ask you , before we were interrupted yesterday , does edinger have any children ? '' 
 the line goes quiet . 
 the even pattern of his breathing has been replaced with a morbid silence . 
 `` jones ? '' 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 he lets out a breath into the receiver . 
 `` to answer your question , yes , he does . '' 
 `` great . 
 where are they ? 
 i need to find his son . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` demetri says he 's the key to getting laken 's friends and family out of those tunnels . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 he huffs a laugh into the line . 
 `` and now we have a fem who thinks he 's in charge of the counts . 
 i 'd like to see that happen . '' 
 `` he 's letting them out , '' i insist . 
 `` laken will never be happy until her family is free . 
 and what the f ** k are counts doing down there to begin with ? '' 
 `` who said they were counts ? '' 
 and with that the line goes dead . 
 rain drives down hard and violent as it falls over the cathedral-like windows of the ephemeral library . 
 laken helps as we check out a steady stream of students and their towers of books . 
 but i keep stealing glances at her , watching as her golden hair falls over her shoulder , the way her chest bounces when she laughs , the innocent way her teeth graze over her bottom lip , and it 's all i can do not to get a hard-on while looking at her . 
 as soon as the crowd dies down , i nod her over . 
 `` hey , good looking . '' 
 she wraps her arms around my waist and presses a kiss over my chest . 
 `` you called ? '' 
 she bats her lashes at me . 
 i love these spontaneous displays of affection . 
 i love that laken is n't hiding me away like i 'm afraid she might be coop . 
 i push the thought out of my head . 
 i asked him to meet laken and me here once our shift is up . 
 i figured i 'd fill them both in on the spectator trouble at the same time . 
 i do n't mind spooking laken if i know it 'll help keep her out of the woods . 
 i just want her safe . 
 that 's all i 've ever wanted . 
 `` i want to talk to you about sunday night . '' 
 `` the meeting . '' 
 she nods , giving a brief look around . 
 the library is dead so she does n't have to worry about anyone listening in . 
 `` it 's going to be our first time , '' i whisper . 
 `` are you okay with that ? '' 
 laken swallows hard like maybe she 's not . 
 her eyes shift around the vicinity as if she 's looking for the answer on the walls . 
 `` wes , do n't you think it 's kind of weird we have to consummate anything at a meeting of all places ? 
 it borders on sick , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` i promise it 'll be a private event-just you and me . '' 
 `` then maybe we could , you know , play it off-we could do it somewhere else , all by our lonesome and take the entire night to do it . '' 
 my stomach turns . 
 `` i 'm not trying to spook you , or sway you in any way , but they will know . 
 i 'm not sure what will happen if we try to pull one over on them . 
 a six month suspension probably . '' 
 most likely a year , but i do n't bother with details at this point . 
 `` laken , if this is n't for you-if i 'm not the one ... '' i shake my head . '' 
 i do n't want you to regret this . '' 
 laken gazes over my shoulder as if she were weighing the balance of her future right here in this room . 
 `` of course , i wo n't regret this . 
 i guess we 're going to start our future together this sunday night . '' 
 she breaks out in a tragically sad smile . 
 `` and then , after , we 'll head to the tunnels to free those we love . 
 can we take everybody ? '' 
 `` no , they 'd try us for treason . 
 but for you '' - i touch my fingers to her cheek - `` for us they have to honor our first request . 
 they wo n't deny us our loved ones , laken . 
 i promise you this . '' 
 she gives a hurried nod . 
 `` i 'm going to hold my sister , my mother , again in just a few short days . '' 
 laken latches onto me with a fierce embrace , burying her face in my chest . 
 the bell goes off three times in a row , and we turn to find coop standing at the counter , dripping wet and pissed as a junkyard dog . 
 `` you wanted to see me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i pull laken back and look into her tear-filled eyes . 
 `` hope you do n't mind , there was something i wanted to talk to the both of you about . 
 let 's hit a spot in the back . '' 
 i get one of the girls stocking shelves to take over the front and lead coop and laken toward a table as far away from the nearest student as possible . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 coop nods over at me before reverting his attention to laken . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he pulls his gaze over her features torturously slow as if he wanted far more explanation than she could ever give him-at least around me . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 she reassures . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 coop takes a breath before knocking on the table to get my attention . 
 `` my little sister is home alone . 
 i need to split , so this better be quick . '' 
 `` jones called today . '' 
 i glance over at laken . 
 `` there 's been a rash of kidnappings in downtown trinity . 
 he 's pretty certain the spectators are behind it . '' 
 `` oh my , god . '' 
 laken touches her hand to her chest in horror . 
 `` what do you think has them riled up enough to resort to something like that ? '' 
 `` we do n't know , '' i say . 
 `` orders are to herd them up . 
 they 've got to go before they do anymore damage . 
 the counts are through playing nice . '' 
 `` that 's funny '' - laken averts her eyes - `` the counts have done a lot of things , and playing nice is n't one of them . '' 
 a moment of silence strokes by , and i do n't bother telling laken she 's right , that the counts have set a timer to the questionable lives of the spectators . 
 `` i think the counts are out of luck . '' 
 coop raises his brows like he really does n't give a damn . 
 `` i do n't have a big enough net . 
 the spectators are far too sophisticated-far too spread out , for me to land every single one back in the transfer . 
 there has to be another way . '' 
 `` coop . '' 
 i close my eyes a moment . 
 jones was right . 
 he 's way too much of a bleeding heart . 
 `` get them to the transfer . 
 they do n't belong in this world . '' 
 all we need is to start napalming them before they realize it 's f ** king on . 
 coop 's our safest bet . 
 the last thing we need is a war on our hands . 
 `` they do n't belong in that world , either . '' 
 his phone goes off , and he checks the text . 
 `` marky 's getting spooked . 
 i 'd better make tracks . '' 
 he gets up and slips his backpack over his shoulder . 
 he nods over at me before glancing back at laken . 
 `` see you when i see you . '' 
 laken gives the hint of a smile , does n't say a word , does n't say goodbye . 
 see you when i see you . 
 why do i get the feeling they 're talking in code ? 
 but what i really want to know is why in the hell do i suddenly feel like i 'm not enough for laken ? 
 6 last chance for love laken the night sky above austen house is a pressing black . 
 i do n't ever remember the sky looking so bleak , so dismal-altogether without hope . 
 it 's as if it were trying to tell us something-to predicate something so fierce and terrible the only way it knew how . 
 i run in through a break in the rain to find jen sitting behind the den mother 's desk up front . 
 she has her yankee candle collection lining the expanse of the mahogany with her plug in waterfall constructed from mid-eastern stones , and the whole thing feels rather zen . 
 `` good , you 're here . '' 
 she pulls a nail file out of the drawer without looking up . 
 `` i have some paperwork for you to sign regarding that hattie girl . 
 just a disclaimer that says you know nothing about her whereabouts . 
 i 'll bring it to your room before i take off . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 i wish i did know about hattie 's whereabouts . 
 i trot up the stairs two by two . 
 something about seeing coop tonight made my heart skip , made my whole person feel as if i 'm filling with helium . 
 `` goodnight , laken ! '' 
 two friendly voices sing in unison from the common room . 
 it 's probably kresley and grayson giving me the middle finger salute or jax and fallon doing the same , well , jax anyway . 
 i glance down ready to wave in the event it 's actually someone i like and freeze with a scream locked in my throat . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 it pops from my lungs without permission from my vocal cords . 
 the tobias sisters stare up at me in their disintegrated states-balding , emaciated , skin over bone , and i take a breath , nearly tumbling over the railing in the process . 
 `` laken ? '' 
 jen steps around to where they 're standing , clearly missing the show . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 `` i just - '' the tobias sisters evaporate to a vellum state and float up the stairs beside me . 
 they scream , angry and fierce , as if they were being violated in a fate worse than death . 
 leaving my ears ringing from the horrific howls . 
 and , then , just like that , they 're gone . 
 `` laken ? '' 
 jen 's eyes round out with irritation . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i must have tripped and turned my ankle . 
 i 'm fine now . '' 
 i run the rest of the way to my room , slam the door , and lock myself inside . 
 `` you always make such a grand entrance ? '' 
 carter looks up from her book . 
 `` just on days that end in y. '' i sling my bag to the floor and flop on the bed . 
 `` why the hell is this place so creepy , anyway ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she sits up indian style with her hair pale as sugar cookies . 
 `` you know , casper , hattie ... things have been known to get weird fast . '' 
 she sucks in a breath . 
 `` you know what i just realized ? '' 
 `` you 've been sucking face with my brother these past few weeks , and now you wish life had a rewind button ? '' 
 `` very funny . '' 
 she tosses her book at me and misses . 
 `` no , the fact casper and hattie were both your roommates . 
 it sounds to me like you have a bad track record with your new roomies , and guess what part i get to play in this horror flick ? '' 
 i glance over at her and weigh the odds of anything remotely rotten happening to poor , sweet carter . 
 `` it 's doubtful you 'll go missing . '' 
 `` god '' - she leaps off her bed and onto mine in a single bound - `` it 's like that bed is cursed . 
 you think i should have the mattress burned ? '' 
 `` only if you 're worried about bed bugs . 
 besides , flynn is missing , and he never once slept in that bed . '' 
 `` no , but we had a little f-u-n in this room . 
 oh my , god ! 
 it 's true ! '' 
 she pulls her knees up and hugs them . 
 `` stop . '' 
 i sit up and lean against the pillow fort i 've got going on at the head of my bed . 
 `` let 's change the subject . '' 
 i pull my sweatshirt over my knees and blow out a breath . 
 `` i 'm about to have a little f-u-n . '' 
 i glance down , losing myself in the comforter . 
 `` oh my , gosh ! '' 
 she leans over and pushes me so hard i nearly topple off the bed . 
 `` which one , coop or wes ? '' 
 `` wes , '' i say , incredulous . 
 i thought coop and i made it pretty clear we were just friends . 
 hell , if you judge our relationship by these last few weeks , it seems we 're less than that . 
 `` but a part of me wishes it were coop , '' i whisper it so low i 'm not sure she heard . 
 `` and i wonder if that 's because i know i can never have him . '' 
 `` aww ! '' 
 carter bounces over and lands her arm around my shoulder . 
 `` oh , sweetie ! 
 if you want coop , just sleep with coop . 
 he 'd totally be down for that . '' 
 i avert my eyes at the thought . 
 `` carter , life does n't work like that . 
 i 'm committed to wes . 
 i 'm in love with him . '' 
 `` if you 're so in love with him , why are you wasting time wishing you could wrap your legs around coop ? '' 
 leave it to carter to get to the point . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i mean i do n't want that . 
 i mean i might want it a little bit , but that 's because i 'm momentarily confused . '' 
 i pull back to get a better look at her . 
 `` you see , wes and i used to be strong-then something sort of wedged its way between us , and while there was this rift , coop stepped up beside me and was there when i needed him . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 she nods like she knows . 
 `` the rift is gone , and your feelings for coop did n't magically disappear like you hoped they would ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i ever hoped they would , '' i say it low , ashamed of my admission . 
 `` so what 's the rush to have some fun ? 
 you hoping wes will bring it , and you 'll forget all about flanders ? '' 
 i let out a breathy laugh-first one all day . 
 `` no . 
 it 's some freaky count ritual-that ensign thing we did a few weeks back . '' 
 `` there 's no f ** king in the firebrand , trust me i 've tried to get a - '' her eyes round out . 
 carter brings her hands up and covers her mouth without bothering to finish her sentence . 
 `` are you thinking about becoming wesley 's essential ? '' 
 `` yeah , i know it 's sort of a big deal . '' 
 `` sort of a big deal ? '' 
 she kicks me in the leg . 
 `` laken , that 's an honor only reserved for the who 's - who in count-ville-not to mention the fact it bonds you for life . '' 
 she pulls back , her brows dipping in confusion . 
 `` yeah , but we did that when i became his spirit wife , remember ? '' 
 `` that was a little different . 
 it means your spirits will always have a special connection , but it still leaves room for other loves . 
 you know , it does n't condemn anyone to a certain death if they ever try to be with you . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 outside of some freaky altar action , wes did n't mention anything about the grim reaper showing up . 
 i 'm pretty sure neither wes or i want to meet some untimely demise . '' 
 carter probably just has her facts mixed up . 
 `` not you , silly-or wes , for that matter . 
 we 're talking any extracurricular lovers , you know , like coop . '' 
 `` coop ? '' 
 i tick my head back . 
 `` okay , rewind because i 'm totally confused . '' 
 `` yeah , you did n't know ? 
 rumor has it , once you become essentials , you 're stuck with one another always and forever , and if anything happens to one of you , the other one still ca n't get laid without having their play station turn into the killing fields . '' 
 `` oh my , god . '' 
 i straighten . 
 `` you mean they just die right there in the bed ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 are you kidding ? 
 this is the counts we 're talking about . 
 it 's a grueling fight to the finish . 
 i believe some serious volcanic rear-end action is involved . 
 i think it takes about three days . 
 but most people just slit their throats because , really ? 
 who wants a steady stream of lava shooting out their ass ? '' 
 `` holy crap . '' 
 `` exactly-it 's that scary . 
 i can see what has you so down . 
 if you do n't hop in bed with coop before sunday , it 'll never happen . 
 you want to head over , and i 'll cover for you ? '' 
 the door closes , and we look up to find jen has stealthy entered the room . 
 `` covering for laken ? '' 
 jen shoots me a look . 
 `` what mess are you in now ? '' 
 `` i 'm not in a mess . '' 
 i shake my head aggressively at carter . 
 `` laken 's getting ready to have some f-u-n with wes sunday night and was wondering if she could have some - '' i swat her over the face with a pillow in the event she decides to let out all my deep , dark secrets by way of the alphabet . 
 i should have known better than to confide in anyone willing to date my brother . 
 that , alone , is a serious red flag in the morals department . 
 jen 's eyes spin like pinwheels . 
 `` carter would you mind leaving my sister and me alone for a moment ? 
 i think we 're going to need some serious privacy . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think laken and i have any secrets . '' 
 carter shakes her head while looking from me to jen . 
 `` i know all about her feelings for - '' i smack her again with the pillow , and she bounces off the bed and out the door . 
 `` i do n't need this kind of abuse , anderson . '' 
 she mouths the words good luck before shutting the door behind her . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 jen glides across the floor like an apparition . 
 `` are you and wes thinking about going all the way ? '' 
 `` geez . '' 
 i sink into the mattress . 
 jen has the sexual sensibility of someone from the sixteenth-century . 
 `` actually '' - i blow out a breath - `` yes , we sort of are . '' 
 i fill her in on the count ritual where wes and i become essential to one another forever and threaten to kill poor coop by way of his gastrointestinal system if he ever even thinks of getting near my girl parts . 
 `` laken . '' 
 she scoots in next to me before dropping her head in her hands . 
 `` that 's pretty serious stuff . 
 can i ask what prompted the essential debate between you and wes ? '' 
 `` it 's no debate . '' 
 i hold back from telling her all the fun details on why we 're so desperate to do the deed . 
 i 'm pretty sure other girls do n't screw their boyfriends for their mother 's welfare . 
 it 's a strange predicament , but i 've sort of been attracting those very things as of late . 
 `` wes and i are ... '' a part me wants to say desperate , but in actuality it 's just me who 's desperate . 
 wes is just bonding himself to me for life out of the kindness of his heart . 
 it 's sad because if it were last summer and i had this opportunity , i would have jumped on it , or , more accurately , jumped on wes and gladly given kres the middle finger in the process . 
 not that i ever want to see wes with kresley again , or anyone else for that matter . 
 `` my heart breaks when i think of not having wes in my life , '' i whisper for no good reason . 
 `` oh , honey . '' 
 jen wraps an arm around me . 
 `` wesley 's a great guy . 
 there 's no rush . 
 he 'll wait for you until you 're good and ready . 
 i have to admit i 'm a little jealous that he 's invited you to be his essential . 
 that 's the apex of romance if you ask me . '' 
 she gets that dreamy , faraway look in her eye that one might equate with a bad soap opera . 
 `` i was hoping blaine would ask me one day . 
 i mean '' - she shakes herself back to reality - `` it 's sort of the only way to ever know he 'll never cheat . 
 he ca n't , right ? 
 and neither could you . '' 
 `` oh , right , the counts anal revenge . 
 ridiculous bastards . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 she pushes into me . 
 `` you 're one of them , too , you know . 
 you should be proud . 
 besides , this is an amazing event in your life . 
 i 'm going to do something special for you saturday during the austen house commemoration just to prove it . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i pull her in and lay my head on her shoulder . 
 `` i 'd like that . 
 but please do n't cause a scene . 
 i think at this point , wes and i want to keep it kind of private . '' 
 `` private ? '' 
 her chest rumbles . 
 `` you do realize the two of you will only be separated by a ring of fire . 
 try not to get vocal on us . '' 
 `` you 'll be there ? '' 
 i look up to find her brilliant blue eyes moistened with tears . 
 `` of course , i 'll be there . 
 it 's pretty much your wedding day . 
 but do n't worry . 
 i 'll make sure you get one of those , too . 
 not everyone in this world knows what an essential bonding is . 
 that 's the best part of being a count-we get the best of both worlds . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 not . 
 but i 'm keeping that to myself . 
 `` so are you going to tell me , or do i have to drag it out of you ? '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 god , if this conversation takes another turn for the carnal , i 'm heading to bathroom and staying there for the rest of the night . 
 `` of course , we 'll use protection . '' 
 `` eww , no . '' 
 she swats me away as if i had threatened to contaminate her with head lice . 
 `` i mean , coop . 
 come on , laken , it does n't take a genius to notice the sparks flying every time the two of you are in the same room . 
 i mean , for pete 's sake , stay away from sleepy hollow when he 's around , or the two of you will light the entire state of connecticut on fire . '' 
 i sink a little in her arms . 
 `` you pegged it . '' 
 crap . 
 it 's so obvious even jen sees it , and jen is the last person to notice anything even remotely sexual . 
 `` so what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 `` what do you think i should do ? '' 
 i bet she 'll tell me to shake his hand politely one last time or , better yet , wave from a distance before my vagina turns into the equivalent of a human habanero pepper . 
 jen looks right at me , drilling those smoky blue eyes into mine as if she were looking to start a fight . 
 `` i think you should kiss him . 
 kiss him with your entire soul , laken . 
 let it be the longest , most satisfying kiss a girl could ever have , and make sure you remember every single second . 
 then say goodbye and come right back . '' 
 she gives a sad , slow nod as a single tear glides down her cheek . 
 `` go right now , laken . 
 do n't waste another minute . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 my gut explodes in a ball of heat just thinking of sharing one last kiss with coop . 
 `` can i borrow your car ? '' 
 `` you wo n't have to . 
 i came up to tell you he 's here to see you . 
 he 's waiting for you in the kitchen . '' 
 she gives me a gentle shove off the bed . 
 `` go . '' 
 cooper grayson evans must have me on her radar . 
 she 's spent the last fifteen minutes demonstrating the fine art of orally copulating a wooden spoon while a batch of cookie dough sits innocent in a bowl . 
 `` i guess i 'd better take off . '' 
 i was hoping laken would have come down by now . 
 a part of me wants to believe she 's in the shower or busy talking carter from leaping off the ledge of the building , but , in truth , she 's probably just steering clear . 
 it looks like she 's not that into whatever it was we had . 
 her words come back to me . 
 she said she loved me . 
 people say i love you all the time , and it does n't mean anything too serious . 
 hell , when she said it-it almost sounded like an apology-probably was one . 
 grayson swoops in and wraps her arms around my waist . 
 `` are you awake ? '' 
 her chest bounces below my chin , full and heaving . 
 `` i am now . '' 
 i try to pluck her off , but she comes in hard and lands her mouth over mine . 
 her tongue spears between my lips before i give a forceful shove , pushing her right into - `` laken ? '' 
 standing tall with a frying pan in hand is a glorious , beautiful , irate as hell , laken stewart . 
 grayson turns and scowls at her . 
 `` relax , anderson . 
 i was only giving him a taste of my cookie dough . '' 
 she spins into me , her fingers curling the corner of my shirt . 
 `` you up for seconds ? '' 
 `` maybe some other time . '' 
 i gently pluck her off . 
 `` maybe some other time ? '' 
 grayson 's face lights up like a spotlight pointed right at my dick . 
 `` so we still have a chance . '' 
 she clicks her tongue at laken . 
 `` looks like you 've got some serious competition . '' 
 grayson touches her nasty , slobber-covered spoon to my lips . 
 `` you owe me a dance saturday night . '' 
 `` what 's saturday ? '' 
 i wipe my lips off with the back of my hand . 
 `` big blowout right here at austen house-sort of a birthday bash for the dorm . 
 they say every dead resident comes home to celebrate each year . '' 
 she turns to glance back at laken . 
 `` i guess that 's great news for you . '' 
 `` why would that be great news for me ? '' 
 laken tosses the frying pan down on the counter with a clatter . 
 `` because '' - grayson sets her legs in a defiant stance - `` that means once you die , you 'll be guaranteed to beat the heat one night a year . 
 the way you treat the boys around here , we all know where you 're going . '' 
 laken closes her eyes a moment . 
 `` very funny . 
 you know what really sucks ? '' 
 laken steps in until they 're chest to chest . 
 `` the fact you 're in a living hell each day right here on earth all because cooper flanders wants nothing to do with you . 
 it must suck knowing you 're the last person on the planet he would ever think of f ** king . '' 
 grayson huffs a laugh , and my stomach boils because i can feel it coming . 
 `` now you 're the one who 's being funny because i happen to be the last person on this planet he did f ** k. '' laken flinches as if she forgot that fact . 
 grayson pokes a finger into laken 's chest . 
 `` and , if i remember correctly , he liked it a lot . 
 which must suck for you since you will never ever know what it feels like to have cooper flanders moan your name out in passion . 
 he 's all about monogamy . '' 
 she rolls her eyes as if it were ridiculous on some level . 
 `` i should know , i found out the hard way . 
 and , rumor has it , there 's an essential ceremony this sunday night , starring you and wesley . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me '' - she jabs her finger once again into laken 's chest - `` i 've got a best friend to console because you just so happen to be stealing the love of her life . '' 
 she glances back at me briefly . 
 `` thank god you 're not touching mine . '' 
 grayson licks her lips before reverting back to laken . 
 `` and grow some damn boobs , would you ? '' 
 she takes off leaving the mixing bowl , batter and all . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with my boobs ! '' 
 laken shouts after her . 
 `` i second that . '' 
 i tweak a crooked smile . 
 `` not that i know . 
 i 'm just standing up for you . '' 
 a sly grin spreads across her face . 
 `` jen told me you were down here . 
 is everything okay ? 
 what happened to getting home to marky ? '' 
 laken is genuinely worried about my little sister , and that endears me to her even more . 
 `` she called when i was about halfway home-said her friend came by with her mom , and they 're baking cookies . '' 
 i nod over to the mixing bowl . 
 `` sounds like a trend . '' 
 crap . 
 the last thing i needed to do was insinuate i was here baking cookies with grayson . 
 `` not that i was participating . '' 
 i hold my hands out as if this were a stick up . 
 she wrinkles her nose , never taking those crystalline eyes off mine . 
 `` i 'm just sorry i was witness to the cookie exchange . '' 
 `` again-i swear i was n't participating . 
 that was a hostile attack i did n't see coming . '' 
 her face deepens a severe shade of red . 
 `` i guess you should get used to those . '' 
 a sweeping sorrow takes over her features . 
 `` carter let me in on what it really means to be someone 's essential . 
 i guess this is far more serious than i thought . '' 
 `` wes did n't go over any of that with you ? '' 
 that 's just like wes-walk her into something backward as long as he gets his way . 
 `` he might have . 
 i 'm not sure . '' 
 she touches her temples and closes her eyes for a moment . 
 `` this is all more than i can process right now . '' 
 she takes in a quick breath . 
 `` you want to go somewhere private ? 
 the basement , maybe ? '' 
 the basement . 
 there 's a bedroom down there with a mattress ready and willing to accommodate , and it 's all too tempting . 
 i do n't think i should be anywhere near someplace private with laken , especially since she 's all but a few days away from a ritual akin to her wedding . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 it takes far more effort than i ever thought possible to push those words out . 
 `` laken . '' 
 i shake my head , despondent . 
 `` you 've made your choice . 
 i do n't want to interfere . '' 
 `` coop . '' 
 she digs her fingers into my chest . 
 `` you know why i 'm doing this . '' 
 i pull her hand off and bring it to my lips . 
 `` i swear to you , laken , there are other ways . '' 
 tears glitter in her eyes . 
 `` i do n't believe there are . '' 
 she gives a hard sniff . 
 `` think about it . 
 both you and marky , your dad , too-you 're all going to be reunited with your mom this sunday night . '' 
 `` it 's not a sure thing . '' 
 i would have never thought there was too high a price to pay for retrieving my mother from that hellhole , and now i 'm not sure . 
 all i know is , i feel like the world 's lousiest son for even thinking it . 
 `` you do n't know for a fact that they 'll give into your request . '' 
 `` wes says they ca n't deny us . '' 
 it 's true . 
 the counts will most likely honor it , but as long as there 's a fraction of a chance , they wo n't , it 's not worth losing laken over . 
 laken pleads with me to understand with those big , innocent eyes of hers , and it guts me . 
 it tears through my body as if i just chugged a gallon of bleach . 
 shit . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 hell , i know what i was thinking . 
 that one look at me and she 'd give both wes and the counts the finger . 
 but laken has a heart the size of jupiter , and she 'd sacrifice every damn day of her future to get her family back . 
 `` you 're a better person than me , you know that ? '' 
 she shakes her head just barely . 
 `` i 'm a terrible person , '' she whispers it low , hypnotic . 
 `` i 'm a liar . 
 i do n't deserve anybody . '' 
 she stares off at the expansive wall of stainless appliances . 
 `` i 'm giving everything to wes . '' 
 her lips try to curl into a smile , but she does n't give in . 
 `` once upon a time , he was all i wanted . '' 
 she forces her eyes to float up to mine before they retreat to somewhere just above my chest . 
 `` jen says i should kiss you . '' 
 the words come out staggered , mechanical . 
 `` would you kiss me , coop ? '' 
 i pull laken in , wrapping my arms tight around her back . 
 she 's going to belong to wesley forever , and after sunday , i 'll be taking my life in my hands just holding her like this . 
 `` i do n't think i should . '' 
 i touch my lips to her hair and savor the feeling . 
 laken believes there 's a countdown in the works , but in reality , the clock expired the moment she agreed to the essential ceremony , and perhaps long before that . 
 it looks like i 'm too big of a pu ** y to admit that her heart has belonged to wesley all along . 
 laken takes a deep breath and stares down at the floor a second . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 her arms find their way around my waist , and she hangs on for dear life as if she were about to fall fathoms into the deep unknowable sea . 
 `` would you mind if i introduced lacey to marky ? 
 they 're just about the same age , and i thought - '' i touch my finger to her lips and nod . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i press my eyes into hers with all my heart . 
 `` she would love to know lacey . 
 and marky would love to have you in her life as well . '' 
 i hold that wall up around my thoughts because god knows if i do n't , i might accidently guilt her into changing her mind . 
 i 'd get on my knees and beg , but i want the decision to be laken 's . 
 a part of me is pissed that she feels trapped into doing this-that wes has her right where he wants her , but at the end of the day , laken is the one pulling the trigger . 
 this is n't about me , and maybe , in the end , it 's not about laken either . 
 chalk it up to another f ** k-up sponsored by the counts . 
 laken closes her eyes and presses a heartfelt kiss over my finger before i slip it away . 
 `` goodnight , laken . '' 
 i pull her in and hold her like that a very long time . 
 `` goodnight , coop . '' 
 her fingers dig into my back , and i savor the feeling . 
 this is it for us . 
 we 've walked all the way to the end of the line . 
 i think we both know what we 're really saying is goodbye . 
 wesley fletch clicks away at his keyboard while working on a last minute paper for econ . 
 i should be doing the same , but i 've been staring into my phone for twenty minutes , like a moron , at the pictures grayson sent . 
 a numbness , a shock and pain with no end and no beginning has taken over my body , and i 'm afraid to move , afraid to breathe . 
 the first one was the kicker , laken in his arms , her face buried in his neck . 
 then there 's one of coop with his finger over her lips-another with the two of them openly holding one another as if the world were about to end , right there in the f ** king kitchen . 
 they 're not even hiding it anymore . 
 grayson said kres would gladly comfort me tonight-all i had to do was say the word . 
 an unwanted memory of just how she used to comfort me rolls through my body . 
 i wish laken wanted me that way . 
 and maybe she does . 
 coop was the one who went to her , not the other way around . 
 but the way she 's holding him-that look of grief on her face lets me know she 's afraid of what comes next . 
 a knock erupts at the door and both fletch and i look up as if it were magically going to answer itself . 
 in truth , i 'm scared to death to see who it is-to find laken on the other side waiting to tell me she ca n't go through with the ceremony because she does n't love me and never wants to see my f ** king face again . 
 the door opens , and it 's not laken , it 's coop-thankfully alone . 
 i 'm not sure how i 'd feel if they were tag-teaming me to let me in on their `` feelings '' for one another . 
 fletch looks up from his desk . 
 `` what 's up , coop ? '' 
 `` not much . '' 
 he steps in , shooting me an apprehensive look . 
 `` you mind if i get a minute alone with wes ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 you want to dry hump his leg ? '' 
 fletcher settles back into his sports article . 
 `` get out , fletch , '' i bark it out a little harsher than anticipated . 
 he gets up and tosses a pair of socks at me . 
 `` i 'll be back in ten . 
 try not to let him get you to second base until the next date , sugar lips . '' 
 he takes off and entombs the two of us in this tiny room . 
 it feels like a cage-like a prison cell , a death chamber . 
 i force myself to look at him . 
 he used to be someone i counted as a friend , but now i ca n't make it past the fact he 's some guy that laken has willingly sealed her lips over-that she almost replaced me with because i could n't believe a word she said . 
 my gut cinches as he takes a seat across from me because , deep down , i 'm afraid laken has already done just that , replaced me . 
 `` i take it you 're not here to borrow a book , '' i say it low and measured , grinding my teeth together to keep from roaring in his face to stay the f ** k away from my girlfriend . 
 `` nope . '' 
 he clasps his hands over his knees . 
 `` just wanted to let you know i ran into laken . '' 
 he holds my gaze heavy as iron . 
 ran into laken ? 
 what an ass ** le . 
 `` yeah ? 
 let me guess , you wrapped your arms around her and begged her not to take that next step with me because you 're afraid your dick will fall off the next time you 're near her . '' 
 his eyes widen a notch . 
 `` thought so . '' 
 i should strangle him with a shoelace and call it self-defense . 
 half the school would back me . 
 `` you thought wrong . '' 
 he blinks a quick smile . 
 `` i came by to tell her i supported whatever she wanted . 
 i mean it , wes . 
 whatever makes laken happy is what i want . '' 
 i nod into him , solemn as shit . 
 `` good deal . 
 that 's all i want , too . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 coop spears me with a look , like maybe he knows something . 
 `` that 's all either one of us should want . 
 laken is an amazing person . '' 
 his adam 's apple rises before taking a dive . 
 `` she deserves anything her heart desires . '' 
 he gets up and takes off . 
 fletch comes back into the room with a miffed look on his face in light of his momentary displacement . 
 funny , fletch is more ticked about getting his ass out of a chair than coop was about losing laken forever . 
 i smell a rat . 
 and the rat 's name is cooper flanders . 
 thursday , the coach calls off practice , so i hang out with fletch . 
 it 's strange because of all the memories of cider plains , it 's the ones with laken and fletch that bring me the most joy , and here he is . 
 the last thing about kansas i remember was the pain of losing my grandfather . 
 that man was a saint , a hero , and everything golden that i wish i could be . 
 i aim to be half the man he was . 
 he loved my grandmother to her dying breath , and when she passed , she was all he ever talked about . 
 that 's exactly how i plan on loving laken , with every fiber of my being . 
 of course , i want to die first . 
 i never want to live a moment on this planet without laken . 
 fletch and i play racquetball then clean up and head back through the gym . 
 usually it 's just a bunch of guys weight training , but i 'm a little surprised to find that the entire cheer squad has descended on the free weights . 
 i spot laken and make a beeline in her direction before flanders shows up because , god knows , he ca n't leave her alone for one f ** king minute . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i tweak her ribs playfully , and she spins into me . 
 her eyes smile before she does , and she wraps her arms around my neck like she 's actually happy to see me . 
 `` i am happy to see you . '' 
 she bites over her lip , proud to have read my mind so freely . 
 my heart thumps unnaturally because we both know where she 's getting her infusions . 
 `` you need any help with those ? '' 
 i nod down at the hot pink dumbbells she 's sporting and hold back a smile . 
 laken is cute as hell in her cheer uniform-those day-glow fashion accessories dangling from her hands . 
 `` this is why i love you , '' she purrs as i get behind her and mold my body to hers . 
 `` you 're always so willing to help . '' 
 she bites down a laugh , and my heart soars at how genuine she is . 
 it 's as if we 're back , the old laken and wes . 
 `` you want to hang out later ? '' 
 i press a kiss to her ear . 
 `` just you and me ? 
 i 'd love to sketch you in your uniform . '' 
 a laugh bubbles from her throat . 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen her so happy . 
 `` how about we save the sketching for next week ? '' 
 she pulls one of the weights to her chin . 
 `` maybe i 'll let you sketch me without my uniform ? '' 
 she drops her gaze to the floor . 
 her lips press together as if the idea excited her on some level . 
 i do n't bother telling her i 've imagined that scenario a million times at least-that she was fostering one of my oldest fantasies and a fresh hard-on in my boxers all at the same time . 
 `` sounds like a very erotic date . '' 
 `` oh , it will be , '' she purrs into her assurance . 
 the football team bleeds into the area with coop leading the pack . 
 crap . 
 i land another kiss to laken 's cheek , then one more just shy of her lips as my body presses into her back . 
 `` wes , stop , '' she whispers . 
 `` stop what ? '' 
 i help her do a few quick reps as her body goes rigid . 
 `` you know , what . 
 cooper is here . 
 i do n't want you making him feel bad . '' 
 i shoot a hard look up at him , and he 's quick to turn the other way . 
 `` coop is fine . '' 
 i land another kiss to her ear . 
 `` but if it makes you feel better , i 'll take a quick shower and let you do your thing . '' 
 this is a good time to show her i wo n't think twice about leaving her alone in the same room with that predator . 
 besides , sweat was raining from my body just a few minutes ago . 
 i would n't blame her for using coop as an excuse to get my smelly ass away . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 i glide my hands over her hips before jogging back to the showers . 
 i spend the next twenty minutes lathering and rinsing , and all the while imagining cooper flanders ' wrapped around laken like a vine . 
 i dry off and toss my clothes on before heading back . 
 the weight room has all but cleared out . 
 the cheerleaders are hitting the exit , and i spot coop with laken at the door . 
 she nods into him with her eyes dragging down her cheeks , her lips pursed . 
 he 's playing her for sympathy . 
 poor coop and his unloved dick . 
 she tries to hug him , but he backs up and offers a half-hearted high five instead . 
 laken takes off with carter , leaving the room devoid of any estrogen-carrying-card members unless you count the big pu ** y headed in my direction . 
 `` nice work , '' i quip , lying down on a bench with thirty-pound weights already set and ready to go . 
 coop hovers up above and shakes his head as i push out a quick rep of twenty . 
 `` you do n't know what the hell you 're talking about . '' 
 he whips a towel across the back of his neck . 
 `` if i were you , i 'd cool down . 
 i 'd hate to see you spend the rest of your life worried someone might take her affection from you . '' 
 `` you calling me insecure ? '' 
 `` i did n't call you insecure-you did . '' 
 he turns toward the equipment , debating which one his sorry ass will guilt into choosing him . 
 `` you 're not the sharpest tool , coop . '' 
 i land the weights back on the bar and sit up to get a better look at him . 
 he turns to me , and i hold back a laugh . 
 `` you think you have it in the bag , that your face and social standing are enough to sway her to your corner , but i have news for you-laken buried me in her heart a long time ago , and i took root . 
 death could n't stop us , the counts could n't hold us down , and you 're sure as hell not going to stand in our way . 
 we 've already leapfrogged over you and had one hell of a time doing it . '' 
 his jaws pops , the muscles in his chest twitch . 
 i jump up and give him a hard shove back . 
 `` watching you squirm is almost as good as hearing her tell me she loves me . '' 
 i storm out of the building and into the pouring rain . 
 a ring of lightning goes off up above like a crown of thorns , and my head explodes with pain as if god , himself , were pressing it into my skull . 
 i wish i were watching coop squirm back there , but i think both of us know it was me who was doing the squirming . 
 saturday night rolls around , and i make the trek with fletch to help commemorate the girls ' dorm . 
 the lights dim to a comfortable level as the common room at austen house is transformed into party central . 
 the music lays out a low , steady rhythm as couples dance in the center of the room . 
 girls in their finest dresses , guys with not much more than a polo and jeans . 
 laken appears at the top of the stairs and scans the area as her gaze solidifies on someone near the fireplace . 
 i ca n't take my eyes off laken . 
 her hair shines like burnished gold . 
 her skin glows a soft peach as if she were illuminated from the inside . 
 she wears a red dress that hugs her curves to perfection , annunciating her cle ** age deeper than i 'm used to . 
 she gives a little smile , and her eyes laugh at someone near the fire . 
 i do n't need to look to see who it is . 
 i already know it 's flanders , and my heart breaks witnessing the exchange . 
 fletch nudges me in the ribs . 
 `` everything okay between you two ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 you in the mood to put my balls in a vise if i say yes ? '' 
 `` maybe , maybe not . '' 
 he flexes a grimace . 
 `` dude , she 's my little sister . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` but i care about you , too . 
 tomorrow night is a big deal for you guys , and i know after that , as stupid as it sounds , you 're going to be more of a brother to me . '' 
 fletch holds out a hand , and i shake it . 
 `` let me be the first to welcome you to the family . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 my heart warms at the thought of garnering fletcher 's approval . 
 traditionally you save your well wishes until afterwards as to not entice any negative energy from clogging up the ceremony , but i 'll take it from fletch any damn time he wants to give it . 
 `` yeah , really . '' 
 he nods over to carter who 's already bopping her way over from across the room . 
 `` you know i 'm not going to be there . 
 i 'd be the first to bust through that wall of flames and pluck your sorry ass off my sister . '' 
 he shakes his head with a laugh . 
 `` check out coop , sulking by the fire as if he wanted to jump in . 
 i bet you 're pretty damn glad he ca n't be there , or else he 'd make the leap . 
 he 's just that stupid . '' 
 he ticks his head to the side . 
 `` poor guy . 
 it must suck wanting someone so bad when you know you ca n't have 'em . '' 
 my stomach pinches because a part of me happens to know just how that feels . 
 `` it must . '' 
 fletch and carter collide , and tongues start flying , so i get the heck out of the way before i become a lingual casualty . 
 i spot laken in the middle of the room with her beautiful eyes quivering a watery blue , the flames reflecting her tears . 
 she pivots in my direction and forces a smile to come and go on her lips . 
 `` you look good . '' 
 her chest pumps as if she ran a marathon . 
 her cheeks flush with color , and , for a minute , i think she means it . 
 `` you look impeccable . '' 
 my hands glide down her waist , over her hips and back up again . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 her cheeks darken a shade . 
 `` come here . '' 
 she takes me by the hand and leads us to an oversized chocolate cake sitting on a table in the corner . 
 in light blue icing it reads , congratulations , wes and laken ! 
 my chest loosens `` what 's this ? '' 
 not that i mind . 
 hell , i 'm loving it . 
 in fact i want to make sure flanders gets the biggest piece . 
 `` jen 's way of commemorating the night in a special way . 
 there 's another cake floating around somewhere for austen house . '' 
 `` i love it . '' 
 i never take my eyes off her . 
 `` and i love you . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 her arms circle around my neck . 
 `` i guess this is our last night in a strange way . '' 
 `` last night ? '' 
 i pull her in until her hips connect with mine . 
 i know what she means , but i want her to elaborate . 
 `` before we graduate to far greener , more hormonally-charged pastures . '' 
 she buries a tiny grin in her cheek , and my body loosens for the first time in a week because it 's really happening . 
 `` how would you like to spend the night ? '' 
 `` just like this . '' 
 she picks up my hand and begins swaying to the music . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 we sway to the rhythm for the next few hours , long after flanders leaves with his tail between his legs , long after jen stops the music . 
 a part of me does n't want to stop . 
 i 'm afraid everything we are will stop right along with it . 
 7 pain in the offering laken the autumn sky is a deep velvety purple with the stars sprinkled about , haphazard as spilt glitter . 
 wes asked if he could sketch me , so i grabbed one of the expensive shaggy blankets from off the couch , and we headed to the top of the hill behind melville . 
 it 's just after eleven . 
 jen made sure the austen house commemoration was plain as oatmeal . 
 it was no postgame kegger , not the scent of a blunt lit up the air . 
 jen is going to make a fantastic warden someday . 
 `` like this ? '' 
 i lay over the boucle cotton , a deep sage that i 'm sure i 'll muddy up before the night is through . 
 my red dress sparkles with its metallic threading . 
 my pale legs light up the night like fallen lightning bolts . 
 they glow like alabaster against the expanse of the woods behind us . 
 `` just like that , '' it rumbles from him breathy and deep . 
 it sounds sexual in every way and makes my stomach squeeze tight at the thought of what it might be like tomorrow night at the commitment ceremony . 
 wes and all of our love is like a storm-a perfect tempest that shifts and boils with fits of passion , fueled from the memories that echo from the past . 
 our love thunders and vibrates out of tune , uneasy as if quarreling with itself while testifying its authenticity . 
 wes is a tidal wave that consumed me long ago-his noble features , that shock of dark hair . 
 i was lost in the deep sea of his eyes before i was twelve . 
 when wes holds me , i feel the rush of who we were , who we could be again one day if we burn down the lineage that fate saw fit to deal us . 
 i can never accept this new life , these false identities rife with wickedness . 
 and here we are on the eve of accepting this birthright , on the eve of becoming who we never thought we were . 
 another storm is upon us , dark and brooding , percolating with evil intent . 
 this new malicious world is ready to crown us king and queen . 
 wes and i will rule the night-wear the storm clouds over our backs like wings . 
 my heart has become heavy with wes inside it , stretched to capacity at the seams , ready to burst and rain down heartache and bloodshed all in the name of the counts . 
 our love comes equip with fury and vengeance , leaving the past to linger like a ghost who had long since perished , haunting us with the promise of a past it could never bring back to us . 
 loving wes feels barren-all this goodness and nowhere to go . 
 we were everything good and right in a casket nailed shut by the counts . 
 coop flashes before my eyes like a poltergeist , hot and alive , burning in a vat of flames . 
 holding cooper in my heart is like holding a raging fire . 
 coop smolders through my minds ' eye as i witness our first encounter in those haunted woods as if it were a fresh memory . 
 i will never forget the tender way he held me in his eyes . 
 coop saved me from a certain death that day by killing a spectator for me-one who we would later find out was emmanuel tobias , hattie and amelia 's father . 
 and now , hattie 's granddaughter , who shares her moniker , is a spectator herself , and we 've yet to regenerate poor kara and richard . 
 thankfully , they 're still safe in the transfer . 
 coop and i are barreling a million miles an hour down a narrow thorny path , but sometimes the things that are harder in life are all the more worth the fight . 
 he calls to me in the wind . 
 i hear his voice echo my name through the rattle of leaves in the forest . 
 no matter how hard my mind tries to stray , it always goes back to coop . 
 i wonder how long after i become wesley 's essential that it will take to scour coop from my mind-i already know i can never scour him from my heart . 
 i lie back on the blanket and stretch my arms up over my head . 
 `` that 's excellent . '' 
 wes moans as if there were some physical satisfaction taking place simply from viewing me . 
 the stars wink in turn as if mocking me , as if this were all some cosmic joke , some very long , highly detailed bad dream i would wake from . 
 i ca n't imagine what i would do if i woke up in my old bed in cider plains and this had all been some warped and twisted nightmare . 
 tears would be my new friend . 
 i 'd pull my heart from my chest and wring it out just to stave off the agony over the fact cooper flanders was simply a figment of my imagination . 
 my body heaves as i take a deep breath . 
 cooper . 
 i lose myself staring into the night sky as i try to connect the stars to make up his name , his likeness , the essence of his being . 
 i find orion 's bow . 
 coop is a hunter , if you count tracking down spectators . 
 he 's the best as far as that goes . 
 too bad he was n't able to hunt down demetri 's son . 
 as far as i can tell that was the only other way to get into those tunnels . 
 those damn tobias sisters finally proved themselves fruitless . 
 `` you 're quiet , '' wes whispers as he furtively strokes his pencil over his enormous white sketchpad . 
 it glows like a portal to some other dimension in this cinder-colored world . 
 `` so are you . '' 
 wes peers over at me from around his oversized journal . 
 his dimples press into his face like a pair of trembling bees . 
 `` i 'm finished . '' 
 he comes over and glides in next to me , abandoning his work at our feet . 
 `` let 's see it . '' 
 i lean over and peer at the faint tracks of the pencil as they create a lead grey world of trees and stones-my likeness embedded right in the middle . 
 `` wes , '' his name springs from me with amazement . 
 `` i 'd say it 's like looking in a mirror , but i think you were a little generous . '' 
 this girl is far too beautiful to ever be me . 
 `` that 's exactly what you look like , laken . 
 that 's exactly what i see . '' 
 wes gently pushes the hair off my shoulders before bowing into a kiss . 
 `` do n't ever underestimate yourself . 
 i 've seen the way both men and women look at you , and that includes every soul at ephemeral . '' 
 his hand rides low over my hip . 
 wes never takes his emerald eyes off mine . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` speaking of souls . 
 i ca n't help feeling we 're turning in ours tomorrow night . '' 
 `` to each other . '' 
 he picks up my hand and kisses it . 
 `` and to the counts . '' 
 `` we are the counts . '' 
 his eyes glint in the dim light . 
 my throat constricts at the thought of belonging to the countenance for all eternity . 
 `` we 'll belong to each other . '' 
 `` the counts first , then each other . '' 
 he kisses my hand again . 
 `` it 's god , then family . '' 
 `` the counts are n't god , wes . '' 
 `` we 'll be closer than you think . '' 
 `` you like the thought of all this power , do n't you ? '' 
 he gets that sleepy look in his eyes as his fingers sear over my inner thigh . 
 i can taste his lust for me as it spins through the air , thick and sweet as syrup . 
 a rumbling sound thunders from deep in the woods , and i freeze . 
 wesley does n't seem to notice as he streams one erotic kiss after another down my neck , down lower still all the way to my cle ** age . 
 an inhuman howl emits from the forest , and this time it 's coming from only a few yards away . 
 `` you know . '' 
 i gently pluck his hand out from between my thighs . 
 `` i think we should call it a night before things get too freaky . '' 
 i shoot a look to the woods . 
 i already know how this night will end if we hang around for another minute-the stench of death , an entire herd of the undead . 
 if anything , ephemeral knows how to show you a wild time on a saturday night . 
 `` let 's save the best for tomorrow . 
 you know what they say '' - i plant a heated kiss over his lips - `` anticipation is half the fun . '' 
 wes pulls back not bothering to hide the disappointment on his face . 
 `` less than twenty-four hours . '' 
 he picks up my hand and threads our fingers . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 `` i 'm positive , '' it speeds from me . 
 my heart starts to riot at the thought of seeing lacey in less than twenty-four hours . 
 `` and you ? 
 are you sure you want me , forever ? '' 
 `` laken . '' 
 he shakes his head , his eyes wide and serious . 
 `` i have never been so sure about anything in all my life . 
 just knowing that we 're going to be together , that no one will ever have the chance to come between us . 
 its more than any person could ask for . '' 
 wes wraps his arm around me before offering a tender kiss that qualifies as almost chaste . 
 `` it 's always been me and you . 
 it always will be . '' 
 and deep in my soul , a frightened part of me knows this to be true . 
 wes walks me back to austen house , and i wait until he 's up over the ridge . 
 `` did you have a great night ? '' 
 jen lays her chin on my shoulder , and we look out at the blank canvas of night together . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's always great with wes . 
 i thought we should say goodnight early considering what tomorrow is . '' 
 i force a tiny smile . 
 `` you mind if i borrow your car ? 
 there 's someone else i 'd like to say goodnight to . '' 
 `` laken . '' 
 jen closes her eyes a moment too long . 
 `` forget about him . 
 there 's nothing left to say . '' 
 `` there 's always goodbye . '' 
 goodbye is all that 's left between coop and me . 
 coop and all our love is perfect and consuming , an all-out fire that will never be extinguished , and for all eternity , i 'll burn for him . 
 how can i ever say goodbye ? 
 cooper austen house sucked tonight-big hairy balls to be exact . 
 grayson was one inch away from reintroducing me to her ni ** les . 
 i had to take off before she got in a major assault . 
 besides , i could n't hang around for another minute watching wes rocking laken in his arms . 
 i guess this is it . 
 their future begins tomorrow , and mine officially ends . 
 edinger and the deal i worked out with the devil comes back to the forefront of my mind-win laken 's heart or live out the rest of my days in the tunnels . 
 it looks like it 's the counts and me for all eternity . 
 i 'll have to tell dad . 
 i 'm sort of hoping that he and marky will find a way to visit . 
 maybe ezrina would be willing to help . 
 shit . 
 how in the hell did everything go so wrong so fast ? 
 marky struts in and opens the fridge as if she were fanning herself . 
 `` what are you doing up so late ? '' 
 `` ca n't sleep . 
 i thought maybe i 'd have a snack , watch a little tv . '' 
 she tilts into me , full with suspicion . 
 `` why are n't you out with your girlfriend ? '' 
 `` what girlfriend ? '' 
 i pluck the peanut butter out of the cupboard . 
 `` you know , my future sister-laken . '' 
 her future sister . 
 my heart breaks for marky . 
 little does she know that by this time tomorrow , she may not even have a brother . 
 `` laken 's not my girlfriend , marky . '' 
 not tonight , not ever . 
 `` well do something about it . '' 
 she looks up at me over the rim of her reading glasses , her hair sprayed out around her in a ball of frizz . 
 `` just ask her to be your girlfriend . '' 
 `` there 's not a thing on this planet i could do to get her to be my girlfriend . '' 
 marky stares over at me , her hand still clutching the refrigerator door . 
 `` do i have to spell everything out for you ? '' 
 she gives a huff of frustration . 
 `` you have to kiss her with your tongue if you want her to like you , stupid . '' 
 `` says who ? '' 
 `` says my friends . '' 
 `` get new friends . '' 
 crap . 
 the last thing i need to worry about is marky getting boys to like her by way of her tongue . 
 shit . 
 maybe i can work out some deal with edinger so that i get to stick around until marky 's thirty . 
 edinger 's got to have a heart in there somewhere . 
 hell , i 'll volunteer to run a blood drive . 
 the counts can pull right up to my neck any damn time they please just to refuel . 
 `` besides , laken sort of already has a boyfriend . '' 
 `` she should kick him out of town . '' 
 out of town ? 
 i like her trajectory . 
 marky pulls out the milk and a box of cereal from the pantry a little more aggressively than necessary . 
 `` if laken does n't pick you , i 'll hate you forever . '' 
 she snarls at me as if there were an underlying physical threat buried in her words-as if i 've screwed things up simply by being myself , and , come to think of it , i probably have . 
 `` if laken does n't pick me , i 'll be damned . '' 
 forever-in the tenebrous woods , but i leave that part out . 
 even if i was still on planet earth , i 'd be damned without laken . 
 `` you said a bad word ! '' 
 she holds a spoon in the air as if she were frozen in time . 
 `` i meant it . '' 
 a pair of headlights illuminates the kitchen before cutting out . 
 i glance out the window to find an unfamiliar suv in the driveway . 
 `` looks like we 've got company . '' 
 i step away from the window so they do n't see me squinting out into the night . 
 it 's probably wes coming to hack my dick off with a meat cleaver . 
 nothing could round out this crap evening more efficiently than getting either one of my heads chopped off . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 marky zips over and tackles me just as a light knock erupts over the kitchen window . 
 we look over to find laken 's beautiful face smiling at the two of us as she waves . 
 `` she 's here ! '' 
 marky pushes me to the side and makes a beeline for the door . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 she skips over and just about takes laken down in her gorgeous red dress , her sky-high matching heels . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 laken wraps her arms around my sister and buries her face in her hair , holding her like that a good long while . 
 `` what are you doing up this late ? '' 
 she pulls back , her cheeks glowing from the momentary exchange . 
 `` nobody around here cares when i get to bed . '' 
 she makes a face , juicing it up to make my dad and me sound like a couple of wild apes . 
 `` i was just about to eat a big bowl of sugary cereal , and this one here '' - she points to me - `` was n't even going to try to stop me . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 i pluck my sister back . 
 `` why do n't you go brush your teeth ? 
 i 'm about to implement a little tough love , and i have a feeling you wo n't like it . '' 
 `` but what about the cereal ? '' 
 `` i 'll eat it . '' 
 `` but - '' `` it 's past your bedtime . '' 
 i give her a gentle shove toward the stairs . 
 `` brush your teeth . '' 
 `` nice move , flanders . '' 
 laken tilts into me . 
 `` you 're going to make a great dad someday . '' 
 `` yeah , well , according to marky i 'll have a bunch of toothless night owls . '' 
 i take a step into her and freeze . 
 my natural inclination was to pull her in , to feel her body warm against mine , but tomorrow changes everything , even how i look at her tonight . 
 `` what brings you here ? '' 
 i say it low , almost afraid to say it at all in the event i might make her feel unwelcome . 
 but it 's the furthest from the truth . 
 my heart soars just having her in the same room with me . 
 `` i asked jen if i could borrow her car to come say goodnight . '' 
 a spike of adrenaline rockets through me . 
 laken drove a million country miles to say those simple words , and not for a second do i believe that 's all she wanted to say . 
 `` you want to hang out for a little while ? 
 it feels kind of strange saying goodnight to someone who just got here . '' 
 not to mention the fact i never want her to leave . 
 `` yeah , i 'd like that . 
 i had some of jen 's muddy coffee earlier , so i 'm wide awake . '' 
 laken sweeps those unapologetic eyes over my features , dripping them down my chest before springing back to meet my gaze . 
 my heart drums against my chest . 
 a smile twitches on my lips , but i 'm afraid to give it-afraid that the kiss she offered the other night is still coming in grand style . 
 there 's no way laken came here to let me know she changed her mind . 
 she 's a thousand percent convinced that it 's the one sure-fire way to get our families back in record time . 
 and as much as i hate it , she might be right . 
 `` what would you like to do ? '' 
 i slap my hands over my thighs stupidly . 
 `` anything . '' 
 laken steps in until i can feel the fibers from her dress tickling my shirt . 
 `` great . '' 
 my dick perks up as if it were being roused from a long slumber . 
 `` i 've got a couple of board games , and i think i 've got a deck of cards around somewhere . 
 or we could watch a movie . '' 
 my heart tries to bang its way out of my chest . 
 you 'd think i 'd never been alone with laken before , that she did n't spend endless nights here just a few weeks back-that i did n't hold her in my arms until sunrise . 
 but tonight is different . 
 i think we both know that . 
 her perfect golden hair crests over her chest , and my insides grind because i 've never wanted anyone the way i want laken right now . 
 `` the movie sounds good . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` great . '' 
 i take an unsteady breath . 
 `` we can ask marky and my dad to join us if you want . '' 
 crap . 
 that 's not what i want . 
 `` or we can watch it in your bedroom . '' 
 she runs her fingers through my hair while grazing on her bottom lip with her teeth . 
 `` just you and me-alone . '' 
 `` that sounds like a better idea . '' 
 hell , that sounds downright brilliant . 
 maybe laken does want this with me . 
 god , i hope so . 
 i press into the small of her back and let her walk up the stairs first . 
 it 's the last time this will ever happen , and it feels more like a final walk down death row than it does some nighttime jaunt to my bedroom with the girl of my dreams . 
 we get to my room , and i lock the door then proceed to barricade it with my backpack and its arsenal of textbooks . 
 `` here we are , '' i say taking her in . 
 laken is a vision in red . 
 i 'm burning for her , and seeing her lit up like a flame is n't exactly helping the situation . 
 i go to reach for the remote , and laken grabs me by the wrist . 
 `` remember that night we danced here ? 
 do you think we can do that again ? '' 
 her eyes pull down with sadness , and there 's not one note of her trying to seduce me . 
 this is simply the end , and laken wants one more round before we call the fight . 
 i pluck my phone out of my pocket and cue up a slow song on repeat . 
 the music swims through the air just loud enough for the two of us to hear . 
 i hold out my arms , and laken folds into my body . 
 the sweet scent from her skin infiltrates me , and i start to lose it . 
 i want her , all of her , tonight and forever . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i pull her in hard and press my lips over her hair . 
 laken grips me as if we were about to blow away . 
 she digs her fingernails into my back , and i memorize the pain . 
 this is it-our entire future is encapsulated in this moment . 
 my hips press into hers , hard to the bone , and my dick stretches to life unrepentantly . 
 laken lets out an uneven moan as her head rolls over her shoulders . 
 she crushes her chest to mine , and i close my eyes , soaking in the tender feel of her body . 
 her fingers fumble to my chest as she works to unbutton my shirt . 
 `` laken . '' 
 i open my mouth to protest , and she touches a finger to my lips with merely a glance up at me . 
 she lays her head over my bare flesh and sighs . 
 we rock to the music that way for a very long time with my fingers digging through her hair . 
 her cheek rubs over my skin as if she were trying to get a lifetime fill . 
 `` we ca n't move any further tonight . '' 
 i let out a heated breath right into her ear , and she nods beneath me . 
 wes would know . 
 hell , he probably already knows . 
 laken looks up at me with her sad eyes , her downturned lips . 
 `` what would make you happy , coop ? '' 
 she brushes her fingers against the side of my face , and i catch her by the wrist , burying a kiss in her palm . 
 `` you , safe-right here with me . '' 
 my eyes pierce right through to her soul because there are no truer words than these . 
 she gives a steady nod , never taking her sweet eyes from mine , and we sway under the harsh light from above , examining one another with grievous hearts because we both know we 'll never be in this close proximity again . 
 `` do n't miss me . '' 
 i shake my head-my thoughts pigeonholed in the barricade my mind put up . 
 `` i already miss you . '' 
 her lips tug down , but she tries to fight it . 
 i wish this were n't impossible . 
 she shares the words through her thoughts . 
 i get it . 
 it 's safer that way . 
 there are some words you simply do n't want to own . 
 she glances up at me . 
 i wish there were some other surefire way into those tunnels . 
 i rub my arms over her back . 
 sometimes in life there , are no words . 
 sometimes in life , people are incapable of consoling others because they , themselves , are hurting too damn much . 
 `` i wish we could ask skyla a few more questions . '' 
 she blows it out in one desperate breath . 
 `` there has to be something that can give us the upper hand . '' 
 `` there is a way . '' 
 my lips curve at the idea . 
 `` you in the mood to do a little interdimensional exploration ? '' 
 `` coop , '' she says it low , seductive . 
 `` i 'm in if you are . '' 
 i close my eyes and bend my head back . 
 `` paragon , '' i whisper , and the room shifts and warps beneath our feet . 
 `` take us to skyla . '' 
 the scent of damp soil fills the air . 
 a periwinkle sky hovers overhead as a blanket of fog sinks around us . 
 laken and i find ourselves in a thicket-nothing but a field of evergreens to our left and right . 
 a house sits up ahead with the lights on . 
 `` stay here . 
 i 'll run up and see what 's going on inside . '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 she warms her arms with her hands while i make a beeline for the oversized cabin . 
 i 'm guessing this is skyla 's house since edinger all but dropped us off at the doorstep . 
 i hop up the wooden porch , stealth , trying to keep low to the ground , and peer in through the sliding glass door . 
 a group of teenagers sit around the table . 
 i spot skyla looking distressed in the back . 
 the wes lookalike is there as well . 
 he looks out the window at me , squinting as if he were unsure if i was just a shadow . 
 i turn around and jump down the stairs before running over to laken . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 she catches me by the waist as i pant into her . 
 `` she 's got a bunch of friends over . 
 i think we need to find a better time to speak with her . '' 
 i look up at the ever-darkening sky . 
 `` you hear that ? 
 let 's try it again . 
 make it work this time . '' 
 the sky spins in a dirty shade of navy . 
 the world rebuilds itself , and this time laken and i hold one another on a dance floor as dozens of people move to the music . 
 `` looks like prom . '' 
 laken takes a breath . 
 `` at least one of us is dressed for the occasion . '' 
 i pull back and marvel at how hot laken looks tonight . 
 `` you 're downright gorgeous . 
 i do n't need to see another soul to know you 're the most beautiful girl in this room . '' 
 `` all right , flanders . '' 
 she bites down on her lip . 
 `` you can give me all the compliments you want once we get back to your room . 
 let 's find skyla . '' 
 a dark-haired girl bumps into laken as she dances with her friends . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she snarls as if she 's anything but . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 you would n't happen to know where i could find skyla messenger would you ? '' 
 `` skyla ? '' 
 she elongates her body at the sound of skyla 's name . 
 her lips stretch into a dark , brooding smile . 
 `` why , yes , i do . '' 
 she cuts her eyes over to me . 
 she swallows down a laugh as if she knows more than she 's letting on . 
 there 's an inherent evil about her and instinctually i think we should run far and fast . 
 `` you guys are n't from around here , are you ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i 'm laken , this is coop . '' 
 `` chloe bishop . '' 
 she holds out a hand , her body still grinding to the music . 
 `` so what 's up with skyla ? 
 you 're not holding back some life or death information , are you ? 
 i could certainly relay it . '' 
 her eyes roll back a moment as if she were dreaming up exactly what that might be-filling in the blanks with her own life or death scenarios . 
 some blond guy comes over with a girl who looks vaguely familiar . 
 `` it 's the mermaid from halloween ! '' 
 laken whispers . 
 `` that 's right , the girl with two names . '' 
 `` effing , coop ! '' 
 the dude slaps me some skin . 
 `` it 's me , ellis . 
 we were kicking ass and taking names in the faction war , dude . '' 
 `` faction war ? '' 
 laken looks to me for answers , and i shake my head . 
 i 've got no freaking clue , but i remember skyla mentioning it the last time we were here . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 the wes lookalike jumps between us . 
 `` coop . '' 
 he slaps my shoulder . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he looks around nervously as if the last thing he 's in the mood for is small talk . 
 laken steps into him , touches his face as if he were a statue . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he gives a nervous smile in lieu of an answer . 
 `` i take it you 're here for skyla . 
 she sort of has her hands full at the moment . '' 
 he cuts a dirty look to chloe who 's grinding her hips into his backside . 
 `` look , i got ta go . 
 there 's someone special here that both skyla and i need to talk to . 
 can you guys come back ? 
 say in a few weeks ? 
 things are pretty tough right now . '' 
 i take a breath . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 not what we wanted , but i guess it 's not the right time . 
 laken pulls him in by the arm before he takes off . 
 `` do you have any relatives in cider plains-anywhere in kansas ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm pretty sure i do n't . '' 
 he shakes his head apologetically . 
 `` we 'll catch up , soon , okay ? '' 
 he taps a finger in the air as he takes off into the crowd-in a hurry to find skyla and whoever that special guest might be . 
 `` looks like we 're out of luck , '' i say as the music crawls down to a slow , melodic pace . 
 `` or we 're very lucky . '' 
 i hold out a hand , and laken latches on . 
 `` it 's creepy here . '' 
 she lays her head over my shoulder as we sway to the music . 
 `` then by all means , let 's go home . '' 
 the scenery shifts , the crowded dance floor is traded for my tiny , cloistered bedroom . 
 `` we 're back . '' 
 laken glances around at the humble surroundings . 
 `` right here in my favorite place . '' 
 my heart thunders against hers at the thought of my bedroom being her favorite place . 
 it 's my favorite place when she 's in it . 
 anyplace she goes is my favorite . 
 i never feel more alive than i do when laken is around . 
 `` stay tonight . '' 
 i bounce my lips off her forehead . 
 `` i promise i wo n't push things . '' 
 she looks up at me with that tiny dimple digging into her cheek as if daring me to do exactly that . 
 `` of course , i 'll stay . '' 
 i kill the music and the lights before pulling laken to the bed . 
 we glide in next to one another , kicking off our shoes and smiling sweetly as i pull the comforter over us . 
 laken scoots in and stares up at me with those wide eyes , and for the first time i see a level of hopelessness in them . 
 a stabbing pain ignites in my chest because , deep down , i 'm feeling it , too . 
 `` thank you for believing in me when nobody else would , '' she whispers . 
 here it is-one final moment to share our intimate thoughts . 
 `` i still believe in you . '' 
 somewhere in those words i was sending her a message , a code in plain text that screamed , pick me . 
 i 've reduced my heart and logic to that of marky , and all i could ever want in this moment is for laken to pick me . 
 `` i know you still believe in me . '' 
 she burrows in close , her hands rubbing freely over my chest . 
 `` would you do me a favor , coop ? '' 
 tears light up her eyes like shards . 
 `` anything . 
 i 'd rearrange the constellations for you , laken . '' 
 `` that 's awful sweet of you , coop . '' 
 she tucks her chin , bearing into my eyes from under her lashes . 
 `` but what i really want is for you to forgive me . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive . '' 
 she nods as if she understands . 
 i 'm not accepting an apology from her . 
 `` whoever you end up with , '' her words scratch out of her throat lower than a whisper . 
 `` whoever she is , she 's a very lucky girl . '' 
 my gut cinches because with all my body and soul i want that to be laken . 
 i suppose this is the part where i tell her the same about wes , that i wish them all the best and that i 'll be cheering for them the rest of my life , but my ego and my budding hard-on refuse to let me sing the accolades of some other guy when i know , with all my heart , i 'm the only one for laken . 
 `` i 'm not looking for anyone else . '' 
 not on earth , not in the tunnels . 
 `` i 'm sort of closing up shop in that arena of my life . '' 
 the future is a poem i wrote and buried in laken 's heart . 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 she flexes a weak smile , touching the outline of my lips . 
 `` you are too beautiful . 
 i command you populate the planet with at least a dozen mini-coopers . '' 
 `` mini-coopers , huh ? '' 
 my dick ticks like a bomb , but i resist where it wants to land next . 
 `` i think the world will be okay without them . '' 
 `` not true . '' 
 she presses in until we 're a breath away . 
 `` please , i love you so much . 
 i 'd die if you were n't happy . '' 
 i want to say , i 'm already dying , so we 'd make quite a pair , but do n't . 
 `` i 'm happy right now , and that 's all that matters . '' 
 i touch my cheek to hers until her breathing grows shallow and even . 
 the night wears on , but i ca n't sleep . 
 i 'd try counting sheep , but i know for a fact they 'd all morph into laken . 
 her thigh brushes over mine as she scoots back into me . 
 `` you asleep ? '' 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 i wrap my arm around her waist and pull her in tight until we 're spooning . 
 `` and miss a moment of you by my side ? '' 
 way to sound desperate and sarcastic all rolled into one . 
 i guess it does n't matter . 
 she and i both know these moments are fleeting . 
 but i meant it . 
 i do n't want to miss a single minute with laken . 
 she reaches back and touches my cheek . 
 `` i do n't want to miss a moment with you either , coop . '' 
 but we 're going to miss a lot of moments . 
 in fact , this might be the last one we ever get to share . 
 when the sun finally yawns to life , we head downstairs , and i make us a big breakfast-pancakes , eggs , bacon , the works . 
 afterwards , laken sits on the couch , braiding marky 's hair while i catch up on the college football draft on my laptop . 
 it all feels so natural , so easy-right . 
 to me it seems pretty clear we should be together , and if last night was any indication , she feels the same way . 
 i 'm hopped up on the fantasy that there 's some other way to get our families out of the tunnels without losing one another for a lifetime . 
 not that she still would n't choose wes , but my ego likes to think otherwise . 
 `` will you come again tomorrow ? '' 
 marky does n't waste any time in setting up our next meeting . 
 `` yes , i will . '' 
 laken glances over at me . 
 `` i might even bring some special guests if you do n't mind . 
 my sister should be in town , and she 's just your age . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 marky squeals , straightening in her seat . 
 `` i ca n't wait ! 
 i 'd better go clean my room , or she 's going to think i 'm a huge slob . '' 
 she shoots up the stairs like a missile . 
 `` you are a slob , '' i shout after her half-heartedly . 
 `` she is not . '' 
 laken swats me with a pillow . 
 `` you want to do a crossword puzzle ? '' 
 i pick up my dad 's infamous book of brain strain off the table . 
 `` i thought you 'd never ask . '' 
 she pats a seat beside her . 
 `` my life is complete now . '' 
 i fall next to her on the couch , and her hip grazes against mine . 
 we solve the first three without a hitch before freezing out on an eleven-letter word for a ned buntline hero . 
 laken looks it up on her phone . 
 `` it 's buffalo bill . '' 
 `` mmm , i think you 're right , but then four across make no sense whatsoever . 
 something tells me this is going to take forever . '' 
 laken runs her finger over my hand then right down the pencil as if it were a phallic extension . 
 `` i 'm good with slow . 
 there are some things in life you just should n't rush . '' 
 my body throbs hot and ready to love her just as slow and long as she 'd like . 
 a pair of steady footsteps make their way over . 
 `` coop ? '' 
 dad calls as he emerges from his office . 
 `` right here . '' 
 laken 's hair is rumpled . 
 she 's still wearing her shiny red dress from last night . 
 i 'm pretty sure this reeks of `` spent the night , '' and i cringe at the thought of my dad tossing condoms at us like he did a few weeks back . 
 although this is one time i would n't have minded impregnating anyone . 
 it would have been my one and only chance to have a mini-cooper running around even if he were being raised with wesley playing the fatherly role . 
 my stomach turns just thinking about it . 
 `` i finished running those tests . '' 
 he stops short once he spots laken , and his eyes bug out before he employs something just this side of a smile . 
 `` good morning . 
 did you stay the night ? '' 
 that smile glides right back off . 
 he likes to get to the point , i 'll give him that . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 laken shrinks three inches . 
 `` no , please do n't apologize . '' 
 he holds up a hand . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he looks genuinely worried for her , and this warms me . 
 i like the fact my father cares about her welfare . 
 laken already feels like family to me in so many ways . 
 we would have been perfect together . 
 a small voice inside me insists we still can be-that we will . 
 `` everything 's great , '' she says it soft , less than convincingly , and my father , wisely , does n't press the issue . 
 `` what about the blood tests ? '' 
 i 'm eager to find out if there 's any news . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` without a hint of what i 'm looking for , the angelic bloodlines all add up to the same five factions . '' 
 shit . 
 `` thanks anyway . '' 
 i nod for him to take off , hoping he 'll take the hint , but it 's laken who shifts . 
 `` i 'd better get going . '' 
 she stands and picks her shoes up off the ground . 
 `` it was nice seeing you again , mr. flanders . '' 
 she offers a shy smile before heading to the car . 
 i walk her out to jen 's glossy red suv , and she leans against the door looking a lot like an open flame against a blazing inferno . 
 i hate this . 
 i hate knowing that the next time i see her she 'll have been defiled by wes and his inherent hard-on for her-only in his case , he 'll actually get some relief . 
 i hate that it wo n't be me with laken . 
 that i 'll never get a chance to show her how much i love her just the way i want . 
 `` i guess this is really goodbye . '' 
 her lips quiver . 
 `` i wo n't say it . '' 
 there . 
 i may be powerless in every other way , but i 'll be damned if i 'm saying goodbye . 
 `` then i guess i 'll see you later . '' 
 she nods because i know she 's referring to the reunion she plans on providing between my mother and me . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i wrap my arms around her , tighter than necessary , so tight i can feel her struggle to breathe , so i relent . 
 instead , i press a kiss to the side of her head and land my mouth directly over her ear because i want her to hear the words i 'm about to say , and not for a moment think she imagined them . 
 `` i will always love you , laken stewart . '' 
 you will always be mine . 
 she pulls back and bites down over a smile because i did n't bother hiding that last sentence by way of some mental barricade . 
 i want her to cherish those words like my heart cherishes her . 
 forever and ever , i will always love you , i say as i pull her in one last time . 
 sometimes life just sucks . 
 this is one of those moments . 
 i have a feeling there are going to be a whole lot more of them coming my way in the very near future , unless , of course , i do something drastic . 
 and i plan to . 
 as soon as laken takes off , i hunt down edinger and find him in his hellhole of an office . 
 it 's dark , and cold , and , in every way , this place has the appeal of a dungeon . 
 he looks up , bleeds his soulless grimace . 
 `` it took you long enough . '' 
 i slam my palms down on his desk and lean over the expanse . 
 `` what the f ** k is the blood marker of a fem ? '' 
 `` nso . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` your father will know . '' 
 he wrings his hands . 
 his dark hair creates a shadow over his eyes . 
 `` i 'll give you a hint , i 'm paired with a count . '' 
 `` figures . '' 
 i drill him a new one with all of my hatred . 
 `` i want to stop that ensign meeting tonight . 
 laken does n't belong with wesley , both you and i know it . '' 
 `` i 'm not a liar anymore ? '' 
 he looks amused as a crooked grin frames his face . 
 `` you no longer believe i 'm luring you in the wrong direction ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you hate the idea of laken and wes . 
 and i do n't give a flying f ** k why . 
 just help me stop laken from becoming his essential . '' 
 `` it 's not that easy . 
 she must choose you . '' 
 he mock shoots me with his finger . 
 a dull laugh rattles from his chest as if he 's enjoying the hell out of this . 
 `` she will . 
 help me , edinger . 
 i swear i 'll do anything . '' 
 `` anything ? '' 
 `` yes , anything . '' 
 wesley all night i waited for laken to come back . 
 i knew where she went as soon as i saw her take off in jen 's car . 
 she needed him just one more night , and it kills me to think what they might have been doing . 
 instead of sleep , i opted for the stacks and immersed myself in the ancient manuscripts , with enough leather-bound editions to reconstruct the body of an entire cow . 
 i prayed over those monolithic texts for an answer , a clue , any remote sign of who demetri 's son might be . 
 it 's ironic that i 'm losing my mind trying to help laken find an out when the alternative lands her in my bed tonight and forever . 
 but i know in my heart this is n't how i want her , forced and desperate . 
 i need laken to want to be with me , and i think , with just a little more time , she 'll be right there-right there with me , right there with the counts . 
 i ca n't justify what they 've done , but i ca n't deny the miracles they 've given us either . 
 `` come on , '' i whisper in frustration as i slip the pages through my fingers , faster and faster , before slamming the book shut . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i bark it out , leaving my own voice to echo around the tiny chamber . 
 it 's dark as shit in here , with nothing but a scarcely lit chandelier up above . 
 the lights explode to a nuclear brightness before letting off a loud snap and thrusting the room into darkness . 
 `` lights , '' i shout into the black expanse . 
 `` right now . '' 
 there 's no doubt in my mind this is edinger 's work . 
 i 'm so ticked , if he shows i might actually figure out how to kill a fem . 
 i hold my hand out and demand a fire to blaze before me as a perfect representation of my anger . 
 a single flame rises from the center of the table . 
 `` nice . '' 
 i huff . 
 `` now give me a damn clue as to what or who your son is . '' 
 the room shakes in a series of violent jolts , and a book falls from the top shelf , knocking me over the head before landing on the table . 
 the book of powers , a guide and reference manual . 
 `` book of powers . 
 this thing is the size of a dictionary . 
 you think i 've got all day ? 
 you ever think of cutting to the chase ? '' 
 i roar it out annoyed as hell that i have to comb through this monolithic text looking for clues . 
 i open the cover and inspect the table of contents . 
 celestra , countenance , levatio , deorsum , noster . 
 `` interesting how celestra always comes first , do n't you think ? '' 
 i call out to edinger who begins to materialize in vapors . 
 i 'm not that impressed . 
 i 've done it on a few occasions after i 've had a good infusion . 
 come to think of it , i 've done it on others without a good infusion , but , then again , that celestra blood is some powerful shit . 
 skyla 's blood , in particular , is nothing to mess with . 
 `` celestra . '' 
 i skim the boring descriptions and peruse the bullet points of their powers . 
 `` strength , speed '' - basic - `` dermal contact telepathy . '' 
 the touch and listen intercom system , got to love it . 
 `` time travel . '' 
 done . 
 `` wait ... '' a dull laugh huffs from me . 
 `` they forgot one . 
 where 's the shape shifting ? '' 
 oh , come on . 
 i knew 99.9 percent of celestra were dumb as f ** k for not being able to figure that one out . 
 `` hey , edinger ? 
 i found a typo . 
 you might want to go back and kill off your editor with some horrific exploding bowel disease because he goofed , big time . '' 
 i flip the pages until i come upon the countenance bullet point of powers . 
 would n't it be a kicker to find out i 've had this gift all along ? 
 and here i was , lauding celestra for how wonderful they 've been to me . 
 i thumb down the list , strength , speed . 
 boring as table salt . 
 figures . 
 even levatio can levitate and teleport . 
 how the hell did a group as powerful as the counts get the shaft when it comes to abilities ? 
 `` i do n't get it . '' 
 i toss my hands in the air and wait for edinger to ignite the rest of the room on fire-to drop an entire stack of encyclopedias on my head all at the same time , but nothing happens . 
 i flip back to the table of contents and note something at the bottom i had n't seen before . 
 fems , sectors , powers , principalities , virtues , dominions , thrones , cherubim , seraphim , archangels , angels . 
 i turn to the back and land on fems . 
 a gruesome picture of what can only be described as a botched up dog with fire coming from his mouth and large black wings that hover over his head like two sharpened sickles . 
 the skin on the back of my neck prickles at the sight . 
 fems do n't really look like anything , but i guess if you got down to the nasty details and had to give it a face , this about sums it up . 
 i scan over the ancient babble until i get to the synopsis . 
 fems are an order of created beings , fully equipped to help mankind and nephilim alike . 
 they choose to side with countenance and have requested to do their bidding in exchange for an alliance with the countenance people . 
 fems are most widely known for their ability to take the form of different creatures , properties such as water and earth , and even humans . 
 `` great , '' i moan . 
 `` nothing i did n't know . '' 
 i flip the page to the section reading , sectors in beautiful font script as if even the manner in which their letters were formed needed to maintain a brand of beauty . 
 `` never met a sector-never want to . '' 
 i gloss over their basic list of duties and strengths-side with celestra , fight evil to the skin of the eyetooth , comely , reflective mimicking , have a tendency to vibrate in tune with the universe when content . 
 `` celestial purring . '' 
 i 'm almost amused . 
 that seems to be the only real difference between the fems and sectors . 
 i scan the list . 
 wait a minute ... i flip the page back and examine the list of abilities the fems hold . 
 `` hey , '' i bark it out to edinger . 
 `` it looks like the author made a mistake . 
 they forgot to add shape shifting to the sectors . '' 
 demetri materializes into the room , slow , becoming his own shadow at first . 
 `` sectors do have the ability to morph into the likeness of another , thus the reflective mimicking . '' 
 `` same difference . '' 
 `` not true , '' he growls . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 there are other details missing like the fact that celestra can shape shift-they can morph into a ball of air , the creature from the black lagoon , or a jellyfish if they feel like it . 
 the book is n't accurate because you forgot to put it in here . '' 
 `` you are correct about one thing . '' 
 his lips widen into a manufactured smile . 
 `` i am the author that penned the book . '' 
 `` figures . '' 
 i shut the cover and slap my hand over it . 
 i bear into demetri 's hollow , black eyes . 
 `` it 's useless , just like you . '' 
 a wild thought occurs to me , and my muscles stiffen , my jaw clenches tight . 
 one of the first things edinger told me when he took me under his wing was that he would never lie to me , that he was bound by some strict celestial moral code not to fabricate one piece of shit . 
 i flip through the pages of the book , furious as a hurricane , losing myself in the pages until i 'm ready to vomit . 
 `` it ca n't be true . 
 this is just another one of your party tricks . '' 
 the room starts to fade , the table feels as if it 's spinning , and i might literally be sick right here over this very book that appears to have changed my life . 
 `` how is it that i have the ability to morph with my body ? '' 
 `` you 're a smart boy , wesley . 
 you 'll figure it out . '' 
 his eyes , his nose , his mouth , every last part of him lights up with the hint of a wicked grin . 
 `` but the only creatures in this book that can do those things are fems . 
 you always told me that it was a celestra ability . '' 
 my voice shakes as i get the words out . 
 `` i never told you that . '' 
 he cocks his head to the side . 
 `` you simply chose to believe it . '' 
 a choking sound gets lodged in my throat as i recall all the times i 've shifted into another form with ease . 
 `` it 's not true . '' 
 i shake my head ready and willing to puke my guts up for weeks . 
 `` but it is true . '' 
 he runs his fingers over the book . 
 `` i left an inscription to my son-a dedication at the beginning of the book . '' 
 our eyes lock . 
 this is a moment which demetri edinger will not forget because i plan on instilling a fierce punishment for choosing to dick around with me on this of all days . 
 i whip open the book and flip past the first few pages , thick and heavy , until i finally land just shy of the beginning . 
 i slowly move back and stop cold when i see it . 
 to my son , wesley , i lay the entire foundation of my being at your feet . 
 it is you i long to bow to . 
 i glance up at demetri . 
 our eyes fixate over one another , and then he does the unthinkable . 
 he lowers his head into his chest , leans forward and bows-to me . 
 i shoot out of the library like a missile and run past the towering statue of asterion , past a group of cheerleaders , past the remnant from the football team , past the clergy who visits on sunday , and straight into the woods . 
 i pick up a branch large enough to be a battering ram and run like hell until the scent of rotting corpses lights up the air-a sure sign of a spectator . 
 i barrel in the direction of the putrid odor and let out a cry that rips from the deepest part of me , the part that once believed i was innocent and pure , the part that believed the god of heaven was monitoring me-setting me apart for a good work , but now , this afternoon i learned the exact opposite is true . 
 i 'm a bastard in the truest sense-a spawn of the devil himself-demetri edinger . 
 a group of slow moving corpses , stiff with their partial states of rigor , come upon me from the south . 
 i let out a shout before committing the world 's most efficient slaughter of the glorified zombies since they became a nuisance and crawled under our skin . 
 i stand there for a minute , staring at their blank faces , their gaping mouths , and i 'm almost sorry i took them out in the first place . 
 demetri stains the forest with his ugly mug . 
 `` careful , you might just start a war . '' 
 `` maybe i want to . '' 
 maybe i want to start a whole damn apocalypse . 
 8 do n't you forget about me laken the windows inside my dorm room rattle as jen peers out at the velveteen night sky . 
 `` unusual , '' jen whispers . 
 `` dry storm . '' 
 she shakes her head at the iron-grey sky . 
 `` have n't had one of these in a very long time . '' 
 `` what the hell is a dry storm ? '' 
 i ask , trying to pull down the hemline on this white lace disaster jen has stuffed me into . 
 carter sighs as if i 've exasperated her . 
 `` it 's all the fun of a real storm without all that annoying rain . '' 
 she comes at me with a blush brush and dusts my face until she replicates a third degree burn over my nose and cheeks . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 jen gives a wild clap , and i take one final look in the mirror . 
 this is it . 
 i 'm leaving for the event where i 'm to sacrifice the rest of my days , and my vagina , both of which i thought i might give to coop one day . 
 funny how life works-i pined for wes the second i got here , and yet the universe thrust another perfectly good boy in my path . 
 now i 'll probably be pining for coop the rest of my life for the simple fact i know i can never have him . 
 my stomach sours because i know that it 's far more complicated than that . 
 i hate my heart for fracturing into two even pieces , each with its own devotion to a different boy . 
 life is n't supposed to work that way , at least not according to romance novels . 
 my phone buzzes softly from the dresser , and i scoop it up as we walk out the door . 
 it 's a text from coop . 
 if you need me just say my name . 
 i will be there . 
 anywhere , anytime . 
 i promise . 
 anywhere , anytime . 
 coop knows where i 'm about to go , what i 'm about to do . 
 i push out a bleak smile . 
 i know coop means well , but i seriously doubt he 'll be able to find me in that room of fire later this evening . 
 i seriously doubt that once wes pins me down with his hormone-driven honorable intent that coop will be able to extract me from wesley , not tonight , not ever . 
 i shake my head , despondent while looking at the text . 
 this is definitely one of those rare instances when even the amazing cooper flanders ca n't save me . 
 perhaps this had been my destiny all along ? 
 becoming wesley 's essential . 
 maybe that 's why fate had skyla find me in the transfer and try to breathe life into me . 
 little did she know she was preserving my memory , making me impervious to the desires of the counts . 
 if she had n't done that , i would n't be here in a white dress ready to consummate an eternal union with wes just to save my family . 
 and then there 's coop . 
 if fate and destiny do exist , it makes me wonder why the hell they brought coop into the mix . 
 why did they make me fall so fast , so hard for an amazing soul that i can never have ? 
 it 's not fair . 
 a girl should only fall in love once . 
 i should have held strong for wes , and now , on the eve of what amounts to my wedding day , i 'll have a broken heart to deal with , and so will coop . 
 but just as skyla saved me , coop was the very next person to do so . 
 if he had n't killed that spectator in the woods the first day i arrived , it would have been my final hour . 
 i ca n't help but believe destiny and fate put him in my path just like they did skyla . 
 but then i 'm not crying over the fact i 'm never going to be with skyla again . 
 it 's coop that my body wants . 
 and i wish it did n't . 
 i wish wes were enough just like before . 
 i wish wes was who he used to be . 
 but it 's cooper who set fire to my heart and landed himself as my eternal flame . 
 loving cooper flanders was a blaze that no one or anything could ever put out . 
 i already know that . 
 jen leads us downstairs where several girls , including fallon , jax , grayson , and kres wait in their little black dresses , each one shorter than the last . 
 kres steps up to me , her eyes reduced to nothing , her cheeks blotchy from tears . 
 `` so this is really happening ? '' 
 she shakes her head with a fury . 
 `` you do n't even love him . '' 
 she cries out in anguish as she lunges toward me . 
 jax pulls her back by the elbow . 
 `` let it go . '' 
 she glares at me with her dark , muddy eyes , anger percolating just beneath the surface . 
 `` both you and your sister better watch your backs . '' 
 `` out ! '' 
 jen barks , and we 're quick to follow her into the still of the night with the stars pulsating in and out of the fog like hazard lights from the throne of god . 
 the chanting begins . 
 our voices drift soft and airy , spiraling up toward heaven , light as snow . 
 the darkness , the fog , the ever increasing fervor of this high-pitched choir , demons pretending to be angels , it all disorients me on some level . 
 this is nothing more than a nightmare robed in the thin veil of this alternate realty . 
 we head north toward the woods and enter sleepy hollow one by one . 
 our heels dig into the mulch , fallon trips over one of the vines slithering over the forest floor like a snake and is quick to right herself , her voice never warbles out of tune . 
 the counts sing their twisted halleluiah , higher and higher , far more beautiful and enchanting than i could have ever expected . 
 it 's an orgasmic a cappella that rides the edge of night like a newly-sharpened blade . 
 the forest gives off a wild sour stench but for the most part , we choose to ignore it . 
 the sky cracks in seizures of lighting that fracture the night unapologetically . 
 a tree ignites , stiff and upright , like an oversized birthday candle , and jen is the first to walk through the blue ethereal flame . 
 i watch as the girls walk into the fire , one by one , but i pause , glancing around the forest , a wild panic bucking inside me like a bull to the slaughterhouse . 
 my breathing grows erratic , and i blind myself from the halo of my own making as plumes of fog shoot from my mouth . 
 but it 's not the origin of this stench that lights up the forest i 'm looking for . 
 i know full well this vomitus odor means a spectator is nearby . 
 it 's coop i 'm hoping to see-hoping he 'll play hero one last time and save me from another kind of death . 
 `` let 's move it before jen calls out the cavalry . '' 
 carter nudges me . 
 `` it 's time to get royally laid . '' 
 she giggles into the night , and a part of me is thankful for her wild cackle . 
 maybe if coop hears , he 'll know where to find me . 
 his text comes to mind . 
 just call his name . 
 i believe with all my heart , coop would be here in a heartbeat if i wanted him to . 
 `` now . '' 
 carter pushes me toward the haunting blue flame , licking at me with its strange cool tongue . 
 i step boldly into the portal , and the only thought that crosses my mind is loving cooper is like fire-all consuming , blessedly beautiful , scalding to the touch , immeasurably impossible to understand . 
 and , now , forever after this , our love will be what it has always been from the beginning-dangerous . 
 walls of fire , orange , and red , and every fall color animated , alarming and deadly spread around with wings of flames . 
 we walk single file over to jen who drapes each of the girls with dark navy robes . 
 `` and for you . '' 
 she reaches back and pulls out a crimson velvet wrap that drips to the floor like the blood of my enemies . 
 ironic , since i 'm about to cross over and become an eternal member of the counts and join their nefarious rank . 
 in the end , it does n't matter . 
 they will never have my allegiance . 
 they will never have my heart . 
 this is all a lie , i tell myself as an uncountable number of girls gather around me in a circle . 
 a line of hooded men head into the room . 
 it 's only then i note i 'm standing over a large pearl square , an altar , my marriage bed . 
 the flames shoot higher . 
 the ferocity of their roars lifts several octaves , and every person in the room turns toward the fiery corridor in anticipation of my groom . 
 in the real world , the guests would venerate the bride . 
 she would be the focal point , the piece de resistance , the nexus of the gathering , but , here , with the counts in charge , i 'm little more than an accessory who ambled in with the crowd . 
 a tall , stately man marches in wearing a plain navy robe . 
 he smiles over at me , and i can easily make out his familiar features-jones . 
 he strides over and picks up both my hands . 
 there 's something genuine about the love he holds for me in his smile , the tears that moisten his pale , blue eyes . 
 he lands a gentle kiss on my cheek before stepping to the side . 
 a whistle goes off , high and piercing , and it takes everything in me not to cover my ears . 
 the blaze thunders around us , creating its own dark brand of music . 
 the flames rise higher , a darker shade of demon , as a choir emits from their frightening aggression . 
 cooper . 
 he spins through my mind like the fire , brilliant and beautiful , commanding the attention of every last part of me . 
 the flames flicker on and off like a light switch before screaming to life with all the ferocity of a nuclear explosion . 
 a hooded figure presses against the expanse of the dancing fire , dressed in black , his hood pulled low leaving only his luminescent eyes to reveal his identity like two jade stones glowing in the flames-wesley . 
 he begins his slow , steady march toward me , and the entire congregation follows his every move . 
 nothing is certain . 
 not one of us is promised tomorrow . 
 the life of any man is a mere breath to god . 
 we are but a mist , here one moment , and then we vanish quick as a vapor . 
 ours is but a moment in the wind , green grass that withers pale as straw . 
 last night in coop 's arms , i was green grass , a fertile field , succulent and verdant . 
 and now the counts are singing their inglorious hymn as my beautiful wesley approaches with a dark smile , his eyes filled with unfamiliar wicked intent , and i 'm shriveling on the inside , pale as straw , quickly becoming one with my nothingness , a vapor in the wind . 
 wes steps onto the iridescent altar , and it illuminates beneath us , rousing as it glows , shining as the sun-a sparkling expanse for us to call our own . 
 a curtain of flames erect themselves , giving the illusion that the rest of the room , the people in it have all faded away to nothing . 
 `` this is it , '' i whisper , interlacing my hands with his . 
 a round pillar pushes up behind us , a bed made of pearl , soft and brilliant , the exact location where our lives will change forever . 
 my heart pounds erratic , blood pulsates in front of my eyes like a heartbeat . 
 wes takes off his hood , his features serious , his lips tight and curling at the tips . 
 he gently opens my robe , his hand gliding up my bare thigh . 
 wes never takes his eyes off mine with his curt gaze , hard and piercing , nothing at all like the wesley i once knew . 
 he lays me back onto the makeshift bed , my robe falling over the expanse like a blanket . 
 `` should n't we say something first ? '' 
 the words speed from me while my heart oscillates in my chest , turning and spinning itself into my throat . 
 wes looks into my eyes with his blank stare , a hooded evil lurking in the background . 
 `` in the name of the countenance and all that is holy above and below the earth , i dedicate our souls to the one and only true divinity . 
 we are about to become one with the league of deities of which we will be the highest order , the masters of our own providence . 
 there shall be no one under this earth that we can not crush with our heels . '' 
 he nods into me . 
 `` repeat after me , i , laken anderson ... '' my heart thumps . 
 my muscles seize as he lays his body over mine . 
 `` i , laken anderson ... '' but i 'm not laken anderson , and wes knows that . 
 i want to say that it 's all a part of this game that we 're playing to get my family back , but something heavy and sinister is pressing over me , far more horrific than i can ever imagine . 
 wes is gone . 
 he 's a shell , a man possessed , and it 's only now at the intersection of losing my religion and selling my soul to the devil do i realize this is going to lead to every bad place . 
 i have fallen into a bed of thistles and thorns . 
 hell has opened its mouth wide to swallow me-i think it 's already swallowed wesley . 
 `` i 'm going to lay with you now . '' 
 he forces my hands up by my shoulders as his face flickers in tune with the flames , his eyes the color of demonic desire . 
 lay ? 
 who the hell has wes become ? 
 i thought i knew him-that i knew what i was doing . 
 wes crashes his lips to mine , hard and forceful , his tongue plunging in and roaming around like a gator trying to wrestle down its prey . 
 he parts my legs with his knee , gliding his hands down my body , pulling and tugging at my clothes , at his . 
 i can feel him against my thigh , obstructive and piercing . 
 i turn my head to catch my breath and observe the flames braiding themselves together over and over as if they , too , were struggling to survive . 
 it 's happening . 
 wes pushes my knees back to my hips as he lays his full weight over me . 
 a blackness so consuming clouds my heart . 
 the dark days were coming , meeting me right here with their necrotic hand . 
 wes rises over me ready to press in and make me his for all eternity . 
 we 're to recite the holy creed , adjusted for this occasion . 
 his dimple ignites soft on his cheek . 
 then i 'll make you mine , now and forever . 
 `` we are the countenance , '' wes starts in , his face inches from mine , stone cold and fierce . 
 wes has become wholly unrecognizable both inside and out . 
 `` we are immortal . 
 flesh and bones and such are not tethered to our flesh . 
 in this world and outside its bounds ... '' wes goes on , but my mind fractures under the duress of his words . 
 all i hear is in this world and outside its bounds , i lose my mortal soul . 
 and all the while a blond-haired boy with eyes of a stone grey sky spins through my mind with the ferocity of molten flames . 
 loving him is like dancing in a fire . 
 `` cooper . '' 
 no sooner does his name leave my lips than the room claps to darkness , wes and all of his holy words disappear right along with it . 
 it 's done . 
 the only one getting saved tonight is me . 
 cooper i lie over the sacred stone and wait just like the devil told me-edinger . 
 i ca n't help but wonder if i 'm not a bigger idiot for believing his bullshit . 
 but , deep down , i 'm hoping he was telling the truth . 
 he has to be . 
 right now that crooked bastard is my only hope . 
 `` cooper , '' my name whispers through the breeze , and the stone beneath me loosens . 
 it disintegrates into a vat of fire . 
 a room filled with flames appears . 
 i spot wes writhing over laken and reach down , pulling her up from under wesley 's body with all my strength . 
 laken and i land back on that overgrown stone with a roar still locked in my throat . 
 a flash of lightning goes off overhead , and the skies open up in a jealous rage as if wesley were raining down all his fury over the two of us , over all of ephemeral as a punishment . 
 `` cooper ! '' 
 laken wraps her arms around my waist , and i press hard over her , pushing both our bodies into the unforgivable stone . 
 `` is it too late ? '' 
 my chest pounds against hers as i struggle to catch my breath . 
 `` did he-are you ? '' 
 shit . 
 i ca n't get the words out . 
 i do n't want to . 
 `` no . '' 
 she shakes her head as a mile wide smile spreads over her face . 
 `` you were right on time . '' 
 laken glows a sublime shade of pale against the black stone as the rain beads down her face . 
 she reaches up and cups the side of my cheek with her hand . 
 `` you saved me , coop . 
 you always save me . '' 
 my chest loosens . 
 it 's as if every event that 's transpired over these last few weeks has culminated . 
 i lean in , my lips hopeful for a kiss . 
 laken pulls up until our mouths are less than a breath away . 
 the sky explodes in a fantastic show of bravado as a bolt of lightning crashes down to the boulders and evicts us to the ground with a terrifying jolt . 
 `` coop ! '' 
 laken holds on for dear life as we straddle the edge of the cliff that leads to a rocky crag about thirty feet down . 
 `` do n't move , '' i say it steady , in a calm even tone . 
 one wrong move in this muddy slick we 're balancing on , and we could both break our necks in the most painful way possible . 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 i sidestep us around the boulder , and my left foot slips . 
 i grind in with my right foot until we 're steady again , and neither one of us dares to breathe . 
 `` cooper ? '' 
 it comes out ragged . 
 `` how did you get into that room tonight ? '' 
 the wind picks up . 
 it whistles and howls around the boulders as the rain continues to bear down its misery . 
 `` supervising spirit . '' 
 `` you think he 'd mind getting us out of here ? '' 
 laken squeezes her eyes shut tight as i take another step to the right . 
 she knows who my supervising spirit is . 
 she surmised it for herself a few weeks back . 
 the soil gives way beneath my foot . 
 laken slips from my arm , and i catch her by the hand as she falls into the granite pit . 
 i sail right behind her as we free fall toward the jagged rocks below . 
 laken thinks i saved her . 
 and now i 'm hoping i did n't bring her back just to kill her out of sheer stupidity . 
 a white , glossy floor expands at our feet as laken and i tumble out of the water-slicked world and into the transfer . 
 `` laken . '' 
 i pull her toward me as her lips curl on the sides . 
 `` you saved me again . '' 
 she bubbles with a silent laugh . 
 `` you 're getting really good at that . '' 
 or very lucky , but i do n't say a word as i pull her to her feet . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she grips me . 
 laken 's face smooths out as she takes in my features . 
 she looks stunning in her tight white dress , her matching lace heels , and my stomach churns because it happens to closely resemble a wedding gown . 
 `` let 's hang out for a minute . '' 
 her forehead breaks out in worry lines . 
 `` i think we should check in on richard and kara and see how they 're doing . 
 it must be hard for them . 
 this place is like a graveyard . '' 
 a graveyard . 
 laken could n't have pinned it any better . 
 her eyes enlarge . 
 `` pinned what any better ? '' 
 i give a little laugh . 
 all thoughts are fair game in the transfer . 
 `` crap . '' 
 i let out a breath . 
 `` i meant to tell you this sooner , but i paid a little visit to ezrina about a week ago and '' - i brace her by the shoulders and shake my head - `` i 'm sorry , laken . 
 something went wrong with the antidote , both richard and kara are dead . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she covers her mouth in horror . 
 `` they never asked for any of this . '' 
 she wraps her arms around me and lands her head on my chest . 
 `` it 's those damn counts . 
 they take and they kill without any regard to who they might hurt . '' 
 laken looks up and hooks her finger over my chin . 
 `` thank you for pulling me out of there . 
 it would have killed me to be one of them forever . 
 although , i guess , in a way , i sort of am . '' 
 `` you are who you choose to be . '' 
 laken closes her eyes for a moment and nods . 
 `` i choose to be laken stewart , and , unfortunately , laken stewart is a count . '' 
 a putrid stench emits from behind , and i turn to find the old hag staring us down , ezrina . 
 `` come . '' 
 her voice echoes through the bright-lit hall as we follow her down to the count conservatory . 
 the glass coffins stand upright , each filled to the brim with blue fluid while long-dead counts float inside to complete the insanity . 
 `` life after life . '' 
 ezrina gives a whole new meaning to brevity . 
 `` life after life ? '' 
 i ask as i tighten my arm around laken 's waist . 
 `` here . '' 
 ezrina hobbles her hunched back over to a smaller room in the rear of the facility , and we enter to find two children playing with a deck of cards on the floor . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 the girl springs to her feet with her short blonde hair , her upturned nose . 
 she ca n't be much older than marky . 
 `` kara ? '' 
 laken looks to me puzzled . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 i stagger for a moment . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 i shake the old hag by the shoulders . 
 `` you healed them . 
 you can heal the spectators-all of them . '' 
 richard gets up , and i pull him into a quick embrace . 
 `` slowly . '' 
 ezrina grinds out the word like fingernails on a chalkboard . 
 footsteps thunder from behind . 
 `` looks like i 'm missing the party . '' 
 there he is , darkening the doorway-wesley . 
 laken takes a breath , and her arms slide across kara like a seatbelt . 
 she 's got the right idea . 
 i have a feeling we 're all in for one f ** king hell of a ride . 
 wesley i 'll be honest , it 's not what i expected-laken and coop huddle around a little girl and some guy while ezrina glues her crazy-eyed stare in my direction . 
 i thought i 'd find them at coop 's house-tucked in his bed , already declaring their love for one another with their bodies , but this was a turn for the unexpected . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i frown into laken . 
 i wish i could say that i understood why she pulled the cord , but my ego is far too bruised to accept any reasonable answer . 
 she would have had her family back and an eternity by my side . 
 how in the world did she come to the conclusion that was anything but a winning combo ? 
 it would have been . 
 it still can be . 
 the boy steps forward . 
 he 's about our age , maybe a little younger . 
 i squint at him trying to make out his face , but i do n't remember seeing him around campus . 
 `` we were dead , and now we 're alive . '' 
 he scowls into me . 
 `` ezrina revived us with the antidote , and soon all of celestra will gain their numbers , and their lives , back . '' 
 `` what 's he babbling about ? '' 
 i look to laken . 
 i want to hear the truth from her , she owes me that much . 
 `` they were spectators , '' she whispers , her chest still heaving from the shock of seeing me . 
 holy shit . 
 i step into them and marvel . 
 `` you did this ? '' 
 i look to ezrina with her red hair sprayed out like a ring of fire . 
 her pale face pieced together like a bad quilt . 
 `` did , '' she croaks , proud of her latest achievement . 
 `` you know what this means ? '' 
 laken 's entire face brightens , the tracks of her tears still evident . 
 `` all of those celestra prisoners who were forced to partake in the resurrection experiment can have their lives back . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it comes from me stunned as shit-unexpected . 
 `` and where will they live ? 
 work , for that matter ? '' 
 you ca n't just bring thousands , if not millions , of people back to life and expect a happy ending . 
 not to mention how pissed they 're going to be . 
 `` the counts can house them . '' 
 she drills it into me . 
 `` it 's the least they can do . '' 
 i look up and meet laken 's sharp stare . 
 she said count like it 's a dirty word , and every part of me knows she believes that to be true . 
 `` laken '' - i step into her and touch my hand to her shoulder - `` please , can i talk to you alone for a minute ? '' 
 coop steps between us , sticking his chest out like some hopped up baboon . 
 quite frankly , i 'm sick of his shit . 
 i 'm done playing nice . 
 i do n't care if he does think he 's rescuing laken from the big , bad count-that count being me . 
 `` no , it 's okay . '' 
 laken pushes him out of the way as she takes up my hand . 
 `` wesley would never hurt me . '' 
 it comes from her like a threat as if she was just as easily letting me know i should n't even think about it . 
 there 's a look in her eyes that suggests she 's not above carving her initials onto my balls . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 i touch my hand to the soft outline of her cheek , and every part of me groans . 
 i could have had her . 
 i almost did . 
 laken leads me out of the count conservatory and through the long , white corridor until we hit the dismal world of the transfer-a hell of the counts ' own making with no sun and no stars , only the blank of night , the bad breath of death lurking in this ever-present night . 
 i pull her in without hesitating and hold her like that a very long time . 
 words beg to burst through my vocal cords , but the dam of grief has stopped up the way . 
 `` i love you , wesley . 
 i do . 
 i always will . '' 
 she lands a simple kiss to my cheek and pulls away . 
 `` but if we 're going to be together , it should be under different circumstances . '' 
 `` if ? '' 
 my heart pinches in my chest because it wants to stop beating right here on the spot . 
 `` it sounds like i 've got some competition . '' 
 she shakes her head unconvincingly . 
 `` you still mean a lot to me , wes . '' 
 `` what about flanders ? 
 does he mean a lot to you ? '' 
 i do n't waver my eyes from hers-just stand there drowning in the silence that beats by like a small eternity . 
 `` i thought so . '' 
 her eyes fill with spontaneous tears . 
 `` i 'm confused . '' 
 she snatches at my shoulder . 
 `` i promise you , once i get my family out of that hellhole , i 'll be able to think straight . 
 right now the counts have it clouded with their wickedness , and i just need to know that you see how evil they are . '' 
 evil . 
 and there it is . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 i touch my fingers to her beautiful lips and ache because i 'm afraid i 'll never get to kiss them again . 
 laken gives a tiny smile . 
 `` i need time . 
 i think , in all honesty '' - she glances down at the ground a moment - `` i just need to get my bearings . '' 
 i do n't say anything just stare off at the listless horizon , at the dirty mansion that sits like an out-of-place piece of the puzzle and wonder how the hell we fell so far so fast . 
 `` what happened when i left ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 her eyes widen with wonder and perhaps a touch of embarrassment . 
 `` i left , too . '' 
 a knot settles in my throat . 
 `` nobody knows what happened , and if you do n't mind , i 'd like to keep it quiet for at least a day , so i can get my bearings . '' 
 i do n't mean for it to come out as sarcastic as it sounded . 
 `` look , i 'm hoping to god i 'm still the one for you . '' 
 i pull her in until our bellies press in tight , her dress still soaking wet from the rain . 
 my body shakes just having her close as my fingers dig into her soft flesh . 
 `` you will always be the one for me , laken . 
 i promise you that . 
 there will never be another . '' 
 `` wes . '' 
 she rubs her cheek over mine . 
 it feels like heaven-like something we should be doing with every inch of our bodies . 
 `` you just scared me a little , that 's all . 
 i 'm scared to death you 're choosing the counts . '' 
 her eyes search me , wild and frantic as if i were lost even though i 'm right here in front of her . 
 `` you 're choosing cooper . '' 
 `` i 'm not choosing anybody . '' 
 she digs her nails into my arms as if begging me to understand . 
 `` i just want my family back , safe . 
 the counts are monsters , wes . 
 and we 're not . 
 we 're good . 
 you and me . 
 wes '' - she shakes her head - `` you 've imprinted yourself over the fabric of my soul . 
 you are irreplaceable . 
 i promise you that . 
 you 're not one of those monsters . '' 
 thoughts of who i really am swirl through my head as i put my mind on lockdown . 
 there are bigger monsters out in the world , and she 's looking dead on at one of them . 
 `` i get it . 
 you hate the counts . '' 
 it comes from me defeated . 
 i pull back with a sad smile before leaning in to dot her lips with a kiss . 
 she shakes her head with the look of pity in her eyes . 
 `` and you do n't . '' 
 and now i wonder if the gap between us can ever be filled because you could never truly hate yourself , could you ? 
 although , with every last bit of me , i think i do . 
 in the early hours of the morning , while the stars struggle to shine through the pale expanse , i head over to the downstairs chamber of the library and summon my least favorite demon-demetri . 
 `` up so early ? '' 
 he materializes in a haze , already dressed in a suit and tie , his oversized wool coat on over that . 
 `` i would have imagined your new bride would have kept you occupied until well past noon . '' 
 `` there was no ceremony , and you know it . '' 
 i drop into the nearest seat and slump into my newfound depression . 
 i wish it were true-that laken would want to do anything with me until well past noon . 
 `` let this be a lesson . '' 
 his wickedness cuts through the dim light . 
 `` you can not force yourself into a relationship , wesley . 
 laken was never the one for you . 
 she was never meant to be your essential . '' 
 his jaw tightens , and , for the first time , his smiling eyes look as if they 're trying to burn a hole through my skull . 
 `` you must believe me . 
 you were created for someone far greater than she . '' 
 `` i was created . '' 
 i nod into this bit of f ** ked-up news . 
 `` what-did you hatch me ? 
 sprout me from a seed ? 
 i 'm dying to know the logistics . '' 
 i jump up and shake him by the collar . 
 `` just where the hell did i come from ? '' 
 `` from your mother 's womb . '' 
 he pushes me away like blowing back a feather . 
 `` did you - '' shit . 
 `` it 's not always necessary , there are other ways . '' 
 relief spreads through me like a wild fire . 
 `` i 'm no longer interested in the details of my conception . '' 
 i slip back in my seat like a drunkard . 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 `` now , that is the question i 've waited a lifetime for you to ask . '' 
 9 two dates are better than one laken on thursday , kresley herds every last unsuspecting dorm sister into the common room . 
 `` as you know , winter formal is upon us . '' 
 she pauses to flip her muddy-brown hair over her shoulder . 
 `` it 's tradition that the women of austen house take a group picture with their dates . '' 
 her eyes cut in my direction , quick as slitting my throat . 
 `` pictures are at nine o'clock sharp at the photography station , be late , and you wo n't be in it . '' 
 her lips dip in and out of a smile as if they were doing the wave . 
 `` for those of you with more than one date , we respectfully request you simply choose one of your suitors for the photo as it is in poor taste to impress your polygamous ways upon the rest of the group . '' 
 her eyes linger over mine like a threat . 
 i bet she 'd like for me to relinquish one of my dates , and i know exactly which one . 
 she drones on and on about dress code and protocol , but i effectively tune her out , easy as turning down the dial on a radio full of static . 
 if i do n't end up with wes , he might go back to her . 
 a pang of grief rockets through me as i take her in by the fire with the orange flames lashing her already tan skin . 
 her long , charcoal hair looks like passion born at midnight , and her clear green eyes practically beg you to stare into them . 
 kresley has an undeniable beauty . 
 and she 's already slept with wes , something i 've yet to do . 
 it breaks my heart just thinking about him losing himself in lust while his body writhes over hers . 
 i do n't know that i could handle wes with anyone else , cooper either for that matter . 
 i sink deeper into my seat as i lose myself just thinking about the polygamous implications i 've impressed upon myself . 
 i have to choose , and i need to do it soon , or i 'll lose them both . 
 before i realize it , half the room has cleared out . 
 kres and grayson stand nearby glancing down at their chests , probably doing a side by side of their boob jobs . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 carter slips in next to me and knocks into my shoulder `` you look pretty upset . '' 
 `` i guess i am . '' 
 i try to shake the idea out of my head . 
 `` i 'm just all over the place . 
 so , are you and fletch going to the dance together ? '' 
 `` you know it . '' 
 she wraps an arm around my shoulder . 
 `` in fact , i think we 'll be going to a lot more events together in the future . 
 i 'm really feeling good about us . 
 i think we might even be family one day . '' 
 her gaze darts to the ceiling , and you can practically see the stars spray out over her head . 
 the idea my brother can illicit that dreamy look in anybody 's eye is a mystery to me . 
 `` you know what i like best about your family ? '' 
 she squints into me with a look of earnest amazement written over her face , and now i 'm dying to hear what she finds so fascinating about my fake fam . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 `` the fact you guys are so tight . 
 you do n't keep things from each other . 
 everyone 's so open and honest . '' 
 my not-so-fake mother comes to mind with her insane level of sarcasm , enough to send any one of her children to therapy for life . 
 it 's funny because even after coop ran the blood tests and revealed her to be the real deal , i still ca n't think of her as my mother in any way . 
 `` yeah , we 're real honest with one another . '' 
 fletch flashes through my mind . 
 i 've yet to tell him the truth about what the counts have done . 
 wes asked me not to tell , but i think it 's time we revisit that conversation . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're into fletch . 
 you deserve to be happy . 
 you both do . '' 
 her phone goes off . 
 `` it 's him ! '' 
 she wiggles her cell in my face before jumping off the couch . 
 `` so , laken '' - grayson holds back the wicked grin twitching on her lips - `` how are you going to handle going with two guys ? 
 i mean i guess you switch dance partners all night , but who gets the goodnight kiss ? '' 
 her eyes light up with laughter . 
 `` oh , grayson '' - kres slaps her arm with a mock reprimand - `` laken 's been kissing them both all along . 
 they do n't mind . '' 
 she spears her dark brand of hatred into me . 
 `` i 'm just curious how long you think they 're going to put up with your bullshit ? 
 the quickest way to lose a guy is to bruise his ego . '' 
 her chest pumps with a laugh . 
 `` so you go girl . 
 you just keep being you , and grayson and i will be right there for the fallout . '' 
 grayson lifts her shoulders with delight . 
 `` all 's well that ends well . '' 
 the two of them strut off toward the front . 
 crap . 
 i wanted to add , if it is n't ending well , it is n't the end . 
 some questionable words of wisdom i heard long ago that do n't seem to apply to my current situation . 
 the tragedy of it all is the fact that i totally believe kresley when she says the quickest way to lose a guy is to bruise his ego , and what better way to bruise his ego than to date another guy ? 
 nothing about this is going to end well . 
 my phone buzzes in my pocket , and i fish it out . 
 it 's a text from marky . 
 about to bake cookies . 
 want to come over and help ? 
 i do n't hesitate with my reply . 
 be right there . 
 i borrow jen 's car and drive to heaven to be with coop . 
 all 's well that ends well . 
 at least for tonight . 
 the flanders ' house is lit up a cheery peach while pictures of tissue paper turkeys line the windows . 
 i 've always appreciated its homey appeal , the childlike finishing touches that marky adds to let you know the spirit of youth is alive and well inside . 
 marky opens the door as i 'm still making my way down the walk . 
 i bounce my way up the porch , and she flies at me with a tight embrace . 
 my heart breaks a little because i could have been doing exactly this with lacey right now if i was n't so torn . 
 `` who 's lacey ? '' 
 marky looks up at me with her expressive eyes . 
 her pale skin glows with healthy pink undertones . 
 `` is that your little sister ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i untangle myself from her as we step into the house . 
 marky is a celestra just like coop , and i keep forgetting she can hear me when we touch . 
 `` i miss her . '' 
 `` is she back in kansas ? '' 
 she looks up at me with her eyes filled with wonder . 
 had i told her about kansas ? 
 `` i 'm not-um , yes , she is . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid , laken . '' 
 she dives her arms around my waist again . 
 `` i heard my dad and coop talking all about it . 
 they said the whole world will think you lost your mind and that the bad guys are going to lock you away at my grandfather 's nuthouse , but they have it all under control . 
 cooper promised me he would n't let anyone hurt you . '' 
 she buries her tiny face in my chest a moment before sniffing back tears . 
 `` so do n't worry , your secret is safe with me . '' 
 i take in a breath and place that steel barrier over my thoughts . 
 coop promised he would n't let anyone hurt me . 
 my heart blooms like a hillside in springtime . 
 it 's true . 
 coop is always there when i need him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i give her tiny body a quick squeeze . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 she tilts up at me , and suddenly i want to give her every answer in the world . 
 but i do n't think i can . 
 i 'm just a bag of question marks these days , myself . 
 `` anything , '' i whisper . 
 `` do you like my brother ? '' 
 `` yes , god , yes . 
 he 's one of the nicest guys i know . '' 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 her tiny upturned nose crinkles . 
 `` you just think he 's nice ? '' 
 my heart starts to break . 
 i can see now the answer that marky wants to hear . 
 `` i think he 's really nice . '' 
 `` do you think your boyfriend is really nice ? '' 
 there it is . 
 marky speared me right in the heart , and she does n't even know it . 
 `` i do n't think i have a boyfriend anymore . '' 
 the words sting just coming from my lips . 
 `` but , yes , wesley is a nice guy , too . '' 
 when he 's not busy laying down for the counts like an offering . 
 `` really ? '' 
 marky hops up and down , taking me with her . 
 `` that means cooper can be your boyfriend ! '' 
 a breath gets caught in my throat . 
 how the hell do i respond to that ? 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 a voice booms from behind , and we turn to find coop in his practice jersey , his ephemeral sweats , looking so damn hot my stomach bottoms out like a trap door . 
 the slight curve of a smile hugs his cheek as if he heard . 
 marky steps into him and buries her tiny little finger in his chest . 
 `` laken does n't have a boyfriend anymore , so you better shape up ! '' 
 she stalks off toward the kitchen , and the clatter of cookie sheets fills the air . 
 coop ticks his head back . 
 a knowing smile buds on his lips . 
 there 's a coolness about him that makes my knees turn to water , and i want nothing more than to feel his body pressed up against mine . 
 `` how about it , laken ? 
 should i shape up ? '' 
 he bears those sky-grey eyes into mine . 
 coop wants answers just as much as i do . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 i wrap my arm around him , pressing his body close to mine just the way i 've wanted to all night-the way i 've needed to . 
 `` i like you just the way you are . 
 let 's go make some cookies . '' 
 marky calls for us , and we head into the kitchen . 
 the only one that has to shape up around here is me . 
 we all want answers . 
 now if i can only figure out how to pry them out of my heart . 
 and i know one surefire way to do it . 
 i need to break it . 
 there 's simply no other way . 
 cooper laken and marky make batch after batch of chocolate chip cookies as if it were their sole responsibility to feed the entire western hemisphere . 
 i helped with the first batch , then ate my way through the last nineteen rounds . 
 marky was the one who sat me down with a tall glass of milk , and laken made sure to give me the first cookie from each batch to make sure they were n't `` poison . '' 
 glad to report they were n't . 
 marky stretches her arms in the air . 
 `` well , i 'm pooped . 
 i think i 'll curl up with a good book . '' 
 she jumps over to laken , nearly knocking her down to the ground . 
 `` thank you for being so nice to me . '' 
 my stomach sinks like a ship . 
 if laken and i do n't end up together , it 'll break marky 's heart as much as it will mine . 
 i tousle my sister 's hair as she takes off for the stairs . 
 `` are you high off all that sugar , flanders ? '' 
 laken twists a dishtowel in her hands before snapping it at my hips . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 i snatch her weapon of choice and toss it behind my back . 
 i do n't hesitate pulling her in by the waist , and laken bubbles with a laugh . 
 `` i 'm high off you , stewart . '' 
 her smile softens as she tilts into me . 
 `` you know i love it when you call me that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 our eyes lock and the world stills . 
 it 's just laken and me , our bodies connected at the hips as if it were the most natural thing in the world , and it feels as if it is . 
 her tongue swipes over her lips , glossing them quickly . 
 laken tucks her head in toward mine an inch , and my eyes widen . 
 we have n't shared a kiss since that night in the hotel , that night wesley came from nowhere and changed everything between laken and me in a heartbeat . 
 i 've been meaning to tell her that i want her to be sure with him . 
 to really take her time before making any decisions regarding who she wants to be with , but a part of me says screw that . 
 i lean in a little , and she does the same . 
 laken 's eyes begin to close . 
 her lips part as she comes in closer . 
 her breathing picks up pace , as does mine , and my hard-on knocks at my levis . 
 `` here you are . '' 
 my father 's voice booms from behind , and we part ways looking nothing short of guilty . 
 shit . 
 `` yup , we 're here . '' 
 i shoot him a look without meaning to . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he swallows down a laugh . 
 dad has on his tweed cardigan , his thick framed glassed . 
 `` i did n't realize i was interrupting . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 laken takes a step forward , shaking her head emphatically . 
 `` we just finished baking some cookies . 
 would you like some ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 dad 's smile expands because he knows what else we were just about to cook up . 
 `` i thought you might be interested to know there 's been an edict given by the counts . 
 they 'll begin exterminating the spectators on their own sometime in the near future . '' 
 he gives a slight nod . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , i think i 'll turn in early . 
 this news does n't sit well with me . '' 
 he stares over at me with a sudden look of disappointment . 
 `` be careful you two . '' 
 he shakes his head , exasperated . 
 `` i realize you 're young and in love . '' 
 he takes in a breath , and secretly i hope he chokes on it long enough to forget his train of thought . 
 `` i 'm not as good at having this talk as some other parents might be , but please , be careful . 
 you have bright futures ahead of you . 
 immediate gratification might feel good in the moment , but sometimes it comes with lifelong consequences . '' 
 he flexes a dry smile . 
 `` do n't make me a grandpa just yet . '' 
 he takes off , and i want nothing more than to grind myself down the garbage disposal . 
 `` that was n't awkward at all . '' 
 note to self , have a little talk with dad . 
 that insatiable smile bounces back to her lips as she swoops on over . 
 `` i do n't mind . '' 
 she wraps her arms around my waist , and i do the same , pulling her in close . 
 `` i like that your dad is trying to protect you-both of us . '' 
 `` from each other . '' 
 i narrow my brows . 
 laken knocks her head back and lets out an effortless laugh . 
 `` he 's just trying to make sure we save procreation for another day . '' 
 she bites down over a smile as her hips grind into mine . 
 laken is playful and light , and the words i wanted to share with her tonight suddenly feel like a noose around my neck . 
 i 'm pretty sure if the situation were reversed , wes would n't be asking her to explore her feelings for me just to be sure . 
 `` i 'm all for saving procreation for another day . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` as long as i 'm the one who gets to procreate with you . '' 
 shit . 
 could i sound more desperate ? 
 not to mention it 's a far cry from the endorsement i was about to gift wes . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she tilts into me , her lips edging for that kiss again . 
 `` you would want that with me ? '' 
 her lips twitch with an acute sadness , and i do n't even want to guess what it could mean . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'd die if she broke my heart right here in the kitchen . 
 for all i know , laken could be giddy off cookie dough , and doling out kisses is simply one of the side effects . 
 the smile glides from my face . 
 `` yes , '' i press it out lower than a whisper . 
 `` i want a lot of things with you . '' 
 i shake my head as if contradicting the words that just flew from my lips . 
 her mouth opens , and i gently lay a finger over it . 
 `` no , please , do n't say anything . 
 i do n't want you to feel like you 've been backed in a corner to share your feelings . 
 i know you still have something with wes . 
 i get it . 
 i want you to know that i support whatever you decide . 
 laken , i will never judge you . '' 
 i touch my forehead to hers a moment . 
 `` i just want to see you happy . 
 that 's all . '' 
 and that 's as close as i get to marketing wesley to her heart . 
 having laken here , so close-touching me - is like tossing lighter fluid on the flames . 
 i think i 'm already in the fire . 
 i hope i do n't get burned in the end . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , i 've had my fair share of fantasies where he morphs into a football , and i score the winning touchdown by kicking him across the field . '' 
 i tickle her ribs to try and pull us out of the pit i 've inadvertently landed us in . 
 `` but then again , you sort of dominate my fantasies . '' 
 true as god . 
 laken secures me by the chin until my eyes are settled over hers once again . 
 `` i have never met anyone like you before , cooper flanders . '' 
 laken drips with grief as she says it . 
 her mouth opens as if she wanted to say something else then aborts the effort . 
 `` morph into a football ? '' 
 she looks away , confused by my idiotic descriptive . 
 great . 
 first , i practically shove her in wesley 's direction , then i recant and let her know i regularly kick his ass in my screwed-up imagination . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have gone there . '' 
 i run my hands up over her shoulders , trying to pull her back into the moment . 
 if she offers up that kiss again , i wo n't hesitate to take it . 
 but now that i made myself sound like a douchebag by reducing wes to a sack of pigskin i 'd like nothing more than to kick the shit out of , i 'm pretty sure she 's changed her mind . 
 `` no , it 's not that . '' 
 she pulls free and touches her fingers to her temple a moment . 
 `` laken , what 's wrong ? '' 
 my arms refuse to let go . 
 instead , i tighten my grip around her . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's nothing , but you just reminded me of something wes said a while back . '' 
 she looks up and holds my stare . 
 `` something about celestra having a power they were too stupid to know about . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 suddenly i 'm not feeling too bad about wanting to kick him across the field . 
 `` he said they could shape shift-morph into any creature they wanted . '' 
 what the hell ? 
 `` i 've never heard that . 
 it 's not true . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` you think he 's trying to throw you off ? '' 
 `` he was convinced . 
 he said when he drinks their blood , he can do it himself . 
 maybe it 's that girl he 's taking it from ? 
 skyla . '' 
 `` no . 
 only fem 's can do the things he 's talking about . '' 
 laken 's eyes widen with fear . 
 i lead her straight back to my father 's office and open his laptop . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she slips on the armrest beside me as i pull up the genetic info i had my dad compile a few weeks back . 
 `` just extinguishing one last doubt . '' 
 i type in his name-wesley paxton , and his databank pops up . 
 `` shit , '' it slips out without meaning to . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 laken leans in until we 're cheek to cheek . 
 `` this . '' 
 i point over to the genetic markers next to his angelic listing . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 all i see is countenance-nso . '' 
 i touch the notation at the bottom . 
 `` nso-no specific origin . 
 nobody else has an undetermined factor , laken . '' 
 i look over at her and give the hint of a nod as she pieces it together on her own . 
 `` oh my , god . '' 
 laken steadies her eyes over mine . 
 `` you think he 's demetri 's son , do n't you ? '' 
 my heart hammers over my chest with both horror and elation . 
 `` i know he is . '' 
 wesley the clouds lose their luminosity as the day fades to grey . 
 ephemeral is lit up like a winter wonderland in honor of tonight 's formal . 
 it 's the one dance they like to keep on campus . 
 mom says it 's because you can never trust if we 're going to have an early snow . 
 but , then again , she 's not my real mother , just some special issue from the counts . 
 i smirk into the night on my way to pick up laken . 
 `` mr. paxton ! '' 
 i turn to find my newfound father striding toward me . 
 now there 's a biological surprise i 'd like to forget . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i gruff it out . 
 i knew i should have hurried and went ahead with fletch . 
 but i wanted to take my time and get my hair just right for laken . 
 like she 's going to judge this contest on my follicular standing . 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 i 'm pretty sure laken sees that . 
 and when she finds out i 'm a bastardized fem , i 'm sure she 'll want nothing to do with my sorry ass . 
 that 's part of the reason i 've decided not to tell her-yet , anyway . 
 demetri slaps his arm over my shoulder and walks me away from the crowd . 
 `` you ready for tonight ? '' 
 `` let 's see-i 've got my tux on , my dancing shoes , so yes . 
 i think i 'm f ** king ready for tonight . '' 
 i flick his arm off and keep walking . 
 he pulls me back with no real effort on his part . 
 `` how you amuse yourself this evening is the least of my concerns . 
 i 'm talking about the burning of the bridge . '' 
 he shifts his stare to the overgrown forest on our left . 
 bridge burning . 
 that 's the name of the project they 've given to taking out the spectators . 
 jones has decided to utilize me to do his dirty work . 
 he wants every single spook out of trinity county by midnight . 
 he said he 'll arm me with enough gas bombs to stop a herd of elephants-that is if they happen to be partially deceased , frozen in a rigor state . 
 ezrina guaranteed it would take them down in minutes-dissolve their flesh to ashes within twenty-four hours . 
 not that she can fully be trusted . 
 the damn witch came from celestra to begin with . 
 `` yeah , i 'm ready . '' 
 i yank my elbow free from his grasp . 
 `` is that what you came for ? 
 to give me some pointers on how to take down the spectators ? 
 or maybe a little father-son bonding time is what you were really after . '' 
 i grit the words through my teeth . 
 `` now , wesley '' - he gives it with a dull , expiring laugh - `` i wish you the best tonight both in and out of those woods . 
 but do yourself a favor , and guard your heart . 
 it 's prone to get broken if you keep pining for someone else 's girl . '' 
 wickedness gleams off him like a sheen . 
 it 's undeniable . 
 he 's an unthinkable kind of evil , and knowing i 'm derived from him sends a chill right down to my soul . 
 `` you mean flanders ' girl . '' 
 i sag into myself momentarily stunted by the trauma of the idea . 
 `` i 'm afraid so . '' 
 `` it 's not happening on my watch . '' 
 i stride past him , down the hill toward austen house . 
 it 's never happening if i have anything to say about it . 
 i hit the entrance and stride on in without looking back to see if dear , old dad is gloating over my shoulder . 
 instead , i head into the dorm as the thick , cloying scent of every perfume known to womankind collides right here in the entry . 
 `` look at you . '' 
 kresley is quick to wrap herself around me like a serpent . 
 that can only mean laken is around and ready to witness the event . 
 `` knock it off . '' 
 i peel her limbs away just short of landing her on the floor . 
 `` hey , you know what 's been bugging me ? '' 
 she pokes a finger in her cheek and tilts into my body , manipulative as hell . 
 not that she 's any good at it . 
 `` i 'm not interested . '' 
 i try to make my way toward the common room , but she holds me back a moment . 
 `` if laken is your essential , why the hell has cooper flanders been pawing all over her the last half-hour ? '' 
 she points over by the fireplace , and i see them . 
 laken has her hair tied back . 
 she 's wearing a simple navy dress and looks stunning . 
 my heart picks up pace , my dick begs me to make her mine tonight in the very worst way . 
 coop stands next to her with his hand cradling her elbow . 
 they whisper into one another with a strangled intensity . 
 probably inventing new ways to get rid of me . 
 `` none of your damn business . '' 
 kresley spins me around before i can take off . 
 she spears me with those overly made up eyes , those clownish lips . 
 `` i thought so . 
 it never happened , did it ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i do n't know why the hell i felt the need to confess to kres , of all people , but something about verbalizing it feels like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 her features morph into genuine heartbreak for me as she cups the side of my face . 
 `` i promise , wes , i will always be here for you . 
 whatever this thing was with laken , i forgive you . '' 
 a body brushes up against me , and laken is quick to insert herself between the two of us . 
 `` whatever this thing is with laken ? '' 
 a dark laugh bubbles from her throat . 
 coop stands behind her decked out in his rent-a-tux , his thirteen-dollar cologne , and it takes an effort not to slug him for the hell of it . 
 `` look , kres , whatever 's going on between wes and me is our business . 
 no one 's looking for any help from you-so you can stop volunteering . '' 
 she threads her arm through mine . 
 `` that 's right , '' i say to kresley , trying to get her out of my life once and for all . 
 besides , i need laken to see i 'm aligned with her , or i 'll never win her heart or her trust . 
 `` laken and i can handle this . '' 
 i look over to coop for a second . 
 `` this is just another bump in the road . 
 we 'll get through it . '' 
 i land a kiss over laken 's cheek , and my insides soften to butter . 
 i want her in the worst way right now . 
 i always have . 
 kres shakes her head in pity . 
 `` i 'll still be here for you when she dumps you , wes . 
 the tragedy is , she already has , and you just have n't accepted it yet . '' 
 i speed us out the door and welcome the cold slap of wind against my face . 
 we head toward dickenson hall , laken in the middle with coop and i ensconcing her like bookends . 
 i wonder how long this will stretch out before she clears her head and makes a decision . 
 i wonder if i 'd let it stretch out forever-hell , i know i would . 
 the last thing i 'll do is admit that kres is right . 
 she might be . 
 a part of me knows she is . 
 dickenson hall is lit up like a christmas tree with a million twinkle lights sprayed out . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' laken whispers . 
 it 's the first thing she 's said-that any of us have said since i 've arrived . 
 `` you 're the only beautiful thing i see . '' 
 i twist into her , wrapping my arm around her waist , not really caring about any unspoken rules that might be in play tonight . 
 `` you look gorgeous . '' 
 laken flexes her hips into mine , and i go for it . 
 i wrap both arms around her and pull her in . 
 i 'm feeling it , and i hope she is , too . 
 laken and i have always had an undeniable chemistry . 
 `` i think '' - she nods toward the tables sitting around the facility with their flickering candles , their tall vases filled with blood red roses - `` we should go have dinner . '' 
 laken leads us over to the table with fletch and carter . 
 jen and blaine join us and fill out the rest of the chairs . 
 `` ladies . '' 
 blaine nods into the table as he takes a seat . 
 `` everyone here looks dressed to impress . 
 nice work . '' 
 the wait staff starts shuffling around , and , before we know it , a crisp , green salad lands in front of each of us . 
 `` so , laken '' - fletch hoses down his lettuce with ranch dressing like he were putting out a fire - `` i see you finally found something worth collecting-men . '' 
 he knocks his elbow into carter , and she rolls her eyes . 
 `` be quiet , fletcher . '' 
 jen is quick with the reprimand . 
 `` laken is a beautiful young lady who 's simply exercising her options . '' 
 laken 's mouth falls open . 
 i bet she 's sorry she 's not within strangling distance . 
 i hate the thought of being referred to as an option , but , at least , i 'm still on the table-for now . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 blaine tweaks his brows into his food , and i can feel it coming . 
 `` so when wes shows up with a spare girl to prom , laken will be the first to understand . '' 
 `` shut up , blaine . '' 
 i close my eyes a moment before turning to laken . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't apologize . '' 
 blaine scoffs , lifting his water goblet as if he 's ready to commence a toast . 
 `` turnabout 's fair play . 
 is n't that right , laken ? '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 jen tries to defuse the situation . 
 `` enough is right . '' 
 i growl over at my brother . 
 i 'm about ready to turn this entire damn table over . 
 `` laken and i are going through some pretty heavy stuff right now , and i 'd appreciate it if you 'd give us a little breathing room . 
 i 'm sure coop does n't want to listen to your bullshit either , so cap it . '' 
 laken reaches under the table and clasps onto my fingers . 
 thank you . 
 she keeps her hand over mine for a good long while . 
 i 'm starting to think the road to laken 's heart was paved by cooper 's boots , hell , i 'll lick them if i have to . 
 `` so , coop ... '' i lean over and begin a conversation about ephemeral football that spans an hour . 
 game on . 
 when the tables clear off and the lights go down , i ask laken if she wants to dance . 
 it 's an upbeat song , and i would rather drown in vomit than shake my body to it , but if this is what it 's going to take to keep laken away from coop , i 'm in . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she takes my hand as i pull her to her feet . 
 `` yes , really . '' 
 fletch maintains the conversation so good old coop wo n't feel too lonely . 
 i slipped him a benjamin earlier to make sure flanders never had a dull moment-told him there was another one in it for him if he pulled it off with flying colors . 
 sorry , carter , your boyfriend is all about the green tonight . 
 `` i 'm really proud of you , wes . '' 
 laken licks her lips while looking right at me . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd swear that was an invitation . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 i pull her in by the small of her back and drop a kiss onto her forehead . 
 `` because you have n't threatened to lop off his balls once tonight . '' 
 `` yeah , well '' - i glance over her shoulder at coop and fletch still head to head with their sports-centered conversation - `` there 's still time . '' 
 `` very funny . '' 
 we hit the dance floor , and the first thing to move is the dinner in my stomach . 
 shit . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 the only moves i 'm known for are the ones that take place in a swimming pool . 
 but this is n't water polo-it 's suicide by way of the white boy boogie i 'm going to own in a few moments . 
 i 'd give anything for a slow song right about now . 
 god knows i 'm in the mood to hold laken tight for a good , long stretch of time . 
 the music shifts , and the girls rocking out on the dance floor give an audible groan before they scramble to find prospective dance partners . 
 `` holy crap , '' i whisper . 
 `` would you look at that ? '' 
 a smile inches its way up my cheek . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 i bring her hand to my lips . 
 `` by all means . '' 
 laken molds her body over mine , and every cell i own exhales with relief . 
 maybe she does want this . 
 `` i do , '' she whispers . 
 `` more than anything . '' 
 a wave of pain washes over her features . 
 i slipped one through . 
 i 'll need to be extra careful with what i let her hear tonight . 
 god forbid i replay any of the conversations i 've had with edinger . 
 things would go to shit pretty quickly after that . 
 you can still hear me ? 
 i bump my nose to hers and pull back . 
 i hope you do n't mind . 
 she gives the hint of a nod . 
 it makes me feel closer to you this way . 
 there 's nothing about you that i mind , laken . 
 but , i beg of you , the next time you need an infusion , do n't go to coop . 
 i close my eyes to keep from visualizing the horror of laken 's mouth latched onto his neck . 
 come with me to tenebrous . 
 you do n't need to worry . 
 i 've decided not to get another infusion . 
 her cheeks darken as if she were embarrassed that she ever did . 
 i have n't had one since before halloween , so i suppose this will cut out soon . 
 i ca n't say i 'm not relieved . 
 i completely understand . 
 the tunnels will always be there if she changes her mind in the future , but those will be the last words i 'll say to her tonight . 
 i offer a shy smile , and her features soften . 
 mind if i show you a neat trick ? 
 the song starts to die down , and i glare over at the dj , mentally imploring him to play another slow , warbling tune that laken and i can continue to grind our hips to , and miraculously he does . 
 trick ? 
 she pulls back and takes me in with that beautiful face . 
 i 'm greedy for her in the worst way , and her extra sharp beauty only seems to magnify this insatiable ache . 
 open your mind . 
 i picture the two of us back in kansas outside the old barn in a pile of autumn-colored leaves-nothing but an explosion of red , the air filled with all of my wanting for her . 
 `` wes ! '' 
 she pulls back and swallows down a laugh . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 `` hang on tight because i 'm about to do a hell of a lot more . '' 
 laken lays her head over my shoulder as i take her for a spin around all our old favorite haunts . 
 i settle us down on a blanket overlooking the lake . 
 the sky overhead is a clear shade of vanilla . 
 the sunlight dapples the surface of the water until it dances with a shock of lightning . 
 so beautiful . 
 she warms my chest with a sigh . 
 then i appear in the scene and hold out my hand for her to do the same until she materializes beside me . 
 here we are , right back in kansas . 
 laken glows like a goddess , like a princess . 
 she already is one in my heart . 
 laken comes to me , her body molding over mine , and we 're dancing alone in this private universe made of gold and light , and , right about now , an entire string of erotic wishes . 
 i lift her chin with my finger and bow a kiss over her lips . 
 i hope that 's okay . 
 laken runs her hands over my chest as wide and warm as the sun over our shoulders . 
 it 's more than okay . 
 she stands on her tiptoes and touches her lips to mine , soft at first then hungry and soulful as if she missed this just as much as i did . 
 the song starts to die down , and i will for another longer , far slower song to ensue , and it does . 
 i take in a breath at the realization that it just might be me controlling the playlist this evening . 
 all those incidents i logged as nothing more than coincidences can now be fully attributed to my twisted lineage . 
 laken and i continue our kiss , deep in the heart of kansas . 
 i turn up the volume on our every sensation , and laken moans into me both in and out of reality . 
 her tongue slips over mine , sweet and urgent . 
 i ride my hands down her hips until my fingers hit her hemline . 
 laken lifts her dress just enough and collapses her hands over mine , pulling them across her bare legs , then higher still , and i groan into her . 
 my dick perks to life confused by the dual signals it 's getting . 
 as far as it 's concerned its all systems go . 
 laken , i love you . 
 i want this with you . 
 i whisper it in her ear , and she looks up at me , glowing in our minds ' eye just as alive as she is right here in my arms . 
 i want this with you , too , wes . 
 i 've always wanted this with you . 
 laken strips me clean of my blazer and dress shirt , slow and easy , never taking her eyes off mine . 
 she runs her lips over my chest , completely engulfed in the freedom the fantasy affords . 
 i do n't miss a beat . 
 i pull her dress right over her head and bring her to the ground with me . 
 laken sinks into the grass , a brilliant shock of white over the dark , leafy lawn . 
 laken brings the light and the beauty wherever she goes . 
 i lay over her and close my eyes as soon as my chest singes hers . 
 our lips find one another again as her body coils around me like a vine . 
 her fingers work the front of my pants with a fury i 've only dreamed about . 
 laken reaches into my boxers , and i groan as her cool fingers clasp over me . 
 shit . 
 i press in with hard , aggressive kisses that threaten to explode this fragile universe we 're playing in . 
 we are the gods . 
 this universe of our own making could be ours time and time again . 
 with this new outlet open to us , laken and i can f ** k our brains out right in front of good old coop any time we want . 
 i unhook her bra and pull it off-nothing but sleight of hand . 
 laken presses her chest to mine , and i die a little on the inside . 
 this is it . 
 she 's all in-so am i. i 'm so in love with you , laken . 
 i ca n't lose you . 
 you will never lose me , she assures . 
 i will always love you , wesley . 
 always . 
 you are buried in my heart forever . 
 i swear it . 
 our kisses reach a fever pitch . 
 laken yanks my boxers and jeans down past my knees , her nails raking over my thighs as she works her way up my back . 
 i 'm not going to be able to stop , i whisper , taking a soft bite out of her earlobe . 
 who said i wanted you to stop ? 
 laken does n't want me to stop . 
 my chest bucks with emotions i did n't even know i was fighting . 
 my hands swivel over her body , tracing out the curves that up until now i had only dreamed of touching . 
 my fingers mold into the soft cushion of her br ** sts , and i let out an audible groan that sounds as if i 'm in serious pain . 
 i am-and it 's the best f ** king kind . 
 a hard tap lands over my shoulder , and i jerk because i know what 's coming . 
 another series of blows go off over my back until i 'm forced to open my eyes . 
 laken pulls back , and we disconnect from our fantasy world to find coop with the plug in hand . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 he cuts me a hard look as if he 's about to beat some ass . 
 i 'd return the favor , but i kind of like having laken think highly of me . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i pick up her hand and kiss it a moment . 
 our eyes lock over one another , and i can feel the sorrow stretching between us like taffy . 
 i love you , laken stewart . 
 i burrow into her with a stare . 
 do n't you ever forget that . 
 i look over to coop and give an amicable nod . 
 `` have fun . '' 
 i walk away and glance at the dj . 
 the music changes pace to some wild , raucous shit you ca n't stand to hear let alone jerk your limbs to . 
 have fun looking like an idiot , coop . 
 because it 's game f ** king on , and you are going down , buddy . 
 i head for the exit . 
 it 's time the spectators went down , too . 
 10 two steps from hell laken the twinkle lights blind me momentarily as i try to catch both my breath and balance after what just took place with wes . 
 the music escapes the speakers like a prison riot , and it 's all i can do not to puke right here on the dance floor . 
 i lean into coop-handsome as hell , gorgeous drop-to-my-knees , coop . 
 i feel like shit . 
 like i 've just cheated on him right here in front of all of ephemeral even if the entire exchange did take place in our imaginations . 
 i can practically feel grayson 's bloated boobs pointing in my direction , gloating . 
 `` i think i 'm going to head to the restroom a minute , '' i shout up over the noise . 
 `` how about i meet you outside ? '' 
 it 's loud as hell , and the last thing i want to do is move my body to this musical mess . 
 coop touches his hand to my cheek and gives a sullen nod . 
 it 's bad enough he witnessed me rocking in wesley 's arms for the better part of an hour . 
 that , alone , kills me . 
 i 'll be waiting . 
 i make my way to the back of the hall and barrel into the bathroom . 
 my ears pulsate in the stunted silence . 
 my entire body relaxes as i lean against the wall trying to cool off from the heated exchange that just took place between wes and i . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 i ca n't wrap my head around it . 
 it 's like my body was on autopilot , but deep down i wanted it , and anything more he was willing to give me . 
 i close my eyes a moment . 
 in all honesty , i thought coop had this in the bag . 
 wes is too far into the counts , hell , into the fems to ever come back-but that bodily exchange , those heady kisses said screw every false belief that boy is holding onto . 
 i wanted him , plain and simple . 
 still do . 
 jen steps out of a stall and averts her eyes when she sees me . 
 `` wes finally let you go , huh ? '' 
 she washes her hands in a hurry and walks over while massaging a paper towel between her fingers . 
 `` you know , i felt really bad for coop . 
 it was as if fletch was holding him hostage . 
 i swear , every time coop tried to get up , fletch had another story he just had to tell him . '' 
 she makes a face . 
 `` so how was it ? '' 
 `` phenomenal . '' 
 jen 's eyes widen . 
 `` phenomenal ? '' 
 `` yes , '' it comes from me far more distressed . 
 `` it was surreal . 
 he took me back to kansas , and we sat by the lake making love . '' 
 i blush because i ca n't believe i just said the words making love . 
 it makes me feel two hundred years old , but still , i 'm pretty sure that 's the right way to describe it . 
 `` i mean we did n't go all the way , but we were right there . '' 
 i shake my head staring off in a daze . 
 `` wes had me in every real way . '' 
 jen taps the side of my cheek with a light slap . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 it was just a dance . 
 i 'm sure cooper will show you a few rival moves if you let him . 
 besides '' - her mood plummets as she wads up her paper towel and tosses it in the trash - `` i heard something tonight between blaine and wes that did n't sit well with me . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 my heart gives a horrific thump then stops as if it , too , were leaning in to hear whatever jen might say next . 
 `` blaine said the spectators were being taken care of tonight . '' 
 she gives a stern nod . 
 `` when blaine asked him if he needed to bag them , wes said the only thing he planned on bagging was an anderson . '' 
 jen presses in with that wild-eyed stare she gets when she 's on the brink of losing her shit . 
 `` jen , he 's a guy . 
 i bet you , blaine has said that to him a thousand times . '' 
 `` it was crass . 
 i do n't like anybody talking about my baby sister like that . 
 it makes me insane to say it , but if cooper is more of a gentleman , then i suggest you stick with him . '' 
 `` it 's not that easy . '' 
 i look down and play with my fingers . 
 `` cooper is just as much of a guy in that sense . '' 
 `` then how are you going to do it ? 
 how are you going to choose ? 
 you ca n't just continue to date the two of them forever . 
 there has to be one solid line in the sand , and , in my opinion , wes has crossed it . '' 
 wesley and his erotic kisses pulse through me like a heartbeat . 
 it may have been coop who saved me in the woods that day i first arrived , but it was wes who i stayed for . 
 i wanted him to wake up from this long , horrible dream just to hold him again , and now i have that . 
 a terrible grief washes over me , a blackness that i have never known before drapes over me like a lead membrane . 
 `` look '' - she pulls me in , and her honeysuckle perfume wraps around me like a blanket - `` there must be something really special about coop . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know what it is , but i saw him stealing glances at you and wes , and he was dying inside , laken . 
 he died a thousand deaths tonight at that table . 
 i 've never seen a more tortured soul in all my life . 
 i know wesley loves you , but it 's safe to say that coop does , too . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to do . '' 
 i clasp onto her as if i need her to keep from blowing away in this sea of indecision . 
 `` they ca n't both be equal in your eyes . 
 there must be something that one has and the other does n't that just makes him a better fit . '' 
 `` they 're not shoes , jen . 
 they 're people . 
 i love them both for very different reasons . '' 
 that sounded pathetic coming from my own lips . 
 `` i guess the only way out is to pray one of them does something unforgiveable . '' 
 that room of fire flashes through my mind , edinger , the stone of sacrifice . 
 `` i 'd hate to be in your shoes , laken . 
 but you 're a smart girl . 
 i 'm sure you 'll figure it out . '' 
 she fishes a lip-gloss out of her wristlet and does a quick swipe over her mouth . 
 the door opens , and in walks jax and fallon in their matching red velvet dresses . 
 `` looks like i 'm seeing double , '' i quip . 
 i could n't resist . 
 they must have shit an entire truckload of bricks once they saw they were wearing the very same dress . 
 that breaks all kinds of girl code and casts a pox on your entire evening . 
 `` shut up , anderson , '' jax snipes while reapplying her chili red lipstick . 
 `` that goes double for you , jen . '' 
 she cuts a quick look to fallon before vomiting any more of her hostility our way . 
 `` heard blaine telling coop he was looking to bag an anderson . '' 
 she glares into my sister . 
 `` too bad for you . 
 rumor has it you 've super glued your vagina shut . 
 the ironic thing is blaine was the one that started the rumor way back when . '' 
 jax and blaine had a thing `` way back when '' and , obviously , jax has no problem rubbing my sister 's face in it . 
 jen 's cheeks light up three shades of scarlet . 
 looks like blaine just crossed one serious line . 
 jax settles her death rays on me . 
 `` i bet coop is thinking of bagging the exact same thing-or is it wesley 's turn ? '' 
 jen slaps her . 
 a full open-palmed whack , that you never saw coming , skirts across her perfect little face , and i do n't bother holding back the shit-eating grin blooming on mine . 
 jax nurses her wound a moment . 
 `` you 're going to die , '' she says it plain as fact . 
 `` come on , fallon . 
 we 've got a felony to map out . 
 have a goodnight , jen . 
 it will be your last . '' 
 fallon mouths i 'm sorry as they head out the door . 
 i wrap an arm around my sister 's shoulder . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 but she had it backward . 
 it 's jax who 's going to die . '' 
 she speeds out the door before i can stop her . 
 the air outside is stilted , unusually warm with the flush of ozone scenting the vicinity as storm clouds ready to unleash . 
 winter formal rages on as i step onto the courtyard of dickenson hall and head toward the shadowed woods . 
 a few bodies linger near the building , a set of two couples with their arms locked around one another , and , for a moment , i 'm envious . 
 i want that . 
 tragically , i want it with both wes and coop . 
 jen 's words come back to me . 
 i 'd better pray that either coop or wes does something unforgiveable . 
 a rattle of a laugh dies in my chest . 
 i ca n't imagine either coop or wes hurting me in any way . 
 wes is slowly slitting the throat of our relationship with the counts , but coop is stealth . 
 an owl cries through the damp night as i make my way to an overgrown oak . 
 `` coop ? '' 
 i whisper in hope he 's in the vicinity . 
 i should never have taken my time with jen . 
 he probably thinks i 've ditched him . 
 maybe he ditched me and went home ? 
 the crush of leaves disrupts the silence from just a few feet away . 
 `` cooper ? '' 
 i make my way over as the footsteps quicken in my direction . 
 the music from the hall dissipates from behind as if it were coming from another world entirely , a dream . 
 a gurgle comes from up ahead , then the distinct sound of choking . 
 `` coop , is that you ? '' 
 `` laken ! '' 
 my name echoes from the brick walkway , loud and bold , and unmistakably from cooper . 
 i dash out of the woods and flag him down as he nearly passes me by . 
 `` laken . '' 
 he practically tackles me , out of breath , his arms locked tight around my waist . 
 `` you 're okay . '' 
 he presses a kiss over my forehead and engulfs me in a hard embrace . 
 `` coop , what 's going on ? 
 you 're scaring me . '' 
 he pulls back , taking me in under the depressed light , and his lips curve at the tips . 
 `` first , i want to tell you how breathtaking you are . 
 you are stunning , laken . 
 you know that ? '' 
 something in my chest loosens , and a peace that surpasses all understanding takes over . 
 his eyes lend me a smile all their own . 
 his lips look lush and soft , and it takes an enormous amount of willpower not to hike up on my tiptoes and kiss them . 
 but a very grounded part of me knows what needs to happen next . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i cinch my hands around his hips . 
 `` and i 'm sorry for everything that 's happened tonight . '' 
 my lips press together to keep from trembling . 
 `` no . '' 
 his eyes close a moment . 
 `` do n't apologize . 
 you did nothing wrong . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i hurt you . '' 
 `` not true . '' 
 he touches his forehead to mine . 
 `` i swear it , i want you to be happy , and if wes makes you happy then i want that for you , too . '' 
 our eyes lock , neither of one of us breathes . 
 a guttural growl emits from deep within the woods . 
 we look over into the infinite expanse of evergreens covered in a sheet of darkness , the monsters that live within them waiting to devour us . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 he grips me by the elbow and starts pulling me onto the brick pathway . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i pull him back a moment . 
 `` you make me happy , coop . '' 
 every molecule in my body sings when i say it . 
 the sky lights up a moment as if to testify to the fact . 
 a smile edges on his lips . 
 coop leans in and touches his finger to my nose , then down to my lips . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 he offers another quick embrace and buries a kiss over the back of my head . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he pulls me along with his arm wrapped low on my hips as we speed toward the student parking lot . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` wes is killing the spectators tonight . '' 
 he unlocks his truck . 
 shit . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 coop pulls his backpack from off the driver 's side before riffling through it . 
 he pulls out a short , stalky gun i remember from the time i inadvertently shot jones-a bastardized ruger . 
 he pulls another out of his backpack because , apparently , they 're multiplying . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 i pant while loading the ruger . 
 `` you kill wes , and i 'll stop the spectators . '' 
 he snaps the bastardized magazine into place , and i catch him by the wrist . 
 `` i 'm not killing wes . '' 
 `` then i will . '' 
 cooper dickenson hall vibrates to some auto-tuned disaster as laken and i dive deeper into the woods . 
 the quiet of the forest displaces the sound of bad music , and soon the only thing left to hear is the crush of pine needles beneath our feet . 
 her fingers tighten over mine as i lead us deeper into the back of the woods about a half mile down to the tangle of bushes where i know for a fact flynn is holding court with his cadaverous harem . 
 laken squeezes my hand . 
 `` we ca n't kill wes . '' 
 the words thread between us lower than a whisper , almost half-hearted . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` what exactly is wes planning , anyway ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 edinger said it was going down tonight . 
 we need to find flynn . '' 
 i pluck a small whistle from my pocket and give three shrill cries into the woods . 
 `` let 's give him a minute to get his pants up . '' 
 `` some things never change . '' 
 laken shivers while trying to warm herself with her hands . 
 `` here . '' 
 i start to take off my jacket . 
 `` no . '' 
 she helps pull it back over my shoulders and smooths her fingers across my chest . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 besides , if we need to run ... '' crap . 
 here i am putting her directly in harm 's way . 
 `` let me take you back . 
 you can take my keys and drive to my house-hangout with marky and my dad . '' 
 `` there 's no way i 'm leaving you . '' 
 the woods light up with a putrid stench , as a trio of shadows stagger over . 
 `` flynn ? '' 
 he lets out three quick grunts-a signal system we managed to work out the last time we met . 
 they step into our midst , and the dim light settles over their disheveled hair , their features look as if they 've met up with a cheese grater . 
 flynn comes in close and holds out his arm . 
 `` dude , you look and smell like shit , '' i say , clasping my hand over his . 
 likewise . 
 but tell laken she looks f ** king hot , and as soon as i get my body back in shape , she can look forward to a little mattress rodeo coming her way . 
 a bug crawls from the side of his lips . 
 `` flynn says , hi . '' 
 i nod over to laken , and she touches her hand to mine in an effort to tune into the perverted conversation . 
 `` look '' - i lean into flynn and his mouthful of maggots - `` it 's zero hour , dude . 
 the counts are coming . 
 i 'm taking you and your friends to the transfer . 
 ezrina might have enough juice to bring a couple of you back , but we have to leave now . '' 
 flynn grunts something out to the bedraggled ladies by his side . 
 i 'm pretty sure the one to his left is hattie , at least i 'm hoping it is . 
 those tobias sisters owe us a two-way trip into the celestra tunnels for all we 've done for them . 
 the one to his right howls as if she 's having her teeth pulled , that is , if she has any left . 
 flynn snatches onto her arm and roars something in her face , and she roars right back . 
 `` crap , '' laken whispers . 
 `` tell him to put his balls away . 
 this is n't the time to pick a fight . '' 
 `` i do n't think he 's picking a fight . '' 
 i watch as she tries to make a run for it , and he pulls her in . 
 a horrible scream rips from her throat as she sucker punches flynn with her free hand and takes off like a bullet back from where they came . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 flynn holds out his arm , and both laken and i latch on . 
 she 's pissed , dude . 
 she knows this shit is about to get real , and she wanted to let the others in on it . 
 not a single spectator wants to die . 
 out here there are no factions , all that celestra verses countenance bullshit no longer flies . 
 it 's just one big brotherhood . 
 it 's beautiful man . 
 the world needs us . 
 the factions need us . 
 you ca n't let them kill us , coop . 
 hell , we wo n't let them kill us . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 my jaw tightens because i think i know . 
 a wild howl sets the night on fire before flynn can answer . 
 it 's already happening . 
 the ground trembles , a growling echo drums through the woods as the clatter gets closer and closer like a terrible earthquake . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 laken shouts it over to flynn . 
 this is the war the spectators have been waiting for . 
 `` where are they headed ? '' 
 i pant as the thunder of a thousand pissed off spectators draw ever so close . 
 ephemeral . 
 laken and i race to dickenson hall . 
 i gave strict orders for flynn to stay the hell away from danger and head to the boulders with hattie if he ever intended to join the land of the living again . 
 `` what are we going to tell them ? '' 
 laken 's fingers dig into my arm as we head toward the bustling building . 
 `` i do n't think the truth is going to work . '' 
 `` a good number of people know what a spectator is . 
 maybe the sheer panic to get the hell out of here will inspire the rest of them to take cover . '' 
 grayson and kresley are in the courtyard with their legs kicked out , their hands on their hips like a couple of hookers . 
 `` you guys have to leave , '' laken blurts out . 
 `` the spectators are coming ! '' 
 kresley knocks her head back and laughs . 
 `` you wish . 
 if this is your idea of some sick prank , i suggest you think again . 
 i 'm pretty tight with ms. paxton , and from what i hear , you 're just one more stupid stunt away from a permanent expulsion . '' 
 `` oh , please '' - grayson holds back a grin - `` by all means create a hysteria . '' 
 she winks over at me . 
 `` with laken gone , we can focus on far more important things , like each other . '' 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i pull laken into the facility , and the riot of noise clutters up my ears . 
 i give her fingers a squeeze . 
 we ca n't get separated . 
 laken shakes her head . 
 `` coop , i ca n't hear you anymore . '' 
 shit . 
 `` i 'm not leaving your side , laken ! '' 
 the music cuts out just as i shout the words , and the entire room turns to look at us . 
 then i go for it . 
 `` i love you , laken . '' 
 i say it quieter , for her ears only , but selfishly a part of me wanted to do it right here in front of the entire student population . 
 the music kicks up again , obnoxiously loud as if the room were being detonated by way of exceptionally bad music . 
 laken leans in and whispers directly into my ear , `` i love you , too , coop . '' 
 she dots a kiss just shy of my temple . 
 her gaze freezes over mine as our lips edge into a shy , simultaneous smile . 
 the floor shakes beneath us , and an iced chill travels down my spine . 
 we bolt over to the where the dj sits , smoking his electric cigarette , and i shout over at him to cut the noise . 
 he holds up his hands . 
 `` dude , you better back the hell off . 
 if you have a song request , just write it on that paper . '' 
 he points to the table , and i turn the whole thing over without hesitating , but the music keeps firing from the speakers like a machine gun blast . 
 i grip him by the collar and pull him in . 
 `` stop the f ** king music ! '' 
 i scream it in his face , and he does n't flinch . 
 the music magically cuts out . 
 i look over to find laken holding a cable in her hand that she pulled from a laptop . 
 `` that works . '' 
 i jump up on the nearest table and blow the shit out of that whistle from my pocket . 
 i spot ms. paxton and edinger flying in this direction as if they 're about to tackle me . 
 a group of guys from the team spontaneously begin to chant my name . 
 `` i need everybody to leave the building . 
 there are spectators , zombies , on their way , and they 're going to try to kill you . '' 
 some dude in the back barks out a laugh . 
 `` what are they going to do ? 
 eat our brains ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 laken shouts . 
 `` that 's exactly what they want to do . '' 
 half the room breaks out into cackles while the other half shifts around nervously . 
 `` everyone , calm down ! '' 
 ms. paxton tries to clap the room back to order . 
 `` this is a false alarm . 
 absolutely nothing is wrong . '' 
 she shoots me a look that could slice my balls off . 
 `` mr. flanders , i suggest you be careful getting down . 
 your sobriety is obviously an issue . '' 
 edinger points to the floor , and , for the first time since i 've met him , he looks genuinely pissed . 
 the table shakes . 
 i can hear their primal grunting . 
 they 're getting closer . 
 i pull out my ruger and point it in the air as the room fills with gasps . 
 `` i 've planted bombs all around the f ** king vicinity , and in two minutes i 'm going to level the shit out of this place . '' 
 bodies rush toward the doors . 
 the fire exits burst open as the room clears out in record time . 
 i jump down , and laken wraps an arm around me . 
 `` nothing the threat of a little domestic terrorism could n't cure . 
 good job . '' 
 she presses a kiss onto my lips . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` not so fast . '' 
 edinger steps in our path . 
 `` jen and fletch are n't leaving . '' 
 laken breaks away and heads over to them . 
 `` what ? 
 speak fast . '' 
 i do n't take my eyes off laken . 
 `` i would n't be so quick to be a hero , mr. flanders . 
 you 've broken the rules by tampering with the spectators . 
 you had no authority to warn them in advance . '' 
 `` yeah , well , you can take your rules and f ** k 'em . 
 i 'm sick of the counts and the rules they keep trying to shove up my ass . '' 
 i pull him in by the shirt and get nose to nose with the wicked bastard . 
 `` i want the spectators to live-every single one of them . '' 
 i push him away with a violent force and head toward laken . 
 `` flanders . '' 
 his voice echoes through my bones , solid and hot as a brand . 
 i turn to find his eyes glowing a peculiar shade of crimson . 
 `` that offer i made ? '' 
 he imprints the words he spoke that night into my mind . 
 if you succeed in maneuvering laken from wesley , you win a supervising spirit for life . 
 if laken chooses wesley , you 'll spend the rest of your days in the tunnels . 
 `` it ends at dawn . '' 
 he stalks off toward the exit and brazenly evaporates as he strides out into the night . 
 my body solidifies . 
 marky and dad flash through my mind . 
 i had n't said goodbye . 
 `` coop . '' 
 laken swings around my waist . 
 `` fletch went to find wes . 
 he 's going to die . '' 
 `` he should be okay . 
 i know for a fact he can handle himself out there . '' 
 i 'm not entirely sure fletch wo n't do anything boneheaded , but i leave that out for now . 
 `` where 's jen ? '' 
 `` she went to get blaine . '' 
 her i worry about . 
 we head out to the front as the ground jumps beneath us . 
 a fire escape leading to the roof catches my attention . 
 arms and legs , an entire army of struggling spectators make their way out of the woods , thick as bees . 
 they 're coming at us from every direction at once , plodding on with their ever-quickening speed . 
 i help laken jump up on the ladder as the swarm grunts its way toward us . 
 they straggle forward at a clip i 've never seen before . 
 it 's as if they 've saved all of their f ** ked-up energy for this very moment . 
 a pair of bony hands clasps onto my neck . 
 one of them hugs my legs like a vise as another claws my jacket right off my body . 
 `` cooper ! '' 
 laken screams as she reaches down to me with her hand . 
 i clasp on , and she gives a weak attempt at pulling me up . 
 `` use your strength ! '' 
 i shout trying to break free from the spectator camping out on my thighs . 
 laken lets out a roar . 
 the veins on her neck protrude like cords as she reels me up to the ladder . 
 i latch on and kick the shit out of the spectator hanging on for dear life until it falls on top of the others and drifts up and down in a bobbing sea of zombies . 
 laken and i make it up to the roof , and i turn back to find three of them already climbing their way up . 
 i reach down and take my own advice , using all of the angelic strength i have to pluck the ladder from the side of the building . 
 we watch as it sails to the ground , keeping us safe for now . 
 we run across the connecting rooftops until we hit the science building at the far end of campus . 
 i pull laken in close as we look out at the sea of spectators tearing up ephemeral , reducing it to ruble . 
 asterion floats over their bodies while being passed around on the giant mosh pit the campus has become as if to annunciate the fact our world as we know it is over . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 laken clasps onto me with both hands . 
 `` we need to find wes . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` we need to find out exactly what he plans on doing . '' 
 wesley the spectators have spread out over campus like a plague , like head lice , multiplying their misery over the landscape exponentially . 
 fletch catches up to me just as i duck into the ephemeral library . 
 `` what the hell , dude ? '' 
 he outruns a small herd of f ** ked-up once upon a humans and heads inside with me . 
 `` are the girls safe ? '' 
 `` carter took off with jen and your brother . 
 laken 's with coop . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 and for the first time , i want her to be . 
 if anyone can keep her safe in this madhouse , it 's cooper . 
 i speed down the dark hall , with fletch bobbing around like an unwanted child . 
 i do n't particularly want him to see what i 'm up to , not that i do n't think i ca n't trust fletch . 
 `` you 're my best friend , you know that , man . '' 
 i slap him over the back as we descend the final flight of stairs . 
 `` you pick now to do some male bonding ? 
 dude , we have a war on our hands out there . 
 you think we should call jones ? '' 
 `` who do you think 's behind this shit ? '' 
 i unlock the chamber and hold the door open for fletch . 
 `` jones ? '' 
 he looks as if a truck is about to hit him in the face , and it sort of is . 
 `` there 's more . '' 
 i do n't bother with the lights , just turn on my phone and flash it at the table . 
 a duffle bag waits for me just like edinger said . 
 i unzip it and give a quick inspection . 
 dozens of grenade-like canisters stare back at me , and i 'm quick to seal it up again . 
 i duck down to the bookshelf facing the eastern wall and pluck all the books out of the way . 
 `` what 's back there ? '' 
 fletch asks while unzipping the bag . 
 `` do n't touch that . '' 
 i pull out an ar 15 with a hundred round magazine-ready and willing to blow the heads off dozens of half dead celestra in a five-second span . 
 and i 'll be more than glad to do it . 
 `` that 's a f ** king assault weapon . 
 where the hell 'd you get that ? '' 
 `` do n't worry your pretty little head about it . '' 
 i toss the duffle bag at him . 
 `` just follow me . '' 
 we head back up the stairs only to find the library teeming with them . 
 the furniture is toppled , the gorgeous windows smashed to shards with bodies dangling from them , crying out their broken moans . 
 books are splayed out with their pages floating through the air like oversized confetti , and a surge of sadness comes over me . 
 for so long this place was like home . 
 it was a thing of beauty , a place of refinement , and here celestra and their crapfest have ruined it all . 
 `` dude '' - fletch pants backing down the stairs - `` i 'm not going in there . '' 
 i reach into the bag and pull out a small , metal canister . 
 i pull the pin and toss it into the crowd as a plume of smoke gushes from it like a mushroom cloud . 
 fletch and i bolt back down to the round room . 
 `` there 's no f ** king exit ! '' 
 fletch kicks a chair in a panic . 
 i bust out the window above the bookshelf with the butt of my rifle , and we climb up the shelves like a ladder , out the window , out of hell . 
 the air outside is thick with the scent of death as an army of spectators swarm the buildings . 
 the sound of windows breaking , of glass crashing to the ground , fills the night . 
 screams go off like a demonic choir from every direction , and i ca n't help but think of what might be happening out there . 
 fletch and i toss as many of those damn gas grenades we can as we make our way toward the dorms . 
 a small herd of spectators ambush us from the front of the english building , and i do n't hesitate blowing their heads off . 
 nothing but brains spraying out over the sky , and i do n't feel an ounce of remorse as i watch their dried out grey matter litter the landscape . 
 we make our way over to austen house , the shrill screams light up the vicinity as if all of ephemeral were on some wild roller coaster . 
 fletch bolts inside , and i follow him . 
 the furniture is upturned . 
 the damn place is crawling with groaning , screaming corpses that belong in a cemetery more than they ever do here . 
 i pluck another dirty bomb out of the duffle bag and toss one into the common room without thinking twice . 
 `` wait-i hear something . '' 
 fletch takes off for the kitchen while i pluck the pin on another one and send it flying upstairs . 
 `` we need to go ! '' 
 i shout over the choking moans . 
 `` i need help ! 
 jen 's turned . 
 she just bit through jax easton 's skull . '' 
 i head over in time to see a small stampede topple fletch and the girls over . 
 jax easton 's blood spills across the floor in long , crimson blades . 
 fuck . 
 i pick up my rifle and pluck a few off on the outskirts , scaring the shit out of a few more before knocking them out , too . 
 a butcher block full of knives catches my attention . 
 i pull out the longest one i can find and start hacking my way through the mountain of walking corpses , severing their heads off at the neck . 
 two jump on my back trying their best to take a bite out of my skull . 
 i buck them off and do n't hesitate putting some shrapnel in their skulls . 
 `` wes ! '' 
 one of the girls screams my name from the bottom of the pile , and it sounds like carter . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i kick the crap out of the spectators one by one then pump their heads full of lead before moving on . 
 `` strong little f ** kers , '' i say as i make my way to the final layer of long deceased crap . 
 `` fletch , get up ! '' 
 i roar as i pluck one off him . 
 the spectator 's eye is already gone . 
 her lid is inverted , exposing nothing but a bloodied mess . 
 shit , it 's carter . 
 i slash my way through the final layer of soon-to-be corpses until i come upon jen nursing a thick carbuncle of a wound over her neck-jax by her side , foaming at the mouth . 
 both jax and carter start to twitch . 
 fletch sits up , his face sliced to ribbons . 
 `` god . '' 
 my voice cracks . 
 `` they bit you ! '' 
 i put my hand out to help him up , but his body seizes right along with the girls . 
 `` shit . '' 
 they 're all turning , and there 's not a damn thing i can do to stop it . 
 i do the only thing i can think of-kick them into the pantry and barricade them inside . 
 the only thought floating through my mind , as i walk boldly through a crowd of spectators , is why the hell are n't they after me ? 
 my blood runs cold . 
 my body is still numb from the shock of witnessing my friends turn into a pile of spectator crap , and i 'm not sure whether or not to be pissed at myself because i did n't have the balls to put them out of their misery . 
 i bump the shoulder of a tall , grey spectator with his torn up suit , his tie wrapped around his neck like a noose . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 i roar into his gruesome face with his nose cleanly swiped off , nothing but a black hole staring back at me . 
 `` you f ** king shit ! '' 
 i scream it at the top of my lungs . 
 `` why are n't you coming after me ? '' 
 i latch onto the loose skin of his arm and give a squeeze until his brittle bones crumble beneath me . 
 he gives a roar and slaps me in the eye with his fingers before staggering off . 
 i have a feeling i know why they could n't care less about me . 
 i 'm a f ** king fem that 's why . 
 i stare down at my hands as they glow an eerie lavender from the veiled moon up above . 
 there 's nothing remotely human about me , and they sense it . 
 `` wesley ! '' 
 laken calls my name from behind . 
 i bullet over and pull her into the woods away from the chaos and into the irony of the forest that was once deemed too dangerous . 
 sleepy hollow has become the refuge , ephemeral the deathtrap . 
 `` laken . '' 
 i pepper her face with kisses before pulling away , holding her shoulders as i examine her in this anemic light-not one bite , not one hair out of place . 
 laken looks as if she 's ready to step back onto that dance floor with me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine and you ? '' 
 she cups the side of my face with her hand . 
 `` where 's coop ? '' 
 i look over her shoulder because i know for a fact he 's not far behind . 
 `` he 's at the boulders waiting for flynn . 
 as soon as i saw you , i came running . 
 he watched me all the way down . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i draw her in and plant a kiss over her head . 
 `` i need to get you back . 
 have him take you to the transfer . 
 it 's the safest place to be . 
 i can handle this on my own . '' 
 `` what are you handling ? '' 
 her voice rises in a panic as she takes in the rifle strapped to my chest . 
 `` what are you doing , wes ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking the bastards out before they kill us all . '' 
 `` do n't you see that 's how this whole thing started ? '' 
 she plucks at me as if she 's trying to lure me to the boulders , and for a second i wonder if it 's me they want to toss into the transfer . 
 `` we do n't need to kill them . 
 we can call a truce . '' 
 `` it 's too late for that , '' i say it as restrained and kind as possible because who the hell knows what bullshit flanders has been feeding her . 
 `` look , i 'm not trying to be the big , bad spectator killer . 
 i 'm just trying to protect you . '' 
 `` and i appreciate that . '' 
 she dips down on her knees as if she 's pleading before she ever asks a thing . 
 `` but i beg of you , wes , do n't kill them . 
 they never asked to be like this . 
 they just need our help . '' 
 the moon escapes the prison of clouds and shines its benediction over laken . 
 her sweet features smooth over , her lids slit to nothing as if she were seeing me for the very first time and is disappointed . 
 i walk her over to a scrub oak and toss down my bag , remove the rifle from my chest and drop it to the leafy pillow next to it . 
 `` what is it that you want from me , laken ? 
 name it , and i 'm going to give it to you . '' 
 her eyes glint into mine like twin shards . 
 `` tell me who or what you really are , and why the hell you want the spectators wiped off the map . 
 you 're not just a count , are you wes ? '' 
 laken knows . 
 and now everything has changed forever . 
 11 dark side of the heart laken wes walks me deeper into the woods as the fog cloaks us with its ultraviolet rays , cool and sticky . 
 cooper gave me less than ten minutes before he said he 'd be here . 
 he does n't trust wes , not with the spectators , for sure not with me . 
 `` i think we need to talk . '' 
 wes drips his warm hand down my back like heated honey , and not one thing feels scary or irregular about him . 
 it just feels like us , the old wes and laken . 
 i study his face in the shadows , his thick lips , those dark , even brows . 
 wes holds a beauty that most men wish they had , and my heart thumps , painful and hard , as if a giant were hammering on my chest . 
 `` tell me everything , wes . '' 
 he pulls me in , and i warm myself against his body , wishing the world would melt away-leave us alone for once . 
 `` laken '' - his voice remains smooth and calm - `` you know . '' 
 `` i do know . '' 
 the wind dies down , the moans and screams muffle for a moment as if the universe were responding to the revelation . 
 `` how long have you known ? '' 
 `` i found out a couple weeks ago . '' 
 it comes out low , despondent as if he could hardly believe it himself . 
 `` we can ignore it . '' 
 i pull back and catch his gaze in the coffee-filtered light . 
 `` we can still be us , wes . 
 as soon as we stop this madness , we can just walk away . 
 we 'll denounce the counts , and you can forget all about the fact you 're part fem . '' 
 i cup his face in my hand and feel the bristle of his five o'clock shadow . 
 something in the pit of my stomach yearns to have him right now over the serpentine floor of these haunted woods . 
 `` it 's not that simple , laken . 
 we ca n't just walk away . 
 edinger will never let me go . 
 this is done . 
 we 're counts . '' 
 it comes out loud , menacing as if he were shoving it down my throat . 
 `` our blood is strong , and it will remind us of our lineage every single day for the rest of our lives . '' 
 `` then we 'll side with celestra . 
 i do n't want any part of the wickedness that goes along with the counts , wes . 
 and you ca n't tell me you do , either . '' 
 there 's a panic swimming through my voice , stretching out far into the past all the way back to cider plains then spiraling out into the unknowable future . 
 `` side with celestra . '' 
 his entire body sags when he says it , and , in that moment i realize it 's an impossibility for him . 
 `` laken , we need to serve as counts . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shake him by the shirt . 
 `` why are you so f ** king devoted ? '' 
 wes grips me with goliath strength while the night slithers around his features like leeches . 
 `` because that 's who we really are , laken . 
 we belong to this . 
 you can run , but it will always be inside you . 
 you can never escape who you truly are . '' 
 there are some moments in life that define you , a birthday , a graduation , the day you realize the love of your life died a long time ago-that the day you buried him was truly the final goodbye . 
 my heart fractures like porcelain with too many shards floating between us , and we decide it 's best not to move . 
 i wish i could disappear-that i could somehow magically morph us back to cider plains , and that this would have been a nightmare . 
 our lives come back to me in snatches-our first kiss under the heady kansas sky . 
 wes handing me one poor boy bouquet after another , and me writing love poems to him over the back of each leaf . 
 those long , hazy days wes would sketch me by the river , the lake , the barn . 
 it goes on and on , and it 's only when i spot a lone tear running down his face do i realize he 's the one sponsoring the memories . 
 wes sweeps his lips over my cheeks , christening my nose , my eyelids , running that petal-soft mouth of his over every inch of my skin until he finds my lips . 
 we linger in that tragic kiss as if it were our first and last all rolled into one . 
 it 's our first kiss as something just this side of enemies , our last kiss as lovers who never quite got there . 
 wes tucks his heated hands under my dress , relaxing his fingers into my thighs as his kisses become more urgent . 
 it used to feel right kissing wes , and now it just feels like darkness where there once was a beautiful blue sky , light for miles that swam in my heart until we were drunk off our affection . 
 i pull back , burying my hands in his chest . 
 `` laken . '' 
 he presses a searing kiss just shy of my ear . 
 `` we can be strong together . 
 our children would be superior to any other being on this planet . 
 we can lead the countenance , and , when we do , we can right all the wrongs . '' 
 `` you mean free celestra ? '' 
 here it is , everything we are-who we could be hinges on this one answer . 
 his eyes flit to each of mine . 
 `` we need their blood . 
 they can never be trusted . '' 
 apparently neither can wes . 
 my heart sinks with all of gravity , crashing down to the core of the fiery earth-everything wes and i were burns right along with it . 
 his arms travel over my body , monstrously heavy as if this simple act were enough to claim me . 
 `` i 'm not interested in fighting celestra , '' i say . 
 especially when they 've done nothing wrong . 
 a dark laugh curls from his throat . 
 `` you 're either a lover or a fighter . '' 
 wes looks at me with those lawn green eyes , and my stomach melts on command . 
 he leans in close , and his breath rakes over my cheek . 
 wes wants me . 
 my body throbs just knowing this might be our final exchange-the last time i let his lips edge so close to mine . 
 `` i 'm caving , '' i whisper . 
 `` cave . '' 
 shit . 
 this is so not going to end well . 
 where the hell is coop ? 
 the thunder of a thousand spectators descend upon the forest , causing wes and i to pull apart . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 coop darts into the vicinity and eyes wesley 's arms locked around my waist like twin cobras . 
 i bolt toward him and fall into his embrace , safe . 
 coop feels like home . 
 he always has . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 coop cups my face with an urgency i 've never seen in him . 
 `` we need to get flynn to the transfer right now . 
 if ezrina can change him back-hell , if we can bring kara and richard here , we might be able to end this insanity tonight . '' 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 i turn back to wes . 
 `` help us . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 he straps his rifle over his chest and picks up the bag at his feet . 
 `` i 'm going to stop this insanity my way . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i lunge over and clasp onto his chest , tugging as if i were begging him to spare all of those innocent spectator lives because i am . 
 `` please . 
 let 's try this first . '' 
 his jaw tightens as he looks over my shoulder to coop . 
 and , for the first time , i see a level of hatred in his soul that i did n't think wesley was capable of . 
 i 've hurt him . 
 i think maybe , deep down i may have killed him . 
 wes plunges a kiss onto my lips and pulls back with his eyes fastened over mine , tight as a noose , and i ca n't help feeling like i 've just had the chair kicked out from beneath me . 
 `` laken '' - he threads his fingers through my hair and studies me with a remarkable sadness - `` come with me . '' 
 i glance over to coop who 's standing a good distance away with his back turned to the two of us-always protecting , always guarding . 
 he 's looking out for me even now . 
 even if i did choose to go with wes , i know for a fact coop would still be there looking out for my best interests . 
 the ways cooper cares for me are unchanging . 
 but i could never turn my back on the spectators-on celestra-and step into this realm of wickedness with wes . 
 it 's incomprehensible what he 's doing-unforgivable . 
 i break away from wesley 's stronghold , pulling his hands off my waist as i take a full step back . 
 `` i 'm not going with you . '' 
 the words flutter from my lips like bats in flight . 
 my entire body sighs with relief now that they 're gone . 
 wesley 's eyes fill with water for a moment as he blinks back tears . 
 `` this is the time in our lives where we need to decide who we are . '' 
 his chest fills with a breath as he repeats the very words jones spoke to us . 
 his hand comes to rest on my cheek again . 
 `` i will love you unconditionally , laken stewart . 
 one day-you 'll come back to me . 
 and when you do , you 'll find me still waiting . '' 
 he taps a gentle kiss over my lips . 
 `` my love burns bright for you . 
 always has-always will . '' 
 `` they 're here . '' 
 coop runs over and shoves the ruger in my hands for protection . 
 `` we need to go . '' 
 wes bears into me with those blazing green eyes , heavy with sadness . 
 `` i 'll hold them off . '' 
 he pulls a small silver grenade from his bag . 
 the stench of death encapsulates us , the silence disrupted by the sound of heavy groans . 
 arms and legs , bedraggled clothing spring to life all around us like an entire sea of grey vomit . 
 `` jen , jax , carter , and fletch have been bitten . '' 
 wes digs through his bag before adjusting the ridiculously huge assault weapon strapped to his chest . 
 `` i 'll move them to boulders for you . '' 
 `` bitten ? '' 
 i stagger back , and cooper pulls me in , stabilizing me in every way . 
 wes glares out at the spectators . 
 `` get her out of here , coop . '' 
 wes does n't look at me . 
 he simply walks deep into the crowd of long-dead celestra and counts , undeterred by their stench and desire to kill , completely unafraid . 
 i stand there , immovable as stone as i watch the boy i once loved fade into all of the nothingness that evil has to offer . 
 coop picks me up and runs us the hell out of there-through the thicket of spectators who snatch at our bodies , their limbs thumping over ours with an unnatural aggression . 
 cooper flies us through the lecherous crowd , seamless as a poltergeist . 
 we bullet all the way to the boulders , and find jen , jax , carter , and fletch next to flynn and hattie . 
 coop and i bind them in with our arms , and the world flashes into a brilliant white light as we fall straight down into the transfer . 
 richard and kara sit in the count emporium with its liquid coffins on display while playing a game of cards . 
 `` who 's winning ? '' 
 coop slaps his hand over richard 's back , and they rise to greet us . 
 jen and carter gag as they stare at one another in their newly petrified states-carter with her missing eye , jen with her teeth bucking dramatically as if she tried to chew her way out of lockdown . 
 jax flails around like a wild , bloodied beast . 
 but it 's fletch who has the rage of a thousand madmen in his eyes , his lips and jawline already eerily deformed . 
 he looks hungry , and judging by the weight of his stare-my brain will satisfy quite nicely . 
 ezrina hobbles over in her ragged cloak , her dowager 's hump much higher than her head . 
 `` too many . '' 
 she ratchets it out in an echo . 
 i do n't waste time getting right in her shredded face . 
 `` take your time-get it right . 
 we have a war on our hands in the event you did n't notice . '' 
 i shoot a look to richard and kara who stand before us in perfect health . 
 `` you did it before . 
 please , i beg of you . 
 do it again . '' 
 she takes in a breath , and her body rises and falls as if it were an ill-fitting costume . 
 `` it will take time . '' 
 `` how about the rest ? '' 
 coop 's eyes widen at the prospect of helping the spectators , and it endears him to me even more . 
 my heart has already melted over his . 
 i knew it deep down that first day in the woods that coop was special , and now i know why . 
 it was cooper who i was truly meant to be with all along . 
 `` leave them . '' 
 ezrina pushes jen 's paper-white locks away from her face , and my sister flinches with fear . 
 i touch my hand over jen 's . 
 `` i promise you , ezrina will fix this . '' 
 i turn to the old hag , pleading . 
 `` you had better . '' 
 coop and i take richard and kara and head back to that horrible place ephemeral has become-the ugly monstrous place it 's always been . 
 a cloying darkness blinks around us . 
 we find ourselves at the boulders once again , only this time two sickly girls wait for us , their scalps balding in patches , their skin emaciated to the bone , their eyes dark and sunken . 
 kara lets out a cry and clasps her tiny hands over my waist , her face buried deep in my chest . 
 `` kara ? '' 
 hattie steps forward . 
 `` you are scaring them ! '' 
 i snipe . 
 hattie and amelia morph into the beauty queen versions of themselves . 
 their thick , gold locks cuff neatly under their faces . 
 their heavy wool skirts flounce around as they come in close . 
 `` richard ! 
 kara ! '' 
 amelia cries out . 
 coop and i exchange looks . 
 those are the first words we have ever heard from amelia , and i 'm betting now that her family is back , they wo n't be the last . 
 `` you did well . '' 
 hattie 's eyes sharpen over the two of us . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` end this nightmare , '' coop is quick with the response . 
 he molds his arms around me , and i can feel his warmth encapsulating me like a sheath . 
 `` take richard and kara to whoever the hell is in charge of this shit parade , and let them know ezrina has found the antidote . 
 it will be slow going-and we can cure them all . 
 but this war , this destruction needs to end tonight . '' 
 hattie takes in a breath . 
 her chest expands with what i 'm hoping is relief . 
 `` done . '' 
 she nods to her brother and sisters . 
 `` and then come back . '' 
 coop 's arms tighten around me . 
 `` laken and i are ready to get our families . '' 
 my throat constricts . 
 it 's almost too good to be true . 
 hattie had promised us passage in and out of those nefarious tunnels in exchange for richard and kara . 
 and here we are at the gates of hell , chomping at the bit to be let in . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't do that . '' 
 her lids fall low over her eyes . 
 her lips twitch at the corners . 
 `` another is to take you . '' 
 `` edinger . '' 
 coop nods . 
 his heart kicks over my back like a welcome massage . 
 `` edinger is right . '' 
 she winks over at amelia , and now i wonder if we 're being played . 
 richard steps forward and takes up my hands . 
 the dull light of the moon falls over him , and he looks handsome in his own right , so healthy and alive the spectators wo n't be able to argue with his physical appearance . 
 `` thank you , laken-coop . 
 on behalf of my sister and myself , we plan on helping you far into the future with whatever you may need . '' 
 kara runs up and offers a spirited embrace to both coop and me . 
 `` i have a little sister i 'd love for you to meet , '' i whisper in her hair . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 coop gives her a gentle pat on the back . 
 hattie plucks her away , and they take off into the night . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 i twist into cooper and sigh . 
 `` mostly . '' 
 he plants a kiss over my head . 
 we make our way to the inside of the boulders and sit beneath the mountain of granite as the moon streams across the sky like a satellite . 
 `` soon the sun will come up . '' 
 coop looks despondent by the idea . 
 `` we 're another day closer to getting our families . '' 
 i slip into his lap , wrapping my arms around his body , my head safe on his chest . 
 `` can i ask what happened with wes ? '' 
 his heart gives a wild kick to my chest like a horse ready to burst through the gate . 
 i pull back and take him in , sweet , gorgeous coop . 
 here we are at an intersection i wondered if we would ever arrive at . 
 `` i ended things with him tonight . '' 
 i glance down as my body sags into his . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 he straightens as if he were n't sure he heard me right . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i touch my finger to his strong iron-like jaw . 
 `` he 's one of them , and i want nothing to do with the enemy , coop . 
 not now , not ever . 
 wesley ca n't see how wicked the counts are . '' 
 i shake my head , blinded by a sudden rage . 
 `` he 's too far gone . 
 the wesley i loved is the one i buried in cider plains . 
 it 's true . 
 he 's not the person i thought he was . '' 
 a tear comes without me noticing until cooper wipes it away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , laken . '' 
 he rubs his cheek over mine , and i enliven with the coarse feel of his stubble . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 i swallow back the grief . 
 `` i think this is how it was meant to be . '' 
 a shy smile twitches on my lips . 
 `` me with you . 
 i can see a future for us , coop . 
 that 's something i can never see with wes . 
 can you see a future with me , too ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 his eyes widen . 
 `` hell , yes . '' 
 `` i want to have that with you . '' 
 my voice trembles . 
 `` i love you , cooper flanders . '' 
 his chest huffs with relief . 
 his lips pull back in an easy smile . 
 cooper flanders is gorgeous , humble , and righteous , and he 's all mine . 
 he 's everything i could ever ask for . 
 i 'm the luckiest girl in the world . 
 `` thank you for that . '' 
 he presses a kiss into my palm , and it 's only then i realize he heard me . 
 `` i love you , too , laken . 
 you saved me . '' 
 `` how did i save you ? '' 
 coop is the one who traditionally does the saving around here . 
 `` i had until dawn to hear those words , and , if not , it was the tunnels for me '' - his lids hang heavy - `` forever . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i spike up , and he pulls me back until i 'm relaxing over him again . 
 `` it 's a story for another time . 
 suffice it to say , i 've got a supervising spirit for life now . 
 but i do n't want to talk about edinger . '' 
 i shake my head , my lips press together in horror . 
 coop held this tight to the vest while his entire world hung in the balance-marky , his father . 
 he risked everything for my happiness . 
 he comes in close with those lips i 've dreamed about diving into for so long . 
 close . 
 so close . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you now . '' 
 his heated breath rakes over my mouth . 
 `` god , i hope so . '' 
 it swims from me like a dream . 
 a wild howl goes out over the landscape , harsh and harrowing , unmistakably belonging to a spectator . 
 `` is that what i think it is ? '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure . '' 
 he pauses as the moan drones through the woods , over the boulders and bleeds into all of trinity county . 
 `` i think it 's over , laken . 
 they want to live . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 the spectators drift like shadows back into the forest . 
 we watch an entire army of them stagger deep into the murky woods as they journey toward their long-awaited reprieve . 
 i glance up at coop . 
 we did it . 
 the spectators will live , and soon we 'll have our families . 
 coop leans in an inch , and i do the same . 
 `` this is happening , '' he whispers . 
 `` damn right it is . '' 
 i cover his lips with mine and dissolve under the duress of his achingly sweet affection . 
 every part of me wants to break-to exhale-to give in to the release of this incredible tension . 
 now that we 've started , i wo n't be able to stop . 
 i should put it off-tell him we 'd better wait , that this is n't the time or the place-but i do n't . 
 i want everything with coop , the sooner the better . 
 coop presses in with a smooth pass of his lips before sealing over my mouth and slipping his tongue inside . 
 my body melts to liquid . 
 i can feel the stars breaking through the thicket of clouds just to peer down at the miracle taking place-coop and i together at last . 
 i push in hard and anxious , a moan locking off in my throat . 
 coop takes free roam of my mouth , and i let him . 
 it feels intimate and right as if our mouths belonged in this very place all along . 
 we part ways , dizzy with silly smiles on our faces . 
 my heart feels light like a balloon that 's trying to float from my chest . 
 `` just what the doctor ordered . '' 
 i peck another quick kiss just shy of his lips . 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 he pulls me in and rubs his rough stubble over the side of my face . 
 `` i could have sworn the doctor prescribed this . '' 
 he dives back over my lips with an unrivaled passion . 
 coop and i sit in the shadow of sleepy hollow , showering one another with our lingual affection until well after dawn . 
 we saved each other with our love . 
 this is only the beginning . 
 cooper in the morning a thin seam of sunlight slips through my lids , and i bury my face in laken 's hair , trying to stretch out sleep for another twenty minutes . 
 `` out and about so early ? '' 
 a disembodied voice calls from the ground clouds that have settled in the area . 
 we sit up at the same time to find edinger smiling down at us with that nefarious shit-eating grin he wears like a mask . 
 `` i must admit '' - his lips curve up one side - `` it 's a pleasure to see you both here . 
 so young and in love . '' 
 his smile fades . 
 `` a rather timely coincidence for you , mr. flanders , but , nevertheless , it was i who was rooting for you the entire time , unlike your father . '' 
 he spears his coal black eyes into laken as i help her to her feet . 
 `` i do n't have a father . '' 
 she wraps her arms around my waist and glares at him . 
 `` you most certainly do . '' 
 a voice comes from behind as jones steps in from the fog . 
 `` what ? '' 
 laken 's voice shakes , good and pissed . 
 and judging by the hurt look on jones 's face , it was n't the response he was hoping for . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 he comes in close taking up her hands , and she lets him . 
 `` i wanted you here with me . 
 i had fletcher and jenevieve , and i wanted you , too . 
 you made wesley happy , and when i saw how much you missed him , i knew what i needed to do . '' 
 she drops his hands like a dead fish . 
 `` you killed me . 
 you killed all of us . 
 and what was with those pictures ? '' 
 `` i thought they would convict you . 
 i thought once you saw how much you might be hurting wesley , you would relent . '' 
 `` you were hurting me . 
 you wanted me to believe all of your lies , but i could n't . 
 you know why ? 
 because a celestra tried to save my life with the kindness in her heart . 
 it did n't matter to her that i was a count . 
 she saw me as a person , as someone who deserved to live happy and free-something you will never understand . 
 and because of skyla , i remembered everything . '' 
 `` i just wanted you to be happy , laken . 
 if it 's cooper , who you want to be with then i support that . '' 
 his face melts into agony as laken softens into me . 
 `` thank you , if that 's how you really feel . 
 i 'm in love with cooper , and i always will be . 
 i will never be a count . 
 it may be in my blood , but that 's where it begins and ends . '' 
 his features sag at her proclamation . 
 `` then i accept you that way . '' 
 there 's a lengthy pause . 
 laken stiffens . 
 `` is claire anderson my mother ? '' 
 `` she 's my sister , your aunt . '' 
 a quivering breath of relief fills her . 
 `` so suzanne ? '' 
 `` is your mother , '' he assures . 
 she twists into me and latches on for dear life . 
 `` that means lacey is my sister . '' 
 laken turns back around . 
 `` do i have celestra in me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his pale eyes fall over her . 
 `` that 's why i took the three of you . 
 you 're counts-you belong to me . '' 
 `` what about the other jen ? 
 the one i grew up with ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` when i left , i took one twin-your mother kept the other . 
 they 're fraternal , one is a count the other is not . '' 
 `` but you kept coming back . '' 
 `` the relationship your mother and i share is complicated to say the least . 
 it was easier for us to be away from one another . '' 
 `` and you could n't care less about lacey and mom-send them to hell , no big deal . 
 your own family is suffering in the tunnels , and you do n't even give a shit . '' 
 the muscles in his jaw tighten . 
 `` that 's not how it went . 
 once you were gone , the protective hedge was lifted from their lives . 
 they were taken without my permission . '' 
 laken shakes her head . 
 `` i think i 'm through with this conversation . '' 
 she looks to edinger . 
 `` take me to my family . 
 i beg of you . 
 it 's time to free them . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i wo n't be taking anybody to the tunnels today . '' 
 edinger takes a step to the side . 
 a shadow emerges as wes comes up the path . 
 `` i will . '' 
 wesley coop holds laken by the waist , and my brain fries just looking at them . 
 fuck . 
 i thought this would be doable , that i might live through this without adding another trauma to my soul , but it 's doubtful i 'll come out of this unscathed . 
 it 's bad enough knowing laken walked out of my life but to leave me for flanders-for a celestra-it 's the twisting knife in my gut . 
 laken runs her tired gaze over mine . 
 `` wes , i need my family back , so does coop . '' 
 `` and casper . '' 
 coop adds , but i do n't take my eyes off laken . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 a black fog lifts us from one plane to the next as the tenebrous woods materialize around us . 
 it 's just laken , coop , and me , and , for a moment , i toy with the idea of killing him , locking laken up where she could be mine forever but resist the urge . 
 `` this way . '' 
 i lead them down the dusty path as the lavender moon glows up above like a pale stone . 
 the woods are thick and knifelike , but the dusty path is backlit by a blue fog , the breath of the countenance soldiers who have died . 
 i wish i could reveal all of these mysteries to laken-to make her see how special she is , how great we would both become one day , but her heart is too occluded . 
 maybe once her family is free , after some time , she 'll come back to me . 
 it 's the only hope i have to cling to , and to give up now would be to fall on the sword of the horrible truth . 
 not one part of me believes she 'll ever be happy with coop . 
 it 's just not possible . 
 the charred tree trunks of tenebrous thicken as i lead us down a narrow pathway . 
 i know for a fact casper is up ahead . 
 demetri brought me down here earlier and showed me where the rest of them are . 
 i turn back to find the two of them trailing , their hands interlocked . 
 `` laken '' - my muscles tense because i wonder if this is the last time she 'll ever let me get near her - `` can i talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 she and coop exchange a quick look , and it 's all i can do to keep from pummeling him . 
 not only do i hate coop-i hate the idea of coop with laken-touching laken . 
 he 's just another celestra trying to dethrone the counts wherever he can , and , in this case , he 's starting with killing my heart . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she follows me over to the other side of the trail . 
 `` laken . '' 
 i touch my finger to her face and she does n't recoil , that alone is worth the trip . 
 `` my love for you has n't changed . 
 it 's immovable as stone . '' 
 she opens her mouth , and i land my finger over her soft lips . 
 a hellish sadness settles in my stomach . 
 `` you do n't need to say anything . 
 i want you to know i understand . 
 i wish i could be like you , but i ca n't deny who i am . 
 know this , i will always protect you-always love you . 
 my arms and heart will welcome you the day you decide to walk back into my life . '' 
 `` it will never happen . '' 
 she pulls my hand away from her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , wes . 
 i just do n't want you lost in some twisted delusion . 
 please , do n't bother pining for me . 
 the wesley i loved died a long time ago . '' 
 but the tears in her eyes tell me another story . 
 `` i had a vision . '' 
 `` do n't believe it . '' 
 anger coats her from the inside out . 
 she wo n't hear of the fact that we reconcile someday . 
 that all of this is for not , and she stands by my side as it was meant to be from the beginning . 
 `` your father is the king of lies , wesley . '' 
 she shakes her head , sorry for me . 
 `` when you pull through this , and i hope you will . 
 i 'll welcome you back into my life-as a friend . '' 
 our eyes lock . 
 laken 's lust filters through the air , her own deception circles around her head like a crown of thorns . 
 this is nothing more than a pep talk she 's giving herself . 
 my father did n't give me the vision . 
 it was gifted to me from the justice alliance last night when i toyed with the idea of taking cooper to court . 
 it was the bread of peace offered to me as a means to appease my broken heart . 
 laken will be by my side again one day . 
 she just does n't know it . 
 the justice alliance always speaks the truth , and there is no bigger solace than this . 
 i bear into her with everything i am . 
 `` i will always love you . '' 
 `` and i will always love who you were . '' 
 my heart stills , this twisted world born of darkness spins . 
 it had finally happened . 
 laken was leaving me . 
 we head back to coop and continue further until we come upon the cage of bones casper is holed up in . 
 i kick in the makeshift shelter , and she bolts to laken and cooper before coming over and embracing me as well . 
 `` i 'm really free ? '' 
 tears spring from her eyes . 
 `` you 're really free . '' 
 i pat her back . 
 `` now , let 's get the others . '' 
 `` so what 'd i miss ? '' 
 her blonde hair is almost down to her shoulders . 
 she 's thinner but one hundred percent casper masterson . 
 `` is flynn still a moron ? 
 are grayson and kresley still the power bitches i always knew they could be ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 laken slings her arm over casper 's shoulder . 
 we take a turn at the end of the road into the tower , and i let them in and listen as they marvel at the nefarious beauty of the facility . 
 the tower is an architectural wonder with an extravagance unsurpassed by anything on earth . 
 we follow the black-and-white checkered hall down to the end until we find the three of them there in a holding area usually reserved for those waiting to do time in the woods . 
 `` laken ! '' 
 little lacey cries out . 
 her cheeks are sunk with pallor , her hair darker than i remember . 
 she wraps her arms around her sister and does n't let go . 
 her mother comes in and collapses over the two of them , and every memory i 've ever shared with laken 's family comes back to me . 
 `` cooper ? '' 
 a tall , blonde woman with reflective grey eyes hops up and latches onto coop . 
 i sniff back my emotions as she sobs over her son . 
 `` god , i 've missed you . 
 i missed you and marky so much . 
 i died every day without you . '' 
 laken looks back , her eyes lock onto mine . 
 `` thank you , '' she mouths . 
 `` i love you , '' i mouth back . 
 she gives a slow nod . 
 `` i know . '' 
 her eyes close , and i can feel her love for me radiating , wrapping around me like an ethereal glove . 
 but laken does n't say the words-and my heart breaks . 
 the room begins to jolt and spin as i transport them all to the flanders residence . 
 i pull back and evaporate to nothing , letting them have their reunion . 
 i want them to enjoy all the peace and harmony this moment can afford . 
 my day will come with laken . 
 and when it does , it will feel just as good . 
 `` i love you , laken stewart . 
 i believe everything you 've ever told me as if it were coming straight from the mouth of god . '' 
 but it 's too late for that . 
 a lone tear falls from my eye , and no one is here to see it . 
 no one is here to care . 
 i 've lost the only thing that 's ever mattered to me . 
 for now . 
 12 epilogue laken almost two years later the sun crests over the horizon , rousing me from an indecent night 's sleep . 
 cooper 's roommate has forfeited the room for the next few weeks to help get his girlfriend settled , so i 've taken advantage of the situation . 
 coop moans into me , burying a kiss in my neck . 
 `` you 're awake . '' 
 `` could you blame me ? 
 i wanted to take in the view . '' 
 my fingers rake down his perfectly chiseled chest , and i purr without meaning to . 
 that day comes back to me in flashes , like it always does in the morning as if ephemeral were fighting for a place in my life , as if its singular goal is to keep holding me back by way of those twisted memories . 
 we had a fantastic reunion with our families after we left the tunnels . 
 lacey and marky have been inseparable ever since . 
 as luck would have it , the house next door to the flanders went on the market , and i convinced my `` father '' to purchase it for me as a miniscule means of restitution . 
 mom , lacey , and i moved in right away . 
 jen and fletch had a hard time wrapping their heads around the truth , but jones pulled through and made sure to come clean , shaking out his dirty laundry for everyone to see . 
 my other sister was still happily clueless out on her semester at sea . 
 the news of my death had never even reached her . 
 when she flew home for christmas , it was a strange sort of reunion but one that was worth the wait . 
 ephemeral-jen could hardly believe she had a twin but was quick to indoctrinate her in all things pure and right as far as `` boys '' are concerned . 
 old jen just laughed it off . 
 she always was easy going . 
 as for coop and me , we enrolled in the local public school in heaven and finished out our junior and senior years . 
 our relationship hit a whole new physical level , right around prom , and we 've never looked back . 
 a rainy day , a motel room , and a fake class field trip that spanned a three-day weekend were involved . 
 we were all tongues and teeth , the pulling and tugging of limbs , his heated skin raking over mine . 
 it was magical . 
 cooper has a way of making me feel new things , of taking life to new heights without even trying . 
 and now , here we are at host university , the only college out of dozens that accepted us both . 
 i wondered if it was some cosmic coincidence that it was located right next to paragon , right next to where skyla lives and now edinger . 
 but i 'm far too jaded to believe in coincidences and wishes anymore . 
 this is by design , and if i had to , i could guess whose hand was behind this . 
 `` so you think it 'll be weird ? '' 
 coop gives my ribs a tickle before pulling me in close , his iron hot skin hard under mine . 
 `` having them so close ? '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 it 's beyond weird , but lacey and marky are in love with the idea . '' 
 the girls were heartbroken that coop and i were moving clear across the country , so the flanders and mom decided to make the move with us-although , they 'll be staying on paragon . 
 he pulls his cheek back as if considering the idea-and , dear god , cooper flanders is the most gorgeous man alive . 
 `` you know it drives me insane when you get all contemplative . '' 
 i track kisses up his neck , straight to his lips . 
 dr. flanders is partnering with another psychiatrist by the name of dr. booth . 
 mom has already acclimated to paragon and has found a fulltime job at the island 's biggest daycare center . 
 but that has n't stopped her from dreaming of opening an art gallery . 
 if the celestra tunnels did one good thing , they dried her out . 
 she has n't hit the bottle once since she 's been back , and i hope it stays that way forever . 
 marky and lacey are getting ready to start junior high , then , before we know it , they 'll be freshmen in high school . 
 i shake my head as i reflect back on my freshman year . 
 that 's the last year i spent with wes , my wes , not the ephemeral version he morphed into toward the end . 
 i have n't seen him since that final day in the tunnels . 
 after the spectators retreated , ephemeral began to repair itself almost overnight . 
 edinger and ms. paxton managed to fool the student body into believing it was a master prank by the school 's crosstown rival , rycroft . 
 the academy was restored to all of its wicked glory within a week . 
 but i never saw it-it was all relayed to me by jen and fletch . 
 jax easton finally had the right amount of fear instilled in her so as not to mess with jen . 
 carter is back to her perky self-albeit with a glass eye , and hattie and flynn still ca n't keep their hands off each other . 
 they were one of the first resurrected . 
 ezrina pushed them out in batches until every last one of the spectators was resettled as perfect living beings . 
 as for wes , in truth , i do n't know where he is , but i 've always had a sense for when he was near , and as soon as i stepped off that ferry last week , i felt him here , his presence as real as mine or cooper 's . 
 i suppose it wo n't be long before he makes himself known . 
 i can feel him hovering wherever i go like a ghost . 
 i still do n't know what i 'll say to him when i do see him , if anything . 
 just thinking about him breaks my heart , and i wish it did n't . 
 i wish i hated him as much as i hate what he stands for , but that sweet boy from kansas crops up in my mind and begs me not to . 
 a guttural moan drums through coop 's chest . 
 `` i think after all we went through-i like the idea of family being nearby . 
 you know what else i love ? '' 
 he kisses the tip of my index finger , and an electrical impulse tracks all the way down from his mouth to the most intimate part of me . 
 `` you . '' 
 a smile flirts with his lips . 
 `` you 're my family , laken . 
 and as soon as we 're ready , i think we should make it official . '' 
 `` well , then . '' 
 i bite my lip with excitement . 
 `` i guess i 'll wait for the proposal . '' 
 a silent laugh thumps through his chest as he pulls me on top of him . 
 `` be ready . 
 it might come sooner than you think . '' 
 `` i 'll be mrs. flanders . 
 mmm-i like the sound of that . '' 
 my lips find his , and we engage in a kiss that spans straight into the future . 
 i love you , i tell him . 
 forever , cooper , i 'm yours . 
 thank you for saving me . 
 `` forever . '' 
 coop pulls back . 
 his eyes bear into mine . 
 `` i think we saved each other . 
 i think this was our destiny all along . '' 
 we crash into another kiss . 
 this time we do n't stop . 
 we shower our love over one another in every way that our flesh demands . 
 no matter what the future holds , i know that with coop by my side i can handle it all . 
 this is love . 
 coop is right-this was our destiny all along . 
 somewhere in the distance , a howl goes off and seeps in through the window-a primal cry neither human nor animal . 
 it was as if a demonic being were protesting everything we stand for . 
 coop and i know the counts are still out there , monitoring us , watching , waiting . 
 we unearthed one of their darkest secrets , and , for that , we 'll most likely pay a price . 
 it 's not a matter of if , it 's a matter of when . 
 the good war had come and gone , the one between celestra and the countenance . 
 but another war is on the horizon . 
 this one would be brother against brother-the civil war of my people . 
 those are always the bloodiest . 
 the counts , and all their wickedness , need to be stopped . 
 and now the math is simple . 
 who would stop whom first ? 
