 prologue gage the day before summer storm . 
 the house lights flicker as i make my way downstairs where i find logan , leaning against the fridge , downing milk straight from the carton . 
 `` morning . '' 
 i gravel it out . 
 the window above the sink quivers as it takes a beating from the driving rain . 
 a bolt of lightning crackles through the sky , spraying its tendrils out across paragon in one terrifying fit of glory . 
 i glance back at logan with his blonde hair slicked back , his sleepy smile . 
 `` i dreamed about your ugly ass last night . '' 
 `` did you get hard-on ? 
 because if you did , i 'll have to knife your balls off . '' 
 `` it was a vision . '' 
 i stamp it out and watch as his eyes widen . 
 his demeanor grows all too serious on a dime . 
 `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 gone is the sarcastic bastard i know and love , replaced with a vulnerable boy locked in a trancelike state , waiting on pins and needles to see if there 's good news on the horizon . 
 i have n't shared a vision in ages , especially not one that concerns logan . 
 it 's no wonder the idea sobered him up . 
 `` it was more informative than visual . '' 
 i try to sound casual while popping a slice of bread into the toaster . 
 the truth is , there was something about that prophecy that felt more like a night terror . 
 it jarred me . 
 `` it was dark . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i saw you and the shadow of this girl . '' 
 i glance over at him as his eyebrows twitch with curiosity . 
 `` she was celestra , like you . '' 
 it would be a miracle to meet another celestra , let alone an estrogen carrying card member . 
 the last celestra we knew of the female persuasion was chloe , and that ended with logan 's heart slashed and hung from a tree . 
 unfortunately , not long after that , and for far more mysterious reasons , chloe ended up dead in a ditch . 
 he steps in close with his chest pumping like he 's just run a marathon . 
 `` was she hot ? '' 
 logan does n't take those dark saffron eyes off me . 
 the hint of a smile plays on my face , but i refuse to give it . 
 `` from what i could see , i think she was hot . 
 again , it was dark . 
 but apparently you two have some kind of future together according to the last tidbit of information that was revealed . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 logan does n't blink or breathe because he knows this could damn well mean life or death . 
 most celestra are killed before they can procreate , and for good reason-they hold too much value in the nephilim world . 
 `` you 're going to live . '' 
 i say it low as if it were n't good news at all . 
 `` both you and she will live to a ripe old age . '' 
 i press out a congratulatory smile . 
 logan does n't move a muscle , just continues his stony gaze , trying to drink it all down . 
 `` is she going to love me ? '' 
 the whites of his eyes ignite in an explosion of crimson . 
 his heavyhearted reaction startles me . 
 logan has no shortage of girls who `` love '' him , but i know where he 's going with this . 
 i 've dreamed for years of the girl i 'm meant to be with . 
 i 've mentioned her on one too many occasions , and he 's busted my balls enough about it . 
 but now it 's his turn , and he wants the clues to his future-to this mysterious celestra that 's most likely going to age right alongside him . 
 `` i 'd bet money that 's the plan . '' 
 i nod into him and unleash a satisfied smile . 
 he lets out a breath that sails past me like a hurricane . 
 `` did you dream about your girl last night ? '' 
 he slaps me on the shoulder , relieved from his reaper reprieve . 
 `` nope . 
 not in a while . '' 
 and oddly , i miss this girl i 've yet to meet . 
 she haunts my dreams , my waking hours , and i long to know her once and for all in the flesh . 
 he broadens his chest while looking out at the blurred world beyond the window . 
 `` a ripe old age , huh ? 
 and a girl ? '' 
 he shakes his head as if he just won the lottery and , in a way , he has . 
 `` dude , i 'm giving you the whole f ** king day off . '' 
 `` nah , i need the hours . '' 
 i head to the fridge and pull out a soda . 
 logan taps the top of the doorframe with his rocketing elation as he heads out of the kitchen . 
 `` hey , gage ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` would n't it be funny if your dream girl and mine were one in the same ? '' 
 a dull laugh rattles through my chest . 
 `` you 'd have a war on your hands like you would n't believe . '' 
 i raise my drink toward him . 
 `` you 'd be going down , buddy . '' 
 logan barks out a laugh as he snaps his keys off the table . 
 `` i always win , gage . '' 
 he opens the front door , and a gust of wind blows my father 's periodicals right off the table . 
 `` see you at the bowling alley . '' 
 i always win . 
 i stifle a laugh . 
 not if my dream girl were on the line . 
 he would n't win then-that 's a promise . 
 1 logan pleased to meet you gage strides into the bowling alley right on time , even though i told him he did n't have to show . 
 i glance over at the old , dilapidated kitchen where the floor is splitting in three places just shy of the walk-in fridge . 
 this place is due for an overhaul . 
 the bowling alley is the one last relic that remains of my parents , but in the end , it 's a mixed blessing to have it . 
 outside the window , the puddles in the parking lot are starting to dry up . 
 it rained three days straight-then , like some kind of miracle , it finally let off . 
 i toss the coins into the register , steady as a metallic waterfall . 
 pennies . 
 that 's all i 'll have to show for this place if business does n't pick up . 
 a chattering whirlwind bursts through the entry . 
 i glance up to find brielle buzzing her way over . 
 looks like she 's brought company , so i guess i 'm supplying free shoes , ten rounds , and probably a well-catered lunch , all on my dime . 
 brielle has a running tab six years in the making . 
 in addition to that , i pay her to hang out and talk on the phone . 
 i do n't mind , though . 
 i 've known bree since preschool . 
 i 'd trust her with every dollar i 've got , which is n't many . 
 not to mention , at this point , i 'd pay half the town to patronize this place if i could , just so it does n't feel like the ghost town it is half the time . 
 my eyes shift over to the girl chatting with brielle . 
 long blonde hair , a banging body-perfect face-eyes as bright as diamonds . 
 a hot bite of perspiration cuts through me . 
 holy shit . 
 i 've been around plenty of girls , and not one of them has ever made me sweat . 
 but this one-she 's got me shaking before we ever exchange hellos . 
 the girl with the crystal eyes spears me with a look that says , i eat scum like you for breakfast . 
 not that i 'd stop her . 
 hell-i 'd encourage it . 
 my lips curve at the thought of her teeth digging into me . 
 just the idea of those mouthwatering lips melting over my skin like sugar sets off an entire litany of x-rated thoughts , far too fantastic for this early in the afternoon . 
 brielle leads her toward a table , and i intersect before they take a seat . 
 `` bree . '' 
 i grin over at the girl standing by her side . 
 brielle rolls her eyes . 
 she knows damn well it 's not her attention i 'm after . 
 gage pops up next to me , expanding his chest like a gorilla in heat . 
 i can tell he 's interested , but he 'd better back off . 
 prepubescent boys need not apply . 
 this one 's all mine . 
 `` guys , this is skyla . '' 
 brielle ticks into the girl with a shy smile . 
 `` she 's moving into chloe 's old house . 
 skyla , these are the knuckleheads i work with , logan and gage . '' 
 she waves her hands over gage and me as if she were gifting us to her-another thing i would n't mind , with the exception of gage . 
 then again , the way he bats off girls waiting for `` the one '' to show up makes me wonder if he 's switched teams . 
 brielle laughs . 
 she might very well be going on about something , but all i hear is the equivalent of a power mower . 
 i 'm too damn busy enjoying the skyla view . 
 i 've never seen lips that full . 
 the small dimple hedging in her cheek has me ticking to life in my boxers . 
 `` skyla ? '' 
 gage takes up her hand and pants into her like a puppy . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think he was trying to entrance her with his soot-covered hair , those electric blue eyes . 
 crap . 
 `` gage oliver . '' 
 he leans in , never dipping his gaze to her cle ** age like a good little boy scout . 
 he 's got self-control , i 'll give him that . 
 skyla-i want to say it-feel it on my tongue . 
 i 'm half afraid i 'll shout it out in an uncalled-for fit of delirium . 
 someone like skyla has the power to make my voice break like a twelve-year-old . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'd let her break me anytime she wanted in much more creative ways than that . 
 the nightly possibilities i 'm going to have with this one are staggering . 
 i think i 've just met the star of all my best future wet dreams , live and in-person . 
 but for now , it 's time to stomp gage and his affections out like an unwanted kitchen fire . 
 `` you have a very unique name . 
 it 's beautiful , '' i say , carefully plucking gage off and replacing his death grip with mine . 
 reading her thoughts is just a pleasant celestra side effect of holding her hand . 
 besides , it 's painfully obvious to everyone in the room that gage is all worked up over our new friend here . 
 i 'll have to push him into the pool later to cool him off-maybe hold him under a few extra seconds until all thoughts of hitting on my future girlfriend fully dissipate . 
 she digs a half-smile into her cheek , and my stomach twists like a tangle of bungee cords . 
 i bring her hand to my lips , press her warm flesh to my mouth , and linger in a moment of sexual euphoria like i 've never experienced before . 
 `` logan oliver . '' 
 i over-annunciate to let both her and gage know i 'm the only oliver she needs to direct her interests toward . 
 `` oh , so you 're brothers ? '' 
 she bites the inside of her lip and pivots , looking cute as hell in the process . 
 skyla manages to look smolderingly sexy and adorable all in a single bound . 
 they look nothing alike , she thinks to herself while inspecting the two of us . 
 or maybe they 're stepbrothers ? 
 mothers marrying morons is on the rise . 
 i give a private smile . 
 i take it she does n't like the moron her mother married . 
 skyla turns into me with a look that renders me shaking like a virgin on prom night , and i swallow hard . 
 `` cousins . '' 
 i nod over toward gage . 
 `` i live with them . '' 
 i lay my other hand over hers in the event she 's willing to divulge a full evaluation of the two of us . 
 `` my parents are both deceased . '' 
 shit . 
 did i just go there ? 
 i 'm pretty sure there 's no quicker way to kill a conversation than dragging in your dead relatives . 
 skyla 's cheeks flare up like a pair of ripe plums . 
 perfect . 
 she 'll be bolting for the exit in less than five . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . '' 
 she steps in with her eyes hooded low , the affect melting from her face . 
 `` my dad died , too . '' 
 fuck . 
 i place her hand gently by her side and take her in with this newfound sadness exuding from her-from both of us . 
 she 's not just a body , not just a beautiful face-she 's a person who loved someone and lost them , just like i did . 
 my heart breaks for her . 
 there 's no greater pain than losing a parent . 
 i want to let her know i 'm here for her , that i 'd gladly shield her from this horrible world . 
 maybe i can help her heal-maybe she can help heal me . 
 i do n't remember my parents , but there 's a hole in my heart they left behind and innately i know the world spins a little different because they 're no longer in it . 
 `` sorry , '' i whisper , absorbing her with wonder before she decides to bolt for safety . 
 i want to memorize her , etch her into my grey matter and save her for later . 
 it takes all of my self-control not to wrap my arms around her and console her the way i want to . 
 i took a perfectly good moment and ruined it . 
 i 'll be the downer she does her best to avoid . 
 ca n't run a business , ca n't get the girl . 
 i 'm on a real f ** king streak . 
 i walk us over to a table with gage plodding alongside us like an unwanted five-year-old . 
 i 'll have to manufacture a task for him if i catch him showing another ounce of interest . 
 the last thing gage and i need is to be competing for the same girl . 
 gage swipes the seat across from skyla and leans in-turns on those baby blues in an effort to jockey for her attention . 
 guess gage just put himself in the game , which is completely fine because everybody needs to learn to deal with a broken heart at some point in the their lives . 
 too bad it 's with skyla . 
 once we 're together , there 's going to be weirdness between gage and me . 
 i offer a complacent smile in his direction , encouraging him to go on with his suicide plunge . 
 `` so you 're a junior ? '' 
 he knocks on the table like he 's demanding an answer . 
 i 'll have to give him a few pointers later on how to get the girl-all bad and fruitless , of course-like write her a poem . 
 nothing says stalker like poetry . 
 `` yup . '' 
 she bites down on those perfect lips , and my insides explode . 
 `` and you guys ? '' 
 `` we 're all juniors ! '' 
 brielle shakes her as if we 've won the scholastic lottery . 
 i swear that girl is on some wild shit half the time . 
 nobody walks around that psyched up to be alive twenty-four seven . 
 skyla looks over at bree like she 's lost it . 
 she glares into her with an unnatural curiosity as if she were reading her mind . 
 `` so tell me about chloe . '' 
 skyla takes us all in . 
 it comes out interrogating - surprises the hell out me , and for a minute , i wonder if she 's the second coming . 
 although , in this altered state , i think i could almost forgive chloe of all her trespasses . 
 a surge of anger courses through me . 
 just the thought of chloe bishop makes my blood boil . 
 that was the first and last time i 'll ever be used by anybody . 
 i glance back over at skyla . 
 although , i 'd make an exception for her if i had to . 
 i 'd break every rule in the book for her . 
 gage the frozen night air hits me with a blast as i exit the bowling alley . 
 i drag myself through the dark parking lot after a long day working with my `` boss , '' whose head is swollen to the size of a watermelon from the special attention he scored from brielle 's new friend , skyla-my skyla . 
 the girl from my dreams is here , and i 've already managed to give logan all the leeway he needs to have her for himself . 
 although , that 's not what i remember from the visions . 
 it looks like the powers-that-be left out one seemingly important detail-she would n't be interested in me . 
 i 'm hoping brielle will bring her around again so i can get to know her better . 
 a pair of headlights barrel in my direction , and i jump out of the way as a bright red jeep nearly runs me over . 
 speaking of the speed demon . 
 brielle bounces out of the driver 's side with her hair in a wild shag . 
 `` god , i almost hit you ! 
 sorry-i 'm freaking late for my shift ! '' 
 `` no , its okay . 
 i was just heading back in myself , '' i say as my feet move toward the entrance . 
 change of plans . 
 `` are you pulling a double ? '' 
 her face contorts like she 's in pain . 
 i am now . 
 `` logan 's short tonight . '' 
 although , not in ego . 
 we head toward the stone building , and i hold the door open for her . 
 `` you 're such a perfect gentleman , gage oliver . '' 
 she squeals , breezing past me . 
 `` we 're going to have to find you a girl . 
 someone sweet . 
 although , i 'll warn you , every girl on the planet has a place in her heart for a bad boy . 
 maybe we should rough you up a bit first . '' 
 she scratches at my chest before dropping her hand just shy of my levis , and i catch her by the wrist . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 a low , thundering laugh rattles through me . 
 if anyone specializes in getting down and dirty , it 's brielle . 
 but i 'm not interested in her like that-never was , never will be . 
 logan glances up from the counter . 
 `` you forget something ? '' 
 his forehead creases as if my every move were suddenly under scrutiny . 
 `` nope , just felt like helping out . '' 
 i smack him on the shoulder as i move past him . 
 `` so , bree '' - i nod over to her - `` any chance your friend might pop in later ? '' 
 skyla ended up staying for less than twenty minutes this afternoon . 
 she mentioned something about unpacking . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` no clue . 
 her parents look a little uptight , so i would n't count on it . 
 why ? 
 you interested ? '' 
 `` of course he is . '' 
 logan glances up from the register . 
 it comes out like a dare , like a threat with the intent on providing bodily harm no matter what the answer might be . 
 `` lie , and i 'll dock your pay . '' 
 `` so what if i like her ? 
 she 's nice . '' 
 i try to play it off as a small crowd storms the food line . 
 i glance in the kitchen to make sure the staff has it under control . 
 `` nice ? '' 
 logan digs in with a partial smile . 
 `` i 'm glad you think my future girlfriend is nice . 
 it 'd kind of suck not seeing you two get along . '' 
 he employs all the sarcasm he can muster . 
 `` soon we 'll be locked at the hips-the lips . 
 consider yourself warned . '' 
 he gives a little wink before heading toward the shoes . 
 brielle comes in close . 
 `` his future girlfriend ? 
 i do n't know gage ... sounds like a war is about erupt . '' 
 she gives a wicked smile . 
 `` are you just going to stand around and let him take over like that ? 
 i think you should go in for the kill and show him who 's boss . 
 you 've got hips , gage . 
 and , god knows every girl on the planet wants to kiss those lips . '' 
 she smirks . 
 `` except me . 
 no offense , but you 're practically my brother . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 i hold my gaze steadfast on logan . 
 `` i guess if it 's meant to be with skyla , no one or their body parts can stand in the way . '' 
 `` mmm , '' brielle moans as logan flashes those pearly whites at the girls lined up in the queue . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 logan 's got some mighty fine hips . 
 lots of girls out there would die to grind up against them . 
 you 've got some stiff competition , buddy . '' 
 i crack a roll of dimes against the counter , and brielle nearly jumps out of her skin . 
 `` holy shit , you scared me , '' she screeches . 
 `` sorry , '' i say , dumping the change into the register . 
 `` is that a little displaced anger i 'm sensing ? '' 
 she looks mildly amused with her hand still wrapped around her neck in fear . 
 `` who 's angry ? '' 
 logan pops up and grabs a towel from under the counter . 
 `` no one 's angry , '' i grunt . 
 `` you still pining for what 's - her-face ? '' 
 logan twitches his nose the way he does when he 's trying to incite me into beating the crap out of him . 
 `` what was her name again ? '' 
 he narrows into me with a crooked grin , hardly able to contain a laugh . 
 `` skyla messenger . '' 
 brielle hops up on the counter , gearing up for the show no doubt . 
 `` i knew it was skyla . '' 
 i shoot a look to logan . 
 `` although , i seriously doubt you forgot . '' 
 `` just wanted to see if you were paying attention . '' 
 he cuts a steely gaze my way that lets me know we 're walking some invisible line , and i 'm about to cross it . 
 `` looks like gage here has a hard-on the size of the space needle , brielle . 
 do they make rubbers that big ? '' 
 it takes everything in me not to knock him over . 
 i hate how easy it is for him-see a girl and have her if he wishes . 
 i 'm pretty sure that 's not going to happen . 
 i 'm pretty sure skyla is the girl i 've seen in my dreams , my prophecies , all these months-these years . 
 someone or something has made it clear as her crystal blue eyes that it 's going to be skyla and me in the end , and there 's not a damn thing logan or any part of his body can do to stop it . 
 i let out a breath as i take him in-his shit-eating grin , his ultra-confidant , cocky attitude-and i make a beeline for the exit . 
 logan pushed my buttons enough for one night . 
 `` where you going ? '' 
 he calls after me . 
 `` to meet a friend . '' 
 only that friend is n't human . 
 2 logan my happily ever after , my forever the next morning , gage and i head out to practice , and he does n't say two words on the way over . 
 it 's like he 's pissed that i even looked at skyla . 
 the guy did n't even blink when chloe used to throw herself in his face , and now he 's acting like he 's ready to tattoo some girl 's name across his chest as a method to secure her for himself . 
 whatever happened to the girl of his psychotic dreams ? 
 i 'd remind him , but i 'm not in the mood to feed his psychosis any more than necessary . 
 i 'd hate to be the one to break it to him , but one wet dream does not a mrs. right make . 
 although , in gage 's case , it probably does . 
 the fog rolls out across the football field like an invisible marching band as we make play after play enveloped in the thick nectar of ground clouds . 
 the coach calls for a break just as the cheerleaders run onto the green . 
 gage jogs up beside me , and we stare over at them , hoping to see the long , tanned legs of our favorite l.a. transplant . 
 `` who are you looking for ? '' 
 he shakes out his hair as if he did n't already have a boner laid out to greet her . 
 `` who do you think i 'm looking for ? 
 i 'd bet good money brielle dragged her out this morning . '' 
 a dark , rotating stain in the sky catches my eye-a raven . 
 nevermore circles and caws over the cheer squad like a siren . 
 and there she is . 
 skyla wanders onto the field with brielle just like i predicted . 
 her hair is pulled back , and just as i hoped , her shorts are better classified as a belt . 
 `` you sicced your f ** king bird on her ? '' 
 i huff a laugh at gage and his obsessive audacity . 
 `` looks like someone 's got it bad . 
 thanks for the heads up , though . 
 she 'll be easy to spot in a crowd . '' 
 i give him a playful swat to the stomach before taking off in her direction . 
 `` hey , '' he barks , shouldering up to me . 
 i pause in fear of dragging him along for the ride . 
 i 'd hate for skyla to get caught up in his baby blues and get her hormones disorganized . 
 `` do n't go shoving yourself down her throat . '' 
 he swallows hard as if he were going to threaten me but then aborted the effort . 
 `` ellis is having a party tonight . 
 we should hang out with her-see where it goes . '' 
 he squints into me with an earnestness i 'm not used to seeing . 
 `` i 'm into her . '' 
 shit . 
 i blink a smile at him . 
 poor , innocent , under-laid gage . 
 although , i happen to fall into the under-laid category myself at the moment . 
 `` all right , listen . 
 i 'll go over and ask brielle to bring her to the party tonight . 
 we 'll sit around in a big douchebag circle , and you can lead us into song . 
 we 'll sing your favorite - ` michael row the boat ' , right ? '' 
 i sock him in the arm , trying to keep things light . 
 the thought of gage and i battling over skyla does n't sit right with me . 
 `` right . '' 
 he shoots me a dirty look before i take off . 
 truth is , i do n't like gage being so `` into '' skyla . 
 gage is a great guy who happens to sport a face that apparently many a girl have wet their panties over , or so i 'm told . 
 not the best combination when we 're both gunning for the same girl . 
 i 'll have to remind him about all that destiny crap . 
 skyla is somebody 's destiny-and that `` somebody '' just so happens to be me . 
 i near the chattering circle of beautifully engineered estrogen , where brielle is busy introducing skyla to the rest of the cheerleaders . 
 michelle miller is snapping away at her gum , rife with attitude and anger . 
 i 've got something i need to borrow from michelle , but i 'll save the grief of chloe 's diary for later . 
 i can tell by the way michelle is standing , with her feet set in defiance , that she 's going to give skyla a hard time . 
 i 'd better interject . 
 maybe if the girls see i 'm interested , they 'll go easy on her . 
 brielle is still busy shooting off introductions as i close in on them . 
 the fog swirls around skyla as if it were zeroing in on her . 
 it bows to her feet as if venerating her beauty . 
 i catch a glimpse of those perfectly tanned legs up close , and my entire body detonates with wanting . 
 my heart thumps erratically , and my tongue swells twice its size at the thought of actually vocalizing in her presence . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i can barely push the word out . 
 she turns around and flashes a hotter-than-hell smile , and everything in me freezes . 
 damn , she 's hot . 
 i toss an arm over her shoulder like some ancillary response . 
 maybe if i touch her i can get my body to stop pulsating like a racehorse slamming against the gate . 
 i 've never felt so nervous about talking to a girl in my life . 
 `` trying out for the team ? '' 
 god , i hope . 
 i 'd pay to watch her shake that body . 
 `` yeah , i think so . '' 
 she follows my arm with her gaze , and her face lights up ten shades of red . 
 great . 
 she 's going to think i 'm a player , a perv . 
 although , for whatever reason , i ca n't seem to let go . 
 skyla looks up at me with those amazing pale blue eyes just this side of grey . 
 she looks nervous , as if uncertain of where this conversation should go next . 
 `` morning . '' 
 she says it low , seductive , and my stomach bites with heat . 
 `` morning . '' 
 the word fumbles from my mouth . 
 i have a feeling skyla can draw anything from my lips she 'd like to hear . 
 i glide my hand over her bare arm , and my boxers twitch at the touch of her skin . 
 i keep staring at her , and i 'm gon na have a really big problem right here , right now . 
 her cheeks burn with the intensity of an inferno . 
 god-i think i 'm in love . 
 i gaze right into those pale blue puddles . 
 love ? 
 skyla goes rigid . 
 her eyes widen with horror . 
 shit ! 
 he heard me . 
 i heard him , and he heard me . 
 she jumps three feet away as if my arm was on fire . 
 she heard me . 
 holy freaking shit . 
 i back my way toward the team in a daze and smack into gage . 
 `` is she coming tonight ? '' 
 he does n't bother taking his eyes off her and neither do i. gage is as infatuated by skyla as i am , and this can only end one way . 
 `` forgot to mention it , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'll call bree later and make sure she shows . '' 
 i do n't tell him about her being one of us-one of me , to be exact . 
 it 's rare to find a nephilim , even rarer to find a celestra , if indeed she is one . 
 my stomach clenches when i think of the prophecy gage shared the other day . 
 i gaze over at skyla as brielle leads her into a routine . 
 this is the girl . 
 this is my happily ever after standing right here on west 's soil , and it takes my breath away just thinking about it . 
 a shadow falls over me from the sky . 
 nevermore flies in a death spiral and lets out a scream that vibrates for miles . 
 something is definitely going on here . 
 it makes me wonder if skyla 's sudden move to paragon is a coincidence after all . 
 if she is a celestra-if she 's the girl that gage prophesied about-this is going to be big . 
 either way , it does n't really matter . 
 i 've already surrendered my heart to her . 
 gage the night of ellis 's big hormonal bash , i spend an undue amount of time in front of the bathroom mirror , combing my hair for twenty minutes like a freaking girl , wondering what the hell skyla sees in logan that she does n't see in me . 
 i trot downstairs and pass mom in the kitchen on my way to grab a soda . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 she takes a step back and travels over me with a look that lets me know she does n't approve of my dressed-to-impress attire . 
 i 've donned a polo . 
 i ca n't remember the last time i put one of these on , let alone wore it into the mosh pit of ellis 's living room . 
 `` just across the street . '' 
 i try to sound casual , as if i did n't just spend forty minutes in front of my closet . 
 i do n't ever remember caring what i wore to one of ellis 's parties before , let alone taking a fresh shower and throwing some gel in my hair like i was headed to winter formal . 
 but i 'm pretty sure skyla might show , and i damn well want her to notice me . 
 dad walks in and pauses , his fingers securing his glasses like he 's about to inspect a corpse . 
 `` what are we looking at emma ? '' 
 he gives a pleasant smile . 
 his hair has almost completely gone to grey these last few months , no thanks to the financial troubles down at the morgue . 
 refinancing the house to keep the business afloat is never a good sign . 
 `` look at him . 
 he 's all dolled up for a party . '' 
 mom 's voice rises like we 're trapped in a fire . 
 `` i 'm not ` dolled up . ' '' 
 i refuse to entertain my mother 's effeminate descriptive . 
 logan breezes into the room . 
 `` looks like gage is aiming for the girls tonight . '' 
 he winks as he plucks the soda from my hand . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 dad raises his brows as if it were the last thing he expected . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll have no problem securing any number of ladies . '' 
 he gives a secret nod of approval . 
 `` do n't stay out too late , '' he adds , heading back to the family room before mom can refute his comment on `` securing the ladies . '' 
 mom twists her lips . 
 her mouth opens , and nothing but a series of choking sounds emit before she takes off . 
 i guess she 's not as quick to encourage me with the `` ladies , '' but that 's to be expected . 
 mom has sweetly convinced herself she 's all the lady i need . 
 `` you talk to bree ? '' 
 i snatch my drink back from logan , who looks overly groomed himself . 
 `` she 's bringing her . '' 
 he nods , examining me with a serious demeanor . 
 `` you know , there are plenty of other girls out there that would die if you gave them a chance . 
 i hear there 's some chick from east who ca n't stop talking about you . '' 
 `` i 'll pass . '' 
 we stare one another down , locked in a dead heat over where this conversation might lead . 
 i 'm sure as hell positive it 's not leading to some girl from east , unless of course , that 's where skyla is going . 
 `` look '' - he swallows hard - `` i 'll land you miller with a bow on top . 
 you want lexy ? 
 she 's been calling me all day-says she 's all hot and bothered with nowhere to blow . 
 it 's a slam dunk . 
 you 'll have your wick wet by midnight . '' 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 i 'm quick to shut down his indecent proposal . 
 `` i 'm not interested in michelle or lexy . 
 i 've already turned them both down myself , so you can peel your ego off the ceiling . '' 
 i catch my reflection in the glass of the oven and run my fingers through my hair . 
 `` we 'd better get going before ellis tries to liquor her up . '' 
 logan folds his arms across his chest and gives a dissatisfied look at my inability to latch onto his `` wick wetting '' offer . 
 `` i do n't want to see you hurt , man . '' 
 he whispers it low , with a look of sincerity . 
 `` look , i got ta talk to your dad for a second . 
 i 'll meet you over there . '' 
 he pats my back and heads out of the room . 
 as much as logan likes to put on the tough guy act , he 's nothing but a marshmallow on the inside . 
 he 's more like my brother than my uncle or cousin as the world likes to think . 
 i 'd do anything for him and vice versa , although i 'm pretty sure he 's not gifting skyla to me `` with a bow '' anytime soon . 
 i snatch my jacket from the entry and slip it on before heading outside . 
 wet my wick by midnight . 
 i hold back a laugh . 
 maybe it 's time i made some strides in that direction . 
 *** the driveway just across the street is choking with cars , not to mention a mile-long backlog up and down the road . 
 the neighbors do n't really complain , so ellis keeps the kegs flowing like some alcohol-laden fiduciary duty to both east and west high alike . 
 my hands sweat as i hop up the porch and head inside where the walls are throbbing to the rhythm of some metal song . 
 the decibel level is so loud my ears threaten to bleed . 
 i make my way over to the great room , where the speakers are n't parked directly overhead , and take in the scene as wall-to-wall bodies filter through the dimly lit room . 
 there she is . 
 skyla lights up the darkness like a flare . 
 the room sways . 
 my heart skips about ten solid beats as our eyes lock for a brief second . 
 she offers a shy smile before brielle steps into our line of vision . 
 not that i mind . 
 it 's not exactly like i wanted skyla to see me staring at her from across the room , smiling like some hatchet murderer . 
 nothing like letting off some stalker vibes to get the night headed in the right direction . 
 everything in me knows i should go over and say something , but my heart is too busy trying to evict itself from my chest and my body refuses to move . 
 i feel lightheaded just occupying the same air space as her-passing out seems pretty high on my body 's to-do list at the moment . 
 brielle sways her hips and gyrates to the right , exposing the l.a. princess once again . 
 her long , golden hair catches what little light the room can afford , showing off a thousand soft spirals that crown her with glory . 
 she 's wearing a skin-tight sweater and cutoff shorts that make her legs glow like burnished bronze . 
 my mind drifts for a moment as i imagine those long , svelte limbs wrapped around my back like a vine , her body pressed against mine-nothing but skin on skin . 
 some dude with a hairline that dips into a v stands next to her . 
 he glares in this direction before reverting his attention back to skyla . 
 does she have a boyfriend ? 
 judging by the way she was inspecting logan at the bowling alley , i 'd gather not-probably just some dude from east trying to get lucky . 
 harrison pops up next to brielle , and i can hear her squealing out an introduction . 
 i 'd better go over before he tries to inaugurate skyla as a part of his ever-expanding circle of concubines . 
 i muster the courage to walk up behind skyla , but my feet refuse to move another inch , so brielle scoots into me . 
 i smile at skyla like the idiot i am . 
 `` look who decided to join the party ? '' 
 really ? 
 that 's what flies out of my mouth ? 
 just f ** k . 
 she looks right at me , and my cheeks burn with heat . 
 i high-five the guy next to her for no good reason other than to avoid spontaneously combusting under her supervision . 
 skyla gives a sweet smile and bites her lip as if she were unsure what to make of me . 
 i 'm about to open my mouth in hopes of something intelligible spouting out just as logan walks up behind her , and i seize up like a broken engine . 
 perfect . 
 with my luck , i 'll say something and she 'll ignore me once he flashes those pearly whites . 
 it 's one thing to have logan razz me about not having her , but another to watch her outright reject me in his presence , so i hold back on the conversation for now . 
 `` hey . '' 
 logan steps up into our circle , and skyla lights up like a christmas tree . 
 `` everyone '' - brielle clears her throat while cozying up to the guy next to her - `` this gorgeous boy is skyla 's stepbrother , drake . '' 
 we exchange hellos . 
 skyla averts her gaze . 
 her cheeks flush as if she were n't too enthused to be introducing her stepbrother to anyone , tonight or ever . 
 logan hones all his energy in on her . 
 `` you shoot pool ? '' 
 he wastes no time trying to get her alone . 
 logan is famous , or rather infamous , regarding the flesh exchanges he likes to conduct after dark . 
 the only thing logan likes about pool is the fact ellis harrison 's pool house has been known to double as a fantasy suite . 
 although , i 'm not sure if he 's ever ventured into the pool house before . 
 i guess this means he 's ready to kick things into high gear with skyla . 
 ellis steps into them with a flicker of hope . 
 `` i 'll break some balls with you guys . '' 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 logan does n't take his eyes off skyla , probably trying to sway her with the hypnotic abilities he wishes he had . 
 logan nods toward the rear of the house , and skyla follows him out of the room without so much as a see you later . 
 she takes my heart away right along with her . 
 and here i thought she 'd be mine , forever . 
 3 logan one and the same the fog hugs the harrison house like a wet blanket that god slopped over us , thick and cloying . 
 i lead skyla down the side yard , along a trail that takes us past the noise and confusion of the party . 
 you can actually hear the crickets belting out their tune into the quiet solitude of night . 
 i 've never brought a girl to the pool house before . 
 ellis 's pool house is infamous for salacious activities of the p ** n ographic variety . 
 i 've had both miller and bishop try to lure me out this way , but refused the offers . 
 i made the mistake of sleeping with chloe , twice . 
 it hurt like hell when i found out she was stringing both me and my dick along for nothing . 
 i wanted to love her . 
 something in me wanted to give . 
 i brush the thought out of my head . 
 i 'm not taking skyla out here to score , although if she wanted to round the bases , i would n't argue . 
 i talked to barron tonight , and he seems to think i should test her , make sure what happened on the football field earlier was n't just some fluke . 
 the truth is , i was dazed just being near her , never mind the fact i had the balls to wrap an arm around her shoulder . 
 maybe i did hallucinate the entire exchange . 
 it would n't be the first time a girl had me tongue-tied out of my mind . 
 i let out a little laugh . 
 okay , so it would be the first time . 
 skyla rubs her arms to keep warm . 
 her hair glitters like it 's collected the stars as the dew nestles in her tresses . 
 skyla is her own universe-nothing but breathtaking beauty . 
 i open the door to the pool house and wait for her to step inside before flicking on the lights . 
 it 's toasty in here . 
 harrison likes to keep it heated for his `` love honeys , '' as he affectionately refers to his feline herd . 
 skyla runs her finger over the crimson velvet of the pool table . 
 she bites down on her lips like a sexy little vamp as she watches me extract the balls from the pockets . 
 damn , she 's hot . 
 a spike of perspiration ignites under my arms . 
 to hell with the balls . 
 the only thing i want to land on this table is skyla . 
 she swallows hard , clearing her throat ever so slightly . 
 a look of remorse sweeps across her face as she darts a quick glance toward the exit . 
 i 'd better say something fast , before she bolts back to the party and gage latches onto her for life . 
 `` so '' - i take a breath , unsure of what 's about to fly from my mouth - `` how long have you known ? '' 
 shit . 
 wrong question . 
 barron specifically said to test her first . 
 i ca n't help it , though . 
 skyla has me all twisted up whenever she 's around . 
 she could get me to rattle off the combination to the floor safe at the bowling alley if she wanted . 
 i hand her a pool stick with a reluctant smile . 
 `` known what ? '' 
 she blinks up as if she has no idea what i 'm talking about , but something about the way her lips twitch tells me otherwise . 
 i tilt my head and study her inordinate beauty-those high cheekbones , her cute pinched nose , hair like a lion 's mane . 
 god , all i want to do is pull her in and cover her mouth with a kiss that goes on for days . 
 `` that i like to play pool ? '' 
 she looks up at me from under her lashes before leaning in and shooting the ball across the table . 
 `` stripes . '' 
 skyla remains frozen , perfectly bent over , most likely amazed she got the ball to obey her command . 
 i snap up a stick and step in behind her . 
 my heart is ready to explode from my chest , among other bodily explosions that are begging to happen right about now . 
 i lay over her gently and mold my chest to her back , feeling the contours and gaps fill in with a heated satisfaction . 
 i 'm not too interested in anything my grey matter might want to inject in the situation . 
 i 'm firing on one hundred-percent primal instincts right now , and i 'm f ** king loving these primal instincts . 
 her body rises to meet me . 
 her bottom tucks into my hips , and i bury an audible groan in my chest . 
 `` solids . '' 
 i blow the word over her ear in a heated exchange while trying to get a grip on my breathing . 
 skyla spins around . 
 her eyes glitter with a smile all their own as she touches her nose to mine for a brief second . 
 hot damn . 
 i do believe she 's flirting in the best way possible . 
 i run my fingers through her hair before stroking the back of her neck . 
 kiss me , i roar it out like a lion and wait to see if she heard . 
 skyla moans into me , landing her lips over mine in a barely-there pass that far exceeds anything erotic i 've ever experienced . 
 she traces out my lips with hers before taking a hold of the back of my neck and plunging her tongue into my mouth in one fantastic fit of rapture . 
 everything in me loosens . 
 i 've kissed girls before , but never with this much urgency . 
 our lust is explosive , enough to fuel a rocket to mars . 
 we exchange soft moans of passion , kisses that map out the landscape of one another 's mouths . 
 this was a salivary exchange for the ages-a love story in the making . 
 i try to zero in on her thoughts , but she 's holding up the wall , and so am i. skyla relaxes over the pool table , and i ravish her face , her ears , her f ** king sweet neck with a hot bed of kisses . 
 i loop my fingers in her shorts , and she does n't object . 
 the growing bulge in my jeans very much wants her shorts off-her sweater , too-but something tells me i 'm not in the running for the gold tonight . 
 skyla groans , and i ca n't take it anymore . 
 i bury a series of kisses over her heated skin before landing on her lips again . 
 right here , right now , i growl into her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she smacks me in the chest and sends me flying . 
 shit . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i throw my hands up like a criminal , hoping she wo n't bolt . 
 skyla hitches a loose hair behind her ear like a habit . 
 her lipstick is slightly smeared , and she 's smoldering at me without even trying . 
 `` i better go , '' she whispers before taking off like a bullet . 
 i 'm still panting , trying to catch my breath like some distance runner , so i do n't stop her . 
 i adjust my jeans , trying to get the stallion back in the stall for the evening . 
 i 'd like to make my way into the crowd without causing a scene . 
 for sure i want to alleviate any tension between skyla and me before it 's too late . 
 it 's obvious she heard my proposition , although i could have tested her in a number of ways . 
 maybe it 's not such a good idea to let my primal instincts take over one hundred percent when she 's around . 
 something tells me i wo n't have a say in the matter-and that `` something '' just so happens to be a foot-long hard-on trying to rip from my levis . 
 i glance over at the bathroom . 
 i think i 'll alleviate a little tension myself before tracking down skyla . 
 *** after a long , cold shower in the pool house , i make my way back to the party and scan the crowd for the girl i hope to god i did n't piss off for good . 
 i struggle my way through the mass of humanity , but i do n't see any sign of skyla . 
 michelle spots me from across the room and salutes me with her red plastic cup . 
 michelle miller is wasted and easy-a combo i might have considered as a gift from above up until yesterday . 
 funny how i 've known hundreds of girls in my life and not one of them has ever inspired me to take an emergency shower in the middle of a raging party . 
 skyla catches my attention near the kitchen with her hair still rumpled from behind . 
 she leans over the wall as if she 's spying on someone . 
 please god , do n't let it be gage . 
 i do n't waste any time in heading over . 
 `` skyla , '' i whisper from behind . 
 she does n't bother to turn around . 
 instead , she continues to check out brielle attempting to hump her brother against the fridge . 
 skyla probably wants to run over and rescue him-i ca n't blame her . 
 brielle has been known to eat boys like him by the dozen in just one night . 
 there 's a reason they call her `` the head monster . '' 
 i try to hide the smile hedging on my lips as i move in front of skyla . 
 `` i think we need to talk . '' 
 it takes everything in me not to take her in my arms and hold her-mold my hands over her curves . 
 she looks confused , frightened , and a little overly concerned about the kitchen antics of her new neighbor . 
 `` look '' - she blinks several times as if holding back tears - `` i just really want to go home . '' 
 she leans into the wall with her lips quivering , and my hard-on resurrects itself as if it never left-as if i did n't just have hot shower sex with skyla in one of the most viral fantasies of my life . 
 `` let me take you , '' i offer . 
 she washes over me with her gaze and frowns . 
 between brielle and me , she probably thinks the entire island is overrun with a bunch of sex-starved villagers , which it 's not . 
 it just so happens that brielle and i are sort of anomalies-and i know for a fact skyla can satiate any desire in me for women all by herself , from now until kingdom come . 
 skyla and i walk out front where the cool night air sifts over us , infused with the scent of ripe pines . 
 she does n't reach for my hand like i was hoping-in fact , she stands with a three-foot clearance as if she 's terrified to confirm what we both already know . 
 i lead her down the driveway , a little relieved gage has n't hunted us down and scalped my balls by now . 
 `` so , where we going ? '' 
 she asks , taking my hand with her soft , cool fingers , and i groan with pleasure from her simple touch . 
 i pause and look at her under the halo of a powder-soft moon . 
 i live across the street , i say , gazing into her eyes , begging for her to confirm my theory . 
 can you hear me ? 
 she looks uneasy when she asks , as if maybe she 's never had a conversation with anyone this way before , and maybe she has n't . 
 `` yes , '' i say relieved , barely able to contain the laughter trembling from my chest . 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 her face bleaches out , and for a minute , i 'm afraid she 'll pass out . 
 he hears me . 
 he knows my thoughts . 
 she takes her hand back like snatching it out of a fire . 
 she leers at me with a sarcastic look in her eye , as if she 's speaking to me telepathically . 
 i give a half-smile . 
 she 's so damn cute without even trying . 
 `` i need to touch you , '' i tell her . 
 `` you 're just like me . '' 
 she dips her knees a little when she says it , and blooms with a smile like she 's been waiting for me all her life . 
 that golden hair , that picture perfect face . 
 i can feel the shakes coming on . 
 i 'm mesmerized by the effect her beauty has on me . 
 `` and you 're just like me '' - i push in until we 're a breath away - `` but prettier . '' 
 my lips crash over hers in a heated exchange that sears our lips together . 
 i 've kissed plenty of girls but never felt as charged as i do with skyla . 
 this is bigger than just a simple kiss . 
 this is a collision of something powerful , something magnetic-the surge of atoms bonding with isotopes-nothing short of the nuclear detonation of our affection in the making . 
 i lead her across the street and grab my keys before helping her into the truck . 
 `` you really want to go home ? '' 
 i ask , landing behind the wheel and firing up the engine . 
 `` not really . '' 
 she pulls at one of her curls before dipping it into her mouth like an invitation . 
 `` you wan na just drive ? '' 
 just drive . 
 the pervert in me tries to figure out what that might be code for back in l.a. `` sure , '' i say , pulling out of the driveway . 
 `` i know just the place to take you . '' 
 skyla shifts in her seat as we head onto the road . 
 i glance back over at the sea of bodies floating around ellis 's house . 
 i was sort of hoping gage would see us leaving together and put to rest any idea he might have of injecting himself in the situation . 
 `` i know i 'm from l.a. and stuff '' - she clears her throat - `` so you probably think i 've been everywhere-done everything . '' 
 her lashes flutter as she blushes in my direction . 
 `` but i have n't , and i do n't plan on it . 
 i 'm a. . . '' 
 she fumbles a moment , unable to finish her sentence with the word virgin as the endcap . 
 i wince at the thought of inciting her to go there . 
 `` i 'm glad you have n't been everywhere '' - i 'm quick to assure her - `` or done everything . '' 
 i offer a quiet smile that fills in the blanks better than words ever could . 
 we head down the main highway for what feels like a good stretch of eternity . 
 it 's nice like this with skyla . 
 i do n't ever remember feeling so comfortable with anyone before , let alone a person of the female persuasion . 
 `` do you know what it is ? '' 
 i ask , referring to our shared mystical talent that has the ability to land us both on the government 's sci-fi watch list if we 're not careful . 
 i pull into devil 's peak and park by the overlook . 
 the water sparkles like a jewel , but it does n't hold a candle to skyla with her face smoothed to perfection like a porcelain doll . 
 `` it 's so beautiful , '' she whispers as waves crash over the rocks below . 
 `` so are you , but you 're evading the question . '' 
 i take her hand and let it settle in my palm . 
 do you know why you 're like this ? 
 she takes a breath and holds it . 
 an image emerges . 
 she 's thinking about an older man with a kind look in his eyes . 
 she feels at peace when she sees of him . 
 i 'm guessing it 's her father . 
 my own parents float to the forefront of my mind . 
 the picture i have on my dresser comes to me with perfect clarity-the one of me as an infant , nestled safe in my mother 's arms while my father embraces the two of us . 
 it was taken in that short window in my original life without the burns . 
 that 's me in the middle . 
 i nod into her . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 her eyes tear up instantly . 
 what happened ? 
 car accident-so i was told . 
 my mother died trying to get me out , but i hold that part back just beyond the border of my thoughts . 
 it 's not that hard to lock her out of my mental musings , a little trick i learned from the master himself , gage . 
 `` i could do this with my dad . '' 
 she shudders at the thought of doing it at all . 
 `` my mom , my sister-they ca n't . '' 
 `` gage ca n't . '' 
 a surge of guilt pulses through me . 
 i do n't know why i 'm so quick shoot him down . 
 he 's amazing on his own without the ability to read anybody 's mind . 
 `` look-i just want you to know i do n't make a habit of touching people and reading their thoughts . '' 
 `` i 'm impressed . '' 
 she twists her lips as if she 's not . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 i pull her hand to my mouth and touch each of her fingers to my lips . 
 `` but you do n't really know why you can do this , do you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her eyes widen like softballs . 
 `` will you tell me ? '' 
 i lean in and collapse my arms around her like i 've been dying to do all night . 
 skyla holds the scent of the air in springtime , like fresh cut flowers releasing their sweet perfume , and i inhale until my lungs are ready to burst from the effort . 
 `` yes , i 'll tell you . '' 
 i dust my cheek over her face until my mouth brushes gently against hers . 
 `` but not tonight . '' 
 i land my lips exactly where they want to be-diving over hers for an erotic eternity . 
 skyla and i make the stars wish they could burn through the atmosphere with such heated precision . 
 there 's not a cold shower in the world that could douse the fire brewing between us . 
 gage in the morning , i hear the faint sound of whistling outside my bedroom . 
 crap . 
 i pull the pillow over my head , trying to drown him out . 
 i know damn well it 's logan , and his whistling means he 's in an all too chipper mood from god knows what . 
 i roll over trying to ignore the fact my bladder demands to burst . 
 i dreamed of her again . 
 it was her this time without a doubt . 
 skyla and i walking hand in hand along a black sandy beach . 
 her hair flowing in the wind , a smile locked and loaded on her lips all for me . 
 a hard series of knocks explode over my door . 
 `` rise and shine , princess . '' 
 logan 's voice booms inside my head like the crash of an annoying cymbal . 
 `` your mom wants you downstairs for breakfast . '' 
 his footsteps dissipate , and the tension in me reduces as he stomps away . 
 i clean up and head downstairs . 
 my senses light up with the scent of sugar and spice and all things delicious as only my mother can make . 
 `` cinnamon rolls . '' 
 my favorite . 
 `` how was last night ? 
 did the clothes afford you any luck with the ladies ? '' 
 dad glances up from his medical journal , the glasses ready to slide off his nose . 
 mom stops washing dishes to inspect me as they both await my answer . 
 you 'd think it was a miracle around here if i even mentioned a girl , let alone went out with one . 
 `` last night was great . '' 
 i plop down next to logan as mom charges at me with a glazed bun the size of my fist and a tall glass of milk . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 'm not addressing my `` luck with the ladies . '' 
 i only want one , and my horseshoe seems to be misfiring at the moment because she 's hung up on the wrong person . 
 logan offers a shit-eating grin that suggests way more about his night than i ever wanted to know . 
 `` and how was your night ? '' 
 dad gives a placid smile to logan as if he expects the truth . 
 i know the truth . 
 he and skyla pulled a disappearing act at the very same time . 
 his truck was out of the driveway by ten , and was n't back until well after one . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 he bites down on his fork and shoots me a look . 
 dad chuckles , readjusting his glasses . 
 `` i see we 've gone from an unenthusiastic ` great , ' to an exuberant ` excellent . ' 
 sounds like the two of you experienced the evening on the opposite ends of the spectrum . '' 
 `` well ... '' mom smooths her hand over her napkin . 
 `` i 'm just glad you 're both sitting here . 
 i 'm always thrilled to see your smiling faces in the morning . 
 so much can go wrong these days , i just - '' `` emma . '' 
 dad lowers his chin in an effort to pluck her off the inbound train of torment and worry . 
 logan slides into a lazy half-smile . 
 he 's got that same stupid look on his face he gets before inflicting a little good-natured teasing . 
 although , by the way my gut is clenching , i can tell it 's not going to feel so `` good-natured '' after all . 
 `` you do n't look too happy , gage . '' 
 logan gives a light kick to my shin from underneath the table . 
 `` dare i say , only one of us here is smiling ? '' 
 he pumps out a giant grin . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 mom is quick to assess the damage by touching her hand to my forehead . 
 `` you 're a little warm . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i glare over at logan . 
 `` i 'm getting a little hot under the collar . '' 
 `` step outside , sweetheart , '' she suggests . 
 `` it 'll do you some good . '' 
 `` i hear letting out some aggression works wonders , too . '' 
 logan 's chest heaves as he swallows down a laugh . 
 `` one quick , passionate burst of energy detonating from you should do it . '' 
 he holds my stare as his lips curve into a devilish grin . 
 `` sometimes , all you need is a quick release and all seems right with the world . '' 
 release ? 
 figures . 
 logan ca n't get his mind out of the gutter for one f ** king minute . 
 dad rolls his eyes before excusing himself , and mom follows him into the entry , saying something about a meeting later this week . 
 `` you release some tension last night ? '' 
 i shoot the words out like a dart . 
 `` is that what you want me to believe ? 
 because i do n't for a second think she 's the kind of girl who would lie down for you . '' 
 not on the first night , anyway . 
 i swallow hard at whatever the hell is about to pop out of his mouth . 
 here it is , the moment of truth . 
 `` no , she 's not . '' 
 everything in me exhales with relief . 
 he pulls his lips in a line . 
 `` heard michelle was asking about you last night . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 not buying it . 
 `` no , not really . '' 
 he rumples his napkin before tossing it at me . 
 `` but maybe she did . 
 you never know , right ? 
 rumor has it she 's passing out blowjobs like halloween candy . 
 she 'll dethrone bree by homecoming . 
 why do n't you call her ? '' 
 i shake my head as that dream comes back to me-skyla holding my hand , happy to be with me on a moonlit beach . 
 `` gage . '' 
 he lowers his head , still looking at me with that i 'm - sorry-for-you expression plastered to his face . 
 `` do n't do this . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 it comes out bored , as if i did n't really care what he had to say next . 
 `` do n't get hung up on someone who 's not into you . '' 
 he says it sincerely , as if he 's trying to dispense some fatherly advice . 
 `` what about that girl you 're always harping about ? '' 
 he presses his lips together and nods as if i should consider this . 
 `` how would she feel if you went after some other chick while she was trying to make her way to you ? '' 
 he 's bringing up the visions i 've shared with him , and oddly enough , it does n't feel like he 's mocking me-more like trying to get me to go along with it in a desperate attempt to keep my mind off skyla . 
 `` you 've got some balls . '' 
 i raise my milk and offer an impromptu toast in his direction . 
 he gets up and pats me on the shoulder . 
 `` keep admiring them , my friend . '' 
 he takes off for the stairs . 
 `` my cojones are a sight to behold . '' 
 a dry laugh rattles out of me . 
 little does he know , the girl from my dreams and skyla messenger are one in the same . 
 4 logan secrets and soulmates i 'm pulling an eternal shift at the bowling alley today . 
 swear to god i should set up a cot in the back . 
 i do n't know why i bother going home , especially in the summer when i 've got this place strapped to my back like a bomb . 
 all morning and into the listless afternoon , i think about that conversation with gage-the fact he 's clearly not backing down from pursuing skyla when he knows i 've already taken a step in the right direction with her . 
 it 's not like him . 
 it spooks me , and i do n't like to be spooked . 
 not like this , and not with gage on the other side of the relational equation . 
 brielle darts in , holding someone up beside her . 
 gage swoops in on the two of them so quick it 's hard to make out the injured party . 
 probably michelle , still hungover from last night . 
 i head over to find skyla with her face swollen and bruised , her lip split and bleeding on the side . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i help her into a chair and bolt to the kitchen for a bag of ice . 
 i rush back to her side and evict gage so i can sit next to her , blotting her lip with the ice pack when all i want to do is hold her , and tell her everything will be okay . 
 brielle relays the story about how the `` bitch squad '' appointed themselves as the welcoming committee by way of flying fists . 
 skyla lands her fingers over my arm before giving a gentle squeeze . 
 i glance over at gage and catch him eyeing her hand as she traces out my forearm . 
 the hurt on his face is obvious for everyone to see , and it kills me . 
 a sad smile hedges on my lips as i look back down at skyla . 
 you 'll live . 
 stay away from those girls . 
 they 're mostly trouble . 
 she blinks up at me with those innocent doe eyes . 
 they said i stole chloe 's boyfriend . 
 did i ? 
 her face lights up like a furnace at the idea . 
 `` what 's up with all the stargazing and silence ? '' 
 brielle does n't bother to hide the fact she 's pissed . 
 `` if you die in your sleep because you have a concussion , it 's literally on your head , missy . '' 
 `` points to you for sounding like my mother , '' skyla says , taking up my hand in the process . 
 brielle drills a hole through skyla with her bourgeoning anger . 
 there 's an entire stream of words trying to choke their way out of bree 's throat , instead , she bolts over to the bathroom like her hair is on fire . 
 was it something i said ? 
 her eyes widen at brielle 's abrupt departure . 
 gage stirs in his seat . 
 his body language alone clues me in on the fact he too is about to erupt like a three-year-old , although for other reasons entirely . 
 `` look - '' gage growls . 
 and here we go . 
 `` if you guys are going to do this , find a booth in the back where people ca n't see you . '' 
 he stomps off toward the kitchen , and i fight the urge to go over and tell him to chill the hell out because he 's starting to get under my skin . 
 why ca n't he let this go ? 
 he 's got his dream girl , and i 've got mine . 
 are you sure gage ca n't do this ? 
 i mean , you are related . 
 she drags her eyes off of him , and a part of me is worried she 's starting to soften to his dark , enchanting ways . 
 i let down my walls so she can hear me , loud and clear . 
 no , i assure . 
 he knows about it . 
 would n't take my hand if it meant getting out of a burning building . 
 he 's mastered other tricks , though-far more useless , i assure you . 
 what do you mean , other tricks ? 
 she asks . 
 logan , tell me what this is . 
 is it some sort of genetic defect ? 
 why can i do this ? 
 why do we have this ability ? 
 i glance over to the kitchen where gage pretends like he 's not trying to watch our every move . 
 i pull my hand away from hers and drop it under the table . 
 the last thing i want to do is stick a knife through my nephew 's heart today or any other day . 
 `` i want to , '' i whisper . 
 `` not here , though . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 nobody will know . 
 we can do it in secret . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 brielle lands back at the table , looking good and pissed . 
 `` why not right here on the table ? 
 i do n't think anyone will notice at all . '' 
 `` not that . '' 
 skyla closes her eyes for a moment and tips her head back seductively without trying . 
 her neck looks prime for a bite , and i 'm more than willing to sink my teeth into her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she reaches over to brielle . 
 `` it 's just hard sometimes . '' 
 bree shoots me a look , and i know where this is going . 
 `` chloe 's been on my mind , and it 's gone from bad to worse . '' 
 and there it is . 
 `` chloe was your friend , '' i whisper over to her . 
 i 'm a little apprehensive to say chloe 's name out loud-as if that alone has the power to reanimate her from the grave . 
 `` it 's okay to miss her . '' 
 skyla drops her gaze . 
 this ca n't be easy for her either since she sleeps in chloe 's old bedroom . 
 that 's one mindfuck i would n't wish on anyone . 
 `` i know . '' 
 brielle dabs a wad of tissues into her face . 
 `` she did have the bad habit of hanging out with em , michelle , and lexy . 
 they were n't always the triune anything . 
 she was the one who tempered them , and now , without her , they 've gone feral . 
 it 's like their wickedness unleashed the second chloe disappeared . '' 
 not sure i would agree , but i 'll go with it for now . 
 skyla sits up at attention . 
 `` disappeared ? '' 
 `` she went missing for two weeks . '' 
 brielle leans in and whispers it like a dirty little secret . 
 `` nobody knows what happened . 
 coroner says her body was thrashed when they found her '' - she lowers her lashes - `` she had these strange cuts all over . '' 
 brielle stares out at the lane straight ahead with a catatonic gaze . 
 `` cuts ? '' 
 skyla asks , trying to wrap her head around the idea . 
 her eyes magnify with fear , and i suddenly have the urge to duct tape brielle 's mouth shut . 
 `` maybe they were scrapes from branches ? '' 
 skyla seems desperate for a plausible solution . 
 `` like she was trying to escape . '' 
 shit . 
 brielle has her all worked up . 
 i 'm sure she wo n't sleep for a year . 
 brielle is inadvertently brewing a disaster that only a psychiatrist and a real estate agent will be able to cure . 
 `` deep incisions . '' 
 brielle croaks . 
 `` her mom said it looked barbaric , like she was used as some kind of science experiment . 
 they think maybe somebody tortured her . '' 
 nice work , bree . 
 i shoot her a look . 
 `` dear god . '' 
 skyla nearly falls out of her chair from shock . 
 i feel horrible about what happened to chloe , but i do n't think spooking paragon 's newest resident , who happens to live at the old bishop house , is going to make things better . 
 i pull the ice from skyla 's lip and break up the bag , trying to derail her thoughts from the trajectory of terror brielle launched her down . 
 skyla looks horrified , like some deranged lunatic is about to rush her with a shiny new ax . 
 not that i can guarantee it wo n't happen , but i 'll make damn sure she 's safe . 
 gage is n't the only one with a trick up his sleeve . 
 a freaking bird . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` listen '' - skyla takes in a breath like she 's coming up for air - `` if i can convince my parents to let me have a party will you come ? '' 
 a smile buds on my lips . 
 `` of course . '' 
 sounds like the perfect time and place to get those blood samples barron recommended . 
 `` i mean , just you guys and '' - she glances back at bree - `` drake will be there . 
 kate and nat can come . 
 my mom has this thing about my stepbrother meeting people . 
 i know she 'll be okay with it . '' 
 she gives a mournful smile as if she were reliving a bad memory . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 i pick up her hand , low by her thigh so gage wo n't see . 
 but i ca n't tell you in a room full of people . 
 we need to be alone-just you and me . 
 tell me now . 
 no one will know . 
 alone . 
 am i going to freak out when i hear it ? 
 i erect the shroud that barricades her from my thoughts . 
 you do n't think i can handle it , do you ? 
 she knits her brows together , and i want to soothe her with my lips right here in the bowling alley . 
 it 's not that i do n't think you ca n't handle it . 
 i say it with as much tenderness i can afford . 
 once you realize who you are , you wo n't ever get a chance to go back . 
 who am i ? 
 skyla . 
 the girl who launched a thousand boners in the oliver family alone , but i do n't share that part with her . 
 not funny , she says . 
 i do n't scare easy . 
 you 're lying . 
 i pull my lips to the side . 
 chloe 's ghost can testify to that . 
 you 're saying it 'll frighten me ? 
 i give a slight nod . 
 it will , and it should . 
 gage on the night of skyla 's party , i wait out on the driveway for logan so we can take off and i can get the rejection out of the way for the evening . 
 that 's what it 's starting to feel like with skyla and me-hopeless . 
 up above , the clouds weigh heavy and brooding as if they 're about to unleash all unholy hell . 
 a raven spins in the sooted sky . 
 nevermore . 
 he 's my residual gift from chloe-perhaps the only good thing that came from her obsession with me . 
 she impressed him with my blood and now we 're bonded until i croak or decide to gift him to someone else . 
 i toss a pebble in the air at nev and watch as he tries to catch it in his beak . 
 he swoops down to earth with his wings flapping in and out like a cape , landing with a thud on my shoulder . 
 i yank the stone from his mouth . 
 `` you did it . '' 
 i jerk my shoulder until he bounces onto the hood of logan 's truck . 
 the last thing i need today is nev taking a crap on me . 
 i pull on a grey flannel over my t-shirt . 
 girl 's swears this color brings out the pacific ocean in my eyes , and i 'm trolling the bottom of the barrel for skyla 's attention . 
 i toss the pebble in the air again , and nev turns his head as if he did n't see it . 
 lazy bird . 
 `` watch over her , dude , '' i whisper . 
 `` keep an eye on her at all times . 
 this one 's special . '' 
 i flick my finger and nev takes off in the direction of skyla 's house . 
 skyla 's house-it 's really chloe 's house , or at least it was . 
 god knows i logged my fair share of hours there doing who knows what . 
 actually , i do know what i was doing and for whom . 
 maybe someday i 'll get to share that with skyla . 
 it 's definitely nothing i want to mention before we pass go , so i put it out of my mind and try to forget about it . 
 skyla messenger can make me forget just about anything . 
 i really think chloe would have liked her once she got to know her . 
 hell-for that matter , i 'd like to get to know skyla . 
 i would n't mind some one-on-one time with her in the butterfly room . 
 that could be our place-just skyla and me . 
 in my mind 's eye , it plays out like a movie . 
 i envision skyla sitting on my lap , stripping off her sweater nice and slow . 
 i reach back and unbuckle her bra , run my tongue down her neck right between her chest until she tips her head back and groans . 
 logan smacks me in the arm , yanking me from my fantasy long before i 'm ready . 
 `` dude , '' he snipes . 
 `` you got a f ** king hunting knife in your jeans ? 
 pull it together , would you ? '' 
 he unlocks his truck , and a crow screams from the sound of the horn going off . 
 `` and would you stop thinking about skyla ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i salute him with my middle finger as he hops in the truck . 
 i teleport into the passenger 's seat and give a wry smile once he arrives . 
 `` so , what 's the game plan ? '' 
 i run my fingers through my hair , checking my reflection in the mirror . 
 `` i 'm going to suck her blood . '' 
 he holds up a vial before slipping it back in his jeans . 
 `` you think she 's celestra , huh ? '' 
 just another thing pretty boy and skyla have in common . 
 my stomach turns at the thought . 
 `` i know she is . 
 you know what the best part is ? '' 
 `` she can see what a douche you are , inside and out ? '' 
 i tease . 
 not really . 
 it 'll probably only magnify the fact that deep down , logan oliver is one of the nicest guys skyla could ever hope to know-and that 's too f ** king bad for me . 
 `` you 're funny . '' 
 he takes the turn outside the estates a little wide , and i hold onto the grab bar . 
 `` no , i just keep thinking about how intense it 'll be with her . '' 
 he says it quiet-serious , and it sends every cell in my body on red alert . 
 he 's going to do it . 
 he 's going to make a move on the girl i 'm supposed to be with . 
 i do n't get it . 
 if i 'm feeling it-if the visions confirm everything i know is true-then why on earth is skyla the last person to get with the program ? 
 i glance over at logan and sink in my seat as a horrible realization sets in . 
 maybe , just maybe , logan has been a part of the big picture all along . 
 *** logan and i picked up a pizza on the way to the party . 
 we pull up to the bishop 's old place and park in the driveway , both of us settling our gaze on the overgrown cabin , mesmerized to be back under such different circumstances . 
 `` old school , huh ? '' 
 logan slaps my shoulder , startling me out of my daze . 
 `` it 's not her house anymore . 
 it 's skyla 's . 
 that 's how we have to look at it . 
 wipe the slate clean . 
 there 's someone new in our lives . 
 it 's not skyla 's fault chloe died . '' 
 i nod into his line of thinking as we get out of the truck . 
 i blip myself to the front door to buy a half-minute with her before logan sweeps her off her feet again . 
 but it 's not skyla who opens the door , it 's brielle . 
 i give a brief hello and make my way past her . 
 it 's refreshing seeing new furniture in the place , the dank scent of the bishop house long forgotten , replaced with the sweet scent of skyla . 
 she beats cinnamon rolls any day of the week for `` best olfactory experience ever . '' 
 skyla blooms in the family room like a fantasy come to life . 
 her hair falls over her shoulders in a gold waterfall as she offers a sweet smile in my direction . 
 here 's my chance to say something . 
 tell her about the dreams-the fact i know that she and i will do amazing things on a black sandy beach one day . 
 that i 've thought about her-fallen in love with her-long before i ever met her . 
 instead , i grin like an idiot until she walks past me and greets nat and kate with an enthusiastic hello . 
 perfect . 
 this is a shining example of why i 'll never make it to first base with the `` girl of my dreams '' - i 'm a tongue-tied idiot whenever i 'm around her . 
 maybe i misinterpreted those visions , and she 's the girl i 'll forever be fantasizing about . 
 that sounds about right . 
 i turn just in time to catch the logan and skyla show , his arms already locked around her waist . 
 my stomach sinks as i glance down at the pizza-because god knows i 've lost my appetite . 
 skyla gathers everyone in the family room , and they indulge in the feast of the best artery clogging pizza on the island . 
 logan seems to be taking a cue from me and passes on the meal . 
 if anyone gets sick tonight , i 'm sure they 'll accuse us of lacing their dinner . 
 skyla comes over and leans in . 
 she washes over me with those haunting pale eyes and hands me a movie . 
 `` so here 's the dvd . '' 
 her fingers brush against mine , and my entire body tingles from her touch . 
 `` if you do n't like it , blame drake . '' 
 she points to the console the television rests on . 
 `` there 's lots more crap where that came from . '' 
 she glances back in logan 's direction . 
 i need to say something to hold her attention or she 'll never notice me . 
 at the rate i 'm going , i 'll be less visible than air by the time we leave . 
 `` you get the comedy channel ? '' 
 i blink into my own stupidity and snatch the remote from the coffee table like i actually meant it . 
 she opens her mouth as if she 's about to answer then turns abruptly like she 's thought of something better . 
 `` hey '' - she bites down on her lip while looking at logan - `` would you like a tour of the house ? '' 
 perfect . 
 my stupid inquiry about the f ** king comedy channel inspired her to give logan a sneak preview of her mattress . 
 i 'm sure she 's dubbed me the scary oliver by now . 
 logan glances at me for a moment with a mournful look before perking back to attention . 
 `` why , yes . 
 yes , i would . '' 
 must be nice up on cloud nine . 
 `` you 're going to miss the movie . '' 
 kate snatches at skyla as she drifts by . 
 `` that 's the point . '' 
 natalie hugs a pillow like it was a body . 
 `` they 're going to entertain themselves . '' 
 nat 's words slice through me as i shoot a look up at skyla . 
 she catches my eye , and i beg her with everything in me not to go anywhere with logan , just to sit right here next to me and watch the crap movie i 'm about to put on . 
 `` we 're just going to talk . '' 
 she says it sweetly , directed to me of all people , and a part of me swims with relief . 
 skyla winces as she drinks me in . 
 she 's feeling something , i can tell , and for a brief moment , i 'm sure she 'll be mine one day . 
 `` hey , skyla ? '' 
 her brother shouts as she and logan head for the stairs . 
 `` there 's a stack of rubbers in my top drawer . 
 feel free to grab one . 
 i hear it 's a safe way to ` talk ' to people . '' 
 there goes that brief moment . 
 she 's all logan 's again . 
 5 logan the bloody party skyla 's bedroom is sweet in nature , not at all the vixen den that chloe had set up for herself . 
 a wicker-framed bed sits in the corner with a canopy floating above it like a cloud . 
 a plain white desk with a laptop sits against the opposite wall . 
 skyla 's hand warms to mine , and i can hear her worry over how well she hid her stuffed animals . 
 i ca n't help but listen in . 
 her inner dialog is too damn cute not to . 
 she does a spastic inventory of the floor while her face lights up the exact same shade of pink as the quilt on her bed . 
 a stack of boxes sit untouched in the corner , patiently waiting for someone to tend to them , and i give her hand a squeeze as if to say it 's not a big deal . 
 skyla shoots a look of dismay at the walls . 
 one day this summer , i for sure want to paint it a really pretty green . 
 `` i 'll help , '' i offer . 
 `` help ? '' 
 she drops me like a bad connection and leaps over to the mattress , smoothing her hand over the spot right next to her . 
 `` paint your room . '' 
 i land beside her in one fell swoop , no formal invite needed . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 she lies back and turns her head into the pillow as if she 's somehow mortified by this . 
 her bare shoulder pops free from her sweater , and i want to press my lips against it , graze my teeth over her flesh for the hell of it . 
 every move she makes , feels like an invitation . 
 `` and , you hid things pretty well . '' 
 i reach under her bed and retrieve a scruffy blue elephant . 
 she lets out a bubbling laugh while trying to grab it . 
 `` give me that , '' she cries . 
 i let her reach it , and she smothers its face in her cle ** age . 
 damn lucky elephant . 
 `` do n't touch him , '' she hisses . 
 `` he 's mine . '' 
 `` so ... '' i start . 
 skyla mentioned just before dinner she wanted to know why michelle miller harassed her at the mall today , claiming i gave her a special invite to the party . 
 i reach over and run my fingers through her hair , soft and slippery . 
 `` you want to know why i was at michelle 's . '' 
 i 'm not looking forward to any part of this conversation . 
 nor do i enjoy spending any of my time with `` michelle . '' 
 `` it 's none of my business where you go . '' 
 she glances at the door . 
 wonder if i locked it ? 
 `` i locked it . '' 
 i press out a quick smile . 
 maybe i can make her forget the entire michelle fiasco by way of my body . 
 but something in me already knows miller is going to be nothing short of a guillotine to this budding relationship . 
 `` no reason to . '' 
 she drills me with a look that could cut through diamonds . 
 a sigh of regret escapes me before i set out to explain myself . 
 `` michelle has something i want . '' 
 shit . 
 could i sound anymore elusive ? 
 `` i hear most girls do . '' 
 she wrinkles her nose in a pinch of jealousy . 
 `` not that . '' 
 damn , she 's cute when she 's ticked . 
 `` and no , most girls do n't . 
 you do . '' 
 i lean back and flash a mile-wide smile . 
 `` michelle has something else . 
 something nobody else could give me . '' 
 this time , i incited her a little for the hell of it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say . '' 
 `` say , '' she demands . 
 i kind of like her barking out orders , so i comply . 
 `` it 's something of chloe 's . '' 
 we 're traveling in the complete wrong direction-and for sure , it 's not a good omen to bring up chloe in the room i had her in . 
 `` who 's going to care ? '' 
 `` you 'll care-you may want it , '' i say , writhing for a way to turn this ship around and make this conversation about something else-us , preferably . 
 `` and i 'm pretty sure i 'll want to give it to you , at least in part . '' 
 i do n't think i could deny skyla a bottle of poison to drink if she asked for it . 
 `` okay '' - she exhales - `` anybody ever tell you that you talk in circles ? '' 
 she picks up my hand and interlaces our fingers , easy as breathing . 
 she 's relaxing , letting down her guard , and nothing in the world could make me happier . 
 `` are you sleeping with michelle ? '' 
 she asks without blinking . 
 `` no . '' 
 i fire back . 
 `` have you slept with michelle ? '' 
 `` almost , but that was months after chloe died , and i was a head case . '' 
 and right about now , i 'm thanking god i did n't cave . 
 `` did you sleep with chloe in my bedroom ? '' 
 she spits the words out like a round of bullets . 
 shit . 
 i lock onto her gaze , speechless , wishing i could turn back the clock and stop myself from the biggest mistake of my life . 
 `` yes . '' 
 it takes everything in me to push it out , and my heart breaks at how much i might have hurt her-how the horror of what happened , right here , encased in these four walls , might haunt her for a long time to come . 
 she backs the hell away and glares at me . 
 and there it is . 
 i lie down and cover my eyes with my arm . 
 how the hell did skyla messenger end up in chloe bishop 's bedroom ? 
 just what the f ** k are the odds ? 
 `` it 's not like you knew me then , '' she whispers , as if she were mournful that i did n't . 
 i wish i could make her understand that i would have given anything for it to have been her i shared that special moment with , not chloe , especially the way things turned out in the end . 
 `` just tell me about the touch , how we can hear . '' 
 she sounds exasperated , ready to boot me from her bed without so much as a kiss . 
 i glide my hand over her bare arm before replacing it by my side . 
 `` i think we should do this with words . '' 
 i press a finger over my lips , wishing i were touching hers instead . 
 `` afraid to let me in much ? '' 
 she says it like a dare . 
 i wonder what she would do if she knew i could withhold my thoughts from her at will-that i seem to hold a secret from her at every turn . 
 i doubt she 'd believe any of this was in her best interest . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` more like , afraid to hear you . '' 
 it comes out slow , measured . 
 `` it happened twice with chloe and me . 
 it was stupid . 
 chloe and i. . . '' 
 i wish i could take it all back , every last kiss . 
 `` she was n't the right person for me . '' 
 i interlace our fingers soft as feathers . 
 `` by the time she disappeared , we had already broken up , which put me at the top of the suspect list . '' 
 her eyes widen at the prospect . 
 `` tell me what michelle has . '' 
 she pleads , taking the spotlight off me as one of paragon 's most wanted , if only for a moment . 
 `` her diary . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 her forehead wrinkles with concern . 
 `` she left something in it for me . '' 
 i pull a bleak smile . 
 `` anyway , when i get it , you can read it if you like . '' 
 i pull her hand in close . 
 i would like that . 
 she nods into me , solemn-honest , and it evokes a smile from my lips . 
 `` so what about me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` this thing ? '' 
 i do n't want to talk about chloe anymore , like , ever . 
 `` this thing . '' 
 i give her fingers a gentle squeeze before she snatches her hand back . 
 `` you said your dad did it ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 my mom and sister ca n't . '' 
 `` your dad ever talk about his family ? 
 do you know them ? '' 
 i have a feeling her dad had a few secrets of his own . 
 `` just my grandma . 
 she lives in a nursing home back in l.a. my mother left her there to rot . '' 
 she sighs into the thought . 
 `` she ever talk about angels ? '' 
 `` all the time , but she 's senile . 
 the doctors said it was one of her fixations . 
 it was nonstop angels everyday , all the time . '' 
 `` well , she might not be as senile as everybody thinks . 
 the only other people that share our gift have nephilim blood in them . '' 
 `` nephilim ? '' 
 skyla leans back as if i were about to give her a rare disease . 
 `` angels who chose their lust for women over their desire to remain on the frontlines for god . 
 they came down and started families as if they were human . '' 
 `` are you saying i 'm part nephilim ? '' 
 skyla 's chest rises and falls at a quickened pace , and it makes me want to lay over her to keep her from jumping out of her skin . 
 `` i think so , but i 'll have to take a small vile of blood to be sure . '' 
 here 's hoping she is n't squeamish-but i 'd bet large bills she is . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? '' 
 she eyes the door like a caged animal . 
 `` i ca n't stand the sight of blood . '' 
 `` well then ... '' a silent laugh trembles from me . 
 `` you 'd make a lousy vampire . '' 
 i called squeamish . 
 `` and where do you send this vial ? 
 angels-r-us ? '' 
 `` my uncle runs the mortuary . 
 he has access to testing . '' 
 `` your uncle runs the mortuary ? 
 i thought your family ran the bowling alley . '' 
 i want to tell her it 's just the tip of the odd family iceberg , but do n't . 
 `` my father owned the bowling alley . 
 my uncle had it under management until he could pass it to me . 
 i 've been running it into the ground ever since i was fourteen . '' 
 i 'm not entirely sure why i did n't just dive in and explain to her about barron , my iffy past life , the fact i 'm technically gage 's uncle and another age entirely . 
 `` i never claimed to be good at anything . '' 
 and apparently disclosing vital info tops the list . 
 `` fourteen ? '' 
 her lips curve at the edges as if she secretly approves of my adolescent ability to gut myself financially . 
 `` i had help . 
 still do . 
 but back to the topic at hand . '' 
 i produce a bevy of third-world hospital equipment from deep in my pocket-a lighter , a scalpel , and a small glass vial to store her blood . 
 `` are you ready to get the answers you 've been looking for ? '' 
 skyla 's face turns ashen as though i had just powder-bombed her with my words . 
 her lips quiver out the idea of a smile . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes , '' i say , touching the scalpel to her skin . 
 i glance up at skyla as she closes her eyes . 
 she pulls back her neck and bites down on her bottom lip . 
 here i am , penetrating skyla messenger with what amounts to a rusty razor , and she looks as if she 's locked in passion-go figure . 
 i flick the vial until the dark fluid bubbles to the top before taking up her hand . 
 maybe next time we 'll get the penetration part right . 
 she opens an eye , looks at me , and we both share a laugh . 
 gage all the way home , logan is quiet . 
 we hang out downstairs , and i put on a movie , but neither of us seems too interested in it . 
 logan keeps spacing out , and i ca n't focus on anything but the inadvertent image i have stuck in my head of the two of them tumbling beneath the sheets . 
 `` so what happened tonight ? '' 
 i toss the bone out there to see if he 'll bite . 
 logan has never been shy to divulge details , but i already know this situation with skyla is different . 
 `` we hung out . 
 i got the blood for your dad . '' 
 he adjusts the pillow below his head and reverts his gaze to the television . 
 `` so that 's it ? 
 you hung out ? '' 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he glances over at me with a devilish grin playing on his lips . 
 knew it . 
 `` she kiss you ? '' 
 `` not tonight . '' 
 the words go through me like a spear . 
 who the hell am i kidding ? 
 i figured it happened that night at ellis 's , anyway . 
 it looks like logan and skyla are already in too deep . 
 just the idea of them sharing something intimate like a kiss lights me up like a flare-nothing but a blowtorch of jealousy . 
 `` i take that back . '' 
 he feigns a bored look , a classic signal that he plans on jerking me around . 
 `` there was penetration . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` no , really . 
 it happened-just me , skyla , and a needle . '' 
 i nail him in face with a pillow while he laughs his pretty boy ass off . 
 a tremble of laughter rails through me as i fill with relief . 
 not that i would peg skyla for someone who sleeps around , but this is logan we 're talking about . 
 he could do whatever he wants , with whomever he wants-or at least he 's convinced himself of this . 
 `` so , dude '' - he grinds his palm into his eye - `` you got ta let this go . 
 i 'm not joking . 
 look , i 'm trying to be as nice as possible . 
 the last thing i want is get into it with you because of some girl . '' 
 `` some girl ? 
 do you feel anything for her , or are you just introducing her to the island by way of your body ? '' 
 `` i care about her . '' 
 he sighs , locking eyes with me as if this were about to get serious and quick . 
 `` i want to know her better . 
 i feel something-there i said it . 
 but i know that you feel something , too , and this is going to suck in a big f ** king way if you do n't find someone else to set your sights on-like fantasy girl . '' 
 i lean back and take him in . 
 logan has always had everything handed to him-the bowling alley , the quarterback position , the girls . 
 of course , he 's eaten his fair share of a shit sandwich , too , like losing his parents . 
 but for some reason , fate has decided to compensate him with what amounts to the midas touch when it comes to everything else . 
 `` fantasy girl . '' 
 i murmur . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` focus on her . 
 your visions are never wrong . 
 you 've waited this long . 
 hell , you turned chloe down stone cold because of her . 
 i say hang tough , bro . 
 i have a feeling she 'll be showing up any day now . 
 rumor has it there are tons of new girls coming to west this year . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` you know what you should do ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i flat line . 
 i 'm just playing along at this point , but logan 's got his head tucked so far up his ass he does n't notice . 
 `` you should write her a poem or something . 
 you still keep that diary ? '' 
 `` journal-dude , it 's a journal . '' 
 `` good . 
 start journaling again , and get all your feelings down on paper . 
 that way , when she walks into your life , you can sit her down and read to her how much she means to you already . '' 
 `` she 'll think i 'm a stalker . '' 
 `` she 'll think you 're a sweet stalker . '' 
 i shake my head at his lunacy . 
 i 've kept a journal for as long as i remember . 
 i 've taken a stab or two at poetry , but i 'll be the last person to share that with logan . 
 god knows i 'd like to write a poem over skyla 's lips with mine . 
 `` who knows '' - logan pipes up again - `` you might even have her in a class or two next semester . '' 
 a class or two ... an idea comes to me , and i have a feeling it 's going to be far more effective than poetry . 
 6 logan my girl a grey , sterile sky throbs up above as a smattering of sprinkles fall over paragon . 
 the vault of heaven holds back its torrent of affection , teasing the parched soil just enough to make her want it , beg for it . 
 barron asked me to bring skyla by the morgue this afternoon . 
 barron wants to talk to her , clue her in gently as to the gravity of the situation . 
 gage was reluctant to cover my shift once he learned where i was headed . 
 it was n't so much the where as it was the with who . 
 it 's as if he 's afraid to help me out . 
 he thinks working the lanes at the bowling alley will somehow enable my relationship with her . 
 i was hoping i had drilled home the fact skyla and me are going to be together , that he should point his hard-on in another direction . 
 who the hell could have imagined that gage and i would be after the same girl ? 
 thank god skyla is n't confused over which one of us she wants to be with . 
 it 's just too damn bad gage is choosing to learn the hard way . 
 i give her hand a gentle squeeze as we walk past the cemetery into the long marbled halls of the mortuary . 
 she smiles up at me , but there 's a nervousness about her . 
 just being here freaks her out . 
 she 's already streamed a riot of protests in her mind , and i ca n't say i blame her . 
 hanging out with a bunch dead bodies is n't exactly high on my list of ways to kill an afternoon . 
 i put up the missile shield around my thoughts-only letting her in when i have to . 
 no point in making her listen to my nonsensical and oft sexually charged musings . 
 we step into barron 's office , bright and clean , the slight scent of vanilla warming the air . 
 `` skyla , this is my uncle barron , gage 's dad . '' 
 crap . 
 i need to stop mentioning gage in the event her affections decide to curve ball in his direction . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 she takes up his hand , still holding mine with the other . 
 he has a warm glow about him . 
 he 's tall and shares the same stunning blue eyes as gage . 
 gage ? 
 stunning blue eyes ? 
 my stomach pinches at the thought of skyla feeling anything for gage-for noticing those freakishly blue eyes god gifted him with , as if the dimples alone were n't enough to drop the ladies to their knees . 
 it 's one thing for gage to notice skyla , but it 's another animal for skyla to reciprocate . 
 i shake the thought away . 
 gage does have stunning eyes . 
 she was probably just making an observation . 
 barron motions for us to follow him down the hall . 
 `` come into the kitchen . '' 
 he holds the door open and we head inside the palatial room filled with machinery and a series of stainless bathtubs that house the most recent dearly departed . 
 skyla glances over at the covered body lying in state , and her face bleeds out all color . 
 `` chin up , '' barron barks . 
 `` sorry '' - he offers a brief smile - `` i 'm short on smelling salts . '' 
 `` no , it 's okay , '' she whispers like it 's not . 
 i hand barron the vial from my pocket . 
 `` you have any other gifts ? '' 
 he asks , observing the sanguine plasma in the light . 
 skyla gazes into the vial and loses herself in the necrotic color , black as midnight with the hint of a crimson hue . 
 `` gifts ? '' 
 barron addresses skyla once again , awaiting his answer . 
 other than the mind reading , i tell her . 
 `` um , no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 do you ? '' 
 she looks at me confused by the conversation . 
 `` a few . '' 
 although , i 'm not eager to share . 
 some of my gifts are rare and others are from another faction all together . 
 i do n't think we 're ready to go there yet , maybe not ever . 
 `` what you have , skyla , is a ` unique ' gift . '' 
 barron gets right down to brass tacks . 
 `` it 's the trademark of a special faction of nephilim known as celestra . '' 
 `` celestra . '' 
 she annunciates it slowly , and i memorize how she looks when she says it . 
 discovering who you are for the very first time is monumental . 
 this is a paramount moment in her existence , and i 'm not sure she fully grasps it-but i 'll be sure to cherish it . 
 it was as if i 'd heard her first word . 
 it sounded sensual coming from her lips , sexual . 
 `` most nephilim around these parts are levatio , '' barron continues . 
 `` once in a while , you roll the genetic dice and you get a win . '' 
 `` a win ? '' 
 she looks amused . 
 `` celestra is the highest order of earthbound angels . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` they have the ability to rule and other amazing gifts that have left them the most loathed faction this side of the universe . '' 
 `` loathed , as in hated ? '' 
 she glares over at me as if i 'd personally put her in this predicament-and maybe in a way , i did . 
 `` yes '' - barron continues unfazed by the horror on her face - `` they 're also nearly extinct . 
 then there 's the countenance faction-we refer to them as the counts for short . 
 they cover the earth like vermin , demanding money from everyone like the world owes it to them . '' 
 `` sounds like a twisted form of government . '' 
 skyla relaxes against me . 
 `` oh , they have their claws in that , too , '' he assures . 
 `` they 're everywhere . '' 
 `` so why are the celestra nearly extinct ? '' 
 skyla is catching on quickly , and she 's beginning to smell the danger . 
 barron and i exchange looks . 
 `` because , my love '' - barron leans in to make his point - `` the counts have made it their mission to have them eradicated . '' 
 skyla spears me with a look . 
 her thoughts spin out of control , splintering into a tornado of worry , of fury , a palpable fear that makes me regret ever mentioning the word nephilim in her presence . 
 she darts her gaze to the four corners of the room . 
 we 've caged her in with the truth , and now there 's no escape . 
 we could never undo the damage , never take back the reality she 's been a part of all along . 
 `` do i have a mark on my head ? '' 
 she clutches onto me as if she 's afraid she 'll float away , drift into yet another reality that 's even darker than this one . 
 `` did they kill my dad ? 
 your parents ? '' 
 shit . 
 i glance up at barron and beg him not to do it . 
 i 'm officially putting a moratorium on any crap that flies from my mouth concerning the factions and the body count they tend to elicit . 
 `` yes . '' 
 barron answers without skipping a beat . 
 `` mostly likely yes , and definitely yes . '' 
 he looks over at her from the top of his glasses . 
 `` once logan 's parents produced a near pure celestra , they could n't let them breed anymore . '' 
 barron nods as though it were the most banal truth , and in our world it more than is . 
 one ; celestra is f ** king unlucky . 
 and two ; a pair of celestra declaring their love for one another are nothing less than damned-living on the fumes of their existence until the counts decide to pull the plug . 
 `` and my dad ? '' 
 skyla touches her chest . 
 her father 's image filters through her mind in a series of precious memories . 
 her love for him floods her emotions as her eyes moisten with tears . 
 `` he produced you . '' 
 barron gives a solemn nod . 
 `` but there 's also the chance he was killed for his standing . 
 you mentioned your sister does n't seem to have this ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 i 'm pretty sure she does n't . 
 i 've tested her on many occasions , holding her hand while thinking the most outlandish things , just trying to get a rise out of her . 
 if she can hear me , and she 's hiding the fact , she deserves an oscar every year for the rest of her life . 
 `` perhaps the counts do n't know about you yet . '' 
 barron looks unconvinced of this . 
 as if he were merely trying to calm her when both he and i know this is nothing short of a lie . 
 `` but they will . 
 they have a strong sense of smell when it comes to these things . 
 do n't be remiss , they will kill if they feel you 're a threat . '' 
 `` well , i 'm not a threat . '' 
 a smile appears and disappears from her lips . 
 `` you might be . '' 
 he taps her on the head and offers a sad smile in my direction before leaving the room . 
 `` is everything going to be okay , logan ? '' 
 skyla looks up at me as if she would believe anything i said . 
 i try to figure out a way to sugarcoat the truth but come up with nothing but a stack of lies . 
 i touch my fingers to the soft skin of her cheek and soak in her beauty , her innocence . 
 everything in me wants to protect skyla . 
 no matter what it costs , no matter how many sacrifices have to be made , i promise to always make sure she 's safe , that she 's more than loved . 
 but i do n't tell her that . 
 i do n't let her into my thoughts to share the sentiment . 
 no-the less skyla knows , the better she 'll sleep at night . 
 `` i do n't know , skyla , '' i whisper , pulling her in . 
 my arms settle around her hips as she presses her body into mine . 
 it feels good like this , holding skyla in the middle of the spiritual storm brewing around us . 
 we stand there in the morgue with its sour scents and rotting corpses , holding each other for a very long time . 
 `` all i know is , at this moment , '' i whisper , warming my lips over her ear , `` all is right with the world . '' 
 *** skyla and i head out to the cemetery , where the grass cuts through the rocks set in longitudinal patterns . 
 the sun has managed to break through the haze , and you can see the gravestones glittering for miles . 
 we take a seat on the south side that affords the best view of the emerald-flocked hillside . 
 i pull her hand to my mouth and press in with a kiss before diving into anything too deep . 
 `` we do n't always know who they are , '' i say , trickling out just enough information . 
 as much as i 'd like to never mention it again , she needs to know the basic danger , the rules of the game-after all , having celestra blood makes you a major player by default . 
 `` who else is nephilim , besides you and gage ? '' 
 `` i just know us , '' i say it hushed , like a secret , in the event those around us who are long dead and buried were somehow listening in . 
 `` there are a few people my uncle 's age . 
 i only know this because they hold council meetings . 
 once in a while , the meetings are on paragon . 
 when you reach the age of enlightenment , they graft you in-tell you all their secrets . '' 
 i try to make light of it by wiggling my fingers . 
 `` it 's sort of the big reveal . '' 
 `` why this certain age ? 
 they do n't trust us because we 're young ? '' 
 `` ageist bastards . '' 
 i push into her playfully . 
 it 's easy like this with skyla , nothing but open country , and her killer smile that makes my body quake . 
 `` so how old do you have to be to know everything ? '' 
 she wants this knowledge . 
 she 's hungry for poison , and does n't even know it . 
 `` thirty . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 she pushes her shoulder into mine . 
 you may as well not know anything if you have to wait all the way until you 're thirty . 
 thirty is practically on the verge of senility . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 thirty . 
 most celestra die by then . 
 do n't worry , you and i will make it . 
 i have a strong assurance of this . '' 
 i pause shy of mentioning the blue-eyed sage . 
 `` and how , pray tell , do you know ? '' 
 if his goal was to comfort me , he succeeded . 
 it feels as though a giant casket has been lifted off my chest . 
 she twitches a smile , and a slight dimple forms in the shape of a perfect comma . 
 i can feel his name trying to wrestle past my vocal cords . 
 i do n't really see the harm , so i give it . 
 `` because gage told me . '' 
 i take in her reaction . 
 her face smooths out when i say his name , but i ca n't tell if it means anything significant . 
 `` he knows things . 
 that 's his gift . '' 
 `` when did he say this ? '' 
 she gives my hand a gentle squeeze , prompting me to continue . 
 `` the day before i met you . '' 
 i push the words out slow and measured . 
 i leave out the fact he said this was the girl , the celestra that was going to change my life forever . 
 gage knew , and gage is never wrong . 
 the wind sweeps away the haze and reveals the world in all its crispness . 
 the hills and the cemetery take on hard contours that hold something sharp and dangerous in their newfound glory . 
 the gravestones flicker with movement under the supervision of the sun like a thousand lost souls trying to get the attention of a passerby . 
 skyla leans into me . 
 i could n't think of a better place to be than sitting in a cemetery with my favorite angel right by my side . 
 `` me , neither . '' 
 i rub my shoulder over hers and trace out her features with my eyes . 
 skyla is a jewel , so rare and beautiful that a part of me is afraid for her-of her . 
 i press my lips over hers , and every cell in my body sings . 
 her tongue swipes softly over mine , and i reciprocate the effort . 
 then something in her shifts , and she 's hungry for me in an all new way . 
 skyla dives down over me with a passion that lets me know gage is far removed from the picture . 
 her mouth ca n't get enough as she pours out all her affection for me . 
 we kiss for weeks while the cemetery flashes its approval , lighting up like the las vegas strip at midnight as the markers of those long departed spasm in the sun . 
 this is bliss . 
 this is ordained from above . 
 i can feel it . 
 gage was right . 
 skyla and i most definitely have a future with one another . 
 we 're going to live to a ripe old age , together . 
 happily ever after starts right here , right now . 
 gage in the late afternoon , the bowling alley has a rhythm all its own-the whir of the balls rushing the lanes , the whack of the pins , the measured laughter sprinkled in like a chorus . 
 logan struts by , emanating my least favorite sound on the planet , his happy-go-lucky-i 've - got-skyla-under-my-thumb whistle . 
 he leans in , snatches the glass cleaner from between my legs , and pops up beside me with that shrill sound still flying from his lips . 
 `` you mind ? '' 
 i say , slamming the register shut . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 next time , i 'll just knock you out of the way . 
 but it 's more action than you 've had in a year , right ? 
 so you should probably thank me . '' 
 he smears it with a loose shit-eating grin . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 i fold my arms across my chest . 
 i suppose he 's quantifying chloe as action , although nothing ever happened there . 
 logan tries to circle around me , but i block his path . 
 `` so how 's she taking it ? 
 the fact she might be a celestra . '' 
 i whisper in the event someone hears . 
 just mentioning the word celestra is like grabbing a tiger by the tail . 
 the counts love to smear celestra blood around with the bottom of their shoes . 
 logan darts a quick glance past my shoulder . 
 `` she 's confused , '' he whispers . 
 `` results are n't in yet but i still feel the need to take her down that road slowly . 
 you know-keep her on a need-to-know basis or her head might explode . 
 so do n't go blabbing anything off . 
 i need to keep her safe . '' 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 i 'm pretty damn sure i 'm not a part of it , but i 'm willing to listen to how `` he '' plans to protect her and which body part might be involved . 
 `` the plan is to keep her busy with the task at hand . '' 
 he taps his chest while that signature lewd grin takes over . 
 figures-condoms are his first line of defense . 
 i cast a glance at the floor . 
 school starts in a few weeks , and by then , logan and skyla will have more than cemented their social standing as a couple . 
 the door is quickly closing on any chance i might have with her . 
 i should just tell him she 's the girl from my visions and mention the fact he might want to back the hell off , but something is n't sitting right with me . 
 `` hey , you okay ? '' 
 he rattles my shoulder like he 's trying to wake me from a bad dream . 
 little does he know , he 's the one who 's morphed into my worst nightmare . 
 `` i 'm great-just did one too many push-ups today gearing up for the big season . 
 i think first games against east . '' 
 `` we 'll kill 'em . '' 
 he looks past my shoulder . 
 `` bree better show soon . 
 she was supposed to start fifteen minutes ago . 
 i 'll cover the shoes until she gets here . '' 
 `` you do that . 
 i 'm off the clock , boss . 
 i 'm out of here . '' 
 `` go for it . '' 
 he socks me in the arm just enough to make it hurt . 
 `` do n't worry about the game . 
 we 're destined to win . 
 remember-when the olivers go after what they want , they always get it . '' 
 logan jumps over the counter with a whistle on his lips , and i shake my head at how quickly everything 's falling to shit . 
 i wanted to say , what happens when two oliver 's want the very same thing ? 
 what then , genius ? 
 *** outside , it 's hotter than an overheated engine . 
 i lean up against the truck and give a sharp whistle for nev. . 
 it takes a minute for his dark plumes to cover the sky , gliding across the vanilla expanse like a primitive-looking kite . 
 i flick my finger in the air and hop into the truck . 
 i do n't know where skyla messenger is on this island , but i 'm sure as hell about to find out . 
 nevermore leads me down the main stretch of highway with traffic backed bumper-to-bumper , no thanks to the endless roadwork paragon seems to demand . 
 all of those dreams-the endless visions cycle through my mind . 
 skyla and i holding hands , rolling around on a black sand beach , skyla dressed as a french maid , kissing me like she means it-the courthouse scene where the judge pronounces us man and wife . 
 that 's my favorite , outside of the juicier ones that double as p ** n . 
 nevertheless , i like the idea of ending up with skyla-skyla as my wife one day , in the not-so distant future . 
 a horn goes off behind me , and i scoot through the intersection , following nev all the way to the mall . 
 `` mall , huh ? '' 
 i say , pulling into a parking spot near the front . 
 i could n't think of a better place to `` accidentally '' bump into someone . 
 i get out of the truck and watch as nev loops around the food court . 
 i never did appreciate the fact it was an outdoor mall , since it usually rains twenty-four seven , but for today 's stalker-esque purposes , i could n't think of a more brilliant design . 
 i navigate my way through the sparse crowd and spot them sitting at a table . 
 and there she is . 
 skyla sits with brielle beneath a big umbrella , playing with the cup in her hand . 
 every now and again , she glances around with a nervous look . 
 perfect . 
 as if brielle has n't spooked her enough with all that talk about chloe , logan had to join in on the fun and let her know she 's got a bull 's - eye on her back . 
 i do n't need any test results to let me know she 's the celestra i dreamed about for logan . 
 too bad for him our dream girls are one in the same-i know for a fact that she ends up with me . 
 i duck behind an overgrown plant and watch as nev oversteps his bound by landing too close to her . 
 `` i see her , dude-split , '' i whisper , but nev does n't twitch a feather . 
 looks like nev has decided to hop on board the freak-skyla-out express . 
 maybe it 's a good thing . 
 maybe she needs someone around who can calm the storm-someone who has no intention of rocking the boat-like me . 
 okay . 
 here it goes . 
 a flood of nerves bum-rush my stomach . 
 i feel like i should be hitting the nearest restroom , definitely not continuing toward skyla and bree , but my feet wo n't stop moving . 
 i bypass a swarm of kids running through the fountainheads that shoot out of the concrete . 
 the water spouts to life behind skyla like she 's some ethereal princess , and i 'm betting she is . 
 `` oh , thank god . '' 
 brielle jumps at the sight of me and wraps her arms around my waist so tight that for a second i think she 's having some kind of seizure . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 skyla 's face brightens when she sees me . 
 her eyes cut a quick glance over my shoulder on the lookout for yet another oliver . 
 my heart drops like a brick at the realization it 's logan she was hoping to see . 
 not me , never me . 
 it 's becoming painfully clear i 've spent the last few years lusting after logan 's future wife . 
 apparently , i 've `` conveniently '' deposited myself in his visions . 
 `` you 're late for your shift . '' 
 i say it casually to bree , as if i were n't secretly thrilled to be rid of her . 
 `` oh , shit ! 
 i 'm so sorry ! 
 we have to go . '' 
 she snatches up the bags like a hostage situation were about to erupt . 
 `` hang out for a minute . '' 
 i nod over to skyla . 
 `` i can give you a ride . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she says it low as if she was n't really convinced she wanted to `` hang out for a minute '' with me . 
 and really ? 
 i can give you a ride ? 
 word choice ? 
 if i start lacing everything i say with innuendo she 's going to think i 'm a predator in the making . 
 but i swear she has the power to make my vocal cords go off on their own . 
 i snatch up brielle 's unfinished ice cream and plunge a spoonful in my mouth to keep from saying another stupid thing . 
 `` drive careful , '' she shouts to brielle as she bolts into the lot . 
 skyla looks over at me from under her lashes . 
 her cheeks come to life with color as she absorbs my features , and that very shade of red glossing the apples of her cheeks gives me far more hope than any of those visions right about now . 
 i do believe skyla messenger is blushing and its all for me . 
 my adrenaline kicks in , swelling my ego to the moon and back . 
 skyla looks like a beauty queen with her shorts cut off just past her hips . 
 from this vantage point , she looks naked from the waist down and my imagination fires up like a midnight showing at a triple-x theater . 
 she parts her legs just enough , as if teasing me , and i ca n't help but notice the trace of darkness near her inner thigh . 
 holy shit . 
 my jaw goes slack as the spoon slips from my mouth . 
 the testosterone rises in my boxers , and i wish to god brielle had left one of those bags around so i could enjoy the view without reservation . 
 `` is logan here ? '' 
 she asks , sucking the feel-good vibes right out of the air . 
 i slink down in my chair a notch with my hard-on losing all hope of ever being alleviated . 
 `` i 'm not good enough ? '' 
 i try to make it sound light , sarcastic , but miss by a miserable mile . 
 great . 
 i 'm pretty sure my dick and i should pack it up and head on home . 
 `` of course you 're good enough . '' 
 she bites down on her lip as if my comment amused her on some level . 
 `` it 's just , you 're not logan . '' 
 and there it is-the pin that managed to deflate my ego right along with my budding erection . 
 i glide my eyes over her , up and down . 
 this is it-skyla is destined to be logan 's girlfriend-hell , wife-unless of course , i think fast on my feet and do something to ensure some of those visions come true for me as well . 
 something tells me that one-on-one time with skyla is going to get scarcer in the very near future if logan has anything to say about it . 
 she clears her throat and sharpens those diamond-cut eyes . 
 `` you always rude like that ? '' 
 skyla does n't bother to hide her annoyance with me . 
 shit . 
 could i f ** k this up any faster ? 
 `` i 'm not trying to be rude . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 quick , change the freaking subject-change the subject . 
 `` heard my dad 's looking into things for you . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm pretty excited . 
 i 've never thought about myself as an angel before . 
 more like the opposite . '' 
 she shoves a giant heap of ice cream in her mouth and gives an impish grin . 
 `` well , you 're definitely an angel . '' 
 my body has testified to that all night long on many occasions . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` and you know this because ? '' 
 by the sheer volume of wet dreams she 's sponsored , but i do n't say that . 
 `` it 's my gift . '' 
 `` oh , logan mentioned it , '' she whispers , as if others might here . 
 she leans in , suddenly interested in my presence , but i do n't mind . 
 i 'll rattle off vision after vision if it keeps her by my side . 
 `` he said you told him we were n't going to die until a ripe old age . '' 
 figures . 
 logan 's already bonding with her on a `` we '' level , and he 's using me as the vehicle to do it . 
 `` yeah , well , do n't go doing anything stupid like standing in front of a train . '' 
 i throw in the warning in the event she 's feeling immortal . 
 `` just because you 're going to live does n't mean you ca n't do it as a vegetable . '' 
 i would n't mind if logan turned into a vegetable-at least temporarily . 
 not that the celestial spotlight shinning down on him would ever permit it . 
 he 's been shitting proverbial gold bricks for as long as i can remember . 
 `` right . '' 
 she says it full of sarcasm , her mouth rounding out like i 've just cemented my scary oliver status . 
 `` i know something else about you . '' 
 it flies from my mouth unsupervised , desperate . 
 nevermore plops down by my side and lets out a vicious scream . 
 what the hell , nev ? 
 i shoot him a wild look that spells out frying pan in so many different ways . 
 `` oh , my god ! '' 
 skyla clutches at her chest and shrieks . 
 `` make it go away . '' 
 she claps her hands over her cheeks and huddles with fear . 
 nice going , nev. . 
 she 'll have real fond memories of this non-date we 're having , where not only do i manage to tick her off , but a bird the size of a tricycle threatens to eat her for dinner . 
 i tick my finger to the sky , and nev shoots into the stratosphere like a missile . 
 i 'll deal with his feathered ass later . 
 obviously , i need to create boundaries , or skyla might go rogue and nail him in the head with a rock . 
 skyla 's mouth falls open as she catches her breath . 
 `` you made it do that , did n't you ? '' 
 she marvels . 
 `` i did . '' 
 maybe that 's how i can captivate her attention-party tricks . 
 a sleight of hand every now and again , a teleportation or two . 
 but with my luck , she probably just wants to run home and de-feather herself . 
 `` so ... '' she soaks me in like she 's memorizing my features . 
 `` what is it that you know ? '' 
 there 's a wonder in her eyes i do n't ever want to extinguish . 
 `` i know you 're going to marry me some day . '' 
 the world stills . 
 the mall and all of its patrons disappear . 
 there 's only skyla and me , sharing a truth that will one day come to fruition . 
 she pushes her head back a notch , as if i 've just verbally assaulted her . 
 her lips quiver , and she winces like she 's intrigued , or pissed-either , or . 
 `` well ... '' she shakes her head at the absurdity i 've just laid before her . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 and there you have it . 
 i 've successfully shot myself in the foot and , inadvertently , the heart . 
 why not finish the job with another one of my so-called truths ? 
 `` you will . '' 
 7 logan poetry in motion i 'm lost in a blissful dream , skyla and me in a tangle of limbs , when i 'm interrupted by a violent burst of sunshine . 
 gage treks out of the room after committing the solar felony , and i throw my pillow at him , nailing him in the back of the head . 
 it 's the same crap he used to pull when we were little-opening my curtains on the rare morning the sun has the balls to show , waking me up out of a dead sleep . 
 `` get the hell out of my room , '' i groan , trying to bury my head in the crook of my arm . 
 the covers are off , and my boxers are pitched like a tent . 
 he does n't say anything , just stomps down the hall with those cinder blocks he calls feet . 
 i jump out of bed and hit the shower . 
 by the time i get dressed and head downstairs , a fogbank has seeped over the island , and all is right with the world . 
 `` morning ! '' 
 emma sings , while gage and barron discuss something at the breakfast nook . 
 `` morning . '' 
 i bullet toward the fridge , but she herds me in the direction of the table with a plate at the ready . 
 gage leans back and inspects me with a look of insolence as i take a seat . 
 i do n't say a word , just bow my head for a moment of gratitude before digging into my food . 
 `` rough night ? '' 
 gage asks with the faint hint of piss and vinegar layered beneath his paltry concern . 
 i doubt gage is too broken up over the fact he interrupted my early morning fantasy where i was in the middle of some serious cardio with skyla . 
 the scene comes back to me in detail-the butterfly room , nothing but a tangle of flesh and limbs-and my lips twitch a dirty smile . 
 `` what 's with the tension , boys ? '' 
 barron singes the two of us with his salt and pepper brows . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i shrug as if i did n't suspect gage and his perpetual hard-on for skyla . 
 i thought he 'd get over her by now . 
 i thought he loosened up the obsession until bree informed me he gave skyla a ride home from the mall yesterday . 
 i know what kind of ride gage would prefer to give her , and it has nothing to do with those underinflated tires sitting in the driveway . 
 `` there 's definitely something going on . '' 
 emma takes a seat next to my well-aged brother whom i 've grown accustomed to as my uncle-heck , my father . 
 `` is this about a girl ? '' 
 her hand crops up around her neck , and for a second , i 'm afraid she 'll choke herself . 
 god knows there 's not a girl on the planet that will ever be good enough for sweet baby gage . 
 i do n't say anything , just sink in my seat and drill a cold look into my nephew-waiting for him to affirm or deny the theory . 
 barron huffs a laugh . 
 `` the silence suggests nothing less . 
 who is she ? '' 
 `` skyla messenger , '' i offer . 
 `` my girlfriend . '' 
 `` gage ! '' 
 emma jumps in her seat . 
 `` do n't dream for a minute of letting a girl come between the two of you . 
 remember what happened with that bishop girl ? 
 then she disappeared . '' 
 i 'm not sure what she means by , `` then she disappeared . '' 
 unless , of course , she 's implying that she herself offed chloe and hid the body in order to protect her offspring from potential girl parts . 
 if that 's the case , i could 've used a little help from emma myself . 
 chloe latched onto my balls in front of everyone at west and plucked them off like apples in the fall . 
 i 'm sorry about whatever happened to chloe , though-wish i could have stopped it . 
 gage shifts in his seat . 
 `` i do n't think we need to talk about this . '' 
 `` gage '' - barron 's voice dips into his i 'm - about-to-school-you register - `` if logan here is dating a young lady , i think you should be a gentleman and step aside . 
 give them some space . '' 
 `` yes , gage , '' i say , knocking my foot into his shin with a little celestra missile guidance . 
 `` give us some space . '' 
 i try to bury a laugh as he writhes at the other end of the table , probably more from the thought of losing skyla than the gnarly charley horse i 've just inflicted . 
 `` someone else will come along . '' 
 emma does a poor job of hiding her relief . 
 `` when it 's the right girl , nothing-not even logan-will be able to stop it from happening . '' 
 she winks over at me . 
 i flex my hands in surrender . 
 `` who am i to stand in the way of destiny ? '' 
 funny how mr. dimples suddenly forgot about his imaginary girlfriend . 
 he could have had chloe every day of the week and twice on sunday if he were n't saving himself for that figment of his x-rated imagination . 
 i tried to warn him not to read too much into those visions of his . 
 i specifically told him that crap has a way of cementing itself into your head-leaves you believing weird stuff , like mrs. right is going to stroll into your life one day out of the blue-sort of like skyla did for me . 
 it 's pretty amazing when you think about it . 
 everything about skyla is pretty amazing . 
 `` you 're right , mom . '' 
 gage hardens his glare in my direction . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure when destiny places me in someone 's life , there wo n't be a darn thing logan can do to stop it . '' 
 he pounds me with those brooding eyes , as if destiny has already laid out the cards for him , shown him a full house with a beauty queen on top . 
 a cold surge rips through me . 
 he does n't think it 's skyla , does he ? 
 i 'll have to squash his misinformed fantasy before he gets his interpretations crossed with my brand-new girlfriend . 
 skyla is going to be my wife one day-i can feel it . 
 he said himself that a celestra was going to fill those shoes . 
 hopefully soon , we 'll have confirmation that skyla is the celestra in question . 
 gage has always been better than a brother to me . 
 i 'd hate for there to be permanent weirdness between us . 
 i should probably pay miller a couple grand to lure him away during harrison 's next unholy gathering-get his mind twisting in other carnal directions . 
 i 'll have him declaring michelle miller the girl of his wet dreams before homecoming . 
 i raise a glass of o.j. over to gage . 
 `` i give destiny full permission to intercede . '' 
 gage offers up a fist bump and sharpens his features as we connect . 
 it 's on bro . 
 a smile slopes up the side of his face and that ditch in his cheek winks at me . 
 it 's on ? 
 i give a little laugh . 
 i 'd say , ` bring it , ' but something in me knows he 's more than capable . 
 nope . 
 i do n't like this one f ** king bit . 
 gage grey , looming clouds are stamped out across the sky in dismal rows like prisoners awaiting execution . 
 the heat and humidity have reached a pinnacle , reducing the house to a brick oven , so i throw on my swim trunks and grab my journal before heading out to the pool . 
 charlie , our yellow lab , heads over as i take off my shirt and lie down on my stomach near the deep end . 
 i dip my foot in the glacial water in an attempt to keep cool . 
 usually , i keep my journal tucked under my sweatshirts on the top shelf in the closet . 
 i do n't know what logan would do if he ever found it-probably laugh his ass off just before he started in on distribution . 
 i shake my head at the thought . 
 there 's no way logan would ever do that . 
 he 's an old soul , literally , and no matter how hard he razzes me-he cares about me like a brother . 
 i thumb through the pencil sketches of skyla i 've traced out over the years . 
 i wanted a snapshot from those dreams , something to remember her by in the event she ever walked into my life . 
 i did n't want to forget her . 
 the dreams , the visions are unpredictable . 
 you never know when they 'll creep up on you-if they 'll be back . 
 i 've logged each one in detail . 
 charlie circles in front of me , slobbering and panting , before sitting with his back to my face , so i push his hind end a little further south . 
 there 's a reason he 's earned the nickname `` the gas bag . '' 
 the oven-heated breeze picks up and flips the pages over to a section marked off for poetry . 
 i 'm not a poet-not even close-but lately when i think of skyla , i let the words run around the page and bleed out my emotions with ink . 
 setting my thoughts free like that has proved the equivalent of making love to her on paper . 
 it 's intimate , soul searing , nothing but lust-driven passion molded with this unknowably deep affection i feel for her . 
 logan zips through my mind with his ironic grin , his nails-on-a-chalkboard whistle . 
 i 'm in so deep with skyla that a part of me feels like the biggest damn fool for ever letting her into my heart . 
 the poems catch my attention . 
 most of them have been written since she 's come to paragon : i 've seen the future ; the shadowed heart ; the order of love and seasons . 
 a quiet laugh rumbles through me . 
 i wrote that last one the night before i met her at the bowling alley . 
 the order of love and seasons the visions speak loudly and with good reason . 
 all things come in the right season . 
 passion fills the air like haze , in those heated , sentimental days . 
 i 've seen the future i dreamed the future and it was you . 
 the scent of your beauty , like morning rain , eyes like glass-your smile to heaven stays true . 
 life without you transcends pain . 
 i 've seen the future and it was you . 
 this for certain i know to be true . 
 nothing can satisfy , only you . 
 that one sucked . 
 the shadowed heart black sand beaches that pull us in , nights of passion laced with sin . 
 skin , smooth and pale , a beautiful flower , my mouth dips down inch by inch , hour by hour . 
 a honeyed trail , so sweet on my tongue but it 's a phantom 's choir-never been sung . 
 the rejection i held a pocketful of promises like they were an assurance . 
 but your affection was withheld from me , your kisses never an occurrence . 
 were these dreams nothing but a rich delusion ? 
 my heart , the new-found babylon , was the only logical conclusion . 
 i had prized myself intellectual , sensible , discerning . 
 but cerebral knowledge could not quench this powerful yearning . 
 you alone are the elixir to heal this broken heart . 
 your rejection of my desire has torn my world apart . 
 i was a mastermind at my own deception . 
 for my love , there was no reception . 
 the solicitor were these prognostications nothing but lies to quell the intense desire to have you ? 
 passion rises in me , consummate and urgent . 
 time has brought you by my side , and still you refuse me . 
 i believe this too shall pass . 
 you will love me-passion will rise from you , consummate and urgent . 
 i stop there and shut the book-close my eyes a minute and feel the heat pressing down over my sore back . 
 push-ups . 
 i was n't killing myself with push-ups yesterday because of any impending showdown on the football field with east , that 's for damn sure . 
 it was all i could do to get my mind off the idea of skyla melting over logan 's body . 
 he mentioned they were heading out to the falls today . 
 that 's where they are right now , probably skinny-dipping . 
 looks like logan is the one who gets to run his tongue over her honeyed skin . 
 i do n't understand this . 
 i snatch at the journal , and it takes everything in me not to submerge it underwater , drowning all of those carnal and spiritual inclinations i 've poured into logan 's girlfriend for the last few years in a fit of misplaced hormonal lust . 
 damn . 
 how could i be so stupid ? 
 i start in on a series of push-ups . 
 the burn in my abs is about as welcome as swallowing a sword , but i force myself to blow through the pain for five minutes straight . 
 `` shit , '' i pant , collapsing on the heated edge of the pool . 
 skyla winks at me from behind my eyelids , and i do n't fight it , just keep my eyes closed and go along with wherever the fantasy wants to lead . 
 i do n't give a flying f ** k right now whether or not i 've made a mistake . 
 a part of me knows i have n't - that it 's going to be skyla and me in the end . 
 a scene blinks through my mind , in and out like a movie reel . 
 a building crops up with the signage partially blocked by a pine tree but i can still make out the word : hotel . 
 a dark room appears . 
 the curtains glow orange , and a seam of light outlines the window . 
 it 's daylight out , but the shades are drawn . 
 i can feel the room , the heat inside like that of this sweltering day . 
 skyla steps in front of me , and there i am , pulling the t-shirt right off her body . 
 she reaches over , looking at me like i 've cast a spell on her , and snatches off my shirt , digs her fingers into the rim of my jeans , and i help her speed them off like they were on fire . 
 in two seconds flat , i 'm in my birthday suit , but i 'm much slower to take her clothes off . 
 instead , i pull her in by the face and kiss her as if i were singing a song directly into her mouth . 
 i reach back and unhitch her bra , and it drops to the floor like an erotic promise . 
 her bare chest rakes over my skin , and i groan both in and out of my fantasy . 
 i unbuckle her jeans , and she helps shake them off , taking her underwear right along with them-hell , if she was wearing any . 
 skyla presses her heated flesh against mine , and an invisible blaze envelops the room . 
 a shower of ecstasy rains down over us with just one magical touch from the girl i 've desperately come to love . 
 it 's a given that it 's our first time . 
 something in me innately knows this . 
 her mouth rakes over mine and sends my erection brushing against her thigh . 
 i walk her back toward the bed , never unleashing our tongues , our bodies fused together at the stomach . 
 i need her right f ** king now . 
 i need to bury myself inside her , and as soon as i do , i 'm going come for weeks , for years . 
 my body will never be the same-every other experience i 'll ever have on this spinning rock will pale in comparison . 
 i 'll forever hold each glorious moment that life has to offer up to this one , and already i know they will never measure up . 
 it 's just skyla and me , drinking down our eternal love for one other , never letting go , never wanting to . 
 she lies back , and i land gently on top of her . 
 it never occurred to me i could kill her , crush her lungs if i lay my full weight over her thin frame , so i lean up on my elbows , dousing her face with the blowtorch coming from my mouth . 
 skyla wraps her legs around my back and touches me . 
 her cool hands run up and down my dick , and i let out a ragged breath , barely able to control myself . 
 i dive a kiss into her mouth as she guides me in , so f ** king wet and tight i 'm going to die . 
 i open my eyes and gasp for air as paragon reconstructs itself around me . 
 the house , the sky , the evergreens that line the property , spin like a top . 
 i roll over and fall into the pool , letting myself sink as far as the icy water will allow in hopes to deflate this eifel tower of a hard-on . 
 skyla messenger-you are going to be the end of me . 
 the best part is , this was no reckless fantasy-no ordinary wet daydream-that was a bona fide vision . 
 and that for damn sure was n't logan making love to skyla . 
 it was me . 
 8 logan revelation the sky bubbles and brews in an entire rainbow of blacks and greys , threatening to ruin the perfect outing i have planned with skyla . 
 i called earlier and asked if she 'd spend the afternoon with me . 
 thankfully , she said yes . 
 gage has me rattled with his `` it 's on '' comment this morning at breakfast . 
 what 's on ? 
 does he really think he 's going to steal skyla ? 
 what the f ** k ? 
 is n't there some kind of guy code we should be discussing that strictly stipulates not going after another guy 's girl ? 
 skyla is into me , and i 'm definitely into her . 
 this is n't up for discussion . 
 i 'll make it clear when i get home that he needs to find another female to sniff around , because the only one who 's pressing his nose-or other body part-to skyla , is me . 
 besides , once barron certifies the fact that she 's celestra , gage will see she 's the girl for me and back off . 
 i shake my head as i come upon skyla 's house . 
 gage has never been wrong before so of course he 'll back down when i give him the facts . 
 but my gut tells me he wo n't . 
 skyla waves from the bottom of the driveway as i pull alongside the curb . 
 the fog washes over her , making her look like a dream within a dream . 
 she beams that beautiful smile and melts every part of me , evaporates gage and his prognosticating dimples right out of existence-for now , anyway . 
 `` hey , you ! '' 
 she opens the door and struggles to hop in . 
 my stomach clenches at the sight of her . 
 i 'm the luckiest dog alive to be spending the afternoon-hell , any part of the day with skyla i 'm - a-goddess messenger . 
 `` i would have come around to help you , '' i say , as she struggles her way inside . 
 `` no worries . '' 
 she snatches at my fingers just as she slips off the mini-ladder . 
 i grab onto her waist , giving a bionic pull until she 's safely seated next to me . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 her mouth falls open with awe as she buckles herself in . 
 `` it 's a gift . '' 
 i huff it out with a gentle laugh while maneuvering us onto the road . 
 `` you 're , like , really strong . '' 
 she pants as if i 've inadvertently spooked her . 
 `` can i do that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , can you ? '' 
 she can . 
 strength is a nephilim gift straight across the board , no matter what faction you 're a part of . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 the evergreens race past us in a violent exchange of branches and sky as we head out onto the main highway . 
 the fog licks the truck as we race through miles of unblemished paragon terrain before hitting the stop-and-go traffic of downtown . 
 `` your gifts can grow , '' i whisper . 
 `` it 's rare , but they can manifest with time . '' 
 i look over and offer a platonic smile . 
 `` do n't let anyone tell you that you ca n't do something . 
 it 's poison every single time . '' 
 *** the falls of virtue are a testament to the master 's glory like nothing else i 've ever seen-until i met skyla . 
 the fog skirts by our feet at this heightened elevation as i lead us down to the waterline to where the view is best . 
 there they are-three falls , each perfectly spaced across the back of the hillside . 
 we watch as they rain down with fury and passion into the open mouth of the lake . 
 it 's a heated exchange , pulsating and throbbing , something just this side of erotic . 
 it 's so blatantly beautiful here . 
 it makes you feel as if you 've accidentally landed in paradise . 
 `` wow . '' 
 she looks up at a rainbow just beyond the peak , and a laugh gets trapped in her throat . 
 `` it 's ... '' skyla struggles for words . 
 her lips part . 
 it takes all of my self-control not to dive down over her mouth and cover it with my own . 
 `` you have unicorns here , too ? '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` not at this location . 
 they prefer the higher elevations where it snows . '' 
 i bite my lip until it feels like i might draw blood . 
 i 'm having serious withdrawals from kissing her , and yet , i do n't want her to think i dragged her all the way up here to maul her-but god , how i would love to maul her . 
 `` so that 's where the water comes from ? '' 
 `` year round . '' 
 i tick my head back , trying to ignore the fact i 'm starting to get the shakes just looking at her . 
 she heads toward the edge of the lake with the water nearly lapping over her shoes . 
 i step beside her and wrap an arm around her waist , safely away from her skin so she does n't think i 'm trying to listen in . 
 `` this is where i want to get married someday . '' 
 her face ignites with color . 
 she swallows hard , as if realizing what she just let slip . 
 `` gage said i was going to marry him . '' 
 she averts her eyes , as if the theory were more than laughable . 
 everything in me goes numb-the expression bleeds from my face . 
 a thousand thoughts assault me at once . 
 the world dims to pitch , and all i can make out is skyla and her luminescent outline , her perfect body belonging to gage . 
 `` so it must be true , '' i whisper . 
 gage-this was his girl , his dream come to life . 
 this is precisely why he bit down as soon as she came into town and would n't let go . 
 he knew it , and he did n't tell me . 
 he gave her the knife , and she gutted me without even knowing . 
 a strangled feeling overcomes me and i fight like hell to shake it off . 
 this is skyla , the celestra that stole my heart with one bat of her lash . 
 the minute she set foot on paragon , she lit up my universe with her smile . 
 to hell with gage and his weepy-eyed dreams . 
 i 'm not letting go . 
 if he wants her-if he wants his unblemished `` prognosticating '' track record to continue-he 'll have to go through me to make it happen . 
 `` i 'm not marrying gage . '' 
 she spits it out as if it were a fact-as if she had any say in it at all . 
 `` i thought it was funny . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` brielle thinks maybe he has a crush on me . '' 
 `` he does . '' 
 i ca n't seem to break my deer-in-the headlights gaze . 
 `` anyway '' - she breathes - `` i 'm not into him . '' 
 she pauses , waving her hand over my face to capture my attention . 
 `` i 'm into you . '' 
 and there it is . 
 just the words i needed to break the spell . 
 a smile curves on the edge of my lips , and everything in me aches to kiss her . 
 `` i 'm into you , '' i say , pulling her in close . 
 skyla , with her out-of-the box wicked beauty . 
 i want to run my tongue over every inch , devour her in one quick bite-swallow her down . 
 i sweep my lips over hers , and an involuntary groan wrenches from me . 
 we kiss in waves of heated passion . 
 we drink down the wine of new love by the vat . 
 this is meaningful . 
 this is right , and for damn sure , it 's meant to be . 
 every angel on earth and in heaven can testify to the truth of what 's unfolding between us . 
 i love kissing logan , skyla 's mind reels with lust . 
 kissing logan at the falls of virtue is like stepping into a fairytale . 
 suddenly , i 'm transported to a land with dragons and villains . 
 of course , i 'm the princess , which in turn makes logan the perfect prince . 
 i pull back and dot the tip of her nose with my lips . 
 `` you up for a swim , princess ? '' 
 her mouth falls open at the realization that i 've read her thoughts . 
 `` i do n't have my bathing suit . '' 
 she gives a sexy-as-hell smile , and the bulge in my jeans rises to salute her . 
 `` swim in your underwear-or without . 
 your choice . '' 
 choose without . 
 i relax my grip around her sweater . 
 too bad she did n't hear my preference . 
 `` i do n't have a towel . '' 
 it comes out pressured and gives away the fact she 's not so hot on the idea . 
 `` i have a few in the truck for emergencies . '' 
 no point in letting her off so easy . 
 i try to hide the grin wanting to take over . 
 `` does this qualify as an emergency ? '' 
 skyla licks her lips slowly , in one clean sweep like she 's trying to seduce me . 
 `` it 's the only one i know of . '' 
 my jeans tighten just below the hips . 
 i turn slightly so i do n't stab her in the leg with my newfound protrusion and send her running for the hills . 
 `` i 'll stay in my boxers . '' 
 i hold up a hand , swearing to my declaration . 
 she takes a heated breath , as if a preview of what 's to come just swirled through her mind like some wild p ** n o flick . 
 not that i plan on doing anything wildly p ** n ographic with her . 
 in fact , i plan on taking it slow-doing things right . 
 this is n't some dime-a-dozen girl i 've latched onto at one of ellis 's vd petri dish get-togethers . 
 skyla is special-a princess , someone to build a life with . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she finally concedes and starts heading toward the truck . 
 i whip out my cell to send a big fu to gage , and my thumb hits `` camera '' instead of messages , so i go with it . 
 i aim high and snap of picture of skyla 's arms in the air , her sweater knotted up by her wrists . 
 i 'm mesmerized as her golden hair falls against her bare skin . 
 her pink bra straps set my body on fire , and i groan , pushing off my jeans . 
 i 'm already testing the resolve of my boxers . 
 i 'd better get it under control , and fast . 
 i land my phone and jeans on the hood of the truck , take off my t-shirt , and hook it over the windshield . 
 skyla walks over , slow and methodical , swiveling her hips like a well-polished vixen . 
 her pink toenails call to me like candy . 
 her tan legs rise like skyscrapers that i long to climb . 
 i ride my gaze up her body and trace out her yellow lace underwear , her hot pink bra with a diamond-cut jewel shining between her cle ** age . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think swimming in our underwear was a well thought-out plan on her part . 
 her face turns ten shades of red as she sweeps her eyes over me . 
 she blinks down at my boxers and bounces her gaze right back to my face . 
 i press my lips against her , and land her stomach over mine . 
 my body seizes with the touch of her heated skin , and a strangled sound of pleasure gets trapped in my throat . 
 `` you think the water 's cold ? '' 
 she lands her cool hands over my chest and pushes me back a good twelve inches . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 for the sake of my sanity , it 'd better be . 
 i walk her over to the `` diving board , '' a granite ledge that hangs over the top of the falls , and give her a smile as we jump hand in hand . 
 the lake swallows us down , engulfing us with its sharp , icy sting-fire and ice , all in one . 
 this is what it feels like being with skyla , a delirium of sensation , the logic of up and down , hot and cold is erased in her bewitching presence . 
 skyla and i cement our feelings for one another under each of the three falls by way of our lips , our arms , her legs riding over my back . 
 these are lust-borne kisses , mysterious kisses that stretch back and forth in time , explosive lingual exchanges that just might be illegal in all fifty states . 
 we set the water on fire-turn the entire lake into a boiling cauldron as we drop beneath the surface , our mouths interlocked , exchanging the air from our lungs like currency . 
 skyla coils her legs around me . 
 her fingernails dig into my back as she pushes in with great intensity . 
 there 's no way i would ever become gage 's anything . 
 logan has me totally and completely . 
 this is something that surpasses the length of years , the ladder of time . 
 we 're building something eternal . 
 i can feel it . 
 we pop to the surface and gasp for air as laughter trembles from our lips . 
 something catches her attention off in the ebony pines , and i follow her gaze . 
 nevermore . 
 i dive back under for a minute . 
 gage wo n't let her out of his sight , and i finally know why . 
 i 'm about to prove gage and his gift of knowing wrong . 
 i 'll be damned if i let him get in the way our love . 
 skyla and i will get our happily ever after , with or without destiny 's approval . 
 gage the television flickers in the background of the family room as i lay on the couch waiting for logan to show . 
 mom and dad are at a meeting downtown , and the rain just began beating over the windows like a thousand mad men , trying to break in . 
 it might as well be drilling into my skull , because it feels like shit knowing logan 's out there with her , touching her , kissing those lips . 
 i studied the picture he sent of her voluntarily disrobing for him . 
 if making me feel like crap was his goal , he succeeded . 
 headlights shine through the entry , then cut out . 
 looks like the bastard 's home . 
 i sit up on my elbows and take a breath . 
 it 's not like i 'm going to ask what happened , although i am a little curious if skyla brought up the vision i was stupid enough to share . 
 i should write a book on how to keep a girl at bay - the door slams so loud it sounds like a stick of dy *** ite detonating in the entry . 
 logan rushes into the room with his eyes on fire , a look to kill embedded in his face . 
 within seconds , he twists his fists into my shirt and yanks me off the couch . 
 `` you f ** king little shit . '' 
 he grunts , pushing me up against the window . 
 `` whoa ... '' a smile escapes my lips . 
 `` i guess skyla told after all . '' 
 `` you 're damn right , she did . '' 
 he slams my head against the glass so hard i brace for the shards , but the window holds its resolve . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 you did n't have the balls to tell me yourself ? 
 you needed skyla to do your dirty work for you ? '' 
 he launches me back on the couch face first . 
 i bounce onto my feet and hold up my hands in surrender . 
 `` swear to god '' - i hold back the nervous laughter already trembling from my chest - `` it just came out . 
 i 'm like an idiot around her , and i did n't even mean to say it . 
 i was going to tell you first . '' 
 his chest pumps in and out . 
 his lips twitch as he seethes in my direction . 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen logan so overtly pissed before , at least not at me . 
 `` you should have told me the second you knew . '' 
 he spits it out . 
 `` i might have backed down for you . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` but you 're not getting that courtesy-not now , not ever . 
 you want to hook up with skyla in your perverted fantasies ? 
 go right ahead . 
 but the only one she 'll be with in the real world is me . '' 
 i charge and land him flat on his back , sending the air expelling from his lungs with a hiss . 
 i clock him a good one just below the jaw as he flips me , pinning me to the carpet like a champion wrestler . 
 `` i have never hurt you , gage . '' 
 he pauses to dab the back of his hand against his lip and inspects the blood showboating for his attention . 
 `` i have never beat the living shit out of you before , but i 'm about to rectify that . '' 
 he brings his knee up , and i pinch my legs shut and roll before he can erase my future children from the planet . 
 we wrestle and kick for a small eternity . 
 logan rattles me in the air before knocking my head against the coffee table like cracking a walnut . 
 the room warps in and out as i crash on the floor . 
 i stare up the ceiling as it starts in on a slow , steady spin . 
 logan lands next to me , trying to catch his breath . 
 `` sorry , man . '' 
 he taps me on the knee . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i 'll pay you back one day . '' 
 `` i thought for sure skyla was the celestra you said i 'd be with . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure she is . '' 
 logan glances over . 
 we do n't say anything for a very long time . 
 `` looks like we 've got a problem , '' he whispers . 
 `` looks like we do . '' 
 *** the next day , the sky rages down its special brand of fury over the island , complete with spasms of lightning that inspire the electricity to go into brownout mode now and again . 
 it does n't seem to hurt business though . 
 the bowling alley is alive with people-all the wrong people , considering skyla is n't one of them . 
 then , like a dream , she walks through the dark hole of the arcade , and a rush of heat washes over me . 
 the only thing that can brighten this day just walked through the door . 
 brielle mentioned she invited skyla and her stepbrother down so they can hang out after her shift . 
 skyla walks over to the counter where logan waits with a smile . 
 i watch as he takes her money and hands her a pair of shoes . 
 she turns her body into the counter as if she 's trying to seduce him-as if there was a need . 
 i walk over , still out of her line of vision . 
 she laughs into him . 
 `` how about you take me to dinner and a movie ? 
 we 'll call it even . '' 
 my stomach drops . 
 perfect . 
 i 'm sure those words will haunt me well into my dreams . 
 `` deal . '' 
 he shuts the register and glances back at me with the slight look of remorse . 
 skyla takes off and heads toward brielle . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he pretends to wipe down the chrome on the rail to take the heat out of the moment . 
 `` you can split if you want . '' 
 `` no , it 's fine , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll finish my shift . '' 
 logan pans over the bowling alley until his eyes snag on a bunch of cheerleaders from west . 
 `` look , i need to talk to michelle '' - he presses out a depleted smile - `` see if i can get the diary . '' 
 logan 's been after something he believes is buried in chloe 's diary for months-the protective hedge he foolishly gave her . 
 `` not a problem . 
 i 'll distract your ` girlfriend ' for you . '' 
 i dig in a smile and take off in skyla 's direction without waiting for a response . 
 i find her sitting alone while brielle does her best to shove drake 's face down the front of her barely-there shirt . 
 `` you playing ? '' 
 i plop down next to skyla and tap the shoes in her hand . 
 she examines me for a moment . 
 i can feel her looking at me . 
 that 's no platonic glance she 's giving . 
 something is stirring in her , and it 's all for me . 
 `` you always this bright ? '' 
 she twists her lips and drives home the sarcasm . 
 if i had control over myself when i 'm around her , i would have never told her about our impending nuptials , but a part of me is glad i did . 
 god knows we need to start somewhere . 
 `` i 'm off in ten . '' 
 i shrug , trying to sound casual . 
 `` if you want to make it even , i can hang out . '' 
 i point up at the game board and hope she 'll let me stay . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 she glances back logan , who 's busy trying to juggle three tasks at once . 
 it looks like the entire island is draining in through the front door . 
 drake spells out count drakeula up on the main board , and i hold back a laugh . 
 he adds sexy thang for brielle , i assume-then skyla 's name appears . 
 i head over and plug my name in just beneath hers . 
 i glance up at our names together in lights-skyla and gage . 
 it takes a little restraint not to add ` forever ' just below that . 
 that 's how i feel , though . 
 that 's exactly how long i plan on holding her in my heart . 
 instead , i land back beside her and give a shy smile . 
 `` you think it 'll look like that on our wedding invitations ? '' 
 she bites down on her lip as she puts on her shoes . 
 nice . 
 at least we 're on the same page , sort of . 
 i blink a quick smile , sliding down into the seat . 
 i can see her underwear rising out of the back of her jeans like a whale 's tale . 
 she 's got a g-string on , light blue like her eyes . 
 i sink a little lower until i can feel the warmth emanating from her skin , and my dick springs to life . 
 shit . 
 i fold my arms , trying to hide the protruding evidence , and gnaw on the inside of my cheek as she turns to face me . 
 skyla locks onto me with her gaze and does n't let go . 
 an entire wellspring of desire pulsates between us , and i wonder if she feels it , too . 
 `` you 're up . '' 
 i give her foot a playful tap . 
 maybe by the time she comes back , i can decompress . 
 that , or i 'll have to pull off my shirt and wrap it around my waist . 
 she picks up a kiddie ball , the one bree likes because she can make it fly . 
 skyla shoves her fingers in the undersized holes , and the ball shoots straight up , causing it to detonate over logan 's brand-new polished floors like a cannon . 
 she crouches down in embarrassment . 
 skyla spins slowly on her heels and takes in the three of us , amazed at her gravity-defying feat . 
 good thing logan has a watertight insurance policy , because with doctor destructo more than likely to frequent the place , he 's going to need it . 
 she glances over at emily , lexy , and michelle , and her face darkens as she makes her way to the ball return . 
 skyla boldly picks up the ball again with a little less bravado than she had a few minutes ago . 
 logan springs up beside her . 
 usually , he tries to give some verbal cues to customers who hold the potential to jack up his flooring , but something tells me skyla is in for a physical demonstration . 
 he offers her the blue mother-of-pearl ball , favored by most girls , and helps her back onto the lane . 
 he leans over her , filling in her curves with his body , and everything in me goes rigid . 
 he could give a rat 's ass that skyla is the one i 'm supposed to be with . 
 although , in this case , i suppose the argument can swing both ways . 
 looks like i 'll have to fight a whole hell of a lot harder to make sure those visions stay on track-not sure they would n't regardless , but i 'm not about to sit around and find out . 
 skyla laughs and sails the ball down the lane with missile-like precision , landing half the pins flat on their backs . 
 logan gives her a quick high-five before taking off . 
 and there it is . 
 a public display of affection i was unlucky enough to be privy to . 
 i 'm sure it 's just one incident of many i 'll be subject to , and my stomach ties up in knots at the idea . 
 skyla bounces back to her seat with an uncalled-for exuberance , and i 'm pretty sure it has nothing to do with the task at hand . 
 she glances over her shoulder while logan helps michelle with a `` technical difficulty . '' 
 michelle knows her way around this place as well as i do . 
 the only technical difficulty she 's having is landing him on top of her , preferably undressed . 
 i jump up and take my turn , pretending the ball has magically morphed into logan 's head . 
 i nail that ball down the lane so fast and hard it lands a strike faster than a blink . 
 skyla makes a face before glancing over at logan again . 
 his name lights up on michelle 's screen just below lexy 's . 
 `` i thought he was working tonight , '' she whispers as i land next to her . 
 `` he 's the boss . 
 always doing what he likes . '' 
 i slink my arm over her seat touching her feather-soft hair in the process . 
 i do n't bother reminding her that i 'm still on the clock myself . 
 skyla seems to have a hard time keeping track of details when it comes to me . 
 brielle lands another strike and lets out a hair-raising cry . 
 personally , i think she 's trying to give drake a sample of what she 's capable of doing in bed-not that i would know , even though i was propositioned a time or two . 
 but bree 's like my sister , plus she 's not skyla . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 skyla says it low as bree waltzes by . 
 brielle looks over at logan and shakes her head . 
 `` is that what 's bugging you ? '' 
 she makes a face . 
 `` logan has a way of getting around . 
 sorry . 
 he 's just friendly that way . '' 
 skyla spins into me . 
 `` is this true ? '' 
 she 's so hurt she can hardly get the words out . 
 looks like `` uncle logan '' is about to artfully hang himself with his prolifically friendly demeanor . 
 `` i try not to affiliate myself with rumors . '' 
 the glee struggles to burst from my chest . 
 `` judge for yourself . '' 
 skyla glances back . 
 logan has his hand on michelle 's bare arm , trying to read her mind to end the mystery of the missing pendant , but regardless , he looks like a dick . 
 logan is desperate for far more reasons than i 'm willing to admit . 
 it 's more than a big deal to get that pendant back . 
 looks like the price is going to be a little higher than he thought . 
 logan glances up at skyla , and his eyes widen with panic . 
 he gives a nervous wink before reverting his attention back to michelle . 
 loverboy is going to have a lot of explaining to do . 
 i sink in my seat , trying to hide the look of satisfaction blooming on my face . 
 extra-curricular girlfriends and hopeless explanations are the last thing a girl wants in a budding relationship . 
 logan 's an ex-boyfriend in the making , and i 'll be right there ready to comfort skyla once she kicks him to the curb . 
 logan and michelle share a laugh , and skyla 's features dim to pitch . 
 the curb might be a little closer than i think . 
 9 logan picking up steam rain trembles from the sky in never-ending spurts of passion . 
 the sky itself has come down and wrapped its limbs around the island , moaning and groaning , rolling its wet tongue over every orifice until the soil quakes with pleasure . 
 the bowling alley is pumping . 
 every thirteen-year-old on the planet has descended upon us today . 
 a popular girl from the local middle school is celebrating her gateway into the hormonal years and has invited about six hundred of her closest braces-wielding friends . 
 not that i mind , especially since each friend came equipped with a pocket full of dough ready and willing to land in my cash register . 
 nope , do n't mind at all . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 gage strides in eleven minutes late , but it 's raining hellfire out there , so i do n't call him on it . 
 `` just hanging out . '' 
 i frown at the bounce house this place has morphed into . 
 `` michelle dropped by earlier . 
 i told her you were here , she show yet ? '' 
 i pan the area . 
 `` nope . 
 probably saw the parking lot filled with angry soccer moms and decided to split . '' 
 `` i asked her how things were going , and she said you two were solid . '' 
 his dark brows lift as if they 're about to fly right off his forehead . 
 `` she wishes . '' 
 `` so how are you going to do it ? 
 you know , get the diary without lighting skyla 's insides on fire . '' 
 `` watch your euphemism , '' i warn . 
 he knows damn well the only way to truly kill a celestra is by fire . 
 `` who knows ... '' he leans against the counter and shrugs . 
 `` maybe you will kill her-where it really counts . '' 
 i glance up at him . 
 he 's right , and he knows it . 
 the truth is she 's got the same power to break my heart , more in fact , to kill me quite efficiently . 
 it already hurts like hell knowing a part of her belongs to gage . 
 i shake the thought away . 
 i 'll have to squash this thing between gage and skyla , quick like a reflex . 
 i do n't want to do it-i just have to . 
 for now , i 'd better change the subject . 
 `` i think if i ever want to see that pendant again i 'll need a supervising spirit . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` can they change things ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but my dad says to stay away from that shit . 
 he said once you get wrapped up in stuff like that , it could cost you everything . 
 just deal with it . 
 the pendant is gone . 
 it 's not like you need it . '' 
 `` skyla does . '' 
 gage ticks his head back as his face bleaches white . 
 the reality just hit home . 
 it could protect her better than either he or i ever could . 
 `` i thought you were on some quest to get it back because you knew your grandmother would die all over again if you lost it . '' 
 `` i gave her my word . '' 
 i hold up a hand . 
 `` but i thought about it , and now i want it just for skyla . '' 
 my phone gives a soft buzz . 
 it 's a text from the girl who stole my heart . 
 where are you ? 
 i 'm doing time at b 's . 
 she 's getting busy with monkey boy . 
 ~ s i stare at my phone for a very long time . 
 she 's at brielle 's . 
 i could make up some lame excuse-saddle gage with a thousand hungry middle-graders and spend the afternoon with my dream girl . 
 `` is that michelle ? '' 
 he asks , taking the helm at the register as the line snakes all the way out the arcade . 
 `` no , it 's skyla . 
 do me a favor , and try not to tell her too much about things . 
 i want to do it myself . '' 
 gage pauses a good long time before answering . 
 `` done . '' 
 i text her back . 
 work . 
 want to come ? 
 i can use the help . 
 must be a great day to bowl . 
 what is b doing with a monkey ? 
 `` hey , logan ? '' 
 gage asks , while his customer digs through her purse for change . 
 `` do me a favor . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i ask , glancing over his features , and my stomach clenches . 
 of course skyla is going to fall for him and those tubs digging into his cheeks . 
 what girl would n't ? 
 `` do n't do anything with her . '' 
 he says it low like an apology . 
 he grips onto me with that ironclad stare . 
 he wants my balls on lockdown until we figure this out . 
 `` all right . 
 for now . '' 
 my phone buzzes again . 
 trust me , i 'd much rather help u . 
 it is the perfect day for bowling . 
 and to answer your question , rutting . 
 ~ s i let out a laugh and show gage the phone before texting her back . 
 rutting ?! 
 you have a way with words . 
 you should write poetry . 
 funny , because i just gave that same advice to gage not too long ago concerning skyla . 
 my insides pinch at the thought of them writing poems to each other and having no one to blame but myself . 
 i 'll save my poems for you . 
 i promise they will not include the word rutting . 
 ever . 
 ~ s gage leans in and balks at the text . 
 `` rutting ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i would like to do lots of things to that body-rutting is n't one of them . '' 
 rutting is my new favorite word . 
 btw , gage wants me to give you a message . 
 he very much looks forward to rutting with you . 
 i flash the phone at gage so he can revel in my literary artistry . 
 let the poet take note . 
 the phone buzzes again . 
 tell gage any time . 
 i 'm waiting and coincidentally very lonely at this very moment . 
 ~ s `` ha ! '' 
 gage barks in my face . 
 `` now that you mention it , i can totally see myself rutting with skyla . '' 
 i send a quick text trying to rectify my stupidity . 
 never mind . 
 i suddenly have a great disdain for the word rutting . 
 you must never rut with gage . 
 promise me this . 
 jealousy burns through me-splits my heart a mile wide . 
 will you rut with others ? 
 turnabout is fair play . 
 ~ s hell f ** king , no . 
 promise . 
 ~ s i replace the phone in my pocket and look up at gage . 
 it feels like i just stepped out of the lion 's den . 
 gage gives the hint of a wicked smile before getting back to the customer in front of him . 
 i may be out of the lion 's den , but the self-proclaimed king of the jungle just so happens to be standing right next to me . 
 i need to slay the beast that gage has quickly become . 
 i just ca n't figure out how . 
 gage in the middle of the week , on a haze-free day , practice drags on for hours before the cheerleaders ever step onto the field . 
 the coach has us running circles around each other , literally , but for the last fifteen minutes , my attention has been clearly divided . 
 instead , i 've been diligently watching skyla , following her every move as she runs and jumps in her west cheer uniform like a beautiful flame . 
 she goes for a high kick and her ankle turns , sending her spilling to the ground . 
 `` she 's hurt . '' 
 i meant to shout it to logan , but coach hears and jogs over with us . 
 a small circle hovers over her by the time we get there , and coach drops to his knees to inspect it . 
 i do n't see any sign of ms. richards around , so i guess that leaves him in charge by default . 
 `` how 'd you do this ? '' 
 coach barks at her like she 's one of the guys . 
 he sticks his fingers over her swollen ankle and digs in . 
 `` nice method of evaluation '' - she bats him away - `` if this were the middle ages . '' 
 coach 's eyes spring open , wide as baseballs , as he struggles to his feet . 
 nobody talks to the coach that way , except for skyla apparently . 
 i twitch a smile to logan , who looks equally amazed . 
 `` ice it . 
 stay off it for a day or two . 
 nothing 's broken . '' 
 he claps his hands together in an effort to disperse the crowd . 
 logan picks skyla up and strides right past me . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i need ice . '' 
 her voice shakes . 
 she winces with every other step he takes . 
 you can see the pain on her face , plain as the fog . 
 `` i know just the place , '' logan says , glancing over at me . 
 if he thinks he 's getting rid of me , he 's wrong . 
 i 've already settled into her life , taken up residency , and burrowed down roots . 
 he may as well get used to the idea of me being in skyla 's life in more ways than one . 
 brielle joins us as we speed over to logan 's truck . 
 `` there 's no way you 'll get her in there , '' she says , looking up at the second-story cab . 
 logan motions me over , and i hold the door open , blocking brielle 's view in the process . 
 logan hoists her up as if she were no heavier than a bouquet of flowers and lays her across the seat before strapping her in . 
 i jump into the bed of the truck and settle in as we take off . 
 the window in the back is cracked open , and i can hear skyla groan as logan guns it out of the parking lot . 
 `` first sunny day in a week , and i blow it , '' she says . 
 `` blaming yourself for an injury is a defeatist attitude . '' 
 logan espouses my dad 's advice as if he coined the phrase himself . 
 nice . 
 i 'll have to watch what i say around him in the event he tries to pass it off as his own pearl of wisdom . 
 `` it 's time to relax and let your body heal , '' he adds . 
 now that , i agree with . 
 `` wise and true . '' 
 skyla looks through the window at me and gives a little wave . 
 logan takes a left at the intersection , and i exhale with relief as we head toward our home instead of hers . 
 i still ca n't get used to skyla living at the old bishop house . 
 i think skyla and i need to make some new memories there to get my head out of the past once and for all . 
 `` falls of virtue ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` nope . ' '' 
 logan looks over his shoulder at me to see if i 'm still here . 
 `` i know somewhere with much stronger healing properties . 
 the foods pretty good , too . '' 
 `` if there 's an er involved , count me out . 
 i hate hospitals almost as much as i hate blood . '' 
 the fear in her voice is palpable . 
 you 'd think they slaughtered people there instead of healed them . 
 `` no er , i promise , '' he says , taking the road a little stiffer than before . 
 `` is there rutting involved ? '' 
 her flirtation charges the air . 
 `` only if you want there to be . '' 
 shit . 
 the last thing i want is to be privy to some warped sexual banter between the two of them , although i 'd pay in gold to have the roles reversed-logan back here writhing with jealousy , me in there passing time while skyla flirts relentlessly . 
 `` there 's a yellow lab named charlie , '' he starts . 
 `` some hot chocolate , a grilled cheese sandwich , and an ice pack involved-maybe some reality tv . '' 
 `` sounds like heaven , '' she sings . 
 `` almost is . '' 
 almost is , my ass . 
 it feels like anything but heaven having to sit , front and center , and listen in on logan 's dime store pick-up lines . 
 the truck jerks , and i clasp onto the side to keep from flying out like a frisbee . 
 a black convertible barrels in our direction at demonic speeds-same lane . 
 shit . 
 `` do something ! '' 
 skyla screams . 
 logan is locked in with traffic on the left-a sheer cliffside to the right . 
 `` aw , f ** k. '' i jump out of the truck and hope to god i can levitate . 
 it 's the only power i 've yet to hone that a levatio is supposed to have mastered by the time they 're ten . 
 i think of skyla and the danger she 's in as i hoist the truck chassis over my shoulders . 
 i think of logan and his happy-go-lucky whistle , and we float higher than i 've ever left the earth before . 
 we sail through the air like a metallic cloud . 
 logan 's arm dips out of the window as he snaps a picture of the idiots in the oncoming car . 
 i land the truck , and it bounces as i hop back into the bed . 
 skyla stares over at me , her mouth dangling open in disbelief . 
 looks like i finally got her attention . 
 *** once we get to the house , logan and i lay it all out and have an entire conversation about who those people were , right there in front of skyla . 
 i thought logan was determined to keep her in the dark , to `` take it slow . '' 
 but he 's holding court right here in the kitchen , so i let it all out . 
 `` there 's a meeting at nicholas haver 's in two days , '' i say it like a dare to see if logan changes the subject . 
 he nods . 
 `` we 're there . '' 
 logan knocks his fist into mine , and for the first time in days , we feel like family again . 
 `` i want to go . '' 
 she blinks over at us innocently . 
 i knew she would . 
 logan wants to steer her away from our world , and a selfish part of me wants to share it . 
 i want to share everything with skyla . 
 `` go where ? '' 
 logan does n't seem to connect the pieces as he shakes down the fridge of all its sandwich offerings . 
 `` the meeting , '' she says . 
 `` it 's a celestra thing , right ? '' 
 `` faction council . '' 
 i 'm more than happy to fill in the blanks for her . 
 `` you 're a celestra . '' 
 yet to be confirmed , but i 'm pretty damn sure . 
 logan shoots me with those citrine eyes of his before reverting to skyla . 
 `` there 's no way you can go , '' he says , plucking the frying pan from the lower cabinet . 
 `` you could endanger yourself . 
 the less people know you have celestra blood , the better . '' 
 `` once you 're on their radar ... '' i stop abruptly . 
 maybe sharing too much information with skyla is a death wish for her sanity . 
 i shake my head at my stupidity . 
 `` once i 'm on their radar , they 'll want me dead . '' 
 she flat lines . 
 `` not necessarily right away . '' 
 i try to put a positive spin on things . 
 `` they might give you a fighting chance . '' 
 i fold my arms as my mind races a million miles an hour , trying to figure out how we can possibly protect her , other than that ever-elusive protective hedge . 
 `` like you ? '' 
 she says it to logan and waits for an answer . 
 `` apparently '' - he presses out a hesitant smile - `` i have more than a fighting chance . 
 i 'm going to live to a ripe old age , remember ? '' 
 he nods into me for confirmation of his expiration date . 
 `` we both are . '' 
 skyla leans in as she says it . 
 she believes it . 
 maybe deep down inside she knows my prophecies are true . 
 skyla gives the slight glint of a smile as she pours her soul into me with those translucent eyes . 
 a wild jolt goes through me as she makes me the object of her attention , and it takes everything in me to just keep on breathing . 
 `` remember what i said about vegetables , '' i say , smacking the top of the door as i head into the family room . 
 if she believes me about one thing , then she must about the other . 
 our marriage happens , whether or not she or logan want to admit it . 
 i 'm right . 
 the prophecies always come true . 
 that vision of skyla and me in a hotel room blinks through my mind . 
 best f ** king vision ever . 
 lucky for me , they tend to repeat . 
 10 logan too hot to handle the next night , emma has my olfactory senses , praising her culinary skills . 
 the scent of turkey lies thick in the air as i head downstairs . 
 gage is busy helping himself to something in the fridge while barron tends to a pot on the stove . 
 `` team work . '' 
 i slap him playfully on the shoulder . 
 `` that 's what makes a sound marriage . '' 
 barron raises his brows before replacing the lid . 
 `` you ever get that belt replaced on that bad receptacle ? '' 
 my brother has a way of continuing a conversation months after the last interaction . 
 `` that was weeks ago . 
 and , yes , '' i say as emma files past us . 
 `` by the way , i wanted to ask '' - i glance over at gage who 's busy pouring himself a glass of milk - `` do you think you 'll visit dad and mom anytime soon ? '' 
 barron has a friend who 's a celestra , and they travel back every now and again . 
 it 's been a year since he last visited . 
 i like the updates , the small talk translated through barron . 
 i miss my parents . 
 something in me still needs them . 
 barron frowns . 
 `` you 're all the celestra i need , logan . 
 would you like to join in on the journey ? '' 
 `` yeah , logan . '' 
 gage pushes out a devilish smile . 
 `` why do n't you hop back in time and see what happens ? '' 
 `` why do n't i take you with me ? '' 
 i tease . 
 `` let 's see if i can make us both drop off the face of the earth . '' 
 gage is begging to be misplaced in another dimension . 
 i know where barron is going with this , so i let it go . 
 i 'm not into time travel . 
 i 've explained it to him a thousand times . 
 he 's convinced it 's some irrational fear i have because of the accident , but i 'm not about to run around the time continuum just to see which one of us is right . 
 all i know is that my brother liam no longer resides on the planet , and part of the reason why is the sacrifice he made for me . 
 `` let 's get the table set , '' emma chirps . 
 `` sorry , but i ca n't stay . '' 
 i pull out the dishes as retribution for the thoughtless act of leaving what amounts to a thanksgiving feast . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she squawks . 
 `` i 've got a date . '' 
 gage shoots me a look . 
 `` invite her . '' 
 she 's adamant i change my plans . 
 let 's see-trade alone time with skyla for dinner with the oliver clan ? 
 and risk gage and his watery blue eyes vying for her carnal affections ? 
 i think not . 
 `` i second that . '' 
 gage grunts it out dissatisfied because he knows i wo n't . 
 `` invite skyla . 
 i 'd love to have her . '' 
 have her . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no can do , '' i say . 
 `` it 's sort of a big deal to change plans . '' 
 my dick and i both agree . 
 emma 's face deflates , and i offer a forlorn smile . 
 barron heaves a sigh as he looks from me to gage . 
 `` you boys settle everything as far as the young lady is concerned ? '' 
 `` it 's settled , '' i offer . 
 gage slaps the lid back on the milk and does n't say a word . 
 *** i pull up alongside skyla 's house and glance at the windows lit up with a warm orange glow . 
 the driveway is empty , and my adrenaline spikes at the prospect of no parents breathing down our necks for the night . 
 skyla mentioned the misadventure she dodged like a bullet train . 
 turns out the entire family hightailed it to the mainland for a scenic tour of the coastline . 
 i hop out of the truck and take the stairs two by two before giving a gentle knock on the door . 
 i pat down my jeans to ensure i brought a condom in the event things go viral tonight-and god , i 'm hoping things will go viral tonight . 
 not that i plan on breaking my word to gage , but let 's face it-if skyla has needs that she wants met , i 'll be happy to oblige . 
 skyla opens the door with a sexy-as-hell grin on her face , more than happy to see me . 
 she 's wearing a low-cut top and painted-on jeans with a pair of high heels that bring her lips just shy of my chin . 
 the sight of her sends my pulse racing through my ears . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 she waves me inside with a twirl of her thin fingers , and it takes all of my restraint not to dive them into my mouth one by one . 
 `` dinner . '' 
 i hold up the bag of italian sandwiches like a peace offering . 
 the truth is , i 've already consumed her six different ways in my perverted mind . 
 skyla has the power to satiate me , more than food can ever hope to do . 
 she leads us over to the family room and turns on the television to fill the silence . 
 we sit shoulder to shoulder and indulge on the eggplant sandwiches that i called in after she approved of the order . 
 i thought about going for meatball , but decided to play it safe and eat whatever skyla wanted . 
 i 'd eat fresh paragon soil by the bowlful if she asked me to . 
 `` so , i had this freaky dream . '' 
 she shakes her head and laughs like it were silly . 
 i pause mid-bite , plucking the sandwich from my mouth . 
 i 'm afraid this might be anything but silly . 
 `` tell me all about it . '' 
 i down my soda in preparation for what comes next . 
 dreams usually mean something around here , and i 'm betting skyla 's dream , whatever it was , means something big . 
 `` it was about chloe . '' 
 she shrugs like it was no big deal . 
 if chloe is rousing herself from the great beyond in skyla 's dreams , i 'm betting we 've got one big f ** king problem brewing . 
 `` it was stupid . '' 
 it was n't stupid . 
 she 's trying to defuse the situation , and i do n't blame her . 
 `` she say something to you ? '' 
 her eyes widen , her tongue freezes on the side of her lip , and she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't really want to talk about it . '' 
 `` if she has a message , i 'd like to know what it is . '' 
 i run my hand over hers until our fingers interlace . 
 she glances down at my weak effort to listen in and gives an impish grin . 
 `` i know what you 're doing . '' 
 then tell me , i say , putting up the granite wall so she ca n't hear my thoughts . 
 who knew gage 's mind trick would come in handy with my girlfriend of all people . 
 did i just call her my girlfriend ? 
 i guess she is . 
 i give a little smile . 
 skyla pauses , pressing her gaze into mine with something just this side of fear . 
 if she does n't push it , i wo n't either . 
 i have a feeling chloe can kill this evening faster than gage ever could . 
 `` she does n't think i should go to the council meeting tomorrow night . '' 
 skyla blows it out like it 's absurd . 
 and you wo n't , i 'm quick to assert . 
 strange . 
 dreaming of chloe and faction meetings all in the same twisted nocturnal musing ? 
 chloe was always skittish about her celestra standing , and i could never figure out why . 
 it 's like she was ashamed-hell bent on denying it . 
 `` i have a right to be there . '' 
 skyla straightens with defiance . 
 `` besides , she ended it with all this psychobabble about me steering clear of you . 
 are you happy ? 
 she 's trying to meddle in our relationship from the great beyond . '' 
 `` relationship ? '' 
 on second thought , i like that the conversation has landed squarely in front of skyla and me . 
 oh , god , she panics . 
 i used the r word-and to a guy . 
 next thing you know i 'll be telling him he 's my boyfriend . 
 i try and hold back a laugh . 
 she 's so damn cute . 
 i push all thoughts of gage and any promise i might have made to him far from my mind . 
 i 'll take that title , i say , scooping her up and pulling her into my lap . 
 no council meeting . 
 promise ? 
 i just want to keep you safe , skyla-i swear my life on it . 
 only i do n't let her hear it . 
 `` promise . '' 
 her thoughts go to jelly , and i wince into her knowing exactly what she 's up to , but do n't call her on it . 
 instead , i crash my mouth over hers and savor it as her body relaxes into mine . 
 skyla returns my kisses with fervor . 
 she runs her fingers through my hair and scratches little circles over the back of my neck , driving me insane with her subtle little moans . 
 skyla runs her tongue over my jaw , traces it all the way to my temple . 
 she covers the rim of my ear with her hot mouth , and my insides clench tight . 
 skyla drives us to the point of no return at light speed . 
 the bulge in my boxers can testify to this . 
 her hand snakes down and glides over my jeans before slipping under my t-shirt and over my bare skin . 
 i take her hand and extract it . 
 skyla opens her sleepy eyes , looking drunk out of her mind for me . 
 a lazy smile plays on my lips as i bury a kiss in her palm before running her hand down my chest , slow and methodical . 
 i pause at the lip of my jeans , but she dives down lower and cradles my growing bulge , eliciting a deep , primal groan from within me . 
 skyla parts her lips , her eyes fluttering as she tries to sink her fingers in my boxers , but i stop her . 
 not here , not like this . 
 i lay her down on the couch with her tongue still lashed to mine . 
 we continue to exchange lust-filled kisses , keeping all the action from the neck and up . 
 it 's not gage and his feelings i 'm concerned with-it 's skyla . 
 i want things to be right between us , and something about running the bases on her parents ' sofa does n't feel like a part of the plan . 
 when we do share something more-share everything-i want the sun , the moon , and stars to align in our universe . 
 i want everything to be special for skyla-perfect , like she is . 
 after a good long while i glance over at the clock in the dining room , and it reads ten after midnight . 
 `` let me stay , '' i whisper . 
 `` i promise i 'll stay on the couch . 
 you wo n't even know i 'm here . '' 
 she takes a breath , considering it for a minute . 
 `` no . '' 
 her forehead wrinkles as if she 's sorry to turn me down . 
 `` why not ? 
 wo n't you sleep better knowing i 'm down here to protect you ? '' 
 hell-i 'll sleep better knowing i 'm down here to protect her . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll want to be down here , doing this ... '' she wraps her arms tight around me , and one of her sexy-as-hell dimples digs into her cheek . 
 `` then neither of us will get a good night 's rest . 
 plus , i 'll have to lie to my mother again when she asks if any boys stayed over . 
 i 've met my quota on lying for the month . '' 
 perfect . 
 `` that 's noble . '' 
 a part of me wishes she 'd bend the truth just one more time . 
 i peel myself off the couch and pluck her up in the process . 
 `` i open tomorrow . 
 if you start dying of boredom , you 're welcome to join me . '' 
 i 'm hoping a serious bout of boredom sets in once i head out the door . 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 she leans into me . 
 i had n't really thought about a job yet . 
 i guess i need to see what kind of load i 'm stuck with next semester . 
 i 'd hate to be doing my homework on the job . 
 `` the job 's yours if you want it , and i 'll let you get away with doing your homework on the side . '' 
 `` it creeps me out when you do that . '' 
 i hold up our conjoined hands . 
 `` only because you keep forgetting . 
 i 'm not trying to pry . 
 it 's just out there-loud as speaking . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 so , anyway , when will i see you ? '' 
 `` after my shift , i have a two-hour window before gage and i head out to the meeting . 
 what are you going to be up to ? '' 
 `` just hanging out with bree . 
 come over before you leave . '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 skyla walks me to the door and melts her lips over mine with a kiss that could make the moon blush . 
 skyla is rife with sexuality-sensuality . 
 whether she knows it or not , she 's one hell of a vixen . 
 it 's freezing out . 
 the icy air snakes around my back as it races into the house . 
 i run my finger over her cheek and take in the way she looks tonight just one more time . 
 i sneak in one last kiss and try to pull it out for weeks . 
 gage logan comes home well after one in the morning with that how-in-the-fuck-did-i-not-get-laid look on his face , and i hold back a laugh . 
 `` i fold . '' 
 i toss the cards on the kitchen table , inspiring ellis to pick them up and check out my hand . 
 `` dude , you have full house , '' he shouts . 
 `` keep it down . 
 my parents are sleeping . '' 
 ellis has no control over the decibel level of his voice after a few beers and who knows whatever the hell else he 's got coursing through his veins . 
 logan takes a seat next to us and mopes . 
 `` how 'd it go ? '' 
 i sweep up the cards and shuffle them back into the deck . 
 `` it went . '' 
 he slouches into table , dejected from the lack of carnal attention he received . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 her parents are n't home , and i offered to spend the night . '' 
 he winces over at me . 
 `` on the couch-alone . '' 
 `` dude . '' 
 ellis leans in with his hair sticking up and his eyes half closed , although that 's panning out to be a permanent look for him . 
 `` gage and i will go over and scare the shit out of her . 
 she 'll be warming a spot for you in her bed in less than fifteen . '' 
 `` right , '' i huff . 
 like i 'd land logan on her mattress while there 's still air pumping through my lungs . 
 `` i 'll pass . '' 
 logan snatches the cards from me and begins to shuffle . 
 `` i 'm not ready yet , anyway . '' 
 `` what do you mean you 're not ready ? '' 
 ellis scoffs at logan 's testosterone-deficient declaration . 
 `` i 'm always ready . '' 
 he pulls something from his back pocket and deposits the neat little square of a condom on the table . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 logan slides it back without blinking . 
 `` oh , i get it . '' 
 ellis shakes his head at the idea . 
 `` you need the super-max size-big enough to house a dick the size of a rocket ship , huh ? '' 
 he plucks three more tiny foil packages from his jeans and lays them on the table . 
 `` here-i got your dr. feelgood , '' he says , holding up a red packet . 
 `` burns for days , but it makes the girls cry-in a good way . 
 then i got your glow-in-the-dark with double-prong feelers . '' 
 he waves a lime green square at us like a threat . 
 `` what in the hell are feelers ? '' 
 logan takes the package from him . 
 `` not that i really want to know . '' 
 he flicks it to the wall , and ellis falls off the chair trying to retrieve it . 
 logan and i spear each other with a look of discontent . 
 he said he was n't ready-yet . 
 i think it 's time to make my move with skyla before logan discovers he 's more than ready and willing to take that next step with her . 
 ellis pops up from under the table with the rubber in hand and kisses the damn thing like it was a girl . 
 maybe a condom full of feelers is all ellis needs to keep him satisfied . 
 not me . 
 i need skyla , pure and simple . 
 *** upstairs in my bedroom , long after logan and i helped ellis across the street , i thumb through my journal with a pen in hand . 
 another poem is ready to vomit out of me . 
 i can feel it . 
 there 's a gentle knock at the door , followed by logan walking right in . 
 `` saw your light on . 
 still up , huh ? '' 
 `` you always were the bright one , '' i say , discretely slipping my notebook under my pillow . 
 he follows my hand with his eyes and does n't say a word . 
 `` look , i 'm not telling you what to do . '' 
 he leans against my desk as his voice drops down to its paternal register . 
 `` i know feelings are n't like a faucet . 
 you do n't turn them on and off at will . 
 but i 'll be honest with you . 
 tonight , she said she wanted a relationship . '' 
 his forehead wrinkles . 
 `` we got pretty close . '' 
 my heart drops clear to my feet-shreds all the way down with his razor-laced words . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 i push the words out with no real meaning behind them . 
 my stomach lurches , and for a minute , i think i might be sick . 
 logan blows out a hard breath . 
 his body is wound tighter than a pressed coil , and i can tell he 's hurting for me . 
 `` just '' - he spits it out in frustration - `` steer clear so you do n't end up with a broken heart or worse . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? 
 are you going to bust my kneecaps if i do n't obey ? 
 snap my arm in half if i offer a slow blink in her direction ? '' 
 `` i would n't even think of doing that , and you know it . '' 
 his adam 's apple rises and falls as he swallows . 
 `` it 's just '' - he washes over the floor with his gaze - `` i 'm not sure i 'm making any promises to you , that 's all . '' 
 the stale sound of silence thickens the air . 
 `` so what you 're saying is , if a condom happens to fall out of your pocket , and you need it , you might employ its services . '' 
 i say it flat , folding my hands together in an effort to keep from sending him flying through the second-story window . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 he heads for the door , scratching at the back of his neck . 
 `` logan ? '' 
 he turns just shy of leaving . 
 `` if the shoe 's ever on the other foot , '' i start . 
 `` you can be sure i wo n't be keeping any promises to you , either . '' 
 i spear him with a look that could slice through his nut sack . 
 `` and i promise you , that day will come . '' 
 a satisfied smile twitches on my lips . 
 `` i wo n't hold back and neither will she . '' 
 logan takes off and shuts the door behind him . 
 i can feel his hostile footsteps vibrate down the hall as they evaporate to nothing . 
 the day will come when skyla chooses me , but i feel like shit crushing logan on the way to get there . 
 i 'm not sure i can blame him for feeling the way he does . 
 skyla is irresistible . 
 i tug my journal forward and my hand moves across the page as if it were possessed , as if i could somehow conjure up sklya herself in the process . 
 irresistible pale white shoulders , mouth of fire . 
 this grievous hallucination , is my one desire . 
 11 logan love hurts the island glows like a lavender star as the fog plumes in a brilliant display of luminescence . 
 brielle texted this morning and said there would be a `` massive f ** king party at skyla 's . '' 
 i called skyla to confirm , and indeed , there is a massive party taking place , so gage and i decided to check it out before heading to the faction meeting . 
 cars are parked in a zigzag formation up and down the street . 
 brielle 's driveway is full and so is her lawn . 
 it 's nice to see she 's helping with accommodations . 
 we double park in the street and head up to the house . 
 ellis is out front with the requisite stoner circle . 
 he does n't frequent too many parties beyond his own get-togethers and when he does , it usually means he 's crushing on someone outside his ecosystem . 
 with my luck , that person just might be skyla . 
 `` you thinking what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 gage whispers as we pass them up . 
 `` harrison ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 gage and i have always been that way-same thoughts , same page on just about everything , so i do n't know why it 's such a shock that skyla has unwittingly grabbed us both by the balls . 
 gage was always waiting for mrs. right , while i was pretty good at keeping myself busy with mrs. right now . 
 the house is dark inside , with bodies lining the entry and halls . 
 the faint smell of booze lights up the air , probably brielle 's contribution . 
 it 's strange seeing people here at chloe 's - not that it 's chloe 's anymore . 
 it 's skyla 's house , and skyla is definitely the polar opposite of chloe bishop . 
 `` logan . '' 
 the faint call of my name warbles through the walls , through my bones , sending an icy chill up my spine . 
 i turn to find skyla jumping into my arms . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 i sail toward the wall with her wrapped in my arms . 
 she melts a kiss over my lips and sends all thoughts of chloe bulleting out the door . 
 skyla picks up my hands and intertwines our fingers . 
 it feels good like this , kissing her in front of everyone i know on the island , her body next to mine-it makes me feel complete . 
 she pulls away from our magnetic liplock and squeals , motioning over to a bunch of camping lanterns sprinkled around the downstairs . 
 `` everything looks so cool ! '' 
 she yells with a touch of mock enthusiasm before dropping my hands like they were on fire . 
 `` so maybe after the meeting , gage and i will drop by again . '' 
 i wrap an arm around her shoulder , sending a signal to all the guys ogling her that she 's taken-that she 's all mine . 
 gage bows his head and maneuvers deeper into the living room . 
 crap . 
 the last thing i want to do is rub salt in the skyla-shaped wound in his heart . 
 a throng of bodies sail through the doors , and in minutes , it 's wall-to-wall people . 
 `` so how come brielle spent the night ? '' 
 i drop a kiss on the top of her head . 
 skyla 's probably lucky i did n't sleep over . 
 there 's no way i could have kept my promise to stay put on the couch . 
 `` i got scared . '' 
 she pulls her lips in a line like there 's something more , but she 's not willing to share . 
 `` you should have called me . '' 
 i whisper it directly into her ear with all the sexual intent i can afford . 
 skyla and i bump and grind our way through the crowd until she 's pressed to the wall and our lips find one another . 
 she relaxes beneath me with her body forging into mine , and yet , oddly , her mind seems to be playing the same scrambling game it was last night . 
 i swear , it 's like gage has given her pointers on how to sidestep our extraterrestrial communication methods-not that i 'm an open vessel at the moment . 
 even so , she 's doing a lousy job at keeping her mental silence at bay . 
 every third thought lobs itself in my direction , disjointed and jagged , like looking through a broken mirror . 
 i pull back and examine her-skyla with her wicked beauty , doing her best to keep secrets from me , which , in turn , is exactly what i 'm doing to her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she gives a devious grin . 
 `` i ca n't enjoy the fruit of your lips ? '' 
 i give a little laugh . 
 `` logan . '' 
 there it is again . 
 it 's coming from the family room . 
 if i did n't know better i 'd swear is sounded like chloe . 
 a horrible feeling grips me . 
 a palpable evil penetrates the air , as if the counts themselves have infiltrated the area . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she squeezes my hand . 
 maybe he detects something or someone left over from the night before . 
 `` what happened last night ? '' 
 i take skyla in with her bubbling concern . 
 her lower lip trembles as if she 's too worked up to tell me . 
 `` nothing . 
 a branch fell down and hit the window . 
 i freaked out . '' 
 i give a wry smile . 
 nice try , but i 'm not buying it . 
 i 'd hate to accuse skyla of lying to me , but if the half-truth fits . 
 `` logan ... '' my name echoes through the skeleton of the old bishop house with a haunting reverberation . 
 i 'd say something to skyla , but i 'm pretty damn sure i 'm the only one picking up on it . 
 `` there 's something else , '' i say , weaving us through the masses and leading her into the kitchen . 
 it was coming from in here . 
 i can feel it . 
 a shadow outside the back door twitches , and i pause for a moment . 
 the silhouette of a girl frames the window , and my heart starts slamming against my chest . 
 i 've seen that shapely form , held it before . 
 an icy chill rides up my spine as i reach for the door . 
 skyla ducks behind me and latches onto my waist . 
 i do n't like seeing her afraid , and i do n't like that she was afraid last night while i was n't here to protect her . 
 i should n't have asked-i should 've just stayed . 
 the doorknob twists in my hand and the cool night air filters in , revealing michelle clotting up the tiny porch , with a cigarette dangling from her fingers . 
 i offer a brief nod to lexy and emily seated beside her and step back in . 
 a part of me wants to warn skyla about going outside alone at night-to tell her that there are creatures who live among the nephilim that do n't reside around most people in this world . 
 but now that she 's a potential celestra , these creatures might find her , and they 'll be a hell of a lot scarier than a branch scraping against the window or miller working on her carcinoma . 
 `` what did you think you were going to see ? '' 
 she says it slow and measured , as if she knows . 
 `` something evil . '' 
 i wrap my arms around her waist , more than thankful chloe was nowhere to be found . 
 still , i would bet my left nut it was her voice calling out my name . 
 `` looks like you were right . '' 
 skyla 's lips curve in a devilish smile as she glances back over at michelle . 
 `` looks like i was . '' 
 i brush my lips over the top of her head in lieu of a laugh . 
 but something in me stirs , and i ca n't shake this feeling . 
 `` i did n't want to tell you this last night , but chloe thought this place was haunted . '' 
 and what the f ** k made me say that ? 
 then again , the bulge growing in my jeans offers me a clue . 
 she freezes solid , her eyes as blank as a doll 's . 
 `` i can spend the night if you like , '' i offer . 
 maybe ellis is onto something after all . 
 she averts her eyes . 
 i question if he 's telling the truth or utilizing scare tactics to his advantage . 
 that last thought comes in loud and clear . 
 i press out a depleted smile . 
 i guess chloe 's haunting season is n't scoring me points in the bedroom . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 i have bree . '' 
 her lips twitch , still curious to know whether i 'm playing the part of hero or conman-maybe both . 
 that 's what i get for employing any of harrison 's idiotic ideas . 
 `` i 'll stop by after the meeting , anyway . '' 
 besides , there 's something i want to show you that you may not have discovered about the house . 
 i brush my thumb over the inside of her palm , and her eyelids flutter with pleasure . 
 `` that it grows eight furry legs at night , and it 's really a tarantula ? '' 
 i had n't entertained that theory , but i 'm slow to take it off the table . 
 a slap ignites over my shoulder as gage crops up next to me . 
 `` time . '' 
 his dimples dig in as he locks those baby blues on skyla . 
 `` all right . '' 
 i slip my fingers over hers and walk us back to the entry . 
 `` expect me after midnight . '' 
 i ca n't imagine why she felt the need to barricade me from her thoughts tonight . 
 although , if it 's good enough for me , i guess it 's good enough for her . 
 i want to say , i 'm sorry , skyla messenger . 
 i do n't want to hide a thing from you . 
 i swear i would die to protect you , but it 's the wrong venue . 
 and with gage watching my every move like a bouncer , it would n't feel right . 
 instead , i land a sweet kiss on her forehead and follow gage into the cool , damp night . 
 it 's time to face the faction and see what in the hell the counts might want with the latest and greatest object of my affection . 
 gage glances back at the house , with his blue sirens burning through the night in hope of one last glimpse of skyla . 
 he 's making it pretty clear she 's his latest and greatest obsession , too . 
 gage drags himself to the truck with his shoulders sagging , his gaze stuck to the concrete like he 's just lost a war . 
 right about now , i 'm hating myself just a little more than i 'm hating the counts . 
 i wish i could fix this for gage . 
 i wish i could duplicate skyla , but i ca n't . 
 i 'll just have to keep skyla and gage away from one another to make sure no unnecessary sparks go off . 
 gage might have destiny on his side , but i 'm not going down without a fight . 
 gage logan and i drive down dark stretches of paragon highway through vats of low-lying fog that rises like ghosts to greet us . 
 to say there 's weirdness between us would be understating the obvious by a mile . 
 a wall of distrust has erected itself . 
 this is nothing but a breech of loyalty where the girl of my dreams is concerned-and apparently his , too . 
 i tried to play it cool . 
 hell , i did n't even say hello to skyla tonight . 
 and honestly , that 's because i was half-afraid she would n't know who i was . 
 instead , i clung to the walls and watched like a jackass as logan sprayed her down with kisses . 
 the sight of his hands swiveling up and down her t-shirt hurt like hell to witness . 
 `` she 's up to something . '' 
 logan gravels it out as he squints into the windshield . 
 `` she was trying to hide her thoughts . '' 
 `` dissention , so soon ? '' 
 nothing pleases me more . 
 hell , maybe i 'm what she 's up to . 
 maybe i 'm the reason skyla felt the need to erect the mental armor . 
 although , it 's probably just wishful thinking on my part . 
 i saw the way she looked at him , the way her lips found his whenever they had the chance . 
 i 'd be lying if i said i was n't damn jealous . 
 my insides boil just thinking about it . 
 `` you think she 'll try coming to the faction meeting ? '' 
 skyla 's got a feisty side . 
 she said herself that she wanted in on the meeting . 
 `` no-she wo n't show . '' 
 logan twitches his hand over the wheel . 
 `` she does n't know the island well enough , and she ca n't drive . 
 besides , she 's got half of paragon at her house doing shots off the kitchen counter . 
 she 's got her hands full for the next few hours . '' 
 he sinks in his seat , uneasy . 
 `` she mentioned something about chloe the other night . 
 she said she came to her in a dream . '' 
 `` chloe , huh ? '' 
 it 's strange how she 's seeping back into our lives . 
 i know her work on this planet is n't finished . 
 i also know she was pretty threatened by skyla before she ever passed away . 
 that 's exactly why traveling into the future is a shitty idea . 
 chloe had her jealousy all riled up once she saw a gorgeous blonde taking up residence in her bedroom . 
 `` what 's the matter ? 
 afraid she 's sabotaging your relationship from the great beyond ? '' 
 i 'd like to thank her personally if that were the case . 
 `` chloe never cared that much about me . 
 the counts , however-they can do anything . 
 the can get a fem to morph into chloe and brainwash skyla into thinking we 're the enemy . '' 
 a dull laugh rattles through me . 
 `` would n't it be funny if we were . '' 
 i stare out the window as my smile dissipates . 
 the way those fragments of the future have been coming at me , you 'd think both logan and i were capable of sinister deeds that far outweigh anything the counts could ever do . 
 `` i 'm not the enemy , gage . '' 
 he says it dry-drags out the words as if he were stoned . 
 `` are you the enemy ? '' 
 looks like our conversation just migrated back into skyla territory . 
 `` depends which war i 'm fighting . '' 
 `` are you fighting a war ? '' 
 his ears peak as if he were truly interested in where my allegiance lies . 
 and there it is . 
 i 've put up such a lame fight that not even the enemy is aware of any impending danger . 
 i need to sink into the trenches , pull out the weapons of mass destruction , and rain down all unholy hell on logan and his `` relationship '' before i prove my dreams and visions were nothing but a lie . 
 if he takes away skyla , the girl i 've been yearning for , he might as well rip the beating heart right from my chest . 
 i 've poured so much into her already-into us . 
 i 've bought into the fantasy because the prophecies never lie . 
 they never even hint at half-truths . 
 skyla and i will be together in that hotel room , we 'll stand before a judge one day and seal our covenant before god and man-i know this is true . 
 but , convincing logan and unfortunately , skyla , seems to be another story . 
 i glance over at logan with his cut features , his chest as wide as a wall . 
 it 's not a big mystery as to why she 's drooling at his feet , but i ca n't figure out why the hell i 'm having such a hard time getting her to give me a second glance if i 'm the one she 's truly going to be with . 
 right now , logan is kicking the shit out me in the `` get the girl '' department . 
 he 's snatched my future wife away before she ever hit my bed . 
 i touch my finger to the cool glass . 
 after all these years of wanting-waiting , she 's finally here and she 's less mine than ever before . 
 i feel empty without her , just skin over bone-nothing more , nothing less . 
 if i want skyla , i need to sound the battle cry-better yet , take down the enemy when he least expects it . 
 i think it 's time for a little covert ops . 
 *** nicholas havar 's house is monolithic , and from what i 've heard , pretty damn nice . 
 but i would n't know . 
 we 're shuffled around the back , in the dark , like a couple of burglars over to an overgrown pool house that 's set up like an aa meeting . 
 rows and rows of metal chairs fan out in a semi-circle , while a buffet of donuts and coffee sits off to the side . 
 logan and i take seats in the front near the entrance and wait as the last-minute stragglers wander in-an equal mix of both men and women . 
 it looks like mom and dad decided to ditch . 
 i heard them saying something about dinner and a movie , and neither logan nor i mentioned that we would be here . 
 logan leans in . 
 `` recognize any of these people ? '' 
 `` hardly . 
 you ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 nicholas haver is as round as a barrel . 
 he polishes off a pink-frosted donut before seating himself at a table that faces the audience . 
 him , i know . 
 he 's been around as long as i can remember . 
 he has a niece that came to the island one summer . 
 ellis swears she was his first conquest . 
 i 'd like a first conquest-skyla of course . 
 `` minutes ? '' 
 he looks up at the crowd for a volunteer . 
 a thin man with bushy brows and glasses raises his hand . 
 `` dr. booth . '' 
 he nods . 
 haver opens in prayer before discussing odd news regarding parking permits and building codes . 
 i had a feeling the faction meeting would bore me to tears . 
 i glance over to the doctor who 's busy taking copious notes . 
 dad 's a doctor-a phd , to be exact . 
 mom says he 's overeducated . 
 he got into the morgue right out of school , taking it over from some heir of the previous owner who could n't figure out how to run it . 
 the meeting drones on , and logan shares the pictures of the morons trying to run us off the road . 
 `` we 'll look into this . '' 
 nicholas nods from over his glasses . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 i whisper as logan falls back in his seat . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 logan shakes his head . 
 nicholas haver segues right back into the minutia of everyday life , discussing the potholes on saddle drive , and my mind goes numb from listening . 
 if you ask me , the faction council is in need of new leadership . 
 for all practical purposes , this could be a city council meeting , because not a thing about the factions has been brought up once . 
 i 'm so f ** king bored . 
 i wish i were back at the party . 
 hell , i wish i could rewind the night and have it all work out differently . 
 now there 's a `` super power '' i 'd love to have . 
 i imagine the house with all of its haunted memories of chloe-those paper butterflies that i 'm not even sure skyla is aware of yet , lurking in the attic room . 
 i picture logan and me walking in and starting the night anew . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 skyla would be eager to greet me . 
 she would n't even notice logan and his pretty boy smile . 
 i 'd try to say something , and she 'd place her finger over my mouth . 
 `` do n't talk . 
 just kiss me . '' 
 i 'd plunge my lips over hers , and we 'd kiss right there in front of every person i know . 
 it would be me that skyla wanted to make a public proclamation with , not logan . 
 it would be me peppering her head with kisses , me with my arm secured around her waist-but it was n't . 
 i do n't know if it ever will be . 
 a dog barks wildly outside . 
 i glance out the door and note a pair of shadowed figures stretching over the yard . 
 it 's probably fems or counts , trying to eavesdrop on the meeting . 
 bet they 're as disappointed as i am that they ever bothered to show . 
 nicholas clears his throat . 
 `` onto the matter of continuing debate-the fate of our brothers and sisters in the nephil kingdom-celestra . 
 the global factions are conducting a tally on who should side with the dying breed . 
 as you 're all aware , their numbers have dwindled significantly . 
 it 's difficult to tell , but it appears countenance is continuing with their eradication efforts . 
 of course , they deny it . 
 they suggest it 's simply mathematics , not enough inbreeding within the faction . '' 
 `` i would n't hold my breath for an entire faction to save celestra . '' 
 logan does n't waste any time sharing his opinion . 
 `` i think we should form a band of people who 'd like to do this on their own . '' 
 nicholas points his pencil in logan 's direction . 
 `` go it alone , and you 'll be thrown in the face of the justice alliance . 
 they 're known for making examples of people like you who look past their rules . 
 rumor has it there 's a heartless caelestis at the helm . 
 i 'd watch my step if i were you . '' 
 dr. booth , the `` minute man , '' clears his throat . 
 `` i hear noster is thinking about unifying with them . '' 
 `` noster ca n't afford to side with celestra , '' someone shouts from the back . 
 logan pumps his leg like he 's stomping out a fire before raising his hand . 
 `` so celestra 's on its own ? '' 
 he bounces with both feet like he 's about to launch out of the chair . 
 `` then do n't threaten me with a trial by justice alliance when i take things into my own hands . '' 
 crap . 
 does n't he see there 's no point in announcing stupid shit in front of people who obviously could n't care less about his race ? 
 save the hero crap for later , dude . 
 the dog goes off in a barking fit again as shadows elongate over the silver lawn , long as ladders . 
 nicholas holds up a finger and listens to the viral riot going on outside . 
 he gets up and bolts to the door , and i follow suit . 
 finally , some action . 
 the night air is chilled as the fog lifts its skirt against the woods in the distance . 
 a large , black pincher snarls in the shadowed portion of the yard . 
 he stretches his neck as far as the chain will allow while two bodies crouch on the lawn . 
 nicholas speeds over and yanks them up like common street criminals . 
 `` skyla ? '' 
 knew it . 
 `` what in the ... '' nicholas gags as he looks the two of them over-skyla and ellis of all people . 
 `` she 's here for me , '' i say , jogging over . 
 i wish she were here for me , anywhere for me . 
 logan shoulders up besides me , out of breath and shocked as hell from the sight . 
 i tried telling him she wanted to be here , but he did n't think she was capable . 
 if he keeps underestimating her , then for sure i 've found a crack in the armor . 
 `` all of you , out ! '' 
 nicholas herds us off the property with a sweep of his arms . 
 skyla tosses her shoulders back and shakes her head in defiance . 
 `` i 'm not here for them . '' 
 her voice shrills loud like the cry of a peacock . 
 nicholas examines her as if she were the least of his worries , but i bet he 's underestimating her , too . 
 `` i 'm here because i belong here . '' 
 she adds before shooting ellis a look . 
 logan leans in and whispers , `` distract nick . 
 i 'll get skyla the hell out of dodge . '' 
 i watch as he threads his arm around her waist , and a flame of envy lances my heart wide open . 
 in the short time she 's been here , i 've turned into a festering wound , aching over a girl i 've waited a lifetime for . 
 and it sucks . 
 12 logan the truth in pieces the fog unfurls in bolts as i help move skyla across nicholas haver 's yard in an effort to avoid any more drama for the evening . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i bury my lips in her hair for a moment . 
 i 'm more than a little shocked that she made her way to the faction meeting . 
 lesson learned . 
 i wo n't belittle her determination again anytime soon . 
 i take up her hand . 
 what the hell are you doing here ? 
 skyla looks hotter than hell on her covert mission and gives a crooked smile . 
 i did n't mean for it to sound so demanding . 
 the last thing i want her to think is that i 'm some control freak who needs to monitor her every move . 
 i need more answers than you 're willing to give me . 
 her lips twist in a cute bow , and it takes everything in me not to kiss her . 
 and you bring ellis ? 
 i shoot harrison a look of annoyance . 
 i 'm sure he had no intention of escorting skyla anywhere but his bedroom . 
 i needed to get behind the gates . 
 besides , he 's stoned . 
 he wo n't remember half this tomorrow . 
 he 'll clearly remember all this tomorrow , and by the way-he 's always stoned . 
 that 's baseline for him . 
 a foul odor assaults my senses . 
 new perfume ? 
 she glances down at the muck lining the bottom of her shoe-a memento from spike . 
 yes . 
 it 's called craptastic . 
 like my night . 
 we make our way over to her parents ' minivan . 
 she takes her shoes off and tosses them in the trunk . 
 `` are you guys coming back to the party ? '' 
 she looks from me to gage . 
 `` no , '' i say , as ellis trips his way into the passenger 's seat . 
 i glance back at skyla . 
 `` and neither are you . '' 
 i take the keys and hand them to gage . 
 `` drive ellis back . '' 
 i offer an apologetic nod . 
 `` stay as long as you want , but drive his truck home for him . '' 
 i wrap an arm around skyla 's waist and give her a wicked grin . 
 `` you 're coming with me . '' 
 it 's time to tell skyla everything she wants to know and then some . 
 right after i dive into her mouth for a half-hour straight . 
 i 'm drunk off skyla messenger , and i do n't ever want to recover . 
 *** `` nobody 's home , '' i whisper as we head through the door . 
 barron and emma mentioned they might take in a movie tonight . 
 i 'm all for date night as long as it means skyla and i get the house to ourselves for the next few hours . 
 charlie comes barreling in and lashes his tongue over her ankles before i can stop him . 
 i 'd like to lick her feet . 
 maybe take her in the hot tub first to wash off charlie 's slobber , but i 'd be happy to lash my tongue over her without reservation and have her giggle like she is now . 
 i give a dirty grin , and her cheeks turn pink . 
 she bends over and scratches at the lucky dog . 
 `` you must be charlie . '' 
 her underwear rise out of the back of her jeans-black lace g-string-and my dick ticks to life at the sight . 
 i take her hand and lead us into the dining room , fighting the urge to lay her over the table . 
 instead , i listen in as she takes in emma 's curious decor . 
 a palatial rectangle sits in the middle with a gold inlaid table that 's fit to seat twelve comfortably . 
 a massive hutch sits behind it , and on each of the glass shelves are hundreds of angel figurines . 
 my mother would say the whole thing 's gaudy , but i find it fascinating-eccentric . 
 `` i 'd have to agree with her . '' 
 i pull out a chair and run my fingers through her hair as she takes a seat . 
 `` is there any way to turn that off ? '' 
 she points at my hand . 
 `` not that i know of . '' 
 technically , it can never be turned `` off . '' 
 now , muted , that 's a different story . 
 i pull out some paper and a pen before sitting next to her . 
 it 's time to get down to the heart of the matter with skyla celestra messenger . 
 i hope she 's ready to digest large doses of an alternate reality . 
 it 's been a few days since the blood draw . 
 i 'm hoping she 's had time to let things sink in , because i 'm about to blow a hole through everything she ever thought she knew . 
 i scrawl the word factions across the top of the sheet and create five columns just below that . 
 `` so you 're finally going to tell me everything there is to know ? '' 
 she purrs like a kitten while stroking my hand . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i jot things down as fast as they come to mind . 
 i might be filling her in on all things faction , but i doubt i 'm going to give her all the gory details of what it means to be a descendent of the nephilim-especially a celestra . 
 no need to eviscerate her world with details she 's not ready for . 
 `` i 'd never lie to you . '' 
 `` so that means no . '' 
 `` that means maybe . '' 
 i look up at her and meet her determined gaze . 
 my heart breaks at the thought of making her upset , but i 'd feel worse if i flat-out lied and said no . 
 i push the paper in front of her , almost afraid to delve into the nucleus of who we are . 
 `` there are five factions of earthbound angels . '' 
 i touch down on the first column with the pen . 
 `` celestra-that 's us . '' 
 i glance up and smile . 
 skyla looks less than impressed , so i move on . 
 `` countenance , the most powerful , crooked bunch of bastards that roam the earth-think mob , but far more greedy . 
 we do n't know who they are . 
 they do n't make it a practice to reveal their status . 
 they band together and share the wealth , so there 're lots of reasons for keeping their mouths shut . 
 plus , they do n't frown upon killing their own if they do n't cooperate . 
 then there 's the most common three , noster , levatio-that 's gage and my uncle . 
 deorsum-that 's my aunt . 
 and there you have it , factions at a glance . '' 
 `` so celestra has the most powerful blood ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 it has exactly that and so much more . 
 `` which means ? '' 
 she shakes her head in frustration . 
 `` which means if there were enough of us , we could rule the nephilim kingdom . 
 celestra is supposedly in charge but with lame-duck status . 
 it 's like a government , and right now , the crooks are taking over . 
 each faction must pay a royalty to the counts in exchange for their protection . '' 
 `` protection against what ? 
 are n't they the ones we need protection from ? '' 
 it 's as if she instinctively knows . 
 `` you 're a smart one , '' i say , tapping the pen in her direction . 
 `` technically , yes , but they claim to be protecting us against other spiritual beings called sectors . 
 the sectors are like overlords of the angel armies . 
 you 're a warrior if you had n't already done your homework . 
 that 's why it 's all right to kill if your life is in danger or if you 've been instructed to do so by your faction leader . '' 
 or on your own , but then you 'll have the justice alliance shoved so far up your ass you wo n't be able to breathe . 
 `` and is that a sufficient plea to tell your legal council before they haul your ass to prison ? '' 
 `` you wo n't go to prison if you stay within those bounds . 
 the factions take care of everything . '' 
 i hope . 
 `` so murder out of necessity or under orders is okay . '' 
 `` essentially . '' 
 crap . 
 this is going in the wrong direction . 
 why are n't we on the couch by now ? 
 `` i do n't exactly understand the sectors . '' 
 she runs her teeth over her luscious bottom lip , and it takes all my self-control not launch an assault and feast on her . 
 back to the sectors . 
 `` i do n't either . 
 it falls under the category of ` wait until you 're thirty , ' but i have some theories . '' 
 `` and what about powers ? 
 both you and gage are really strong . 
 gage knows things . '' 
 she pauses as she considers his so-called knowledge and most likely those piercing blue eyes . 
 and , since when is gage really strong ? 
 i 'm not sure i like her considering his strength , either . 
 `` you and i can read minds , what else is there ? '' 
 `` my aunt can influence small children to do her bidding . 
 she owns and operates the single largest daycare center on the island . 
 parents love her . 
 most deorsum do n't have that ability . 
 the run-of-the-mill things for them are strength and speed . 
 you might say they got the shaft when it comes to outstanding super powers . '' 
 `` i hear pretty well , too . '' 
 emma walks in and introduces herself to skyla . 
 barron sails in after her , glances over my shoulder , and nods . 
 `` giving her the breakdown , i see . '' 
 he offers one of his complacent smiles . 
 `` i should have the blood work completed in a week 's time . 
 i 'm running a very detailed panel , that way we 'll know for sure if you 're celestra or a mix or anything at all . 
 sometimes that happens . 
 but if you 're a mix , we go by what you have more of . 
 it 's just easier for labeling purposes . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 skyla pushes out an exasperated breath as if she wishes we had the results right now . 
 `` i look forward to it . '' 
 barron and emma say goodnight and head upstairs . 
 `` we should have your parents over , '' i offer . 
 barron and emma , for all practical purposes , are the welcoming committee . 
 i guess barron sort of qualifies as the departing committee , too , but that 's not relevant and often depressing to bring up in mixed company . 
 `` is one of your abilities causing super humiliation ? '' 
 she asks with her mouth hanging open at my apparent gaff . 
 but all i can think about is that little pink tongue glistening over at me and the many things i 'd like to do with it . 
 `` they 'll meet one day , '' i say , trying to control the testosterone rising in my boxers , and continue with the faction introduction . 
 `` levatio . '' 
 i force a breath through my cheeks . 
 `` the lucky bastards , as i like to call them . '' 
 `` are they lucky ? '' 
 she licks her lips while glancing down at the word levatio and for one paranoid moment , i 'm convinced she 's envisioning gage-shirtless . 
 `` not really . '' 
 i 'd be remiss to paint them in such a great light . 
 `` they 've got strength and speed , the knowing-teleportation . '' 
 i say it like it 's no big deal . 
 `` how cool is that ? '' 
 she twirls her finger through her hair and stares off dreamily into space . 
 is she interested in gage ? 
 i did n't see them exchange two words at the party tonight . 
 `` noster 's same as levatio '' - i say , quick to lead us down another path-one that does n't include gage or his shirtless chest - `` with the exception they can see through walls , and-oh yeah-both can levitate . '' 
 `` as in fly ? '' 
 her eyes glint silver in the light . 
 yes , for sure , she is far too fascinated by my `` really strong '' nephew . 
 `` it 's not long range or anything . '' 
 i shrug as if the gravity-defying feat were no big deal . 
 `` they ca n't orbit the earth , but yes . '' 
 `` that 's so freaking fantastic . '' 
 she loses herself in breathless amazement . 
 somehow , in the process of educating skyla on all things nephilim , i 've managed to make gage look like a mouthwatering superhero . 
 the pen slips from my fingers , and i fold my hands in defeat . 
 i think it 's time to move this party to the bedroom-give her the horizontal tour if she 's interested . 
 `` and what about us ? '' 
 she latches onto me with those glass-cut eyes . 
 her pink lips pull down on the edges , and i want to seal myself over her , in her . 
 it 's time to pull out the big guns and knock gage off the marble pedestal i accidentally landed him on . 
 `` read minds . '' 
 i pump my shoulders like it 's no big deal . 
 `` strength , speed . '' 
 i hone in on her perfect beauty . 
 `` time travel . '' 
 she opens her mouth and not a breath escapes . 
 i do n't let the moment pass . 
 instead , i sear my lips over hers and offer a kiss that shows off a facet of my own supernatural prowess-one that involves my tongue . 
 skyla moans into me as i lift her out of the chair and guide her toward the stairs , never once breaking our liplock . 
 i can hear the shuffle of emma 's slippers , so i veer right and kiss skyla over to the couch . 
 i dot her cheeks with a kiss before pulling away . 
 `` a movie sound good ? '' 
 i pop in a dvd at lightning speed to give the impression that my intentions are mostly chaste . 
 skyla places a finger on her lips and licks the tip , calling me over to her again . 
 `` you 're a vixen . 
 you know that ? '' 
 she lies on the couch and i land a knee on either side of her . 
 sklya runs her cool hands up my shirt-scratches over my chest , creating smooth circles of fire . 
 she slips her fingers down over the bulge in my jeans , and i catch her before i lose control . 
 my mouth meets with hers again as i pour my affection over her in one blissful exchange . 
 i never thought i could feel this way about anyone . 
 i never thought i could want-crave anyone so damn much . 
 skyla is water and oxygen , and i need to soak her in , drink her down-be near her , in her-just to survive . 
 this night is definitely ending far , far better than i had ever hoped . 
 gage `` let 's go . '' 
 i smack ellis in the arm . 
 he 's been snatching up girls at the party like he 's stocking up for the apocalypse . 
 `` relax , dude . 
 where you racing off to ? '' 
 he points over to a brunette in spiked heels . 
 `` you want me to hook you up ? 
 i think she 's got a friend . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 the last thing i need is harrison turning this night into some personal mission to get me laid . 
 `` look , i 'll catch you in five , then we 're out the door . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 he speeds off to the brunette and slips his arm low around her waist . 
 she looks over her shoulder at me and winks . 
 i know the offer is there . 
 i 've had my fair share of girls show more than a little interest . 
 i ditch the party and head up to skyla 's room to hang out for a minute . 
 the first room on the left has its door wide open . 
 the lights are on , and a tangle of flesh moves over the bed . 
 it 's nat and her boyfriend from east . 
 she 's sitting with her legs wrapped around his back . 
 she yanks off her t-shirt , sending her boobs bouncing like springs , large and round , and for damn sure unexpected . 
 `` shit . '' 
 i try to hold back a laugh . 
 too bad seeing nat 's tits is more action than i 've had since i 've dreamed of skyla . 
 pathetic but true . 
 i speed down the hall to chloe 's old room . 
 it 's dark inside , so i switch on the light . 
 a girl 's canopy bed sits in the corner , and a cheer uniform lies rumpled on the floor . 
 must be skyla 's room now . 
 nice . 
 i shut the door and lock it . 
 her things are laid out in a display of organized chaos . 
 a tower of boxes leans against the wall , waiting to be unpacked . 
 i head over and lie on her bed , taking in the scent from her pillow like the pervert i 'm shaping up to be . 
 i guess this officiates my stalker standing . 
 i 've entered her bedroom uninvited , sniffed her pillow like it was the world 's most exotic perfume-what next ? 
 burying my face in her underwear ? 
 i shake the thought out of my head before it blooms into a morbid reality . 
 skyla 's room . 
 a dull smile forms on my lips . 
 here i am alone on her bed , while she 's at my house most likely getting attacked by logan . 
 crap . 
 i spring up to my feet and head toward the closet like a habit . 
 the cover to the butterfly room is still neatly in place , hiding the attic 's best-kept secret . 
 i teleport my way inside and pull the metal leash dangling from the ceiling , and the room fills with an explosion of light . 
 a chill runs up my spine , leaving my hair standing on edge . 
 chloe said there would be a new girl on the island one day-that she 'd be pretty . 
 chloe went as far as accusing her of wanting to take over her life , which proves she was nothing more than a deep well of paranoia . 
 i think skyla messenger could n't care less about chloe bishop , and for damn sure , i do n't think she 's here to take over her anything . 
 i wave my hands across the expanse of the walls , and the tissue-winged creatures flutter to life . 
 they loosen themselves from their pins and fly around the room in a flurry of pinks and blues . 
 nope , skyla is n't here for chloe . 
 i 'm pretty sure destiny brought her here for me . 
 now all i have to do is convince logan of that-and perhaps skyla , too . 
 *** i finally manage to haul ellis 's ass out the front door and drive us home before he gets too wasted to walk . 
 the lights are on in the kitchen , and i 'm hoping to find logan and skyla innocently indulging in milk and cookies at the table . 
 the kitchen 's empty . 
 i head for the family room , where the television refracts a blue rainbow across the walls in spasms . 
 and there they are . 
 shit . 
 skyla lies folded in logan 's arms like a kitten , her hair rumpled over the side in a waterfall of curls that i would pay in blood to bury my face in . 
 my stomach tightens at the sight . 
 i send my keys crashing to the coffee table , and the room rattles to life . 
 skyla bolts up , casting a glance every which way , still groggy and half asleep . 
 `` party 's still going strong . '' 
 i try to sound enthusiastic about it like it 's a good thing . 
 `` we should get back there . '' 
 she looks from me to logan . 
 he presses a kiss into her neck before stretching his arms to the ceiling . 
 must be nice . 
 skyla lowers her chin at him apologetically . 
 `` i really do love kissing you . '' 
 ha . 
 she fell asleep while he bored her with his body-classic . 
 logan should market his lips as the next best sleep aid . 
 logan shakes his head . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 he pulls her in by the waist , and everything in me burns with a jealous fire . 
 `` you 're going to want to kick everyone out . 
 no point in being a buzzkill . 
 besides , it 'll be four by the time we get there . '' 
 good old logan is still hopeful she 'll land in his bed tonight . 
 skyla relaxes into him . 
 `` i wo n't be able to sleep knowing they 're destroying the house . '' 
 `` nobody 's destroying anything . '' 
 i fall on the couch across from them and close my eyes a moment , trying to get the visual of logan 's body knotted up with hers out of my mind . 
 `` ellis was having a good time . 
 he did n't want to come home . '' 
 `` you have a good time ? '' 
 skyla asks , and i perk to attention . 
 if i say yes , she 'll think i 'm not that into her , but if i say no , she 'll think her party sucked , so i opt to change the subject . 
 i give a loose nod . 
 `` so you up on all the celestial b.s. ? '' 
 good , make it sound like no big deal . 
 `` it 's not b.s. '' her face crumbles , clearly hurt by my brilliant analogy . 
 i press out a dull smile . 
 i 'm screwed if i do and screwed if i do n't . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i pull a small pillow over my head . 
 maybe i should head upstairs and give them some privacy . 
 i bet he 's been wowing her with his extraterrestrial sexual abilities all night long . 
 unless , of course , he went traditional and taught her how to use her powers . 
 i peer out from under the pillow . 
 `` you guys try anything out ? '' 
 skyla gives him a dirty look and shakes her head . 
 looks like i 've found an open door . 
 `` maybe i 'll help you out sometime , '' i offer . 
 logan puffs up his chest like an ape gone wild . 
 `` maybe you wo n't , '' he counters . 
 `` i want to . '' 
 skyla says it loud enough to let logan know she means business . 
 `` i want to try things out . 
 and you said my powers could grow . 
 it 's like a muscle , right ? 
 the more you use it , the stronger it gets ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 logan grazes me with that i 'll - beat-the-shit-out-of-you-later look . 
 `` the more you use it , the more trouble you can get into . 
 definitely not like that . '' 
 `` i know enough to be careful , '' she says , determined not to end this conversation . 
 `` you know enough to be dangerous . '' 
 he says it so quickly it makes him sound like an ass . 
 i know he 's trying to protect her , but he 's efficiently pushing her away-hopefully in my direction . 
 skyla looks from logan to me as if she were deciding who to trust . 
 her eyes settle over mine , and a smile warms her lips . 
 skyla knows she can trust me . 
 i 'll make sure to fill every need logan denies her . 
 and dear god , i hope he denies her everything . 
 13 logan the battle standard the next morning , i wake to the heavenly scent of bacon . 
 the sound of the coffeemaker percolating in the distance has me craving a cup before my eyelids crack open . 
 i rouse from my stupor to find myself alone on the couch . 
 no sign of skyla , or gage , who i know for a fact fell asleep across from us like some night watchmen . 
 i 'll have to thank him later by gifting him a porcelain baptism . 
 i have n't shoved his head in the toilet in a good long while . 
 i think its time to employ some creative justice for his third-wheel performance . 
 i stumble into the kitchen and find gage showered and shaved , his hair slicked back and glossy . 
 skyla sits across from him at the breakfast nook while he tries to seduce her with those giant blue marbles stuck in his head . 
 she 's fixated on him , with her fingers revolving around a strand of her hair . 
 her leg bounces over her knee from under the table intermittently touching his , and neither one of them notices me standing here like some late-to-the-party douchebag . 
 i clear my throat and smile right at her . 
 `` so you ready to head out ? '' 
 *** unfortunately , skyla 's house has the appeal of a third-world country after a long , drawn out war in which they were pillaged , sacked , and efficiently destroyed . 
 we wade our way through discarded plastic cups and a sea of soda cans-a few condom wrappers sprinkled around for effect . 
 if skyla needed more evidence that brielle is rife with bad ideas , i think this should solidify the theory . 
 skyla walks from room to room whispering a steady choir of no , no , no . 
 the sofa is missing a cushion , and the curtains are hanging on for dear life . 
 i 'm pretty sure there 's damage here we wo n't be able to repair with a trash bag and a broom . 
 `` i 'm toast . '' 
 she turns and bolts upstairs . 
 my foot gets caught on something blue and lacey , and i pluck myself free from a bra with a black leather wallet nestled in one of the cups . 
 i open it up to see ellis 's goofy grin staring back at me . 
 `` figures . '' 
 i slip it in my pocket before heading upstairs where i find skyla busy hyperventilating at the end of the hall . 
 i peer into the master bedroom from over her shoulder , and see that the bed is wrecked . 
 the entire room has a general ground zero appeal to it . 
 `` i 'm going to die , '' she whimpers . 
 `` my parents are going to execute the world 's harshest judgment upon me , and i 'll never leave the house again . 
 we need to go back in time . '' 
 she snatches at my t-shirt as if this were a viable option . 
 i shake my head at the carnage . 
 `` you ca n't use that for something like this . 
 it falls under domestic detail . '' 
 crap . 
 it 'll take hours for the two of us get this place in shape . 
 `` i 'll call gage . '' 
 her eyes widen at the prospect , and my mood plummets . 
 `` we 'll clean up as much as we can . '' 
 drake and brielle emerge from his bedroom just as nat and kate show up . 
 downstairs , i try to put the furniture back in place , ignoring the fact that vital pieces are missing , like sofa cushions and a leg from the coffee table . 
 skyla comes into the living room and wraps her arms around my waist . 
 `` i might be homeless after today . '' 
 she bites down on her lower lip , greeting me with her bedroom eyes , and i can feel the heat rise in my pants , ten degrees . 
 skyla might be a lot of things after today , but homeless is n't one of them . 
 i 'd sell the bowling alley and buy her a house if i had to . 
 of course , it 'd be a one bedroom , and we 'd have to share the bed . 
 i lean in and brush her lips with a kiss . 
 she pulls me in by the back of the neck and offers something deeper , something that has the power to melt away third-world war zones and missing pieces of furniture . 
 her tongue swipes over mine in a heated exchange that assures me she 's more than willing to take this relationship to a viral level . 
 a ruckus in the entry catches our attention . 
 skyla pulls back with her hand still firmly planted over my neck . 
 gage ? 
 it 's not gage . 
 it 's her mother . 
 the funny thing is , that 's not who she was afraid would catch us . 
 gage an endless stream of black days drift by without skyla gracing me with her presence . 
 brielle asked me to pick her up for work this morning because her jeep is in the shop , and i was tempted to run over and see how skyla was doing . 
 i thought about teleporting to her room , maybe showing her the jewel that lurks in the attic and making the butterflies dance just for her-but apparently , her parents are pretty ticked . 
 according to logan , they accused her of sleeping with him and getting loaded on who knows what the night of the party . 
 i ca n't imagine skyla getting high or chugging down beers-hell , even the wine coolers i see michelle and her friends downing seems out of the realm of possibility . 
 skyla is innocent , far more so than her parents are aware of . 
 logan mentioned the fact she was still a virgin , and i swelled with relief when he said it . 
 i glance around at the bowling alley . 
 it 's dead today . 
 logan is busy in the kitchen , trying to work on the electrical panel . 
 i told him to leave it to the pros or he 's going to set himself on fire-which will be a first for a celestra-but he would n't hear of it . 
 an uninvited visual of skyla and logan pops in my head . 
 skyla 's parents view logan as her boyfriend . 
 skyla views logan as her boyfriend . 
 and soon , all of west high will solidify that status . 
 there 's no way i 'm getting between them once that happens . 
 if skyla shows no interest in me by the time fall rolls around , i 'm cutting loose any hope i 've sunk into those visions . 
 if they 're real , it 'll happen on its own . 
 and if not , i 'll wish skyla and logan a happily ever after-at least verbally . 
 mentally , she 'll still be mine . 
 i 've drilled her into my dna , stamped her soul over mine in every one of those dreams . 
 i grab a stack of score sheets and a pen before taking a seat overlooking the lanes . 
 i scribble out a few stupid sketches . 
 what i really want to do is write just one more f ** king poem . 
 mute days the battle 's first casualty is me . 
 all is quiet without my heart . 
 the girl who held it sailed away . 
 plant me face down where the headstones glitter , behind the church where the crosses bloom . 
 if she would have said my name , if she would have offered the bread of her lips , not even gravity could have held me down . 
 destiny offered her a fork in the road-she never considered my route . 
 i saw the beauty that resides in the unknowable future , our lips , our bodies fused as one . 
 but now those dreams , those visions are nothing more than holograms of what could have been . 
 everything is finished-her path converging with another . 
 i gave my heart away in a dream . 
 and i waited . 
 i still wait . 
 14 logan a kiss for you , a kiss for me skyla asked me to meet her at the mall , so i do . 
 i find her hovering over the fountain , the wind lifting her hair with its fingers , exposing her beauty for the entire world to see . 
 i ca n't shake the stupid grin blooming on my face as i pull her in and greet her by way of a deep-throated kiss . 
 `` let 's blow this joint , '' she says before glancing at the parking lot . 
 the last thing i need is spotting mia and melissa every five minutes . 
 they 're totally safe . 
 i can feel it in my creaky bones . 
 it 's not like i left them alone-they 're not seven . 
 they 're thirteen . 
 *** we start down the highway with the windows down . 
 a fresh whiff of soil and pine perfumes the air-paragon 's signature scent . 
 skyla showed off the fact she could get into my truck without breaking her neck , and i applauded the effort . 
 i would have sold the truck if she wanted me to-built her a scaffolding just to get in it if it were her wish . 
 there 's not a whole lot i would n't do for skyla . 
 `` so where you taking me ? '' 
 she shouts above the roar of the wind . 
 i had n't noticed her hair blowing wild until now , so i roll up the windows . 
 `` it 's a surprise . '' 
 i give a little wink . 
 i 've been meaning to take skyla to the black forest and teach her how to use her powers ever since that night gage threatened to do it himself . 
 there 's no way i 'm letting him wedge himself into our relationship . 
 speaking of which , i 'd like to drag his ass out here one day and do a little field practice using him as the ball . 
 we veer off the main road and drive down a curtain of pines . 
 the evergreens create a dark , looming circle , and the forest defuses the light in the clearing . 
 we get out of the truck , and skyla extends her arms , proud to have stuck the landing . 
 `` you take all the girls here ? '' 
 she flirts when she says it , but i can tell a natural curiosity is layered just beneath . 
 `` i do n't think i 've taken anyone here . '' 
 i pick up her hand and lead her down a pebbled path , deeper into the woods . 
 `` it 's kind of creepy . '' 
 even though i 'm with logan , i feel entirely vulnerable . 
 do n't . 
 we 're safe . 
 i reach up and clasp a fattened tree limb , snapping it in half with minimal effort . 
 skyla 's mouth opens with awe . 
 `` i 'm going to teach you how to do that . '' 
 i 'm breathless taking in the wonder on her face . 
 i want to teach her how to do far more intimate things and using our powers is nowhere near the top of the list . 
 `` i 'm all ears . '' 
 she steps into me like a seductress , and for moment , i wonder if this afternoon is going to take a turn for the fantastic . 
 `` first , you determine that you can do this . 
 before you choose what you 're going to do with your strength , you need to believe . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so i believe i can pluck this branch off . '' 
 she takes hold of what amounts to a twig , but i do n't call her on it . 
 she snatches it with a firm grip , and it bends like a rubber pretzel , every which way but loose . 
 `` you have to really believe . '' 
 i brush the hair from her eyes . 
 `` it 's a biblical principle . 
 you need to come from a place of knowing . 
 really understand that you 've been given the power , and if you doubt it 's possible-it will be impossible . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 she moves to another branch and repeats the effort , then another , each time choosing one more meager than the last . 
 `` ca n't do it . '' 
 she pants as if she 's exhausted . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i pull her in and scan the vicinity for a straight path that could double as a distance course . 
 `` let 's try speed . '' 
 i bend my knee and tuck my torso before bulleting over to a tree at least a hundred yards away . 
 skyla jumps up and down and crosses her arms over her head . 
 `` hey ! 
 how 'd you do that ? '' 
 the joy on her face is arrestingly attractive . 
 i 'd circle the planet if she 'd cheer for me like that in private . 
 i create a megaphone with my hands and shout , `` try it ! '' 
 skyla positions her body in the same manner i did . 
 damn , she 's hot bending over like that . 
 she looks at me from over her brows like she 's about to administer an ass kicking , not that 'd i mind . 
 right about now , i 'd take any physical contact she 'd be willing to offer . 
 she starts in on a sprint then breaks through the human speed barrier , landing next to me , severely out of breath . 
 `` you did it ! '' 
 i plant a kiss on the top of her head and twirl her in my arms . 
 the pine needles crush beneath my feet , and i think we should seriously consider testing how soft they are by rolling around on them . 
 skyla swallows a laugh as i bow into her with a feather-soft kiss . 
 there 's nothing else i want to do for the next several hours but breathe skyla . 
 a loud bang goes off in the woods , and we pull back . 
 a crack erupts overhead and we look up just in time to spot a branch the size of a refrigerator toppling in our direction . 
 i scoop up skyla and get out of the way . 
 `` that could have killed us ! '' 
 her heart beats erratic against me as she stares horrified at the mass of foliage . 
 `` i believe that was the plan . '' 
 we might be safe for now , but i know damn well the fun is just beginning . 
 nev sits perched about fifty feet away , his feathers twitching as if affirming there 's trouble . 
 i flick a finger and signal for him to go for help . 
 the last person i want on my date with skyla is gage , but if things go the way i think they will , we just might need him . 
 `` it 's that raven , '' she whispers . 
 `` what is that , your bird or something ? '' 
 i open my mouth to correct her , but opt to dodge the topic for now . 
 `` it sends a signal . '' 
 `` ca n't you just use your cell ? '' 
 `` it 's more than that . '' 
 i dig a half-smile into my cheek . 
 skyla has the power to melt me , even in the face of danger . 
 `` c'mon . '' 
 i pull her in and lead us back to the truck . 
 a thick plume of fog settles in the woods , hugging the ground , the tree trunks until everything around us melts like a dream . 
 a rancid smell clots up the air , and skyla covers her nose with her sleeve . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` it 's a fem . '' 
 i can hear its footsteps , faint like a heartbeat against the cushioned forest floor . 
 i pull her in tight by the shoulders and keep us moving through the maze of evergreens . 
 `` we have to outrun it , or it 'll kill us . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i 'm gon na die . 
 my mother is going to find me in forest eaten by a fem . 
 `` it 's going to eat me , is n't it ? '' 
 `` it might . '' 
 it 's nice to know i ca n't count on the luxury of lying when i need it the most . 
 although , nothing in me ever wants to lie to skyla . 
 i case out the woods with my head spinning in every direction at once . 
 the sky peers in through the dismal branches . 
 the fog puffs its luminescent glow like a streetlamp , blinding me wherever i look . 
 i ca n't get my bearings . 
 it 's getting closer . 
 i can feel it . 
 shit . 
 i scoop skyla up and bolt through the maze of gnarled branches . 
 she buries her face in my chest in fear . 
 i feel horrible for ever thinking it was a good idea to bring her here . 
 a dark shadow stains our path as tall as an elephant . 
 i look up and there it is-a fem with its leathery tail , its thick skin gnarled like an alligator . 
 it 's the last thing i want skyla to see , so i let out a ferocious roar to let it know i 'm not in the mood to dick around . 
 skyla peers up at me . 
 the whites of her eyes go off like lanterns as she shrinks in my arms . 
 the fem comes in fast . 
 i hop up high into the branches , securing skyla a spot nestled near the trunk . 
 if this is going down , it 's for sure not happening with skyla in my arms . 
 i jump down and lunge at the creature . 
 the fem rises . 
 a gurgle escapes its throat as he straightens at least twelve feet in the air . 
 he falls over me and bellows a hiss that threatens to blow out my eardrums . 
 i thrash the beast onto its back and try to secure his arms , but he folds me in half and tosses me through the air , easy as crumpled paper . 
 i land flat on my tailbone , sending a fire line of pain straight to my skull . 
 a fallen branch catches my attention and i carefully maneuver over to it before the fem reels me in like a fish . 
 i wait for the perfect shot , and then spear the branch into its neck like a javelin . 
 it twists and writhes , hissing like an expired tire as i jump over its chest . 
 `` skyla ! '' 
 i call out , disoriented as to where i left her . 
 a whimper goes off behind me , and i spin to find her perched up high , peering at me from over her arm . 
 `` you kill it ? '' 
 it comes out weak , as if she does n't believe it were possible . 
 damn straight , i killed it . 
 `` take a picture . '' 
 i laugh holding out my arms . 
 `` you 're insane if you think i 'm digging around for my phone . '' 
 gage appears from thin air directly beneath skyla with his arms open and waiting like some ready and willing prince charming . 
 `` jump , and i 'll catch you , '' he encourages . 
 he did n't need to do that . 
 he could have just as easily gone up there to get her . 
 `` no , '' she shouts down at him . 
 `` i 'm very afraid of heights . 
 i 'll need hours of therapy to repair the damage done here today . '' 
 looks like the dark knight 's big , bad plan backfired . 
 i climb the branches so fast that skyla pushes back with surprise when i appear beside her . 
 i bless the top of her head with a kiss before lowering us back to earth , soft and gentle like a leaf carried by the wind . 
 the fem lets out a viral hiss and dissipates in a wall of vapors . 
 his foul odor magnifies through the area like some demonic calling card , leaving us gasping for air . 
 i carry skyla all the way back to the truck and buckle her in . 
 `` smells like raw sewage . '' 
 she says through the sleeve of her sweater , and i dot her forehead with a kiss . 
 i circle around to the driver 's side and catch gage already seated next to her-swear to god , it looks like he just gave her a kiss . 
 by the time i arrive , he 's long gone . 
 lucky for him-i was going to arrange for him to kiss the windshield on the way home . 
 not really , but i 'm getting there . 
 `` what exactly is a fem ? '' 
 skyla asks as i climb in . 
 `` and please tell me that was the last one . '' 
 `` a fem can change shapes to be whatever it wants-whatever it thinks will frighten you and weaken your defenses . '' 
 her face goes pale against the backdrop of the necrotic woods . 
 `` and what do they want ? '' 
 she whispers , almost afraid to ask . 
 `` they personally do n't want anything . 
 they 're a lower faction of the sectors . 
 they do all the spiritual dirty work . 
 it 's been long believed that countenance hire them out to do their bidding , but of course , they deny it . 
 there 's not enough evidence to bring them to the justice alliance . '' 
 `` you said they hire them out . '' 
 she glances out at the blackened sky . 
 `` what 's their currency ? '' 
 `` it 's a power exchange . 
 i do n't know how it works . 
 all i know is if you ever come upon a fem , one of you will be leaving dead . '' 
 and today , it was n't me . 
 `` i could never kill anything like that . 
 i 'd be too afraid . '' 
 `` that 's why it looks the way it does , because it wants to scare you . 
 you have to remember it 's nothing more than a ball of air . '' 
 it was all i could think of , but in the end it 's true . 
 `` ball of air . '' 
 she shakes her head , unconvinced . 
 i bet right about now , skyla regrets ever setting foot on paragon . 
 *** by the time we get back the mall , it 's a ghost town with half the shops already closing their doors . 
 i walk hand in hand with skyla over to the movie theater , and it feels like we 're an official couple . 
 a couple should be able to share everything with one another , especially the truth . 
 but after what just happened , i do n't want to tell her how much danger i think she 's in . 
 fems do n't just shoot out of the forest unless someone 's sicced them after you . 
 she flashes a quick smile up at me between talking to her mother on the phone and texting her sisters . 
 `` so you 're like a superhero . '' 
 she slides her shoulder into my chest . 
 `` so are you . '' 
 i push back before securing my arm around her waist . 
 `` yeah , but you killed a dragon . 
 that practically makes you a prince . '' 
 she bats her lashes , driving me insane in the process . 
 `` it was n't a dragon , but it might be next time . '' 
 it could be twenty dragons , but i leave that detail out . 
 `` and if i 'm a prince , you must be a princess . '' 
 she is in my book-in the story of our lives . 
 skyla lands a kiss at the base of my neck . 
 she runs her tongue up my jaw in a heated line , and everything in me wishes we were anywhere but here . 
 `` it 's pretty amazing that we 're both celestra , '' she moans into me . 
 `` we could have an entire faction of perfect celestrial beings running around one day . '' 
 i like her line of thinking . 
 i go to correct her-that it 's celestial and not celestrial-and a thought comes to me , about as welcome as a landmine . 
 shit . 
 my features darken with the epiphany . 
 there 's no way in hell the counts will tolerate a perfect celestra family . 
 not now , not ever . 
 `` or flying , '' i take a breath as i change the subject . 
 `` we could always learn to fly . '' 
 `` so we can learn other gifts ? '' 
 she swings our hands , innocent of the hurdles the future undoubtedly holds . 
 `` yeah , but it 's like learning the piano for the very first time or another language . 
 it takes great effort to master it . 
 with your natural gifts , you just need to believe . 
 he does the rest for you . '' 
 `` who 's he ? '' 
 she glances around with suspicion . 
 `` master . '' 
 i point up . 
 her cell goes off , and she inspects it with a frown before answering . 
 her face explodes with worry . 
 skyla hangs up without saying a word . 
 `` i have to find the girls , '' she bleats . 
 i purchase a pair of tickets so we can get into the theater . 
 hopefully we can locate her sisters before her mother banishes her from ever leaving the house again . 
 we split up in hopes to divide and conquer , but i do n't see a sign of her sisters anywhere . 
 skyla meets me by the concession stand without her siblings in tow , so i guess the answer to whether or not she found them is a big , fat no . 
 `` they 're not anywhere . '' 
 she rattles me by the shoulders in a panic . 
 `` you think someone took them ? '' 
 before i can answer , a loud bang ignites on the other side of the window . 
 skyla and i look up to find her mother looking good and pissed , glaring right at me as if i were solely responsible for everything that 's transpired tonight , and i might be . 
 skyla mouths goodbye and speeds in her direction . 
 the theater lets out , and i blend into the crowd as i make my way outside . 
 i follow skyla and her mother all the way to the parking lot and watch as they take off without her sisters . 
 it makes me wonder what in the hell happened to those girls and why . 
 gage i 'm showered and shaved and ready to meet with skyla at lexy bakova 's party tonight . 
 after encountering a fem in the forest earlier , i 'm sure she 's ready to let loose a little . 
 if skyla 's parents let her hang out at the mall all day , for sure she 'll be at the party . 
 they ca n't be that aggressively insane . 
 i pause just shy of pulling a soda from the fridge . 
 that kiss we shared in logan 's truck replays in my mind . 
 well , okay , maybe `` shared '' is a bit of a stretch , but she did n't slap me when i planted one on her , so that 's a good start . 
 although , i did manage to teleport myself back into my bedroom like a coward as soon as our lips made contact . 
 truth is , i did n't want to hang around and wait for the rejection . 
 the last thing i saw was the look of surprise on her face , her lips parted like they wanted to meet with mine . 
 logan pushes into my arm and knocks me out of the way before retrieving a drink for himself . 
 `` you 're wasting electricity . '' 
 he manufactures a smile . 
 `` and what the hell was that , ` jump and i 'll catch you ' crap you pulled today ? '' 
 he cracks open his soda and pours a third of it down his throat . 
 `` she needed help . '' 
 and i like the thought of being the one to catch her when she falls . 
 `` mmm , '' he nods as he swallows . 
 `` what are you all spit-shined for ? '' 
 he raises a brow , inspecting my fresh pressed clothes . 
 `` lexy . '' 
 i say it flat , bored , like i mean it-like i 'm not really trying to throw him off the bunny trail and into a bear trap for the hell of it . 
 `` big party . 
 you going ? 
 oh , that 's right , you and skyla probably want to be alone . 
 are you going to lure her to the base of devil 's peak ? 
 see if you could get any sea fems to scare the crap out of her ? 
 maybe they 'll yank her head off and use it as a buoy ? '' 
 he pulls his cheek to the side , not in the least amused by my efforts to entertain him . 
 `` i 'll be at lexy 's conducting operation take-the-diary-back-from miller . '' 
 he digs his palm into his eye , trying to wipe away the fatigue , a sure sign he overdid it in the you show-me-yours-and-i 'll - show-you-mine super powers department . 
 `` skyla lost track of her sisters . 
 turns out they took a bus to the east side mall , and skyla was busted for not watching them , so she 's stuck at home . '' 
 `` nice work . '' 
 damn . 
 so much for going to lexy 's . 
 maybe i should accidentally morph into skyla 's bedroom ? 
 tell her , my wires got crossed or something equally lame and desperate . 
 i 'm sure i 'd give her a heart attack in the process . 
 not quite the night i had envisioned . 
 not that i could teleport freely without getting low on juice-i 'd end up walking home or worse , calling logan for a ride . 
 of course , skyla would want his company , and i 'd land them together in my effort to pull them apart . 
 i glance over at him . 
 i 'm not really trying to pull them apart . 
 i 'm just going down fighting , that 's all . 
 logan nods to the door `` let 's do this . '' 
 `` there 's something i got ta finish upstairs . '' 
 i shake my head ever so slightly and wonder how in the hell i grew so desperate so damn fast . 
 `` go ahead and take off . 
 i 'll meet you there . '' 
 `` perfect . 
 i 'll let lex know you 're on your way . '' 
 he leans in mockingly . 
 `` set out the feelers for you . '' 
 he knows darn well i could n't care less if lexy greeted me naked . 
 `` you do that , '' i shout as he takes off . 
 instead , i go with plan b and teleport over to skyla 's neck of the woods . 
 i land by the foot of the driveway just as the minivan comes barreling down , swerving left and right , nearly taking out the mailbox at the bottom . 
 i jump back and spot drake at the wheel and brielle in the passenger 's seat , laughing and clapping like they 've just robbed a bank . 
 a girl with long , golden hair sits clutching her neck in the back-skyla . 
 looks like she 's going to the party after all . 
 i teleport myself over to my truck in the event skyla needs a ride home later . 
 i give a private smile as i rev the engine . 
 something tells me she will . 
 *** lexy lives just down the road , so i beat drake by about fifteen minutes . 
 i hang out in front with a group of ellis 's stoner friends , soaking in the toxic cloud until i see the minivan pull up across the street . 
 skyla heads over in a pair of tight jeans and heels , that sends my blood rushing south of the border . 
 i swallow hard at the beautiful sight . 
 this is it-my moment to shine . 
 logan is inside , pawing over michelle . 
 hate to say it , but i might need to cast a spotlight on that little lapse of judgment he 's busy committing . 
 skyla spots me and waves , sending my anxiety to all-time high . 
 i take a full step back , nervous as hell as she speeds in my direction . 
 her hair sparkles as the fog adheres to her curls . 
 it wraps itself around her body like a dress made of stardust , loving her in the most intimate way possible and for the first time in my life , i envy the airborne precipitation . 
 `` it 's really me . '' 
 she holds out her hands , baffled by the fact she 's stunned me into submission . 
 `` you look '' - i take a breath - `` amazing . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she gives a quick glance to the house , her lips press together as if she were embarrassed . 
 `` i just told logan to come on down . '' 
 she lowers her voice when she says it , glancing at the ground as if somehow bringing him up were her way of letting me know she 's taken . 
 she has no idea he 's already inside setting his sights on somebody else , even if it is for a somewhat noble cause-skyla herself . 
 `` so , you all right ? '' 
 a plume of fog escapes my lips and enwreathes her with a halo . 
 here we are under the stars , breathing the same air-and with logan nowhere to be found . 
 this is it . 
 it 's now or never . 
 if she shows no interests , if i lose my balls and do n't make my move , i might as well giftwrap her and leave her on logan 's bed . 
 `` i 'm '' - she glances up , frustrated - `` completely freaked out . 
 i do n't know what i 'd have done if i was alone . 
 for sure , i would n't be standing here . 
 i owe logan my life . '' 
 perfect . 
 skyla slapped me in the face with his name and does n't even know it . 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 a dry laugh rumbles from me as i try to make light of it . 
 the truth is , i 'd rather be impaled on the flagpole at west than believe she could never love me , that logan was her everything . 
 just beyond the house , a bare slope catches my attention . 
 there 's not another soul in that direction , just privacy for miles with the sparkling haze giving it that fairytale effect . 
 if ever there was someone in desperate need of a happy ending , it 's me . 
 i do n't say a word , just motion over to the side yard and skyla walks next to me until we hit the south end of the house . 
 here we are . 
 alone-in the dark . 
 a wild panic sails through me . 
 what the hell am i doing ? 
 i 've never even kissed a girl before . 
 for sure what happened in the truck earlier did n't count for more than a friendly peck . 
 there were plenty of opportunities for me to have practiced , plenty of offers that i kindly rejected , because i wanted to gift my first kiss to the girl of my dreams-skyla . 
 and now , a tiny part of me regrets that . 
 it 's my natural inclination to want to devour her , but i 'm pretty sure that 's not how you go about it . 
 her shoulders loosen , and she gives an easy smile . 
 `` so why do n't you go in there and fight some of those girls off for a while ? '' 
 she says the words without an ounce of conviction . 
 `` i do n't want to be in there . '' 
 i back her into the wall until the warmth of her body pulsates over mine in waves , never taking my eyes off hers . 
 `` i want to be out here . 
 with you . '' 
 she glances over my shoulder as her breathing reduces to a nervous quiver . 
 the air lights up with the heavy perfume of the eucalyptus , and for the first time , i wonder if maybe skyla wants this , too-if she wants us and everything those visions laid out like a carnal promise . 
 `` you know , '' she whispers with a reserved smile , `` i kind of have this thing going with logan , and ... '' i push in until we 're just a breath away . 
 i do n't want to talk about logan . 
 i want to flip a u-turn in her heart and send her running into my arms , ready and willing . 
 heat emanates from her body as if she were on fire . 
 this is it . 
 do something-say something . 
 `` if i 'm going to marry you one day , we 're going to have to do this-a lot . '' 
 i crash our lips together like thunder , sweeping my tongue softly over hers and my insides squeeze tight . 
 this is nuclear , every wonderful emotion i 've felt since birth detonating all at once . 
 this was no platonic exchange of affection . 
 this was lust , years in the making , a future spelled out in prophesies and visions , every wet dream i 've ever had , reenacting itself in this one glorious kiss . 
 this is passion that spans the ages-a love story written with every writhing ache of our tongues . 
 skyla takes in a sharp breath and slaps her hands over my chest . 
 before i know it , she 's launched me three feet out . 
 she darts back to the house , but i do n't follow . 
 i 'm still trying to catch my breath from the sheer f ** king beauty of what just happened . 
 i 'd get down on my knees and beg for another if i thought she 'd give it to me . 
 i 'd let her tie me up and have her way with me if she wanted . 
 who am i kidding ? 
 i 'd be honored to have her slap me into next week . 
 *** after getting a contact high from ellis and his band of doobie brothers , i find skyla inside , eyeing logan like she 's about to rip him a new one . 
 it 's nice to know he 's able to piss her off on his own without my interference . 
 i step in beside her and do n't say a word . 
 `` you know he 's just using her , right ? '' 
 she whispers , watching michelle stroke logan by the fire . 
 logan reaches up and lands his arm over her shoulder , touching her bare neck with his fingers , and i give a private smile at the invisible noose he 's inadvertently tightening . 
 poor bastard . 
 i supposed michelle will be there to pick up the pieces once skyla plucks his balls off and shoves them down his throat . 
 `` he 's just listening in . '' 
 it sails from her lips more like a question . 
 she might be right , but i 'll be the last person to agree . 
 `` i would never do that to you , '' i whisper it in her ear like a promise-a vow . 
 `` why does he want this diary so bad , anyway ? '' 
 her forehead erupts in a series of lines . 
 everything in me wants to take her in my arms and comfort her . 
 `` he thinks it has some vital piece of information . '' 
 there , i did n't throw him under the imaginary bus and tell her something goofy like he 's gunning for a blowjob , which might have been the truth pre-skyla . 
 `` to what ? 
 get her killers ? '' 
 i hope all of this talk of chloe 's diary is n't setting off feelings of jealousy . 
 chloe is dead . 
 regardless , even if chloe were living , skyla could have her pick of logan or me . 
 i glare over at him . 
 `` you know what they say about a fool ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she makes a face at my comparison of the golden boy and the `` f '' word . 
 `` give him enough rope-he 'll hang himself . '' 
 it 's kind of hard to deny when you 're watching it play out in real time . 
 michelle yanks him in and lands a kiss over his lips . 
 holy shit . 
 could this get any better ? 
 logan pulls away , less than enthused by her show of affection . 
 `` he 's gone too far . '' 
 skyla can barely get the words out through her pain , and now i feel like crap . 
 okay , it 's not funny anymore . 
 i suddenly feel the urge to go over and kick logan 's ass myself . 
 might do it anyway for the hell of it . 
 `` take me home . '' 
 skyla turns into me with a look of incurable pain . 
 `` sure , '' i say , barely above a whisper . 
 i do n't like seeing the hurt in her eyes . 
 logan and his thirst for the pendant are tearing her apart . 
 *** my fingers latch around hers as i lead her out into the cool night . 
 `` i do n't really feel like going home . '' 
 skyla dabs at the corner of her eyes to keep the tears at bay . 
 god-please do n't let her cry . 
 crying is the one emotion i 'm not ready to tackle with skyla . 
 i help her into the truck and drive away from the bodies milling around the periphery of lexy 's home . 
 i speed down the road , trying to distract her with my questionable driving skills , but she sets in on a full-blown sob . 
 shit . 
 i 'm going to kill logan . 
 her back trembles as she buries her face in her palms , so i pull off to the shoulder and kill the engine . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i unbuckle myself and scoot in , offering her a box of tissues that mom insists i keep in the truck . 
 i hold them out like a peace offering . 
 i 'm half-afraid she 'll pull my balls off for having the misfortune of sharing the same moniker as the douchebag who 's responsible for the waterfall of tears . 
 a trail of light spears across the sky , and i point at it . 
 `` look , '' i whisper . 
 a shooting star . 
 it must mean something . 
 it 's a sign . 
 it has to be . 
 on a magical night like tonight , everything seems to be a compass pointing toward our future . 
 i wrap my arm around her waist as her mood improves with the natural wonder , taking place outside . 
 her smile fades with the star , and she looks over at me mournfully before relaxing into my chest . 
 i pick up her hand and trace out the white spots that dot her flesh , pale as seashells . 
 `` are you sizing my finger ? '' 
 she teases . 
 `` no , that 's your other hand . 
 i 'm looking for trail marks . '' 
 `` i do n't think i got any scratches today . '' 
 a dry laugh rattles through me and jostles her body in rhythm with mine . 
 `` trail marks have to do with time travel . '' 
 i interlace our fingers softly , hoping she wo n't mind or notice . 
 `` they 're white dots that bleach into your skin . 
 no one knows why they appear , they just do . '' 
 i 'll tell her every truth i know if it 'll make her mine . 
 `` sort of like a passport . '' 
 she traces them out with her finger . 
 `` is that one ? '' 
 i flip on the overhead light . 
 `` son of a gun . 
 it is , '' i whisper . 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 `` i do n't have a clue . 
 i do n't remember anything . '' 
 `` you must have gone somewhere . 
 think . '' 
 i run my fingers over her hand-rub her skin as if it were foreplay . 
 `` look , there 's another one . '' 
 she points just shy of her wrist . 
 `` you really get around , do n't you ? '' 
 i take her in , drinking down the visual of her sitting in my truck and freeze frame it in my mind in the event it 's the first and last time . 
 so this is what it would be like to have a girlfriend in my life-not just any girl but this one-the right one . 
 skyla reaches up and turns off the overhead light . 
 her face fills with remorse , and i can tell logan is creeping back into her mind . 
 `` how 'd you like the kiss ? '' 
 i should have never asked . 
 i should have landed another one to give her something new to think about . 
 `` it was all right . '' 
 she scratches at my chest and gives an impish grin . 
 skyla loses all expression . 
 her eyes widen with a deer-in-the-headlights look , and i lean in for the kill . 
 i cup the side of her face and draw her in . 
 my lips crash over hers , and her mouth opens for me without hesitation . 
 the world around us dissolves to nothing as she enters my mouth with a fiery exchange . 
 we kiss for a thousand years . 
 the dull ache in my stomach explodes with a sweetness i do n't ever want to forget . 
 the steam rises in the cab . 
 this is a kiss that threatens to combust the universe with the heat from our desire . 
 i can feel it . 
 i can feel skyla wanting me-her hungry , urgent kisses , that soft moan vibrating from her chest to mine . 
 my pants tighten at the crotch as she ignites the hard-on of a lifetime . 
 skyla runs her fingers through my hair , rides her hand over my back as if she can hardly contain her affection . 
 her tongue latches onto mine , and she digs in deep . 
 everything in me begs to explode . 
 i slip my hand up the back of her sweater-touch her searing skin and groan . 
 this is a night with no limits . 
 the headlights of reality have been switched off , and we 're running loose on the euphoria of what might be . 
 i round my hand to the front , touch the lace of her bra , and hold on , because i 'm about to lose it . 
 a series of angry knocks explode over the driver 's side window and abruptly ends the heated exchange between skyla and me . 
 the door swings open . 
 a pair of arms reach in and extract me into the night . 
 i catch a side glimpse of logan 's pissed off face as he rains down his hatred over me with his fists . 
 he jams his knuckles into my mouth with rapid-fire aggression , and my jaw pops from the hostile assault . 
 `` fuck , '' i groan , trying to gain my footing . 
 i flatten over the asphalt as he knocks my head into the road-my skull explodes as a wild jolt of pain fires through me . 
 i bring my knee to his balls , and he does the same like a reflex . 
 it goes on for an eternity until a pair of headlights pull up . 
 skyla 's heels scuttle over the road as she gets into the waiting car , and they take off . 
 i sit up , panting , watching the minivan evaporate in the fog . 
 logan lands one more punch square across my jaw , and i land flat against the concrete one last time . 
 my head bounces like a melon , and the world dissolves to darkness . 
 15 logan set my heart on fire shit-i almost killed him . 
 i almost killed gage , and yet , if i were in his shoes , i would n't have done anything different . 
 i 'm too ashamed to tell barron what i 've done , so i help gage upstairs to his bedroom and find him an ice pack . 
 god forbid emma gets wind of this . 
 she 'd have me drawn , quartered , and minced in tomorrow night 's stew . 
 `` sorry , man . '' 
 i slap a hand over his shoulder . 
 i do n't think i could ever convey what shit i feel like for bashing his head in . 
 gage looks up at me groggily . 
 his dimples twitch as he pulls his lips into a dissatisfied line . 
 `` it 's all right , '' he groans , rolling over on his side . 
 `` i 'll kick your ass some other time . '' 
 `` looking forward to it . '' 
 i mock shoot him as i head to my room . 
 i call skyla before i ever hit the bed . 
 `` make it quick . '' 
 her voice rasps from the other line as if she 's been crying . 
 if i did n't feel like crap before , i do now . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 it strains from my vocal cords because i know those two words will never be enough . 
 `` will you accept my apology ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she darts the word right through my heart . 
 `` i 'm just being honest . '' 
 `` i would n't ask anything else . '' 
 maybe a little lie just this once . 
 we do n't say anything for a long time , just sit and listen to the sound of one another breathing . 
 `` i wish i was with you . '' 
 i 'd die to hold her tonight . 
 to take this pain i 've inflicted and evict it from the planet-to hold her until all memory of me with my arm around another girl , fades away . 
 `` there 's so much more i want to say , '' i whisper . 
 a quiet sniffle emits from the other end of the line . 
 oh , shit . 
 `` i made you cry . '' 
 it wrenches from me , deep with regret . 
 i do n't deserve her-for sure , i should stay the hell away from her . 
 she deserves someone sweet and honest , like gage . 
 `` you do n't have to forgive me , '' i whisper . 
 `` i do n't think i can forgive myself . '' 
 she gives a ragged breath as if protesting the idea . 
 `` did you get the diary ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 and if michelle gets her way , i never will . 
 she 's reveling in the special attention i 've been doling out . 
 `` are you done with trying ? '' 
 i do n't say a word . 
 i want to tell her i could n't care less if that pendant ever made its way back to me , but it 's not true . 
 i need it now-more than ever-for skyla . 
 `` i guess i have my answer , '' she huffs , good and pissed . 
 `` listen , i got ta go . 
 tell gage i said , hi , would you ? '' 
 the line goes dead . 
 her words reverberate in my head like a tuning fork . 
 tell gage i said hi . 
 a slap in the face would have stung less . 
 *** gage shows up to breakfast wearing a stupid grin . 
 `` morning , honey . '' 
 emma pinches the fabric of her blouse . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 i know what she 's going to ask . 
 apparently , she 's no longer allowed to wear light blue to the daycare center because there 's an off-chance that it gives the aide in her room hives . 
 personally , i 'd fire the aide and wear whatever the hell i wanted . 
 `` what color does this look like to you ? '' 
 she directs the question to gage . 
 she 's already asked both barron and me . 
 we agreed it was purple , much to her delight . 
 gage examines it a moment . 
 `` skyla blue . '' 
 he takes a seat at the table and starts heaping eggs onto a plate without catching his gaff . 
 `` is n't that logan 's girlfriend 's name ? '' 
 emma sucks in a breath at what this might mean . 
 you tell him emma . 
 `` sky blue . '' 
 gage looks up with his fork frozen midflight . 
 `` that 's what i meant . 
 sorry-i hit my head last night . '' 
 he glares over at me . 
 emma claps her hand over her mouth . 
 `` you 've fallen in love with her , have n't you ? '' 
 she wastes no time throwing around accusations-accurate ones , no less . 
 barron ruffles his feathers over at gage and now it looks as if both of his parents might be tempted to do a little head bashing themselves . 
 i let out a chuckle . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 emma snipes . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i shake my head over at gage . 
 `` he 's right , he hit his head-i hit his head-on accident . '' 
 emma runs her fingers through his hair as she examines him and gasps . 
 `` were you boys fighting again ? '' 
 barron gives a dissatisfied grunt . 
 `` logan , you 're old enough to know better . '' 
 `` you 're stronger than he is . '' 
 emma says it with such conviction that i almost believe her . 
 `` thank you , '' i nod into her . 
 it 's not true , both gage and i know it . 
 `` it was over that girl , was n't it ? '' 
 emma is ready to beat the shit out of this dead horse and ride its bones all the way home , trampling our backs to get there . 
 `` you 're both head over heels , and now you 've come to blows over her . '' 
 `` it was just a love tap . '' 
 i wink over at gage . 
 `` is n't that right , sweetie ? '' 
 i knock into his shin from under the table . 
 `` be quiet . '' 
 gage sighs . 
 `` and yes '' - he glances up at emma - `` it was over skyla . 
 i 'm in love with logan 's ` girlfriend , ' but in my defense , i have visions that prove she 's going to marry me one day . '' 
 he glares over at me as emma and barron both stop breathing . 
 barron clears his throat . 
 `` a daughter-in-law , em , is n't that great ? '' 
 he gives a hesitant smile , clearly terrified of the impending wrath . 
 `` a wife ? '' 
 she says it amused , just this side of psychotic . 
 emma 's lips begin to twitch a million miles an hour , and i hope to god she 's not about to drop dead , no thanks to gage and his future nuptial standing . 
 i take gage in with his dark hair , those dimples you could jam your fists in , and i want to . 
 i 'm not amused . 
 i 'm downright pissed he chose to break the news to his parents like pulling the pin on a grenade at breakfast . 
 gage does n't care who he hurts as long as he gets skyla in the end . 
 he 's claiming her as his own , throwing his visions and his parents into the mix to rattle me . 
 i push back from the table and get up to leave . 
 `` stay the f ** k away from my girlfriend . '' 
 i say each word like it were its own sentence . 
 emma straightens and takes in a breath . 
 `` what he said , '' she hisses at gage before snatching her keys from the entry and taking off for work . 
 at least i 've got emma on my side . 
 *** west paragon high melts in and out of the fog like a dream that 's about to turn into a brutal scholastic nightmare-school . 
 anyway , football season is upon us , and i do love that , plus skyla is enrolled , so things are looking up already . 
 even cerberus 's three-headed snarl looks a little prettier stamped over the gym just knowing she 'll grace the campus with that heavenly bod . 
 i scan the crowd for skyla as students race through the halls of the administration building . 
 the fall schedules are pinned to the boards , and everyone and their mother is craning their necks in hopes of a preview . 
 i spot a stack of individual copies set out to the side , and i snatch up mine and skyla 's . 
 i scan the two of them , and my heart drops . 
 shit . 
 i have no f ** king classes with her and my prognosticating relation has every single one ? 
 i glance over at gage and wince with suspicion . 
 skyla 's coming this way with drake and brielle but before she can get here ellis blocks her off at the pass . 
 great . 
 now i 've got harrison to deal with . 
 `` i got you in two classes . '' 
 ellis slides his glasses up his nose . 
 he must have lost his contacts . 
 it 's hit or miss with the spectacles , but i know for a fact it drives the girls wild-at least that 's what he tells me . 
 let 's hope skyla does n't have a weak spot for stoners with glasses . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 she turns her shoulder up in my direction as if evicting me from her line of vision . 
 `` it 's posted up on the wall . '' 
 harrison sports his killer grin as if he were about to score skyla for himself . 
 `` oh . 
 i thought we were registering . '' 
 she glances over at gage before reverting her full attention to ellis . 
 `` nope , just copying a list they were too lazy to send . 
 plus , this way they get you to sign up for the after-school stuff without infringing on their precious time . '' 
 `` so what classes do we have together ? '' 
 she produces an ear-to-ear grin for no particular reason . 
 if she 's trying to make me jealous , she 'd have much higher success by indulging gage in another liplock . 
 on second thought , grinning at ellis is a much better idea . 
 i step in between the two of them just as gage takes off toward brielle . 
 `` ellis , will you excuse us a minute ? '' 
 i do n't take my eyes off skyla . 
 she 's got her hair pulled back , and her earlobe is taunting the hell out of me to take a bite . 
 he looks over at her . 
 `` you want me to leave you two alone ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 what were those classes again ? '' 
 she steps around me and takes a look at the paper in his hands . 
 `` sociology and algebra two . '' 
 i balk at the thought of ellis ever qualifying for higher mathematics . 
 `` algebra two ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` you must be really good at math . 
 i 'm going to need lots of tutoring . '' 
 skyla smears the words like she 's frosting a cake . 
 `` are you done ? '' 
 i shove ellis back a good foot in the event he did n't pick up on the i 'll - be-kicking-your-ass-later look i just shot him . 
 `` enough , '' skyla shouts . 
 `` i 'll talk to you . '' 
 she glances back at ellis . 
 `` thank you . 
 i look forward to your help . '' 
 `` for the record '' - i touch my hand to my chest - `` i tutored him in math two years in a row . '' 
 `` like i said , you 're a real superhero , '' she seethes . 
 `` so how long before you get your girlfriend 's diary back ? 
 a week ? 
 a month ? 
 next two years ? 
 i really do n't want your excuses . '' 
 `` i 'm not making excuses . '' 
 i lean into her . 
 `` i checked the schedule . 
 you know how many classes we have together ? '' 
 `` you and me , or you and michelle ? '' 
 `` you and me , '' i whisper her face explodes with color . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 she tilts her head , hopeful . 
 `` none . '' 
 it hurts to even say it . 
 `` none ? '' 
 her voice raises two octaves and solidifies the fact she still has feelings for me-or that her plans of cheating off my papers have been reduced to nil . 
 `` what are the odds , right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she blows out a pressured breath . 
 `` what about lunch ? '' 
 `` you have b , i have a. '' i hand her a copy . 
 `` lovely . '' 
 you can practically see her mind reeling with possibilities . 
 skyla steps away and examines her classes with great intensity . 
 she glances up and makes a beeline over to gage . 
 `` did you do this ? '' 
 i can hear her voice rising from the swarm of the crowd , ripe with accusation . 
 he shakes his head while feeding her some bullshit line . 
 michelle comes up and snatches the schedule from my hands . 
 `` nice , '' she says , slapping me some skin for scoring two classes with her . 
 i glance over at skyla , and sure enough , she 's glaring in this direction . 
 we lock eyes for a moment before she turns her back to me . 
 skyla combs her fingers through gage 's hair and takes a bold step into him until her body relaxes against his . 
 i get it . 
 play with the fire that is michelle miller , and get burned by losing skyla forever . 
 it 's as clear as those crystal blue eyes of hers . 
 gage the next day , the clouds press against the island with their dark-sooted bellies , holding the heat to the ground like a skillet . 
 every now and again , a light rain sprinkles down , cooling us off just enough to get us through the intense simmer of afternoon . 
 it 's cool in the bowling alley , and for once , i do n't mind logging eight solid hours in this overgrown box . 
 even less so now that skyla just wandered in with her stepbrother . 
 i speed over and say hello . 
 `` you want a tour of the kitchen ? '' 
 i ask , as drake shoots off toward bree like a missile . 
 i 've caught them on at least three occasions going at it full throttle in the utility closet , but i wo n't tell logan for fear of brielle 's future paychecks . 
 skyla gives a soft smile as i lead her over to the den of destruction . 
 she takes in the stainless walls as the staff bustles around us . 
 i have no clue why i offered to show her the kitchen other the fact that logan might see her if i paraded her through any other part of the facility . 
 selfishly , i want her all to myself , every minute of the day . 
 i lead her over to the freezer and open the door like an invitation . 
 `` walk-in , '' i say . 
 `` hang out in there a few minutes , and it 'll really cool you down . '' 
 i should know-i 've been doing it all day . 
 `` can you get locked in ? '' 
 she hesitates before slipping her arm inside . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i run my hand over the door . 
 `` shuts just like a refrigerator . '' 
 logan comes over and pulls a sleeve of hot dog buns out of the rack behind us , rubbing up against skyla in the process . 
 he damn well knows we 've been out of hot dogs since yesterday afternoon . 
 `` are you ready to work for me ? '' 
 he raises his brows as if the proposition were far from fiscal . 
 `` maybe i will . '' 
 she twists her lips just shy of a smile . 
 `` i think i 'd enjoy working with gage . '' 
 she 's knifing him with my name , but i could n't care less-hell , i encourage it . 
 i revel in the pissed-off expression on his face just the same . 
 `` him , i 'm about to fire . '' 
 he gives a lazy wink in my direction before disappearing back into the kitchen . 
 `` you guys usually get along ? '' 
 a wave of guilt sweeps over her as if she were solely responsible-she is , but that 's beside the point . 
 `` we 've fought before . '' 
 i 've never had my balls shoved so far up my throat as i have as of late , but that 's another story . 
 `` over chloe ? '' 
 i try to laugh it off , but frown instead . 
 oddly , we did fight because of chloe , but definitely not over her . 
 it had everything to do with the fact that i knew she was dicking him around , in the most literal sense , and he did n't care to believe me . 
 i 'm always right , and that seems to piss logan off the most . 
 it should , since it 's me that skyla 's going to be with in the end . 
 `` why does michelle have chloe 's diary , anyway ? '' 
 skyla glances past my shoulder before meeting my gaze . 
 `` she says her mother gave her a box of chloe 's things . 
 she found it . '' 
 `` i bet she read it cover to cover . '' 
 `` you 'd think . '' 
 michelle and chloe were tight . 
 she lived half of those things right along with her . 
 `` so , were you and chloe pretty close ? '' 
 `` we went out a few times . '' 
 i tap my knuckles over the wire rack . 
 why in the hell would i say that ? 
 to make her jealous ? 
 to up my value because another girl might have wanted me ? 
 skyla is the only girl i need-want , and jealousy does n't fit into the equation of any relationship . 
 a loud pop goes off in the kitchen , and the scent of burnt toast explodes in the air . 
 i rush over and try to toss the lid on the fryer just as a blowtorch shoots out of it and ignites the ceiling with flames . 
 `` skyla ! '' 
 logan calls out her name as i try to douse the blaze with a discarded rag . 
 `` everybody out . '' 
 logan barks as bodies stream for the exit . 
 i glance up in time to see skyla bump into the grease bucket and knock it over . 
 `` get out now ! '' 
 i shout , trying to push her out of the way as a wall of fire ignites between us . 
 skyla lands in a perfect tower of flames that shoot toward the ceiling with an unnatural ferocity . 
 fire dances around her in a perfect circle , taunting both logan and me because we ca n't reach her . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she coughs it out . 
 smoke fills the kitchen , dense and white like the murderous twin of the afternoon fog . 
 a piercing noise drills through the air as logan forces down the flames with a hose , extinguishing them into a sea of grey clouds . 
 i snatch a fire extinguisher off the floor and spray the vicinity around skyla , ignoring the fact my back just combusted . 
 logan whisks her out the door , and i stagger through the white haze , trying to find the exit . 
 i hold my breath until it feels like my lungs are about to explode before i finally make it outside . 
 logan holds skyla by the dirt lot and i speed on over . 
 `` you 're okay , '' he tells her , landing a kiss over the top of her head `` logan ! '' 
 she buries herself in his neck . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he looks up at me . 
 `` we 've never had anything like that happen before . '' 
 `` skyla . '' 
 i pant as i land beside them , my arms and clothes covered with soot . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 logan lands her on her feet as billows of smoke escape from the bowling alley . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 she rubs her arms and shivers . 
 the fire department screams its way over . 
 the red spasms of light give the canopy of clouds a blushed appearance . 
 `` i checked the temp , and the oil was fine . '' 
 i say it dazed . 
 `` do you think ? '' 
 i look over at logan , not wanting to finish the thought . 
 `` i know . '' 
 logan gives a slight nod , confirming my theory . 
 we stare at one another without saying another word , the implications too dangerous to mold into complete sentences . 
 `` what ? '' 
 skyla shrills over the chaos . 
 `` this involves me . 
 i was in that fire . '' 
 i glance up at her . 
 she 's going to know the truth at some point , and i want to be the person who she can rely on to deliver , so i give it . 
 `` fire is the only sure way to kill a celestra . '' 
 it felt like i held a loaded gun to her and voluntarily pulled the trigger . 
 `` fire ? '' 
 her expression darkens . 
 logan said her dad died in a fire , and i know she 's connecting the painful dots . 
 brielle barrels over and lunges into skyla . 
 `` i ca n't believe you survived ! 
 they made us run out the back . 
 i had no idea you guys were standing out here . 
 the entire kitchen is destroyed . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' skyla whispers to logan . 
 she thinks that fire was personally directed at her . 
 and most likely she 's right . 
 16 logan butterfly kisses the next afternoon , i get the pleasure of eating up hours of my time with an insurance assessor . 
 he 's a lanky man with what appears to be a general disinterest in life , and i follow him around like a lost puppy as he hems and haws over what the company is and is n't responsible for , going as far as to elude if i pay him in free yearly bowling passes , he could throw in high-end replacements . 
 skyla calls and says something about a stack of hundred dollar bills , old newspaper clippings , and a haunted house equipped with its own sweaty poltergeist , so i do n't waste any time . 
 i saddle gage with the freeloading insurance agent and tell him to give him the whole f ** king place as long as he 's out of my way by the time i get back . 
 `` get a small bottle or plastic bag and collect some of the moisture . '' 
 i instruct her as i race over in the rain . 
 `` you do n't get it , '' she moans , exasperated . 
 `` the clippings were just weird . 
 he 's psycho ! 
 i 'm living with a lunatic . '' 
 `` i agree with you . '' 
 her stepfather very much fits the mold . 
 `` the clippings are strange . 
 but skyla , listen to me-go right now and find something to capture that moisture . 
 i 'll give it to my uncle , and he 'll analyze it . '' 
 `` analyze it ? 
 it 's water . '' 
 `` it may be something more than that . '' 
 `` like ghost water ? '' 
 i close my eyes for a moment and veer into oncoming traffic . 
 the blare of a horn goes off , and i 'm quick to right myself into the proper lane . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whimpers . 
 `` you did nothing wrong . 
 listen , i 'm coming over . '' 
 `` you ca n't come over . 
 my parents will kill me . '' 
 i drive through the tunnel of trees , and the connection cuts out . 
 does n't matter . 
 she could n't stop me , anyway . 
 *** i park low on the street and make my over to the backyard . 
 i catch a glimpse of skyla at the kitchen sink , so i head to the back door and give a brief wave . 
 her whole person seizes at the sight of me . 
 `` you know i 'm afraid to look out this door , '' she hisses as she lets me in . 
 a smile breaks loose on her face , and i take the opportunity to quell her with a kiss . 
 skyla takes me by the hand and leads me upstairs . 
 it looks normal enough , nothing seems out of its element , but i produce a glass vial from my pocket just in case . 
 i happened to have an extra in my glove compartment from the night i did the blood draw , in the event she launched the first one at me for suggesting it . 
 `` you get a bulk discount on those ? '' 
 `` with you around , i might have to . '' 
 i push out a grin . 
 skyla lets me know me that her parents should be back any minute before leading me straight into their closet . 
 she flicks on the lights and points over to the corner . 
 a clatter emits from downstairs . 
 `` help unload the car , please ! '' 
 a voice booms from below . 
 skyla jumps up like a reflex and takes off , leaving me among the coats and the shoes . 
 the air in the closet begins to glow with a distinct oily fog . 
 i carefully fill the vial with the smoky substance and get the hell out of dodge . 
 *** it takes a small eternity before skyla discovers me sitting in her closet , catching up on my vampire fiction . 
 `` you should really consider putting a nice comfy chair in here , '' i lament , stretching my legs . 
 `` it 's a great place to take your mind off things and relax . '' 
 i pitch the book over my shoulder . 
 `` maybe a beanbag ? '' 
 `` funny . '' 
 she slides a pile of shoes to the side . 
 `` how are we going to get you out ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 i try to withhold a smile . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll bring sustenance when needed . 
 and we can do this . '' 
 i 'm not one to let a gage-free moment slip by , so i pull her in and push my lips over hers like a promise . 
 skyla exhales as she takes free reign of my mouth . 
 her tongue strokes mine with barely-there passes and begs me to press in harder , hungry for more . 
 i pull back and take her in before things get out of control . 
 `` i want to show you something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she purrs , creating small circles over my chest with her nails . 
 skyla glances below my waist with promising immoral implications . 
 `` not that , but it 's a good idea for later . '' 
 i help her to her feet . 
 `` up there . '' 
 i nod at the secret door to the butterfly room . 
 `` you have a chair we can stand on ? '' 
 skyla hauls in the sturdy seat from her desk , and i try to stand on it , but it glides from beneath me . 
 `` i 'll hold it , '' she says , stabilizing it by the base . 
 i climb up , and my feet give a quick jerk to both the left and right . 
 `` oops , sorry . '' 
 she moves her hands from the base to the seat . 
 `` there might only be two of us left , skyla . 
 please try not to kill me , '' i tease . 
 `` really , are there only two of us left ? '' 
 she looks up at me with the hope of procreation ripe in her eyes , and lust claws through me like a fire . 
 `` no , but at the rate they 're killing us , we might get there soon . '' 
 i remove the false wall from the door and hold it out for her to inspect . 
 `` it 's a facade ! '' 
 she gives a little jump , and the chair swivels . 
 `` most things are . '' 
 i hand it to her before opening the sliding panel . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i offer her a hand and help her climb inside . 
 `` what is it , the attic ? '' 
 her voice sounds hollow , like she 's talking into a bottle . 
 `` it 's '' - i boost myself inside - `` it 's a locked-off portion of it . 
 chloe did n't know it was there until just a few months before she ... discovered it by accident . '' 
 no point in drilling home the fact that chloe is no longer with us . 
 `` oh . '' 
 she blinks into the idea . 
 `` were you trapped in her bedroom and in need of a way out ? '' 
 a dry laugh huffs from my chest , but i know there were serious underpinnings layered beneath the question . 
 i feel for the metal chain and light up skyla 's new world . 
 the room illuminates in all its colorful winged-glory , and the butterflies quiver as if they were happy to greet her . 
 she takes a sharp breath as she soaks in the beauty , the rainbow of pastel butterflies , the bright blue ones that stand out interspersed . 
 `` this was her getaway . '' 
 i spin in a slow circle , marveling how it all looks the same . 
 `` i was here once , and that was because she kept something i gave her here . '' 
 `` you came to check on it ? '' 
 her face pinches with hurt . 
 `` i came to get it back . '' 
 and to open our world to new possibilities , but i leave those for her imagination while i pick up her hand . 
 `` so you have it ? '' 
 i do n't even know what it is , but i love the fact it was something akin to the breakup collection agency more than it was a secret rendezvous . 
 `` no , she never gave it back . '' 
 i bite down on my lip , because i know it 's coming . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 `` a pendant that belonged to my grandmother . 
 chloe said she wanted to give it back . 
 and then she went missing , and that was that . '' 
 `` i thought you said she let you in here , and she was going to give it to you ? '' 
 `` i never said that . '' 
 it comes out soft , sad . 
 `` i said i 've only been here once . 
 it was after she was gone . 
 brielle took me up here when i told her chloe had something important of mine . '' 
 `` oh . 
 maybe she was wearing it-you know , when they took her . '' 
 `` she wore it for a little while , then she wanted to prove she did n't need it . 
 we had a fight , and i never saw her wear it again . 
 she told brielle she was keeping it in her diary . '' 
 `` strange place to keep jewelry . '' 
 she eyes me with suspicion . 
 `` maybe she got rid of it or pawned it . 
 do you believe her ? '' 
 `` she could n't lie to me . '' 
 we touched each other constantly-not because we could n't get enough of one another , but as a litmus test for honesty . 
 i did n't know how to erect the great wall of silence back then . 
 but thankfully , i do now . 
 i look over at skyla mournfully . 
 i swear i 'll let down my guard one day , and i 'm not nearly as good as gage . 
 i would n't be surprised if she were picking up on every other word . 
 `` she could lie . '' 
 i match his over-serious tone to a tee . 
 it 's comical , both of us here in a paper butterfly sanctuary created by his dead ex-girlfriend , having a spat over-of all things-the virtues of his ex . 
 `` i think i like you jealous . '' 
 i know this as a fact . 
 a smile blooms on my face , and i ca n't hide it . 
 i 'm falling in love so hard , so fast-i never want this feeling to end . 
 i lean in , biting gently on her lower lip , and she lets out a groan that lets me know she approves . 
 skyla dips her fingers into my jeans . 
 i feel her there over my skin , and it sends my stomach quivering . 
 the blood rushes between my legs . 
 i push myself against her thigh , begging her to wrap her hands around me , to touch me . 
 we drop to our knees never losing the grip our mouths have on one another . 
 i pull her over my body and ride my hands inside her sweater , pull it off , and raise my t-shirt until our flesh feels like it 's become one . 
 a violent knock erupts from the door , and her mother shouts something indistinguishable . 
 `` just a minute ! '' 
 skyla screams the words directly into my ear and i wince in pain . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 she jumps down into the closet so fast that i ca n't argue with her . 
 `` i 'm leaving . '' 
 i cover my eyes with my arm for a minute . 
 now i just need to figure out a way to hobble out of here with a hard-on the size of a bullet train . 
 gage after work , ellis invites me over to hang out and watch a movie in his family 's brand-new viewing room . 
 the fog sweeps by my feet as i cut across the street . 
 a cloudbank has settled over the island , and my clothes are damp by the time i hit the harrison 's front door . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i say , slipping the door open and letting myself in . 
 ellis 's parents are rarely home . 
 they separated last year . 
 word on the street is the divorce will be final by christmas . 
 nobody really knows what the hell his father , morley , does for a living . 
 his mom is conveniently an attorney . 
 `` dude . '' 
 ellis barrels over and slaps me five . 
 `` let 's do this ! '' 
 we head downstairs to what logan and i refer to as the lair . 
 ellis 's family had the viewing room put in a few months back , and it 's a nothing short of a bona fide movie theater , complete with kick-ass arm chairs that vibrate with cup holders on the sides . 
 i 'm getting one of these chairs as soon as i move out . 
 i wonder if skyla would approve ? 
 i 'd give up vibrating chairs with cup holders for her every day of the week . 
 hell-i 'd give up movies and popcorn , solid food , if she wanted me to . 
 and the idea that logan is with her right now kills me . 
 `` so what are we watching ? '' 
 i ask , as ellis leads us into the dimly lit room . 
 the burgundy carpet flushes throughout the area as i plod after him . 
 the air is heavy with the thick scent of butter and ... perfume ? 
 ellis leads us smack into four different girls huddled front and center , giggling and sucking down whatever the hell he filled those red plastic cups with . 
 `` love honeys , my friend . '' 
 ellis slaps my back . 
 `` you can thank me later , dude . 
 there 's plenty to go around . '' 
 crap . 
 i vaguely recognize them from his parties . 
 the tall brunette was giving me the `` look '' the other night . 
 she gives a little wave , confirming the fact she 's still interested . 
 `` spencer jameson , '' ellis whispers . 
 `` she makes brielle look like a freaking nun . 
 she does things with her tongue that makes my skin crawl . 
 she 'll land you on all fours , hogtie you , and do things to your body that your wildest fantasies are incapable of conjuring . 
 dude-she has the power to make me feel dirty . '' 
 he gives my shoulder a squeeze . 
 merry f ** king christmas , man . 
 she 's all yours . '' 
 ellis burrows himself in mist of his `` love honeys , '' and i take a seat off to the side . 
 it takes about three seconds for spencer to migrate over and nestle her boobs against my arm . 
 i glance over at her with a nervous smile and pull away a little . 
 her top is cut so low that for a second , i think she took her shirt off . 
 ellis pops in the movie , a hollywood release that 's not yet in theaters . 
 the harrisons always seems to have access to pre-releases . 
 it 's an action flick i 've wanted to see ever since the trailer came out months ago . 
 spencer 's hand slithers down my thigh and warms over my jeans before she hits pay dirt . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 i hold up my hands . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 she licks her lips and leans in , blowing air kisses randomly at me like maybe she 's dug into ellis 's stash . 
 her lids are half-closed and the whites of her eyes are washed in pink , confirming my theory . 
 she 's wasted and ready to do whatever the hell i wish . 
 i glance back at ellis . 
 he 's got his shirt off with a girl sitting square on his lap-the tattoo of a butterfly is stretched across her back . 
 great . 
 i get to witness ellis getting laid , live and in-person . 
 not that it 's a first . 
 i 've walked in on him a couple times during his kitchen encounters . 
 i blow out a sigh and sink in my seat . 
 the butterfly tattoo reminds me of skyla , and for some strange reason , i feel like i 'm cheating on her just witnessing the peep show . 
 spencer lands her mouth over my ear , and my insides squeeze with an unexpected bite . 
 `` easy there . '' 
 i push her away and she nods to herself before curling into a ball . 
 if i 'm lucky , she 'll pass out , and i can watch the movie . 
 i do n't know why the hell i feel guilty sitting in a room full of girls even though not one of them interests me . 
 i 'm pretty sure skyla does n't feel guilty doing whatever it is she 's doing with logan . 
 and god knows i ca n't stand the thought of them breathing in the same room , let alone doing anything that involves touching . 
 a swirl of fog drifts in front of the screen . 
 the smell of weed lights up the room with its bitter scent . 
 i roll my head back in frustration . 
 i 'd better split before i get stoned by proxy and end up trying to comfort myself with spencer i-specialize-in-semen jameson . 
 i wonder if skyla was n't in my life whether if i 'd give in and let spencer do her best to make me feel dirty . 
 it 's doubtful she could . 
 i do n't exactly hold back when i 'm thinking of skyla-another reason to erect a brick wall around my perverted thoughts when we 're together . 
 i wonder what she 'd do if she knew . 
 i wonder if she 'd let me live out each ingloriously corrupt act if she knew the depths of my vulgarity . 
 although , in all fairness , there 's nothing corrupt about loving your future wife , and according to my gift of knowing , that 's exactly who she is . 
 spencer dives her hand into my jeans and latches onto me so fast , i take a breath from the shock of it . 
 i pull her out gingerly in the event she wants to haul my hard-on out with her . 
 `` is that for me ? '' 
 she marvels , suddenly lucid . 
 `` no , that 's not for you . '' 
 nor did she inspire it . 
 i get up and head for the door . 
 `` never for you , '' i whisper , hitting the exit . 
 it 's for skyla-always was , always will be . 
 too bad she does n't have one for me . 
 17 logan light drive the sun beats down over paragon in one of those rare solar events the world often brags about but the island seldom sees . 
 the heavens quiver with pride , showing off their `` skyla '' blue expanse . 
 i 'm not too thrilled that gage coined the phrase , but on day like today , it does seem fitting . 
 cerberus stains the side of the gym like a demon straight from hell as we hit the final hour of football practice . 
 the cheerleaders start in on their routines , and half the team loses focus . 
 i chug down a water bottle and watch as skyla saunters onto the field in a pair of cutoffs that do n't quite make it past her hips . 
 as much as i enjoy the hell out seeing her flaunt those buttery smooth legs , a twinge of jealousy pinches through me at the thought of gage getting to look at her , too . 
 i bet he saves it all for later . 
 he 's upped his daily shower intake to three since skyla 's been in town , and i 'm guessing i know why . 
 i jog over and pluck my helmet off before giving her a kiss . 
 `` something spectacular happened last night , '' she gushes . 
 i 'm hoping she means between the two of us . 
 we had fireworks going off . 
 the butterfly room is lucky it did n't go up in flames . 
 `` you found another room ? '' 
 i tease . 
 `` no . 
 is there one ? '' 
 her eyes widen with surprise . 
 `` no . '' 
 i give a little laugh . 
 skyla shines like a runway model . 
 she 's so damn gorgeous-the best part is , she has no clue just what a goddess she really is . 
 i dig my fingers into her hair , cupping the back of her neck . 
 `` actually , i do n't have any idea . 
 what was so spectacular ? '' 
 `` time travel ! '' 
 everything in me freezes . 
 i may be a celestra , i may be theoretically capable , but i 'm not in a hurry to test drive the time continuum . 
 the whistle goes off across the field , and the team gets into formation . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 i try to smile but misfire . 
 `` do n't ever joke like that . 
 if you come in contact with someone , it could change things . '' 
 i land a kiss over her lips . 
 `` you could hasten someone 's death if you 're not careful . '' 
 i should know-i 've got a dead brother to prove it . 
 *** that unfortunate evening , i decide to chain myself to the task of retrieving the damn diary . 
 the movie theater at the paragon west end mall has a defunct air conditioner . 
 i happened to know this firsthand because i 'm sitting in the sweltering theater with a very sexually charged michelle miller , watching a chick flick about a bunch of guys that run a strip club . 
 she owes me for this big time-one dead girl 's diary , to be exact . 
 truth is , i 'd rather be here with anybody else , even chloe . 
 chloe would n't have her limbs slithering over me like a pair of sexually starved vipers , unless , of course , gage was in the vicinity . 
 my phone buzzes softly . 
 it 's skyla , and i jump a little at the sight . 
 crap . 
 i suppose she 'll want to know where i am . 
 i have something you want ~ s i text her back . 
 are you in the mood to give it away ? 
 what ? 
 no ! 
 but yes !!! 
 ~ s excellent . 
 clearly , i 've taken the wrong girl to the movies , although in my defense , michelle invited me , and i did n't want to rock the boat-not with my grandmother 's pendant on the line . 
 and right about now , a part of me wishes my grandmother never gifted it to me . 
 wait-the pendant ? 
 does skyla have the pendant ? 
 she mentioned time travel at practice . 
 i bet she 's got the dairy in her hot little hands . 
 can you come over ? 
 ~ s i wish . 
 sorry . 
 michelle gets up and takes off for the restroom . 
 why not ~ s why not ? 
 if i lie then i 'm a liar-and score one for gage . 
 and if i tell the truth , gage wins the championship . 
 why am i such an idiot ? 
 i 'm with m. @ the movies . 
 she 's in the bathroom and i swear this ends tonight . 
 skyla does n't say anything else , and my heart drops to my stomach . 
 she 's probably too busy penning wedding invitations with gage to respond . 
 why waste time with a loser like me *** if there 's anything good about tonight , it 's that michelle happens to live about ten minutes from skyla . 
 it 's all i can do with this heavy heart of mine-measure everything up to how it relates to the girl who holds it . 
 `` why do n't you come in ? '' 
 michelle beckons while licking her lips . 
 `` my family 's on the mainland-besides they totally would n't give a shit . '' 
 she fingers a long , dark curl as her lips part with an invitation . 
 here i am , alone with michelle and her raunchy intentions . 
 michelle miller is a girl you do n't easily dismiss . 
 she 's a little less bitter than chloe was , but it 's no secret they 're cut from the same cloth . 
 `` yeah , all right . '' 
 like i told skyla , this is the last time . 
 if i have to , i 'll lock michelle in a closet and ransack the place until i find the damn thing-resorting to the temporary imprisonment of a cheerleader , and petty theft , does n't seem like that big of a deal in comparison to losing the girl i want to spend my life with . 
 we head inside and i take in the surroundings . 
 the slight odor of fried oil clings in the air . 
 michelle 's home is filled with shrines to her glory on the sidelines of the football field , and to my surprise , my face beams back at me in one of the many photomontages nailed up in the entry . 
 seventh grade . 
 michelle has me locked in a bear hug as i smile awkwardly at the camera . 
 huh . 
 i remember that day . 
 gage tore his rotator cuff and almost ended his stint on the field before it ever began . 
 fun times . 
 `` let 's go to my room . '' 
 she dips a tawny finger in her mouth and extracts it like a preview of phallic things to come . 
 the skin on her palm glows a luscious pink against her brown-sugared flesh . 
 `` let 's . '' 
 shit . 
 i 'd better not get aroused when she spontaneously strips to nothing . 
 i can see it coming like a belly dancing tornado taking down relationships as it zips toward my crotch . 
 michelle 's bedroom sits just off the stairs . 
 it 's spacious and wide , housing a king-sized bed pressed against the middle of the wall . 
 an explosion of pink and neon green saturates the walls , the bedding , and even the dresser is painted to match with pink and lime green polka dots . 
 and then , there are the frogs . 
 `` you still collect these , huh ? '' 
 i pick one up off the dresser and flip it around in the air . 
 i 've been here before , just once . 
 she had a boy-girl birthday party back in fifth grade and took us on a tour of the house . 
 it 's the frogs that stuck in my mind , most likely because i was more into frogs than girls at the time . 
 `` that 's right ... '' she pulls me in by the t-shirt and begins raking her fingertips over me . 
 `` i 'm still looking for that special prince charming . '' 
 her mouth melts over my earlobe , and i launch myself to the other side of the bed like a reflex . 
 `` you 're a quick one . '' 
 she runs her finger across the oversized headboard and bites down on her lip as if she 's gunning for a meal . 
 a stack of books sits at her bedside-the same vampire book i entertained myself with in skyla 's closet , a couple paperbacks beneath that , and then the edge of what looks like the very thing i 'm looking for-the diary . 
 there it is . 
 everything in me shakes to have it . 
 a hand pops under my shirt as miller launches an all-out assault against my neck with her tongue . 
 i pluck the diary out from the stack and make a dash for the door . 
 `` you mind ? '' 
 i say , walking backward . 
 there 's no use pretending i did n't want it . 
 once she realizes it 's gone , she 'll do the math . 
 `` that 's not mine , logan . '' 
 she gives a dark laugh . 
 `` it was chloe 's . '' 
 she says it matter-of-factly before tossing her hand over her lips . 
 `` you still miss her . 
 your poor heart ... '' she looks me over as if i 'd just had my balls flattened by a semi . 
 `` i have n't read it . '' 
 it comes out sweetly . 
 `` just give it back to me one day . 
 i 'd sort of like to have it . '' 
 `` will do , '' i say , bolting for the stairs . 
 it was that easy ? 
 `` and if you read anything about me , it 's probably not true . 
 i do n't even like bananas ! '' 
 i do n't question michelle 's aversion to the perversely shaped fruit or wonder how that story begins and ends . 
 i simply jump in my truck and head over to skyla 's . 
 i look back and watch as michelle miller 's home shrinks in the distance . 
 goodbye , michelle . 
 you 're all done cluttering up my relationship with skyla . 
 now to set things straight with the only girl i care about . 
 *** drake lets me in , and i give a gentle knock on skyla 's bedroom door , but she does n't answer , so i step inside and find her sleeping . 
 her hair spills over the edge of the bed like a golden waterfall . 
 her tanned legs are stretched over the length of the mattress . 
 i should cover her . 
 i bite down a wicked grin . 
 i should cover her with my body , but do n't . 
 instead , i drop to my knees at the side of her bed like i 'm about to say my prayers and land a series of soft kisses across the back of her neck-her skin tastes sweet like strawberries . 
 `` go , '' she whispers , motioning me away as if i were charlie . 
 `` shoo , '' she moans , writhing over the bed until her lids crack open . 
 her eyes spring wide as she bolts up and slams into the wall . 
 i tuck the diary under my arm and flex my hands in surrender before she knocks the lamp over my skull . 
 she glances down with wonder . 
 `` you got it ! '' 
 she screams , clapping her hand over her mouth to keep quiet after the fact . 
 i head back to the door and slide the dresser over . 
 i 'm not up for a piece of her stepfather 's lunacy tonight . 
 skyla comes over , and i hand her the holy grail of all things bishop , the diary . 
 `` you read it ? '' 
 she looks up at me with apprehension . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i tried opening it in the car only to discover the pages are glued shut . 
 typical chloe-all head games , all the time . 
 if it 's one thing she liked , it was to be in total control , on and off the mattress . 
 skyla swallows hard-she rubs her fingers over it as if it were chloe herself . 
 she did n't know her , but she sleeps in the same room and shares the same four walls that chloe did . 
 i 'm sure it messes with her head . 
 skyla plucks something that looks like a coin from her pocket . 
 holy shit . 
 i stop breathing . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 she snatches her fingers back as the pendant jumps from her hand and bounces across the room . 
 `` you found it . '' 
 something 's not right . 
 the entire purpose of getting that diary was because it was supposed to be inside . 
 i do n't want to freak skyla out , but there 's a chance it 's either a fake or merely visiting with no intention of staying . 
 i sweep it off the floor and examine it . 
 if it is a replica , it 's stunningly accurate-silver filigree with a blue stone in the center . 
 nope , i have feeling this is the real deal . 
 `` where 'd you find it ? '' 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 she shrugs and brings her fingers to her lips like she 's done something wrong . 
 `` you took it ? '' 
 worst-case scenario . 
 `` you went back to return the diary , but kept the pendant ? '' 
 `` people lose things all the time . '' 
 it streams from her lips like a half-truth . 
 `` not things they need to eat , breathe , and see . '' 
 i say it low and quiet to let her know she can trust me with whatever it is she 's done . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` it 's a protective hedge . '' 
 i toss it up and catch it like it was no big deal . 
 a flashback of my grandmother giving it to me washes over me , and i feel horrible for even acting like it could be worth nothing . 
 i had gifted it to chloe . 
 it was a mistake , but it did n't feel like one at the time . 
 `` i wondered why she took it off . 
 why she put it in her diary of all places . '' 
 i take up her hand and set the pendant in its new home . 
 `` here-wear this . 
 do n't ever take this off . 
 no sector , fem , or count can kill you . 
 you 'll be impervious . '' 
 i give her a tender kiss just above her left brow and slide the dresser over again . 
 skyla gives a mournful sigh as i take off for the night . 
 i 'm glad the pendant is in skyla 's possession-where it was supposed to be all along . 
 too bad it wo n't last . 
 i can see the wreckage a mile away . 
 gage logan came home pretty late last night , said he was hyper-caffeinated and would n't be able to wake up in the morning , so i volunteered to cover his shift . 
 technically , he announced that i 'd be covering his shift , but i know when he 's messing around and when he 's being a dick-this was a bit of a combo . 
 he also mentioned that he wanted to talk to me about something important and would be by later this afternoon . 
 the bowling alley hums with a steady choir of thunders and groans as the hours drone on . 
 it 's well past afternoon , and the crowd just keeps coming . 
 if i ever hear logan complain about how business is hurting , i 'll gladly open the register and wave the stack of dollars in his face . 
 brielle cackles into her phone as she makes her way over . 
 `` you get paid to talk on that thing ? '' 
 i tease . 
 i could n't care less what she does while she 's here . 
 the place practically runs itself . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 she bleats it out with the utmost sarcasm . 
 `` my boss has a big , fat problem in his pants , and he says i have to take care of it right away . '' 
 a moment of silence beats by . 
 `` gage . '' 
 she laughs before hanging up . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 i 'm only half-curious , and that half has to do with skyla . 
 `` none of your beeswax . '' 
 she slaps me on the stomach before helping herself to the mints logan keeps by the register . 
 `` it 's my beeswax when you start involving the baseball bat in my pants . '' 
 brielle belts out a laugh that goes on for an embarrassingly long time . 
 `` it was drake . '' 
 she hops on the counter . 
 `` baseball bat-that 's a good one . 
 ego much ? '' 
 `` so what 's drake up to ? '' 
 that 's code for what 's skyla up to , only i 'm not so sure brielle will pick up on it . 
 `` he 'll be here in just a little while to kick your ass . 
 i hear throwing stars might be involved . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 sounds like an efficient tool of castration . 
 `` and skyla ? '' 
 i cut to the chase with a half-smile . 
 `` skyla ? '' 
 she winces into me . 
 `` hey , you like her . '' 
 her mouth falls open . 
 `` you are so all over logan 's girlfriend ! '' 
 a bomb goes off in my stomach when she says it . 
 i guess it 's true . 
 skyla is logan 's girlfriend . 
 and i 'm the invisible nothing . 
 `` oh , no ! '' 
 she gasps , covering her hands over her mouth . 
 `` you 're wrecked over this . 
 stop liking her right this minute before i feel sorry for you and do something stupid . '' 
 `` how stupid are we talking ? '' 
 already , i know it 's an impossibility to stop liking skyla . 
 `` like talking you up to my sweet l.a. neighbor . '' 
 she considers this a moment . 
 `` only i really like logan , too . 
 plus , he 's my real boss . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` you 're on your own , dude . 
 but you know what ? 
 you 've got those eyes . 
 they drive girls wild-and that hair . 
 girls are forever talking about how they want to run barefoot through it . '' 
 `` my hair ? '' 
 she leans in and her cle ** age spills to her chin , but i try not to notice . 
 `` you know what they call you ? '' 
 `` what who calls me ? '' 
 god , i hope skyla is involved with the name-calling . 
 unless , of course , it 's horrible , then in no way do i want skyla involved . 
 `` the girls , doofus . 
 the girls call you , orgasm oliver . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i tick my head back a notch . 
 `` yeah , really . '' 
 she shakes out her copper curls . 
 `` all it takes is just one look . 
 you flash a smile , and half the student body is incapacitated . 
 have you seen your dimples ? 
 dude ! 
 you 've got it going on . 
 if skyla 's not interested , i 'd question what kind of blood she 's got pumping through those veins . '' 
 i huff a quiet laugh . 
 i 've been wondering the same thing . 
 my only saving grace is that somehow , miraculously , skyla 's bloodlines fall nowhere near celestra . 
 because if they do , then she must be the girl meant for logan . 
 but why in the hell would destiny want us both to have her ? 
 `` and what do they call logan ? '' 
 i 'm betting this is the part where she remembers `` orgasm oliver '' was his nickname . 
 `` lusty logan . '' 
 she says it with her lids partially drawn . 
 `` sometimes it 's just plain , long logan . '' 
 she shrugs off that last one . 
 her eyes widen as a she looks past my shoulder . 
 `` booty brigade six o'clock , '' brielle whispers , hopping off the counter . 
 i turn to find an ingloriously , mostly undressed spencer jameson and the rest of ellis 's `` love honeys . '' 
 i flash a quiet smile , and their mouths fall open . 
 looks like i 'm living up to my name . 
 *** logan shows just as my shift ends . 
 `` ready to take over ? '' 
 i do n't bother to ask what might have happened last night with skyla . 
 he said he had news , and my blood curdled . 
 all i could think about today was the two of them bonding on an intimate level . 
 `` i 'm not working tonight . 
 your parents want to take us out to dinner . '' 
 `` and the occasion is ? '' 
 i 'm half-afraid logan scored a home run-that he shared the news with mom , and now she 's in a celebratory mood . 
 she 's not the biggest fan of me untying the apron strings , but the last thing i want her to feel is that skyla is a threat . 
 logan pushes out a dry smile . 
 `` i think they want to talk us off the ledge . 
 they think a girl getting between us is going to change things . '' 
 it comes out serious , a little miffed , like it already has . 
 `` skyla 's got the pendant . '' 
 `` what ? 
 shit , that 's great . '' 
 my palms break out in a sweat just thinking about it . 
 `` how 'd it happen ? '' 
 `` long story . '' 
 he slaps me on the back . 
 `` you mind if we hit the jewelry store before dinner ? '' 
 a dull laugh rattles through me . 
 i 'm pretty sure i wo n't be helping `` lusty logan '' pick out his engagement ring . 
 that 's for damn sure . 
 18 logan a single strand of silver tarasco 's cantina is lit up like an electrified pinata . 
 barron and emma meet gage and me in the parking lot , and we head in together . 
 emma has an obvious spring in her step , overjoyed that her son 's penis has dodged yet another vagina . 
 she does n't quite realize that he 's a growing boy with hormones-that girls puddle to his feet whether he realizes it or not . 
 nevertheless , she 's pleased beyond measure that skyla is taken , even if it is by me . 
 i suppose they 're going to demand he hand his balls over and give skyla and me his blessing . 
 doubt that will happen , but at least i can shovel some chips and salsa while hoping . 
 barron opens the door as we make our way inside where a bloated man with dark hair and a pasty face argues with the girl in charge of seating . 
 he looks vaguely familiar . 
 gage leans in and whispers , `` skyla 's here . '' 
 i look over and see her dreamily inspecting the layout of the restaurant and head over . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i land my hands soft over her shoulders , and she turns , startled at first , before offering her signature sexy smile . 
 she glances past me for a second at gage , and her grin widens . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 the sweet scent of her perfume calls me closer , a gentle whisper of vanilla and gardenia , a familiar combination i ca n't quite place at the moment . 
 `` hopefully , we 'll be eating . '' 
 alone , i want to add , but do n't . 
 `` skyla ! '' 
 emma bursts forward , charged with enthusiasm . 
 she could n't be happier that skyla is n't fostering gage 's hormonal tendencies . 
 skyla wastes no time in introducing her parents to barron and emma . 
 her mother is fascinated by my aunt . 
 looks like they 've found a friend in one another , and this makes me happy . 
 i want our families to get along . 
 gage catches my eye with that sour puss he does n't bother hiding . 
 shit . 
 now i 'll have to deal with his sulking all night , and my heart breaks for the guy . 
 the waitress pops up in our midst . 
 `` melissa ? '' 
 that 's skyla 's stepsister . 
 and judging by the tiara on her head , i 'm guessing it 's her birthday . 
 `` why do n't you join us ? '' 
 skyla 's mother lights up at the thought . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 emma beams back . 
 `` we would love to . 
 right barron ? '' 
 barron pulls his lips to side as he glances over at gage . 
 he can see the uncomfortable writing on the wall but gives in with a nod . 
 the waitress herds our pack toward a table , and i take the opportunity to pull skyla to the side . 
 `` where 's your pendant ? '' 
 i give a sly smile . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 she starts . 
 `` you do n't have a chain , do you ? '' 
 i pull the newly purchased silver cord from my pocket . 
 gage helped me pick it out . 
 the links are so tight that it looks like one solid piece of liquid silver . 
 it 's going to glow against her tan skin . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 she bites her lip like it 's not . 
 `` would n't it be funny if i secretly returned the pendant last night ? '' 
 she gives a forced laugh . 
 and gave it back to chloe ? 
 `` it would be very not funny , '' i say . 
 `` it could n't help her now . 
 but you , you 'll be safe . '' 
 `` you mean , she 'd still die ? '' 
 skyla seems puzzled by this as if in some way she thinks she caused chloe 's death . 
 `` of course . 
 it does n't change . 
 besides , the odds of going back to the exact same place and time are phenomenal . 
 i do n't think it could happen . '' 
 `` so if i had ... '' i can see her mind ticking , and it makes me nervous . 
 `` when i put on the pendant , i 'm free of all things scary ? '' 
 she pulls her hair back and spins around while i clasp the necklace , which is noticeably free of the aforementioned pendant . 
 i 'm getting a pretty clear picture here . 
 `` and nobody will be able to kill you . 
 ever . '' 
 if nothing else comes from this conversation , at least she 'll realize the value of the pendant . 
 not that it 's going to do her any good without it . 
 and i get the feeling we are definitely without it . 
 *** during dinner , skyla looks down at her food mournfully . 
 she makes tracks in the beans and mixes the rice around before burrowing holes in her wet burrito . 
 gage insisted on sitting by her side , proficiently freaking emma out in the process . 
 if that did n't send a clear signal to her that he was still interested in who we now lovingly refer to as `` my girlfriend , '' then the fact that he 's offered to do everything for skyla but chew her food should do the trick . 
 and can he stop stealing glances ? 
 it 's becoming painfully obvious the obsession is one-sided . 
 if he keeps up the insanity routine , i might be moved to see ellis 's mother about a restraining order for both skyla and me . 
 i 'm definitely going to have to find a way to cool those baby blues for a while . 
 after dinner , melissa is presented with a piece of flan , and we sing happy birthday . 
 she blows the candles out and glances up at gage as if he had appeared as a direct result of her wish . 
 maybe that 's who gage is supposed to marry ? 
 maybe he saw skyla in the background holding a bouquet and got confused . 
 a swell of relief fills me as i go with it . 
 `` ten spoons please , '' skyla 's stepdad , tad , barks up at the waitress . 
 skyla mentioned he was tight but really ? 
 emma bows into the birthday girl . 
 `` melissa , did you make a wish ? '' 
 `` yes '' - mellissa swoons - `` i wish that when i grow up , i marry gage . '' 
 a light round of laughter circles the table-all but emma , of course . 
 emma looks like she just dodged one bullet only to land in the path of another . 
 `` actually , '' skyla says it bored with no real affect , `` gage is going to marry me . '' 
 emma bleaches out , powder white , and sways in her seat . 
 she can feel the vaginal walls closing in on her baby , and she does n't like it one f ** king bit . 
 `` skyla ! '' 
 her mother clutches her chest . 
 `` i thought you were seeing logan ? '' 
 `` i am , '' she whispers . 
 `` it 's twisted . '' 
 the check arrives , and tad and barron spar over it for a brief moment . 
 `` i do n't mind one bit . '' 
 barron is a quick draw with his wallet . 
 `` i 'd love to treat the birthday girl . '' 
 `` it 's my daughter , i insist , '' tad 's voice escalates , but it sounds fake , like he 's putting on a show . 
 barron inspects him for a moment . 
 i can tell he 's not impressed . 
 `` well , if you insist . 
 i 'll get it next time . '' 
 `` next time ? '' 
 tad shoves the check in his direction . 
 `` i see what you 're doing here , trying to outsmart me . '' 
 he gives a hard wink . 
 `` i 'm the one who 's getting it next time . '' 
 i 'm pretty sure there wo n't be a next time . 
 we clear the table , and i 'm quick to shake her parents hands . 
 `` you mind if i treat skyla to dessert ? '' 
 i ask her mother , the seemingly more reasonable of the two . 
 her red hair frames her face , and she does n't look a thing like skyla . 
 `` i 'll bring her home right after . '' 
 `` not at all , '' she says . 
 `` take your time . '' 
 she whispers something to skyla before they head out . 
 gage catches my eye . 
 he holds the door open , still waiting for skyla and me to make our way over , and when we do n't , the fake smile he 's been holding up all night dissolves to nothing-and it breaks my heart . 
 the waitress reseats us at an intimate table for two-the way i wish things were an hour ago , before i had to listen to her stepfather gripe about the gas prices on the island for an inordinate amount of time . 
 we check out the dessert menu , and i talk her into trying the deep-fried ice cream . 
 `` i can tell my mother loved your parents . '' 
 her mouth falls open once she realizes those were n't my parents . 
 `` i know what you meant . '' 
 she 's cute when she 's embarrassed-hell , she 's cute when she 's not embarrassed . 
 `` i consider them my parents . 
 to tell you the truth , i do n't really remember the original set . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that 's terrible . '' 
 she scans the floor as if trying to figure out a way to change the subject . 
 `` she was on the phone with you . '' 
 i 'm guessing she means chloe . 
 `` when i saw her , you were picking out a color for your truck . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i remember that day . 
 i specifically bought that white truck because she wanted that color . 
 `` and she suggested gage go with black . 
 he never forgave her for that . 
 it 's too hard to keep clean . '' 
 a strangled silence crops up , and i have a feeling it has less to do with chloe or the color of my truck than the fact that her necklace is noticeably bare . 
 she leans in and wands her spoon over at me . 
 `` this is really good . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 and i know exactly what she 's trying to hide . 
 gage another black sand dream sinks me into skyla 's arms . 
 we roll around in a tiny hut built for two with our bodies tangled up in one another , her mouth so fervently hungry for me , her clothes discarded as her warm skin collides with mine . 
 the next morning , i jump into the truck and just go for a drive . 
 i did n't wait around for logan to get home from his date last night . 
 i 'm not sure which was worse-that , or hitching a ride home with my parents . 
 my mother practically had their wedding mapped out on the way home in the car . 
 she ca n't wait to introduce skyla to my grandparents should they ever trek back to see them again . 
 i pass devil 's peak and keep on driving . 
 i usually skip the hang-out nights at the cliffside . 
 it still bothers me that they found chloe at the base . 
 there 's something off about that whole thing . 
 the way she died , the way she was mutilated-finding her buried in a shallow grave as if she were there all along . 
 someone would have seen something . 
 devil 's peak has at least six-dozen homes , facing that direction . 
 i shake her out of my head as i pass the black forest . 
 black-there 's that color again . 
 `` black sand , '' i whisper . 
 `` where in the hell is there a black sand beach ? '' 
 black sand ? 
 as in rockaway ? 
 i let out a little laugh . 
 no way . 
 that was a vision . 
 i knew it . 
 `` skyla and me at rockaway . '' 
 just coupling myself in a sentence with her sounds like a relief . 
 i take the turn-off and drive toward rockaway beach . 
 a dark expanse spreads its wings before me like the shadow of an eagle in flight . 
 `` holy shit , '' i mouth the words . 
 i park and run down to the shore , alive with a surge of victory . 
 this is it . 
 i recognize the boulders to the left , the cove , the beautiful spray of an all-too-familiar coral tree . 
 this is f ** king it . 
 i drop to my knees and scoop up the beautiful onyx sand and let it bleed through my fingers . 
 it 's happening . 
 whatever destiny set in motion all those years ago , it 's already channeling us in the right direction . 
 i know it is . 
 i lie back and lay my head over a stone , watching the waves as they lap the ebony shore . 
 the sky is kissing the feet of the island today . 
 it worships her , loves her with an intimacy reserved for husbands and wives . 
 it lies over her , covering her dark , glittering body with the precipitous membrane of his love , and i close my eyes and dream of skyla . 
 a scene emerges-skyla dripping wet in the shower , covered with mud from head to foot . 
 i 'm bathing her . 
 scrubbing her clean with my fingers as i take off her clothes . 
 her skin melts into me like butter . 
 her hot mouth rakes over my chest , alive like a fire . 
 i 'm springing to life , and it 's all for her . 
 i can feel myself growing , the dull ache in my belly to take her . 
 i give a hard tug at her panties , and a wave washes over me , jarring me back to that black sand beach . 
 our beach . 
 it 's all happening . 
 logan 's days are numbered . 
 19 logan lock down skyla called and asked me to drive to her house after practice . 
 she said she had a big blowout with her parents over the newspaper clippings and cash that she discovered in their closet . 
 her mother openly admitted it was hers , and i can tell it irritated skyla that her `` psycho , '' as she put it , stepfather was in no way involved . 
 tad , however , upheld his psychotic label by giving her some odd abstinence contract to sign . 
 i 'll have to tell gage about the `` no sex , no boys '' clause that 's cropped up unexpectedly . 
 if anything can pull him out of his funk , it 's the fact skyla has to keep a ten-foot clearance away from my dick at any given time-his , too , but his anatomy is thankfully far from the point . 
 skyla greets me at the door with a sultry open-mouthed kiss that tastes of cherries and candy before snatching up my fingers and leading me all the way to her room . 
 she locks the door and slides her dresser over to barricade us , just the way i did the other night . 
 all promising signs of where this might be leading . 
 gage knocked me down at least a half-dozen times during practice today . 
 damn near broke my back , so i lie flat on the floor , hoping the hardwood will do me some favors . 
 `` hey , you 're not sitting . '' 
 she taps my knee with her foot . 
 i crack an eyelid open to find her hovering above me with her hands on her hips , her legs perfectly parted in her barely-there cheer skirt , affording me a view straight up to heaven . 
 `` am i supposed to be sitting ? '' 
 judging from this vantage point , i 'm pretty damn lucky i 'm not . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's rule number five hundred sixty-nine . 
 when a boy enters the house illegally , he must be in a vertical position at all times . '' 
 i predict a very special part of me will be vertical in less than a minute . 
 `` does that mean my pants have to be buckled , too ? '' 
 the devil is in the details . 
 `` i 'll get you a copy of the aforementioned document so you can go over it with your attorney later . '' 
 she holds out a piece of paper . 
 `` i broke my back on the field today . 
 is there an exemption for broken backs ? '' 
 i leave out the part about it being a special-delivery rib-cracking expressly from gage . 
 `` oh , yes , it 's under the no-mercy law . 
 tad will personally kick you in the balls when you 're down , and you 'll probably be forced to like it . '' 
 he has more in common with gage by the minute . 
 `` not funny , '' i say . 
 `` i have something you might like though . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 `` the results of your blood test are in . '' 
 *** i drive skyla down to the morgue through the storm of the century . 
 but skyla spurs me on to `` drop the peddle to the metal '' despite the all out assault nature is impinging upon us . 
 you 'd think the island were going to detonate if we did n't hightail it faster , never mind the fact it 's raining hammers and nails . 
 miraculously , we arrive alive at the cemetery and wait patiently in barron 's office while he finishes up in the `` kitchen . '' 
 that 's the room where the body prep is done . 
 barron seems to believe the term `` kitchen '' takes away the stigma from the corpse depository . 
 i think it opens another can of worms , but that escapes my brother . 
 `` sorry for the delay . '' 
 he scoots in on the other side of the expansive wood desk . 
 he looks official today with his lab coat and clipboard . 
 he picks up a manila envelope off his desk and plucks out its contents . 
 skyla takes up my hand and squeezes it . 
 whatever it says in that report , however much a percent i am celestra , or even if i have mixed blood , it was a gift from my father . 
 how i wish he could have been here with me so we could discover our family secrets together . 
 i bet he did n't have any idea about all of the factions and variety of gifts . 
 `` good news . '' 
 barron glances up at the two of us . 
 `` first , about that moisture sample . '' 
 he plucks his glasses off and chews on the tip . 
 it 's a bad habit emma has unsuccessfully tried to break him of . 
 much like she 'll unsuccessfully break gage of his mental p ** n addiction with skyla cast as the leading role . 
 i jolt in my seat , realizing we 're still conjoined at the hands but she 's unmoved . 
 either she 's too preoccupied to listen , or i 'm better at putting up a mental block than previously thought . 
 `` unusual amount of plasma . '' 
 barron looks over at me as though i should know what this means . 
 `` what 's plasma ? '' 
 skyla exhales an enormous breath . 
 i land my fingers on his desk . 
 `` what kind ? '' 
 `` plasma , '' barron says , directing it toward skyla , `` is the fundamental liquid component found in blood . '' 
 he looks over at me again . 
 `` it was human . '' 
 `` what the heck is human plasma doing floating around my house ? 
 is my house really haunted ? '' 
 `` you 're a spiritual being , skyla . '' 
 barron offers a placid smile . 
 `` do n't you live in your house ? 
 haunted is a relative term these days . '' 
 `` i do n't spray my plasma all over the place . '' 
 she sags in her seat . 
 `` excuse me , but i 'm a little more than freaked out . '' 
 she looks to me . 
 `` you think it was chloe ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 barron is swift with the answer . 
 `` it was more than likely one of the fem minions doing the bidding of the counts , i gather . '' 
 `` why would they bother ? '' 
 `` why would they bother ? '' 
 he repeats shrugging his shoulders . 
 `` they would bother , my dear '' - he waves the results of the blood test in front of us - `` because you happen to be a rare and wanted species . 
 your levels came in as pure . '' 
 pure ? 
 i shake my head over at barron . 
 there must have been a mistake . 
 skyla leans in with suspicion . 
 `` how can i be pure if my mother 's not a celestra ? '' 
 `` it 's impossible , '' barron agrees . 
 `` your mother must be a celestra for you to be a pure breed . '' 
 skyla gives a hesitant smile . 
 i do n't know which i dislike more-the fact that i 'm being compared as though i were a horse , or the fact my mother is indeed a celestra and finds the need to hide it from me , even after i grilled her . 
 `` pure . '' 
 i test the word out on my lips . 
 this could very well be the best and worst news she 'll ever here . 
 `` it 's not good news , is it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i think the answer is obvious . 
 in a perfect world there would be more celestras and the counts would n't feel threatened . 
 barron leans in and smiles . 
 he looks just like our father when he does it that way , or at least according to the pictures i 've seen . 
 `` normally , it would n't be good news , skyla , but logan tells me you have my mother 's pendant . 
 wear it . 
 it 's the only one of its kind . '' 
 `` the only one ? '' 
 a surge of panic prickles her features . 
 barron expands his fingers as if he 's about to espouse the obvious . 
 `` it 's been passed down from the ancients-the heroes of old , the men of renown . '' 
 he presses in with a polite smile . 
 `` it needs to be gifted to you for it to work . 
 and logan here generously gifted it to you at his own expense . '' 
 skyla swallows hard . 
 `` i 'm very thankful . '' 
 mournful , is more like it . 
 i 'd love to blame logan for not highlighting the finer points of celestra 101 , but it 's my fault for not heeding his warning to begin with . 
 if i knew he was going to be right all of the time , i would have taken him much more seriously . 
 `` so now that you have the pendant , i do n't feel too bad sharing this last bit of unexpected news . '' 
 barron dips his chin . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i have a dislike for `` unexpected news . '' 
 `` the blood sample has been stolen . 
 there was a break-in at the lab-after i ran the tests , of course . 
 it does n't surprise me . 
 those fems can smell nephilim blood from thousands of miles away . 
 put them on the right scent , and it 's not a challenge anymore . '' 
 `` what do you mean , put them on the right scent ? '' 
 skyla looks as if she might pass out at the idea of blood-sniffing fems . 
 `` it means that someone directed them to you first , then they went hunting for your blood . 
 they probably found it in minutes . 
 decimated the lab . '' 
 `` that means they 're already after her , '' i whisper . 
 `` they will be until she dons the pendant . '' 
 barron turns to skyla . 
 `` and after that , too , waiting for it to disappear from your neck . 
 oh , they would have a field day with you . 
 you 're young and beautiful . 
 they might even try to breed you with their kind to empower their gene pools . '' 
 i shake my head in disbelief . 
 barron can be such a doofus sometimes . 
 it 's like he ca n't control what flies from his mouth . 
 it 's all facts , all the time , regardless of how the other person might feel . 
 he means no harm , but often brings it . 
 `` breed me ? '' 
 skyla jumps a foot in her seat . 
 `` i 'm not some animal you can lock up in a cage and force to have a litter of babies . '' 
 way to go , bro . 
 i raise a brow at him . 
 `` you are if they catch you , '' he continues , unmitigated . 
 `` it 's a part of the price of being pure . '' 
 skyla 's face melts with fear . 
 a part of me wants to ask if by `` pure , '' he means virgin . 
 because if my virginity ups my value in any way , then by all means , i 'll do whatever it takes to save my life . 
 but i know better . 
 maybe i should step in and clarify . 
 but i do n't . 
 instead , i turn to her with all of the tenderness pouring from my heart . 
 `` put that pendant on as soon as you get home . '' 
 god , i pray it 's at her house , or in her purse , or at the bottom of her gym bag-as long as she can find it . 
 she lets go of my hand , and her lips give a nervous twitch . 
 just as i thought-we 'll have to find another way to protect her . 
 *** that night , skyla calls and relays the news that her sisters ratted her out . 
 turns out they knew i was over , and now her parents are threatening to move clear off the island to keep her safe from me and my private parts . 
 `` it 's my fault , '' i say . 
 most things are . 
 `` no , trust me . 
 everything is my fault these days , '' she counters . 
 i do n't think i could deal with skyla moving back to l.a.-or anywhere off the island for that matter . 
 i have to be near her . 
 i 'd give up the bowling alley if i had to and become something just this side of a stalker to cut the metric distance . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . '' 
 my lungs deflate . 
 `` i can visit . '' 
 like every single day . 
 `` i doubt they 'll let you . '' 
 `` we 'll apply to the same universities . '' 
 we will anyway , i can feel it . 
 `` and if we do n't get in the same ones ? '' 
 `` paragon has an awesome community college . '' 
 i 'd turn down a dozen football scholarships for skyla . 
 we talk for a little bit longer before finally hanging up . 
 as soon as the line goes dead , i miss the sound of her voice-the steady rhythm of her breathing . 
 the thought of skyla moving lies over me like a stone ready to crush my chest . 
 i 'm not sure gage would mind is she left town . 
 not having skyla around means that neither one of us gets her . 
 but i do get her . 
 this much i know is true . 
 gage it 's after two in the morning when my cell goes off , and strangely enough , it 's a call from bree-most likely a butt dial rather than a booty call . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i say , lying back on the couch while logan , ellis , and i watch the tube . 
 `` it 's skyla ! '' 
 she screams so loud that logan sits up abruptly . 
 `` she stabbed darrell with scissors . 
 but she totally did n't mean it . 
 she thought she was protecting us from some homicidal maniac . '' 
 `` who the hell is darrell ? '' 
 the thought of skyla stabbing anybody throws me for a loop , and the room sways for a moment . 
 `` my mom 's boyfriend . 
 or at least he was . 
 i totally would n't blame him if he , like , never spoke to her again-that is , if he survives . '' 
 the line goes to static . 
 `` i got ta go . 
 mom wants me to drive her to the hospital . 
 tell logan i 'm not coming in tomorrow . '' 
 the phone cuts out . 
 i glance up at logan who 's already texting skyla . 
 he might be her `` boyfriend , '' but i 'll do whatever it takes to comfort her . 
 *** logan latches on , and we teleport to skyla 's house , but she 's not there and neither is her parents ' minivan . 
 i finally get drake to confess that they hauled her off to the f ** king psych ward . 
 `` i do n't have enough juice to get us there and back , '' i say . 
 `` i knew we should have driven . '' 
 `` go up there by yourself . '' 
 logan pants as we head outside . 
 `` take me home . '' 
 he looks into the woods , frustrated by his inability to help her . 
 `` i 'll wait for her in my dreams . '' 
 logan has the ability to draw a person into his dream world . 
 it sucks the life out of him when he performs the nocturnal feat , so it 's rare . 
 and as much as i hate to admit it , i know skyla would appreciate the escape , so i take him home and wish him luck . 
 for a brief second , i consider hopping in the truck and heading to the hospital , but it 's a clear forty minutes from here , so i blink away and hope to god i arrive . 
 paragon hospital stands out like a sore thumb against the expansive , lush hillside . 
 the moon shines clear from above , and the fog is already dissipating . 
 i head inside and take the elevator to the top . 
 i 've never teleported so much in one day . 
 logan was right-i should have spent more time honing my powers . 
 i was too far gone with the visions , too addicted to seeing skyla brighten my mental horizon to even care about other things . 
 the elevator doors open , and i shoot a glance around the sterile environment . 
 i try to think about skyla-where she might be on the unit until my body dissolves to a fray of disorganized molecules . 
 a neat box of a room appears around me , and i find myself staring down at a girl in a disheveled gown-skyla . 
 she sobs over a small wooden bed , her back trembling with fear . 
 it 's dark in here , save for the light streaming in from a tiny window in the door that leads to the hall . 
 `` skyla . '' 
 i make my way over to a narrow strip of light so she can see me . 
 i 'd rather not get my balls yanked off from scaring the junk out of her . 
 she bucks and screams in the dark until her eyes adjust , and a smile appears on her face just for me . 
 `` it 's me , gage , '' i whisper . 
 she springs up and flies into my arms . 
 skyla folds into me , her face slicked with tears , and i rub my cheek against hers , assuring her it 's going to be okay . 
 `` i ca n't stay , '' i whisper , brushing my lips over the top of her hair . 
 `` they 'll check on you every fifteen minutes . '' 
 i pull back and take her in . 
 even in this dim light , with her tear-covered face , she 's so amazingly beautiful . 
 skyla messenger is a work of art that could make the mona lisa look like a preschooler threw it together . 
 that vision from rockaway blows through me like a summer storm , and i try to shake it off before i get carried away . 
 `` logan wants you to try and fall asleep . 
 he can visit you there in your dreams . '' 
 logan is the anti hard-on . 
 just thinking of them together effectively douses any carnal desire in me . 
 `` he can ? '' 
 her brows knit in confusion . 
 `` why did n't he tell me ? '' 
 `` he was saving it . '' 
 i pull her in close . 
 i do n't want to let go-not now , not ever . 
 a shadow covers the door . 
 `` they 're coming . '' 
 i wipe the tears from her face and offer a reserved smile . 
 `` goodnight . '' 
 i push my lips to her forehead and dissolve to nothing . 
 *** a pale bloom of fog greets me . 
 i make it about a quarter of a mile from the hospital before fully materializing just off the main highway . 
 i pat my jeans-no cell phone , no wallet , no change . 
 `` great . '' 
 looks like it 's a nice early morning walk for me . 
 i 'd hitchhike , but there 's not a headlight to be found . 
 `` nevermore . '' 
 i call for him out of boredom more than necessity . 
 it takes a few minutes for him to land on my shoulder . 
 we plod along for a good stretch of highway before i decide to find someplace to nod off and recharge my batteries . 
 oddly enough , the beach to my left is rockaway , so i head in that direction . 
 it 's weird how i have n't been here in years , and now here i am , twice in one week . 
 kind of a coincidence that i could only get as far as this before my teleportation skills decided to give me the middle finger . 
 i wander my way under a giant coral tree and lie beneath it . 
 i can see the stars shining up through its smooth grey branches . 
 they look like the shapely limbs of a women-skyla 's arms ready to hold me . 
 the fiery red trumpets that adorn the tree are turned up toward heaven as if they were about to signal something monumental , life changing . 
 something big is about to happen on paragon-to skyla-in my life . 
 everything in me knows this to be true . 
 i do n't know what , but i can feel it coming as sure as the next wave is about to break over the shore . 
 i just pray it 's not skyla who 's about to break-that someway , somehow her heart feels that special connection to mine . 
 as for logan , i hope he finds someone , too . 
 just not skyla . 
 please god , do n't let it be skyla . 
 i close my eyes and fall into a vat of strange dreams . 
 a mysterious stranger comes to the island and becomes the new thorn in my side . 
 a wickedness , thick as smoke , covers paragon . 
 it stretches its jaws and tries to swallow skyla whole . 
 a war erupts , but not here-somewhere new , a desolate place with snakelike rivers . 
 logan , skyla , and me are gathered in a strange arid place . 
 a white stallion charges in our direction . 
 the rider is swift and skilled , a woman with her face shielded by a cloak . 
 she holds out a sickle , large and looming with its serrated razor-like teeth . 
 she trots over to the three of us and holds out the belly of the blade-slicing our heads off as she rides away laughing . 
 my eyes bolt open , and i take in a breath . 
 the rider on the white horse-it was death-and death looked a hell of a lot like chloe bishop . 
 20 logan see you in my dreams emma swears that melatonin knocks her out before she hits the sheets , so i pop one in my mouth and get to bed . 
 i pull off my t-shirt and lay it over my eyes , hoping for the best . 
 i do n't make it a regular practice to open my dreamscape to others-hell , i do n't hang out there myself . 
 it 's worse than a viral hangover in the morning . 
 i 've been known to puke my guts up for hours just wishing my intestines would hurl out of my body and get it over with . 
 the bed trembles . 
 the mattress loosens beneath me as i melt through the sheets . 
 it 's always the falling sensation that clues me in on the fact i 'm about to drift into dreamland , literally . 
 a blank canvas awaits . 
 i stretch out the sky the color of her eyes . 
 i mold the earth into a grassy hillside with blades as thick as fingers . 
 a sparkling lake roars to life at my command , serene and beautiful . 
 the scenery alone beckons me to stay for hours . 
 i raise the sun high over head . 
 a makeshift fiery orb affords heat and light like the real deal , but better , because this one we can actually see . 
 in this universe , i 'm nothing short of a god . 
 but i 'm far from the creator himself , and with the questionable dna mapped out inside me i could never hope to be . 
 skyla appears from nowhere . 
 `` logan ! '' 
 she jumps up on my waist , and i spin her , kiss her lips until i 'm dizzy , and we fall to the soft rolling lawn . 
 `` comfortable ? '' 
 i wipe the tears from her eyes-kiss away the ones that bloom in the corners with my lips . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she snuggles into me as we lay on the sheer slope . 
 `` you 're going to be fine , '' i assure her . 
 i 'll break in and free her myself if i have to . 
 `` did gage say so ? 
 why did n't i think of that ? 
 i should have made gage tell me everything about my future . '' 
 `` it 's not right of him to do that . '' 
 i run my fingers through her hair over and over , stroking her like some exotic creature . 
 i do n't want her to think too deeply about gage or his predictions , especially not if they involve her and a wedding ring . 
 it 's too hard to hold up the wall here . 
 at any moment , my thoughts could release like a torrent , spilling gage and his obsessive brand of love all over the damn place . 
 `` i 'm desperate . '' 
 she pulls in close and fills in the space between us with her soft , delicate curves . 
 i press in a quick kiss . 
 `` you do n't need to be . 
 take in the master 's peace . 
 he wants this anxiety , give it to him . '' 
 it 's the one thing that 's kept me from going insane in both this life and the one i had before it-never did bother to hold onto the anxiety that life kept shoveling my way . 
 i 've always had peace up until i met skyla-until i found out i could n't protect her . 
 she rolls over and looks up at me , innocent as a dove . 
 `` i do n't know how to send it . '' 
 i reach up , and a deflated balloon appears between my fingers . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` your anti-stress agent . '' 
 i give a little smile . 
 `` imagine all of your stress filling up this balloon . 
 come on . '' 
 i nudge her shoulder . 
 skyla gives a long blink before staring intently at the limp latex in my hand . 
 the balloon begins to swell . 
 she leans up on her elbows , amazed as it augments to the size of a lavender watermelon . 
 i tie it off and let go . 
 we watch as it sails into the sky until it turns into a tiny purple dot , innocuous as confetti . 
 `` there it goes . '' 
 i mock shoot it with my fingers as it touches the stars and dissipates to nothing . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 she shivers . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` do n't thank me . '' 
 `` right . 
 thanks , '' she shouts up at the sky . 
 skyla interlaces our fingers and spoons into me as we lie on the grass . 
 there 's so much more i do n't understand . 
 so many more balloons to fill in this lifetime . 
 i wonder how he has time to hear them all or if they accumulate around him until he 's overwhelmed . 
 i imagine i 'll get to ask him myself one day . 
 he 'll show me a pile of decimated latex , and i 'll get to thank him all over . 
 skyla 's right . 
 there are so many balloons we 've yet to fill . 
 i tighten my grip over her . 
 as long as we 're together , we can survive anything . 
 gage drifts through my mind like a ghost . 
 can we survive gage ? 
 i wonder . 
 *** the next day , i 'm about as useful as a sack of shit on fire . 
 somehow , i 've managed to avoid puking my guts up but slept until daylight had long since passed , and it 's dark outside my window again . 
 gage barges in . 
 he clip-clops those boat feet of his over until it sounds like a hammer is cracking over my skull . 
 `` great news . '' 
 he sits on the edge of my bed . 
 `` thought you might like to know , skyla 's out of the hospital . '' 
 i push up on my elbows , and my insides rip with pain . 
 `` she okay ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 she texted twice saying she was heading to nat 's tonight . 
 you up for it ? '' 
 `` where 's my phone ? '' 
 he flips it onto the mattress , and i see that all of his info came from reading my texts . 
 `` you left it downstairs . '' 
 he bears into me with a slightly ticked-off expression . 
 `` you want me to wait for you ? '' 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 *** natalie coleman 's parents live on beachfront property in one of the more exclusive areas of paragon . 
 for the last two years , nat has hosted what 's become the end of summer bonfire , open to both east and west . 
 gage and i park at the public beach because the parking is non-existent up by nat 's house . 
 it looks like most of the party is migrating in this direction , anyway . 
 a couple of guys from the team call out to us , and i pat gage on the shoulder , shoving him in their direction . 
 `` i 'll be back in a minute . 
 i need to take a walk , straighten out my stomach-get my bearings after pulling an all-nighter . '' 
 that 's the truth , in partial . 
 my head is a mess just thinking of all the danger that lies ahead for skyla-the idiots in the car that tried to ram us , the morons that stole her blood sample . 
 it 's becoming clear that the counts have given the green light for every creature of wickedness to wreak havoc in her life . 
 i drift away from the crowd . 
 the fog and smoke intermingle and create a layer of confusion over the shoreline , making paragon look like the most polluted island on the planet . 
 `` logan . '' 
 a male voice booms from the forest that hedges along the beach . 
 i take a few cautious steps in that direction . 
 ca n't see shit . 
 it 's too dark in the thicket to make anyone out . 
 it 's probably ellis with a few spare girls he 's looking to unload . 
 or maybe he needs me to do a condom run . 
 would n't be the first time . 
 a man with broad shoulders presses against the cedars like a shadow . 
 his eyes glint in this dim light a strange , glowing yellow . 
 his features look more than familiar-the hair , the clothes-crap-i know them all . 
 it 's me . 
 `` do n't freak out . '' 
 the stranger with my face steps out of the woods . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure you expected this on some level . '' 
 he gives an apprehensive grin . 
 `` i should know-i 'm you . '' 
 `` i was sort of hoping for my-our-father , '' i whisper in the event that it 's a fem who 's decided to don my face like a halloween mask . 
 it 's an older version of me , leaner , more refined . 
 `` are you my supervising spirit ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he glances back and makes a face . 
 `` the spirit chooses to remain anonymous , '' he says with slight annoyance . 
 `` i 'm you , logan , from the not-too-distant future . '' 
 he steps in and scrutinizes me . 
 `` you have to help skyla . 
 she 'll be coming to you in a treble tonight-the treble is a gift . 
 you 'll have less than five minutes when she arrives . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to push through to help her . '' 
 `` push through what ? '' 
 `` you 'll figure it out . 
 just do n't let go of her until you get there . '' 
 he takes a careful step back into the woods . 
 `` do n't you ever stop fighting for her . '' 
 he delivers the words like a threat before evaporating to nothing . 
 gage i do n't hang out with the guys any longer than i have to . 
 i start in on a walk of my own , only logan is the last person i want to bump into-it 's skyla i 'm hoping for . 
 a series of small bonfires burn up and down the beach . 
 some idiot from east loaded one up with paper , causing a white tornado of smoke to rise in the sky like a pillar . 
 i spot michelle , lexy , and emily huddled with a bunch of people from east . 
 nat and pierce are in a serious liplock . 
 it looks painful , like a war is taking place in their mouths . 
 that 's not at all what it was like with skyla . 
 her kisses were pure and sweet with just the right amount of hunger and passion . 
 i wonder how long it 'll be until we experience that again , how many long logan days i 'll have to wait until she blesses me with those honeyed lips , those sugared kisses . 
 `` wait up ! '' 
 a voice calls from behind . 
 it 's logan . 
 `` you find her ? '' 
 i 'm pretty sure the only thing logan was bellyaching for was skyla . 
 `` not yet . 
 she 's probably on her way . '' 
 he leans over his knees like he might be sick . 
 `` you okay , man ? '' 
 i pat him on the back as we take a seat in the sand . 
 `` not really . '' 
 he winces in pain . 
 `` i just had the strangest run-in . '' 
 `` michelle after you again ? '' 
 `` no , it was n't a girl . '' 
 he stares off into the ocean , distracted by whatever just happened . 
 `` anyway , i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 he rubs his eyes with fatigue . 
 `` you know-a thought came to me tonight . '' 
 logan looks out at the waterline as it wafts in and out of the fog . 
 `` skyla and me , we 're not going to be safe . 
 i 'm putting her in more danger than she 's already in . '' 
 a surge of hope spears through me , and i feel horrible for wanting it-for wanting skyla on a silver platter . 
 then a stone settles in my chest , hot as a coal . 
 the only way i could truly have her is if she wanted me on her own . 
 logan could never gift her to me even if he tried . 
 `` two celestra . '' 
 i nod into his line of thinking . 
 `` but she 's got the protective hedge , so it 'll all work out . '' 
 it always does for logan . 
 `` she does n't have it . 
 she has n't admitted it , but she 's not wearing it , and i 'm pretty sure there was no way she could have taken it from the past , anyway . '' 
 shit . 
 `` so what are you saying ? '' 
 i examine him under the frail moonlight . 
 logan looks battered , beaten , and this rattles me . 
 `` i 'm saying '' - he lets out a heavy breath and his chest struggles to expand as if the weight of the world were resting on his shoulders - `` i ca n't be with skyla anymore . 
 not publicly anyway . '' 
 crap-all of this drama because he needs to carry out a relationship with her in private . 
 i shake my head . 
 not what i thought he would say by a long shot . 
 in my twisted version , he shoves her in my direction for safekeeping , and she accidently-and most genuinely-falls in love with me . 
 the end . 
 `` i 'd die protecting her , '' i whisper . 
 `` you know that , right ? '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he taps his fist over my shoulder . 
 `` but i 'm not asking you to die . 
 i 'm asking you to date her . '' 
 every muscle in my body seizes . 
 did he say date her ? 
 maybe he said hate her ? 
 `` take her out . '' 
 his brows pitch . 
 `` spend time with her at west . 
 i need people-demons , things that are not of this world-to think that you 're a couple . 
 do whatever the hell you have to , just make it look genuine . '' 
 he turns his face to the wind . 
 `` make it known that you 're together-that i 'm the last person she 's interested in . '' 
 `` did she agree to this ? '' 
 my mind races a million miles an hour , not sure of what to make of his convenient matchmaking . 
 `` she will . 
 i 'll bring it up at some point tonight . '' 
 his features harden to steel . 
 logan takes a breath and looks over at me as if the fate of the universe rode on this single endeavor . 
 `` this needs to be real . '' 
 `` trust me . '' 
 a dull laugh gets buried in my chest . 
 `` everything about it will be believable . '' 
 i let out a lungful of air that 's been pent up in my body for years and stare off at the black horizon with the mystery this night unfolded still fresh in my mind . 
 one thing is for sure . 
 every ounce of affection i pour out for skyla will be a genuine token straight from my heart . 
 this is it . 
 this is exactly what i 've been waiting for . 
 *** the dark sky is heavily masked with a layer of haze that paints the island a perennial shade of grey . 
 logan makes his way back to the crowd in search of skyla . 
 my heart breaks for him . 
 i know this hurts like hell . 
 he 's a hero , even if she does n't see it that way at first . 
 logan is willing to sacrifice everything to protect her from the counts , including any future they might have had together . 
 a fake relationship . 
 i shake my head . 
 what if that 's what the visions were trying to tell me all along ? 
 that i 'm nothing more than a stand-in for logan while he and skyla have some closet bond that brings them even closer . 
 and what about the wedding ? 
 i swear she loved me in those visions-especially that one . 
 it guts me to think i was just an understudy meant to deceive the world . 
 no real love for gage oliver . 
 i 'm just someone to help pull the wool over everyone 's eyes while she steals kisses with logan in the dark . 
 an unholy scream rips from the sky . 
 it saws from above , and i stand to meet it . 
 nev lands hard on my shoulder . 
 `` it 's skyla , is n't it ? '' 
 i touch my hand to his feathers . 
 `` you did good , buddy . 
 take me to her . '' 
 the sky , the sand , and the waves warble in and out of existence as i dematerialize . 
 a stale , cold room forms around me with white glossy walls . 
 stainless tubs like those at the morgue line the center . 
 `` can you let my friends go ? '' 
 a frightened girl shouts from the other side of the room . 
 a body moves in the large stainless bathtub . 
 this is no morgue , and that 's no corpse-its skyla . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 a woman-a thing-shouts back . 
 she look curious , like a troll or a thousand-year-old hag with wild , flaming hair , her body bent and disfigured as she slumps over a series of beakers . 
 `` i hate the sound of your voice . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with my voice ? '' 
 skyla sounds indignant at the slight . 
 that 's my girl-nice and feisty . 
 i hurdle a cart of medical equipment , stealth like a ninja . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 the old woman howls , her voice crashes through the room like a cymbal , reverberating for far too long for it to ever be natural . 
 `` you 're going to love it here . '' 
 the hag opens a door in the back and shoves skyla inside . 
 a man , clad in black , enters the room . 
 i disintegrate long before he could ever hope to see me and appear in the tiny holding cell where they 've trapped skyla . 
 i offer a forlorn smile as she huddles on the floor . 
 from the tiny window , i can see them pouring a dark crimson solution into a metal tub that i can only guess is betadine . 
 `` they 're sanitizing it . '' 
 i meant to think it but it flew from my lips in lieu of hello . 
 `` gage ! '' 
 she spikes up and locks her limbs around me in a death grip . 
 i run my lips over her temple and close my eyes for a moment , wishing us both into my bedroom , but the scenery does n't change . 
 binding spirit . 
 skyla 's not going anywhere tonight unless they release her . 
 `` logan is on his way , '' i whisper . 
 i have no doubt that nevermore went back to get him . 
 `` ca n't you just zap me out of here ? '' 
 her forehead wrinkles as she pants into me . 
 `` i 'll believe it and everything . '' 
 she nods furtively , as if all it took was a little faith and determination . 
 i offer an apologetic smile . 
 `` it does n't work like that . '' 
 i pull out my keychain with the nine-way tools and use the pliers to cut her plastic cuffs off . 
 `` so you can never be contained ? 
 no one can ever trap a levatio ? '' 
 skyla is as desperate for answers as she is to get out of this hellhole . 
 that 's what i want to be for her , an answer , a savior , something far more intimate if she 'll let me . 
 `` not true , '' i say it softly , trying not to exacerbate her panic . 
 `` all they have to do is touch me-think of me-and i can be bound . '' 
 skyla touches my cheek as she struggles for words . 
 the door rattles to life . 
 a plume of auburn hair rises above the window . 
 i need to go . 
 if they see me , i ca n't help you . 
 i promise i 'll be right back . 
 she tightens her arms around me in defeat as i settle a kiss over the top of her head . 
 the room loses all color as the grayscale world of disorganized molecules takes over and the night sky appears up above . 
 i 've landed right back on the beach , smack in front of a very naked spencer jameson . 
 21 logan pushing through the long string of bonfires glow against the grey night like a series of miniature suns-too wonderful for the sky above paragon to ever comprehend . 
 pushing through-i do n't know what the hell the `` me from the future '' was talking about . 
 i shake my head , confused by the concept . 
 whatever it was seemed important , especially that last line about fighting for her-like i would ever stop . 
 why would i even bother to say those words ? 
 it unnerved me , pissed me off , to hear it like a threat . 
 skyla is mine , and gage is just a front . 
 i have to believe it , or i 'll going f ** king insane . 
 a pair of long , golden legs run in this direction and a swell of relief washes over me once i realize they 're attached to the most beautiful girl in the world-skyla . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i call out as i head over to meet her . 
 skyla dive-bombs me , and i pull her in by the cheeks , kissing her mouth , drinking her down as if she were wine from the garden of eden . 
 she curves her body into mine , and darts her tongue in and out of my mouth in a display of desolate passion . 
 the people , the fire , the sound of the crashing waves-they melt away to another realm , one far less important than the one our love resides in . 
 i pull back and take her in-skyla , in all her inordinate beauty . 
 she gasps for air as the panic returns to her face . 
 `` you are not going to believe what just happened . '' 
 her lips tremble with fear-a hum rails through her as if it were coming from her bones . 
 `` skyla , i know . '' 
 i hold on to her shoulders as she writhes with fear . 
 `` what you 're experiencing is called a treble . 
 it means this reality is temporary , and things will be changed back to the way they were before you left . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 her body enters into a mean shiver . 
 `` drake and brielle are there , and i do n't know where they are . '' 
 her teeth begin to chatter . 
 her entire person quivers with an intense vibration . 
 `` tell me something about where you are so i can find it . '' 
 i 'm as panicked as she is but do n't want to show it . 
 `` i 'm underground . 
 it 's ... we drove along a bumpy road , and there was a forest . '' 
 i 've just described all of paragon . 
 `` do n't you have some underground detection kit or something ? 
 it 's a facility . 
 it has a steel table like the one in the morgue . 
 do something ! '' 
 skyla 's torso starts in on a slow gyration , and i secure my arms over her . 
 `` call the police , '' she cries as her flesh begins to evaporate . 
 `` do n't let me go , logan . 
 i do n't want to die . '' 
 my heart splinters . 
 i ca n't stand to see her this afraid , so i do the only thing i know-love her . 
 i land my lips over hers , hard and greedy . 
 her body churns into mine , and i hook on even tighter . 
 skyla and i share an explosive kiss that flashes a bright visual of our future . 
 that quick glimpse of what lies ahead was a perfect blend of ecstasy and grief . 
 i push in harder with a viral intensity and it dawns on me that i might actually push through . 
 i burrow my tongue so deep inside her , i begin to disappear right along with skyla . 
 gage i 've never been to the transfer before . 
 it 's one of those rumored places that does n't exist on earth . 
 it 's the fabled plane of counts and fems , their very own dimension , relegated for wickedness . 
 my father once told me it could be anyplace , appear anywhere . 
 wherever the hell it is , i 'm here trapped within its questionable fortitude and gravity . 
 after spencer jameson thrust her buck-naked body over my mine , i spontaneously evaporated in skyla 's direction . 
 odd , but i 'm grateful . 
 not that i 'll be thanking spencer anytime soon . 
 i spot logan and skyla racing down a long , white corridor . 
 `` come on , '' he coaxes her . 
 `` logan ! '' 
 she screams . 
 `` we ca n't just leave . 
 drake and brielle are here , too . '' 
 `` i 'm sensing . '' 
 logan runs his hands over the doors and walls as he moves past them . 
 `` over here , '' i shout . 
 `` gage ! '' 
 skyla swells with relief at the sight of me . 
 our new arrangement runs through my mind and excites me on an unnatural level . 
 the metal door to their left pulsates as if it 's about to bust open . 
 `` bree ? 
 drake ? '' 
 skyla shouts into the seam . 
 `` we 'll get you out . '' 
 `` back up . '' 
 logan bears down on the doorknob until it molds to his hand , and the metal door opens as quiet as a whisper . 
 drake and brielle tumble out , panting for air , looking more than slightly sexually disheveled , and i 'd bet good money we interrupted an inter-dimensional hookup . 
 `` i know the way . '' 
 drake bolts down the hall , and we follow him over to a shaft in the ceiling . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he points up a good ten to twelve feet . 
 i do n't practice my gifts too often . 
 i 've stranded myself a time or two by not bothering to strengthen my teleporting abilities , but something tells me that in just a few minutes , i 'm going to kick my own ass for sucking at levitating . 
 i hold my arms out for balance and put in my full concentration . 
 my feet lift off the ground , soft as a feather , and to my surprise , i rise a good two feet off the floor . 
 my body jerks unrepentantly as i crash back to the ground and my ankle twists at the base . 
 `` shit , '' i hiss , trying to suck up the pain . 
 i look up at skyla , and she offers a hypnotic smile that could have me floating ten feet off the ground without the use of my levatio bloodlines . 
 i need her for this . 
 skyla is a fuel , a pure motivator that can have me orbiting the moon in a minute with her gaze covering me like a blanket . 
 i 'm feeling pretty damn lucky that i 'll get to spend a heck of a lot of time with her once i get us out of this hellhole . 
 i close my eyes for a minute and focus on that vision of us at rockaway-the wind in her hair , her lips raking over my body , her tongue lashing me like she was putting out a fire . 
 i rise into the air , steady and light , all the way to the ceiling . 
 i glance down in time to catch drake passing out in a puddle at brielle 's feet . 
 logan scoops him up and hands him to me . 
 so much for ladies first , although in drake 's case , i understand the exception . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the voice of an old lady echoes in triplicate . 
 `` it 's her , '' skyla whispers . 
 `` get them out of here , '' logan barks up at me . 
 an army of men in black infiltrates the area . 
 it takes less than five seconds for skyla and logan to get snatched up by the goth squad . 
 he puts up a fight until the unholy soldier gives logan 's neck a squeeze , and his body goes limp in an instant . 
 `` logan ! '' 
 skyla tries to reach for him as she 's whisked away , and so is he . 
 *** after pulling brielle to safety , i run back toward the morgue-like prep room . 
 i steady myself outside the door and peer in . 
 skyla is splayed out in one of the stainless tubs with her arms and legs secured with chains . 
 `` this really sucks . '' 
 she glares at the troll wielding a scalpel over her . 
 `` so what 's your name ? '' 
 she 's making small talk-stalling . 
 where the hell is logan ? 
 `` whatever you 'd like to call me , '' answers the putrid woman with a face that looks piecemealed from a dozen different corpses . 
 there 's something about her voice . 
 it 's unnatural the way it holds a note-the way it echoes in triplicate without reason . 
 `` i 'll call you hateful , '' skyla yells over at her . 
 `` you ca n't have any good in you to do something like this . '' 
 shit . 
 do not incite the maniac who thought it was a good idea to kidnap you in the first place . 
 a cold chill runs up my spine as i set in on a full-blown panic . 
 feisty was cute about five minutes ago , but not when your body is up for hostage negotiations . 
 i want to make eye contact with skyla , but she 's not looking in this direction . 
 `` i prefer ezrina . '' 
 the hag quivers out her name like the rattle of a snake . 
 `` and what is it you think i 'm doing ? '' 
 she turns her back toward skyla while sorting through a bevy of archaic-looking medical supplies . 
 `` getting ready to take my blood . '' 
 `` one point for you . '' 
 ezrina does n't sound too amused by skyla 's vocal exercise . 
 skyla kicks and bucks , trying to loosen the chains . 
 `` i ca n't stand the sight of blood , '' she cries in a fit of desperation . 
 `` then i 'll gouge your eyes out first . '' 
 she touches two vials together like she were making a toast . 
 `` no . 
 no , thanks . '' 
 skyla wiggles as if her bra were on fire . 
 `` relax , will you ? '' 
 ezrina hisses . 
 `` you celestras are always so edgy . '' 
 i pick up a long metal instrument off the counter that promises to do some serious cranial damage . 
 skyla spots me from over ezrina 's shoulder , and her eyes expand to the size of footballs . 
 i come in slowly from behind and ride the metal bar high over the sea hag 's body . 
 a hard grunt escapes me as i pierce the rod through her rotted flesh . 
 ezrina looks down at the artful bloom racing across her chest and falls to the ground . 
 her body buzzes , it twitches and pulsates like she 's having a seizure . 
 she points up at skyla just as a trail of blood leaks from her nose , and her body goes limp . 
 i twist through the chains skyla 's strapped to as if they were styrofoam and remove her from the bondage . 
 `` you killed her ! '' 
 she beams as if it were long overdue and hard won . 
 `` you were fantastic . '' 
 `` yeah , well , she does n't stay dead , so let 's hurry . '' 
 `` what do you mean she does n't stay dead ? '' 
 she jumps up rubbing her wrists . 
 `` we have two hours . '' 
 at least that 's the non-life expectancy of a fem when you kill them . 
 not sure she 's a fem-more like an other . 
 `` i 'll go get logan . '' 
 i appear in the room that houses my long-lost uncle and untie him from the chair they have him strapped to . 
 we rush down the hall to find skyla wielding a spinning corkscrew at one of ezrina 's minions , and she lunges at him , implanting the mixer into his gut . 
 he cries out in pain , stumbling backward . 
 before we can think to intervene , skyla thumps him over the head with a tray full of tools . 
 `` nice work . '' 
 logan admires her method of execution from above as blood pools at our feet . 
 skyla looks up at me with a tiny twinge of pride . 
 `` how long does he stay dead ? '' 
 judging by the fact that he looks every bit human ? 
 `` forever , '' i say . 
 `` i thought you said it was a two-hour thing ? '' 
 `` not this one . '' 
 i swipe my palms over my jeans . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 logan speeds us over to the hole in the ceiling and insists on helping skyla out of the transfer himself . 
 i get it . 
 sometimes , you do n't want another guy to be the hero . 
 you want to do it all by your lonesome . 
 i shoot him a look as i help him up . 
 but sometimes , you ca n't do it all on your own . 
 sometimes , you need a little help from the one you 'd like it from least . 
 we emerge back on paragon soil , the forest surrounding us with its familiar scents and shadows . 
 `` i let them in on your little secret , '' i say , nodding over at drake and brielle seated in the back of the minivan . 
 the hole to the transfer seals itself away as if it never existed , and a spray of blue fog infiltrates the area . 
 skyla nods over at me and mouths a thank you . 
 i pull her in with a tight grip around her waist . 
 i just need to feel her safe in my arms one more time . 
 i do n't care what logan thinks . 
 this time it 's all for me . 
 22 logan it 's only the beginning the night draws to a close as skyla and i end the chaotic evening in the butterfly room , safe from the world , from the powers and principalities that lurk in the narrowest of spaces . 
 skyla pulls off her jacket , nice and slow , lets it melt from her shoulders like she 's trying to seduce me . 
 her t-shirt is so tight i can make out the lace pattern of her bra . 
 i take a seat on the floor , and admire skyla from below as if she were a goddess . 
 her gold hair falls in waves . 
 her lips are as red as cherries . 
 she 's still out of breath from our trek over the roofline to get here in the first place . 
 she rolls her head back and moans with exhaustion , but in my delirium , i 'd like to believe those deep guttural groans were a simple act of wanting . 
 her body descends to meet mine like a lap dancer who knows her way around the male anatomy . 
 but this is skyla , and she 's inadvertently sexy-as-hell . 
 her cle ** age pushes forward as she lands before me with a cute little moan escaping from her throat . 
 `` so how does it feel being an angel ? '' 
 i pick up her hand , pulling her closer . 
 `` exhausting . '' 
 she says it sultry , inviting . 
 `` it wo n't always be like this will it ? '' 
 `` it might be if you do n't put on that pendant . '' 
 i pull my lips in a line , anticipating what might come next . 
 her cheeks bloom a bright shade of pink as she glances down at our conjoined hands . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't have it anymore . 
 her eyes meet mine for brief moment , too embarrassed to linger . 
 i accidentally gave it back to chloe . 
 and there it is . 
 i let out a breath . 
 it 's not your fault , skyla . 
 i should have been upfront with you right from the beginning instead of leaking information to you on a need-to-know basis . 
 `` should we go back and get it ? '' 
 she looks hopeful . 
 `` you 've returned it . '' 
 i look out at the wall sprayed with butterflies and lose myself in the beauty for a second . 
 `` it may not help you now . 
 besides , now that she knows we 're after it , chloe will want to secure it . '' 
 she leans in and bites down on her lip with apprehension . 
 `` do you forgive me ? '' 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive . '' 
 i pull gently at her fingers . 
 `` skyla , i want to tell you everything . 
 chloe was a celestra , too . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 something ignites in her as if all the jealousy she had toward chloe evaporated with those few simple words . 
 `` really '' - i nod - `` i had to break it off with her , but she did n't want me to . '' 
 i leave out the part about me being played-that chloe likes to end things on her own terms . 
 `` what do you mean had to ? '' 
 `` two celestra make a very big bull 's - eye . '' 
 and there is no bigger truth . 
 `` oh . '' 
 her eyes widen as if she does n't like where this might be leading . 
 `` two celestra dating are too stupid to live . '' 
 i bear into her , trying to make light of it , but the words are gospel and should drive home the point i 'm trying to make in the worst way possible . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you and i - '' my lungs expand and i ca n't bring myself to let go of this breath . 
 these last few words will put a nail in the casket of our budding relationship . 
 `` we ca n't see each other anymore-not publicly . '' 
 a pulse of silence goes by as she takes me in and gauges how serious i am . 
 `` so we 'll date in private . '' 
 her features soften . 
 her eyes widen as if she were afraid i would deny her . 
 `` it 's not that simple . 
 we need to take it a step further . '' 
 here it goes . 
 this is the knife i 'll remember forever that tore open the belly of our love as i yield her to another . 
 `` you need to have a boyfriend . 
 a real person who everyone thinks-believes-you 're with . '' 
 there 's a stillness in the room . 
 even the butterflies with their colored tissue wings , have leaned in to witness the absurdity . 
 `` who in their right mind is going to agree to that ? '' 
 `` gage . '' 
 it compresses from me like the greatest defeat . 
 `` gage ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 `` his prediction-it 's probably a fake marriage . '' 
 `` let 's hope . '' 
 but a part of me knows it 's not . 
 `` so when does this start ? '' 
 never , i want to say , but do n't . 
 i examine her for a moment as a swell of jealousy spreads through my body , viral and toxic . 
 a mild dislike brews in me for my nephew , and i 'm caught off guard by this . 
 `` i think it should take effect now . '' 
 my body feels heavy , my heart like a stone on fire-an inferno that can never be extinguished , at least not while gage is in the picture , and for the first time , i feel his pain . 
 `` and trust me , gage made it clear that he would make this very believable . '' 
 skyla thinks back to lexy 's party and that heated kiss they exchanged . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i say it low and quiet like a secret . 
 i do n't want her to apologize or feel guilty for something that 's about to replicate itself many times over . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she pulls in close with a ragged breath . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i was stupid to let michelle hang all over me . '' 
 i deserved all that and more . 
 `` what about you ? 
 are you going to get a girlfriend ? '' 
 the hurt on her face makes me want to go out and strangle every last one of the counts for ever putting us in this situation . 
 `` nope , '' i assure her . 
 `` i 'm going to be the scary loner . '' 
 i 'd never let another girl take skyla 's place . 
 it 's laughable to think it could ever happen . 
 a fight ignites in her . 
 a flicker of resolve lights her up from the inside . 
 `` what would we have to do to be together permanently ? '' 
 `` take down the countenance . '' 
 i shake my head at the impossibility . 
 skyla crawls between my knees and conforms her body to mine . 
 i wrap my arms around her as she lands a gentle kiss over my lips . 
 `` then that 's what we 'll do . '' 
 gage over the weekend , while the sun struggles to break free from the steel sheet of clouds , skyla agrees to come down to the beach with me . 
 we walk the pale sand at pikes reef , side by side , and i desperately want to take up her hand , but do n't push my luck . 
 a nice breeze picks up , showering us gently with the salty haze . 
 i did n't want to take her to rockaway and force my visions to replicate themselves in real time . 
 i want this to evolve naturally . 
 i want skyla to want to be there-holding me , rolling around in the shadowed sand , trying to bury herself in my arms like i was her favorite place on earth . 
 `` so things are pretty crazy right now . '' 
 she relaxes her shoulder against mine , and i press in just a little to let her know i more than approve . 
 `` it 'll all work out in the end . '' 
 a part of me hurts for logan just thinking about what the end might mean for him . 
 a dozen pelicans fly low over the water as skyla and i take a seat near the shoreline . 
 `` i guess we should get to know each other . '' 
 she sniffs as if there were tears driving the statement . 
 `` i mean , you know-if we 're going to pull this off . '' 
 `` hey ... '' i scoot in and wrap my arm around her shoulder . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 i promise , i 'll die before i let anyone or anything hurt you . 
 if being with logan is what you want , then i want that for you , too . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 she looks up at me uncertain , her lower lip hedging out just enough to tempt me . 
 `` i do . '' 
 i can hardly push out the words , but i mean them . 
 if she wants logan in the end , then i want that for her , no matter how much it kills me . 
 `` you 're a really nice guy . '' 
 she leans in , warming her body against mine . 
 `` but what about you , gage ? 
 i 'm sure there 's someone you 're interested in . 
 this is n't fair to you . '' 
 here it is . 
 i could tell her everything-from the first moment i saw her all those years ago in my sleep , to how my feelings only seemed to have magnified in my waking hours . 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 i rub my hand up and down her arm to warm her . 
 just being with skyla is enough for now . 
 her eyes catch the light and shine like a sea of crystal . 
 she leans over and writes something in the damp sand just beyond her legs . 
 the words skyla + gage appear across the polished slick , encased in a giant heart . 
 `` nice . '' 
 i say , admiring her work , my heart racing like a mustang out of the gate . 
 it 's all happening . 
 skyla and i are together in a roundabout way . 
 falling in love could be the very next step . 
 i lean over and spell something out , just beneath her masterpiece . 
 `` forever ? '' 
 she bites down on a laugh while looking at me from under her lashes . 
 `` you 're ambitious . '' 
 `` i like to think of myself as a realist , '' i say , wrapping my arm back around her . 
 a gentle laugh bubbles from her as she pulls me into a tight embrace . 
 `` i think you 're pretty amazing for helping us out like this . '' 
 my stomach bottoms out when she says it . 
 i 'm not a part of the `` us '' she 's referring to . 
 a wave rushes up over the shore as if it were sent from logan himself and spills its fury over the slick expanse , white as milk . 
 the water rushes back to the sea with a furtive roar while skyla and i marvel at the sand just beyond our feet . 
 `` it 's still there ! '' 
 she gives an open-mouthed smile at the strange sight . 
 the water smoothed the shoreline clean but narrowly evaded the heart , the lettering-it 's all still there , untouched . 
 `` i guess we 're meant to be . '' 
 i press a kiss over the top of her head without thinking twice . 
 she glances up with a breath caught in her throat . 
 `` i guess maybe we are . '' 
 her eyes widen at the idea . 
 `` skyla and gage , '' she whispers . 
 `` forever . '' 
