 chapter one `` sunrise is coming , '' balthazar said . 
 those were the first words anyone had spoken aloud in hours . 
 although i did n't want to hear anything balthazar had to say - about this or anything else - i knew he was right . 
 vampires could always feel the approaching dawn deep in their bones . 
 could lucas feel it , too ? 
 we sat in the projection room of an abandoned theater , where the poster-covered walls still bore marks from last night 's battle . 
 vic , the only human in the room , dozed on ranulf 's shoulder , his sandy hair mussed from sleep ; ranulf sat quietly , bloodstained ax across his lap as though he expected more danger at any second . 
 his long , thin face and bowl haircut had never made him look more like a medieval saint . 
 balthazar stood in the far corner of the room , keeping his distance out of respect for my grief . 
 yet his height and his broad shoulders meant he took up more than his share of room . 
 i cradled lucas 's head in my lap . 
 had i been alive , or a vampire , so many hours without moving would have made me stiff . 
 as a ghost , though , freed of the demands of a physical body , i 'd been able to hold him through the whole long night of his death . 
 i brushed back my long red hair , trying not to notice that the ends had trailed in lucas 's blood . 
 charity had murdered him in front of my eyes , taking advantage of lucas 's desire to protect me rather than himself . 
 it was her latest and most horrible attempt to hurt me , driven by her hatred for anybody who mattered to balthazar , her brother and sire . 
 she 'd violated a vampire taboo by biting someone another vampire had bitten first - who had , in effect , been prepared for the transformation from living to undead . 
 lucas was supposedly mine to turn , or no one 's . 
 but charity had n't cared about any taboos in a long time . 
 she did n't care about anyone or anything except her twisted relationship with balthazar . 
 wherever she was now , she was no doubt reveling in the fact that she 'd broken my heart , and that she 'd thrust lucas into the very last place he would ever want to be . 
 i 'd rather be dead , lucas had always said . 
 when i was alive and so much more innocent , i had dreamed of him becoming a vampire with me . 
 but he had been raised by the hunters of black cross , who loathed the undead and pursued them with the passion of a cult . 
 turning into a vampire had always been his ultimate nightmare . 
 now that nightmare had come true . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` minutes . '' 
 balthazar took one step forward , saw the expression on my face , and came no closer . 
 `` vic should go . '' 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 vic 's voice was scratchy with sleep . 
 he pushed himself upright , and his expression shifted from confusion to horror as he looked at lucas 's body , bloody and pale on the floor . 
 `` oh ! 
 - for a sec , i thought i 'd just had a nightmare or something . 
 but this - it 's real . '' 
 balthazar shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , vic , but you need to leave . '' 
 i realized what balthazar meant . 
 my parents , who had always wanted me to follow in their footsteps , had told me about the first hours of the transition . 
 when lucas rose as a vampire , he would want fresh blood - want it desperately , as much as he could get . 
 in the first frenzy of awakening , his hunger could push every other thought out of his mind . 
 he 'd be hungry enough to kill . 
 vic did n't know any of that . 
 `` come on , balthazar . 
 i 've gone this far with you guys . 
 i do n't want to leave lucas now . '' 
 `` balthazar is correct , '' ranulf said . 
 `` it is safer that you leave . '' 
 `` what do you mean , safer ? '' 
 `` vic , go , '' i said . 
 i hated to push him away , but if he did n't understand what was going on here , he needed a dose of harsh reality . 
 `` if you want to survive , go . '' 
 vic 's face paled . 
 more gently , balthazar added , `` this is no place for the living . 
 this belongs to the dead . '' 
 vic ran his hands through his shaggy hair , nodded once at ranulf and walked out of the projection room . 
 probably he would head home , where he 'd try to do something useful - clean house , maybe , or make food nobody else could eat . 
 human concerns seemed very distant at that moment . 
 now that vic had left , i could finally voice the thought that had been haunting me for hours . 
 `` should we - '' my throat choked up , and i had to swallow hard . 
 `` should we let this happen ? '' 
 `` you mean that you believe we should destroy lucas . '' 
 from anybody else , this would have sounded too harsh to bear ; from ranulf , it was simple , calm fact . 
 `` that we should prevent him from rising as a vampire , and accept this as his final death . '' 
 `` i do n't want to do that . 
 i ca n't begin to tell you how much i do n't want that , '' i answered . 
 every word i spoke felt like blood being squeezed from my heart . 
 `` but i know it 's what lucas would want . '' 
 did n't loving someone mean putting their wishes first , even with something as terrible as this ? 
 balthazar shook his head . 
 `` do n't do it . '' 
 `` you sound very sure . '' 
 i tried to say it calmly . 
 still , i was so angry at balthazar that i could hardly look at him ; he 'd brought lucas into the battle against charity , even though he knew lucas was numb with grief and unable to fight at his best . 
 it felt like lucas 's death was as much his fault as charity 's . 
 `` are you just telling me what i want to hear ? '' 
 balthazar frowned . 
 `` when have i ever done that ? 
 bianca , listen to me . 
 if you 'd asked me the day before i became a vampire whether i 'd want to rise as undead , i would have said no . '' 
 `` you would still say no , if you had the chance . 
 if you could go back . 
 would n't you ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 that caught him off guard . 
 `` we are n't only talking about me . 
 think about your parents . 
 about patrice , and ranulf , the other vampires you know . 
 would they really be better off rotting in their graves ? '' 
 some vampires were okay , were n't they ? 
 that was true of most of the ones i 'd ever known . 
 my parents had known centuries of happiness and love together . 
 lucas and i could have that , maybe . 
 i knew he hated the idea of being a vampire - but only two short years ago , he 'd hated all vampires with blind , unthinking prejudice . 
 he 'd come so far so quickly ; surely he could come to accept himself in time . 
 it was worth a chance . 
 it had to be . 
 everything in my heart told me that lucas deserved another chance , and that we deserved another hope of being together . 
 i traced a finger across lucas 's face : his forehead , his cheekbone and the outline of his lips . 
 the heaviness and paleness of his body reminded me of a carving in stone - fixed , unliving , unchanging . 
 `` it 's close , '' balthazar said . 
 he came closer . 
 `` it 's time . '' 
 ranulf nodded . 
 `` i sense it as well . 
 you should step away , bianca . '' 
 `` i 'm not letting go of him . '' 
 `` just be ready to move , then . 
 if you have to . '' 
 balthazar shifted his weight from one foot to the next , steadying his stance like a fighter preparing for battle . 
 it 's going to be okay , lucas , i thought , willing him to hear me past the divide between this world and the next . 
 was n't he about to cross that divide to return to me ? 
 so maybe we were close enough for him to listen . 
 we 're dead , but we can still be together . 
 nothing matters more than that . 
 we 're stronger than death . 
 now nothing else ever has to come between us . 
 you and i never have to be apart again . 
 i wanted him to believe that . 
 i wanted to believe it , too . 
 lucas 's hand twitched . 
 i gasped - a reflex of the body i 'd created , more a memory of what shock did to a living being than anything else . 
 `` be ready , '' balthazar said . 
 he was talking to ranulf , not to me . 
 shakily , i laid one hand upon lucas 's chest . 
 i realized only then that i was waiting for a heartbeat . 
 his heart would never beat again . 
 one of lucas 's feet shifted slightly , and his head turned a couple inches to the side . 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 he needed to understand that he was n't alone , before he realized anything else . 
 `` can you hear me ? 
 it 's bianca . 
 i 'm waiting for you . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 i wanted so badly to cry , but my ghostly body created no tears . 
 `` please come back to me . 
 please . '' 
 the fingers of his right hand straightened , muscles tensing , then curled back in toward his palm . 
 `` lucas , can you - '' `` no ! '' 
 lucas shoved himself away from the floor , from me , stumbling to all fours . 
 his eyes were wild , too dazed to truly see . 
 `` no ! '' 
 his back slammed against the wall . 
 he stared at the three of us , his eyes displaying no recognition , no sanity . 
 his hands pressed against the wall , fingers curved like claws , and i thought he might try to dig through it . 
 maybe it was a vampire instinct for digging your way out of a grave . 
 `` lucas , it 's okay . '' 
 i held my hands out , doing my best to remain completely solid and opaque . 
 it was better to look as familiar as possible . 
 `` we 're here with you . '' 
 `` he does n't know you yet , '' balthazar said . 
 `` he 's looking at us , but he ca n't see . '' 
 ranulf added , `` he wants only blood . '' 
 at the word blood , lucas 's head tilted , like a predator catching the scent of prey . 
 i realized that was the only word he 'd recognized . 
 the man i loved had been reduced to an animal - to a monster , i realized , the sick , empty , murderous shell that lucas had once believed every vampire to be . 
 lucas 's eyes narrowed . 
 he bared his teeth , and with a shock i saw , for the first time , his vampire fangs . 
 they altered his face so much that i hardly knew him , and that more than anything else tore at me . 
 his posture shifted into a crouch , and i realized he was about to attack - any of us , all of us . 
 anything that moved . 
 me . 
 balthazar moved first . 
 he leaped - pounced - toward lucas , colliding with him so forcefully that the wall behind them crunched and plaster dust fell from the ceiling . 
 lucas threw him off , but then ranulf was on him in an attempt to push him into a corner . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i cried . 
 `` stop hurting him ! '' 
 balthazar shook his head as he rose from the floor . 
 `` this is the only thing he understands right now , bianca . 
 dominance . '' 
 lucas pushed ranulf backward , so hard that he thudded against me , and i stumbled into the old projector . 
 sharp metal jabbed into my shoulder . 
 i felt pain , real pain , the kind i 'd experienced back when i had a real body instead of this ghostly simulation . 
 when i put my hand to my shoulder , i felt a lukewarm wetness beneath my fingers and pulled them away to see blood - silvery and strange . 
 i had n't even realized that i still had blood now . 
 the liquid gleamed like mercury . 
 almost iridescent in the dim light . 
 the three - way fight in front of me was growing more violent - balthazar 's foot to lucas 's gut , lucas 's fist to ranulf 's jaw - but balthazar saw that i was injured and shouted , `` bianca , stay back ! 
 you 're bleeding ! '' 
 what was that supposed to mean ? 
 surely vampires did n't drink wraiths ' blood , so there was no danger of my driving lucas further into a killing frenzy . 
 at that moment , i was n't sure he could become more frenzied than he already was . 
 younger and weaker he might be , but desperation goaded him on , made him fierce . 
 it was possible he might defeat ranulf and balthazar both . 
 i could n't bear to see that , but i did n't think i could stand the alternative either . 
 my fear sharpened - and became anger . 
 enough of this . 
 i pushed myself toward them , blood on my fingertips , and flung out my hand as i cried , `` stop ! '' 
 droplets of silvery blood spattered through the air as all three of the guys shrank back . 
 at my side , balthazar whispered , `` do n't get into this . '' 
 ignoring him , i stepped directly in front of lucas . 
 he had backed against the wall , glancing around wildly as though he could think of nothing but escape - or , perhaps , in search of living prey . 
 death had sharpened his features , making him both more beautiful and infinitely frightening . 
 the only features that remained ilie same were his eyes . 
 so i focused only on his eyes . 
 `` lucas , it 's me . 
 it 's bianca . '' 
 he said nothing , just stared at me , utterly motionless . 
 i realized he was n't breathing - most vampires did just as force of habit , but it seemed that death had claimed him entirely . 
 no way was i going to let that happen . 
 `` lucas , '' i repeated . 
 `` i know you can hear me . 
 the guy i love is still in there . 
 come back to me . '' 
 once again , i longed for the release of tears . 
 `` death could n't keep me from you . 
 and it ca n't keep you from me , not if you do n't let it . '' 
 lucas did n't speak , but some of the tension left his body , relaxing his hands and his shoulders . 
 he still looked edgy , almost crazed , but some semblance of control had returned to him . 
 what could i do ? 
 was there anything i could say that would get through to him ? 
 someiliing he would remember . . . 
 when lucas had first learned that i was born to two vampires , he had to overcome his revulsion of the undead in order to hold true to his love for me . 
 if he could remember what it had meant for him to accept me for what i was , maybe he could begin to face what he , too , had become . 
 haltingly , i spoke his words as they came back to me : `` even though you 're a vampire - it does n't matter to me . 
 it does n't change how i feel about you . '' 
 lucas blinked , and for the first time since he had risen from the dead , his eyes seemed to fully focus . 
 i realized that his fangs had retracted , leaving only the unearthly pallor and beauty of the vampire . 
 in every other way , he looked human . 
 he looked like himself . 
 he whispered , `` bianca ? '' 
 `` it 's me . 
 oh , lucas , it 's me . '' 
 lucas clutched me to him in an impossibly tight embrace , and i wrapped my arms around his shoulders . 
 i felt hot tears against my shoulder ; i wished i could cry , too . 
 our legs gave out at the same time , and we sank to the floor together . 
 i glanced over my shoulder to tell balthazar and ranulf to leave us , but they were already halfway out the door . 
 once we were alone , i ran my hands through lucas 's hair , stroked his back , and kissed his cheek . 
 `` you made it back , '' i said . 
 `` we 're together . 
 we 'll be okay . '' 
 `` i never thought i 'd see you again . 
 i thought you were dead . '' 
 `` i am . 
 we both are . '' 
 `` then how - how is this real ? '' 
 `` i 've become a wraith . 
 only , wraiths like me who were born to it , born to two vampires - we have powers the others do n't . 
 i can have a body if i want , at least for a while . 
 if i 'd realized before ... if i could have told you ... this would never have had to happen . '' 
 `` do n't say it . '' 
 his voice was strangled . 
 we rested our foreheads against each other , and the contact should have been comforting , but we were both so cold . 
 `` my body feels heavy . 
 wrong . 
 dead . '' 
 lucas 's hands tightened on my shoulders . 
 `` and yet there 's this hunger making me wild . 
 driving me insane . 
 you 're back in my arms - i 'd lost you forever , and here you are - but the only thing i can think about , the only thing i want - '' he could n't finish ; he did n't have to . 
 i knew all he wanted was blood . 
 `` it will get better . '' 
 my parents had always told me so , and were n't most of the vampires of evernight proof of that ? 
 lucas did n't seem to believe me , but he said , dutifully , `` got ta hang on . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 for a few moments , we simply held each other . 
 the faded film-star faces on the tattered movie posters around us seemed to be watching us , an audience of dark , soulless eyes . 
 when i leaned against lucas 's shoulder , i tried to breathe in the familiar scent of his skin , but that was gone . 
 either his scent had been lost when he died , or i no longer had a sense of smell like i had before , or both . 
 so many things had been taken from us . 
 but not each other , i reminded myself . 
 we have to remember that . 
 first i had to get him out of this place , where he had been murdered . 
 we needed to go someplace better , more familiar . 
 vic 's house , i decided . 
 we 'd hidden out there for the past month or so this summer , while vic 's family vacationed in italy . 
 our little makeshift apartment in the wine cellar would n't be that much more comforting - it was where i had died just the day before - but maybe we could remain there until we figured out what to do . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i took one of his hands in mine . 
 the coral bracelet he 'd given me for my last birthday jangled at my wrist . 
 `` they 're waiting for us outside . '' 
 `` who 's waiting for us ? '' 
 lucas could n't seem to focus ; it was like he was listening to a cell phone at the same time he was trying to listen to me . 
 not in a rude way ; he just could n't help it , which was worse . 
 `` balthazar - and vic and ranulf , too . 
 they came back from italy after you e-mailed them . 
 remember ? '' 
 lucas nodded . 
 his hand tightened around mine , so hard it nearly hurt . 
 lucas did n't seem to have any way to judge his new strength - and this despite the fact that he already had enhanced power from having been bitten . 
 he worked his jaw , as if practicing biting down , over and over . 
 if he needed me to be the steady one , i would be . 
 of course i was better at being dead , i decided ; i 'd had a whole day 's practice . 
 it had taken me a few hours to get the hang of being noncorporeal . 
 so no wonder it would take him a while to deal with becoming a vampire . 
 we left the projection room and walked out through the abandoned theater . 
 the scene in the lobby was n't pretty : beheaded vampires lay crumpled on the floor , and i tried not to look at any of the abandoned heads . 
 vampires did n't bleed much after death - no heartbeat to pump out the blood - but i noticed lucas looking hungrily at the few droplets on the floor . 
 `` i know you 're hungry , '' i said , trying to comfort him . 
 `` you do n't know . 
 you ca n't know . 
 there 's nothing like this . '' 
 lucas 's grimace revealed his fangs . 
 just the sight of blood had brought them out again . 
 when i had been alive , part vampire , i had experienced the desperate yearning for blood , but i suspected lucas was right : the craving he felt now had intensified beyond anything i 'd ever known . 
 we walked outside to see balthazar , alone , leaning on his car in the otherwise empty parking lot . 
 his shadow stretched out , long and broad , in the beam of the nearby streetlamp . 
 balthazar spoke to me first . 
 `` vic was hanging around out front . 
 the only way ranulf could get him to leave was to go along . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said as we reached him . 
 `` let 's just get out of here . 
 i never want to see this place again . '' 
 balthazar did n't move ; he and lucas just stared at each other . 
 for years , they 'd loathed one another ; only in the aftermath of my death had they been able to work together . 
 now , though , what i saw between them was total understanding . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 lucas 's voice was rough . 
 `` some of the stuff i said to you - about choices , being a vampire , and everything like that - jesus . 
 i get it now . '' 
 `` i wish you did n't . 
 i wish you 'd never had to understand . '' 
 balthazar closed his eyes for a second , maybe remembering his own transformation centuries ago . 
 `` come on . 
 we 'll get you something to drink . '' 
 with a pang , i realized that lucas and balthazar understood each other now on a level that i would never fully grasp . 
 for some reason , it felt like a loss . 
 or maybe in that moment , with lucas seemingly so far from me in spirit , everything felt like a loss . 
 balthazar drove us back toward the nicer neighborhood in philadelphia where vic lived . 
 lucas and l sat together in the backseat , his hand gripping mine tightly , his gaze focused in the distance beyond the windshield . 
 sometimes he frowned and closed his eyes like a person in the throes of a migraine ; his feet moved restlessly against the floorboards , as though he were pushing back , or attempting to push through . 
 he did n't want to be here , to be contained - everything around him now was just one more thing between him and the blood he needed . 
 i knew better than to try to get him to talk . 
 after he 'd had something to drink , then he would be okay . 
 he had to be . 
 balthazar broke the wretched silence by turning on the radio , classic jazz , the kind of thing my dad used to listen to around the house . 
 as billie holiday crooned about foolish things , i wondered what my parents would say now , and whether there was any advice they could have given us . 
 we 'd parted badly before i ran off with lucas at the beginning of the summer ; at the moment , i missed them so much it hurt . 
 what would they think of everything that had happened in the past couple of days ? 
 i glanced at lucas - the pale cool stillness of his flesh , the way that death had brightened his eyes and carved out his cheekbones - and thought bleakly , well , they always wanted me to end up with a nice vampire boy . 
 the car turned onto the road where vic lived , an upscale area with broad yards separating the palatial homes . 
 as every house had a four - car garage , we rarely saw other cars out on the street , but there were three right in front of vic 's house . 
 not the usual kinds of mercedes or jaguars that drove around here either - these were beat - up trucks and station wagons . 
 something about this began to feel familiar . 
 then i realized nearly a dozen people were standing in the street and in vic 's yard . 
 when i glimpsed a stake in one man 's hands , i realized at least that some of them were armed . 
 `` is this charity 's tribe ? '' 
 balthazar said . 
 `` is she still after lucas ? '' 
 i remembered the e-mails lucas had sent out just before my death , when he 'd been so desperate that he 'd asked anyone and everyone for help , even people we had every reason to expect to turn against us . 
 his messages had been answered . 
 `` it 's not charity , '' i whispered . 
 `` it 's black cross . '' 
 chapter two `` black cross , '' balthazar repeated . 
 if i had n't been there when black cross captured balthazar - and tortured him - i might have thought he was being very calm about the fact that a band of vampire hunters had showed up . 
 instead , i could see the hints of fear and anger submerged in his gaze . 
 his fists tightened around the steering wheel . 
 `` we should get out of here . '' 
 `` we ca n't just leave vic and ranulf ! '' 
 i said . 
 then lucas leaned forward and whispered , `` mom ? '' 
 i saw her , too : kate , a black cross cell leader and lucas 's mother . 
 her honey gold hair , so like her son 's , shone beneath the streetlamp 's light ; shadows etched the firm muscles of her arms and the stake she wore at her belt . 
 when black cross had learned of my true nature and cast us out of their cell , they 'd kept her away . 
 i 'd always believed this was because of kate 's fierce love for her son , which was often hidden beneath her discipline and duty but was undeniable . 
 was it strong enough to sustain them now ? 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said to balthazar . 
 `` she brought some friends and came here to help lucas , not to hunt . 
 see ? '' 
 pointing , i showed him where another black cross hunter was at the front door , apparently asking vic a lot of questions while vic did a bad job of looking casual . 
 `` these ` friends ' are some of the hunters who captured me and discovered you , bianca , '' balthazar said . 
 `` they might have come here to help , but once they see us , all bets are off . '' 
 `` i need to talk to her , '' lucas said . 
 `` if you guys want to go , go . '' 
 i was n't afraid for myself ; these hunters knew little about the wraith and would be unable to hurt me . 
 that did n't mean i was n't afraid . 
 `` do you think kate can protect you from them ? 
 and balthazar ? '' 
 `` she 'll hold off if i tell her to , '' lucas insisted . 
 `` and what about you ? '' 
 balthazar said . 
 his hands only clutched the steering wheel harder . 
 `` who 's going to hold you off ? '' 
 lucas glared at him . 
 `` i wo n't attack my own mother . '' 
 `` you think that now . 
 wait until you get out there and smell fresh blood . 
 you 'll be able to feel her pulse , almost - like a magnet , drawing you in . '' 
 balthazar knew too well what he was talking about ; his first act after being turned into a vampire had been to murder his own sister . 
 also , the hunters had begun paying attention to our car , moving closer . 
 balthazar continued , `` if we 're going , we need to go now . '' 
 `` we 're not going . '' 
 lucas 's jaw was set , his stare resolute . 
 `` i can handle it . 
 i 've got to . 
 and - come on , it 's my mom . '' 
 as he slid out of the back seat , balthazar glanced at me in the rearview mirror , like i was suddenly going to take his side versus lucas 's and run away . 
 if lucas trusted himself , then i would trust lucas . 
 i simply stepped out behind him . 
 balthazar could get out of the car to back us up or not ; i did n't care . 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 kate said . 
 she jogged toward him , a smile lighting her face for the brief moment before she saw me . 
 in the distance , i could see the hunters walking toward us and away from vic 's house , and vic slumping against his doorjamb in relief . 
 `` mom . '' 
 lucas remained still , as if frozen to the spot . 
 his features tightened , and i could tell that he was staring at her throat . 
 what balthazar had said was true . 
 he could feel her pulse - sense her blood . 
 kate 's eyes narrowed as she came closer to us and saw at me . 
 `` thought you were supposed to be sick , '' she said . 
 distrust and contempt laced her every word . 
 `` so sick you could n't move . '' 
 `` i was , '' i said . 
 `` but - not now . '' 
 i could n't exactly claim to have gotten better . 
 `` no more reason for lucas to stick around , then . '' 
 kate held out her hand to her son . 
 `` you can come back . 
 it 's okay . 
 the people who would hold it against you - we do n't need them . 
 all you have to do is realize you made a mistake . '' 
 lucas did n't take her hand . 
 `` i did n't make a mistake . '' 
 his voice was thin , his words forced . 
 his eyes glittered brightly in the dim light , and i could sense the waves of killing madness washing over him . 
 yet he stood his ground . 
 `` i love bianca . 
 i made my choice . 
 but ... i 'm glad you came . '' 
 movement in the farther distance caught my attention . 
 my eyes widened when i recognized two of the hunters in this small group , standing at the far side of vic 's lawn - a heavyset , dark - skinned woman with her hair in thick braids , and another with golden skin and hair sheared crazily short against her scalp : dana and raquel . 
 dana had been lucas 's best friend since they were little kids , and when my true nature had been revealed , she was the one who had helped us escape . 
 raquel had been my best friend and junior - year roommate at evernight academy , and the victim of a terrible wraith haunting ever since childhood . 
 she had run away with lucas and me , joining us when we 'd become part of black cross . 
 raquel was also the one who had turned me in to black cross when she 'd realized i was the child of vampires . 
 they loved each other . 
 would raquel have come around to dana 's way of thinking and stand with us now ? 
 or would dana side with raquel instead of the old friend who had abandoned her ? 
 i turned away from them , focusing entirely on lucas . 
 kate stood only a couple of feet away from him . 
 although she radiated disapproval , i could tell that it was only me she loathed ; for her son , she had an uncertain smile . 
 `` lucas , think about this , '' she said . 
 `` we 're not only your cell . 
 we 're your family . 
 because family 's not just about blood - it 's about what you share , what you believe . '' 
 lucas winced when she said blood , but kate did n't seem to notice . 
 she was too angry at me , and too worried about him . 
 `` bianca ca n't have told you what she was at first , '' kate said . 
 `` she lied to you . '' 
 although lucas and i had gotten past the fact that we 'd kept so many secrets from each other at the start , the memory of our old mistakes stung . 
 kate continued , `` are you going to forget your duty , forget everything else you learned , and throw away your whole life chasing after some girl who lied to you ? 
 i think you 're smarter than that . '' 
 he had thrown his life away , literally dying in an attempt to avenge me . 
 the reminder of what he 'd lost to be by my side scalded me with shame . 
 lucas did n't notice - he shook with the need to restrain himself . 
 his need for blood had become so overpowering that i could tell he might break . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 lucas 's voice sounded ragged with strain . 
 `` please , mom , can the two of us just . . . 
 talk for a while ? 
 i have a lot to tell you . 
 a lot of stuff i need to make sense of . '' 
 concern made kate stop trying to convert him and start listening . 
 `` lucas , are you okay ? 
 you look pale , and you 've obviously been in a fight - '' `` i 'm - '' his throat choked off the word fine . 
 `` we have to talk . 
 that 's it . 
 i need you to come through for me on this . '' 
 his eyes met hers . 
 `` i really need you to do that . '' 
 kate 's expression softened . 
 the mother had won out over the fighter . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she took another step toward him and held out her arms . 
 lucas paused only a moment before embracing her tightly . 
 i saw him grimace as he took in the scent of her blood - but he did n't break . 
 he 's done it , i thought with delight . 
 lucas can control the blood hunger . 
 then kate 's arms tensed , and her eyes went wide . 
 i realized that , for the first time , she saw that the blood staining his t - shirt was his own - and she saw the wound at his neck . 
 the wound obviously caused by a vampire 's bite . 
 if i had noticed how cold lucas felt to the touch , then his mother could , too . 
 kate jerked away from him , leaving lucas to stumble back in confusion . 
 her hand went to her stake . 
 `` what did bianca do to you ? '' 
 lucas took a step toward her , eyes pleading . 
 `` it was n't bianca . 
 mom , just listen . '' 
 `` ask the others to leave , '' i said . 
 maybe kate had a chance to accept her son as whatever he had become , but i did n't want to take my chances on the rest of the black cross hunters . 
 `` let lucas explain . '' 
 `` you 've been killed . '' 
 kate 's voice was almost a sob . 
 `` you 're a vampire . '' 
 there was a ripple of gasps and whispered curses from the other hunters . 
 dana hid her face against raquel 's arm for a moment . 
 i glanced behind us at balthazar , who remained behind the wheel with the car 's motor idling . 
 lucas kept his eyes locked with his mother . 
 `` yes . 
 i am . 
 it 's not like they told us , mom ; i 'm different but i 'm still me . 
 at least , i think i 'm still me . 
 this is ... weird and scary , and i need to find out if there 's any way for me to be the person i was before . 
 please help me do that . '' 
 kate straightened . 
 she never looked away from him , her gaze as cool and hard as iron . 
 `` you 're the shell of what my son used to be . 
 i loved him more than a monster like you can ever know - '' `` mom , no , '' lucas whispered . 
 she acted like she had n't heard . 
 `` and you can taunt me with his voice and his face only as long as i let you . '' 
 though her voice trembled , kate pulled out her stake , her grip sure . 
 `` all i can do for lucas now is give him a decent burial . 
 and that means ending you . '' 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i grabbed his arm to pull him toward the car , but he twisted away from me , as if unable to believe that his mother could do this to him . 
 then she swung at him so fast that he stumbled as he dodged the blow . 
 most of the other hunters began running toward us . 
 ranulf burst from vic 's doorway , ax in hand , courageously jumping into the fray despite the likelihood that he 'd be staked and beheaded . 
 none of that scared me as much as what was happening to lucas . 
 wham ! 
 kate 's fist hit his jaw , and his expression went blank . 
 wham ! 
 lucas blocked one of her blows , and he narrowed his eyes , baring his teeth in rage . 
 wham ! 
 this time he hit her . 
 his fangs extended . 
 i knew then that the threat had pushed him over the edge . 
 the blood madness gripped lucas now . 
 he was ftghting to kill . 
 i pulled at the clasp of my coral bracelet , the one lucas had given me for my birthday - and my tether to corporeal existence . 
 when it fell onto vic 's lawn , i felt myself become lighter , insubstantial . 
 one of the hunters came at me , swinging a stake . 
 i simply turned to vapor , so that his hand passed right through me - a weird sensation , sort of like a stomach cramp . 
 the hunter screamed , which would have been hilarious any other time . 
 zooming upward above the fray , i tried to take in the scene . 
 ranulf single - handedly held off the three hunters closest to vic 's house . 
 vic had run out onto the lawn , not to fight but apparently to yell at raquel , which at least was keeping her out of the battle . 
 dana , too - she had remained by raquel 's side , maybe to defend her , maybe because she could n't attack her best friend even if he 'd become a vampire . 
 lucas and his mother stood in the heart of it , locked in combat . 
 he answered every punch she landed and clawed at her every chance he got , while throwing off the two hunters trying to come to her aid . 
 if he got the upper hand , i knew he would kill kate . 
 and if he did that , if he drank his own mother 's blood , there was no way lucas would ever be able to forgive himself . 
 at first it looked like balthazar was just going to sit in the car and watch , which infuriated me . 
 then the motor revved , and with the screech of burning rubber , balthazar drove the car straight onto vic 's lawn , making the hunters scatter . 
 he did n't hit anybody , but not for lack of trying . 
 i wanted to protect the people i could . 
 quickly i pulled myself together into a physical form on the ground , right by raquel , dana , and vic . 
 though i remained half transparent , they were able to see me . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 dana yelled , throwing her arms around raquel like i was going to hurt her . 
 `` get out of here , '' i said . 
 `` dana , take raquel and try to get the others to follow you . 
 please ! '' 
 `` do it . '' 
 vic folded his arms . 
 `` you do n't know what kind of badass ghost mojo she 's capable of . 
 trust me , i 've seen her in action . 
 you do n't want to be around . '' 
 `` ghost ? '' 
 raquel whispered . 
 her face went pale . 
 `` bianca - you 're dead ? '' 
 `` we 're leaving . '' 
 dana dragged raquel toward one of the trucks . 
 raquel 's eyes met mine for one tortured moment before she turned to follow . 
 `` um , bianca ? '' 
 vic tried to tap my shoulder , but his hand went through . 
 `` whoa . 
 okay , some of that badass ghost mojo would n't be a bad idea right now . '' 
 a couple of hunters ran toward us , but balthazar tackled them , taking them both down with his outstretched arms . 
 ranulf held his own , but i was n't sure how much longer he could go . 
 and two hunters already lay dazed on the ground near lucas , who continued battling his mother in blind rage . 
 i did have ghostly powers that were useful in combat , but i 'd only ever tried them on vampires . 
 would that kill a human ? 
 i was n't ready to do that , even if the humans in question seemed very ready to kill me . 
 `` we do n't need powers , '' isaid quickly . 
 `` we need the police . '' 
 `` police ? '' 
 `` vic , call 911 ! 
 tell them there 's a - like , a home invasion or an attempted robbery in progress , something ! '' 
 black cross tried to steer clear of the law , because they wanted to stay off their radar . 
 `` when they hear the sirens , they 'll go . '' 
 vic took off for the house and his cell phone . 
 i ran toward lucas , not sure what i was going to do but desperate to keep him from either being killed or killing his mother . 
 lucas 's wild - eyed gaze told me he was beyond reasoning with . 
 so i cried , `` kate , do n't ! 
 you do n't want to do this ! '' 
 `` let me give my son some peace ! '' 
 she never stopped circling her son ; one of her eyes was already blackening from his fist . 
 lucas would never have done that to her , never , if anything of his spirit was in control . 
 i slipped between them - not like she could do anything to me , what with me being dead and everything . 
 `` you ca n't kill him . 
 you know you do n't want to . '' 
 her gaze went right through me , focusing only on the cloudy figure of her son behind my transparent form . 
 `` i can and i will . '' 
 my desperation peaked . 
 i looked at kate , pleading with every part of my soul for her to stop and try to see that her son was still with her - to see him through my eyes - until it felt almost like my desperation had become a blade that could cut through her - then this bizarre tidal pull seized me , dragging me toward kate in the blink of an eye . 
 before i could ask myself what was happening , i felt myself being drawn into her , absorbed by her . 
 everything went dark for an instant , and then when i could see again , i knew i was looking through kate 's eyes . 
 i could feel her body all around me , like a suit of armor , but one with warmth , breath , and a heartbeat . 
 kate 's hand dropped the stake as her feet stumbled backward . 
 the only thing i could think was , i 'm possessing someone . 
 i 've possessed kate . 
 how did i do that ? 
 the sheer power of my desperation had acted almost like a battering ram , opening a portal into her very self . 
 could all wraiths do this ? 
 i had no idea . 
 all that mattered was my ability to stop this fight . 
 lucas charged at me , and i dodged him , but clumsily , because controlling kate 's body was weird and unfamiliar , sort of like my first driving lesson . 
 i shouted , `` everyone , let 's go ! '' 
 talking in kate 's voice sounded odd , but i kept giving orders . 
 `` we 're getting out of here now ! '' 
 then i felt an even stranger sensation - kate 's spirit , struggling against me , trying to push me out . 
 could she do it ? 
 i decided to let her , if it was possible . 
 instantly , i felt myself scattered and invisible , floating upward in a dreamlike haze . 
 my reverie was broken when i heard kate say , voice shaking with fear , `` we have to leave . '' 
 the hunters ran for their trucks and vans , responding either to her first order or her last . 
 lucas sprang after her , but balthazar shoved him aside and took him down , keeping him back . 
 as their taillights vanished down the road , vic jogged out of his house , both hands in his sandy hair , like he was trying to hold his head together . 
 `` what , i just called the cops for nothing ? '' 
 `` first be glad that black cross is gone , '' ranulf pointed out , brushing himself off and calm as ever . 
 `` well , the police are coming . 
 so maybe get the car out of the yard . '' 
 vic looked at the deep tire tracks in the grass and groaned . 
 `` there are not even words for how grounded i 'm going to be . 
 they 're gon na have to invent words for it . 
 new words . '' 
 i coalesced amid the guys . 
 `` ranulf 's right , though . 
 this could have been a lot worse . '' 
 lucas turned toward vic . 
 his eyes remained flat and blind , his fangs still extended . 
 with horror i realized that lucas had n't yet drunk blood and the killing rage from the fight held him in its grasp . 
 he lunged at vic . 
 ranulf managed to knock vic out of the way , but lucas tore at him with his whole strength , willing to shred ranulf if that got him closer to the human , to the source of fresh blood . 
 vic 's jaw dropped . 
 `` oh , my god , '' he said , standing in place out of shock instead of running for his life . 
 `` this is n't happening . '' 
 `` vic , run ! '' 
 balthazar said , pulling lucas off ranulf . 
 vic took a couple of shuffiing steps , then finally accepted what was going on and ran like crazy toward his front door . 
 lucas elbowed balthazar sharply , but balthazar was able , with difficulty , to maintain his grip . 
 he said to ranulf , `` get him into the wine cellar . 
 keep him there until we can get him some blood . 
 after i move the car , i 'll come help you . '' 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` lucas , can you hear me ? '' 
 it was like i did n't exist . 
 lucas only wanted blood , and he did n't care if he had to kill vic to do it . 
 ranulf dragged lucas backward , struggling with him the whole way . 
 all i could do was open the wine cellar door for them . 
 in the distance , sirens blared , coming closer . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 lucas raged , clawing ranulf viciously in the side . 
 ranulf grimaced but held on . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 `` you have to calm down , '' i said . 
 `` please , lucas , get ahold of yourself . '' 
 `` he can not hear you . '' 
 ranulf managed to say as he wrestled lucas toward a corner . 
 `` i remember the madness . '' 
 lucas roared , a terrifyingly animal sound . 
 every muscle of his body was flexed in his desperate need to escape , to kill and drink blood . 
 ranulf could hold him off , because of his great age and power , but after that battle , ranulf 's strength had to be taxed to the limit . 
 seeing lucas like this , reduced to an insane shell of himself , here in the little makeshift apartment where we had loved each other so much , nearly destroyed me . 
 the sirens got louder . 
 lucas roared again and smashed ranulf backward against the wall with such force that the wine bottles rattled and ranulf lost his grip . 
 he leaped toward the door , and i started after him - but balthazar came through . 
 thank god , i thought . 
 balthazar can stop him , i know he can ! 
 but then i cried out in horror as balthazar brandished a stake and swung it , hard , so that it slammed deep into lucas 's chest . 
 chapter three lucas collapsed upon the floor , a stake jutting out from his heart . 
 i fell to my knees by his side . 
 `` balthazar , no ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 just as i grasped the stake to pull it out , balthazar roughly towed me up to my feet , away from lucas . 
 i went vapory again , slipping out of his arms easily . 
 `` you ca n't stop me from taking care of him . '' 
 `` think , '' balthazar said . 
 `` we need him to remain quiet while the police are here , and make sure he does n't go after vic . 
 i ca n't come up with any other way to make that happen . 
 can you ? '' 
 `` there has to be some way better than staking him , '' i insisted . 
 `` he is essentially unharmed , '' ranulf said , shaking off the impact of lucas 's last blows . 
 `` the stake through the heart only paralyzes ; it does not kill . 
 when the stake is removed , lucas will be as he was , except for a scar . '' 
 `` i know - but - '' the sight of him lying at my feet , crumpled and dead as he had been just a few hours ago , was too raw for me to bear . 
 balthazar stepped closer . 
 in the relative darkness of the wine cellar , his shadowy form seemed more imposing than usual , which made the contrast with his quiet voice especially striking . 
 `` lucas staked me once to save me . 
 i 'm returning the favor . '' 
 `` you probably enjoyed it . '' 
 i turned away from him then , but already i 'd realized we could n't unstake lucas yet . 
 as he was , he was uncontrollable . 
 `` until we have fresh blood for him to drink , leaving him unconscious is a kindness , '' balthazar said . 
 just when i might have softened toward him , he had to add , `` when you calm down enough to act like an adult , you 'll see that . '' 
 `` please do not force me to listen to romantic bickering , '' ranulf said . 
 ranulf 's request was simple enough , but it was an uncomfortable reminder of everything that had happened between balthazar and me - how much more he had wanted , and what i had been unable to give . 
 although i did n't think jealousy drove balthazar 's actions , i wondered if it allowed him to gain some satisfaction by staking lucas . 
 balthazar had insisted on going after charity the day after my death , and he had brought lucas along , knowing that lucas was too grief-stricken to truly fight . 
 lucas , near suicidal , had plunged in unprepared . 
 the aftermath of balthazar 's mistake would be on lucas forever . 
 that outweighed everything that had happened between us before , good or bad . 
 this is what you get for hanging out with the wrong kind of dead people , a sardonic voice said . 
 that would be maxie , the house ghost . 
 the others could n't hear her . 
 she 'd been connected to vic throughout his childhood but had never appeared to him or any other living creature - except me . 
 anticipating my transformation into a wraith , she 'd begun appearing to me back when i was a student at evernight academy : now that i 'd died . 
 she wanted me to abandon the mortal world and join her in other , more mystical realms . 
 the whole idea terrified me , and i 'd never been less in the mood to talk to her about it . 
 an awkward silence filled the room . 
 a dead body on the floor made casual conversation pretty much impossible . 
 balthazar studied the wine racks for a few minutes , in what i thought was just a distraction , until he pulled a bottle out . 
 `` argentinean malbec . 
 nice . '' 
 `` you 're going to sit here and drink wine ? '' 
 i protested . 
 `` we 've got to sit here and do something . '' 
 balthazar looked around for a corkscrew , failed to find one , and then simply smashed the neck of the bottle against the tiny sink . 
 spatters of red fell onto the floor . 
 `` it 's not a particularly expensive bottle . 
 we can replace it . '' 
 `` that 's not the problem , '' i said . 
 `` what is the problem , bianca ? '' 
 he , too , had become frustrated . 
 `` are you freaking out because i look underage ? 
 my face might be nineteen , but i 'm legal plus four hundred years or so . '' 
 he knew that was n't what i meant either . 
 before i could snap at him , ranulf groaned . 
 `` still there is bickering . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` okay . 
 truce . '' 
 i was too tired for any of this . 
 although balthazar looked like he might keep it up , he finally let it go . 
 from his pocket he withdrew my bracelet . 
 `` picked this up off the lawn , '' he said . 
 `` thanks , '' i said flatly . 
 but i hastened to clasp it around my wrist again . 
 since my death a couple of days ago , i 'd learned that only a handful of things i 'd bonded to strongly in life had the ability to empower me to be fully corporeal again - this coral bracelet , and a jet brooch in lucas 's pocket . 
 both of them were made out of material that had once been alive ; it was something we had in common . 
 as the bracelet enhanced my power , i felt gravity settle around me , and i no longer had to work at retaining a regular form . 
 balthazar sighed heavily , grabbed two glasses from the rack beside the sink , and poured for himself and ranulf . 
 after a moment , he said , `` can you drink wine anymore ? 
 drink anything ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't seem to need food or water . '' 
 the mere thought of chewing was faintly disgusting to me now , i realized - one more difference between me and the living world . 
 there are better things than eating and drinking , maxie said . 
 increasingly her presence could be felt , a sort of cool spot right next to me , but balthazar and ranulf remained oblivious . 
 are n't you curious about what they are ? 
 i ignored her . 
 i had eyes only for lucas , so pale and broken upon the floor . 
 a thin circle of bloodstains ringed the stake , no more : evidence that his heart had stopped beating forever . 
 the strong features that had always captivated me - his firm jaw , his high cheekbones - were more sculpted now , his handsomeness as compelling as it was unnatural . 
 the makeshift apartment in the wine cellar was where we had lived for the final weeks of our lives , virtually the only time we 'd ever had to just be together without rules to keep us apart . 
 we 'd tried to make spaghetti on the hot plate , watched old movies on the dvd player , and slept together in the bed . 
 sometimes our situation had seemed so desperate , but i realized now that it was the greatest joy we 'd ever shared . 
 maybe the greatest we ever would share . 
 we 're together , i reminded myself . 
 you have to believe that as long as that 's true , we can make it . 
 that belief had never been more important , but it had never felt so fragile . 
 i heard car doors slamming ; vic had apparently managed to get rid of the police . 
 ranulf and balthazar lifted glasses to each other , or to vic . 
 within a few seconds , there was a rapping on the door , and balthazar opened it to let vic in . 
 `` those guys did not want to believe my home invasion story , '' he said . 
 vic remained on the doorstop instead of coming in . 
 `` apparently my neighbors called them even before i did and said it was a wild party , though how that looked like a party , i do n't know . 
 they made me take a breathalyzer - oh , man . '' 
 vic saw lucas on the floor . 
 `` what did you guys do ? '' 
 `` the staking will not harm him , '' ranulf explained . 
 `` when it is removed , lucas will revive . 
 do you require some wine ? '' 
 vic shook his head . 
 he just stood there in his t-shirt and jeans , awkward and miserable , staring down at lucas . 
 `` he wo n't ... he ca n't ... '' `` he wo n't attack you , '' balthazar said . 
 `` for the time being , lucas ca n't move . 
 and we wo n't unstake him until we can get him fed . '' 
 vic crammed his hands in his pockets , and although he had to know balthazar was telling the truth , he could n't bring himself to walk any closer . 
 i realized that , no matter how upsetting this was for me , it had to be a hundred times worse for vic . 
 he was the only human in the room , and despite growing up in a haunted house and attending evernight academy , vic 's experience of the supernatural was fairly limited - or it had been , before tonight , when one of his best friends had tried to kill him . 
 maxie cocked an eyebrow , her saucy sense of humor already returning . 
 `` i already told you . 
 vampires and wraiths ? 
 not a good mix . 
 a really , really bad mix . 
 we 're poison to them , and they 're no friends to us . '' 
 `` i love lucas . 
 our deaths do n't change that . '' 
 `` death changes everything . 
 have n't you learned that much by now ? '' 
 `` it did n't change you haranguing me nonstop , '' i snapped . 
 maxie ducked her head , her dark blond hair tumbling around her face . 
 if she 'd had blood flow , i thought . 
 she might have blushed . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 've had a rough couple of days . 
 i do n't mean to - i 'm just trying to tell you how things are . '' 
 a rough couple of days . 
 i 'd died , found out i was a ghost , seen lucas get cut down and turned into a vampire , and fought off a black cross attack . 
 yeah , that counted as a rough couple of days . 
 `` you used to play with vic in this room , when he was a little kid . '' 
 i glanced at the place he 'd shown me , where he used to sit and read his storybooks to her . 
 `` you did n't separate yourself from the world after you died . '' 
 `` but i did . 
 for the better part of a century , i just ... i was stuck between here and there , and i did n't quite know what was going on . 
 sometimes i 'd stab into people 's dreams and turn them to nightmares , just to do it . 
 just to prove that i could affect the world around me . '' 
 i 'd heard of wraiths doing worse things , maybe for similar reasons . 
 maxie sat on the windowsill , her long white nightgown seeming to glow as the moonlight filtered through the billowing sleeves . 
 `` as you can probably imagine , people usually did n't stay in this house long . 
 it was like a game for me , seeing how fast i could scare them out . 
 but then the woodsons took the place , and vic was so tiny , just a couple of years old . 
 when i showed myself to him , he was n't scared . 
 that was the first time in so long that i remembered what it was like to - to be accepted . 
 to care about someone . '' 
 `` so you understand , '' i said . 
 `` you see why i ca n't give up on the world . '' 
 `` vic 's human . 
 he 's alive . 
 he anchors me to life and lets me experience it through him , just a bit . 
 lucas ca n't do that for you , not anymore . '' 
 `` he does . 
 he can . 
 i know it . '' 
 but i did n't know any such thing . 
 there was so much about being a wraith that i did n't understand yet . 
 `` you need to talk to christopher , '' she said encouragingly . 
 `` he 'll make you understand . '' 
 i remembered christopher . 
 he had appeared to me , a mysterious and foreboding figure , at evernight ; he had attacked me there with intent to kill , so that my transformation into a wraith would be guaranteed . 
 yet when he had appeared to me and lucas this summer , he had rescued us from charity . 
 was he benevolent or evil ? 
 did the actions of wraiths even fit into any kind of morality i understood ? 
 the only thing i knew for sure was that christopher had power and influence among the wraiths . 
 now that i had become one , our paths were certain to cross again . 
 thinking about this made me nervous . 
 i managed to ask , `` he 's sort of the ... wraith in charge , right ? '' 
 `` nobody 's ` in charge . ' 
 but plenty of us listen to christopher . 
 he has a lot of power , a lot of wisdom . '' 
 maxie cocked an eyebrow , her saucy sense of humor already returning . 
 `` i already told you . 
 vampires and wraiths ? 
 not a good mix . 
 a really , really bad mix . 
 we 're poison to them , and they 're no friends to us . '' 
 `` i love lucas . 
 our deaths do n't change that . '' 
 `` death changes everything . 
 have n't you learned that much by now ? '' 
 `` it did n't change you haranguing me nonstop , '' i snapped . 
 maxie ducked her head , her dark blond hair tumbling around her face . 
 if she 'd had blood flow , i thought , she might have blushed . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 've had a rough couple of days . 
 i do n't mean to - i 'm just trying to tell you how things are . '' 
 a rough couple of days . 
 i 'd died , found out i was a ghost , seen lucas get cut down and turned into a vampire , and fought off a black cross attack . 
 yeah , that counted as a rough couple of days . 
 `` you used to play with vic in this room , when he was a little kid . '' 
 i glanced at the place he 'd shown me , where he used to sit and read his storybooks to her . 
 `` you did n't separate yourself from the world after you died . '' 
 `` but i did . 
 for the better part of a century , i just . . . 
 i was stuck between here and there , and i did n't quite know what was going on . 
 sometimes i 'd stab into people 's dreams and turn them to nightmares , just to do it . 
 just to prove that i could affect the world around me . '' 
 i 'd heard of wraiths doing worse things , maybe for similar reasons . 
 maxie sat on the windowsill , her long white nightgown seeming to glow as the moonlight filtered through the billowing sleeves . 
 `` as you can probably imagine , people usually did n't stay in this house long . 
 it was like a game for me , seeing how fast i could scare them out . 
 but then the woodsons took the place . 
 and vic was so tiny , just a couple of years old . 
 when i showed myself to him , he was n't scared . 
 that was the first time in so long that i remembered what it was like to - to be accepted . 
 to care about someone . '' 
 `` so you understand , '' i said . 
 `` you see why i ca n't give up on the world . '' 
 `` vic 's human . 
 he 's alive . 
 he anchors me to life and lets me experience it through him , just a bit . 
 lucas ca n't do that for you , not anymore . '' 
 `` he does . 
 he can . 
 i know it . '' 
 but i did n't know any such thing . 
 there was so much about being a wraith that i did n't understand yet . 
 `` you need to talk to christopher , '' she said encouragingly . 
 `` he 'll make you understand . '' 
 i remembered christopher . 
 he had appeared to me , a mysterious and foreboding figure , at evernight ; he had attacked me there with intent to kill , so that my transformation into a wraith would be guaranteed . 
 yet when he had appeared to me and lucas this summer , he had rescued us from charity . 
 was he benevolent or evil ? 
 did the actions of wraiths even fit into any kind of morality i understood ? 
 the only thing i knew for sure was that christopher had power and influence among the wraiths . 
 now that i had become one , our paths were certain to cross again . 
 thinking about this made me nervous . 
 i managed to ask , `` he 's sort of the ... wraith in charge , right ? '' 
 `` nobody 's ` in charge . ' 
 but plenty of us listen to christopher . 
 he has a lot of power , a lot of wisdom . '' 
 `` how did he get so powerful ? 
 is it because he 's especially old ? '' 
 that was how it worked for vampires . 
 `` or is he , well , like me ? '' 
 i 'd already figured out that my status - as a child born of two vampires , and therefore able to die a natural death and yet become a ghost - gave me abilities most ghosts could never claim . 
 `` neither , '' maxie said . 
 `` he was n't born to be a wraith , like you were . 
 christopher learned everything on his own . 
 he has this amazing inner strength . 
 you 're going to like him , bianca . 
 why do n't you come with me now ? '' 
 i could n't do it . 
 christopher might have amazing strength he 'd used to save me - but he had also attacked me . 
 the world of the wraiths remained foreign and frightening ; i had no idea how my powers related to the cold , revenge - driven creatures i 'd encountered at evernight academy . 
 maybe it was crazy to still be frightened of ghosts after i 'd become one myself , but the thought of joining them forever scared me deeply . 
 more than that : going into that world felt like giving up on life . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whispered . 
 maxie 's face fell , but she did n't argue . 
 i pulled away from the room , away from her , and vanished again into the bluish fog that was my mind 's way of making sense of pure nothingness . 
 lucas filled my thoughts , and i willed myself back to his side . 
 when i reappeared in the wine cellar , i immediately got the sense that more time had passed for balthazar than it had for me ; he 'd finished his glass of wine and was across the room , lying on our bed . 
 lucas lay exactly as he had fallen . 
 the sight of him as a corpse hit me anew , and it took my whole strength not to fade out again so i would n't have to bear the loss for a while . 
 he deserved better than that . 
 no matter how difficult it was to endure , i would remain by his side . 
 balthazar realized i was there with a start , but he said nothing . 
 i did n't want to argue with him anymore ; i was too sad for that , too tired . 
 instead i asked , `` isn ' t there anything we can do for him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 balthazar sat up . 
 his curly hair was mussed , and i realized he 'd been asleep . 
 no doubt he was exhausted ; it had n't exactly been an awesome couple of days for him , either . 
 `` the urge to kill - it 's powerful , bianca . 
 it can be overwhelming . 
 the vampires you 've known have nearly all been the ones who mastered that urge , but they 're a minority . '' 
 `` you mean , most of them end up like - like charity . '' 
 he closed his eyes briefly at the mention of his younger sister 's name . 
 `` no . 
 charity and her kind are special cases . 
 individuals with the strength to keep going , but who have lost touch with what it meant to be human . 
 they 're the most dangerous . 
 and , fortunately , the most rare . '' 
 `` then what happens to the others ? '' 
 balthazar rubbed his temple . 
 if vampires could get headaches , i 'd think he had one . 
 `` they self - destruct , '' he said quietly . 
 `` they get taken out by black cross , or by humans who 've seen just enough horror movies to get the idea . 
 or they end themselves . 
 set a fire and walk into it . 
 they 'd rather burn than endure the killing rage any longer . '' 
 i wanted to say that there was no way lucas would ever do that , but i couldn ` t. no , black cross wouldn ' t be able to take him down easily . 
 but hating his vampire nature as he did , already burdened with the fact that he 'd tried to kill both his mother and one of his best friends - it was entirely possible that lucas could end his existence . 
 he 'd see it as the right thing to do , the only way to keep people safe . 
 `` the hunger is stronger for some of us than it is for others , '' balthazar continued . 
 `` as badly as i crave blood sometimes . . . 
 it 's nothing compared to what some other vampires endure . 
 the ones who self - destruct are always the ones with the greatest hunger . 
 it makes them crazy , turns their minds inside out . '' 
 our eyes met , as if he was asking me whether he had to go on . 
 but i knew i needed him to say what came next . 
 balthazar , understanding , said , `` it looks like lucas is one of the hungry ones . '' 
 `` is n't there anything we can do for him ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` any way to make this easier ? '' 
 slowly balthazar rose from the bed and walked toward me , his expression uncertain . 
 `` i do n't think we can make it easier , exactly , but there 's a place where we can keep him away from most humans , and from black cross , too . 
 where lucas might be able to learn how to handle what he 's become . '' 
 i brightened until i realized what balthazar meant . 
 or did i ? 
 surely he could n't be thinking about that . 
 `` where ? '' 
 balthazar confirmed my worst suspicions by saying , `` we have to take lucas back to evernight . '' 
 chapter four `` take lucas to evernight academy ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` have you gone insane ? 
 balthazar , think about it ! 
 lucas was black cross . 
 he spied on evernight for them . 
 mrs. bethany hates him - everybody there hates him . 
 they 'll kill him on sight . '' 
 `` they wo n't . 
 they ca n't , '' balthazar insisted . 
 `` any vampire can come to evernight at any time and ask for sanctuary . 
 no matter who it is or what they 've done , mrs. bethany has to take them in . '' 
 `` but that 's mrs. bethany 's rule , is n't it ? 
 she can break it any time she wants . '' 
 balthazar 's mouth twisted , the closest he could come to a smile on a day as dark as this one . 
 `` mrs. bethany does n't break rules . 
 you should know that . 
 remember , she let charity in . '' 
 true , and mrs. bethany and charity hated each other fervently . 
 i was n't convinced , though . 
 lucas had been a vampire hunter ; surely that was worse than being any kind of vampire , no matter how dangerous . 
 some of my reluctance was more selfish . 
 going back to evernight academy would mean returning to my parents . 
 on one hand , i wanted to see them again so badly it hurt ; on the other , i knew that they 'd always feared and rejected wraiths . 
 if they rejected me - as kate had lucas - i did n't think i could bear it . 
 i heard footsteps on the concrete steps outside and went to the door to let in vic and ranulf , who had a large sack full of what i suspected were pints of cow 's blood . 
 vic did come in this time , but he did n't move more than a couple steps past the door . 
 when he caught me looking , vic handed over the bag , then fished out a single bottle of mountain dew . 
 `` i figure i should probably hang in the backyard for a while , '' he said , his eyes focused nervously on the floor where lucas lay . 
 `` until you guys chill lucas out . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 i took the shopping bag to the folding table . 
 `` thanks again , vic . '' 
 `` just give me another day or so before we get attacked again . 
 that 's thanks enough . '' 
 balthazar and ranulf each took a pint from the sack , each one in a little plastic container , like the kind they use to serve soup to go at a deli . 
 they both opened them up and started drinking , while lucas still lay on the floor . 
 at first i thought they were being selfish , but i soon realized what they were doing : regaining their strength . 
 if lucas awoke as savage as he 'd been when balthazar staked him , they 'd need it . 
 i took a couple of pints and put them in the microwave . 
 blood always tasted better at human body temperature . 
 when they were ready , i glanced over at my friends . 
 ranulf was finishing , tipping up his cup to get the last drops ; balthazar 's lips were tinted dark red . 
 drinking blood had been so delicious . 
 i realized that i missed it , maybe more than anything else about being alive . 
 the guys were prepared . 
 i knelt at lucas 's side , putting the pints within reach . 
 slowly i wrapped my hand around the protruding handle of the stake . 
 splinters jabbed into my palm , and i imagined the pain lucas must have felt in the seconds before he passed out . 
 `` on the count of three , '' i said . 
 `` one . . . 
 two - '' i tugged the stake out . 
 it made a wet , disgusting sound . 
 lucas writhed on the floor , and his eyes opened wide . 
 he inhaled , deliberately sniffing the air . 
 i knew he 'd caught the scent of blood . 
 `` drink , '' i whispered . 
 `` drink . '' 
 lucas 's hand shot out to clutch one of the containers . 
 in an instant he was gulping down the blood , thick swallows that made his adam 's apple bob in his extended throat . 
 within seconds , he emptied the first container , dropped it on the floor , and lunged for the second one . 
 that one he drained even faster . 
 i watched him , fascinated . 
 when that one was done , lucas looked around wildly , and ranulf threw him another container from the bag . 
 though i had n't warmed that one , he drank it just as quickly . 
 as it fell to clatter on the floor , he did n't go after one more - but he ran his tongue around his mouth , catching stray drops , then lifted his bloodstained fmgers to his mouth to suck every last bit of it . 
 `` is that better ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` bianca . '' 
 lucas turned to me , body remaining tense , but his expression no longer looked like that of an animal - it was his own . 
 `` that was n't some hallucination . 
 you 're really here . '' 
 `` really here . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 instead of answering . 
 lucas pulled me roughly into his arms . 
 the embrace was too hard , but it was human emotion , and for that i was grateful . 
 his hands combed through my hair , which must have felt more or less real to him . 
 l was very present in that moment . 
 i repeated , `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` better . '' 
 his words came haltingly . 
 `` before , all i could think about was - no , i could n't think . 
 i was just this hungry ... thing . '' 
 `` you 're okay now . '' 
 `` as long as you 're with me . '' 
 his voice was tight , and i realized that he remained troubled . 
 the blood hunger was n't his only problem . 
 he shifted away from me , hanging on tightly to my hand , to look up at balthazar and ranulf . 
 `` i did n't dream you two either . '' 
 `` welcome to death , '' ranulf said cheerily . 
 `` it is not so bad once you get what is called the ` hang of it . ' '' 
 `` thanks , buddy . '' 
 lucas simply nodded at balthazar ; apparently he remembered the conversation they 'd had . 
 but then he froze , and his face twisted like he was about to be sick . 
 i wondered if he 'd drunk the blood too fast until he whispered , `` mom . 
 vic . 
 i went after - i wanted - '' `` everybody 's fine . 
 you did n't hurt anyone . '' 
 i closed my fingers around his . 
 `` i could have . 
 i wanted to . '' 
 there was something in lucas 's eyes that made me wonder if , instead of saying wanted , he 'd nearly said want . 
 `` mom 's never going to speak to me again . '' 
 balthazar folded his arms . 
 `` do you really want to talk to her again , after the way she turned on you ? '' 
 `` it does n't work like that , '' i said . 
 as bitterly as my parents and i had parted , i wanted to see them again every single day . 
 when my eyes met lucas 's , i could see he felt the same way . 
 he understood kate 's revulsion and distrust of his new nature ; he shared them . 
 ranulf stepped forward , helpful as ever . 
 `` vic bears you no ill will . 
 he is outside drinking the dew of the mountain and will be glad to see you yourself again . '' 
 lucas shook his head . 
 `` he ca n't want to hang out with me after i went for his throat . '' 
 `` i believe that he is somewhat ... overwhelmed by the day 's events , but he will not abandon you , '' ranulf said . 
 `` none of us will . '' 
 i wanted to embrace him again , but lucas remained distant , focused inward . 
 when i glanced at balthazar , he shook his head slightly , a warning for me not to push . 
 the control lucas had gained was temporary , and we all knew it . 
 `` can you guys give us a few minutes ? '' 
 lucas said , running one hand through his dark gold hair , which was even more mussed than balthazar 's . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you and everything , but bianca and i have to talk . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 balthazar nudged ranulf . 
 `` come on , we 'll help vic with the home repair . '' 
 after the door closed behind them , lucas and i looked at each other , and the sadness of it struck me so hard it almost hurt . 
 i found myself remembering a time a few years ago , when i 'd first learned he was black cross . 
 once he 'd escaped from evernight , we had faced one another through a pane of stained glass , unable to believe there was any way we could ever be together again . 
 i could picture it so perfectly , each shade of the glass , as though it still hung between us . 
 `` what was it like for you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` being dead ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember anything about it . '' 
 lucas leaned his head back against the leg of our folding table , giving in to the exhaustion that followed rising from the grave . 
 we remained on the floor , unable to summon the will to move . 
 `` just now , when balthazar staked me - that sounds so weird to say - whatever . 
 well . 
 after that , i dreamed . 
 thought i saw charity chasing after us . '' 
 he half laughed , a bitter sound , and looked up at the ceiling . 
 `` the last thing i needed was her in my nightmares . '' 
 i shivered . 
 charity looked innocent , with her youthful face and bedraggled , waiflike appearance ; she was anything but . 
 i figured i would have nightmares about her forever , too , if i could still dream . 
 i was n't sure about that yet . 
 `` what was it like for you ? '' 
 he asked , focusing on me again . 
 `` did you become a ghost right away , or was there some time between ? 
 it 'd be nice to think you got a sneak preview of heaven . '' 
 `` no sneak previews . '' 
 i folded my arms atop my knees and rested my chin there . 
 `` i think i turned into a ghost pretty much instantly , but it took me awhile to realize what had happened . 
 at first i just drifted in and out . '' 
 `` do you think there 's an afterlife for vampires ? 
 do they - do we all go hell , if there 's a hell ? '' 
 `` do n't say that ! '' 
 `` holy water burns me . 
 i 'll never be able to set foot on consecrated ground again , `` lucas said . 
 `` god 's made it pretty clear where he stands , do n't you think ? '' 
 i cupped his face with my hands . 
 `` i know you hate this , but there are ways to go on , to enjoy the years to come . 
 think about it : we 're immortal now . 
 we lost each other once , but at least we never have to again . '' 
 lucas pulled away , breaking contact between us . 
 slowly he pushed himself to his feet . 
 he walked a few steps farther into our makeshift apartment in the wine cellar , studying it as though he were seeing it for the first time : the hot plate , the air mattress on a bed frame , the cardboard drawers that held our things . 
 there were times in the past few weeks when i 'd thought this was the most perfect , romantic place on eartth . 
 now it seemed shabby and small , its beauty just our last shared illusion . 
 he said , `` bianca , i do n't know ifl can do this . '' 
 `` you can . '' 
 `` you 're saying that because you want to believe it . 
 not because you do . '' 
 `` you 're giving up without even trying . '' 
 lucas turned to me , his eyes anguished . 
 `` i 'm going to try . 
 jesus , bianca , do you think i would n't try for you ? 
 as much as i hate this - this hunger inside me , this cold , disgusting , dead feeling - if it means being with you , i 'll try . '' 
 `` you 'll make it . 
 you 'll learn how to handle the hunger . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` how is that supposed to happen ? '' 
 he gestured at the empty blood containers on the floor . 
 `` that 's , what , three pints of blood ? 
 it 's as much as i can do right this second not to tackle that bag and drink the rest immediately . 
 already when i think about vic outside - it 's not about vic anymore , it 's about the fact that he 's alive and he 's got blood i could drink . 
 in another few minutes - '' `` we have more blood . 
 drink as much as you need . 
 we can get more . '' 
 but that was a purely temporary solution , and we both knew it . 
 he needed hope , and only one suggestion gave us any hope . 
 i laid aside my own objections and fears about my parents ; balthazar 's plan was the best we had . 
 `` classes start in two weeks , `` i said . 
 `` at evernight . 
 you 're going to go back there . '' 
 lucas stared at me for a second , then thumped his head against one of the wine racks so that the bottles rattled . 
 `` great . 
 i 'm already hearing things . 
 halfway to crazy . '' 
 `` you 're not hearing things . 
 you 're enrolling in evernight academy again as a student , a vampire student this time , and they 'll take care of you . '' 
 `` take care of me ? 
 bianca , the last time i was there , i rode with the guys who burned the place down . '' 
 i remembered what balthazar had said and clung to it . 
 `` you 're a vampire now . 
 if you ask for sanctuary , mrs. bethany has to give it to you . 
 they might not be friendly , exactly , but they 'll give you a place to stay , and plenty of blood to drink , and advice about how to deal with the hunger . 
 for weeks or months , however long you need . '' 
 `` or years , '' lucas said . 
 `` balthazar 's kept coming back for years . '' 
 balthazar had attended evernight academy for different reasons , ones more focused on the school 's true mission : helping young - looking vampires pass for human by keeping them up - to - date with the modern world . 
 i was n't about to point that out to lucas , though . 
 the last thing he needed to hear was how well all the other vampires could manage . 
 lucas added , `` besides , it does n't matter how much they hate me . 
 we 're not going to evernight academy because it 's dangerous for you . '' 
 `` for me ? '' 
 i had hardly had a moment to consider this , but lucas was right . 
 we knew from the events at school last year that mrs. bethany was no longer merely the headmistress at evernight ; she was also using the school as a means of finding - and perhaps capturing - ghosts like me . 
 why she was doing this remained a mystery , but there was no doubt that she loathed the wraiths . 
 whatever she was up to could n't be good for us . 
 seeing realization dawn on my face , lucas nodded . 
 his expression had become truly grim . 
 `` i ` vealready screwed things up so badly that you died , '' he said . 
 `` no way am i ever going back to the one place where that situation could get even worse . '' 
 what else could we do , though ? 
 i forced myself to be brave . 
 `` we ' ll figure it out . '' 
 `` do n't ask me to go there without you . 
 i could n't take it . '' 
 lucas said it simply , like it was obvious ; if he was parted from me , the thin tether of will that kept him going would snap . 
 `` you 're going to evernight academy , and i 'm going with you . '' 
 `` bianca , no . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` lucas , yes . '' 
 he always wanted to protect me against every risk , but it was time for a reality check . 
 `` is it more dangerous than my being a vampire in a black cross cell ? 
 i made it through that , and i 'll make it through this . 
 besides , there are wraiths who managed to be at evernight without being destroyed by mrs. bethany . 
 maxie 's one of them . 
 it can be done . 
 at least i know to be careful . '' 
 lucas did n't look convinced . 
 `` we could do something else . 
 lock me up someplace until i - '' `` until you stop wanting blood ? '' 
 i kept my voice low , to soften the impact of my next words . 
 `` that 's not going to happen . 
 and i 'm not turning you into a prisoner in some basement somewhere . 
 i 'm telling you , we can do this . 
 we can because we have to . '' 
 `` i do n't like it . '' 
 `` i do n't either , but i 'll be all right . 
 you 'll have a structure there , a blood supply , other vampires who can help teach you how to handle this . 
 ranulf and balthazar will go with you , '' i promised . 
 `` and vic 's going back , too , remember ? '' 
 his dark green eyes widened , and i knew that vic was n't a source of comfort for him ; he was n't a friend . 
 he was prey . 
 hurriedly , i added , `` you 'll be able to be around vic while others are there to help you . 
 eventually it 's going to seem easy . '' 
 lucas stared down at the floor , and i hated myself for being so glib , so casual . 
 maybe he would learn to bear it , but it would never be easy . 
 it did n't help either of us for me to pretend that it could . 
 i remembered what balthazar had said , about vampires walking into a fire rather than going on . 
 lucas knew better than most how to destroy a vampire 's body . 
 `` okay . 
 it wo n't be easy , '' i said . 
 `` it never has been . 
 and that 's never kept us apart . '' 
 he held out his arms , and i ran into them . 
 already his embrace had cooled , but it was still lucas , still us . 
 into my hair , lucas whispered , `` will i only see you in my dreams ? '' 
 `` as long as you have my brooch , i can get to you . '' 
 he frowned , then pulled the brooch from his back pocket . 
 the whitby jet flower , ornately carved , had been a gift from him to me when we were first dating . 
 he 'd taken it with him when he went into the fight , to die ; that was the only thing that had allowed me to reach him . 
 `` why the brooch ? '' 
 `` things that wraiths bonded to strongly in life , meaningful things - like this brooch , or my bracelet , or the gargoyle outside the window of my old room - well , we can use them to travel . 
 they 're like stops on a subway line ; i can travel to them , just sort of appear wherever they are . 
 the coral bracelet and the jet brooch are especially powerful , because they 're made out of materials that were once living creatures . '' 
 i closed his hand around the brooch . 
 `` so as long as you keep this with you , i 'll always be able to find you . 
 see , you 'll still have a way to make sure i 'm safe . '' 
 `` evernight , '' he said . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i could tell i had n't convinced him as much as worn him down . 
 he remained more frightened for me than for himself . 
 but we truly had no other place to turn . 
 we hugged again , more tightly this time . 
 how badly i wanted to believe that lucas had found a reason to hope . 
 even as we embraced , though , i could tell he was looking over my shoulder , staring at the blood . 
 chapter five `` rest , '' i said as we stepped into one of the hotel rooms in downtown philadelphia that balthazar had paid for . 
 it was ridiculously luxurious , with white cotton quilts on high platform beds - too clean for undead creatures smeared with dried blood . 
 `` we both need to rest . '' 
 `` can you sleep ? '' 
 lucas asked . 
 he 'd eaten again on the way over , several pints , and now had the half - dazed look that i recognized as a result of overfeeding - like mom and dad on thanksgiving . 
 we 'd had to give him as much as he could take ; it was the only way to ensure he could get through the hotel lobby without snapping . 
 soon he 'd crash . 
 tm not sure ghosts need to sleep . 
 sometimes i need to sort of ... fade out , i guess . 
 but it 's not quite the same thing . '' 
 `` where do you go ? 
 when you fade out . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 there was so much i still did n't know about my new wraith nature . 
 `` someplace i can get back from . 
 that 's the only thing that matters . '' 
 he nodded wearily . 
 through the thin hotel walls , i could hear balthazar roughly throwing down his gear in the next room . 
 we 'd decided to spend the last days before the new semester in the hotel because vic 's parents were due to return from italy . 
 he was going to be in enough trouble about the torn - up front lawn without his mom and dad discovering an infestation of vampires in the basement . 
 besides , we needed to give vic some more space . 
 he and lucas had n't come face - to - face since the attack , by their mutual agreement . 
 it was obvious that vic was trying hard to come to terms , but it was just as obviously going to take a while . 
 `` why do vampires need sleep ? 
 does n't make much sense . '' 
 lucas kicked off his boots and slid out of his jeans . 
 now that he wore only his boxers and a t - shirt , i could see that his whole body had taken on the sculpted beauty of the vampire . 
 the t outlined every broad muscle of his chest . 
 although i had lost my mortal body , i could still feel desire . 
 i turned off one of the side lamps nearer the window and pulled shut the heavy drapes that would keep out the morning sun . 
 lucas had fed recently enough that sunlight would n't hurt him , but he 'd probably hate the glare . 
 `` my mom used to say that she thought it was more of a habit than anything else , like the body keeps on doing what it knows it should do . 
 see how you 've started breathing again ? 
 you wo n't stop , even when you 're sound asleep . '' 
 `` though i 'll never need air again . '' 
 lucas said it as a joke , but it fell flat . 
 i could tell he 'd just realized that he 'd never feel the relief of a good , deep breath , or a heartfelt sigh . 
 he collapsed into bed , sinking back gratefully into the feather - plump pillows . 
 probably he could have fallen asleep within seconds , but i had different ideas . 
 maybe lucas 's ravenous blood hunger could be channeled into other things . 
 other needs . 
 where being ravenous would n't be a problem - quite the opposite , actually . 
 carefully , i tried shimmying out of the cloud - patterned pajama bottoms . 
 they were n't so much actual clothes as they were the memory of clothes , so i was n't sure whether or not they 'd come off . 
 they would . 
 the pajamas crumpled to the floor and just sort of vanished . 
 i hoped they 'd come back - but later . 
 ideally , i would n't want them for a while . 
 lucas raised an eyebrow . 
 as i slipped into the bed beside him , he smiled a little - the first sign of real pleasure i 'd seen from him since his resurrection . 
 `` does this still work ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` you and me ? '' 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 he pulled me down into his arms ; we were cold against each other now , but it was natural to him and to me , to what we had become . 
 delicate lines of frost laced the sheets around us as our lips met gently . 
 for the first moment , lucas was so unsure - of his reactions , of mine - that i felt unbearably tender toward him . 
 like all i wanted to do was wrap myself around him like a blanket and shelter him from everything we 'd been through . 
 his mouth opened beneath mine as he tangled his fingers in my hair . 
 the only thing i wore now was the coral bracelet that would keep me solid , make this possible . 
 we made it , i thought . 
 every complication we faced seemed to have faded away . 
 we 're back where we began death could n't take this away from us . 
 our kisses intensified and deepened . 
 lucas 's hands were still his hands , strong and familiar . 
 he touched me the same way . 
 i felt pleasure differently now - softer , more diffuse and yet all - encompassing - but it was no less for having changed . 
 and as igrew surer , passion building between us , it seemed as though my joy in him flowed through us both . 
 he rolled me onto my back , but then his expression changed . 
 isaw his fangs , understood , and smiled . 
 ifelt the urge to bite , too - not as strongly , now that i no longer needed blood , but sex and fangs would always go together for me . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i whispered against his throat , between kisses . 
 `` you can be hungry for this . 
 you can have this . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said roughly . 
 his green eyes bored into me , a desperate plea . 
 `` do you need to drink ? '' 
 i arched against him and let my head fall back , exposing my throat . 
 lucas breathed in , a hard gasp . 
 `` drink from me . '' 
 with a growl , he sank his teeth into my flesh . 
 i felt again the real pain of having a body , and that alone was its own kind of pleasure . 
 my hands gripped him tightly around the back , surrendering to his hunger - - until he shoved himself away from me , shouting out in pain . 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 i sat upright , clutching the sheet to me . 
 `` lucas , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` it burns ! '' 
 as he stumbled from the bed , clutching at his throat , he choked and then spat . 
 silver wraith blood shimmered on the floor briefly before it faded . 
 i smelled smoke and snapped on the bedside light ; on the carpet icould see a couple of faint singe marks . 
 then i realized the sheets were scorched too - coffee - colored drops from where my blood had fallen . 
 i put my hand to the wound at my throat , but it was already closing . 
 the skin knitted beneath my fingertips . 
 a ticklish sensation . 
 for a few seconds , we just stared at each other . 
 the only thing i could think of to say was , `` now we know why vampires do n't drink wraiths ' blood . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lucas winced wlhen he spoke , and his voice was hoarse . 
 i realized that his lips , tongue , and throat remained scorched . 
 as a vampire , he 'd heal quickly , but not instantly . 
 every place we touched was just a source of pain for him now . 
 maybe he saw the pity in my eyes , because he turned his head . 
 `` we should sleep . '' 
 he yanked back the covers on the other hotel bed . 
 `` lucas - it doesn ' t always have to involve blood drinking . 
 you remember that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he lay down in the other bed , heavily , as though he could no longer support his body . 
 `` we 'll - we 'll figure it out . '' 
 though i wanted to argue , i knew this was n't the time.i simply shut off the light again and slid back beneath the covers , cold and lonely in the big bed . 
 after a couple of seconds , it felt pointless to remain solid , so i took off my bracelet and dissolved into the blue , misty void by myself . 
 so much for thinking death could n't take anything from us . 
 `` last chance to change your mind , '' i said a few days later , as lucas bundled up his few possessions early on the morning of the first day of school . 
 for a moment i regretted the joke ; it would be disastrous if lucas did change his mind , because we did n't have a plan b . 
 but lucas attempted to roll with it . 
 `` always meant to get a diploma someday . 
 i guess after death counts as someday , huh ? '' 
 he tried to smile for me , but it did n't go far . 
 `` does it feel weird ? 
 not going ? '' 
 that was the first time i realized i 'd died as an eleventh - grade dropout . 
 `` yeah , kinda . '' 
 these days had n't been easy for us . 
 we had to keep overfeeding lucas blood , and he mostly refused to leave the room . 
 i 'd memorized the hotel maids ' schedule , so we could make sure lucas avoided them . 
 lucas still thought evernight was too much of a risk for me , and i was n't sure i disagreed . 
 but what other options did we have ? 
 the dawn light brightened the edges of the hotel window shade as lucas shrugged on the uniform sweater - balthazar had ordered supplies for them both online . 
 he 'd gotten a little taller and a lot more muscular since he 'd been an evernight student , so the sweater was a bit tight , but in a good way . 
 `` you look great , `` i said . 
 `` reminds me of when we met . '' 
 `` when i tried to save you from the vampires . '' 
 lucas paused , then stepped closer to me and put his hand on my cheek . 
 `` you know the only reason i 'm doing this is so i can come back to you . 
 be decent enough for you , know how to act . 
 you get that , right ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` and you 're going to be careful . 
 right ? 
 you wo n't take any chances at evernight ? '' 
 til be very careful . '' 
 i took his hand in mine and kissed his palm . 
 then i removed my coral and silver bracelet , going half - transparent as it dropped into lucas 's fingers . 
 `` take this with you . 
 i 'll get it there . '' 
 `` you do n't want it with you ? 
 just in case ? 
 you ca n't afford to lose this thing , and your brooch is already in my bag . '' 
 `` it 's not like i can take it myself , `` i pointed out . 
 `` when i go incorporeal to travel , nothing physical can travel with me . 
 besides , it could n't be anywhere safer than with you . '' 
 i folded his hand around the bracelet . 
 he leaned forward , as though to kiss me . 
 now that i was incorporeal - a soft shadow of blue mist in the vague shape of my body - our lips could n't touch . 
 but a little of lucas passed through me , a faint cool tickle that made me shiver , just where our kiss would have been . 
 just as i began to smile , though , there was a rap on the door : balthazar . 
 time to go . 
 * * * after they ' d begun the long drive from philadelphia , i prepared for my own journey . 
 maxie had told me that wraiths remained bonded to certain places and things that had been meaningful to us during our lifetimes . 
 we could always travel to them , no matter how far away we might be . 
 i was n't sure what every single one of those places was yet , though i had ideas : the old maple tree in arrowwood where i 'd liked to play as a child , the theater where lucas and i had gone on our first date , and perhaps the wine cellar where we 'd lived our final weeks . 
 those were just theories , though . 
 the only place i knew i could travel was the first place i 'd gone , by accident : evernight academy , specifically the gargoyle that had perched outside my bedroom . 
 i drifted into foggy darkness , and at frrst the sensation was deliciously like sleep , so tempting . 
 but my mind remained focused on the gargoyle . 
 i 'd spent so much time looking at his gap - fanged grin that i could picture him perfectly : stony claws , hunched back , pointy wings . 
 briefly i imagined the way the stone had felt beneath my hands , cold and hard - then i could feel it . 
 the world clarified around me . 
 i perched atop the gargoyle , which would 've been massively uncomfortable if i 'd been alive but was fine now that i could float when i wanted . 
 curlicues of frost streaked across the windows , heralding the presence of a wraith . 
 would my parents see it ? 
 they had the first time i 'd accidentally come here . 
 instead of realizing it was me , though , they 'd freaked out , believing the frost came from yet another of the ghosts that had invaded evernight . 
 not invaded , i reminded myself . 
 drawn here , because of the students . 
 brought here specifically by mrs. bethany . 
 i had to remain on my guard . 
 i heard nothing from the apartment . 
 probably my parents were downstairs , helping mrs. bethany welcome the students . 
 looking downward , i could see that the first few people had already begun to arrive . 
 mostly humans at this point , too noisy and too happy - but every once in a while silent , dark - clad figures would sweep thro111gh the crowd as though they belonged here more than anyone else . 
 they did belong here more ; they were the vampires . 
 quickly i shimmered along the side of the building , invisible except for the trails of frost i left behind . 
 at first i just wanted to get a better view , but then i realized : something felt odd about the school . 
 well , big surprise . 
 evernight academy was pretty much made of odd . 
 this was different , though , something i had never sensed before - as if , in places , the school was pushing back at me , trying to keep me out . 
 probably it was something only the wraiths could feel . 
 in those places , i felt as though i was being watched right through the walls . 
 curious , i whisked along the side of the building , leaving trails of frost on the windows in my wake . 
 although there were places i could get into the school , there were places that i couldn ` t. and one place - the area at the very top of the south tower , right above my parents ' apartment - felt shut off to me completely , in a way that gave me cold shivers . 
 so do n't go there , i told myself . 
 it 's not like you 've ever had a single reason to go up there before . 
 as long as you can get in anywhere in the building , you can get to lucas . 
 nothing else matters . 
 however , the knowledge of that strange forbidding energy made me uneasy . 
 i darted downward again , the better to get away from it , and to watch the arrivals , which was what i needed to be paying attention to anyway . 
 as i focused again on the group , i saw my first familiar face and felt a warm glow of happiness that could 've been a smile . 
 patrice ! 
 patrice deveraux , my roommate during my first year at evernight , stepped out of a lean gray lexus . 
 her tailored version of the school uniform made her look sophisticated and trim , even in a kilt and sweater , and her hair now bounced with its natural curl , a thick dark halo that suited her . 
 she 'd skipped last year to have fun in scandinavia with her new guy , but one or the other of them must have broken it off - probably patrice , who seemed to think of men primarily as fashion accessories . 
 despite her obsessions with appearances and luxury , patrice had a fundamental grit that made me like her . 
 sort of to my surprise , she 'd tried to reach out to me during the summer after i 'd run away , proving that she was n't as thoughtless as she could sometimes seem . 
 it made me happy to remember that not every vampire at evernight academy was sinister and forbidding . 
 besides , this was the first time i 'd seen her since i 'd died . 
 i wished i could have said hello , but of course that was impossible . 
 just before patrice stepped inside , she paused at the door and looked ! 
 upward , directly at where i was hovering . 
 could she see me ? 
 i realized quickly that she could n't , but the coincidence was striking . 
 patrice hesitated a second longer before readjusting her sunglasses and going inside . 
 a few more familiar faces began to appear , both vampire and human , mostly people i had n't known too well but had shared classes with and spoken to from time to time . 
 a couple of teachers , too - both mr. yee and professor iwerebon mingled among the newcomers , saying hello to 52 parents . 
 i looked for my mother and father , half in dread , half in hope , but they did n't make an appearance . 
 among the human students , i did n't see any old friends but recognized a few faces - like clementine nichols , whose ticket to evernight had been her family 's haunted car , and skye tierney , raquel 's sophomore - year lab partner . 
 raquel had said skye was `` good people , basically . '' 
 coming from raquel , who hated most people on principle until they gave her a reason to feel otherwise , that was high praise . 
 and yet i never tried to have a real conversation with her , or with a lot of these people . 
 how could i never ask clementine what it was like to have a haunted car?i should 've reached out to people more often . 
 i 'd never been incredibly outgoing , but death made me feel lonelier , somehow . 
 the woodsons ' car finally showed up , and vic and ranulf both emerged . 
 each of them wore the regulation uniform , but vic had on a phillies cap , as usual - and to my delight , ranulf wore one as well . 
 `` how very striking . '' 
 mrs. bethany swept out of the school , as if she could sense deviations from protocol at a distance . 
 `` mr. woodson , your sartorial influence on mr. white is both profound and unfortunate . '' 
 `` we 'll take them off before class , '' vic promised , edging around her . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` see that you do . '' 
 mrs. bethany watched them go , her sharp eyes following them like a hawk follows prey . 
 she looked darkly beautiful with her thick hair piled atop her head and her long fingernails painted crimson . 
 but the only thing i could think about was the last time i 'd seen her - during the raid she 'd led on black cross 's new york headquarters . 
 she 'd killed lucas 's stepfather in front of my eyes without hesitating . 
 the headmistress of evernight enforced her idea of the law , absolutely , whether seeking revenge for a black cross attack or regulating the school dress code . 
 i wondered if tl10se things were any different for her , or whether it was all just a matter of rules . 
 that was what balthazar seemed to think . 
 i was n't sure , though . 
 lucas and i had met because , two years before , mrs. bethany had suddenly changed the rules of evernight academy in order to allow human students to enroll - without informing those humans that they would be surrounded by vampires , of course . 
 each of those many human students had connections , one way or another , to ghosts . 
 she 'd been hunting the wraiths - creatures like me - for reasons we had yet to learn . 
 mrs. bethany was complicated in ways i could n't pretend to fathom . 
 but i had to hope she would play by the rules today , at least , because i recognized the car that balthazar had rented coming up the long gravel drive . 
 when balthazar stepped out , several of the students - vampire and human - smiled at him ; he 'd always been effortlessly popular , trusted by everyone . 
 but when lucas got out of the passenger seat , the vampires ' smiles vanished , replaced by expressions of pure loathing . 
 the ones who had been here t \ vo years ago knew that lucas had been black cross - that he had first come to evernight to spy on them , and that he had been raised to kill vampires on sight . 
 all of them would have heard how narrowly he had escaped mrs. bethany when he 'd been discovered . 
 the fact that lucas had been changed into a vampire , something they had to sense instantly , did n't diminish their hatred in the slightest . 
 the only vampire who did n't gape in shock and fury was mrs. bethany . 
 she stepped forward smoothly , her long black skirt swirling around her , to face lucas . 
 her expression was unreadable as she stared him in the eyes . 
 could he bring himself to do it ? 
 his face betrayed his confusion and doubt , and who could blame him ? 
 to ask for the vampires ' protection - to declare himself one of them at last - was a kind of second death for him . 
 the death of who he had been , his whole life . 
 but he did n't have much other choice . 
 lucas took a deep breath . 
 `` i call upon the sanctuary of evernight . '' 
 chaos followed . 
 several of the vampire students tried to protest , either to balthazar , who refused to be baited , or mrs. bethany , who ignored them as she stood entirely still amid the din . 
 the human students , of course , had no idea what was going on or why this new guy was so despised by a lot of the student body ; understandably , they were suspicious of him already . 
 lucas stood his ground , though i could see how he longed to lash back , and how his dark green eyes sometimes followed one of the human students a little too long . 
 mrs. bethany studied him , her eyes searching , until she gestured for him to follow her and walked toward the edge of the campus - toward the carriage house where she lived . 
 as balthazar watched them go , a space widening around him as he was shunned by the other vampire students , i willed myself to his side and whispered , `` how do you think she 's taking it ? '' 
 he jumped , then hissed , `` you scared me . '' 
 `` from now on , take it for granted that i 'm around . '' 
 `` even when i 'm in the shower ? '' 
 `` you wish . '' 
 after a glance from side to side , making certain that nobody realized he was talking to `` himself , '' he murmured , `` i think if she were going to turn him away , she would 've done it immediately . 
 but she never would , biianca . 
 trust me . '' 
 despite everything he 'd done for lucas since his turning , i was n't ready to totally trust balthazar again yet . 
 he was the guy who 'd led lucas to his death - the person who had gotten lucas into this situation to start with . 
 was n't he ? 
 i could n't take the uncertainty between us another second . 
 instead i darted after mrs. bethany and lucas , eager to hear what i could . 
 mrs. bethany lived in a carriage house at the edge of the school grounds , a place i knew well . 
 but i forgot one very basic thing about it until i swept down toward the roof , ready to sink inside - and fell myself shoved back violently . 
 of course , i realized . 
 the roof . 
 metals and minerals found in the human body , such as copper and iron , repelled wraiths strongly . 
 this was why mrs. bethany had chosen a copper roof : to keep us out . 
 the impact reminded me of the `` blocked '' areas of evernight , except that in this case , the entire place was shut off to me . 
 well , if i could n't follow lucas inside , i could try the same thing i 'd done back when i was a student - eavesdrop . 
 i curled into a soft cloud at the edge of one window , where the branches of the nearest elm almost scraped the glass and would disguise me in their shadows . 
 this gave me a view of mrs. bethany 's desk - so neat and tidy that everything was at right angles , with only a framed nineteenth century gentleman 's silhouette as decoration . 
 as i watched , she strode into the room , as much in command as ever . 
 lucas followed her , shoulders tense and gaze wary , the look he wore when he expected a fight . 
 `` there is one question we must address before any other , mr. ross , '' mrs. bethany said as she took a seat behind her desk . 
 `` where is bianca olivier ? '' 
 startled , i jumped , and the leaves around me rustled . 
 she glanced my way for only a second ; no doubt she thought i was merely the wind . 
 lucas sat heavily in the chair opposite her , gripping the armrests hard . 
 `` bianca 's dead . '' 
 mrs. bethany said nothing . 
 her dark eyes remained fixed on him in a silent demand for the whole truth . 
 he continued , `` about six weeks ago , her health just . . . 
 failed . 
 she did n't want food . 
 did n't want blood . 
 i tried taking her to the doctor , but she 'd started to , well , to change , so they did n't know what to make of her anymore . '' 
 `` it must have been clear to you what needed to be done . '' 
 slowly , lucas nodded . 
 `` bianca needed to turn into a vampire to stay alive . 
 i asked her to kill me . 
 i would 've let her turn me into a vampire , to save herself . 
 but she would n't do it . '' 
 his voice broke on the last word , and he turned his head away from mrs. bethany . 
 my resurrection as a ghost might have lessened lucas 's grief , but i realized in that moment that the wounds he 'd suffered when he watched me die would scar him forever . 
 `` you could not have prevented it , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 she did n't sound sympathetic , exactly , but her voice was slightly softer . 
 `` if miss olivier did n't transform you into a vampire , who did ? '' 
 `` that would be charity . '' 
 lucas 's jaw tightened . 
 a shudder of pure hate passed through me . 
 `` we had a run - in right after bianca died , back in philadelphia . 
 i do n't know why she did it . '' 
 `` with charity more , reason rarely enters into the equation . '' 
 that was as close to a joke as i 'd ever heard from mrs. bethany . 
 `` i did n't know what to do at first . 
 it 's - i guess you know how it is , when you change . 
 balthazar was around , trying to deal with his sister , and he helped me out . 
 i tried to talk to my mother , but she - she 's black cross . '' 
 mrs. bethany straightened , her eyes flashing . 
 `` you mean that she attacked you . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` your own mother . '' 
 to my astonishment , i realized mrs. bethany was feeling righteous outrage - on lucas 's behalf . 
 `` indecent . 
 shocking . 
 hateful . 
 the sort of behavior i would have expected from most members of black cross , to be sure , but one would think that at least a mother 's love would prove more powerful than their anti - vampire dogma . '' 
 `` guess not , '' he muttered . 
 mrs. bethany rose to her feet , walked around the desk to lucas 's side , and put her hand on his shoulder . 
 if his wide eyes were any indication , he was as surprised as i was . 
 `` it is unfortunate that you had to learn the error of your ways in such a painful fashion . 
 but you should know that my sympathies are entirely with those who have suffered persecution by black cross . 
 your past as a living man , and the mistakes you made then , have now been wiped away . 
 the sanctuary of evernight academy is yours . 
 we will protect you . 
 we will teach you . 
 you need not be alone any longer . '' 
 for one half second , i actually liked mrs. bethany . 
 lucas was n't won over quite so easily . 
 `` thanks . 
 i mean that . 
 but it 's not going to be so simple . 
 those guys are about ready to stake me already . '' 
 `` they 'll obey the rules . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's smile held a hint of chill . 
 `` leave that to me . '' 
 `` the human students - '' his voice sounded strangled . 
 `` i ` venever killed . '' 
 `` the urge is strong . '' 
 she spoke as though this were only to be expected . 
 `` in your case , perhaps , stronger than most - i see the signs . 
 but here you will have many guardians over your conduct ; i daresay you are in less danger of harming a human here than you would be in the outside world . 
 in time , you will discover how to be a part of the vampire world . 
 you will become one of us . '' 
 lucas shut his eyes for a moment , and i wondered if it was in relief or despair . 
 chapter six lucas walked to the wrought - iron gazebo , staring after mrs. bethany as she went inside to give the annual welcoming speech to the student body . 
 finally sure that nobody else was watching , i dared to materialize at his side . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 he half turned to see me and managed to smile for my sake . 
 `` right back where we first kissed . '' 
 `` the more things change . '' 
 as the breeze ruffled his dark gold hair and the ivy leaves around us , i could imagine that we 'd gone back to the beginning . 
 the sunlight seemed to pass through me , warming me throughout . 
 despite the wind , my own red hair hung long and motionless , untouched , unreal . 
 `` why aren ' t you in there ? '' 
 `` mrs. bethany gave me an exemption this go - round . 
 said she 'd try to find a way to explain to the vampire students and teachers to leave me the hell alone without tipping off the humans . 
 me walking into a pack of vampires before she gives the hands - off speech - no way am i doing that unarmed . '' 
 `` she handled it better than i would 've thought , '' i said . 
 `` i guess mrs. bethany takes the sanctuary thing here seriously . '' 
 lucas shrugged . 
 `` she claims she 's got my back , but all the same , i 'm glad ranulf sneaked our weapons up here in his trunk . '' 
 `` why not yours ? '' 
 `` if mrs. bethany does n't search mine , she 's a fool . 
 and that lady 's no fool . '' 
 i studied his face , reading the emotions he was trying to hide . 
 `` you 're not frightened of the vampires . 
 you never have been . 
 it 's being around the human students that gets to you . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i ca n't look at vic without thinking - bianca , i would 've killed him . 
 vic . 
 one of the best friends i 've ever had . 
 i 'd have slaughtered him just to eat . '' 
 `` is that why you wo n't be alone with him ? '' 
 when he shot me a look , i added , `` yeah , i noticed . '' 
 `` no , you did n't , '' lucas said quietly . 
 `` it 's not just me . 
 it 's vic , too . 
 he finds ways to avoid being illone with me . '' 
 i could hear the pain in his voice . 
 i put my arms around him ; maybe it was n't a real embrace , but i could feel him next to me and knew he 'd take some comfort from it . 
 `` he 'll trust you again . 
 it 's just going to take some time . '' 
 `` how long will it be before l trust myself ? '' 
 there was no answer to that . 
 i said the only thing i could : `` i love you . '' 
 `` and i love you . 
 that 's why i 'm going to make this work . 
 i have to . '' 
 * * * just like lucas was learning to be a vampire for my sake , i was learning to be a ghost for his . 
 this meant i had to get the hang of this haunting thing . 
 i had the basics down : going invisible , appearing in my mist form and ! 
 , when i had my bracelet or my brooch , becoming solid and lifelike once more . 
 moving from place to place required some concentration , but it could be done . 
 haunting evernight academy , though - that was going to be a lot tougher . 
 i 'd need to figure out where i could travel in the hallways and where i could n't . 
 leaving trails of frost around wherever i went would tip off the other students and teachers about a ghost , and while i was n't sure they could do anything about it but scream . 
 i did n't intend to find out . 
 it was scary , to think about the myriad ways this could go wrong . 
 but holding back meant leaving lucas alone , and that was something i could n't do . 
 as he walked into the school i followed . 
 the heavy wooden doors were simple enough to slip through , maybe because they , like me , had once been alive . 
 once again , i entered the evernight academy great hall . 
 dozens of students milled around , each wearing the uniform sweater with the school crest : a shield emblazoned with two ravens on either side of a sword . 
 to my surprise , a wave of nostalgia swept through me . 
 maybe i hadn ' t often been happy at evernight - but sometimes i had . 
 this was where i 'd fallen in love and made so many good friends . 
 this was where i 'd lived . 
 my happiness lasted only a moment , though , as i focused once more on lucas . 
 nobody attacked him , or said anything to him , which had to count as a positive sign ; apparently mrs. bethany 's speech had done the trick . 
 but if nobody planned on killing lucas , nobody planned on forgiving and forgetting either . 
 every vampire student stared at him with undisguised loathing . 
 lucas did n't slow down - he wasn ' t a guy to crumple because of a little glaring - but that did n't mean he liked it . 
 we encouraged him to come here because we wanted him to feel comfortable being a vampire , i thought . 
 how can that happen if eveqbody else nijects him ? 
 every time he walked past a human student , his whole body went tense ; i could see it in the set of his shoulders and the lines of his face . 
 but he determinedly did n't look directly at them , and his steps never slowed . 
 his resolve was as strong as his hunger , at least for now . 
 lucas kept going , heading toward the north tower where the guys roomed . 
 i stayed with him . 
 a few flakes of ice crystallized on the windowsill nearest me , and hurriedly i floated higher , closer to the ceiling . 
 until i learned how to avoid creating frost , it might be better for me to stay up high , where at least nobody was likely to see it . 
 the crowd began murmuring , as though there were some commotion . 
 i glanced back and saw that the students were parting - that someone was shoving them aside to get closer to lucas . 
 apparently mrs. bethany had n't managed to calm everybody down . 
 i folded myself tightly in a corner . 
 lucas cocked his head , hearing the danger before he saw it , and turned to face his would - be attacker . 
 probably it was some younger vampire guy , only at evernight for a few laughs , ready to turn into a killer again the first time he felt like it - like erich , that jerk who 'd stalked raquel during our first year here . 
 lucas would be able to handle somebody like that easily , i knew . 
 but when the attacker appeared , it was somebody lucas could n't handle . 
 somebody i couldn ' t handle . 
 it was my mother . 
 mom stood in front of him , fists at her sides , eyes wild . 
 `` is it true ? 
 tell me . '' 
 her voice shook . 
 `` i want you to look me in the face and tell me it 's true . '' 
 lucas looked like he 'd been punched in the gut . 
 as he opened his mouth to answer . 
 though , balthazar pushed his way to their side and grabbed mom 's arm . 
 `` not here , '' he said quietly . 
 mom did n't even turn her head , like she could n't see or hear balthazar , but after a moment she nodded and stalked toward one of the staircases . 
 it was like she was daring lucas not to follow her , but he did . 
 balthazar started to come , too , but mom shot him a look that froze him in place on the stairs . 
 she led him into a small office on the second floor . 
 i went along , although i desperately did n't want to hear what i knew had to come next . 
 as soon as he 'd shut the door behind them , mom said again , `` tell me it 's true , lucas . '' 
 `` it 's true , ' lucas said . 
 he looked deader than he had the night after he 'd been killed . 
 `` bianca died . '' 
 my mother stumbled backward , like she 'd been spun so hard she was dizzy . 
 her face crumpled into tears . 
 `` she was supposed to live forever , '' she whispered . 
 `` bianca was going to be our little girl forever . '' 
 `` mrs. olivier , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` sorry ? 
 sorry ? 
 you convince our daughter to leave her home and her parents and forsake the immortality that 's rightfully hers - her birthright - and she dies , she 's gone forever , and the only thing you can say is sorry ? '' 
 `` that 's all i can say ! '' 
 lucas shouted . 
 `` there are n't words for this ! 
 i would 've died for her . 
 i tried to . 
 i failed . 
 i hate myself for it , and ifl could take it back i would , but ... but ... '' his voice choked on a sob . 
 he steeled himself and managed to say , `` if you want to kill me , i wo n't stop you . 
 i wo n't even blame you . '' 
 my mother shook her head . 
 tears streaked her face , and a few caramel - colored strands of hair stuck to her flushed cheeks . 
 `` if you hate yourself as much as you say - if you loved her a tenth as much as we loved her - then you deserve immortality . 
 you deserve to live forever , so you can suffer forever . '' 
 lucas was crying , too , but he never turned his head away , steeling himself to keep meeting my mother 's eyes . 
 it was more than i could do . 
 this was n't lucas 's fault . 
 it was mine . 
 for one second i considered appearing in the room . 
 if mom saw that something of me lived on , maybe she would n't hurt so badly . 
 but at that moment , i was too ashamed of having hurt her to show my face . 
 `` this is n't over , '' mom said . 
 she pushed blindly past lucas into the hallway . 
 he slumped into the nearest chair . 
 i wanted to take form and comfort him , but i had the feeling that seeing me as a ghost would n't be that comforting for lucas right now . 
 and there was something else i had to do . 
 i followed my mother along the corridors . 
 she wiped at her cheeks but otherwise did n't try to disguise the fact that she 'd been sobbing . 
 several of the students , both vampire and human , gave her curious glances , but she did n't seem to care . 
 we went up the winding stone stairs of the south tower , all the way to my family 's apartment . 
 my father lay on the sofa , his arms wrapped around himself and his eyes dull . 
 he did n't look at my mother as she walked in . 
 dad had put on one of his old records - one i recognized , one with henry mancini songs that i had liked a lot when i was a child . 
 audrey hepburn was singing `` moon river . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' mom said in a small voice . 
 `` i know . 
 i think - i think i knew a long time ago . 
 just did n't want to ... '' dad shut his eyes tightly , like he was closing out mom and memory and the whole rest of the world . 
 my mother stretched on the sofa beside him , taking him into her arms . 
 as she bowed her cheek against his dark red hair , his shoulders began to shake with heavy sobs . 
 i could n't take it anymore . 
 no matter how ashamed i felt , no matter how hard it would be , it could n't be worse than hearing them suffer . 
 it was time for me to appear to them , to reveal what had happened . 
 but as i gathered myself together to take form , even as i struggled to find the right words to say first , my mother choked out , `` may god damn the wraiths . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` it 's their fault , '' she continued . 
 `` what happened to her is their fault . '' 
 dad cuddled her closer . 
 `` i know , sweetheart . 
 i know . '' 
 `` i hate them . 
 i hate them all . 
 as long as i 'm on this earth , i '11 never stop hating them ... '' her voice ebbed into sobs again . 
 they hated the wraiths , for having had a hold on me , for haunting evernight , for merely existing . 
 if i appeared , they would n't think of me as their little girl anymore . 
 i would just be a monster . 
 the way lucas had been nothing but a monster to kate . 
 i 'd never known how much i needed their love for me until i 'd lost it . 
 so i did n't appear to them . 
 how could i ? 
 i would only have made it worse for them and for me , as impossible as it seemed that anything , ever , could be worse than that moment . 
 compared to this , dying had been easy . 
 but i remained there for a long time , watching them weep . 
 i deserved to see it . 
 they cried themselves to sleep , but i could n't bring myself to leave . 
 for a while i drifted through my old room . 
 apparently most of my family 's stuff had made it through the fire , because many of my things remained there . 
 klimt 's the kiss still hung on one wall , shining , ideal lovers that , in my mind , symbolized lucas and me . 
 we '11 get back to that place , i thought . 
 we '11 find a way . 
 i flowed through the window , not bothering about the frost , until i sat beside my old friend the gargoyle again . 
 his stone wings were the same color as the gray autumn nightfall . 
 `` remember that time we talked here ? '' 
 startled , i turned to see maxie sitting next to me - actually a few inches off the windowsill , but once you were a ghost , gravity dido ' t matter so much . 
 she was smiling like this was the greatest day ever . 
 `` maxie , what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` uh , saying hello ? 
 like the last time we met here . 
 you figured out how to fog up the glass so i could write on it . 
 that was when i decided maybe you weren ' t terminally stupid . '' 
 i 'd fogged the glass with my breath - a trick i 'd never be able to perform again . 
 `` do n't take this personally , but honestly , i ca n't do the banter thing right now . '' 
 `` stop sulking , living dead girl . '' 
 `` maxie . 
 no . '' 
 i could n't feel good about being a wraith , about being dead , after seeing what my death had done to my parents . 
 `` you 're not alone , you know . '' 
 maxie tried to make it sound casual , but i knew she was reaching out as best she could . 
 after decades of being isolated from the living world , except for visits from vic , she was n't very good at the social - interaction thing . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid of us . '' 
 but i was . 
 going to `` talk to christopher '' sounded the same as accepting my death , and at that moment , i couldn ` t. `` not tonight , okay ? '' 
 she hesitated , clearly disappointed , but then she vanished . 
 after a second , i realized that maxie was right about one thing : it was time for me to quit brooding and go to lucas . 
 by now , perhaps , he 'd be ready to see me again , ghost or not . 
 the easiest way down proved to be sort of melting along the tower wall , feeling the stones ripple past me . 
 as soon as i reached the new roof , i could feel that it was far more resistant to ghosts than before , but i could go in through the front door or most of the windows . 
 i darted in and out . 
 finding my way , memorizing paths in case i needed to use them later . 
 occasionally i felt a small ripple of energy behind me , or in an opposite corner , and figured maxie was trailing along after me . 
 but then i realized that it was n't her . 
 it - they - were other ghosts . 
 christopher ? 
 i thought , with a shiver of fear . 
 he was the only other wraith i 'd encountered at evernight . 
 but his was a powerful , unmistakable presence , one i did n't detect here . 
 and there were several of them : two , three , five , ten , maybe more . 
 they were just slivers of fog , zephyrs of sensation , probably invisible to anyone who was n't a ghost , too . 
 it reminded me of when i 'd been a vampire , the way i 'd started to be able to just sense when another vampire was nearby , whether or not i ever saw them . 
 i wasn ' t exactly seeing these ghosts - more the trails they left behind - but i knew they were there . 
 mrs. bethany 's plan to draw them here through the human students had obviously worked . 
 we always wanted to know why she was hunting the wraiths , i thought . 
 i guess soon we '11 find out . 
 i rose through the north tower , searching as i went . 
 mostly i saw a lot of vampire guys hanging out in their rooms , chugging blood and bragging about how much sex they 'd had during summer vacation , and a few other rooms with human guys who were hanging out , eating potato chips and bragging - less credibly - about the sex they 'd had during summer vacation . 
 if i 'd had a body , i would 've rolled my eyes . 
 then i reached a room where the two inhabitants sat on opposite sides of a chess board , and i smiled . 
 `` that pawn is now a queen , baby , '' vic said . 
 `` booya . '' 
 `` your soul is as devious as your stratagems . '' 
 ranulf frowned as he considered what to do next . 
 i unfolded , willing myself into a visible form . 
 both vic and ranulf jumped , but then they each smiled . 
 `` hey , ghostly lady . '' 
 vic rose from his chair , like an old - fashioned gentleman . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 `` not so hot , '' i admitted . 
 `` how are you guys ? '' 
 `` we compete now for the desirable bunk farther from the windows , which will be less drafty in winter , '' ranulf said . 
 `` later , vic 's ipad will be used to watch a film of the winner 's choosing . 
 much is at stake . '' 
 `` in other words , it 's all good . '' 
 vic paused . 
 `` at least , in this room . 
 on the sixth floor , you 're gon na find two guys who are having a suckier time of it . '' 
 `` so mrs. bethany let them room together ? '' 
 balthazar had said he would suggest it , and given the attitudes of the other vampires toward lucas , it made sense for mrs. bethany to agree . 
 but i felt better knowing for sure . 
 `` well , that 's something , anyway . '' 
 vic was uncharacteristically quiet for a couple seconds . 
 he avoided my eyes , instead studying the kitschy old elvis presley movie poster that he 'd tacked onto his wall . 
 then he said , `` i should 've volunteered . 
 to room with lucas , i mean . 
 he needs his friends with him - i know that - but i just - '' `` no , vic , it 's okay . 
 lucas should be with balthazar , because he 's going to have a lot of questions that only a more experienced vampire could handle . '' 
 there were other reasons vic did n't need to room with lucas right now , but reminding him of them would n't do anybody any good . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 i want lucas to know i believe in him . 
 you know ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 but . . . 
 give it time . 
 do n't rush it . '' 
 vic nodded and said nothing else . 
 the moment was threatening to become awkward when ranulf triumphantly slid his queen across several squares . 
 `` i believe the superior bunk will be mine . '' 
 `` oh , man . '' 
 vic made a face , and i had to smile despite myself . 
 waving good - bye , i dematerialized again and went farther up , to the sixth floor . 
 after searching through a few rooms , i found lucas and balthazar . 
 they were already asleep . 
 no wonder they 'd already gone to bed - this day had to have been exhausting and traumatic for both of them . 
 i did n't think they 'd unpacked . 
 lucas 's half of the room was as spartan as ever , and balthazar appeared to have stopped moving in as soon as he laid a pack of cigarettes and a lighter on the windowsill . 
 balthazar , almost too broad and tall to fit in his bunk , was curled in facing the wall . 
 ever the fighter , lucas slept on his back , large , scarred hands above the covers , the better to grab a weapon within moments if necessary . 
 the only time he 'd ever deviated from that was when he held me throughout the night . 
 although i knew they needed to crash , i felt bad that i had n't been able to see lucas again , even if only to wish him sweet dreams . 
 then i remembered something maxie had taught me before lucas 's death , and smiled . 
 maybe i could tell him good night after all . 
 i concentrated on lucas 's sleeping form , hoping that he was dreaming . 
 if i remembered right , it was a little like diving into a pool - thrusting downward , inward , every bit of me in one taut line - instantly , i was within lucas 's dream . 
 the surroundings were familiar - this was the records room at the top of the north tower . 
 a few filmy cobwebs clouded the corners of the room , and sepia gold pages were scattered about here and there . 
 mrs. bethany used this only to store records of no use to her any longer , report cards from 1853 and similar stuff . 
 however , a lor had happened here in recent years . 
 this was where lucas had fought - and killed - erich , a vampire who had stalked raquel . 
 this was where balthazar and i had sought clues to mrs. bethany 's ultimate plan . 
 and here lucas and i had reunited after he 'd learned that i was the child of vampires . 
 he had accepted me no matter what , just as i had accepted him . 
 good thing , too , i thought . 
 given how many things we 've changed into since . 
 lucas stood at the window , staring out at the night sky . 
 his hair was slightly longer , as it had been when we first met . 
 i smiled , realizing as i did so that i had a body now , or whatever passed for one in the world of dreams . 
 that meant i could take lucas in my arms , and we could share everything that our waking hours denied us . 
 here , in sleep , we could be alone and safe . 
 as i came closer to him , i noticed that he had a stake in one hand - strange , i thought . 
 then the door behind us opened . 
 `` knock , knock . '' 
 to my astonishment , erich walked through the door . 
 `` raquel ? 
 thanks for the invitation . 
 knew you could n't wait to see me . '' 
 his greedy expression shifted into annoyance as he glimpsed lucas at the window ; i could n't tell whether he saw me or not . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 `` waiting to see whether i can forge raquel 's handwriting well enough to get you up here , '' lucas said . 
 he walked right past me without a glance . 
 apparently i did n't play a role in this dream . 
 `` looks like that 's a yes . '' 
 `` you played some stupid joke to get me alone ? 
 what are you , some kind of fag ? '' 
 `` it would be your lucky day if i were . '' 
 lucas circled erich , his entire body tensed and ready . 
 the second that he stood between erich and the door , he let erich see the stake . 
 `` but it 's not your lucky day . '' 
 `` black cross , '' erich spat . 
 `` vampire , '' lucas said , with a hatred so deep it seemed to reverberate within his bones . 
 they lunged at each other , predator and hunter . 
 i cried out as they tumbled to the floor , erich 's hands closing around lucas 's throat . 
 this is n't real , i told myself , but that was n't exactly true . 
 no doubt this was lucas 's memory of his final fight with erich . 
 i 'd never doubted that lucas had done what he had to do , but i 'd never realized how dangerous it had been for him . 
 how frightened he must have been , for the nightmares to keep coming back . 
 as lucas and erich grappled , raquel 's tawny leather bracelet fell to tthe floor . 
 it must have been in erich 's pocket . 
 lucas shoved erich away , hard , and gasped , `` taking trophies ? 
 marking your prey ? '' 
 `` raquel 's going to be mine , '' erich said . 
 his fangs were out , misshaping his smile . 
 `` i 'd have had her weeks ago if your stupid girlfriend had n't gotten in the way . '' 
 `` then i 'm doing this just in time . '' 
 lucas kicked one of rickety towers of old boxes , sending it toppling down onto erich . 
 but erich , like any monster in a dream , suddenly seemed to be standing somewhere else and attacked lucas from another direction altogether . 
 `` did you know your girlfriend 's one of us , too ? '' 
 erich taunted , as he got his hands around lucas 's throat . 
 `` or are you stupid enough not to notice you 're screwing a vampire ? '' 
 `` leave bianca - out of this ! '' 
 lucas choked , pushing erich away . 
 erich just grinned . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her out of it . 
 everything i do to you up here ? 
 she 's going to get double . 
 before i 'm done , you 'll be dead , and she 'll be worse than dead . 
 so much worse . '' 
 that made lucas lose it ; his fighting focus shook as he gave in to anger . 
 `` i will never let you hurt her . '' 
 he stabbed at erich , a wild punch ; erich dodged it with the unearthly power of the nightmare . 
 it 's a dream , i reminded myself forcefully . 
 you can appear to lucas in his dreams . 
 just break into this and change it . 
 take this dream back for the two of you . 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 i called , daring to step closer to the fight . 
 it was n't as though erich could hurt me . 
 `` lucas , it 's bianca . 
 look at me . 
 just look at me ! '' 
 `` i think he 's busy , '' charity said . 
 i turned to see her perched on another tower of boxes , wearing a cobwebby gray dress , her hair in a rat 's nest of tangles . 
 she might have been one of the gargoyles - the most monstrous one . 
 charity grinned at me , eyes glinting in the night like a eat 's . 
 of course lucas dreamed about her , too . 
 she 'd killed him . 
 but how many monsters would i have to banish from lucas 's dreams just to win a few hours for us ? 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 i threw myself toward the fray , sliding bet \ veen lucas and erich . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 lucas looked horrified . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 erich 's hands seized me from behind , strong as steel . 
 `` hey , lucas - want to watch your girlfriend suffer ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 lucas grabbed me , pulling me back . 
 the struggle felt totally real . 
 `` lucas , he ca n't kill me , '' i said as i tried to twist out of erich 's grip . 
 his fingers felt like claws digging into my flesh ; it was difficult to remind myself that this was n't real . 
 `` he ca n't hurt you either . 
 it 's a dream . 
 do n't you remember ? '' 
 he could n't hear me . 
 panic had gripped him - his fear for my life far greater than it had ever been for his . 
 `` bianca , hang on ! '' 
 lucas kept trying to swing at erich with his stake , but erich dragged me that way and this , using my body to block them . 
 `` you 're going to be the one to kill her , hunter , '' erich sneered . 
 `` you 'll cremate her to stop the pain . 
 you know those old stories they told you in black cross ? 
 about the worst torture you can work on a vampire ? 
 soak the stake in holy water , stab them deep so the holy water sinks into their blood - and then they 're paralyzed forever . 
 ca n't wake up , ca n't move . 
 they just lie there feeling like they 're burning alive for all eternity . '' 
 `` i never did that , '' lucas panted . 
 `` not even to scum like you . 
 you , i 'm just gon na kill . '' 
 `` i 'm going to try it . '' 
 erich spoke into the side of my face ; i could feel his cool undead breath against my neck . 
 `` i 'm going to do it to bianca . 
 she 'll be like sleeping beauty , but you 'll know she 's not sleeping . 
 you 'll know she 's burning forever . 
 nobody else will be able to hear her screaming , but i bet you will . '' 
 `` you wo n't get the chance , '' lucas swore , but i could see his fear mounting . 
 when he risked his own life , he could stay calm ; when it came to me , he lost it . 
 finally i lunged forward , pulling myself free of erich 's grasp . 
 sharp lines of pain lashed my shoulder - erich 's fingernails , i thought - but i did n't care as i fell to the floor . 
 lucas flung himself at erich , sending them both toppling down . 
 the battle was furious now , blood from open cuts spattering onto the stone wall . 
 my silver , shining blood oozed between my fingertips . 
 it glistened on the floor , mingling with lucas 's red blood in a way that seemed beautiful , almost mesmerizing . 
 snap out of it ! 
 i told myself . 
 i was in shock . 
 `` oh , this is fun , '' charity laughed from her place atop the boxes . 
 she clapped her hands like a little girl who 's just seen her birthday cake . 
 `` save her , lucas ! 
 save her while you still can ! 
 or . . . 
 maybe you can ' t ? '' 
 lucas 's face took on an expression i recognized , though i 'd only seern it once before . 
 i could never have forgotten it - the look of pure torment he 'd worn at my bedside the night i died . 
 at that moment i realized that i could n't break him out of this memory . 
 i could n't do anything in this dream except make it more frightening for lucas . 
 that meant i had to leave . 
 i closed myself away from sight . 
 away from him . 
 when i could see again , i stood in his dark dorm room , at the foot of his bed . 
 lucas twisted beneath his sheets , then slumped , drifting from the nightmare to deeper , dreamless sleep . 
 at least it 's over , i told myself . 
 yet even in my ethereal form , i could feel physical pain ; that had never happened before . 
 confused , i glanced at my burning , aching shoulder . 
 the lines of erich 's scratches still showed upon my skin , and each one glimmered with droplets of silver blood . 
 chapter seven i left the dorm room , going through the door and down the hallway as though i were mortal . 
 more time must have passed than i 'd realized , because nearly everyone was quiet , asleep or at least settled in for the night . 
 although i badly wanted to revisit vic and ranulf , in the feeble hope that they could cheer me up , i would n't wake them for my own selfish reasons . 
 without them , i realized , there was literally nobody else in the world i could talk to , or even watch , without it causing pain . 
 how did we screw up so badly ? 
 i thought as i descended the long , winding stone stairs . 
 around me i could hear the crackling of ice . 
 i was leaving evidence , but at this point i did n't much care . 
 the only thing we ever wanted was to be together , and to live honestly without all the lies . 
 how did so many people get hurt ? 
 for the first time , i realized how easy it would be to follow maxie 's advice and let go of the mortal world completely . 
 effortless , mindless drifting within blue mist seemed really good to me right now . 
 it would have been a relief to be free from sorrow and guilt , from responsibility for the people i 'd left behind . 
 was that true for the ghosts trapped at evernight academy now ? 
 maybe trapped was n't the right word . 
 this could be a sanctuary for them , too - a place where they did n't have to remain in their old haunts and habitations , taunted by the lives they 'd lost . 
 but mrs. bethany had attacked maxie once , and was no friend to the wraiths . 
 there was no way she 'd built this place as a refuge for them . 
 tentatively , i stretched my consciousness , seeking the other wraiths who lived here . 
 can you hear me ? 
 no response - but i could sense a shift in the air , like knowing that someone was watching . 
 then the visions began to flood my mind . 
 they were like vivid daydreams , almost hallucinations , except that i knew they did n't come from within my own mind . 
 the wraiths were forcing me to see them : vampires , each of them at their most monstrous , as though students went around evemight unwashed , bloody , and fanged . 
 they were attacking human students in the hallways , in the classrooms . 
 one brutal assault after another . 
 `` none of that is real , '' i said , hoping they could hear . 
 `` they mostly leave the human students alone , and when somebody screws up , mrs. bethany 's all over them . 
 the humans you followed here - they 're safe . '' 
 the wraiths must not have believed me . 
 every image intensified , coming closer , and now they had sound -lrb- screaming -rrb- and smell -lrb- blood -rrb- . 
 disgusted , i tried to turn away , but how can you turn away from something in your own head ? 
 one of the vampires in the visions suddenly went blue and turned into ice . 
 i watched , fascinated and horrified , as deep cracks appeared in his hardening flesh , fragmenting his cheeks , his lips , his whole head . 
 he fell , a crash of bloody slush , and i knew that was what the wraiths hoped to do to the vampires . 
 what they wanted me to help them do . 
 `` i 'm not helping you attack anyone ! '' 
 and like that , i was alone . 
 nothing vanished or went away , but i simply knew that i was n't being paid attention to any longer . 
 what were the ghosts going to do ? 
 if i 'd been terrified of them before , it was so much worse now . 
 i 'd learned some new powers , but nothing that could defend me or my loved ones against an attack like that . 
 could the wraiths hurt lucas ? 
 balthazar ? 
 my parents ? 
 if they tried anything , would i be able to help ? 
 no , i thought , depression sinking deeper into me . 
 there 's nothing i can do for any ofthem . 
 i 'm useless . 
 i 'm dead . 
 i drifted through the great hall on the ground floor , which looked larger when it was empty of students . 
 although it was always a majestic space , it became more beautiful and austere when it stretched out vast and silent . 
 the moonlight streamed through the many stained - glass windows , which stretched from floor to ceiling , but it was brightest through the one window of plain glass . 
 the original stained glass had been destroyed by a member of black cross - lucas 's long - ago predecessor here - making hiis escape . 
 lucas had damaged it himself once , maybe living up to the family tradition . 
 i 'd always wondered why mrs. bethany did n't have it repaired so that it would look like the others . 
 now , at last , i understood . 
 she 'd left it this way so she would always remember . 
 so she would never be careless again . 
 this building was scarred . 
 lucas was scarred . 
 and i , too , felt like i would never heal . 
 i was trapped forever with my regrets and cut off from the living world . 
 lucas suffered the same way . 
 the main difference was that he could end it for himself and probably would , if he were n't sticking around for my sake . 
 at that moment , i felt like all i 'd ever done was hurt everybody who 'd tried to love me . 
 i felt worthless . 
 i wanted to give up . 
 i saw that i was close to the school library . 
 there probably was n't anything accurate in there about the wraiths , but maybe there was . 
 i decided to search and see . 
 at that point , one question loomed in my mind , larger than any other : whether wraiths had any way to - well , to die . 
 again . 
 for good . 
 not that i wanted to do anything drastic right that moment , but i had to know if there was an out , ever . 
 and maybe i was starting to want to take it . 
 the library would 've cheered me up , most days . 
 i loved the heavy oaken tables , the high walls stacked with books to the ceiling , the musty smell of old pages and the heavy brass fixtures that had gone dark with age and wear . 
 it reminded me of hanging out with raquel , or flirting with lucas , or studying with balthazar . 
 of everything happy , simple , and alive . 
 i did n't belong there anymore . 
 resolutely i traveled farther into the library , wondering where ghost - related books might be kept - and felt the wall start to pull me in . 
 it was sickening , overwhelming , like that terrible sensation when you 're looking over a high ledge and for one second feel like you want to jump , only this time the pull was taking me over whether i wanted it or not . 
 the east wall of the library had some strange magnetism that tied in to the core of me . 
 a thick vibration muffled every sound and nearly deafened me , and a kind of static blurred my vision . 
 i tried to make myself more substantial , so maybe i could push myself backward , but i could n't become entirely solid . 
 a strange black gap - not in the world but in my senses - was opening in front of me , towing me forward . 
 from within that gap , i could hear terrible cries . 
 i realized they were the screams of other ghosts trapped by whatever force held me . 
 were they the same ones who had taunted me before ? 
 others ? 
 no way to know . 
 at any rate , they could n't rescue themselves , much less me . 
 `` is anybody there ? '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` somebody , help ! 
 can anybody hear me ? '' 
 no answers . 
 well , you wanted to die , said that vicious little voice in my head . 
 i wondered if i was wrong to even fight this . 
 maybe i needed to let it happen . 
 then i realized that if i did that , i 'd never see lucas again , or any of the other people i loved . 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 my mind filled with the image of the nightmarish scene where i ' d left him , and i envisioned myself in the records room . 
 it solidified around me , taking shape . 
 lucas and erich were again locked in battle - a dream fight so much longer than the real one could have been sweaty and bloody . 
 the nightmare had begun again , apparently a night - long torment for him . 
 charity had vanished , like any other whim within dreams , but otherwise everything was just as terrible . 
 this time , though , i had to break through . 
 once again , with every bit of my might , i called , `` lucas ! '' 
 he turned his head from erich , startled . 
 lucas 's expression was so confused that i thought he could n't see me , but at least he could hear . 
 `` lucas , this is a dream , only a dream . 
 i 'm in the library and something 's got me - you have to find me ! '' 
 the scene faded as quickly as it had arrived . 
 had i reached him , or was that only my own wishful thinking ? 
 already the dark gap had swallowed almost everything i could see , everything i could feel . 
 of my hearing , all that was left was the wailing of the other wraiths . 
 i wanted to call for maxie or christopher , but i did n't know if they would hear me , or whether maxie would respond if i pleaded for help . 
 and what if i dragged them in , too ? 
 a shudder passed through me , and i could feel the vapory outlines of my limbs beginning to dissipate . 
 oh , no , no , no , this is it , this is the end `` bianca ! '' 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i tried to look for him , but i could gain only the dimmest sense of him in the room . 
 he was an outline , a radiation of energy and fear and love , nothing else . 
 `` it 's got me . '' 
 `` give me your hand ! '' 
 by that he meant , form a hand , give him something to hold on to ; i understood that . 
 i just was n't sure i could do it anymore , or that it would do any good . 
 no simple physical force could pull me back from the vortex . 
 but i wanted to hold lucas 's hand at least one more time , even if i could n't do anything else . 
 so with every ounce of my strength and concentration , i thought about the place where my hand should be , and carved out the image of the wrist , the palm , and the fingers . 
 a soft blue form appeared , fragile as a wisp of smoke . 
 it was nothing like it should have been ; maybe this was what wraiths looked like just before they vanished forever . 
 then lucas wrapped something around my wrist . 
 the bracelet ! 
 i saw the coral and silver in the same second that i felt a jolt of inner power . 
 within an instant , my body became solid , and i fell hard to the floor . 
 the answering pain was wonderful . 
 it meant i was real , and that i had escaped . 
 something about turning solid negated the power of whatever it was that had grabbed me . 
 lucas dropped to his knees and gathered me in his arms . 
 in horror , i saw the manifestation of the vortex that had nearly swallowed me - a swirl of fog and darkness that had opened up within the library wall . 
 as we watched , though , it shrank and quieted , smoothing out into uneven plaster once more . 
 `` what the hell was that ? '' 
 lucas said , clutching me against his chest . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i think so . '' 
 my voice shook , and i felt a little like i 'd throw up , ifl still had a stomach . 
 but the disorientation diminished each moment . 
 `` mrs. bethany 's not just hunting the wraiths . 
 she 's . . . 
 trapping them . '' 
 `` is that what that was ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` stand back . '' 
 scooting backward , i put as much distance as i could between me and the wall as lucas went to the wall , ran his hand against it , and then , with all his vampire strength , punched through . 
 fine motes of plaster dust puffed out as shards of the wall fell to the floor . 
 `` they 'll know somebody was here , '' i said . 
 `` let 'em know . 
 we need to figure this out . '' 
 lucas reached into the wall and pulled out a small metal box - curiously shaped , with odd curves and angles : a little like a seashell made of silver and obsidian . 
 the lid was open , revealing an interior of motl1er - of - pearl . 
 at first i thought it was no more than a lovely antique jewelry box , but then - as i focused on the mother - of - pearl , on the living substance within , i felt its pull on me anew . 
 with the bracelet strengthening me and keeping me solid , i was in no danger , but the sensation was still terrifying . 
 `` lucas , close it ! 
 put it back ! '' 
 i cried . 
 he did so at once , looking back at me in alarm . 
 but as soon as the box was shut , i felt at ease again . 
 as lucas ran to my side , i said , `` that 's a trap . 
 a trap for wraiths . 
 mrs. bethany put one here . 
 she could - she 's got to have them all over the school . 
 she 's hunting us and trapping us . '' 
 why?i thought . 
 what can she want with us ? 
 is it only hate , or something more ? 
 he frowned as he cuddled me close . 
 `` jesus . 
 do n't ever come back in here . '' 
 `` not without the bracelet , '' i said , with a glance down at it . 
 `` that was good thinking . '' 
 `` figured whatever was after you , you had a better chance if you could hit back . '' 
 i brushed my hand against his cheek . 
 `` you heard me . 
 in your dream . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lucas raked his fingers through my hair , `` how did you know about that nightmare ? 
 were you trying to visit me , before ? '' 
 `` i tried , but i could n't break through . 
 i could n't make you see me . '' 
 his lips brushed against my forehead as he spoke . 
 `` we 'll work on it . 
 we can get better at it . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i realized that this was the first moment lucas had truly seemed like himself since he 'd risen from the dead . 
 saving me had given him back a sense of purpose - a reason to be here . 
 and i realized that he was my reason to be here , too . 
 lucas studied me in the dim moonlight , once again focused and sure . 
 `` we 're going to fmd all these traps . 
 figure out a way to keep you clear of them . 
 nothing 's going to happen to you , bianca . 
 not again . 
 there 's no way i 'm letting that happen . '' 
 `` and i 'm going to take care of you . '' 
 i remembered how frightened i had been for everyone i loved , even while the trap had been sucking me in . 
 yes , i was dead now , but my heart remained alive . 
 for lucas 's sake , and the sake of the people i cared about - for the love that endured after death - i had to find a place in this world . 
 if that meant i was never wholly part of the living or undead worlds , well , i 'd always been in - between . 
 in the shadows . 
 i knew how to do it , and maybe i could get better at it . 
 maybe it was n't the afterlife preached from pulpits or envisioned by painters who liked harps , wings , and fluffy clouds . 
 but looking out for the people i loved seemed like a pretty good way to spend eternity . 
 as lucas held me tightly , i knew he felt the same way . 
 we still have something at stake , i realized . 
 something to fight for . 
 chapter eight lucas and i stayed up most of the rest of that night , curled in each other 's arms out on the lawn . 
 death had made us immune to autumn 's winds or tfue chill of the soft earth beneath us . 
 so we spooned together beneath one of the large oak trees , half covered by the first fallen leaves as the wind brew them over us for a blanket . 
 the leaves were the colors of our hair - deep red and dark gold . 
 we were part of the fall . 
 and , for the first time in far too long , we were truly part of each other . 
 `` you haven ' t said we should leave evernight , '' i whispered . 
 `` do n't think i haven ' t thought it . '' 
 lucas nuzzled the side of my face . 
 `` i hate knowing how dangerous this place is for you . 
 but ... i have to trust you to make your own call about the risks . 
 that 's the deal we made , and i 'll stick to it . '' 
 with my head still dizzy from the trap in the library , and the scratches on my shoulder sore , i wondered whether i needed to reassess the risks at evernight academy . 
 but until lucas was steadier , i knew , remaining here was our best option . 
 `` i 'm just fine . '' 
 i kissed him , soft and deep . 
 `` nothing worse can happen to me . 
 in fact - it 's like i finally see that so many good things can still happen to me . 
 that there 's a lot i can do here , for you and for everybody else . '' 
 lucas half smiled . 
 `` not a ghost , but an angel . '' 
 `` there 's a lot you can do here as a vampire . 
 think about how many students my mother and father helped , or how often balthazar was able to bail us out . 
 being dead ... it 's not the worst thing that can happen . '' 
 he was quiet for a while after that . 
 considering . 
 `` it 's just - this hunger . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` if i ever snap , and if i hurt someone ... kill ! 
 someone - '' `` you wo n't . '' 
 i wanted badly to believe that , and to help him believe it , too . 
 `` you 're strong , lucas . 
 as a kid , you made it thro111gh black cross training that would 've crushed some adults . 
 you went undercover when you were nineteen years old and you pulled it off . 
 i mean , you fooled mrs. bethany , and you might just be the only person who 's ever done that for long . '' 
 at that , he actuauy laughed ; it was a rueful laugh rather than a happy one , but i 'd take what i could get . 
 it just felt so good , being here with him without the weight of the world crushing us down . 
 i kept counting off points . 
 `` you think for yourself , which is a lot rarer than it ought to be . 
 you can admit when you 're wrong , which is even rarer than that . 
 you 're loyal , and you 're courageous , and you make friendships that last forever . 
 that 's all part of you . 
 the best part of you . '' 
 very serious now , lucas shook his head . 
 `` you 're wrong . '' 
 `` listen to me - '' `` you listen . '' 
 he snuggled more tightly against me . 
 `` you 're the best part of me . 
 always . '' 
 i closed my eyes and rested my head against his arm , finally at peace - at least for one night . 
 the next day , evernight academy continued along in its usual whirl of activity - in its own way , i thought , more alive than most of its student body . 
 people jumbled together in the hallways , the vampires sleek and sophisticated , the rest wondering vaguely why they could n't fit in . 
 traveling down the hallways was scarier now , because i never knew where the next trap might lie . 
 but i took it slow and proceeded carefully . 
 so far , so good . 
 i was searching for lucas , intending to follow him into class . 
 i would n't distract him ; he was honestly trying to do the course work , as a way of killing time if nothing else . 
 after our reunion last night , it felt like enough just to be at his side , and i suspected he would feel the same way . 
 but then i saw someone who looked lonelier than lucas had - my mother . 
 mom 's clothing was much the same as it had always been : simple skirt , practical shoes , and a soft sweater . 
 her caramel - colored hair was pulled back in the ponytail she 'd worn as long as i could remember . 
 but the spring had left her step , and there was no light in her eyes as she trudged down the hallway toward her twentieth - century history class . 
 when i drifted through the door of her classroom , she was writing on the blackboard . 
 i read the words along with the students : the lost generation . 
 l saw a few familiar faces in the room , most particularly balthazar ; he 'd lived through this , and remained more hooked - in than most vampires , but i realized he had probably enrolled in this class in particular in order to stay close to my mom . 
 oh , sure , i mused . 
 now you 're thoughtful . 
 why were n't you thinking al1ead when lucas needed it the most ? 
 balthazar had brought lucas into the fight with charity knowing that lucas was n't himself - something i still had n't gotten past . 
 but for my mother , if not myself , i could n't help feeling some gratitude toward him - and toward patrice , who sat a few rows ahead and was probably enrolled for the same reason , though she would never admit it . 
 `` the lost generation . 
 that 's what they called the people who came of age during the first world war - or , as they called it then , the great war . 
 anybody know why that was ? '' 
 mom asked tiredly . 
 she was directing her question at the human students , of course , or at least the vampires who had been turned after that era . 
 it was an unwritten rule at evernight academy that relying on historical knowledge you 'd lived through was too much like cheating . 
 skye tierney , who sat in the front row , raised her hand . 
 `` because the second world war hadn ' t happened yet . '' 
 `` correct . '' 
 morn 's gaze remained a couple inches above the class , not quite engaged with them . 
 dark circles ringed her eyes . 
 it looked like she had n't slept well in weeks . 
 `` because they could n't believe humaniry could ever be that stupid twice . '' 
 a couple of the vampires smirked , obviously thinking that was a slam on human beings , instead of what it was - mom being fatalistic . 
 balthazar shut his eyes briefly as if trying to shield himself from their stupidity . 
 my mother clutched her chalk in her hands , fine yellowish powder coating her fingertips . 
 her gaze was distant , her voice softer than it should 've been for addressing a roomful of students . 
 `` world war i shattered people 's beliefs in every aspect of their society . 
 people could no longer worship an au - protecting god after so many of their sons and brothers died in the trenches . 
 soldiers who had suffered from mustard gas and machine - gun fire and starvation could no longer trust the governments and generals who had sent them to the front with promises of a war that would last only a few months . 
 women who had picked up the slack of war work in factories and managed at home alone for years could never be ` sheltered ' again . '' 
 pens scratched on notebooks ; keyboards of laptops clicked . 
 everybody thought this was going to be on the exam . 
 i could tell this was just mom getting lost in sad memories . 
 she continued , `` some of those women had lost everyone they 'd loved . 
 every promise they 'd ever made to their children to keep them safe ... those promises were broken . 
 after that , you could never - they could never believe again . '' 
 oh , mom . 
 i wanted to put my arms around her so badly . 
 did i want to hold her and tell her it would be okay , or was i childish enough to want her to reassure me ? 
 a few of the vampires - the older ones , who had been through that time , too - looked as sad as my mother did ; balthazar suddenly seemed acutely interested in his shoes . 
 i realized i 'd never asked what he did in that war , if anything . 
 whatever had happened to him then might darken his memories , or maybe he simply understood mom 's mindset better than anyone else and felt bad for her . 
 reaching out to other people , i reminded myself . 
 taking care of them , even if i happen to be mad at them right now . 
 that 's what i 'm here for . 
 i went to his side . 
 his fingers weren ' t holding his pencil very tightly - having witnessed these events , he apparently did n't see the need to take notes . 
 so i took control of the pencil and wrote , within his grip , do you think she 's okay ? 
 balthazar sat upright very quickly , but he got over being startled fast enough . 
 his grip tightened as he took the pencil back from me . 
 no , i do n't . 
 he let the pencil slightly loosen again so that i could reply . 
 what about my father ? 
 do you think he 's able to help her ? 
 he asked me to leave his class . 
 the reminder would be too painful , he said . 
 so that sounds like a no . 
 bianca , why do n't you appear to them ? 
 i hate lying to them that you 're completely gone , forever . 
 mom and dad hate the wraiths . 
 they did everything they could to stop me from turning into one and would n't say one word to me about my becomiilg anything but a vampire . 
 the next words were hard , but i forced myself to finish : i 'm afraid they 'd r ect and hate me . 
 too . 
 they 're your parents . 
 they would n't do that . 
 they 'd accept you . 
 like lucas 's mother accepted him ? 
 he did n't have a response for that . 
 in her seat in front of balthazar , patrice started shivering ; apparently the presence of a ghost always created a chill in the air . 
 she glanced over her shoulder once , obviously curious about the cause of the draft . 
 i moved toward the door , unable to take much more of this , but i looked long and hard at mom before i left the room . 
 every time i saw her now felt like it might be the last time . 
 i wanted to appear to her and to dad so badly . 
 i imagined appearing before them , wearing the white camisole and cloud - patterned pajama pants i 'd died in , and slipping on the bracelet so that i could become solid . 
 ifl did that , there would be nothing i 'd want more in the world than to run into their arms and feel them hug me again . 
 and then i imagined them turning away . 
 if they did that - i would never get over it . 
 the other students had started talking about the upcoming scrnool trip into the nearby town of riverton days ago , but i had n't paid much attention , because i doubted any of my friends would take part . 
 the trips were a recent innovation - a treat for the human students . 
 vampires tended to skip it entirely , because getting to riverton involved crossing running water , which for them always induced chills , nausea , and sometimes a kind of shock . 
 also , anything the humans enjoyed was automatically extremely uncool to the vampires . 
 the only human i spent any time with anymore was vic , who would probably stick around school to hang with ranulf . 
 81 however , my plans were about to change . 
 after mom 's class , as students crowded into the hallways , i sought lucas . 
 i felt like he needed me , and after seeing my mother 's anguish , i needed him , too . 
 but as i carne along his right side , mrs. bethany stepped smoothly to his left . 
 `` mr. ross . '' 
 `` mrs. bethany , '' he said , casting one quick glance in my direction ; he 'd sensed that i was there and obviously felt protective . 
 although we both knew that i was invisible , something about that woman made it seem as though she could detect me anyway . 
 but she seemed to be thinking about something else entirely . 
 `` you have not yet put your name on the list of students joining our first off campus trip . 
 i seem to recall that you were fond of such outings . '' 
 `` back when i could cross a river without wanting to throw up , yeah . '' 
 `` such discomfort is momentary , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 `` it can be overcome . '' 
 lucas shrugged . 
 `` i do n't see the point . '' 
 `` i will share a secret with you , mr. ross . 
 the secret of how i learned to bear being dead . '' 
 what would ever make mrs. bethany reveal something so personal ? 
 lucas 's face looked just as shocked as i felt . 
 `` urn , okay . '' 
 then he shook off his surprise . 
 `` actually , that 's something i 'd like to hear . '' 
 `` right now , i suspect , you are attempting to forget what you loved about being alive . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's skirts rustled as she made her way through the crowd , people parting to leave a wide berth around her and lucas . 
 `` to distance yourself from those joys , believing yourself separated from them forever . 
 but that is a mistake . '' 
 lucas walked more slowly , obviously trying to take that in . 
 `` but it 's not like i can . . . 
 i do n't know , go get a good hamburger or go swimming in the ocean - '' `` no . 
 some things are closed to us . 
 but surely you can enjoy the entertainments riverton has to offer . '' 
 we 'd gone to the classic movie house on our flrst date . 
 he 'd bought me my brooch in the vintage clothing shop . 
 it would be fun to visit some of those places again , together . 
 so what if i had to hide ? 
 call it another take on a `` blind '' date . 
 maybe lucas picked up on what i was feeling , because he slowly nodded . 
 `` that 's true . 
 i could still go . '' 
 mrs. bethany smiled in satisfaction . 
 `` remember your life , '' she said . 
 `` do n't let go of it , any more than you must . '' 
 then she straightened , entirely formal once again . 
 `` i shall put your name on the riverton list . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 as we wandered out onto the grounds , i whispered , `` i 'm so glad you said yes . '' 
 `` that was kind of weird , was n't it ? '' 
 he was clearly thinking about mrs. bethany . 
 `` her opening up like that . '' 
 it was kind of weird . 
 more than weird . 
 i knew i should be grateful to her - she appeared to be looking out for lucas , in her own way - but she scared me too much for that . 
 i did n't want to talk about her any longer , or even think about her . 
 better to concentrate on better times ahead . 
 `` if it gets us back to the movies , then it 's okay by me . '' 
 lucas laughed , and i basked in the pleasure of being just another girl , looking forward to her weekend date . 
 i could 've just ridden the bus into riverton that weekend , hovering above lucas , but we agreed that i might end up frosting the windows . 
 instead , he took the brooch with him so i could zoom to his side once he got there . 
 lucas took along a spare coat and a set of sweatpants in his backpack ; that way , if we were the only evernight students in the movie house , as usual , i could become solid and we could hang out like before . 
 maybe make out like before . 
 i was definitely hoping for that one . 
 my impatience only grew in the half - hour after the bus left . 
 it felt like eternity to wait , hanging out on the roof beside one of the gargoyles and letting the soft rain pass right through me . 
 i knew there was no point in going to lucas before he would for sure be in riverton , but i was so anxious to get there . 
 especially to that movie house , the very first place we 'd ever gone on a date . 
 it was so precious to me that i could envision every bit of golden scrollwork on the walls , the red velvet curtains , the posters - wait . 
 was it possible that i 'd loved it enough to bond with it ? 
 that it was one of the places i could instantly travel to , and `` haunt , '' after my death ? 
 worth a try , i decided . 
 i faded out slightly , letting go of the material world around me at the school , and envisioned the movie theater in as much detail as my mind could hold . 
 everything about it , the woodwork , the frame of the theater itself , i willed to take shape around me . 
 and i was there . 
 yes!i would 've done a fist pump of victory if i 'd been solid . 
 the theater had n't changed in the slightest . 
 there was the old - fashioned popcorn machine , a little brass cage with a red - and - white striped sign . 
 and here was the swirly patterned carpet , so thick and soft i longed to have feet that i could sink into it . 
 tonight 's show , to judge by the spotlighted poster , would be `` to catch a thief . '' 
 cary grant , total glamour , total romance . 
 could this be any better ? 
 well , yes , i realized . 
 it looked like this was going to be a crowded show , so lucas and i would n't have much chance to be alone . 
 the movie would n't start for another half - hour , and already several people had taken their seats - though they kept looking restlessly toward the doorway where i had materialized , looking through me , for someone else - and then it hit me . 
 i recognized some of them - including , down in the front row , kate . 
 black cross . 
 i felt terror wash through me , so hard that i thought i 'd turn to ice . 
 tiley realized where lucas went after being turned into a vampire , and they remembered about tile riverton trips from when be was spying for them before . 
 and tbis is n't a handful of people like she brought to philadelphia - this is a full black cross bunting party . 
 they 've staked this place out . 
 they 're lying in wait to kill him . 
 l rushed out of the lobby ; i knew i must have frosted one of the glass doors , but i did n't care . 
 black cross was n't looking for me . 
 if i did n't warn lucas in time , they 'd pounce on him as soon as he entered the theater . 
 even his strength and fighting skill would n't save him against a dozen vampire hunters . 
 as i made my way down the street toward the town square , though , i realized that the party in the ilieater was n't the only one . 
 there , sitting in a booth at the diner , ignoring a plate of fries in front of her , was eliza pang , ilie leader of black cross 's new york cell . 
 and , worst of all , lurking in one alleyway near ilie square were raquel and dana . 
 the riverton bus pulled in , and students began to pour out . 
 i only had eyes for lucas and so paid no attention to the others , who were laughing and talking , walking past me with no idea i was there . 
 lucas was one of the last ones off the bus . 
 he looked badly shaken , almost weak . 
 the running water must have affected him strongly . 
 `` you okay , buddy ? '' 
 said the driver . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm going to get a coffee real quick . 
 that will help , '' lucas said . 
 what he meant was that he could sit down in the coffeehouse without anybody bothering him for a second . 
 he thought i would come to him in the theater and did n't want me to see him looking so weak . 
 it does n't matter , just get someplace private , so i can warn you ! 
 i did n't see any black cross hunters in the coffeehouse , but that did n't mean there were n't a couple i did n't recognize . 
 quickly i darted after him , hoping to whisper in his ear before he could go inside anywhere . 
 and then i just - stopped . 
 went blind . 
 lost everything . 
 within an instant , i 'd become unable to move forward , back , up or down - anywhere . 
 a trap ! 
 i thought in panic , thinking of that creepy box back at evernight , but this was different . 
 instead of a steady , inexorable pull , i was simply held firmly in place . 
 it was like the difference between sinking in quicksand and merely being stuck in an elevator . 
 well , an elevator with the lights out . 
 had black cross done this ? 
 were they after both of us ? 
 what was going on ? 
 all i knew was that this imprisonment , whatever it was , kept me from warning lucas that he was in terrible danger . 
 then i saw a single shining circle open up before me , shimmering just like a pool in the moonlight . 
 carefully i peered out - and saw my captor staring down at me in shock . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 `` patrice ? '' 
 chapter nine `` bianca ? '' 
 patrice looked as astonished as i felt . 
 her face seemed to fill the whole sky , or ceiling , or whatever else i saw above me in this black , formless place . 
 `` you 're - you 've become a wraith ? '' 
 `` patrice , i do n't have time to discuss this right now ! '' 
 `` we have lots of time , seeing how we 're both dead , '' patrice snapped , her expression clouding over . 
 the old animosity between vampires and wraiths seemed to be at work . 
 `` eternity , in fact . 
 start with how you died . '' 
 `` black cross is here in riverton , and if you do n't let me out this second , they 're going to kill lucas and any other vampire they find , probably including you ! '' 
 the strange tar - pit drag on my movements released me so quickly that i felt like i went flying . 
 light seemed to explode all around - but it was only the streetlamps of downtown riverton , in contrast to the darkness that had enclosed me . 
 as i made sense of the world again , i realized that i was just in front of patrice , who in turn stood in an alleyway just off the main strip . 
 she held in her hand a small makeup mirror , which was crusted with frost . 
 i must have been visible , but only just - as i reached out one hand , i saw only the faintest gray outline of fingers and palm . 
 nobody would see me if they did n't know to look . 
 patrice knew . 
 she blinked once , then shook off her astonishment . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` tell me quickly . '' 
 `` the theater . 
 the diner . 
 i do n't know where else . 
 lucas is headed toward the coffee shop ; we have to get to him before they do . '' 
 she took off across the street , running as hard as if it were her existence on the line instead of lucas 's . 
 i followed her , but slowly . 
 being trapped had taken something out of me - l needed time to get my strength back , time lucas did n't have . 
 patrice got to the coffee shop while i was still two dozen feet away . 
 she did n't so much open the door as burst through it , violently enough that most of the customers looked up to see what the commotion was . 
 one of those was lucas , who had been sitting in one of the green velvet armchairs with his head in his hands . 
 as he stared at patrice , she held out her hand to him , clearly urging him to leave . 
 that was the moment my view was blocked by the hunters . 
 kate . 
 eliza . 
 milos . 
 ten or fifteen more that i did n't know , but each of them with the brawn of black cross troops . 
 somebody had given the word that lucas was in town , and told them his location . 
 patrice and i had been too late . 
 oh , no , i thought . 
 please , no . 
 `` weapons , '' kate said . 
 the word fell as heavy and unyielding as iron . 
 she 'd come here to kill her son , and the weight of it deadened her eyes . 
 as the hunters shouldered their crossbows , lucas rose and walked toward patrice , ready to go - and saw his mother . 
 he saw the attack about to happen , and there was nothing he could do about it . 
 that meant it was up to me . 
 i stretched myself thin , into one long horizontal line , and imagined myself like the sharp edge of a sword - then plunged forward . 
 `` fire ! '' 
 kate cried , just as i swept through the hunters . 
 it must have hit them like a slimmer , swifter stroke of ice , because they all shouted and most of them fired blindly , their arrow - stakes slamming into the pavement or nearby walls . 
 but at least one got through , because the coffee - shop window shattered in a spray of glass . 
 people inside started screaming , and i could see passersby on the street begin to freak out . 
 lucas ! 
 i could n't see him . 
 though i desperately wanted to find out whether he was okay , i knew i had to end this before anybody else got hurt . 
 my strength remained shaky , but i had to do whatever i could . 
 already the hunters were regathering . 
 although a few of them had doubled over in pain from my blow , they were straightening up , readying themselves for another assault . 
 my first thought was to possess kate again and order them to stop . 
 could i do that ? 
 if desperation was the key , as i 'd suspected before , then yes , i could do it . 
 but as i rushed toward her , i felt something pushing me back , until i came to a halt . 
 what the - ? 
 then i saw , shining on her fingers , half a dozen copper rings . 
 copper , like any other mineral found in the human body , repelled wraiths . 
 black cross only knew a little about wraiths , so far as i 'd been able to find out , but apparently kate had discovered enough to pmtect herself from possession . 
 i could strike at her , but i could never again take over her body . 
 i 'd just have to take them out one by one , then . 
 i plunged toward the hunter closest to me . 
 to punch him with that fist of ice , i would have to take form , and i knew that was probably a bad idea ; not only would it give me away to tons more evernight students , but it also would give black cross somewhere to aim . 
 they 'd probably looked up ways to harm or demolish wraiths since our last encounter . 
 instead , i whirled around him , a breeze becoming a gale , willing myself to be colder and colder . 
 as my speed increased , i could see icicles beginning to form at the ends of his hair and beard . 
 his skin went bluish , and he cried out in pain . 
 enough . 
 i let him go , hearing him fall in an apparent stupor , and rushed toward another hunter . 
 dimly i could sense the rest of the fight around me : patrice had taken on kate , matching her blow for blow with a ferocity i 'd never realized she possessed . 
 lucas was in the thick of things , too ; he roared with rage as he tackled milos to the ground . 
 my emotions were torn between being glad lucas was okay , and terrified that this would be it the time he would take a human life , the sin for which he could never forgive himself . 
 but right now , the best thing i could do to help lucas was keep fighting . 
 i forced myself to become a whirlwind yet again , whipping colder and colder . 
 within moments of my wrapping myself around the next hunter , she , too , fell prey to frostbite , or hypothermia , or whatever it was i was doing to them . 
 so i went after another , but as i began , i heard lucas shout out in pain . 
 i could n't focus . 
 in terror , i looked behind me to see lucas - fangs extended , face monstrous - on the ground as milos raised a stake . 
 blood flowed freely from a cut on lucas 's forehead . 
 they were too far away ; i could n't get to them in time - then raquel appeared , running from a nearby side street , and slammed something into the side of milos 's head . 
 milos fell to his knees , stunned . 
 as i watched in disbelief , raquel cried out , `` lucas , get out of here ! 
 now ! '' 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 kate shouted . 
 but dana had arrived , too , holding a crossbow aimed directly at kate . 
 `` this ends , '' dana said . 
 she was shaking so hard that her voice trembled . 
 `` this ends now . '' 
 from the distance , i heard sirens begin to wail ; somebody in riverton had called the police . 
 lucas stumbled to his feet , obviously somewhat dazed from the blow to his head - and deep in the urge to fight , and to kill . 
 i went swiftly to his side , unable to be anything more than a cool breeze against his cheek , but maybe that would at least remind him of who he was . 
 behind me , i heard kate 's voice trembling with rage . 
 `` you two will regret this . '' 
 `` i 've got plenty of regrets , '' raquel said . 
 she had n't budged from her place between the hunters and lucas . 
 `` what 's one more ? '' 
 `` damn you . '' 
 quick as a blink , kate dodged left and shouldered her crossbow . 
 dana slammed into her side , sending the arrow flying askew thank god , it would n't hit raquel or lucas - but then i realized it was headed straight toward one of the evernight students gaping at the fight , a human girl who would never be able to dodge in time . 
 although the next moment lasted no more than a fraction of a second , it seemed to unfold before me in slow motion . 
 the arrow , slicing lethally through the air . 
 lucas , leaping with his vampire strength and speed , directly at the girl in danger . 
 their bodies colliding , her shining dark hair trailing behind her , both of them falling to the ground - just a couple of inches short of the arrow , which thwacked into the side of the building , burying itself inches deep in the wood . 
 the sirens came closer , and the crowds were growing - dozens of witnesses , now , something black cross hated . 
 kate must have given some signal , because i heard the hunters take off , running or stumbling as best they could . 
 dana called , `` lucas ! '' 
 from where he was sprawled on the sidewalk with the rescued girl , he looked up at her . 
 his whole body shook , and he did n't smile . 
 i knew that , while lucas might have overcome his blood hunger to protect another , he was still too close to snapping . 
 `` do n't approach him right now , '' patrice said . 
 she 'd seen the signs that lucas was close to breaking . 
 `` both of you have weapons . 
 the police will think you were part of the group attacking us . '' 
 `` we resigned last night , when kate said we were gon na go after lucas , '' dana said . 
 `` not that we exactly mentioned it to her or anything . '' 
 raquel said , `` what was that - ice cyclone thing ? '' 
 `` that was me , '' i answered , still invisible . 
 everyone jumped . 
 `` dana , raquel , you guys have to listen to patrice . 
 you 'll get arrested if you stick around . '' 
 `` and no black cross to post bail this time . '' 
 dana sighed . 
 `` raquel , baby , time to run . '' 
 dana took off , but raquel hesitated a moment , searching the air in vain for a glimpse of me . 
 `` bianca ... '' `` i get it , '' i said . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 which was n't totally true - i did n't know what , exactly , had brought raquel around from the fear that had led her to betray me . 
 but i knew that something had , and that she and dana had risked their lives and left black cross in order to protect lucas . 
 as far as i was concerned , that mattered more than anything else . 
 raquel ran after dana , disappearing around a corner just as the pollee car pulled up . 
 i realized that patrice had stepped away from me and turned to see that she had put herself smoothly between lucas and the human girl he 'd saved - skye tierney , i recognized her now - so that lucas could n't look at her . 
 her quick thinking might have saved him from snapping . 
 or , more accurately , saved skye 's life . 
 as the cops got out of the car , patrice whispered , quietly enough so that only lucas and i could hear , `` leave the explanations to me . '' 
 within a couple minutes of the police officers ' arrival , i understood why patrice had wanted to take charge of this . 
 a century and a halfs experience of providing supposedly rational explanations for supernatural events was paying off . 
 with expertise , patrice played the part of a terrified young girl , sure she had seen gang members from the city , and they 'd said something about an initiation , and it was just like those emails you got sometimes where you heard that gang members were going to kill some innocent person at random , was n't it ? 
 the cops might not have believed that , but they believed that her fear was genuine and , more importantly , that neither she nor any of her friends had anything to do with starting the fight . 
 the other witnesses ' testimony , including skye 's , would back that up . 
 by the time they got to lucas , the only questions they asked were about his head and whether he needed to see a doctor . 
 90 he was able to answer their questions calmly enough . 
 although i knew he was struggling , lucas had won out over the blood hunger awakened by the fight , at least for now . 
 once the police left , i was eager to talk to him , to see how he was - but so was someone else . 
 skye stepped to his side , glowing with excitement and relief . 
 `` i just had to tell you , that was amazing , `` she said . 
 `` you saved my life . 
 for real . 
 i ca n't thank you enough . '' 
 `` just glad you 're okay , '' lucas said , and despite the turmoil i knew he had to be in , he smiled a little for her . 
 that made skye beam at him , and i realized with a start just how pretty she was : sleek dark hair , pale blue eyes with thick lashes , perfect skin , thin but not emaciated looking - all at once , i was n't entirely thrilled about the fact that lucas had saved her . 
 not that i wanted skye dead , but she was a gorgeous girl who was probably about to have a huge crush on my guy . 
 and that was not good . 
 `` do you really think they were gang members ? '' 
 she looked doubtful . 
 `` they looked kind of old for that . '' 
 `` guess you never get too old to be stupid . '' 
 lucas could n't quite meet her eyes . 
 skye put one hand on lucas 's forearm . 
 i was this close to hating her when she said , `` i 'm kind of shaken up ... . 
 i want to go call my boyfriend back home - but before i take off , thanks again . 
 seriously . '' 
 just like that , i suddenly liked skye a whole lot more . 
 when lucas waved good - bye to her , i murmured in his ear , `` it 's okay . 
 we got through it . 
 you did n't break . 
 lucas , see how strong you are ? '' 
 `` i need to be alone . '' 
 lucas stalked away from me , and i wanted to follow but did n't . 
 his mother had just tried once again to kill him ; no wonder he could n't take any pleasure in his small victory over himself . 
 as i sadly watched him go , i caught sight of someone else - patrice , who now sat alone on a small bench . 
 she appeared to be studying the hem of her floral - patterned skirt for any rips or tears . 
 typically , she 'd gotten through that entire fight , giving as good as she got , without messing up her hair . 
 l went to her side and said , `` thanks for all of that . '' 
 `` bianca . '' 
 patrice lifted her head , with that faraway look people got when they talked to me while i was invisible . 
 ; ` you 're a wraith now ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she settled herself onto the bench , clearly getting comfortable . 
 `` tell me the whole story . 
 start back when you and lucas broke up , which i now assume was not exactly the truth . '' 
 patrice had never been someone i confided in much , but after the way she 'd come through for us , i knew that i could trust her . 
 so i told her the whole story , as concisely as i could , from the beginnings of my clandestine relationship with lucas to our deaths to the current situation at evernight academy . 
 she listened not as sympathetically as some people might have , talking about how terrible it was and how bad they felt for us - but she did n'tjudge . 
 after all the guilt and recrimination going around , that alone was a relief . 
 once i 'd finished , i realized i had a few questions of my own . 
 `` why did you trap me ? 
 how did you trap me ? '' '' 
 `` d felt something following me around . 
 or following lucas around , i see now , but i knew i sensed it . 
 something ghostly . 
 i was n't positive , but i decided to take action ifl felt it again . 
 you 're chilly sometimes , you know iliat ? '' 
 `` how come you are n't scared of me ? 
 most vampires are . '' 
 patrice 's full lips quirked into a smile . 
 `` most vampires are pretty stupid about wraiths - i heard about the panic last year . 
 what a lot of silliness . 
 but in new orleans , where i started out ? 
 back then , there was a woman named marie leveau who knew everyiliing about vampires , ghosts , spirits , you name it . 
 i went to her when i was newly turned . '' 
 she gazed into the distance as though she were trying to look into the past . 
 `` there was a man who 'd died . . . 
 someone i wanted to see again ... well . 
 bringing someone back against his will turns out to be a bad idea . '' 
 `` i can imagine . '' 
 adjusting to being a wraith had been hard enough for me . 
 for someone who had been peacefully dead , it was probably a lot worse . 
 `` did you trap him in a mirror ? '' 
 `` and in the end , i broke the mirror to let him go . '' 
 from her purse she pulled out the compact she 'd used to trap me . 
 the frost had melted , and when she opened it , i saw the reflecting pane remained intact . 
 `` since then , i 've figured out how to release ghosts without breaking any mirrors . 
 it 's such a pain , replacing them . '' 
 that was patrice for you - worrying about her cosmetics case while she was messing with the line between the living and the dead . 
 `` where do ghosts go when you use the mirror to trap them ? '' 
 `` i was hoping you could tell me , '' she said . 
 `` into the mirror , as far as i know . '' 
 to me it felt more like no place , some area between existence and nonexistence , but mysteries like this were beginning to feel almost routine now that i 'd become a wraith . 
 besides , earthly concerns felt more pressing at the moment . 
 i began , `` you know , lucas could use a few more friends at evernight academy . 
 and it would be nice to have somebody else to talk to . '' 
 particularly , i thought , another girl . 
 lucas , balthazar , ranulf , and vic were each terrific in their own ways , but hanging out with only them did get a little sweat socky after a while . 
 `` i do n't tend to make friends with black cross hunters , unlike some people , '' she sniffed . 
 but i could see her regal features softening slightly . 
 `` though i guess lucas is n't with them anymore . 
 so backing him up is basically the same as giving black cross the finger . '' 
 not much of an avowal of eternal friendship , but i would take it . 
 `` and i guess i did miss you , '' patrice added . '' 
 `` d been thinking about you earlier tonight , actually . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 that made me feel nice , being missed . 
 `` you always did have wonderful taste in vintage jewelry , and i wanted to hit the shop here to find something to wear with this outfit . 
 worth a ride over the river , do n't you think ? '' 
 patrice would stop at nothing to have the perfect look , but i no longer found that annoying - instead it was funny . 
 and kind of great , and , well , just her . 
 `` okay , i 'll go with you . 
 they wo n't see me . 
 i may be dead , but i can still shop . '' 
 she perked up . 
 `` ooooh , we need t - shirts saying that . '' 
 i shopped with patrice , urging her toward an antique charm bracelet , but while it was nice to reconnect , on another level i was basically killing time . 
 when we were in the clothing store , i could n't help remembering how lucas and i had come here on one of our early dates . 
 he 'd been so happy . 
 trying on awesome long coats and crazy hats , so carefree . 
 so alive . 
 it was n't that i loved him any less for being dead - how could i ? 
 - but i knew that his life was something that i had loved about lucas , and it was gone . 
 when the students began to gather in the square to catch tlhe bus back to school , lucas did n't appear with the rest . 
 nobody except skye seemed to notice . 
 as everyone started boarding , she went to the chaperone and said , `` we 're one person short . 
 he might be hurt . '' 
 `` ross ? 
 he 's not hurt . '' 
 the driver - a vampire - shrugged it off . 
 `` he told me earlier that he had another ride back to school tonight . 
 you 'll see him tomorrow . '' 
 skye did n't look very happy about lucas being left behind . 
 and i could understand why . 
 at any normal school , that would 've been a cause for concern ; even at evernight , if it had been a human student who had gotten lost , there would have been search parties and considerable worry . 
 but vampire students were allowed more independence and were assumed to be able to take care of themselves . 
 i hoped that was true . 
 `` go find him , '' patrice whispered before she stepped onto the bus . 
 `` see you later . '' 
 swiftly i moved away from the square , toward the woods that jay between the town and evernight . 
 once the houses were few and far between , and the night breeze stirred around me , i had the solitude i needed to concentrate . 
 i imagined my jet brooch , the one he had bought for me here in riverton . 
 the black stone , the shape of the flower , the stone filling in the life that had once pulsed at the core of the wood . 
 everything around me swirled like so much smoke , changing colors , taking shape . 
 to my surprise , i was n't with lucas ; the brooch had been in the pocket of his jacket , which now jay discarded in a heap on the forest floor . 
 as i peered down at it , i saw that it was stained with blood . 
 his from the fight , i assumed - but then i saw that other things were lying around it . 
 a dead raccoon . 
 a dead bird of some kind . 
 a dead fox . 
 their bodies had n'tjust been drained ; they 'd been torn apart . 
 the pile was the aftermath of a killing frenzy , taken out on small animals instead of human beings . 
 in the near distance , i could hear a thud , thud , thud - blows against wood , like with a mallet or maybe an ax . 
 taking hold of the brooch and becoming solid , i walked toward the sound until i saw lucas , stripped down to his undershirt . 
 he stood facing a tree , punching it the way a boxer would a bag . 
 i came closer . 
 ilucas was oblivious to me , maybe to anything . 
 he hit the tree so hard that bark flew with each punch ; on either side of the trunk were stripped - down places of splintered wood , glistening with his blood . 
 horrified , i realized that he 'd ! 
 beaten through the skin of his own hands , and a sliver of bone jutted through one finger . 
 the pain he felt with each blow had to be tremendous , and yet he kept going , relentless . 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i ran to his side and grabbed at one of his arms . 
 `` do n't do this to yourself ! '' 
 he stopped , but he did n't look at me . 
 sweat slicked his skin , making his t - shirt stick to him and his face shine in the moonlight . 
 lucas kept staring at that tree like he hated it . 
 `` i wanted to kill her . '' 
 `` she 's your mother , '' i said . 
 `` she 's betrayed you , as badly as anybody could ever ... it 's okay to be mad . '' 
 `` not just her . 
 i wanted to kill dana and raquel , while they were trying to save me . 
 i wanted to kill skye the whole time i was rescuing her . 
 and now i look back on it , and i 'm not proud , and i do n't feel strong . 
 i 'm just so mad at myself for not killing them and drinking their blood when i had the chance , and i hate myself for it , and i - damn it . 
 damn it . '' 
 lucas punched the tree again , so fiercely that i knew he was n't imagining hurting anyone but himself . 
 `` please do n't do this . '' 
 i took both his arms in my hands and brought his broken hand to my face . 
 it was a twisted mess of bone and sinew and blood , like he 'd been in a car wreck . 
 `` it hurts to see it . '' 
 `` i keep trying to break my hand worse and worse , so it wo n't heal , '' he said . 
 `` but it is healing . 
 i can feel the bones coming back together even while i break new ones . 
 it goes back to the way it was before . 
 i ca n't tear myself down . 
 i ca n't escape from this . 
 there 's no way out . '' 
 he was right . 
 i could n't argue with him . 
 so instead i flung my arms around his neck and held him tightly . 
 after a moment , lucas embraced me back . 
 he shuddered , as though the madness was leaving him . 
 only for now , i knew . 
 but if that was the only help i could give , then i would give it . 
 i closed my eyes and hoped that love truly could win over death . 
 chapter ten after that night in riverton , lucas became quieter . 
 harder . 
 although he continued to reach out to me , and to try to find fun stuff for us to do , it was increasingly obvious to me - and , no doubt , to him - that he was in a desperate struggle for his own sanity , and i could only help him so much . 
 and every time he would build himself up , get to where he might have a good day or two in a row , something else would happen to tear him down . 
 a couple of days later , i sneaked into his calculus class , one i generally avoided , because i 'd taken that the year before and once was definitely enough . 
 as usual , lucas sat near the back of the room , but this time , ther - e was no invisible barrier around him . 
 a couple of guys - vampire guys , lean and pale - were on either side of him , and they were paying more attention to lucas than to the equation on the board . 
 as i dipped down closer , i heard lucas mutter , `` shut it , okay , samuel ? '' 
 the skinnier of the vampires , a new student apparently called samuel , answered , `` ca n't shut it out . 
 you know it as well as i do . 
 you smell it , too . '' 
 the other vampire , silently giggling in an incredibly creepy way , pointed with his middle finger toward a girl sitting two rows ahead of them , one with blond hair in a pixie cut . 
 `` breathe that in , '' samuel whispered . 
 `` nothing better than a girl on the rag . '' 
 i 'd never realized full vampires could smell when girls had their periods . 
 retroactive mortification from every month of my two years at evernight hit me at once , and if i 'd had a body , i would have blushed hot pink . 
 lucas looked mortified , too , but that was clearly not the main problem . 
 samuel and his loathsome friend were n't trying to embarrass him ; they were trying to make him hungry . 
 samuel leaned farther out in the aisle , his desk at the point of tipping over , his mouth right next to lucas 's ear . 
 `` you just got turned this summer , huh , hunter ? 
 bet you 've never even had a kill . 
 never had fresh human blood . 
 but you want it , do n't you ? '' 
 lucas 's hands gripped the edge of his desk . 
 his still - scarred knuckles were white . 
 he kept staring down at the notes he 'd made , but it was obvious he was n't seeing any of it . 
 `` this place is like a freakin ' all - you - can - eat buffet these days , '' samuel said . 
 `` so many humans . 
 so many girls . 
 do n't you want a drink , lucas ? 
 or did black cross make you too self - righteous to feed yourself ? '' 
 he spat out the words black cross like they tasted bad in his mouth . 
 `` shut the hell up . '' 
 samuel 's voice lowered further , but he kept talking . 
 `` you 're gon na starve . 
 you 're just gon na get hungrier and hungrier until it claws out the center of you . 
 a pretty girl like that , maybe - she 'll send you right over the edge . 
 someday you 'll snap , hunter . 
 someday you 'll kill . '' 
 lucas shut his eyes tightly . 
 enough , i decided . 
 i flattened myself at the floor , cold and strong , and swept beneath samuel 's desk - toppling it , and him , over . 
 he crashed down , books and paper going everywhere , and everybody started laughing . 
 professor raju crossed her arms . 
 `` mr. younger , you 'll never learn to balance equations if you ca n't balance yourself . '' 
 lame teacher humor , but people snickered anyway ; samuel looked furious but sullenly righted himself . 
 i knew he would n't make fun of anybody else for at least a day or two . 
 lucas did n't join in the laughter . 
 the hunger had taken him over , and i realized it was taking every bit of his focus and will to keep from attacking the girl two rows ahead . 
 when class was dismissed , lucas got up so quickly that his desk scraped across the floor . 
 samuel and his creepy friend laughed , and samuel said , `` what 's the big hurry , lucas ? 
 cotta change a tampax ? '' 
 a couple other vampires laughed , but skye , who had been in the front row , whirled around . 
 `` do n't you guys ever leave him alone ? '' 
 `` what do you care if we do n't like this jerk ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking at the biggest jerk in the room , and it 's not lucas . '' 
 while samuel and skye had it out , lucas grabbed his stuff and rushed out of the room . 
 i followed him , and only my ability to travel above the crowds of students allowed me to keep up . 
 lucas shoved and pushed , going faster and faster , ignoring every annoyed look he received . 
 he was focused on only one thing : getting out . 
 lucas flung the great hall 's huge wooden doors open with both hands . 
 gold and tan leaves on the lawn crunched beneath his feet , and i could tell he was preparing to run . 
 he 'd vanish into the woods again , kill as many creatures as he could , beat himself into a pulp . 
 not again , i thought in despair . 
 please , not again ! 
 at that moment , balthazar appeared , like he 'd materialized in front of lucas . 
 he must have called on his vampire speed to reach him . 
 `` bad day ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` get out of my way , '' lucas growled . 
 `` no . '' 
 balthazar grabbed lucas 's arm and towed him back into the building . 
 `` you 're coming with me . '' 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i whispered furiously into balthazar 's ear . 
 `` stopping him from tearing himself up . '' 
 which was what i 'd wanted , too , but this would only make a bad situation worse . 
 `` he needs out of there . 
 away from the humans . 
 ca n't you see that ? '' 
 balthazar smiled grimly as we went through the hallways . 
 it looked weird - him basically dragging lucas along like that , lucas almost out of it - but balthazar did n't seem to mind making it worse by talking to me out loud . 
 `` i know you do n't trust me anymore , but you 're just going to have to deal . '' 
 their destination turned out to be the fencing room . 
 no lessons at this hour : it was deserted , the gear neatly stowed away . 
 a few mats remained on the floor , but otherwise everything looked bare . 
 `` okay , '' i said after the door shut behind us , as i allowed myself to take visible form . 
 `` we 're out of the crowd . 
 is that enough ? '' 
 `` it 's enough , '' lucas said . 
 he looked like he wanted to double over . 
 `` just leave me alone , okay ? 
 i can - just leave me alone . '' 
 `` no can do , '' balthazar said , right before he punched lucas in the face . 
 i gasped . 
 lucas staggered back a step , one hand to his jaw . 
 his eyes darkened , and i could see his self - control straining , stretching , right at the point of failure . 
 `` you need to get it out . '' 
 balthazar said . 
 he pulled off his sweater so that he stood there in at - shirt . 
 `` so let 's get it out . '' 
 `` i 'm not fighting . '' 
 lucas 's voice shook . 
 balthazar grinned . 
 `` then i guess i ` ii just have to beat the crap out of you . '' 
 he swung at lucas again , but lucas 's fighting instincts took over . 
 he blocked the blow and shoved balthazar halfway across the room . 
 in an instant , balthazar returned , smashing his fist into lucas 's gut . 
 lucas hit him back harder , snapping balthazar 's head back . 
 `` guys , stop this ! '' 
 i shouted , but balthazar did n't listen , and lucas could n't hear . 
 they were two vampires - two monsters - struggling for dominance , and nothing else in the world mattered . 
 fists . 
 blood . 
 sweat . 
 they tore at each other like animals . 
 freaked out , i tried to think of how best to stop this and decided , right , time to ice the room . 
 but even as i began , i realized what was happening . 
 the crazed look had left lucas 's eyes . 
 instead , his gaze was sharp , directed , like he was on a black cross mission again . 
 every punch was focused ; every move was tactical . 
 fighting like this , against an opponent just as strong as he was , had given him an outlet for the desperate energy building inside him . 
 what bahhazar was getting out of this , i had no idea , but even when lucas kicked him in the jaw , sending him sprawling across the floor , he had a lunatic grin on his face . 
 balthazar laughed from his place on the ground , holding two fingers to his mouth and pulling them back to see the blood . 
 `` only some black cross redneck would stoop to kicking a guy in the mouth . '' 
 `` only some half - rotten corpse would let me . '' 
 lucas sort of blinked , hke he could n't believe he 'd make a joke . 
 like that , apparently , the fight was over . 
 everything was quiet for a few seconds , until!said , . . 
 lucas , are you all right now ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he thought that over , his attention drifting from me to balthazar . 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks , man . '' 
 balthazar said , `` if you get wound up like that again , and you need an outlet , just find me . 
 we can spar . 
 fence . 
 whatever it takes to get it out . 
 it helps ; you 'll see . '' 
 lucas did n't look like he entirely believed that , but he nodded . 
 he held out a hand to help balthazar from the floor . 
 when balthazar 's eyes met mine , he smiled , maddeningly smug . 
 `` what , you 're not going to thank me , too ? 
 or would that mean admitting i was right about something ? '' 
 `` you enjoyed it , '' i retorted . 
 balthazar shrugged , unable to deny it . 
 he grabbed his sweater from the floor . 
 `` i 'm going to shower before class . 
 see you guys later . '' 
 once we were alone , lucas said , `` bianca , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` breaking down like that , in front of you . '' 
 `` you did n'tbreak down . '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` you were able to control it . '' 
 `` balthazar was able to control it , '' lucas corrected me . 
 he had a point . 
 but i knew we needed to focus on the positive . 
 `` you 're feeling better now . 
 i can tell . '' 
 he looked better : in fact . 
 with sweat glistening on his skin , his hair mussed and his uniform askew , he looked pretty amazingly hot . 
 if only we could touch each other without him feeling the urge to bite , i thought longingly . 
 i know better ways for him to burn off that energy . 
 `` i feel ... good . '' 
 lucas stood a little straighter . 
 `` calmer than i have in a long time . 
 it 's like all this white noise in my head finally went quiet and i can actually think . '' 
 i joked , `` maybe this would be a good time for you to work on your psych paper . '' 
 `` actually , you know what ? '' 
 lucas stepped back and straightened his sweater . 
 `` this is as good a time as any to break into mrs. bethany 's carriage house . '' 
 `` wait . 
 what ? '' 
 `` mrs. bethany 's hiding traps for wraiths around the school , right ? 
 we ca n't protect you until we know more about where she 's putting them , and why . 
 he grinned , and for a moment he looked like his old self , when we first met - handsome , aggressive , and quite possibly up to no good . 
 `` feel like a little breaking and entering ? '' 
 `` we should wait until she 's off the school grounds sometime . 
 or at least in class . 
 i do n't think she 's teaching this period . 
 it 's dangerous , '' i said , as lucas kept going down the stairs . 
 `` it 's always going to be dangerous . 
 at least right now , i can focus on what i 'm doing . 
 that 's got to help our chances . '' 
 i was n't wholly convinced , but lucas did have a point - and besides , he seemed dead set on doing it now . 
 'til be your lookout . 
 if she comes out there , i 'll throw pebbles against the window , something like that . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 lucas grinned , and in that moment , it felt like we were on some great adventure together , like it had been back when we first 10o sneaked around to see each other . 
 apparently burglary could be very romantic under the right circumstances . 
 nobody else seemed to be around on the school grounds ; lucas was currently cutting class . 
 -lrb- plenty of the vampire students did this - they were here less to learn the subjects than to learn how to fit in , which the teachers tacitly recognized - but when they skipped class . 
 they usually did it for something more fun than lounging around outside . -rrb- 
 at his nod , i darted forward to circle mrs. bethany 's carriage house . 
 i peered through each window , slightly frosting a couple of the panes . 
 she was n't inside . 
 `` the coast is clear . '' 
 `` okay . 
 keep an eye out . '' 
 lucas went to one of the side windows . 
 i watched as he worked at one of the small metal frames around a pane , wiggling it back and forth until the top strip slid free into his hand . 
 the other three strips of metal around the windowpane came out easily then , as did the rectangle of glass . 
 apparently mrs. bethany had n't replaced the windows recently . 
 lucas put everything out of the way , then reached through the open pane to turn the lock , quickly setting aside the small row of potted african violets kept there . 
 then he put his hands on the sill and neatly flipped over and through , into mrs. bethany 's house . 
 that was a lot faster and neater than i 'd been able to do it . 
 i consoled myself a little by thinking that he had his full vampire powers to work with . 
 maybe i 'd tease him later about having more natural criminal instincts . 
 through the window , i could see lucas walking through the house toward her desk , where any materials about her hunt for the wraiths would most likely be kept . 
 i shifted around the edges of the walls . 
 eager to keep an eye on him , as well as a lookout for mrs. bethany . 
 but as i did so , i felt it again . 
 the pull . 
 a trap ! 
 before i could panic , i realized that it was n't the same as in the library - or , while it was the same kind of trap . 
 there was a barrier bet \ veen us that could keep me from falling in - the wraithproof roof or walls , perhaps . 
 apparently she put the traps together in her home before 101 installing them within evernight academy . 
 though it did n't capture me , the trap 's power was overwhelming . 
 i could feel that strange pull all through me , and i was suddenly slow , sluggish , and inattentive . 
 it was like running a high fever , when nothing quite made sense , and movement was possible but seemed to take too much effort . 
 as i came close to losing the ability to focus , i saw lucas brush his hand against something sitting on her desk - another seashell - shaped box , just like the one he 'd found in the library . 
 maybe it was the same one ; he 'd reported that the library wall had been immediately fixed , no questions asked . 
 quickly he shut the box , and the dizzying pull of the trap vanished . 
 however , i still felt terrible ; just being near an active trap was enough to seriously drain me . 
 for a moment , i was tempted to fade out - to rest , just for a little while - but i realized it might be a long time before i woke again . 
 i gathered together my will and tugged myself free of it , returning to the here and now of lucas 's search - just in time to see mrs. bethany walking to the door of the carriage house . 
 i threw myself against mrs. bethany 's window so hard it rattled . 
 lucas looked up from her desk , instantly alert , but too late . 
 mrs. bethany walked into the carriage house and entered her study before lucas could do more than stand . 
 she paused in the doorway . 
 for a moment , they simply stared at each other across the room . 
 horror chilled me so deeply that it was like i 'd become pure frost . 
 lucas looked seasick . 
 she 's going to attack him , or at feast throw him out of evernight academy . 
 i shoufd n't have asked him to do this . 
 i shoufdn ' t have let him do this . 
 i was just about to fly to the school in an attempt to get help when mrs. bethany said , evenly , `` mr. ross , it would be more efficient if you simply asked me whatever it is you need to know . '' 
 he did n't relax , did n't move . 
 his eyes remained locked on hers , ready to defend or to attack . 
 `` doubt you 'd tell me . '' 
 `` doubt . '' 
 mrs. bethany laid aside her things and sat in one of the wooden chairs on the far side of the wall . 
 another , empty chair sat next to her , a wordless invitation to lucas . 
 `` black cross teaches its hunters to doubt everything new to them , and to believe only their own decrees about duty . 
 102 or sacrifice . 
 or who is and is not a monster . '' 
 lucas 's jaw tightened , and i knew he was remembering kate 's attack . 
 `` they asked so much of you , and what do you have in return ? 
 nothing except a few bad habits , such as your penchant for breaking and entering . '' 
 quietly lucas said , `` do n't make me leave school . '' 
 the words seemed to choke him . 
 he hated to beg . 
 `` the sanctuary of evernight protects you , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 her voice sounded so weird ; i could n't place the difference at first , until i realized that she actually sounded - warm . 
 `` i do n't intend to punish you for behaving in the only way you 've ever known . 
 black cross has encouraged you to be underhanded . 
 there is a better way to conduct matters . 
 here , i hope , you can learn it . '' 
 yeah , evernight academy was the home of honesty , what with lying to the human students about most of their new friends being vampires . 
 as i scoffed , though , i could see lucas 's expression changing , becoming less wary . 
 mrs. bethany was saying exactly what he wanted to hear . 
 more unbelievably , i thought she actually meant it . 
 `` now , '' she said . 
 `` tell me what you were looking for . '' 
 `` more information about the wraiths . '' 
 lucas , do n't ! 
 i could n't believe he was going to spill our secrets to her that easily . 
 instead he said , `` i heard they were after bianca last year . 
 i do n't understand why she died . 
 if they had something to do with it , i want to know . 
 and i want revenge . '' 
 mrs. bethany straightened , obviously pleased to have found a kindred spirit . 
 lucas had convinced her that he wanted the same thing she wanted : to hunt the wraiths . 
 that was probably the single best way to get her to open up . 
 i should 've had more faith in him . 
 she gestured lu the chair uexl lu her , aud lucas luuk a seal . 
 `` tu the i.j.esl uf my lutuwledge , the wraiths i.jdieved themselves lu have sume kiud of claim over miss olivier , `` mrs. bethany said . 
 `` are you aware of the circumstances surrounding bianca 's birth ? '' 
 `` you mean , the part where t \ vo vampires ca n't make little baby vampires without some wraith assistance ? 
 yeah , she told me . '' 
 `` rather like a fairy tale , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 lucas shot her a puzzled look . 
 `` i suppose your warrior mother did n't spend much time telling you stories out of grimm . 
 suffice it to say that the magical godmother at the christening usually hides a curse among her gifts . 
 and so it was with the wraiths . 
 they drank of celia 's blood , and gave celia and adrian a chance to create life , for a little while . '' 
 lucas considered that . 
 his dark green eyes focused upon the window ; although i knew he could n't actually see me , he knew exactly where i was . 
 `` so her mom and dad always knew this was going to happen . '' 
 `` to be precise , her parents thought that she would fulfill her dominant vampire heritage by taking a life and completing the transformation . 
 they knew the only other alternative was for her to die . '' 
 `` beingjust a regular girl - '' `` was always impossible , '' mrs. bethany said coolly . 
 `` bianca was given life , but only so much . '' 
 i sank down to the ground , mist taking form into a shadow of my body . 
 had anybody walked by at that moment , they probably could have seen me , but i did n't care . 
 i needed to feel something solid to rest on . 
 it was n't that what mrs. bethany had said hurt ; to the contrary , it felt weirdly and yet undeniably right . 
 my astonishment at my own reaction seemed to knock something out of me . 
 mrs. bethany 's voice gentled . 
 `` it 's hard for you to hear , is n't it ? 
 but in time , i think , knowing this will lessen your pain . 
 you could not have saved her , mr. ross . 
 you endangered her no more than her parents did - though they will never accept that . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can either . '' 
 `` you still see death as the worst thing that can possibly happen . 
 it isn ` t. . '' 
 `` i know there 's something worse than being dead , '' lucas said , each word grinding out . 
 `` because we 're there . '' 
 `` you miss being alive . '' 
 i expected her to say that he was foolish to do so ; nobody seemed to get more pleasure out of being a vampire than she did . 
 but mrs. bethany added , very quietly , `` so do i. '' lucas said , `` never gets any better , huh ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 astonishment overcame my melancholy . 
 i became transparent again so that i could peek once more through her window ; mrs. bethany sat with 104 her hand on lucas 's shoulder , her thick , grooved nails dark crimson against his black sweater . 
 he did n't shy away from the touch . 
 is she . . . 
 hitting on him ? 
 i rejected the idea instantly ; it was n't that kind of gesture . 
 there was no denying that a bond had been formed , however - and that in some ways , right now , mrs. bethany could understand what was going on with lucas better than i could . 
 wordlessly , she patted his shoulder . 
 lucas obeyed the unspoken suggestion by rising to his feet . 
 mrs. bethany walked him out of the carriage house - completely unconcerned about his having broken into it - and the entire way back to evernight itself . 
 they did n't part until they were both inside the great hall ; a few people studying during their free period glanced at the scene , registering to their surprise that lucas had apparently gotten teacher 's pet status . 
 i wondered if that would make the other vampires back off , or target him even more . 
 `` english class calls , '' she said . 
 `` dare i hope that you 've done the reading ? '' 
 lucas said , `` i read catcher in the rye on my own a couple years ago , actually . '' 
 `` of course . 
 you would be primarily self - taught . 
 what did you think ? '' 
 `` that holden caulfield is a self - pitying loser who needs more to do wirth his time . '' 
 mrs. bethany smiled slightly . 
 `` although i would phrase things more delicately , our analyses are similar in substance . 
 which means i will call on you . 
 be ready . '' 
 she checked the old - fashioned gold wristwatch she wore . 
 `` you have several minutes yet if you wished to shower , '' she said , in a tone of voice indicating that he should definitely consider it . 
 she went on her way , and lucas immediately started jogging upstairs to do what she 'd said . 
 he was smiling - really smiling , like it came from his heart . 
 i felt almost jealous , more like a tagalong than his constant companion , until he whispered , `` can you believe that ? '' 
 `` you did get kind of sweaty sparring with balthazar . '' 
 `` no , i mean , can you believe she let me off ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 then again , you are pretty charming . '' 
 `` charm 's not my strong suit . '' 
 `` i disagree . '' 
 carefully , i said , `` you know not to trust her , right ? '' 
 lucas remained silent as he walked out onto the floor of the guys ' dorm where he lived . 
 finally , when we reached his room , he said , `` she cut me slack , and she did n't have to . '' 
 `` she hates black cross a lot , and i get that she feels sorry for you because of what happened with them , but ... the traps , lucas . 
 she 's out to get ghosts like me . 
 one of those traps nearly killed me . '' 
 `` maybe she 's just scared of what she doesn ' t understand , '' he protested as he stripped off his sweater and shirt , dumping them on the floor atop the wet towels no doubt left over from balthazar 's shower . 
 guys never seemed to realize that doing laundry was an option . 
 `` bianca , you 're still frightened of the wraiths , and you are one . 
 so it 's not an unreasonable reaction . '' 
 i had trouble imagining mrs. bethany being scared of much of anything . 
 but lucas was n't totally wrong about her either ; she 'd come through for him when none of his friends could , not even me . 
 just the same , i could n't have any real faith in her . 
 not yet . 
 `` you wo n't tell her about me , will you ? 
 that i 've become a wraith , and that i 'm here with you ? '' 
 lucas got a weird look on his face . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 of course not . '' 
 relief washed through me . 
 `` so you do n't trust her . '' 
 `` i do n't know ifl tntst her or not . 
 but when it comes to you , i 'm not taking any more risks than we have to . 
 your secrets are my secrets , bianca . 
 never doubt that . '' 
 i brushed against his cheek , a soft breeze , and he closed his eyes and smiled . 
 he was so strong right now . 
 so happy . 
 i suggested , `` you know , i realize we ca n't actually ... be together ... '' lucas opened his eyes , his smile dimming . 
 before he could apologize . 
 i said , `` but i could watch you shower . '' 
 he laughed out loud . 
 the next ten minutes were awesome , in terms of the view . 
 however , the whole time , i could n't totally concentrate - not even with gorgeous , wet , na ** d lucas to focus on . 
 one thought had lodged itself in my mind , and i could n't shake it . 
 i kept thinking , it 's like eve1yone else in the world can help him a little bit - but not me . 
 never me . 
 chapter eleven watching lucas shower did things to my brain . 
 i let him go to class , but seeing him again , with his muscled chest and legs , and water streaming through his dark gold hair and over his full lips - remembering everything we ' d had together during the short weeks we 'd shared in philadelphia - awakened my hunger to be with him again . 
 desire was different for me now that i did n't have a living body , but that did n't mean i wanted lucas any less . 
 and i wanted that closeness between us again . 
 i knew that i helped tether lucas to the world as much as he helped me ; surely we did n't have to be celibate forever , did we ? 
 we could find a way . 
 as long as i had my bracelet on , i did n't see why it would even have to be difficult . 
 lucas had n't made any moves in that direction since our first terrible attempt . 
 given how traumatizing that whole time had been , i 'd respected the fact that he needed some distance ; i knew he loved me just as much . 
 maybe i 'd taken it too far , though . 
 maybe i was the one who needed to make the first move . 
 as darkness fell , i slipped down the side of the guys ' tower and into vic and ranulf 's room . 
 they were sharing a companionably silent dinner , ranulf sipping blood from an eagles mug , vic wolfing down a hot pocket . 
 when i appeared in their room , vic grinned and waved . 
 `` yo , bianca ! 
 it 's good you dropped by . 
 we were just gon na watch jackie chan movies . 
 the old ones , where he 's badass , not the american stuff where he 's funny . '' 
 `` his ass remains bad in all incarnations , '' ranulf interjected . 
 `` in the laudatory sense of the word bad and a rather nebulous sense of the word ass . '' 
 `` ever and always badass , '' vic agreed . 
 `` just more badass in the drunken master days . 
 you want to join us , bianca ? 
 see for yourself ? '' 
 `` actually , '' i began , `` i was hoping you guys might ask balthazar to join you . 
 for a couple of hours or so . '' 
 vic nodded sagely . 
 `` a little necktie - on - the - doorknob time is called for , i see . '' 
 when ranulf frowned , he added , `` bianca and lucas want to be alone . '' 
 `` i see at once the symbolism of the doorknob and the necktie , '' ranulf : said . 
 `` wait - no , '' vic said . 
 `` that is not what that means . 
 at least , i do n't think so - '' this conversation was about to derail . 
 `` could you maybe go ahead and ask him ? 
 it would mean a lot . '' 
 vic grinned . 
 `` consider it done . '' 
 about ten minutes later , when i went up to lucas 's room , i found him alone ; vic and ranulf had already collected balthazar . 
 lucas sat amid a pile of schoolbooks , like he was cramming for all his exams at once . 
 `` wow , '' i said as i took shape . 
 `` did you get hit with a homework tsunami or something ? '' 
 `` studying helps , '' lucas said quietly . 
 `` when i study , i can focus on something outside my head for a little while . '' 
 the books and papers and laptop in front of him looked different now ; at once i was reminded of him in his black cross cell , surrounded by his hunter 's weapons . 
 his newfound drive for his schoolwork was one more way for him to defend himself - this time , against the demons within . 
 i hoped i had another way . 
 `` do you think you could take a little time away ? '' 
 lucas looked up at me , his green eyes so warm and liquid that i felt myself melt . 
 `` for you ? 
 always . '' 
 `` we 're alone . '' 
 i brushed my hand through his hair ; he shut his eyes , clearly relishing the touch . 
 `` you 've got my jewelry , so i could be solid for a while . 
 maybe we could . . . 
 give being together anotl1er try ? '' 
 he remained silent for a long moment . 
 his hand closed around mine , and i felt again the sparkly sensation of connecting when i was n't 100 percent solid - deliciously cool , sending ripples of pleasure through me . 
 i bent to kiss lucas , but just before our lips met , he said , `` we shouldn ` t. '' `` lucas - why not ? '' 
 i did n't feel rejected ; his longing and love for me radiated from him . 
 so i did n't understand what kept us apart . 
 `` i know last time was bad , but we realize what 's going on now . 
 what we can and ! 
 ca n't do . '' 
 as far as i was concerned , the stuff we could do was a whole lot more interesting than what we couldn ' t. `` the need for sex and the need for blood - they 're so tightly linked , bianca . 
 they always have been , for us . '' 
 `` but they are n't the same thing . '' 
 i kissed his forehead , his cheek , the side of his mouth . 
 he breathed in sharply , and i knew he wanted this as 108 badly as i did - more , perhaps . 
 `` you know now that drinking my blood would hurt you . 
 maybe destroy you . 
 so that means you wo n't lose control and bite me . '' 
 lucas gripped my hands tightly and met my eyes . 
 `` i know that drinking your blood could destroy me , '' he said . 
 `` and that 's why i 'm afraid i 'll bite you . '' 
 silence fell over us , as heavy and horrible as the new knowledge i had to bear . 
 i 'd known that lucas was struggling , but i had n't realized that his desire for self - destruction remained so immediate and strong . 
 my face must have looked crushed , because lucas said , `` oh , god , bianca , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` you told me the truth , '' i managed to say . 
 ` that 's the main thing . '' 
 lucas embraced me as tightly as he could in my semisolid state . 
 `` i daydream about being with you all the time , '' he whispered into my hair . 
 `` all the time . 
 if i could n't remember being with you , i do n't know how i would go on . 
 but sometimes i think - if i could end it , just end it , while i was with you , it 's as close as anything like me could ever get to heaven - '' `` lucas , no . '' 
 `` i would never do that to you , '' he said . 
 `` never . 
 but ... bianca , we ca n't . '' 
 i nodded , accepting the barrier between us . 
 it was n't forever ; just until lucas managed to control his blood hunger and the terrible self - loathing black cross had programmed into him . 
 but how long until that day came ? 
 would it ever come ? 
 as though he could hear my doubts , lucas said , `` someday . '' 
 `` someday , '' i said , a promise to him and to myself . 
 later that night , still dazed with disappointment and worry for lucas , i drifted down into the main area of the school - deserted , this late at night . 
 even the vampires were asleep . 
 how many vampires do n't make the transition ? 
 i thought . 
 how many give in to suicidal impulses or blood hu11ger , or both ? 
 i suspected the number was far larger than my parents had ever let on . 
 once again i felt a fierce surge of longing for them . 
 not only did i miss mom and dad just as themselves , but if we could talk - really talk , without all the lies between us - maybe i could learn how to help lucas bear his burdens . 
 perhaps ii was the intensity of my concentration as i wondered about this , the way it dragged me so deeply into my own mind rather tl1an the here and now - or maybe it was some trick of where i was at that moment , because evernight 's traps and guards and passageways created a kind of spiritual architecture within the stone . 
 whatever it was , in that moment , i suddenly became sharply aware that i was not alone . 
 i could sense the wraiths . 
 they were more distinct at that moment than they had ever been . 
 instead of simply knowing that they were there , i could now tell roughly how many there were - dozens , at least . 
 they seemed to stand out in my awareness , each of them distinct but part of a whole , like stars in the sky , maybe , different points of brightness that formed constellations all around me . 
 it was like suddenly seeing the night sky for the very first time , as though i 'd been blind to it my whole life and then been dazzled all at once . 
 except that constellations were beautiful , peaceful - and what i sensed around me now was desperation and madness . 
 instead of being dazzled , i felt the cold grip of fear . 
 some that lingered alone , crammed into tiny slivers between stones or at the edge of windowpanes . 
 it was as though they were beating their heads against a wall , cramping and hurting themselves just to remind themselves they continued to exist . 
 the trapped ones were the worst , because i could n't feel anything from them but pure terror . 
 they ' d become nothing but long wordless screams . 
 and then there were a few others , clustered tightly together , who , when i sensed them , sensed me in return . 
 once again , the visions began . 
 i saw an image of mrs. bethany in my mind - not a product of my own imagination , but something projected into my head like a movie on a screen . 
 something was tearing her apart , literally , graphically , bone and sinew and blood and guts , more disgusting than anything i 'd ever seen . 
 my throat tightened , and i gagged , but the image filled my whole mind now , and i couldn ' t push it away . 
 the plotters - that was what i called them - repeated , help us . 
 or what ? 
 would they attack the people i loved like this ? 
 or would they come after me ? 
 what could a ghost do to another ghost ? 
 i had no idea , 11o but terrible possibilities unfolded in my mind , becoming part of the gruesome destruction of mrs. bethany . 
 her mouth was open , her jaw unhinging , but the desperate scream in my mind was my own - then a shaft of light seemed to penetrate my dream . 
 mrs. bethany vanished , and the `` constellations '' disappeared as though it were dawn . 
 when i could see again , i realized that maxie was standing with me in the great hall . 
 her white nightgown floated slightly on some unseen breeze , so that she seemed to be part of the fog outside . 
 `` you saved me , '' i said . 
 `` i pushed them back . 
 that 's as much as i can do . '' 
 she cocked an eyebrow , like it was weird that she had to save me from anything . 
 `` you 're the girl with the superpowers , if you 'd just realize it already . '' 
 what else could a ghost do to another ghost ? 
 that sharp new fear controlled me as powerfully as the plotters had a moment before . 
 i stabilized myself as best i could , becoming more solid . 
 `` are those christopher 's ... henchmen ? 
 or henchghosts ? 
 or whatever ? '' 
 `` christopher does n't have anything to do with them , '' maxie said . 
 `` they 'd be better off if he did . 
 they 're too tied to the human world to come to terms with the fact that they 're wraiths . '' 
 `` they hate evernight , '' i said . 
 `` they hate mrs. bethany . 
 why do n't they just leave ? '' 
 maxie folded her arms . 
 `` you keep thinking all of us can do the things you can do . 
 we ca n't . 
 most wraiths ca n't move around the way you can , or even the way i can . 
 they followed their human anchors here because of the strength of that bond ; every instinct they have tells them not to abandon it . 
 and because they 're so screwed up now , they ca n't think past instinct . 
 they ca n't think , period . 
 they 're just emotions , going in every direction . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with them ? '' 
 `` this is how we end , if we 're not careful . '' 
 cautiously , i said , `` you mean , we end up ... crazy ? '' 
 `` unhinged . 
 unstable . 
 it comes from being in the human world but not of it . '' 
 she gave me a pointed look that suggested i was headed in that direction . 
 `` you 've spent time with vic since he was a child , '' i said . 
 vic was her biggest vulnerability ; i was n't above using that . 
 she smiled softly when i said his name . 
 `` you can watch them . 
 you can even - you can love . '' 
 her voice broke on the last word . 
 `` but you ca n't live . 
 the damage comes from pretending that you can . '' 
 `` i 'm not pretending , '' i insisted . 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 `` bianca , if you would just come talk to christopher - '' fear swept through me again , and i shook my head . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 maxie 's usual sarcastic demeanor had faded into genuine pleading . 
 `` bianca , you 're important to the wraiths . 
 do n't you see that ? 
 the stuff you can do that the rest of us ca n't - it 's not just so much smoke and fog . 
 it means something . 
 you mean something . '' 
 my curiosity began to get the better of my fear , but just when i wanted to ask her more , she grew desperate , almost scarily so , and said , `` we need you . '' 
 `` you 're not the only ones who need me . '' 
 i swept out of the great hall , afraid she was going to chase me . 
 but she let me go . 
 `` you 're sure you want to learn how to do this ? '' 
 patrice folded her arms , studying me as severely as mrs. bethany had during midterms . 
 the real answer was that no , i was n't sure . 
 this was , in its way , as scary as training with black cross had been - it never felt good , learning how to attack creatures like myself . 
 the only way to make myself free was to give myself power . 
 and that meant learning how to strike back against the wraiths , if necessary . 
 `` let 's begin , '' i said . 
 patrice pulled out her compact . 
 `` to catch a wraith , '' she said , `` you first have to detect that a wraith is there . '' 
 `` done and done . '' 
 when patrice glared at me for interrupting , i said , `` i 've kind of got an edge there , okay ? '' 
 `` i see your point . 
 now , watch . '' 
 she opened the mirror slowly , with exaggerated movements , like a preschool teacher . 
 i would have laughed if the situation had been any less serious and the setting had been any less spooky . 
 outside , heavy cold rain had been falling steadily the whole day , draining the sky of any color besides gray . 
 although patrice had turned on both of the lamps in her dorm room , they were n't able to counteract the gloom outside . 
 one of the lights danced on the open mirror , sending a little spot of brightness darting around the stones surrounding us . 
 `` you need 112 to open the mirror after you 've sensed ilie presence of the wraith , but before you 've actually confronted it . 
 this isn ' t like mrs. bethany 's traps - a wraith can resist a mirror , if she knows ilie attack is coming . '' 
 my amusement got the better of the moment . 
 when i started grinning , patrice cocked her head in confusion . 
 i said , `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just so weird hearing you talk about attacking people . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you know , are n't you worried about breaking a nail or something ? '' 
 patrice looked annoyed , until she realized i was only teasing . 
 she raised one eyebrow . 
 `` did you see me worrying about iliat while i kicked some black cross butt ? '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' i said . 
 `` mind you , i 'm a bit out of practice . 
 i 've done all the killing i ever intend to do . 
 drinking blood can give you skanky breath . 
 if you ask me , evernight academy should add a hygiene class , because some people here ? 
 they have n't gotten that critical message . 
 i was n't interested in gossiping about who had blood - induced halitosis . 
 `` you 've ... done a lot of killing ? '' 
 `` not so much , '' patrice said easily . 
 `` just a few slave owners and redneck sheriffs , back in the day . 
 before the emancipation proclamation , if you were black in this country , there was always someone trying to take your freedom away . 
 literally , i mean ; figuratively , it never stops . 
 after i became a vampire , i did n't have to put up with that anymore . '' 
 pretty much every vampire i 'd ever known had killed sometimes - except my parents , iliough maybe they just had n't shared with me . 
 even the best of them , like patrice and balthazar , had drunk from , and murdered , humans . 
 balthazar 's kills had mostly taken place during wartime , and i could n't blame patrice for striking back at anyone who wanted to enslave her . 
 but just the same , they 'd drunk human blood . 
 balthazar had even murdered his own sister , with consequences that continued to haunt us . 
 did that mean iliere was really no choice for lucas ? 
 that sooner or later , he would inevitably snap ? 
 knowing him as i did , i was sure he 'd never be able to forgive himself . 
 no wonder he was desperate to find a way beyond the bloodlust . 
 mrs. bethany was offering him the thing he 113 wanted most in the world . 
 `` can we get back to ilie lesson here ? '' 
 patrice tapped one perfect , lilac - tinted nail against the mirror . 
 `` okay . 
 it helps if you have some sense of a draft , or a breeze , some idea of which way ilie wraith is traveling . 
 if iliey 're visible , easy . 
 if not , you have to pay close attention to things like the chill in the air , any signs of frost , so on and so forili . 
 and you want to angle the mirror perpendicular to that direction . '' 
 `` you just hold it out iliere like a catcher 's mitt , and ilie wraith flies right into it ? '' 
 `` if only . '' 
 patrice hesitated . 
 `` essentially , you have to iliink of your own death . '' 
 caught short , i said , `` why ? '' 
 `` not just think about . 
 be one with . 
 it 's like you have to reach inside yourself and sort of . . . 
 resonate on a dead frequency , i guess . 
 find the way that you 're like the wraiths . 
 that 's what pulls them into the mirror - they 're coming close to you , because of that resonance , and then that weird mirror mojo does its own thing . '' 
 she did n't have to explain `` weird mirror mojo '' to me . 
 one of the unsolvable puzzles of being a vampire was why mirrors stopped showing reflections when a vampire had been too long without blood ; the phenomenon did n't make any sense , and yet it was true . 
 the simple physical property of reflection had a power to it none of us understood , but au of us respected . 
 patrice continued , `` it should work better for you than for vampires , as i guess you can resonate with other wraiths pretty easily . 
 but this trick would n't be much use to a human . '' 
 `` okay . 
 sounds simple enough . '' 
 `` sounds simple , '' she scoffed . 
 `` it takes a few tries to learn , or at least it did for me . '' 
 our eyes met , and her mask of indifference fell . 
 i must have looked terrified . 
 `` they frighten me , '' i said . 
 `` i am one , but - i do n't know . '' 
 `` you 're strong , bianca . '' 
 patrice spoke in a whisper . 
 i 'd never seen her this serious before , or this sincere . 
 `` stronger than i ever would 've thought . 
 for somebody so young . 
 if anybody can face them down , it 's you . '' 
 `` i do n't know ifl 'm scared they 'll hurt me , or . . . '' 
 `` or what ? '' 
 `` or if they 'll take me away from here , from lucas and the rest of you . 
 keep me from ever coming back . '' 
 patrice shook her head . 
 the lamp behind her made her curls seem to glow . 
 `` not you . 
 i know you 'll always find your way home . '' 
 i wished i could be as certain . 
 seeing my reluctance , patrice sat up and smoothed her tailored uniform back into perfect order . 
 `` what we need to do is give you more of a home to come back to . '' 
 114 `` where are we going ? '' 
 lucas asked as i led him up the winding stairs of the guys ' tower . 
 `` is this more fun than astronomy ? '' 
 `` you always acted like you were interested in my astronomy ! '' 
 `` i was . 
 just more interested in you . '' 
 `` it 's a secret , '' i said , ruffling his hair as a cool breeze . 
 `` you 'll see when we get there . '' 
 samuel younger came down the stairs as we went up , and i could sense lucas tensing as they came close to each other . 
 samuel said , `` talking to yourself , freak ? '' 
 `` sometimes that 's what you 've got ta do for some intelligent conversation , '' lucas answered . 
 samuel flipped him off but kept going down the stairs . 
 once we were truly alone again , i said , `` we 've got to watch that . '' 
 `` we do okay . 
 besides , it 's crazy what ijeople wo n't notice . '' 
 by this time lucas and i were almost to the top of the tower - the old records room . 
 `` anyway , patrice and i were thinking that it 's not good for any of us to be alone so much . '' 
 `` i 'm never alone as long as i 've got you . '' 
 as lucas said this , he opened the door to reveal the group gathered within : patrice , who was smoothing a scarf on one of the dusty tru : nks before sitting on it ; vic and ranulf , who seemed to have brought his movie posters and an inflatable chair ; and balthazar , who was blowing smoke from his cigarette out the window . 
 somebody 's ipod and speaker dock had been parked in the corner , turned up about as loud as it could be without attracting attention . 
 while lucas gaped at this , i whispered , `` we 'll always have each other - but we can have this , too . '' 
 `` hey , guys ! '' 
 vic was the first to spot us . 
 `` we thought we 'd try to cheer this place up . 
 nothing like some vintage elvis movie posters to add a touch of class . '' 
 `` i could make some other suggestions , '' patrice said , in a tone of voice that suggested `` a touch of class '' was not what had happened here . 
 but 115 she was smiling . 
 `` is this safe ? '' 
 lucas said . 
 balthazar stubbed out his cigarette on the stone windowsill . 
 `` i do n't see why not . 
 we might get caught , but they 'll probably think we 're just hanging out up here . '' 
 `` and we are going to do some hanging out , '' i said , `` but seriously , we need a place mrs. bethany does n't know about . 
 a place to ... strategize . 
 figure out what she 's up to . 
 find a way to communicate better with the wraiths . 
 all of that . 
 i ca n't just keep muttering to you guys between classes . '' 
 `` there 's no reason for anybody to realize bianca 's up here with us , '' patrice agreed . 
 `` and if someone overheard a lot of us talking , they would n't think anything of it . 
 she 's right . 
 if we keep meeting up with her one on one , it sounds like we 've started talking to ourselves , and that makes people wonder . 
 besides , bianca can leave something here to help anchor her . 
 it would be good for her to be hooked in to a place , as well as to people . ' '' 
 vic 's initial cheer had faded somewhat , and he and lucas studied each other warily . 
 lucas said , `` i 'm not sure about - about this . '' 
 about being around vic , he meant . 
 about being around any human for long . 
 vic blurted out , `` i 'm daubed . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 lucas looked confused ; i couldn ' t blame him . 
 `` i mean , i got my parents to send me some holy water , which took , like , some serious explaining , and now i think they believe i want to become a priest , which , come on , hardly , but they sent it . 
 i keep it in a cologne bottle on my desk . 
 and now i 'm daubed . '' 
 vic yanked open the neck of his shirt ; his hula - girl painted tie swung slightly . 
 `` holy water . 
 daubed all over my neck . 
 so even if you did lose it and bite me , which i 'm hoping you 're not going to do , it would burn . 
 like biting into a - a ... jalapeno pepper . 
 me equals jalapeno pepper . 
 so you 'd back off immediately . '' 
 he glanced around at the rest of us . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` urn , maybe ? '' 
 that was as much as patrice could come up with ; the rest of us had nothing . 
 lucas obviously was as nonplussed as we were , but slowly , he nodded . 
 `` you know , weirdly , that helps . 
 i do n't think we should be alone up 116 here , but - yeah . 
 okay . '' 
 vic relaxed a little . 
 there was still distance between them , but less . 
 maybe lucas could get the hang of being around a human if it was one he could n't easily bite ; maybe their friendship could start to heal . 
 `` come on , man . 
 i have n't kicked your ass at chess in more than a year . 
 time for you to learn some humility . '' 
 ranulf said , `` he now challenges you because he can no longer defeat me . '' 
 vic mock - shoved him away from the chessboard . 
 lucas handed me my bracelet , and i slipped it on , taking form again . 
 for the first time in what felt like forever , i could just spend time witl1 my friends like anybody else . 
 it was as close to normal as i could possibly get . 
 `` this is going to work . 
 you ' 11see . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 lucas said . 
 but i knew he remained uneasy about vic and the rest of it . 
 give it time , i told myself , and him , too . 
 as dusk came earlier and the leaves began to cover the ground more tl1ickly than the branches of trees , lucas gave me back my bracelet for good . 
 he kept my brooch , so i could reach him at any time . 
 but , at patrice 's suggestion , i hid a small box beneath a loose stone in the wall , and i stored the bracelet there . 
 that way i could reach it anytime i wanted to turn solid . 
 `` if anything happened to me or my stuff , i would n't want you to be stuck , '' lucas said as he placed it into my hand . 
 `` nothing 's going to happen , '' i insisted , but i knew he was right . 
 i just couldn ' t have guessed how quickly events would prove it . 
 later that night , lucas and i decided it was time for me to try entering his dreams again . 
 `` this time i 'll know you 're coming , '' he said , obviously trying hard to psych himself up for it . 
 `` that 's going to help me break out of the pattern of the nightmare . '' 
 his one assumption - the way he matter - of - factly said nightmar told me that all his dreams were nightmares , now . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' i said . 
 although i felt sure it was true , it felt a little like a lie . 
 i had n't mentioned the mysterious scratches i 'd received during his dream about the fight with erich . 
 they had stopped hurting very quickly and had completely vanished after only a few days . 
 besides , they were only scratches . 
 how much could something like that injure me ? 
 117 lucas , i decided , was already too worried about me . 
 if i got some kind of mystical bruise or scratch while visiting his dreams , it would n't mean much afterward - but if he was concerned about it before we began , it could infect his mind and maybe his dreams . 
 he needed an escape from that anxiety , not another reason for it . 
 i knew it was best to remain silent . 
 after hours , i drifted downward into lucas 's and balthazar 's room , where they were clearly in the last stages of getting ready for bed . 
 i did n't announce myself - i knew lucas would sense my presence - but wished i had when balthazar promptly stripped off his uniform . 
 his whole uniform . 
 `` uh , balthazar ? '' 
 lucas said . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 balthazar threw his boxers in the laundry hamper . 
 i was trying hard not to look , but what sliver of a view i 'd gotten was exactly the kind of thing that made me want to look more . 
 `` you get that we 're not exactly alone , right ? '' 
 balthazar froze for a second , then quickly grabbed a pillow and held it in front of himself . 
 `` when i said that about following me into the shower , i was joking . 
 bianca ! '' 
 i traced a shaky word in lines of frost across their window : sorry ! 
 lucas scowled . 
 `` when were you two joking about her showering with you ? '' 
 balthazar , trying to get his bathrobe on without dropping the pillow , scowled right back . 
 `` i 'm going to the communal bathrooms for privacy . 
 which is pathetic , but that 's what we 're stuck with . '' 
 he grabbed his pajamas and hurried out . 
 into lucas 's ear , i whispered , `` i was n't talking about showering with balthazar . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , flopping back onto the bed . 
 `` i trust you . 
 i just like giving him hell sometimes . 
 it 's fun . '' 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he nodded , taking a deep breath , as if already trying to calm himself toward sleep . 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's try it . '' 
 within half an hour , lucas was sound asleep , and balthazar was apparently taking the world 's longest shower . 
 i waited for the rapid movements of lucas 's eyelids and thick lashes before gathering myself together and taking the long . 
 deep dive into what i hoped would be the world of his dreams . 
 that world took substance around me . 
 however , my triumph faded as i realized where we were : in the shabby , abandoned movie theater where 118 lucas had been killed . 
 he stood several steps ahead of me in the lobby . 
 one hand clutched a stake , and the other covered his nose and mouth . 
 i did n't understand why until i smelled smoke and realized that was the reason for the haze around us . 
 from the movie screen came a warm flickering that i knew was n't a movie - it was a fire . 
 yeah , it 's another nightmare , i realized . 
 now to see if i can wake him up . 
 before i could speak , lucas said , `` charity . '' 
 `` hello , baby . '' 
 charity emerged from the shadows . 
 she did n't say baby like it meant honey or sweetheart , more like she was talking about an actual infant . 
 the firelight danced in her pale curls . 
 her long , lacy dress was clean for once - only in dreams . 
 `` how is my dear baby tonight ? '' 
 `` let me go , '' he said . 
 his voice broke on the words . 
 `` cuuldu ' l ifl wauted lu . '' 
 site wiled liiuwpltautly . 
 `` aud i duu ' l wautlu . '' 
 `` lucas , '' i said . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 do n't look at her . 
 she 's just a dream . 
 look at me . '' 
 but he did n't look at me . 
 i stepped between him and charity , hoping to break the dream spell that kept him from fully recognizing me , but it did no good . 
 he only looked through me , as ifl were n't even there . 
 `` are you searching for bianca ? '' 
 charity 's concern would have sounded genuine to anyone who did n't actually know her . 
 `` she might be trapped in the fire . 
 you must save her ! '' 
 lucas ran from her , straight toward the flames . 
 as i whirled to go after him , charity said , `` he 's mine now , bianca . 
 you 'll never have him again . '' 
 how was it possible for charity to see me when lucas hadn ' 1 been aware of my presence , when she was only part of his nightmare ? 
 her eyes locked with mine . 
 her smile changed character until it was less defiant , more conspiratorial . 
 almost as if we were in on a joke together . 
 how could that happen in lucas 's dream ? 
 it could n't . 
 i realized she was n't part of his nightmare . 
 she was the cause . 
 this was n't a dream of charity ; this was the real thing . 
 here . 
 in lucas 's mind . 
 she must have seen the realization on my face , because her grin widened , showing her fangs . 
 `` i told you . 
 lucas is mine . '' 
 chapter twelve `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 i shouted over the crackling of the fire . 
 `` how are you in lucas 's head ? '' 
 `` i created lucas . '' 
 charity twirled her finger through one of her pale blond curls as though she were flirting . 
 having died at fourteen , she looked too young to be so evil , baby softness in her cheeks . 
 `` i sired him . 
 that means his mind and all the rest of him belong to me now , and forever . '' 
 nobody had ever mentioned this to me before . 
 it would never have applied in my case ; as the child of t \ vo vampires , i would never have required a `` sire '' to turn me . 
 although i 'd always known the relationship carried with it a powerful bond , i 'd never realized it extended so far . 
 `` do n't make him dream about this . '' 
 i hated to beg her , but i did n't know what else to do . 
 `` he has enough to deal with . '' 
 charity cocked her head to one side as she came closer to me , creepy and threatening even in the realm of imagination . 
 `` i did n't create this nightmare . 
 lucas did . 
 or was it you ? 
 you 're the one he keeps trying to save . '' 
 from deep within the burning theater , i heard my own scream . 
 `` over and over , they threaten you , '' charity said . 
 `` over and over , they kill you . 
 some vampires dream about their murders ; others about their remorse . 
 but not lucas . 
 the phantoms of his mind , the thousands of nightmares he endures , they 're all about one thing - losing you time and again . '' 
 and in waking . 
 lucas did n't have the comfort of knowing that it was only a dream . 
 i really had died . 
 being with him as a ghost could n't entirely heal that wound . 
 by making him experience that moment over and over , charity kept lucas on the verge of losing it and turning into a killer . 
 `` they 're his dreams , `` she whispered into my ear . 
 `` i just make them worse . 
 i make the fire burn hotter and the blood flow faster , so he can be even more afraid for you . 
 instead of drinking his blood , now i drink his pain . '' 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` his pain , and yours . '' 
 i ran from her into the theater . 
 it would 've been faster to just think myself to lucas 's side , but quickly i remembered that , in dream worlds , i 12o did n't have ghostly powers . 
 the old human limitations held me fast . 
 as i ran , i heard lucas calling , `` hang on , bianca ! 
 i 'm coming ! '' 
 the scene in the theater horrified me . 
 the movie screen itself was on fire , falling away from the wall in blackening strips that writhed and curled in the heat . 
 plastic cornices on the walls were melting into bubbling streaks . 
 and in the seats , which had been empty on that night , were dead bodies , lying crumpled and bloody . 
 every one of their throats had been torn out . 
 they 're the victims of vampires , i realized . 
 the ones lucas has seen . 
 the ones he 's scared he 'll create . 
 some of the corpses were on fire , too . 
 disgusted and nauseated , i stumbled away from the corpses and fell ! 
 backward . 
 as i hit the ground , i felt the sharp lash of fire across my calf . 
 with a gasp i pushed myself up again to see a red , blistering weal just under my knee ; a piece of still - smoldering wood on the ground must have burned me . 
 the danger was becoming more real . 
 i had to get us out of here . 
 `` lucas ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 once again , i heard my own voice - yet not mine - calling his name as well . 
 pushing my way through the smoke , eyes itching and throat raw , i finally caught a glimpse of lucas . 
 he was at the very front of the theater , where part of the ceiling had collapsed into a jumble of metal and timbers . 
 beneath the timbers , face creased in pain , lay ... me . 
 or lucas 's dream version of me , anyway . 
 my long red hair was splayed out on the floor , mirroring the blood pooling around my abdomen . 
 the dream me was even more badly burned and blistered than i was . 
 it was hard even to look at her . 
 `` lucas , no ! 
 i 'm over here ! '' 
 i came closer , willing him to hear me . 
 and he did , turning to see me . 
 but his expression remained desperate , and he said only , `` it 's okay , bianca . 
 i 'm going to get you out . '' 
 still he had n't broken through the powerful spell of the dream , but now i understood why lucas believed in his illusions so desperately : charity made sure that he would . 
 determined to get through to him , i started forward , but a cold hand closed fast around my wrist . 
 `` he has to learn that he ca n't save you , '' charity said . 
 her blond curls were the color of the firelight . 
 `` and you have to learn that you ca n't save 121 him , because he 's mine . '' 
 a searing jolt of power arced through me , like electrocution times a thousand . 
 i screamed harder than i 'd known i could scream - and the pain stopped . 
 i opened my eyes to see that i was once again hovering in lucas 's and balthazar 's dorm room . 
 charity had flung me out of the dream . 
 `` what the - '' balthazar pushed himself upright just as lucas 's eyes opened wide . 
 i must have screamed in this world as well as in the dream . 
 lucas saw me and blinked hard . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 `` i 'm here ! '' 
 i flung myself into his arms and hugged him tightly , willing myself to be as solid as possible . 
 ` tm okay ! '' 
 `` in the dream , you were - that did n't happen to you , did it ? 
 you didrn ' t have to go through that ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , thinking only of the broken , burned version of me he had glimpsed . 
 but as my leg brushed against the side of his bed , i winced , and lucas looked down in concern . 
 silvery blood oozed through the pajama bottoms , revealing the long line of the burn against my calf . 
 `` bianca ! '' 
 lucas slid off the bed to look more closely . 
 he peeled the pajamas upward , which stung - but made him wince harder . 
 of course ; my wraith 's blood was burning him . 
 he just did n't care . 
 wisps of smoke drifted up from his singed fingers as he examined the wound . 
 `` this really happened . 
 things that happen in my dreams have the power to hurt you . '' 
 `` it 'll heal . 
 it 's not anything major . 
 once i 've faded out once , the worst will be over . '' 
 although i tried to sound reassuring , my voice shook despite myself . 
 the burn hurt worse than i 'd thought i could hurt , after death . 
 balthazar , rubbing his head sleepily , wandered over to our side of the room . 
 his eyes widened as he saw my burn . 
 `` how did that happen ? '' 
 i turned to him , fear instantly transmuted into anger . 
 `` why did n't you tell us about a vampire 's sire ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 taken aback by my shift in mood , balthazar did n't seem to know how to answer . 
 `` you both know what a sire is , right ? 
 i do n't see how you could not know . '' 
 `` i mean , the part about the sire coming into your dreams . '' 
 i rose from lucas 's bed and stepped closer to balthazar , close enough to make him m straighten up . 
 my leg ached , but i ignored it . 
 `` why did n't you tell us that ? '' 
 balthazar 's face fell , and he sagged backward as he realized what i was saying . 
 `` damn it , '' he swore . 
 `` charity . '' 
 lucas went pale . 
 `` wait - in my dreams - charity 's rear '' `` did you assume your sainted little sister would n't do that ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` or was it just more fun to let us figure it out for ourselves ? '' 
 balthazar 's mood shifted so fast it startled me . 
 he got right in my face , his expression twisted in anger darker than i 'd ever seen from him before . 
 `` first , nothing about this is fun . 
 not for you , not for lucas , and not for me . '' 
 `` then why did n't you - '' `` shut . 
 up . '' 
 balthazar said . 
 lucas rose from his knees at that , maybe ready to get into the argument and defend me , but balthazar never glanced toward him . 
 our eyes remained locked . 
 `` second , i did n't warn you guys because it does n't happen often . 
 the sire has to really want to mess with somebody like that , and besides , doing that - it weakens a vampire for days . 
 maybe weeks . 
 that 's why nobody does it . 
 if she 's taking over lucas 's dreams every night . 
 charity would have to be . . . 
 beyond obsessed . '' 
 `` in other words , charity , '' i retorted . 
 lucas was n't part of the argument , but what we were saying had its own effect on him . 
 `` charity 's really in my head , '' he murmured . 
 `` she 's the one making me so crazy . '' 
 balthazar grimaced . 
 `` yeah , she is . 
 it 's sick and twisted - and yes , i understand by now that charity 's sick . 
 even when i miss her , even when i think i can fix her - '' his voice broke , but he kept going . 
 `` i always know she 's broken . '' 
 `` balthazar - '' i said , more softly . 
 trying to give him an out . 
 `` god , you can not be quiet and let anyone else talk , can you ? '' 
 he got closer to me - closer than he 'd been at any moment other than the times we 'd kissed . 
 `` third , and last , i want you to get one thing straight . 
 whatever mistakes i made after you died , i 'm not the one who turned lucas . 
 charity did . 
 and i did n't force you to let lucas rise from the dead . 
 so stop blaming me for it . '' 
 with that , balthazar turned , grabbed his bathrobe and cigarettes , and went for the door . 
 i wanted to protest but knew it would just drive him 122 over the edge . 
 but lucas said , `` hey . 
 balthazar . '' 
 he paused with his hand on the knob . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you should n't have yelled . '' 
 lucas winced and then said , `` but you 're not wrong . '' 
 balthazar simply stalked out , slamming the door behind him . 
 down the hall , i could hear a couple of people muttering about the noise . 
 lucas , hearing it , too , said , `` hope nobody recognized your name when he was shouting . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you took his side . '' 
 `` i 'm on your side . 
 no matter what . '' 
 lucas put his hands on my shoulders , which were solid enough to bear the touch . 
 `` but you 've been giving him attitude at the slightest excuse ever since - ever since we died , i guess . 
 that is never going to stop sounding weird . '' 
 `` he should n't have taken you along that night ! '' 
 `` i should n't have gone with him . 
 but it was my choice , my call . 
 besides - '' lucas clearly did n't like admitting this , but he went ahead . 
 `` losing you hit him almost as hard as it did me . 
 if i was n't responsible for my actions that day . 
 neither was he . '' 
 i drifted slightly farther from lucas , allowing myself to float to the windowsill , where i could tuck my knees against my chest . 
 hugging myself like a child , i realized , a kind of comfort i had n't outgrown . 
 at the moment , i felt like there were way too many things i should ' ve outgrown , but had n't . 
 `` i know how badly you want someone to blame , '' lucas said . 
 `` someone who 's here , now , so you can give him hell . 
 but balthazar 's our friend , bianca . 
 he 's done a lot for us . '' 
 slowly i nodded . 
 `` i feel stupid . '' 
 `` you 're not stupid . '' 
 after a moment he said , `` you thought about destroying me before i rose as a vampire . 
 balthazar talked you out of it . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 but i let him talk me out of it . '' 
 the heaviness of that unspoken question was too much to bear , now ; i had to know . 
 `` did i do the wrong thing ? 
 lucas , i love you so much . 
 i could n't let you go . 
 but i realize ... i realize it 's what you probably wanted . '' 
 `` it 's done . 
 i know you made your choices out of love . 
 that 's enough , '' lucas said . 
 although i still felt horrible - both for even having considered destroying him , and for not carrying through - i knew he forgave me . 
 i wished it truly could be enough . 
 `` i wish i could cry . '' 
 he caressed my hand , as though he could massage away my sadness . 
 `` how 's your leg ? '' 
 `` not great . '' 
 i flexed it and winced . 
 `` if i fade out , it will help , though . 
 , . 
 `` we 're never doing this again , '' lucas said . 
 his face was stark . 
 `` if charity 's able to hurt you in my dreams , then you ca n't come into them . '' 
 i remembered the first dream we had shared , back when lucas had still been alive . 
 we 'd held each other in a bookstore where we ' d hung out , while the night sky miraculously stretched out overhead . 
 it had been so beautiful and romantic ; at the time , i had thought it was the only consolation we would have for my being dead . 
 now that , too , was lost . 
 my face must have fallen , because lucas kissed my forehead , my cheek , and then my mouth , the lightest and most tender of touches . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he did n't look as depressed as i felt . 
 given the burdens on him , i would 've thought the realization that charity was torturing him in his dreams would be all it took to send him over the edge . 
 instead , he seemed steadier . 
 `` i mean , think about it . 
 balthazar 's heard of this , the invading of the dreams . 
 apparently lots of vampires have . 
 that means they might know some way to handle it . 
 a block or - or something like that . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 that was encouraging . 
 i brightened despite myself . 
 `` it 's possible . '' 
 `` even if balthazar does n't know how to push charity back , mrs. bethany probably does . 
 cotta be something , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' i said absently . 
 suddenly charity did n't seem like the only problem we had to deal with . 
 lucas wanted to trust mrs. bethany . 
 he wanted to share his deepest fears with her , and to turn to her for help . 
 she might be able to save him when i could n't . 
 and in that moment , i could n't blame him for not caring about the traps she 'd laid . 
 it seemed to me as though everyone and everything - charity , mrs. bethany , and his own blood hunger - was fighting me for lucas 's soul . 
 the next morning , i returned to the fencing room . 
 although the class had ended for the day , the room was n't empty . 
 balthazar stood in his fencing whites , mask pushed atop his head as he wiped sweat from his brow . 
 after the others in the class had fmished , he 'd stayed behind to practice his 12e technique - to fight invisible opponents that existed only in his mind . 
 i remembered that he often did that when he was stressed out ; last night had been as rough for him as for me . 
 slowly i took shape in the far corner of the room , giving him plenty of time to leave if he d id n't want to talk . 
 he stayed . 
 within a few seconds we were face - to - face again , though the whole broad expanse of the wooden floor lay between us . 
 `` hey , '' i began . 
 lame , but maybe it was better to keep it simple at first . 
 `` hello . '' 
 balthazar tested the weight of his blade in one hand , then the other , like the saber was new ro him instead of an old friend . 
 ` here to practice ? '' 
 `` i never was any good at fencing . '' 
 `` you learned a lot . 
 do n't knock yourself . '' 
 he could be kind to me , even now . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` i should n't have yelled at you last night . 
 i shouldn ' t have yelled at you about what happened to lucas , . 
 not ever . '' 
 balthazar took a halfhearted stab at a nearby dummy . 
 the steel curved into a thin arc under pressure . 
 `` i should n't have gone off on you like that . 
 you were injured , and clearly you were upset . '' 
 `` you did n't say anything that did n't need to be said . '' 
 `` but i could 've picked a better way to say it . '' 
 he slipped the mask off his head and tucked it under one arm as he walked closer to me . 
 the fencing whites had always been a good look for balthazar , and i remembered for a moment what it had felt like to be so close to him . 
 i could never regret choosing lucas , but that did n't mean i was n't aware of what i 'd lost when i chose . 
 as though he could read my thoughts , balthazar smiled . 
 `` friends again ? '' 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 i wanted to hug him , but that was probably a bad idea . 
 `` actually , most of the time , when you 're not upset , you 're very good about listening . '' 
 just as i was about to simply say thanks - and be relieved , since his words last night about me not shutting up had stung - i realized he might be giving me an opening . 
 `` do i need to listen now ? '' 
 `` charity . '' 
 the name fell between us like a stone . 
 `` you were right when you said i was in denial about her . 
 you 've always been right about that . 
 and on some level , i 've always known . '' 
 already i could feel anger pricking its way back into my consciousness , but this time i forced myself to remember that it was charity i was angry at , not balthazar . 
 `` she 's your sister . '' 
 the words came out calm and steady , for which i was grateful . 
 `` you love her . 
 how could you help it ? '' 
 `` that 's no excuse for letting her run wild . 
 letting her hurt people . 
 or not making myself think about what she might be doing to lucas , and to you . '' 
 `` he did n't tell you about it , though . '' 
 lucas shared his feelings so openly with me that i 'd had to stop and realize that he was n't as free with everyone else ; even with the greater trust and liking between them now , lucas would never have thought to talk to balthazar about his bad dreams . 
 `` and you said charity 's weakening herself to do this . 
 i would n't have expected that either . '' 
 `` i 've heard him tossing and turning in his sleep for a month now , and i never put it together . 
 that was criminally stupid , and worth yelling at me about . '' 
 `` i 'm done yelling at you , okay ? 
 forever . '' 
 guilt slumped his shoulders and darkened his eyes , so i stepped closer and gently laid a hand on his arm . 
 `` you said yourself , invading people 's dreams like that - it 's rare . '' 
 balthazar nodded . 
 `` i 've never done it . 
 never had it done to me . 
 charity must be sleeping almost all the time , because it would be exhausting for her . 
 on the other hand , since she 's asleep , that means she gets to be there every single time lucas dreams . 
 damn it . '' 
 only one thing mattered . 
 `` is there a way to protect lucas against it ? 
 against her ? '' 
 `` not that i know of . 
 but let me think about it . '' 
 he studied my face for a few moments . 
 `` some of what you and lucas said last night , and that burn on your leg - it sounded like charity goes after you in the dreams , too . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` but she ca n't manipulate me as much as she does lucas . 
 i guess that 's because it 's his dream , and i 'm just visiting . '' 
 `` be careful , bianca . '' 
 balthazar 's voice was unexpectedly firm . 
 `` it 's lucas 's dream , and that probably does mean charity has more influence over his mind . 
 but when you 're in the dreams - that 's all of you , not just your subconscious . 
 that 's how you got burned last night . 
 i do n't know 127 how much worse you could get injured , but you should n't find out . '' 
 `` we 're not going to try it again , '' i admitted . 
 some of the sadness i felt must have showed , because balthazar became gentler again . 
 `` how does your leg feel ? '' 
 `` not great , but not terrible . '' 
 i pointed to show him i could move it . 
 whenever i became solid or nearly so , i could still sense the tight , prickly line against my calf , but the pain was n't as bad any longer . 
 other , pettier fears crept into my heart , and i blurted , `` do you think mrs. bethany knows how to get charity out of his dreams ? '' 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` why did that make you look . . . 
 relieved ? '' 
 `` it 's weird to feel like she can help him more than i can , '' i admitted . 
 `` that 's what we came to evernight academy for , though , right ? 
 to call on the experience of everyone here , give lucas a safe place to adjust ? 
 mrs. bethany is a large part of what keeps this school safe . '' 
 `` i do n't trust her . '' 
 `` i do n't exactly trust her either . 
 but i trust her dedication to this school and the vampires who come here . '' 
 `` as long as she 's hunting the wraiths , she 's our enemy . '' 
 balthazar paused . 
 `` we do n't know that . 
 there 's too much we do n't know . '' 
 `` well , at least we agree there . '' 
 he smiled , and despite my other uncertainties , it felt so good to know our friendship was mended . 
 after balthazar left to get ready for his afternoon classes , i went incorporeal and drifted through the school , deep in thought . 
 for a while i watched my dad teaching physics , scribbling out formulas on the board with so much energy that anybody who did n't know him well would miss the sadness in his eyes . 
 when i could n't take that anymore , i escaped to mr. yee 's modern technology class , where he was explaining to a group of older , out - of - touch vampires how to operate a washing machine . 
 as he lectured about the spin cycle , i curled in a vacant corner and mulled over everything we 'd learned - and everything we hadnt . 
 we needed to know how to keep charity out of lucas 's dreams , and whether i as a wraith could be hurt there , or perhaps help lucas through it . 
 we needed to know how many traps were in evernight academy , and their locations , so i could stay safe . 
 most important , we needed to know what mrs. bethany 's plans were , not only for the sake of the wraiths , but also to be sure whether or not she could be trusted . 
 none of the vampires i knew and trusted had that information or could ! 
 get it . 
 that meant that if i wanted those answers - i was going to have to confront my fears . 
 i would have to go to the wraiths . 
 determined , i straightened from my corner - to see half the class staring at me . 
 oh , crap , am i visible ?! 
 realized that i was n't , but that in my deep concentration on my new plan , i 'd allowed a deep lacing of frost to cover the wall and the windows . 
 to anybody in the know , that was as good as a huge blinking neon sign that said wraith found here . 
 `` mr. yee ! '' 
 someone yelped . 
 `` everyone remain calm , '' mr. yee said , though his normally unshakable mood was slipping into a full - on freakout . 
 `` we 'll summon mrs. bethany right away . '' 
 get out of here ! 
 i started thinking of the different places i felt connected to , all the `` subway stations '' that i was capable of traveling to in an instant . 
 something far away would be ideal right around now - and just as fast , i realized there was a way to get out of here and pursue my latest idea . 
 philadelphia . 
 vic 's house , where lucas and i lived together . 
 the attic room - instantly , evernight academy disappeared around me , swirling around like so much fog . 
 the vapor took new shape quickly and outlined the attic of vic 's home , with its comfortable clutter . 
 and vic 's mom , who was holding a couple bags of old clothes and staring right at me . 
 `` jerry ! '' 
 she screamed , dropping the bags and scurrying for the stairs . 
 `` it 's the ghost again ! 
 we have to call those people on cable tv ! '' 
 as the attic door shut , a voice behind me said , `` great , thanks . 
 now i 'm going to have camera crews running around up here , and a bunch of nerds pretending they know how i died . '' 
 `` hi , maxie , '' i said , turning to smile at her . 
 she did n't look thrilled to see me , at least not until i said what i 'd come for . 
 `` i 'm ready to meet christopher . '' 
 her entire face lit up . 
 `` you 're really doing it , '' maxie said . 
 `` you 're joining the wraiths . '' 
 chapter thirteen `` everything will be different , nowthatyou 're one of us . '' 
 maxie was aglow - literally - in a golden haze of joy . 
 `` wait and see . '' 
 `` i 've been one of you ever since i died . '' 
 `` not for real not while you were hanging - out with the vampires . 
 this is going to be so much better . '' 
 i did n't tell maxie that i had no intention of abandoning lucas or anybody else . 
 it felt uncomfortably like lying , and i was beyond tired of lies . 
 but i was n't ready to fully trust the wraiths just yet . 
 `` so , '' i began . 
 `` how do we do this ? 
 finding christopher , i mean . '' 
 i glanced around . 
 `` i do n't guess he hangs out in this attic with you . '' 
 `` of course not , '' she scoffed . 
 `` like christopher spends any time on the mortal plane . '' 
 then she paused . 
 `` i take that back , actually . 
 he comes here every once in a while . '' 
 `` to the attic ? '' 
 `` to the mortal plane , dumbass . 
 but he comes here only when he has a purpose . 
 like trying to help a lost wraith find his way . 
 stuff like that . 
 christopher does n't haunt . '' 
 `` like you , you mean ? '' 
 i intended that to be a jab at maxie , to point out that she had n't surrendered the mortal world entirely either . 
 but she nodded , solemn and sweet . 
 `` if i know you 're coming with us , then i can let this place go at last . 
 even - even vic . '' 
 she gazed down at the spot on the carpet where vic had once sat to summon her . 
 `` that 's going to be hard , but i can do it . '' 
 `` why me ? 
 you and i know each other , i guess , but we 're hardly best friends - '' '' `` ll let christopher explain . '' 
 maxie practically sparkled with anticipation . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i could n't answer that question without knowing what i was supposed to be ready for . 
 `` maybe ? '' 
 `` fade out with me . 
 come on . '' 
 for some reason , it was difficult for me to fade out this time , where it never had been before . 
 maybe it was a little like trying to fall asleep when it 's important to get some rest , so of course you lie awake for hours . 
 but as maxie turned into a pure glow , i managed to follow her lead . 
 slowly the 130 world around us turned into nothing but blue - gray mist , a mysterious haze that had no up , no down , no center , and no boundaries . 
 maxie 's glow twinkled slightly amid the swirling mists , then was gone . 
 okay , bianca . 
 her voice was n't something i heard so much anymore - just something i perceived without really knowing how . 
 you have to jet go . 
 let go of what ? 
 everything . 
 you mean , lucas and my friends - no , 1mean , everything . 
 of yourself just pull it all tight within yourself and then . . . 
 jet go . 
 what was that supposed to mean ? 
 without much optimism , i tried doing what maxie said . 
 as i tried it , though , i started to get some sense of it - and then i let go . 
 it was terrifying . 
 like discovering you had the ability to make your heart stop beating , or to make gravity stop working . 
 to turn every law of the universe upside down . 
 there was n't any blue - gray mist now ; there was only total nothingness , both alien and yet weirdly familiar , like something so vast that i 'd simply never been able to see it before , though it had always been around me . 
 i floated free within my mind - or something 's mind not entirely myself any longer . 
 will i ever be able to get back ? 
 at that moment , it seemed like there could be no returning from something like this . 
 was this what lay on the other side of the traps ? 
 lucas , i 'm sorry , i did n't realize what this would mean . 
 then i heard another voice , deeper and masculine : `` be here . '' 
 instantly , i was myself again . 
 i stood on ground , saw light , had a body . 
 as i blinked , this new place took shape around me , and at first the only thing i could do was stare . 
 how can i describe it ? 
 i stood in the heart of a city , amid an enormous bustling crowd , that was simultaneously the most terrifying and the most beautiful place i 'd ever seen . 
 a brilliantly painted greek temple stood in front of us , next to a squat , sturdy stone turret and , beyond that , a small grove of plum trees with thick clouds of clover beneath the branches . 
 beyond them were skyscrapers , houses , tents , hills , a castle , a chalet - every kind of structure and landscape imaginable , some glorious , others in ruins . 
 next to the cobblestone road maxie and i stood upon wound a small , silt 131 brown river , rushing so rapidly over rocks that i felt sure , if i fell in , i would be swept away by the current . 
 around us thronged people in all kinds of dress , from jeans to victorian finery to bedouin robes to togas . 
 they could see me - a few glanced my way - but nobody approached . 
 my old timidity in crowds had returned a hundredfold , so i was grateful . 
 as i looked down at myself , i realized i was n't in the pajamas i 'd died in any longer . 
 `` it 's my green sweater ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` i could never fmd it after we moved to evernight.lt was my favorite - and hey , thesejeans - i loved them , too , but ... did n't i outgrow them ? '' 
 `` pretty much everything you 've ever lost can come back to you here , '' maxie said , preening in a thick furry coat . 
 her hair was sleekly bobbed now , and she wore shiny silver shoes with buckles - the height of flapper fashion . 
 this is what she 'd looked like when she was alive , i realized , when she 'd been at her happiest . '' 
 `` ll warn you now - that includes some of the bad stuff along with the good stuff . 
 you just never know . '' 
 now that i 'd wrapped my mind around something as mundane as our clothes , i began to comprehend the broader implications of what we were seeing . 
 `` maxie , are we . . . 
 no , this can ' t be heaven . '' 
 i felt sure heaven would n't be quite so dirty , and despite the beauty of many of the buildings around us , this place was filthy . 
 magnificent and yet vaguely disgusting - actually , it reminded me a lot of my first impression of new york city . 
 `` you have not yet reached paradise , '' said the masculine voice . 
 `` this is a place of refuge , i think , but i would never claim to understand it . 
 it 's best to accept where we are on its own terms . '' 
 i turned to see him - dressed in his nineteenth - century finery , with his long , thick brown hair . 
 he was an adult , but not quite middle - aged yet or , at least , he had n't been when he died . 
 his solid , firm - jawed face was like those i 'd seen in old - fashioned paintings of great soldiers or admirals , going into battle beneath improbably beautiful skies : broad shoulders , slim waist , firm gaze , and piercing eyes . 
 maxie grinned as she snuggled into her coat . 
 `` christopher , i brought bianca here with me . 
 bianca , this is christopher . '' 
 `` we 've met , '' i said , though that was inadequate to describe the strange ways in which our paths had crossed . 
 when he had first begun appearing to me during my junior year at evernight , he 'd threatened me so fearsomely that i 'd been terrified of him ; he 'd also prevented charity 's tribe from murdering me and lucas last summer . 
 i started at the beginning : ` tm pretty sure you two tried to kill me once . '' 
 christopher did n't deny it ; he did n't even seem fazed . 
 `` you had only so much life to live . 
 sooner or later , you would have become either a vampire or a wraith . 
 we came to you at evernight when you were drinking blood - becoming closer to your vampire self . '' 
 `` you guys wanted me for yourselves , '' i said . 
 `` and for your sake as well , '' christopher replied . 
 `` becoming a vampire would have been less a sacrifice for you than for most , but so much less than you have the potential to become . '' 
 `` besides , vampires are gross , '' maxie said . 
 i glared at her , but she just shrugged . 
 `` no offense , but come on . 
 they 're dead bodies . 
 walking around . 
 eww . '' 
 `` i assure you , that did not enter into my decision . '' 
 christopher looked slightly pained at maxie 's rudeness . 
 `` bianca , as a vampire , you would have been merely one among many . 
 as a wraith , you have powers beyond . 
 almost any other of our kind , and abilities you have only begun to grasp . '' 
 `` that 's why you saved me and lucas from charity this summer . 
 just to stop me from being turned into a vampire . 
 it 's never been - personal , for you . 
 killing me or saving me . '' 
 he looked amused . 
 `` how could it be personal when we have only just met ? '' 
 apparently he could see how angry that made me , because he quickly added , `` when you have been dead as long as i , your perspective is altered . 
 but no jess true . '' 
 great , i had centuries of undeath waiting for me before this was going to make sense . 
 i decided there was no point in freaking out about it , though . 
 i 'd become a wraith , and i had to deal with that reality . 
 christopher was the only person who could help me through it . 
 not the wraith leader , maxie had said - apparently there was no such thing . 
 but christopher was the most powerful among the wraiths , for reasons i had n't yet learned . 
 he not only had significant power oif his own , but he also seemed to suggest that i had greater powers still waiting to manifest . 
 discovering my own abilities , coming into my own as a wraith , meant accepting christopher . 
 i decided it was a smajj price to pay . 
 `` okay . 
 let bygones be bygones , or whatever . 
 i just want to understand . '' 
 `` will you walk with me ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 taking the hint , maxie waved good - bye to us , hurrying off to something that looked sort of like an old - fashioned soda shop . 
 one of her shiny buckled shoes caught on the cobblestone path , making her stumble - even here , it appeared , you could fall - but she caught herself . 
 that left christopher and 1alone in this mysterious place . 
 `` if we ' re not in heaven , '' i asked , `` how did we get . . . 
 here ? '' 
 `` those of us who have achieved clarity after death , who no longer need to haunt the mortal realms , bring that which we loved here with us . '' 
 christopher 's wavy brown hair ruffled in a soft breeze that smelled like the seashore - simultaneously fresh and foul . 
 on a hill in the distance ahead of us , i saw an egyptian riding along the road in a chariot , just ahead of an old pickup truck that spewed exhaust from the tailpipe . 
 `` not the people we loved , alas . 
 each individual 's soul is their possession alone . 
 but the places that mattered to us , keepsakes of the best and worst of our lives - all of that finds us here , where everything lost can be found once again . '' 
 the land of lost things , i thought . 
 it seemed to be as good a name for it as anything else . 
 `` if ghosts can come here , why do they bother hanging around and haunting people ? 
 this beats lurking in somebody 's attic . '' 
 `` not every wraith can come here . '' 
 his dark eyes could be unsettlingly intense , more so now that he was in his human form . 
 `` most of us are created by murder . 
 and only the foulest of murders , none committed in the heat of passion - but premeditated , selfish killings that arise from betrayal . '' 
 christopher 's voice grew rough , and i wondered what had happened to him , and to maxie . 
 to the many ghosts bustling around us on the road . 
 composed again , he continued . 
 `` that kind of death is not easily overcome . 
 most of us awaken as wraith alone , unable to believe that we have passed away , that we have been so betrayed , or that heaven is delayed for us , perhaps forever . 
 sometimes we see those we thought loved us glorying in our demise . 
 is it any wonder that so many become - twisted ? 
 sick inside ? '' 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 the thought of it turned my stomach . 
 `` did that happen to you ? 
 somebody you loved - '' `` friends , '' he said quietly . 
 `` men i thought faithful comrades had plotted against me . 
 of those i held dearest to me , only my beloved wife was true . 
 and the worst fate awaited her . '' 
 that sounded seriously bad . 
 i wondered if the friends had killed her , too , or left her alone and broke to starve - back in those days , a woman on her own might not have been able to get a job , or maybe inherit money , though i was n't sure about that . 
 or maybe one of the killers had insinuated himself into her life and married her , without her ever knowing that he was responsible for christopher 's death . 
 any of those options seemed too terrible to contemplate , and i definitely was n't going to pry further . 
 i changed the subject , asking , `` so , you 're telling me that most wraiths get stuck . 
 they ca n't get over their own murders , and it drives them crazy . '' 
 `` essentially . 
 if our murderers are caught , it provides some sense of justice . 
 that helps many of us let go and ascend . '' 
 christopher looked up above us longingly - still , after all this time , waiting for heaven . 
 `` but many are not caught , and for others , justice is not enough to heal the wounds . 
 those remain on earth forever , growing sicker and stranger , and sometimes dangerous . 
 for many of them , there is no chance that they could ever be restored enough to come here . 
 they become as evil as the forces that destroyed them . '' 
 `` i 've heard of wraiths like that , '' i said . 
 `` but the rest of you - everyone here - why are n't they in heaven ? 
 or whatever it is that follows this ? '' 
 `` they remain anchored to the mortal world . '' 
 `` anchored . '' 
 i 'd been hearing that a lot lately . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 christopher led me around a fountain , ornate and elaborate , perhaps something from the renaissance ; instead of burbling merrily , the water inside was motionless and dank , overgrown with algae that slicked the stone . 
 `` an anchor is someone or something that ties you to the earth . 
 the best anchors keep you sane and strong . 
 they can be sources of deep , lasting love . '' 
 he glanced back at the soda shop where we 'd left maxie ; i could just make her form out as she sat at the counter , drinking something out of a tall frosted glass . 
 `` maxine was on the verge of leaving the mortal world behind entirely when the small boy in her house discovered her and began reading her stories . '' 
 `` vic . '' 
 `` yes . 
 her love for him has tethered her to the earth once more - much to her chagrin , i suspect . '' 
 for the first time , i heard a glint of humor in christopher 's voice . 
 `` although she will not admit this , she could let go of him at any time , and trust that his life will be happy and full . 
 but she has already lingered eighty years after death ; another decade , or several , will make little difference . '' 
 `` the best anchors , you said . 
 there are other ones - bad ones ? '' 
 `` sometimes it is not love that binds us to our anchors , but obsession . 
 sickness . 
 when that happens , the wraith becomes more twisted over time . '' 
 as christopher spoke , i remembered the wraith that had haunted and tormented raquel . 
 no doubt this was an example of what he was talking about . 
 `` the danger of this is so great that even wraiths better anchored , such as maxine and myself , consider any ties to the mortal world fundamentally unfortunate . 
 even we hope to move on someday , as hard as it will be to let our loved ones go . '' 
 i started to ask him whether i was anchored , but i already knew that i was . 
 lucas , my parents , balthazar , vic , ranulf , patrice , raquel - they kept me down - to - earth , so to speak . 
 even if i could let go of them , i did n't want to . 
 one thought occurred to me and made me frown . 
 `` who is the ancient egyptian guy hanging on to ? '' 
 christopher smiled . 
 `` he helped to design the pyramids and remains rather proud of them . 
 i believe he likes to return to giza in the mornings 136 and watch the sun rise there . '' 
 in the distant sky , darker clouds swirled , illuminated briefly by a flash that might have been lightning . 
 `` okay , you guys really wanted me here , '' i said . 
 `` what is it that makes me so powerful or special or whatever ? 
 besides being able to form a body , i mean . 
 though that is pretty awesome . '' 
 he faced me , serious once more . 
 `` you already know that you can travel within all our realms , and you can do so more easily than any of us - even me . '' 
 `` maxie can do it . '' 
 `` at times , but not easily , save for when she is in your presence , '' christopher said . 
 `` you are able to sense other wraiths , something very few of us can do . 
 sometimes we are invisible to one another , particularly for those who remain lost and frightened in the mortal world . 
 once we have established communication with each other , it is easier , but it is never easy . '' 
 i realized what he was getting at . 
 `` you want me to help you find those people . 
 to make them let go of the sickness inside before they get permanently screwed up . '' 
 `` while they have a chance to come here and find restoration . '' 
 `` you want me to help ftnd every ghost in the whole world ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` most can fmd their way here eventually . 
 but those who can not - for their sakes , and the sakes of those they come to torment on earth - you have the power to reach them . 
 to guide them . 
 to help them ftnd their way here . 
 you can travel between worlds , bianca . 
 you are a bridge between the worlds of the living and the dead . '' 
 those distant clouds were n't so distant anymore ; the entire sky seemed to me to be darkening , although sunlight shone down on everyone else . 
 the cool , damp breeze that rushed through my hair did n't touch anybody else on the road . 
 i realized that the skies above were , for each person here , a reflection of their spirit ; as i grew more afraid and unsure , the storm came . 
 christopher did n't answer . 
 `` this work is important . 
 it will demand much of you . 
 but the good you could do is beyond measure . '' 
 i agreed with him . 
 it sounded worthwhile - more than worthwhile . 
 important . 
 the kind of thing i 'd wanted to spend my afterlife doing . 
 but the 137 idea of letting go of the people i loved ! 
 held me back . 
 `` why do n't you do it ? 
 you 're so super - powerful and everything , according to maxie . '' 
 `` i was not born to the wraiths . 
 i have not your natural power . 
 my talents are meaner , and self - taught over time . '' 
 `` why do n't you train everyone else here to do the same ? '' 
 `` they are not as powerfully anchored to the mortal realm as i have been , '' he said . 
 his gaze was distant . 
 `` my connection has lasted longer than most , more intimately than most . '' 
 lightning flashed , and i felt rain begin to patter onto my hair and jeans , despite the fact that nobody else was getting wet . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm sorry - i see that what you want me to be is a good thing - that it 's important - but i can ' t. '' christopher did n't look as discouraged by my refusal as i would 've thought . 
 `` you have time to consider the matter , '' he said . 
 he was right , of course ; we literally had eternity to go over this . 
 as i edged away from him , already eager to leave , christopher hurriedly added , `` you need not be entirely separate from those you care for , even here . 
 your powers would allow you to hear them . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 not that this was that big a selling point for me - l mean , i wanted to remain with the people i loved , not just able to reach them . 
 but knowing that those bonds survived here was encouraging , somehow . 
 apparently encouraged himself , christopher nodded . 
 `` reach into the depths of your own spirit until you find , within , someone that you love . '' 
 what was that supposed to mean , reach into my own spirit ? 
 then i remembered what i 'd thought about the skies overhead . 
 they were a reflection of my innermost self ; i should concentrate on the darkening storm . 
 i closed my eyes but could still see the brilliance of the lightning through my eyelids . 
 cold raindrops spattered on my face , but i held out my arms , accepting the storm as part of myself . 
 and then my eyes flew open wide as i heard my name - as a scream . 
 someone 's in trouble , i realized . 
 my first thought was lucas , but i realized that the voice in the thunder sounded familiar . 
 it sounded like my father . 
 chapter fourteen `` dad , '' i whispered . 
 i could hear him - though `` hear '' was n't quite the right word . 
 it was more a matter of sensing him , feeling his fear and anguish through the sound of the thunder and the chill of the wind whipping around me . 
 `` will you go to him ? '' 
 christopher did n't seem to approve or disapprove ; he just watched , like he was taking my measure . 
 could i face my father again ? 
 face the risk that he would reject me forever , or turn against me ? 
 then the thunder rumbled one more time , and i felt the fear in my father 's heart more strongly than the fear in my own . 
 something terrible was happening , something much more important than the answers i needed . 
 if christopher turned against me now - if he tried to trap me in this place - i had to find dad if i could . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going . '' 
 christopher was n't angry ; that was the first moment i felt that perhaps i could trust him . 
 `` then i shall hope for your return . '' 
 'til come back , '' i promised christopher . 
 `` i want to know more . '' 
 `` and i want to tell you . '' 
 `` how do i reach my father ? '' 
 `` when the person you love wishes for you so desperately , '' christopher said , `` you will find it impossible to be anywhere else . '' 
 his face looked sorrowful as he said it , so much so that i wondered who had wished for him . 
 but i could n't worry about christopher for very long , not with dad in danger or despair or whatever it was that clouded the skies above . 
 i could n't worry about myself , either . 
 my fears had been only a kind of selfishness ; i saw that now . 
 this land of lost things gave everything . 
 whether seen or unseen , a brilliant clarity . 
 i closed my eyes and thought of my father . 
 for the first time in months - since i 'd died - ! 
 did n't just think of the idea of him . 
 i let myself remember so fully that it filled my heart . 
 tucking me into bed when i was a baby . 
 slow - dancing with mom while dinah washington played on his old hi - fi . 
 making small talk with our neighbors in arrowwood in an effort to fit in . 
 taking me to the beach because i loved it , though he hated sunlight . 
 griping about having to get up early in the morning , with his hair sticking out all over the place . 
 acting out his resurrection from the dead m with one of my old ken dolls , to an audience of one very interested little girl and some highly surprised barbies . 
 everything that made him dad . 
 when i opened my eyes . 
 he was there . 
 or rather , i was back with him , at evernight . 
 night had fallen - no telling how long it had been since i 'd left . 
 it had felt like minutes but could have been hours or days . 
 my father stood in the center of the school library - the library ! 
 i thought , terrified , remembering the trap that had been here . 
 but lucas had taken it away , and perhaps it had n't been replaced . 
 i felt fine . 
 my father , on the other hand , seemed to be bracing himself against high winds . 
 no , not `` seemed to '' - a gale - force wind had whipped up inside the room itself , each gust ice cold . 
 i realized he was trapped ; ice had formed between the bookshelves , creating a ten - foot - high frozen maze with my father in the center and no way out . 
 a blue - gray shimmering form could just be made out in the far corner , someone skinny to the point of boniness , very old , almost bald . 
 it could 've been male or female . 
 it was certainly a wraith . 
 `` it tries , '' the thing wheezed , in a voice that sounded like cracking ice . 
 i recognized it : one of the plotters . 
 `` it tries , but it 's too stupid to know what it 's doing wrong . '' 
 dad said , `` you 'll be pulled in . 
 you ca n't hold out forever . '' 
 but he did n't sound like he believed it . 
 his eyes did n't look angry or scared , just sad - the way they had when i 'd seen him on the couch when i first retumed to evernight . 
 the way lucas had looked when he went into his fatal battle with charity . 
 i realized why dad had been thinking about me , calling to me ; my father believed he was about to die his final death . 
 he 'd been trying to lure this ghost into a trap , i realized - i could see one of the coppery seashell boxes at his feet , cracked in two and now apparently powerless . 
 why was dad helping mrs. bethany ? 
 the wheeze turned into a cackle . 
 `` freeze it cold . 
 break it in two . 
 no more head , no more noise . '' 
 dad 's face did n't change , because he probably did n't know what the wraith was talking about . 
 but i knew . 
 i 'd used the power myself - the ability to reach inside a vampire and turn its body to ice . 
 i 'd seen how powerfully it could hurt vampires , and i did n't doubt it could kill them . 
 the wraith swooped down , the malevolent spirit from my worst nightmares , the embodiment of everything that still terrified me about ghosts . 
 i did n't know what to do ; i did n't know if i had any power over other wraiths . 
 could it destroy me as well as my father ? 
 what could i do ? 
 instantly , i thought of my coral bracelet and the records room , and my spirit rematerialized tl1ere . 
 vic , who was sitting on a beanbag and reading a comic book , half snorted , half choked on a mouthful of soda when i appeared . 
 `` whoa ! 
 bianca , you got ta warn a guy . '' 
 i 'd hoped for lucas or balthazar . 
 but i 'd take whatever help i could get ; even a simple interruption might make the wraith leave . 
 `` my dad 's in trouble - get to the library ! 
 quick ! '' 
 just as fast , i thought of the gargoyle outside my old window - and i was there , hovering outside my old room . 
 it was worth scaring the crap out of my mother if that got her down to the library to help dad , but she was n't there . 
 frustrated , i zipped down along the stones , seeking a familiar face ; luckily , patrice was there , alone , putting the fmishing touches on her manicure . 
 i realized she was the one i 'd needed all along . 
 i frosted the window so fast it shook , and she opened it to thrust her head outside . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 `` the library ! 
 bring your mirror , now ! '' 
 i have to get back to dad . 
 but the tether i 'd traveled along before had snapped ; that kind of connection did n't seem to work here in the mortal world . 
 i 'd have to take the long way . 
 the only way to avoid leaving ice in my wake was to calm down and slow down , but this was no time for that . 
 i zoomed through patrice 's room and down the hallways , ignoring the frost and the eerie blue lights that rippled around me , eve n when the other students began to scream . 
 skye , emerging from the shower , nearly dropped her towel , and i could see the wet strands of her hair freezing into icy points . 
 sony , i thought absently . 
 i could n't worry about anyone right now besides my father . 
 my journey to the library probably took no more than a couple of minutes , but it seemed like eternity . 
 when i went through the doors , a quick swipe of wood through my whole body , i cotuld see flickering blue light reflecting on and within what was now an enormous cage of ice . 
 somewhere in the middle of that crackling , sparkling prison was my dad . 
 i pushed through the ice to the center . 
 there , to my horror , i saw dad - swaying on his feet , leaning back at an impossible angle , pushing desperately against the fist of ice that was buried within his chest . 
 the wraith cackled . 
 `` stupid it . 
 stupid it . '' 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 not knowing what else to do , i threw myself into it from the side , as hard as i could . 
 it simply went filmy and let me topple thr - ough . 
 but i at least provided a distraction ; the wraith pulled its icy hand from my father and turned toward me . 
 it was the ugliest thing i 'd ever seen . 
 at first i 'd thought it was only old , but old people did n't look like this . 
 the `` flesh '' that it manifested did n't seem to fit any longer - its lower eyelids sagged so far that i could see the full eye socket , and its lips drooped over its jaws , down by its chin . 
 i backed away untili touched the ice ; i could 've gone through it , but that would have meant abandoning dad . 
 i heard a soft voice say , disbelieving , `` bianca ? '' 
 dad ! 
 but i could n't look at him right now ; this wraith needed to stay focused on me and not him . 
 the wraith 's round , eerie eyes lit up - literally , as though they were gas flames . 
 i had no idea we could do that and seriously did not want to start . 
 a baby , '' it said . 
 `` i might be new to this , but i promise you , i can - '' what could i do ? 
 `` i can out - haunt you any day if you do n't leave him alone . '' 
 `` you can take us there , '' it said , shuffling forward with an eagerness that was slightly childlike , and tl1erefore more disturbing . 
 was this what christopher had meant ? 
 that i was supposed to help creepy things like this ? 
 then i felt bad . 
 if i had n't been able to create a body , and interact once more with the people who loved me , maybe i would have turned creepy , too . 
 if it could go to that land of lost things . 
 maybe it would stop being so scary and start to look like itself again . 
 if i 'd thought working with dead people was going to be pretty all the time - especially given some of the dead people i 'd already known - then that was stupid of me . 
 til take you , '' i promised . 
 i did n't exactly know how to do that yet , but already i understood that if i could n't pick it up quickly , christopher could help me . 
 `` just let this man go , okay ? 
 we can go there right now . '' 
 the wraith hesitated . 
 maybe it could n't believe its good luck . 
 but then its flaming eyes narrowed , slits of unearthly ftre blue . 
 `` it does n't get to run away , '' it hissed . 
 `` not after what it did . '' 
 `` i do n't care what he was doing . 
 it does n't matter ! 
 you can leave this place now . 
 isn ' t that more important ? '' 
 it did n't answer me . 
 the wraith had to think , i realized - it was divided between hope and hate , unable to choose one over the other . 
 softly . 
 i added , `` where we 're going . . . 
 it can be beautiful . 
 it 's better than haunting a school . 
 anyway . 
 you have to see it . 
 come on . '' 
 i forced myself to offer my hand to the wraith , though its fingers were clawlike and bony . 
 for another moment , the wraith hesitated . 
 i dared to glance over at my father and wished instantly that i had n't ; tears were running down his cheeks as he looked up at me , and i thought maybe he was crying because i had turned into something so horrible - something just like this creature that had tried to hurt him . 
 then the wraith suddenly shrieked in rage . 
 `` it does n't ! 
 it does n't get to run away . '' 
 hate had won . 
 it dove for my father , and i tried to get between them . 
 i could n't stop the wraith , exactly , but it was like we somehow tangled up in each other neither of us solid , neither of us distinct . 
 like fluffernutter in a sandwich : a gooey , sticky mess . 
 the wraith 's spirit curled around my own , sicker and sadder than i 'd realized , and i shuddered in revulsion . 
 `` get away from me ! '' 
 i pushed the wraith away , and it worked . 
 the ghost sprang above us , a coiled blue streak of electricity just beneath the ceiling . 
 i had a sudden image of it coming down as a thunderbolt . 
 who would it strike first ? 
 my dad or me ? 
 and what would happen when it did ? 
 then the wraith screamed , a pitiful sound , and dissolved into bluish smoke that swirled down toward the library door . 
 within a second the light had gone out , and there was silence . 
 i realized what must have happened . 
 `` patrice ? '' 
 i called . 
 `` it 's in my new compact ! '' 
 she called from beyond the ice . 
 `` which just happens to be estee lauder . 
 this thing had better not break it . '' 
 then i heard the sound of vic 's amazed laughter . 
 `` that was incredibly cool . '' 
 `` i try , '' she said . 
 the ice walls surrounded my father and me . 
 although i guessed they 'd melt eventually , i did n't like the idea of leaving him in there alone to be 143 found in the morning . 
 `` can you guys break us out ? '' 
 `` yeah , hang on ! '' 
 vic sounded excited about the whole process . 
 `` i 'm gon na use the emergency fire ax . 
 try out some of ranulf 's moves . '' 
 as i heard them going into the hallway for the fire ax , i knew that there was no other way to avoid it . 
 bracing myself , i turned to once again face my father . 
 `` bianca , '' he said again . 
 his cheeks were wet from tears . 
 `` it 's ... really you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my voice sounded so small . 
 `` dad , i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` sony ? 
 n dad grabbed me and hugged me so hard that my semisolid body almost gave way , but i held on . 
 `` my baby girl . 
 you do n't have to be sorry for anything . 
 you 're here . 
 you 're here . '' 
 and i knew that he did n't care that i was a wraith , or that i 'd been so stupid and wrong about so many things , or that we 'd fought the last time we talked . 
 my dad still loved me . 
 if i could have cried , i would have . 
 as it was , the joy that spread through me turned into light and warmth , a soft glow like a candle - and i could feel it soothing my father 's pain . 
 `` i missed you , `` i whispered . 
 `` i missed you and mom so much . '' 
 `` why did n't you come to us ? '' 
 `` i was scared you wouldn ' t want me anymore . 
 now that i 'm a wraith . '' 
 `` you 're my daughter . 
 that never changes . '' 
 dad 's face was creased with pain . 
 `` we hated them so much ... were so afraid of them . 
 of course you were scared . 
 we were so - obstinate and shortsighted about this . 
 we should have talked to you . '' 
 `` if i 'd known ... '' i did n't know what i would 've done , if i had known . 
 would i have turned into a vampire ? 
 chosen my present path ? 
 i could n't tell , and it did n't matter . 
 we were here now . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ran away like that . 
 i know i scared you . '' 
 my dad 's expression suggested that i had n't known the half of it , but he never stopped embracing me . 
 `` it 's that boy . 
 he was always a bad influence on you - '' `` dad , no . 
 i made the decision to go on my own . 
 lucas helped take care of me , but it was my choice . 
 if you ' re angry about it - and i do n't blame you - you have to understand that it was my fault . 
 only mine . '' 
 dad stroked my hair , but said nothing . 
 i knew he did n't believe me . 
 `` lucas needs your help , '' i whispered . 
 `` he 's having trouble with the transition . 
 he hates what he is and ca n't get over it . 
 you could help him . '' 
 `` that 's too much to ask . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm asking . '' 
 but after what i 'd put my father through in the past few months , maybe i did n't have the right to demand a whole lot , at least not now . 
 `` when you ' re ready . 
 think about it . '' 
 the library doors squeaked , and i heard vic yell , `` fire brigade 's here ! '' 
 my dad and i took hands as vic and patrice started chopping their way through the ice . 
 they were laughing - apparently it was wet , messy work - which let me whisper to him privately , `` can we go see mom ? '' 
 i thought he 'd be so thrilled , but instead he hesitated . 
 `` we should wait . 
 not long - i need to think about how best to handle it . '' 
 my heart sank . 
 `` you think mom would n't be able to accept this . 
 she hates the wraiths . 
 is she going to hate me ? '' 
 `` your mother loves you forever , '' dad said fiercely . 
 `` just like me . 
 but her experiences with the wraiths have been worse than most . 
 after the great fire of london , and the mass destruction of the ghosts there , the few wraiths that remained were - insane does n't even come close . 
 celia lingered for days with her injuries , and would ' ve died if i had n't - well . 
 while she was trapped between life and death , she had some terrifying experiences . 
 you 'll never know how hard it was for her to agree to the brief encounter with the wraith that created you . 
 this stuff frightens her pretty badly to this day . '' 
 `` mom would be . . . 
 scared of me ? '' 
 `` we 'll get her through it , '' he promised . 
 already dad looked better than i 'd seen him since before i died . 
 younger , if that was possible . 
 there was a light in his eyes , and no shadow behind his smile . 
 `` i do n't want to leave her mourning for much -lsb- onger . 
 it would be - i 'm not going to do that to her . 
 i just want to think about how best we can break it to her . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 that sounded fair . 
 as badly as i wanted to see mom again , to double the happiness i felt at this moment , i trusted dad 's judgment . 
 he 'd loved my mother for about four hundred years now ; he knew her better than anyone else ever could . 
 `` wait - you said the great fire of london . 
 it destroyed all the ghosts ? '' 
 he seized my arms . 
 `` bianca , do n't you know ? 
 if a wraith is trapped within a structure , and that structure burns , the wraith is destroyed . 
 you 145 have to be careful . 
 fire could hurt you . '' 
 dad might have been lecturing my three - year - old self about why it was a bad idea to touch the stove while it was on . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i do n't intend to let myself get trapped . '' 
 the ice wall closest to us shattered , and dad and i jumped back . 
 standing on the other side , sprinkled with flakes of ice , were vic and patrice . 
 vic , who held the ax , looked like he 'd never had more fun in his life ; patri - ce gingerly brushed dripping curls of hair away from her eyes . 
 `` how 's it going , mr. olivier ? '' 
 vic said cheerfully . 
 patrice held out her expensive compact , which was completely caked with ice . 
 `` any ideas what i should do with this thing ? 
 i 'm not putting it back in my makeup bag . '' 
 dad stared at them , then at me , like he was just putting something together . 
 `` wait - your friends , they all . . . 
 know about you ? 
 spend time with you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 it took me a little while to figure out how to make it work , but we got it . '' 
 `` lucas ... balthazar . . . '' 
 dad 's forehead furrowed . 
 `` yes , they 've always known , '' i said . 
 `` and do n't get mad at them for not telling you . 
 that was my decision , too . '' 
 `` oh , man , awkward . '' 
 vic tucked the ax behind his back , like that was the reason things might be difficult . 
 `` should we go ? '' 
 `` i 'm not taking this with me , '' patrice said , holding the ice - coated compact out from her with two fingers , like it smelled bad . 
 `` give it to me . '' 
 dad saw her hesitate and sighed . 
 `` we 'll return the mirror later . '' 
 patrice looked doubtful , but she handed over the compact . 
 `` well , that 's done . 
 glad to help . 
 see you later , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 vic just nodded at us and sheepishly followed patrice out . 
 as they went , i saw her staring down disapprovingly at her nails ; apparently , in her rush to help me , she 'd wrecked her new manicure . 
 for patrice , that was a sign of real dedication . 
 my father and i were alone again . 
 wordlessly , we stepped out of the winding blocks of ice into a snug corner of the library , where a small sofa sat between two of the tallest bookshelves . 
 it was a good place to sit and talk , though at the moment we weren ' t talking . 
 there was so much to say 146 that i could n't think of where to begin ; i started with the place where tonight 's confrontation had begun . 
 `` what were you doing with that box ? '' 
 `` trying to catch a wraith . '' 
 his eyes tracked over to the far wall of the library - the place where the trap had been set . 
 dad 's hands closed around mine , like he was unwilling to let me go even for a second . 
 `` it had settled in here without - '' `` without being caught . 
 because the trap was broken . '' 
 i realized for the first time that my father might already have the answers i 'd been searching for . 
 `` dad , what 's going on ? 
 why is mrs. bethany setting these traps for the wraiths ? '' 
 `` to stop them , of course . 
 they 're not all like you . 
 most of them are like that thing we just captured . '' 
 `` no , most of them are more like me - ourselves , mostly , the people that we were before . 
 you just do n't see those . 
 they do n't haunt places the same way . '' 
 he opened his mouth as if to argue , before realizing that i really did know more about this . 
 `` if we 'd understood that . . . '' 
 although dad had trailed off , i could follow his train of thought . 
 `` you would have told me about my turning into a wraith , would n't you ? 
 but because you thought it meant being some scary , horrible thing - something that could never be your daughter again . '' 
 `` i could n't stand to say the words . 
 and we thought it would scare you . '' 
 dad looked very tired . 
 `` we just tried to make vampirism as attractive as possible . 
 there did n't seem to be any reason for you to question it , or turn away . '' 
 not until i fejj in jove with a human , i thought . 
 that was the real source of their anger toward lucas , i realized ; it did n't have much to do with anything lucas had done or not done . 
 he had given me an alternative - made me question everything i 'd taken for granted . 
 i wondered if dad realized it , too . 
 i turned back to the subject . 
 `` anyway , most ghosts are n't as crazy as that one . '' 
 `` most of the ones here seem to be , '' he pointed out . 
 `` remember the autumn ball last year ? '' 
 like i 'd forget nearly being crushed by massive spears of falling ice . 
 `` if they 're so dangerous , why is mrs. bethany bringing them here in the first place ? '' 
 `` bringing them here ? 
 bianca , what do you mean ? '' 
 quickly i explained the secret common element that every human student at evernight shared - each of them came from a haunted home and 147 was connected to a ghost or ghosts . 
 some of those ghosts had followed them here . 
 `` that 's why she let humans in to begin with . 
 to bring the ghosts . '' 
 `` you do n't think it might have something to do with the fact that human students help the vampire students acclimate to the present day ? 
 there 's no better preparation for fitting in with humanity than actually spending time with human beings . '' 
 he squeezed my hands tightly , like he thought i was being a little silly , but did n't mind . 
 but i shook my head . 
 w maybe that helps . 
 but seriously , dad , every single one of the humans ? 
 there are n't that many wraiths . 
 not even close . 
 there 's no way that 's a coincidence . '' 
 `` so she has some purpose behind trapping ghosts . 
 some purpose we do n't know . 
 i 'll try to find out . '' 
 my father 's expression changed then , turning sharp and distant , like he was mad at someone not in the room . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 `` it 's just - nothing . '' 
 he turned his attention back to me and hugged me tightly . 
 my glow of happiness lit up the entire library and turned it to gold . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 nothing matters except having you back . '' 
 we stayed with each other for a while after that , but we 'd already said the most important things . 
 soon he would tell mom ; until then , the two of us agreed to meet up after his classes so we could at least spend a few minutes a day together checking in , finding out how to navigate being father and daughter now that so much had changed . 
 it was a place to start , and i felt like all we needed was that beginning . 
 when , after midnight , my father finally went up to his rooms , i felt exhausted - like i needed ! 
 to `` fade out '' for a while , the closest i could get to sleeping . 
 but i knew i had more important things to do . 
 though i had now met christopher , and had changed my mind about being scared of all ghosts , i 'd just gotten a big wake - up call about how dangerous they could be to the people i loved . 
 i 'd struck back against a wraith once now ; it was time to discover what else i could do , without patrice by my side . 
 whatever else black cmss had done to me , they 'd made me a fighter . 
 it was past time for me to act like one . 
 of course , to test myself in a fight , i needed a wraith to fight with . 
 but for a few days now , id had a candidate in mind - one ghost that i knew 148 absolutely , positively used his powers in the most evil way . 
 that sounded like a good place to start . 
 `` that 's awesome , '' lucas said as he sat on the stone steps with me the next afternoon . 
 `` i mean it , bianca . 
 it 's great that your father knows , and it 's going to be good between you and your parents . '' 
 his eyes were shadowed as he said it . 
 i knew that had nothing to do with his feeling about my reconciliation with dad ; it was the memory of kate 's brutal attacks that hurt him now . 
 the cruelty of her rejection struck me harder now that i , too , had faced my father - ! 
 knew the fear and vulnerability of that moment . 
 lucas had shown even more courage and faith than i had ; his trust in her had been immediate and total . 
 his reward had been betrayal . 
 i could n't imagine how much that must have hurt . 
 `` your mom might come around , '' i said softly . 
 `` given time . '' 
 lucas smiled grimly as he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm nothing but a monster to her now . 
 never will be anything else . '' 
 i touched his face . 
 `` you 're not a monster . '' 
 `` yes , i am . 
 got the fangs to prove it . '' 
 `` then you 're not only a monster . 
 you 're also a good man . '' 
 i smiled , scattering a sof t glow around us in the stairwell . 
 hopefully that had helped him , but i thought it would be a good idea to change the subject , too . 
 `` so , what do you think of my plan ? '' 
 `` i hate it . '' 
 `` you think it 's a bad idea ? '' 
 `` no , '' he admitted . 
 `` it 's a good idea . 
 you 've got to go up against a wraith sometime , and i ca n't think of a better candidate than that creep . 
 but it 's dangerous . 
 i hate the fact that i ca n't protect you . '' 
 `` i can protect myself . '' 
 an unwilling smile spread across lucas 's face . 
 `` i know that . 
 i trust you . 
 and i 've seen what you can do when you set your mind to it . 
 but i always wanted to be the one looking out for you , you know ? 
 i 've got ta learn to let you fight your own battles - at least the ones i ca n't fight for you . '' 
 understanding , i said , `` you just do n't have to like it . '' 
 `` exactly . . . '' 
 his voice trailed off as we heard footsteps on the stairs above us . 
 quickly i vanished , turning into a fine cloud of mist that could easily hide in a corner . 
 lucas stood up , adjusting his uniform sweater , and said to the unseen person , `` hey ! '' 
 his voice was a little too loud , an attempt at forced cheer , and it must have scared somebody who thought she was alone . 
 i heard a feminine cry of surprise , and then a thudding on the stairs . 
 lucas ran up , taking t \ vo steps at a time , as i followed behind . 
 there , uniform kilt practically around her waist and books scattered around , lay skye . 
 she scrambled into a sitting position when she saw lucas , tucking her kilt back into place as her cheeks flushed with embarrassment . 
 `` you scared me ! 
 i thought i was alone , '' she said . 
 `` and these stairs - they 're slippery - '' `` you do n't have to apologize for falling down , '' lucas said . 
 `` i startled you , and yeah , the steps suck . 
 you okay , skye ? '' 
 `` mostly just humiliated . '' 
 `` no need to be freaked out because of me . 
 so you 're okay . '' 
 he bent over , maybe to help her up or to pick up some of her books - and froze . 
 i saw it only a moment later . 
 skye had skinned her knee when she fell crisscrossing the pale skin of her knee were stripes of blood , beading up thicker by the moment . 
 lucas 's eyes narrowed , and i could see his entire body tense as he breathed in the scent . 
 skye saw it too and winced . 
 `` so , not just a bruise . 
 do n't guess you happen to have any band - aids on you ? '' 
 `` no , '' lucas said slowly . 
 his gaze - his whole being - was focused entirely on the blood . 
 as his jaw worked , i realized his fangs were threatening to emerge . 
 lucas , no . 
 lucas , snap out of it . 
 did i dare to materialize ? 
 it would scare the hell out of skye , but if lucas was about to bite her ... but he would n't . 
 he couldn ` t. `` of course you do n't have a band - aid . 
 guys do n't carry purses , '' skye said as if she were scolding herself . 
 she bent the leg , bringing the knee closer to her face - and his . 
 `` maybe i 've got a tissue in my backpack , but i think i left my ftrst - aid stuff in the stables . 
 let me check . '' 
 as she unzipped her backpack , her shining brown hair fell across her face and obscured her view of lucas . 
 i could feel temptation radiating from him like heat . 
 he wanted blood - her blood - this second . 
 he wanted it worse than anything else , enough to forget that i was watching , maybe enough to forget everything but his vampire hunger . 
 l made up my mind to appear and was gathering myself together to do it , when i heard someone else walk onto the floor above . 
 the click - clack 150 of footsteps made skye look up , though lucas never took his eyes off the bleeding wound . 
 `` miss tierney . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's rich voice echoed slightly in the stairwell . 
 i saw her appear first as a shadow in the darkness , as if she were made out of nothing but night . 
 `` i see you 've had an accident . 
 and mr. ross is helping you . '' 
 skye smiled unevenly . 
 `` yeah , tripped and fell . '' 
 as they spoke , lucas finally pulled himself together with a start . 
 he did n't seem to remember where he 'd been or how he 'd gotten here . 
 hurriedly he held out his arm to help skye to her feet . 
 mrs. bethany held out a lacy white handkerchief . 
 `` bandage it as best you can until you can get the first - aid kit . '' 
 `` it 's so pretty , '' skye protested , her fingers brushing over the delicate lace . 
 `` i do n't want to bleed on it . '' 
 `` if you rinse the linen in cold water as soon as possible , there will be little chance of any stain , `` mrs. bethany said . 
 `` and a ruined handkerchief would be infinitely preferable to a student bleeding profusely in the hallways . '' 
 obviously mrs. bethany knew better than to tempt the undead half of the student body . 
 skye thanked mrs. bethany and lucas as lucas returned her books to her backpack and handed it over . 
 just as she was leaving , she cast a curious glance at lucas , maybe realizing that he 'd hardly spoken a word since he 'd seen her skinned knee . 
 but she said nothing about it as she went limping back up toward her dorm room . 
 when mrs. bethany and lucas were again alone , except for me , she gave him a hard stare . 
 `` you found that difncult , did n't you ? '' 
 lucas just nodded . 
 he couldn ' t meet her eyes . 
 i knew that shame had to be consuming him from the inside out . 
 he hated himself for craving blood , and being tempted to attack a human - especially a human who had always been kind to him - would be unbearable . 
 `` take heart , mr. ross . '' 
 mrs. bethany put that familiar hand on his shoulder again . 
 `` there is a way beyond your present difficulty . '' 
 `` what , is there a way to stop vampires from wanting blood ? '' 
 he scoffed . '' ' 
 yes . '' 
 he stared at her in blank surprise , at least so far as i could tell ; i was too astonished to notice anything but my own shock . 
 wanting blood - that was what made a vampire a vampire . 
 besides , evernight academy was almost wholly made up of vampires who did n't 151 attack humans ; would n't they teach this kind of thing instead of driver 's ed !? 
 at lucas 's stunned response , mrs. bethany smiled thinly . 
 her fingers tightened on his shoulder . 
 `` a way to silence the bloodlust forever , '' she murmured . 
 `` it 's real . 
 and it 's going to be mine . '' 
 lucas was utterly still , staring up at her raptly . 
 `` teach me , '' he said . 
 `` when you 're ready . '' 
 she turned to go , but said , as she began to walk upstairs with her long skirts in her hands , `` i think that will be very soon . '' 
 when we were alone again , he whispered , `` is it real ? 
 bianca , can she be telling the truth ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the rest of the day passed in a weird sort of blur for me . 
 my anxiety about mrs. bethany 's increasing hold on lucas kept me from focusing properly on anything , including the task at hand . 
 but as night fell and lucas and my friends went to bed , i forced myself to get it together . 
 if i failed tonight , i would never have the courage to stand up to the wraiths again . 
 and that meant i might never be able to control my own destiny . 
 i concentrated on an object that had been meaningful to me during my life - a potential `` subway stop '' i could travel to at any time . 
 this would be tricky , though ; this object had n't belonged to me . 
 it was owned by someone else . 
 someone who maybe never wanted to see me again - but she was about to . 
 i filled my mind with the image , willing myself to see it , to be one with it : a braided , tawny leather bracelet . 
 evernight academy vanished . 
 everything around me went dark . 
 as i looked around , i could see a few points of illumination - strips of lights through venetian blinds , revealing the garish neon of a cheap hotel 's sign and blocky numerals on a digital alarm clock . 
 to my relief , this was a private room instead of a full black cross lair . 
 i 'd suspected as much , but all the same , it was better to know for sure . 
 i decided the room needed another light source and turned up my own glow , filling the room with soft blue light that outlined my spectral form . 
 now i could see the hotel bed , and the two figures who slept there . 
 one of them shifted beneath the covers , then sat bolt upright . 
 she blinked once , then said , `` bianca ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` hey , raquel . '' 
 chapter fifteen raquel stared at me , her short black hair rumpled and her eyes wide . 
 `` am i dreaming ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 she punched at the other person sleeping in the bed - her girlfriend , dana , who sat up slowly , rubbing her eyes . 
 `` what is it , babe ? '' 
 i brightened a little more , daring to take firmer shape . 
 `` hey , dana . '' 
 dana did a double take that , under other circumstances , would 've been funny . 
 `` are you here to haunt me ? '' 
 raquel asked . 
 she had scooted backward , against the headboard of the bed , like she wanted to get away . 
 one of her crazy - quilt montages had been pinned to the wall , a collection of magazine snippets and found objects that raquelliked to turn into art . 
 `` i knew it . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . '' 
 then i realized why raquellooked so scared and guilty ; she thought i remained angry about her having turned me in to black cross . 
 which i was , a little bit . 
 i had n't quite realized that until i saw her again , without any horde of black cross fighters to get in the way . 
 dana interrupted , `` how 's lucas doing ? 
 in riverton , he did n't look good . '' 
 `` he 's having a hard time . '' 
 that was totally inadequate for what lucas was going through , but i did n't know what else to say . 
 dana slumped , as if crushed . 
 she and lucas had grown up together - and she also had been indoctrinated by black cross , to the point where she would consider vampirism the worst possible fate . 
 maybe she was the only person who could fully comprehend the depth of lucas 's self - loathing now . 
 then her eyes fixed on mine , flashing with anger . 
 `` how come you did n't behead him ? '' 
 as horrible as that was to contemplate , i 'd considered it difficult enough to know my answer : `` because i 'd been a vampire myself . 
 i knew it was n't always the worst thing . 
 i thought maybe he could handle it , and maybe he can . '' 
 `` you were never anything but a vampire , '' dana shot back . 
 raquel watched us argue with wide eyes , as if afraid to remind either of us she was there . 
 `` how do you know what 's the worst thing ? 
 i know for damn sure that if i got changed , i 'd want somebody to make sure i never woke up undead . 
 it 's the most sacred promise we make to ourselves . 
 lucas and i promised each other that a thousand times . '' 
 she was breathing hard , her 153 outrage growing . 
 `` if you loved him , you 'd have done that for him . '' 
 it was a slap in the face , even though i knew lucas had forgiven me for it . 
 `` it 's easy to make promises . 
 but if you had been there - if you 'd seen lucas lying there dead , and knew that you could either lose him forever or talk to him again in just a couple of hours - it 's not that easy anymore . '' 
 once again , i wished it was possible for wraiths to cry ; it hurt to carry such a sad memory and have no way to vent my grief . 
 `` as difficult as this is for him , he has his friends . 
 he has me . 
 is that honestly worse than never having anything else , ever again ? '' 
 dana sat in silence for a few seconds . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she finally admitted . 
 `` but what i say goes , okay , babe ? '' 
 her eyes met raquel 's . 
 `` if i get changed into a vampire , you make sure i never , ever see the sunrise . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 raquel 's voice was so quiet , so sure , that her love for dana filled the room . 
 if lucas and i had ever talked about this - if i had made him that promise - could i have been strong enough to let him go ? 
 as strong as raquel ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 for a few long moments , raquel and dana looked only at each other , and raquel held dana 's hand tight . 
 but then dana turned back to me . 
 `` is that what you came to talk about ? 
 lucas ? ' 
 her tone softened slightly . 
 `` does he need to speak to me ? 
 because . . . 
 if you need me to sneak into that crazy vampire school for him , i 'll do it . '' 
 raquel blurted out , ; ; what are you guys doing back at evernight academy ? 
 are you nuts ? '' 
 then she shrank back again , still afraid of me . 
 `` it 's working out , sort of . 
 mrs. bethany was n't even angry . 
 it 's like she hates black cross so much that - she enjoys having taken lucas from them . '' 
 i had n't realized that until now , but i did n't doubt that was part of her reaction . 
 `` anyway , i would n't suggest showing up there as a black cross hunter . 
 but there 's another riverton trip coming up fairly soon . 
 unless ... would black cross come after him again , if he leaves campus ? '' 
 `` next time mrs. bethany 's going to have people there waiting for them , '' dana said , shaking her head . 
 `` black cross knows that . 
 if they ever run 154 into lucas again , they 'll turn on him in an instant , but they would n't target riverton after failing there the first time . '' 
 `` then that works . 
 maybe you could come to riverton again , dana . 
 lucas - ! 
 think he thinks you would n't want to see him . '' 
 `` that boy never did have any sense . '' 
 dana 's scowl told me that she loved lucas as much as ever . 
 ; ` name the day . 
 we 'll get there . '' 
 i took in our surroundings for the first time - a cheap but comfortable hotel room , with enough clutter around to show that they 'd been here for a while . 
 saving up money for private accommodations was impossible in black cross , where any money was supposed to belong to the group rather than the individual . 
 `` so , you guys really did it . 
 you left black cross for good . '' 
 `` not like we had much choice in the matter after we ' d fired at kate , '' raquel said . 
 for the first time , she met my eyes without flinching . 
 `` but we 'd do it again in a heartbeat . '' 
 then she winced , obviously afraid that was a tactless thing to say to a dead person . 
 dana sighed . 
 `` we started having doubts after what they did to you two in new york . 
 then , when they turned on lucas in philadelphia - that was the breaking point . 
 we lit out a couple weeks ago . 
 holed up here , but we 'll find a real place sometime . 
 we 're making minimum wage and feeling fine . '' 
 `` we might be eating ramen , '' raquel added , `` but we 're eating . '' 
 a weird silence fell in the room . 
 i began , `` raquel , i actually came here to talk to you . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 raquel was trembling , but she got out of bed . 
 she wore a beat - up old t - shirt and sweatpants - and of course the leather bracelet , the one i remembered so well it had possessed the power to draw me here . 
 `` bianca , i 'm so , so sorry . 
 you 'll never know how ... forget it , how i feel does n't matter . 
 you were a good friend to me , and i should 've protected you , and i did n't . 
 i suck . 
 if you want to haunt me or - or whatever , i know i deserve it . '' 
 i had n't realized how much i needed to hear that . 
 but there were also things i needed to say . 
 `` i lied to you . 
 i had my reasons , but still . 
 if i 'd told you the truth in the right way , maybe it would n't have been so bad . '' 
 `` that does n't excuse what i did , '' raquel said , her voice shaky . 
 she kept balling her hands into fists , so worked up that it startled me . 
 `` you could 've been killed . 
 i mean , killed killed . 
 you know what i mean . 
 when i realized what they were going to do - if i had known that , i would never have told . 
 not ever . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i always knew that , i think . 
 besides , you guys came through for lucas when it mattered the most . 
 that 's the main thing . '' 
 as i smiled unevenly at raquel , she tried to smile back . 
 the weight of her old betrayal hung between us , but lighter somehow than it had been before . 
 it was going to take more time to heal , but at least now it was all out in the open . 
 we were back on the same side . 
 everything else , i decided , could heal over time . 
 `` i did n't come here to talk to you about that , actually , '' i said . 
 that caught raquel up short . 
 after glancing at an equally bewildered dana , she said , `` then why are you here ? '' 
 `` the wraith who haunted your old house , '' i said , bracing myself for what was to come . 
 `` the one who hurt you . '' 
 raquel 's dark eyes searched mine , as if pleading with me not to bring up anything that painful . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` we 're going to take care of him - for good . '' 
 as it happened , dana and raquel were living in a suburb of boston , not terribly far from where raquel had grown up . 
 also , when they 'd left , they 'd taken one of the black cross vans with them . 
 `` some might call it stealing , '' dana said cheerfully as we piled into the old van , which smelled like gunpowder and fritos . 
 `` but seeing as how black cross stole it from a dead vampire in the first place , i think of it as repurposing the vehicle . 
 sounds nicer , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` looks like you repurposed some weapons , too . '' 
 i glanced over the armory in the back . 
 `` stakes , holy water , and ... is that a flamethrower ? '' 
 `` you never know when one will come in handy , '' raquel said , and i had to smile . 
 our joking around did n't last for long , though . 
 the closer we got to the house , the tenser raquel became . 
 she had shotgun in front ; i was the phantom in the backseat . 
 `` how is this going to work ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it 's pretty simple : i sort of did n't mention i had n't done this before . 
 no need to add to her nervousness , right ? 
 `` we just need a mirror . 
 does 156 one of you guys have a compact ? 
 you know , for powder , makeup ? '' 
 we were at a stoplight , which was why both dana and raquel were able to turn around and stare at me . 
 after a second , dana said , `` hi , have we met ? '' 
 `` okay , no makeup in the car , '' i said . 
 `` but we have to get a mirror . '' 
 a quick stop at an all - night drugstore yielded one powder compact . 
 although i had more substance than not , getting through the packaging was difficult for me , so i let raquel handle it . 
 she tore at the paper and plastic , hands shaky , making way more of a mess than necessary . 
 `` i have n't talked to them in a long time , '' she said , prying the compact out . 
 `` and now i 'm just going to show up at two a.m. and be all , hey , remember that ghost you said does n't exist ? '' 
 `` maybe we do n't have to wake them , '' dana said . 
 a fine rain began to fall , and she hit the windshield wipers , with their soft slap - slap sound . 
 `` is this ghostbusting business loud , bianca ? '' 
 `` urn , it can be . 
 but it does n't have to be . '' 
 i hoped that was true . 
 `` we 'll try . '' 
 raquel had always been very clear about the fact that she was n't wealthy , like most of the living and dead students at evernight . 
 her neighborhood was n't as bad as i 'd always imagined it , though . 
 maybe i was just naive and thought being poor meant living in a slum like one they showed on bad tv shows , with burning cars and gang members everywhere . 
 it was just a quiet neighborhood with small houses that did n't have much in the way of yards . 
 instead of squalor and violence , everything wasjust kind of gray and run - down , with some half - hearted , sloppy graffiti on the trash cans . 
 `` we 're lucky it 's raining , '' raquel said . 
 `` everybody would be out on the corners if it weren ` t. '' the house in the middle of the block belonged to raquel 's family . 
 we realized as soon as we got out of the car that no one was home . 
 `` where would they be ? '' 
 dana asked , as we peered through the windows at packed - up boxes . 
 `` the furniture 's in place , so they have n't moved . '' 
 `` with frida , maybe ? '' 
 raquel squinted . 
 `` it looks like they 've pulled up part of the kitchen floor . 
 maybe that water pipe burst again , and they 're fixing the damage . '' 
 `` they 're not home , '' i said . 
 `` that 's the important thing . 
 we can do this now . '' 
 raquel went very still . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can . '' 
 dana put an arm around her shoulders . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 if you want to stay out here , that works , too . 
 right , bianca ? '' 
 i started to agree with her , then stopped myself . 
 `` you can stay out here if you want to , '' i said . 
 `` but i think you should face this thing . '' 
 her white lips pressed together , raquel shook her head . 
 `` come on , raquel ! 
 since when do you run away from a fight ? '' 
 she would n't look at me any longer , but i kept going . 
 `` if you do n't see this happen , then you 'll always be scared of it . 
 always . 
 but if you see us defeat it , then that 's the last way you 'll remember it . 
 beaten . 
 is n't that what you 'd rather see ? '' 
 `` back off , okay ? '' 
 dana got betvveen us . 
 `` do n't push her . '' 
 `` no , '' raquel said . 
 she touched dana 's shoulder , gently edging her aside . 
 `` bianca 's right . 
 i 'll go in . '' 
 as the rain fell softly around us , pattering on the metal awning overhead , dana jimmied the front - door lock as swiftly as lucas could 've done . 
 too bad i was n't in black cross long enough to jearn that trick , i thought . 
 the door swung open with a creak . 
 dana tiptoed in , trying not to make a sound ; raquel , face pale , followed . 
 i allowed myself to become mostly vapor , a soft blue mist right behind them . 
 `` whoa , '' raquel said , clearly taken aback . 
 `` that 's - spooky . '' 
 `` shhh ! 
 we 're trying to be quiet here ! '' 
 dana held the compact in front of her , like she hoped to use it as a shield . 
 i would need to take the compact from her , but that would come once i could take form again . 
 `` that 's okay , `` i said . 
 `` sooner or later , we want it to know we 're here . '' 
 i stretched my consciousness throughout the house , discovering that i could sense the layout of the rooms without seeing them , that i knew which one had belonged to raquel - part of her essence lingered there . 
 so did something else . 
 the voice resonated on a frequency that was n't quite sound , merely vibration , in the ether we shared . 
 little girl . 
 little girl . 
 you 've come back to play . 
 raquel started to shake . 
 `` it 's here , '' she whispered . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 she hadn ' t heard the voice , i realized , nor had dana ; they were both looking around wildly , as if expecting the wraith to appear from any 158 direction , at any second . 
 and yet raquel knew the presence of this thing on a deeper level than i could comprehend . 
 i wondered how deep a link had been formed - how deeply this wraith had sunk its claws into her . 
 did you bring playmates for me ? 
 suddenly i could see a room , not this one - a different , false reality surrounding me , slightly transparent but enclosing , too , like a cell made of glass . 
 it looked like a small child 's bedroom . 
 at first i thought this must have been what raquel 's room looked like when she was a child , but then i corrected myself ; she would never have spent so much as one night in a room this pink and frilly , with a canopy bed and dolls stacked in row after row . 
 i 'd never seen so many dolls - and i 'd never seen any dolls who were watching me right back . 
 somehow they were looking at me , their glassy black eyes all too alive . 
 i heard a soft rustling among their fluffy petticoats , and one of the dolls leaned sharply to the side , as if it had fallen . 
 they were alive but not alive , watching but not watching , and just completely creepy . 
 it was enough to scare the crap out of me , and i was a ghost . 
 this is somebody 's idea of a child 's room , i thought . 
 their over - the - top imitation of where a little girl would sleep . 
 created by some guy who 's spent way too much time thinking about little girls in bed . 
 `` show yourself , '' i demanded . 
 in the other reality - the actual one - i could see raquer and dana both jump . 
 `` stop hiding behind the dolls . 
 come out . '' 
 `` the dolls , '' raquel whispered . 
 she must have dreamed of them before . 
 in the dream bedroom , the dolls rustled some more , toppling into piles so that their gold and brown curls tangled together . 
 in the center , i saw him . 
 if i had n't been able to feel the depth of raquel 's fear , i might have laughed . 
 this wraith did n't look scary - just fat and kind of bald . 
 not very tall , either . 
 and yet , as he studied me , tilting his head from side to side , there was something in the vacancy of his stare , and the greediness of his smile , that unsettled me 0111 every level . 
 pretty . 
 pretty red hair . 
 have you come to play with me ? 
 he shuffled out from the cloud of dolls . 
 his body was naked , and disgusting , and my fear turned quickly to revulsion , then to anger . 
 i said , `` i 'm not here to play . '' 
 resonate , patrice had said . 
 i did n't know how to do that , so i just concentrated on him , and thought of my own death . 
 i remembered that strange sinking feeling of my body giving in , giving way . 
 i remembered lucas 's tears as he clutched my hand . 
 it came back to me too vividly to bear - and yet i could feel the wraith being brought closer by the memories . 
 i found my mind shaping words as though they were an incantation : by all that divides us from the living , i divide you from this place . 
 by all the dm * ness that dwells within us , i consign you to darkness . 
 by all the death that gives me power , i take your power from you . 
 the wraith began to shriek , an unearthly wail that reverberated throughout the house . 
 dana grabbed both of her ears , perhaps in pain , and dropped the compact to the floor . 
 raquel did n't flinch . 
 she grabbed the mirror and tossed it toward me , and i materialized just enough to catch it in my hand . 
 the moment i did , the force of the magic began drawing the wraith into the mirror . 
 as i angled the mirror , the way patrice had said , the wraith came apart before my eyes , not in a pretty mist like i was used to , but as though it were a physical thing being dismembered , blood and sinew , shrieks of pain . 
 yet it turned into so much dust as it flew into the mirror , howling the whole way - until there was silence . 
 the dream world had vanished . 
 we stood in the living room , staring at the ice - caked mirror i held high above my head . 
 `` is that ... did we get him ? '' 
 dana asked breathlessly , her hands still at her ears . 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 raquel took a shuddering breath . 
 `` we caught it . '' 
 `` and as long as we do n't break the mirror , it can never get out again . '' 
 i 'd fought it . 
 i 'd won . 
 i knew how to stand up for myself against a wraith now ; did that mean i was finally free ? 
 `` it 's trapped in a mirror ? '' 
 raquel blinked . 
 `` it 's not in the phantom zon e or something ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` wherever it is , it ca n't get out again . '' 
 raquel started to laugh , a sound of pure joy , and then she flung her arms around me . 
 with all my strength , i kept myself as solid as i could , because the hug felt way too good to miss . 
 `` you did it , '' she gasped . 
 `` you did it . 
 that horrible thing - '' `` it 's okay . '' 
 i patted her back as i realized her laughter was turning into tears . 
 `` it ca n't get you again . '' 
 `` you did that for me after what i did to you . '' 
 `` i did it for me , too - '' `` just shut up , okay ? '' 
 raquel hugged me tighter , and i took her advice and just held her while she cried . 
 over her shoulder , i could see dana smiling at me beatifically , like i was her new favorite person in the whole world . 
 once raquel had settled down again , i handed her off to dana for more hugging and returned my attention to the mirror . 
 it was thickly iced , yet it seemed to me that i could glimpse something moving in the reflection . 
 `` what are we going to do with that thing ? '' 
 raquel said . 
 `` encase it in cement ? '' 
 `` that 's not a bad idea . '' 
 then i felt the pull - almost physical , like i was being dragged . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 raquel took a step forward . 
 `` you 're turning invisible . '' 
 `` riverton ! 
 do n't forget ! '' 
 i called , before i lost the ability to make sound . '' 
 `` ll make sure lucas is there ! '' 
 `` bianca ! '' 
 raquel shouted again , but in an instant i was gone , somersaulting through the blue misty nothingness . 
 i landed - or so it seemed , anyway . 
 i looked down at soft green grass , then turned my face up to see maxie standing above me . 
 she wore a strange coat of some dark fur that looked more creepy than luxurious . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` you 're siding with them against us now ? '' 
 `` that thing had to be stopped . '' 
 `` that thing ? 
 thing ? ' 
 maxie looked like she might slap me . 
 `` i guess you might as well help mrs. bethany set the traps . '' 
 a third voice interrupted our argument . 
 `` there 's a difference between what bianca has done and mrs. bethany 's efforts . '' 
 we turned to see christopher . 
 so i was in the land of lost things again - brought here , this time , against my will . 
 maxie had told me he was powerful , but this was my first evidence of exactly how much stronger christopher was than the average wraith . 
 and yet it did n't frighten me , because now i knew i had the power to defend myself . 
 any power christopher now had , i might gain for myself in time - probably less time than it had taken him to learn . 
 the sunlight brightened christopher 's dark brown hair , and his old - fashioned long coat was a deep bottle green . 
 we were at the foot of a 161 building that looked like some sort of pagoda , except that a rattling elevate , d train straight out of the 191os was rushing along behind it . 
 `` i got her out of there before she could do anything worse , '' maxie said . 
 so it was her , and not christopher , who had intervened . 
 `` you should n't have let her go back , anyway . '' 
 `` maxine , calm yourself . '' 
 christopher put his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` it is not my role to allow or disallow bianca 's travels . 
 she is freer than the rest of us . 
 she does not share our limitations . 
 l realize that is hard for you to accept , but you must . '' 
 maxie snapped , `` i do n't see the difference between what mrs. bethany 's doing and what bianca did . 
 she 's turned against her fellow wraiths . 
 that does n't matter ? '' 
 i said , `` that thing - '' `` thing again ! '' 
 `` it hurt people , maxie , '' i continued . 
 `` nobody has the right to do that . '' 
 christopher nodded . 
 `` it is one matter to act in defense of others . 
 another to act from selfish desires - no matter how understandable those desires may be . '' 
 he seemed so sad that i hated to ask more . 
 and yet his sadness itself drew my attention more than anything else . 
 it was like whatever mrs. bethany was doing wounded him personally , deeply . 
 did he care so deeply about the wraiths - all the wraiths ? 
 no , this was something that affected him , not as the leader of this ghostly world or whatever else he 'd become , but as the man he had been . 
 a laughably bizarre idea occurred to me , and yet i could n't shake it . 
 christopher watched me closely , able to see that i was struggling with something . 
 even his smile was sad . 
 `` you know . 
 now . '' 
 he said . 
 `` trust your insight . 
 you will see many things here that would be hidden to you elsewhere . '' 
 this world 's clarity had worked its magic on me again - or had it ? 
 still , i could n't quite believe . 
 i asked the less direct question , in case i was wrong : `` christopher ... what anchors you to the world ? 
 or . . . 
 who ? '' 
 `` my beloved wife , though i have not spoken to her in nearly two hundred years . 
 was he saying what i thought he was saying ? 
 `` then you 're - '' `` christopher bethany , '' he said . 
 `` of course , you already know my wife . '' 
 chapter sixteen `` mrs. bethany is your wife , '' i repeated . 
 although i 'd guessed it myself , i could n't fully wrap my mind around the information . 
 the leader of the wraiths , married to one of the most powerful , ruthless vampires in existence ? 
 `` then why does she hate the wraiths so much ? '' 
 surely if she was married to a wraith , she 'd have to like them a little . 
 but maybe not . 
 maybe they 'd broken up or something . 
 a divorce would probably be extra - nasty after two hundred years of marriage . 
 but christopher shook his head . 
 `` i have not spoken to her since my death . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 is it because she became a vampire ? 
 did she - was she the one who killed you ? '' 
 i corrected myself . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 you said she was the only person loyal to you . '' 
 `` this is my history , mine alone , '' christopher said , and his voice held a sharpness i had n't heard since his first frightening manifestations at evernight . 
 sensing my tension , though , he visibly calmed himself . 
 `` and yet , it concerns you now , and those close to you . 
 it is not wrong for you to ask . '' 
 maxie gaped at him , her earlier outrage at my special treatment forgotten . 
 `` are you going to tell us where you come from ? '' 
 i got the impression this was a closely guarded secret . 
 christopher glared at her . 
 `` i shall tell bianca , as it relates to her existence , '' he said . 
 `` it does not relate to yours . '' 
 with a huff , maxie stomped away , her shiny heels loud on the pavement . 
 she disappeared into a crowd of people who seemed mostly to be dressed in feathers and paint . 
 i turned back to christopher . 
 `` if you do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 i said , `` honestly , that 's okay . 
 it 's your business . '' 
 i wanted answers , but that was n't the same as wanting to pry . 
 `` you will soon see how our paths intersected . 
 these events are becoming part of your history as well . '' 
 he swept his hand across the sky , turning it instantly black - as though , instead of being outside , we stood in a kind of planetarium . 
 instead of the flowing , chaotic land of lost things around us , we were entirely alone , in a sort of void . 
 i understood , without being told , that this was beyond most wraiths ' power , including my own ; this uncanny ability was something christopher had forged from his long centuries trapped between 163 worlds . 
 `` wow , '' i said . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` we are traveling to see the past . '' 
 `` we 're going back in time ? '' 
 after everything else that had happened , it was weird that this had the power to surprise me . 
 like something out of a science - fiction movie ; vic would think this was extremely cool . 
 but christopher shook his head . 
 `` traveling to see , '' he said . 
 `` the past is unreachable by any power , mortal or immortal . '' 
 i was n't sure what the difference was , but there was no time to ask . 
 taking shape around us was a forest , through which wound a narrow dirt road , striped with tracks from wheels and horses . 
 a carriage came toward us , pulled by two pale gray horses and lit by actual lanterns on each side . 
 it seemed romantic to me , something out of a novel by one of the brontes . 
 at least , it seemed that way until figures jumped out of the dark - out of nowhere , it seemed - and sprang upon the carriage . 
 the horses whinnied and snorted as one of the figures grabbed their harness , bringing everything to a halt . 
 i gasped , but nobody seemed able to hear me - the difference . 
 maybe , between seeing the past and being there . 
 christopher stood quiet beside me as we saw the highway bandits or whatever they were pull open the doors of the carriage . 
 in the lantern light , i could see their faces , their wicked grins , and their fangs : vampires on the attack . 
 `` well , well . 
 what have we here ? '' 
 one of them snarled . 
 `` guests for dinner ? '' 
 `` i shall tell you what you have . '' 
 mrs. bethany - in regency costume , her hair piled high upon her head - leaned out of the door , completely unfazed by the attack . 
 was this the moment she was changed ? 
 then she hoisted a crossbow . 
 `` you have to run , '' she said . 
 the vampires scattered , but not fast enough . 
 mrs. bethany shot one straight through , the wooden shaft staking it in the heart . 
 in a flash , the carriage driver and liverymen leaped into action , each of them armed , each of them sure and detem1ined as they ran into the forest after the vampires . 
 `` quickly ! '' 
 mrs. bethany cried , jumping from tl1e carriage so that her skirts fluttered . 
 already she had reloaded the crossbow , and despite the darkness , she took aim and brought another vampire down in a single stroke . 
 her smile was brilliant in the night . 
 ; ; we have them now ! '' 
 she laughed out loud as she pulled a broadsword from within her cloak . 
 as she lifted it high , i turned away : i 'd seen one vampire being beheaded , and that was enough for a lifetime . 
 as i heard the sick wet thud , l winced - and then my eyes opened wide . 
 `` the way they 're fighting . . . 
 the way she throws herself into it ... '' i 'd seen this before . 
 `` trained well , do n't you think ? '' 
 christopher never looked away from mrs. bethany . 
 `` if she was hunting vampires , and if she knew just what to do , then she was - she had to be - mrs. bethany was in black cross ? '' 
 i had to look at her again now . 
 the fight was over , the vampires dust at her feet . 
 in the moonlight , her smile softened and became warm as she rushed forward toward one of the liverymen - who , i now realized , was a slightly younger christopher . 
 they embraced each other , her arms tight around his neck , and kissed so passionately that i felt my cheeks flush . 
 `` we were both raised among black cross hunters , '' christopher said as he watched his long - ago happiness with his wife . 
 `` when i emigrated to america in the first years of its independence , i connected with the first boston cell . 
 there we met . 
 few women hunted in those days , but nobody questioned her . 
 she was the best fighter among us . 
 and the vampires - they always underestimated her l!lntil it was too late . 
 there sprang up a legend amorng them of a huntress both beautiful and deadly , which they disbelieved at their peril . 
 sometimes it was the last thing they said , even as the stake sank into them . 
 ` it is her . ' '' 
 the forest had darkened into indistinct gloom , but now shapes began to form anew . 
 i saw a small house , simple , with one large room that seemed to be both kitchen and parlor . 
 the fireplace was enormous , deep enough to walk into , tall as a person and as long as the house itself . 
 a teakettle hung near the flames as mrs. bethany busied herself cutting cake ; at the table , christopher sat with a few men dressed as he was , with long coats and white kerchiefs tied at their throats . 
 they had large metal cups filled with something that looked like beer , and they were laughing loudly . 
 was it tbe clarity of this place that showed me the others were n't as happy as they pretended to be ? 
 that their eyes watched christopher cagily tss as he took another drink ? 
 `` business associates . '' 
 christopher 's face was illuminated by the long - ago fire . 
 we seemed to be standing at the very edge of the room , in deep shadow . 
 `` friends , or so i thought . 
 we joined in a shipping venture . 
 trade between europe and america , in fine goods - a growing industry in that time , and therefore a likely bet to increase my family 's wealth . 
 but i was accustomed only to the company of black cross hunters ; say what you will of black cross , but they do not engage in such gross trickery . 
 i had been brought up to think that all evil was embodied by vampires . 
 i did not look for it in men who called themselves my friends . '' 
 `` what did they do ? '' 
 1 whispered , though i knew by now the figures before us could n't hear . 
 `` they did not want to establish a shipping business . 
 they only wanted to steal the family money i gave them as investment . '' 
 he still sounded slightly bewildered - like after a couple hundred years , christopher had n't yet wrapped his mind around the fact of his betrayal . 
 `` after some months , i began to press them for returns . 
 profits . 
 to examine the books . 
 they had countless excuses and nothing to show me . 
 one night i swore i would take them to court . 
 as i walked home that night , they attacked me . 
 i was unarmed , and recovering from a winter illness . 
 my black cross training was to no avail . 
 they left me dying in a ditch . 
 the last sound i heard was their laughter as they walked away . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 before us remained the happy scene with everyone being friendly . 
 maybe he preferred this to remembering his death ; i wouldn ' t blame him . 
 i did n't like remembering my death either , and at least i 'd been in my bed , with lucas by my side . 
 `` that 's awful . '' 
 christopher stared hard at his killers , who were at that moment laughing at one of his jokes . 
 mrs. bethany set the slices of cake in front of them ; she did n't seem to be in as good spirits as the others . 
 in fact , her expression was wary . 
 she 'd picked up on trouble even if her husband had n't . 
 then the room shifted again , with mrs. bethany remaining motionless at the center of it , her dress flowing from one color to another and her expression changing from unease to rage . 
 `` what do you mean , you can not act ? '' 
 the scene in front of us was now some kind of meetinghouse or storeroom . 
 black cross , i realized , seeing the weaponry mounted on the walls . 
 166 a man with his hair tied in a tail sat on a slightly raised platform , obviously in charge . 
 he shook his head . . 
 `` mrs. bethany , as lamentable as your husband 's death is , it was not the work of any supernatural agency . 
 therefore it does not concern black cross . '' 
 `` the magistrate will not listen , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 `` he believes it was the work of bandits and says lam a foolish woman , doubting two such ` fine gentlemen . ' 
 `` she spat those two words , as if she thought they could poison her . 
 `` i could kill them myself , but they are gone to the caribbean . 
 his family 's money is lost , because of their deceit . 
 at least give me the funds to travel there , to see justice done . '' 
 the black cross leader looked at mrs. bethany pityingly - the same look , i realized , that kate had worn when she refused to give back lucas 's coffee can full of cash . 
 `` our funds are used for our struggle , and every penny is needed . 
 you know this as well as i. your grief has brought you to the point of hysteria . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's proud face never changed , but i saw something i 'd never expected to see : her eyes filling with tears . 
 yet she spoke steadily . 
 `` after everything i have done , everything i have given , this is your answer . '' 
 `` what other answer could there be ? '' 
 she stepped back slightly , cocking her head in that familiar gesture of contemplation and contempt . 
 li.ke she 's seeing him for the first time , i thought . 
 christopher said , `` in that instant , her dedication to black cross turned to hate . 
 we can always hate that which we loved , and with a fire as great as our love once was . '' 
 the room vanished , replaced by the same forest pathway we had seen first . 
 but the scene had changed to winter ; the na ** d tree branches glittered with ice , and the ground was thick with snow . 
 mrs. bethany rode alone on horseback , sidesaddle , with a heavy cape of dark furs around her . 
 her eyes searched her surroundings despite the deepening shadows - it was dusk , the sky a piercing cobalt blue . 
 then she sat up a little straighter ; she 'd spotted something . 
 a vampire stepped from behind one of the larger trees , obviously uneasy . 
 `` whatever trap you set , huntress , it 's a dangerous one for you . 
 your 167 help is too far away . '' 
 `` i set no trap , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 she dismounted from her horse and walked slowly toward him in the snow . 
 `` i bear no weapons . '' 
 `` then i suppose you have come to die , huntress . '' 
 it was a taunt , but mrs. bethany lifted her head . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the vampire appeared as shocked as i was . 
 he did n't say anything at first , did n't rush at her or run away . 
 she held up her hands , gloved in dark green , to show that she had no weapons . 
 a gust of wind ruffled her hair and sent down a shower of snow from the branches above , scattering white on her dark hair and cape . 
 `` i was bitten once . 
 did you know ? 
 do they tell the story ? '' 
 `` many claim it , '' the vampire said . 
 `` many lie . '' 
 `` one tells the truth , '' she said . 
 a quick tug at the neck of her cape revealed an old scar upon her throat . 
 `` i was rescued , then . 
 but i have always known that i am prepared . 
 if a vampire were to bite me , and kill me , i would rise again , undead . '' 
 the vampire took a step closer , disbelieving . 
 `` this is a trick . '' 
 `` no trick . '' 
 `` you hate our kind . 
 why would you become one of us ? '' 
 `` i need to be free of human ties , human cares . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's expression faltered , but only for a moment . 
 `` i - i need to travel beyond the reach of my mortal means . '' 
 that won her a burst of laughter from the vampire . 
 `` mad . 
 you 've gone mad . '' 
 she said , `` change me and see . '' 
 the vampire sprang at her , taking both of them down to the ground in one pounce . 
 mrs. bethany did n't resist and did n't scream , not even when her blood spurted onto the white snow , steaming . 
 `` revenge , '' christopher said , `` is a powerful motivator . '' 
 the next place he showed me was obviously someplace a lot warmer . 
 a palm frond brushed against the window and tropical flowers were piled high in vases . 
 we seemed to be in an island villa , one that might have been very nice before it had been trashed . 
 furniture was upended , mirrors broken . 
 two dead bodies lay on the floor , and mrs. bethany stood in one corner , taking in the scene with some satisfaction . 
 she wiped blood from her mouth with the back of her hand . 
 `` she got them back , '' i said . 
 despite the horror of the murder scene before us , i could n't help feeling like those guys had it coming . 
 christopher nodded . 
 `` but at what cost ? 
 her life . 
 perhaps more important , her mission . 
 her soul . '' 
 `` where were you during all this ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` why did n't you appear to her ? 
 if she 'd known you were a ghost , that she could maybe talk to you - '' `` i could not yet appear to her . '' 
 the caribbean scene with mrs. bethany faded , and we were once again in the land of lost things . 
 were we in the same location ? 
 our surroundings had changed ; instead of the city , we stood out in the open , in a desert too stark to be beautiful . 
 sunlight beat down hotly , and i noticed a scorpion scuttling across the ground . 
 christopher sat on a low , flat rock ; his handsome profile was outlined against the dark stone , and for the ftrst time , i recognized him as the silhouette on mrs. bethany 's desk . 
 `` as you know , learning to use wraith powers takes some time - and far more time for most than it did for you . 
 by the point when i could have appeared to my wife , she had learned to hate the wraiths as the natural enemy of the vampire . 
 she had shown me , through her actions , that her hate was stronger than her love . '' 
 i wanted to argue with him , but i remembered how hard it had been for me to appear to my parents . 
 that fear of rejection was powerful . 
 and as lucas 's situation showed , not every person was strong enough to love despite the change . 
 lucas , i thought . 
 of course mrs. bethany had been sympathetic to lucas . 
 of course she reached out to him and understood him . 
 she had been exacdywhere he was . 
 but that did n't make her generous and good . 
 it just made her somebody who hated black cross a lot . 
 he needed to realize that . 
 and the sooner the better . 
 `` i have to go , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll come back , okay ? '' 
 i 'd expected christopher to protest , or throw some ice - storm tantrum to keep me here , but instead he kept gazing at the scorpion as it skittered upon the sand . 
 `` go , '' he said . 
 `` i am weary . '' 
 watching mrs. bethany 's death - even as a long - distant memory - had been as hard for him as it had been for me to see lucas die . 
 i put one hand on his shoulder . 
 `` thank you for showing me . '' 
 `` go , '' he said , more quietly , and placed his face in his hands . 
 i concentrated on a place , on the records room , and traveled through the blue until it materialized around me . 
 patrice was up there alone , studying her german ; she started when i appeared , but only for a second . 
 `` hey , there you are . 
 lucas was getting worried . '' 
 `` i 'm going to him right away , '' i promised , going to the loose brick in the wall and retrieving my bracelet from behind it . 
 when i 'd put it around my wrist , i took completely solid form and felt an enormous wave of relief . 
 `` i just need a second to be ... less ghostly . 
 if that makes sense . '' 
 `` whatever works , '' patrice said , not unkindly . 
 `` but he 's got a test this afternoon , remember ? 
 he 'll do better if he knows you 're around and okay . '' 
 `` i know it . '' 
 though i hated to give up the bracelet so soon , i decided i 'd better . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 come with me ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i have to head down to class anyway . '' 
 i trailed behind her as vapor the whole way down the stairs . 
 `` could you keep out of my hair , please ? '' 
 she muttered . 
 `` you 're awfully damp sometimes . 
 i 'll frizz . '' 
 `` this is n't easy . 
 you know . '' 
 `` neither is fixing my hair . '' 
 i wanted to laugh , but just then - as we were reentering the classroom area - we heard the commotion . 
 people shouting , shoes squeaking against the floor , the thud of a body against the wah - `` a fight , '' patrice said . 
 `` lucas . '' 
 i knew it without having to be told . 
 patrice ran , me above her , until we reached the fracas . 
 sure enough , lucas and samuel were on the floor , grappling with each other , their noses bloody . 
 `` i said , '' lucas rasped , `` leave her alone . '' 
 `` you want her for yourself , huh ? 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 samuel 's sick grin made it clear that he was n't talking about flirtation . 
 whatever human samuel had been picking on - and lucas had been defending - was a!j too appetizing as an evening snack . 
 i realized who it must have been when skye , amid the crowd , threw one of her books at samuel , but he dodged it easily . 
 `` hit me a little harder , and she 's yours , man . 
 take what you want . '' 
 lucas head - butted the guy , so hard that samuel flopped back , stunned . 
 groggily , a hand to his forehead , lucas said , `` mostly i just want you to shut up . '' 
 the laughing crowd around us went very quiet , parting to allow mrs. bethany to sweep into the middle of this . 
 she looked so different to me now that i had seen her younger , human , in love , alive . 
 and yet she was still mrs. bethany , made of starched lace and long skirts and chilly authority . 
 the fight scene got no more reaction from her than a raised eyebrow . 
 `` mr. ross . 
 mr. younger . 
 i take it you 've settled this matter between yourselves ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's settled . '' 
 lucas got to his feet , somewhat unsteadily , and dabbed at his nose with his sleeve . 
 samuel continued to glare up at him , like he might tackle him anew whether the headmistress was watching or not . 
 `` mr. younger ? '' 
 mrs. bethany repeated . 
 `` i hope i wo n't have to undertake any . . . 
 disciplinary action . 
 i suspect you would n't care for my methods . '' 
 `` yeah , '' samuel said , which was n't exactly an answer , but he rose and slouched off without another word . 
 as everyone else went about their business , scattering from mrs. bethany like leaves in a strong gale , i wanted to talk to lucas - but skye was a little faster , reaching him before i had a chance to say a word . 
 `` thanks for standing up for me . '' 
 `` no prob . '' 
 she had a crooked sort of smile that somehow made her beauty more approachable . 
 how come my funny smile only made me look silly ? 
 `` you 're kind of like a one - man swat team , you know . 
 who would 've thought anybody would need so much rescuing in high school ? '' 
 skye was only making a joke , but it obviously struck a chord for lucas . 
 he took her arm by the elbow and said , `` we ' ve got ta talk . '' 
 `` our test is starting in five minutes - and do n't you need to clean up after the fight ? '' 
 `` forget cleaning up . 
 forget the test . 
 this is important . '' 
 i followed them back into the stairwell ; patrice cast a worried glance after us but did n't try to join them . 
 good thing , too , because she probably would 've freaked out . 
 knowing lucas as i did , i knew what he was about to say - and i thought it was a good idea . 
 it was time to tell skye the truth . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 skye 's expression clouded as they stood together in the stairwell , light from the narrow arched window illuminating her dark hair . 
 `` are you finally going to talk about what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 lucas grew wary . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 're just so ... angry , '' she whispered , her voice gentle . 
 `` so angry about everything , all the time . 
 i 'm not saying you 're wrong to be angry , but lucas - it 's burning you up inside . 
 what is it ? 
 can you tell me ? '' 
 if she 'd tried to hint or trick it out of him , lucas would never have spoken . 
 but simple honesty always broke down his barriers . 
 `` my girlfriend , 171 bianca ... she died last summer . 
 i still love her . 
 i always will . '' 
 the truth , if not the whole truth , and it had the power to warm and thrill me all over again . 
 what surprised me was the power that it had over skye ; her pale blue eyes instantly welled with tears . 
 `` i lost somebody this summer , too . 
 my older brother . '' 
 `` oh , jesus . '' 
 lucas was clearly caught off guard . 
 `` skye , i 'm sorry . '' 
 she squeezed his hand . 
 `` believe me , i get it . 
 i might hide the anger better than you do , but sometimes i just want to ... '' skye breathed out in frustration but managed to smile for him as she wiped away one tear . 
 `` was bianca just - amazing ? 
 i bet she was amazing . '' 
 lucas 's expression faltered . 
 talking about me in the past tense reminded him of my death and brought the pain back . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 `` if it helps any , i believe - no , i know - the dead are n't truly gone . '' 
 she spoke with the deep assurance that could only have come from growing up in a haunted house . 
 skye knew about the undead , at least on that level . 
 `` they watch us . 
 they 're close by . 
 and i think they realize how much we love them , maybe more than they did when they were alive . '' 
 as skye finished saying this , i took the risk of brushing , gently , against lucas 's hand . 
 i saw him straighten , reassured of my presence and safety , and yet more emotional than before . 
 `` i believe that , too . '' 
 `` she 'd want you to be happy , '' skye said . 
 `` not angry all the time . '' 
 tm trying . '' 
 i knew lucas was speaking to me as much as to skye . 
 they just watched each other for a second , struggling for composure . 
 after swallowing hard , skye managed to say , `` so , what did you want to tell me ? '' 
 `` this school is dangerous , skye . 
 everywhere around here is dangerous . 
 you have to watch yourself . '' 
 `` yeah , i kinda got that after the time those weird old gang members fired an arrow at me . 
 what kind of gang uses crossbows ? '' 
 lucas took a step closer and looked her straight in the eyes . 
 through the one crescent - shaped window , afternoon sunlight flooded in , turning his hair pure gold . 
 `` no , i mean it . 
 some of the students here - they 're not just students . '' 
 she folded her arms . 
 `` you mean , they 're also enormous dickweeds ? '' 
 `` i mean . 
 they 're vampires . '' 
 skye stared at lucas . 
 lucas stared right back at her . 
 i wondered if she would scream , or ask questions , or just run like hell out of the school . 
 instead she burst into laughter . 
 as lucas pulled back , startled , she gasped , `` you almost had me ! '' 
 `` skye - '' `` it 's okay , i get it . '' 
 her giggles almost masked her words . 
 `` we were getting way too heavy for people who need to think about calculus . 
 thanks for making me laugh . 
 i needed it . '' 
 lucas struggled for words , then surrendered . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 `` come on , let 's get to class . '' 
 skye headed for the door . 
 lucas glanced back , and i shimmered slightly in the light , so he 'd know i was near . 
 his bashful smile was the best welcome - home i could have had . 
 of course i wanted to tell lucas about mrs. bethany , but it could wait . 
 lucas 's dedication to his studies this semester might be mostly a way of distracting himself from pain , but that was a good reason to respect it . 
 i supposed it wouldn ' t hurt to wait forty - five minutes . 
 not everybody could be as disciplined about waiting for the right time to speak , though . 
 as i settled back into the records room upstairs , alone and ready to spend a little more quality time wearing my bracelet , someone else decided to pay me a visit . 
 `` well , if it isn ' t the prom queen of the dead , '' maxie said . 
 i sat up , startled ; she 'd materialized across the room , and i 'd been so deep in thought i had n't noticed . 
 she was back in her flowing nightdress , like i was back in my usual pajamas . 
 `` tell me , what 's it like to be so special that the rules do n't apply to yout ' `` awful , '' i said . 
 `` it means even people you thought were your friends do n't like you . '' 
 maxie hesitated . 
 she ducked her head , so that her cropped hair fell into her eyes , slightly blocking our view . 
 `` i like you , '' she said in a small voice . 
 `` sometimes you do n't act like it . '' 
 `` we have to make choices , '' she said . 
 for the first time since i 'd known her , she sounded more like an adult than a petulant child . 
 `` we have to recognize that we 're dead . '' 
 `` i get that . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` vampires are our enemies . '' 
 `` maybe that 's true most of the time , '' i admitted , thinking of mrs. bethany , `` but it 's not true for lucas . 
 or for baltl1azar , or patrice , or ranulf . 
 why do you keep trying to create these black - and - white categories ? 
 why are you looking at what everyone is , instead of who they are ? '' 
 `` it helps , '' she whispered . 
 `` when you 're not alive but not totally dead - it can feel like everything is gray . 
 you want black . 
 you want white . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 and i did . 
 at that moment , the door opened , and vic and ranulf walked in . 
 they had lunch period now . 
 `` wait , wait , '' vic was saying . 
 `` you got cristina del valle to go to the autumn ball with you ? 
 how did you work that ? 
 she 's the hottest girl in school . '' 
 `` i am wise in the ways of comely maidens , '' ranulf said . 
 then they both stopped as they saw me - and , i realized , maxie , who had n't made herself invisible in time and now seemed to be too startled to do so , or anything else but gape at them . 
 quickly , i said , `` maxie , obviously you already know vic , but have you met ranulf ? '' 
 `` still more wraiths , '' ranulf said . 
 he 'd been uneasy about socializing with me at first , after my deatl1 , but it only took him a second to get past it now . 
 `` welcome . 
 will you be here often ? 
 if so , please do not frost too many of the seating places . 
 bianca often leaves them too cold to be of use to others . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i protested , but ranulf suddenly seemed very interested in the elvis posters . 
 vic just kept staring at maxie . 
 she 'd interacted with him throughout his life , but always invisibly ; this had to be the first time he 'd ever actually seen her . 
 `` wow , '' he said . 
 `` uh , wow . 
 hey there . '' 
 `` hello , '' maxie whispered . 
 i knew that was the first word she 'd ever spoken to him . 
 she 'd crossed the line - the one she did n't want me to cross , and i liked it . 
 was she starting to think for herself ? 
 to understand that the lines between vampire , wraith , and human were as blurry as the ones bet \ veen life and death ? 
 `` do you want to . . . 
 hang out for a while ? '' 
 vic looked around the room wildly , obviously trying to figure out what might entertain her . 
 `` we could just talk or . . . 
 i 've got some music - '' `` i should go , '' maxie said . 
 but before i could be disappointed , she added , more quietly , '' `` ll come back sometime . '' 
 vic grinned . 
 `` great . 
 i mean , that 's - that would be great . '' 
 maxie vanished , but i could sense her . 
 she was . 
 drifting out of the room very slowly , as if more reluctant to leave than she 'd let on . 
 as she finally 174 rose through the roof , vic turned to me and said , `` that was unbelievable ! '' 
 `` was it great ? 
 finally meeting her ? '' 
 i grinned up at him . 
 his mouth was parnvay open , half smile and half amazement . 
 `` i guess . . . 
 i never realized ... i mean , i knew she was a she and all that , but i never realized my ghost was a girl . '' 
 ranulf said , `` vic has not yet learned the arts of interaction with females . '' 
 `` you gon na teach me your tricks , buddy ? '' 
 vic said . 
 `` it is only a small matter of observation over several centuries . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 vic sighed , throwing down his backpack . 
 til be right back , okay ? '' 
 i slipped off my bracelet and dematerialized , drifting up through the roof . 
 as i 'd suspected , i found maxie high in the sky . 
 we could see each other , mostly - misty outlines of ourselves that would be invisible from the ground . 
 `` i talked to vic ! '' 
 she said . 
 her smile was part of the afternoon sunlight . 
 `` i talked to him , and he talked back ! '' 
 `` see how much fun it is , crossing the lines ? '' 
 `` it 's not wrong to move on , '' she said , more firmly . 
 `` you know how much better it is there than here . 
 but - as long as we are partly here - '' `` i think our afterlives have to be about the people we love . '' 
 i started drifting higher , mostly out of curiosity to see how high we could go . 
 `` nothing else makes any sense . '' 
 `` but i did n't know vic before . 
 not when i was alive , '' maxie protested . 
 `` if you ask me , it does n't make any difference when you start to love somebody . 
 just that you love them . '' 
 merely saying the word jove reminded me of lucas and the news i wanted to share with him so badly that it burned inside me . 
 but i had half an hour to khi . 
 so i pushed myself higher ; maxie followed . 
 `` how high up can we go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` oh , crazy high . 
 above the troposphere . 
 you can see the stars during the day , if you want . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i could go stargazing right now - anytime , in fact . 
 i would n't have a telescope , of course , but nevertheless , that view would be something to see , like a picture from the hubble . 
 `` let 's go , okay ? '' 
 maxie started to laugh , and i knew that this was what she 'd wanted all along . 
 not for me to choose sides - just for her to have a companion in her in - between world . 
 `` okay , sure . '' 
 we rose up , farther and farther , until evernight academy was only a speck on the ground , then obscured by clouds . 
 the sunlight above was brighter than bright . 
 blinding . 
 then this enormous silver shape appeared in the distance , coming closer , faster than i could imagine . 
 `` what in the world is that ? '' 
 `` hang on ! '' 
 maxie yelled . 
 is that - is it an airplane ? 
 a commercial jetliner zoomed straight toward us , until i could see the outline of it - the front windows - the pilots inside - and then , wham , maxie and i slamming directly through the center of the plane , front cabin , the long aisle , dozens of passengers , the little drink cart , the tail - and it was gone . 
 we 'd gone straight through . 
 maxie and i drifted there , dazed , for a long second . 
 she finally said , `` do you think anybody on the plane saw us ? 
 `` we were going too fast , '' i said . 
 `` but maybe they hit some turbulence . '' 
 she started to laugh , and i did , too . 
 although maxie wanted to keep creating `` air pockets '' for plane traffic out of boston , i parted from her when i sensed that lucas 's class was probably over . 
 we promised to go stargazing soon , and while that prospect delighted me , the closer i got to earth , the more pressing my real concerns seemed . 
 i found lucas out at the gazebo , waiting for me as usual . 
 his backpack had been tossed on the floor , and he was resting his forearms on his knees , his head drooping . 
 `` you look tired , '' i whispered , becoming a soft mist near him . 
 `` i am tired . '' 
 `` up late worrying about me ? '' 
 `` up late worrying , '' he confirmed . 
 `` but i know you can take care of yourself , so i also stayed up studying . 
 and listening to music . 
 and surfmg the internet . 
 and doing whatever else i could think of to avoid going to sleep . '' 
 i did n't have to ask why . 
 `` charity . '' 
 lucas did n't reply , but he swallowed hard , making his adam 's apple bob in his throat . 
 i brushed gently against his cheek , hoping he could feel the cool touch . 
 `` is she getting worse ? '' 
 `` worse ? 
 no . 
 she started off making my dreams as bad as they could be , and since then - well , you have to give her this , she 's consistent . 
 it 's horrible every night . 
 every single night . '' 
 lucas stood abruptly . 
 he braced his hands against the cast iron of the gazebo , every muscle in his back so tense i could make them out through his uniform sweater . 
 `` sometimes it 's erich again , threatening to torture you with stakes soaked in holy water . 
 176 sometimes other vampires drink your blood , and for some reason it kills you instead of turning you into one of them . 
 sometimes my mom cuts off your head . 
 or those drunk guys - remember , our first date ? 
 in my dreams , they 're not trying to take care of you . 
 they 're trying to burn you . 
 all the dreams are about losing you , over and over again . '' 
 the ragged pain in his voice made me wish i could risk becoming corporeal . 
 so i could put my arms around him . 
 `` charity only turned you to take you away from me , '' i said . 
 `` it 's my fault . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' lucas said . 
 i wished i could be as sure as he sounded . 
 `` but yeah , charity likes the idea of me losing you forever . 
 enough to have it on infinite replay in my head . '' 
 `` please , let me come back . 
 if i were in your dreams , i know i could get through to you . '' 
 lucas shook his head . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 anything she did to you in there could really hurt you . 
 that 's not a risk i 'm willing to take . '' 
 even if the only alternative was his enduring pain ? 
 i hated this , but for now , we had no better choice . 
 he said , `` bianca , i 've been meaning to ask you about this for a while now . 
 what happens after evernight ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i ca n't stay at this school forever , `` lucas said . 
 `` i mean , i guess technically i could , but i do n't really see me repeating english lit every other semester for the next several centuries . 
 and you ca n't want to spend the rest of eternity hiding in corners . 
 waiting on me . '' 
 i had n't thought that far ahead - had n't let myself . 
 now that i understood my own powers , the many places i could go and things i could do , i no longer feared the eternity that lay before me . 
 but it was different for lucas . 
 i said , `` vampires usually start out ... wandering , i guess . 
 taking advantage of their immortality to explore the world . 
 once you get a few decades of experience , apparently it 's not so hard to start making money . 
 and after you get rich , well , you can pretty much do what you want . '' 
 lucas 's face looked pained at the words a few decades . 
 he said , `` i do n't need to get rich . 
 i do n't need to do what i want . 
 because right now , i 'm not sure i 'd use that power well . '' 
 `` you have to stop being frightened of yourself . 
 of what you 've become . '' 
 `` i know what i 've become , '' he said . 
 `` that 's why i know i need to be afraid . '' 
 fear gripped me as i realized that the next thing he was going to say was something along the lines of `` you should be free . '' 
 he still thought he wa : ; a uun.leulu me , w!teu ! 
 te wa : ; auylltiug uut . 
 `` wital yuu 've uecume i : ; my aucltur , '' i : ; aid . 
 `` tite per : ; uu w!tu cuuuecl : ; me lu lith wurld . '' 
 he could n't fully believe me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 lucas breathed out heavily . 
 `` i only wish i could believe i could give you something worth having . '' 
 `` you do every day . 
 every second . 
 never doubt that . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said , but i knew he was n't completely convinced . 
 time to focus his attention on our real problems . 
 `` listen , '' i said . 
 `` i want to talk to you about mrs. bethany . '' 
 he half turned , so i could see his face . 
 `` do we have to go over this again ? '' 
 `` this is new . '' 
 as quickly as i could , i told him who christopher was , and what he had revealed to me about her past . 
 when i said that she 'd been black cross , lucas 's eyes went wide , but he said nothing . 
 once i 'd finished , i said , `` she 's not being sympathetic because she suddenly turned nice . 
 she just hates black cross as much as you do . '' 
 `` why do those have to be two separate things ? '' 
 i stared at lucas , stung . 
 he seemed more frustrated than before . 
 `` bianca , does being mad at black cross mean you lose the power to think rationally forever ? 
 or to care about other people ? 
 if so , i 'm screwed . '' 
 `` that 's not what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 lucas kicked at the iron scrollwork nearest his feet , making the ivy rustle . 
 `` why do you hate her so much ? '' 
 `` she 's a killer . '' 
 i had n't realized i could speak so loudly , or so sharply , while hardly more than a vapor . 
 `` she murdered eduardo , remember ? 
 and how many other members of your cell ? '' 
 `` the black cross cell that invaded this place to try and kill her ? 
 and eduardo - '' his hands gripped so tightly around the gazebo railing that i would 've thought it would hurt . 
 lucas had n't been very fond of his stepfather , but he worried about his mother being left alone , even now . 
 `` that happened when she came to the new york cell to try and rescue you . 
 or have you forgotten ? '' 
 `` she wanted revenge for the attack on the school ! 
 that 's what it was , revenge ! 
 and have you forgotten the traps she 's laid for the wraiths ? '' 
 `` you wanted to trap them yourself before you turned into one ! '' 
 lucas realized we were starting to shout and took a deep breath , calming himself . 
 i could n't exactly breathe in this state , but i tried to be more still . 
 the few fights lucas and i had had were always bruising , and besides , we did n't want anybody to start staring at us . 
 more quietly , he said , `` people can do things for more than one reason . '' 
 `` if it 's mrs. bethany , it 's not a good reason . '' 
 `` why do you believe that ? 
 seriously , bianca , do you have a reason for distrusting her besides the fact that she 's a hardass in the classroom ? '' 
 that caught me up short . 
 `` the people she 's killed - '' `` i 've killed plenty of vampires , '' lucas said . 
 `` i see now that they were people , too . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 always . '' 
 my mind raced . 
 when had i begun to fear mrs. bethany ? 
 was it nothing more than a juvenile dislike of a strict teacher ? 
 i could n't believe that , but i could n't give any better reason than this : `` call it instinct , lucas . 
 i do n't trust her . '' 
 `` we ca n't write her off on instinct alone . 
 not when she 's offering me - '' `` what is she offering you ? 
 besides vague promises ? '' 
 `` a place to live , '' he said . 
 `` the right to figure things out . 
 and maybe an end to this hunger . '' 
 lucas looked across the grounds , where a group of students were lounging . 
 humans . 
 i could tell . 
 even now , while we were in the heart of a passionate discussion , he could smell their blood and long for his first kill . 
 `` oh , lucas . '' 
 i dared to add a bit more substance to myself . 
 enough to touch his hand . 
 he closed his eyes tightly as i did . 
 `` do you think that could be real ? '' 
 he stepped back from the railing , newly energized . 
 his jaw was set as he looked at me - knowing , somehow , as he always did , how to look into my gaze . 
 `` i 'm about to find out . '' 
 `` lucas , wait ! '' 
 but i was too late . 
 he jogged from the gazebo , two steps at a time , heading straight for the carriage house . 
 lucas was walking right into mrs. bethany 's lair - and i knew at that moment , if she made him the right promise , i could be in danger of losing him forever . 
 chapter seventeen i followed lucas to mrs. bethany 's carriage house . 
 although i could have called out to him again , to try and stop him from doing this , i did n't . 
 we need to know , i told myself . 
 if she really can help him , then i should jet her do it . 
 was i resisting only because i was jealous that mrs. bethany could give ! 
 him something that precious - something i could n't ? 
 how petty . 
 how small . 
 no wonder lucas felt he could trust her , if i was so weak by comparison . 
 i would listen , and watch . 
 maybe i would hear that lucas could be free from the blood hunger . 
 if so , then i promised myself i 'd never say another bad word about mrs. bethany again . 
 as lucas knocked on the door , i cautiously took my now - familiar place at her windowsill , relieved to sense no traps nearby - then was startled . 
 someone already sat in front of her desk : samuel , no doubt being taken to task for the fighting earlier . 
 probably lucas would n't get a chance to have a serious conversation with mrs. bethany about anything . 
 i could n't decide whetj1er i was happy about that or not . 
 but when mrs. bethany opened the door and saw lucas , she said , `` what excellent timing , mr. ross . 
 please , step inside . '' 
 lucas did n't look any happier to see samuel than samuel did to see lucas . 
 `` is this about our altercation earlier ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 mrs. bethany gestured toward a chair in the corner of the room . 
 `` i was just having a conversation with mr. younger about his many disciplinary difficulties this year . 
 there is another matter - one i had planned to bring up with you later , mr. ross - but upon consideration , this seems as good a time as any . '' 
 mr. younger , aka samuel , drew himself up , obviously offended . 
 `` since when does that black cross scum have anything to do with running this place ? '' 
 `` i alone am the authority here . '' 
 mrs. bethany walked toward her desk , long dusty - violet skirt swirling around her . 
 as she laid one hand upon her 180 desk , i noticed again the framed silhouette she 'd always kept nearby . 
 christopher : she still looked at his face every day . 
 kept him close . 
 that made me wistful , and for a few moments i felt that i might have judged her wrong from the beginning . 
 she continued , `` as the authority at this school , i notice that you have been reprimanded by multiple instructors for offenses ranging from talking in class to bullying . '' 
 samuel had always looked like an average thick - headed jerk to me , but his expression hardened , and for the first time i could see the ancient monster within the boy . 
 `` this isn ' t actually a school , or did you forget ? 
 i do n't need to study algebra . 
 i need to figure out how to pass for human . 
 everything else here is a waste of my time . '' 
 `` harassing the human students seems , to you , a better use of your time ? '' 
 mrs. bethany arched one elegant eyebrow . 
 `` why are they even here ? '' 
 samuel shot back . 
 `` if you did n't bring them in to serve as our dessert tray , i do n't see the point . '' 
 she smiled , just a little , her eyes darting briefly toward lucas , who looked as confused as i felt . 
 `` you do n't see many things , mr. younger . '' 
 `` i ` vehad enough of this . '' 
 samuel rose as if to go , but mrs. bethany 's withering glare pinned him in place . 
 she steepled her hands upon her desk and spoke slowly and carefully . 
 `` i asked human students to this school because they were necessary to fulfill a . . . 
 pet project of mine . 
 an interest of mr. ross 's as well . '' 
 mrs. bethany looked directly at lucas as she said , `` the elimination of the bloodlust of our kind . '' 
 samuel snorted . 
 `` so leave me out of it . 
 i do n't want to be free from bloodlust . 
 i like bloodlust . 
 best thing about being what we are . '' 
 `` you enjoy being a vampire too much , i think , '' she said . 
 `` you 've forgotten the alternative . '' 
 `` so what ifl have ? 
 as far as i remember , being human kind of sucked . 
 i was weak , i had to eat vegetables , plus do n't forget having to go to the bathroom , what , like , multiple times every day ? 
 what a waste of time . '' 
 mrs. bethany cocked her head , taking his measure as she took something from one of the drawers of her desk - a small metal container . 
 a trap . 
 and yet i felt no pull toward it . 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 samuel said . 
 but she was n't paying any more attention to him . 
 to lucas , she said , ; ; do you know what this is ? '' 
 `` a trap , '' lucas replied . 
 his gaze was fixed on the box . 
 `` for a wraith . '' 
 i realized that ice flaked the metal container , meaning that a ghost was already trapped inside . 
 that was why it had no power over me ; the trap was full . 
 `` very good , mr. ross . '' 
 she rose to a standing position . 
 `` now , observe . '' 
 mrs. rp.th ; my whispp.rp.ci somp.thing in t . 
 tin ts shp . 
 opp.np.ci thp . 
 hox . 
 thp . 
 wrtith within r.tmp . 
 out - ts hol t of light thtt strur.k stmup.i squarp.ly in the chest . 
 he collapsed onto the floor , twitching violently ; the wraith seemed to be circling him , stuck to him , a writhing vapor going over each limb , covering his face , trying to get away but unable to move . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 lucas rose to his feet , obviously trying to figure out how to help samuel , if that was possible . 
 but mrs. bethany shook her head no . 
 fascinated , i stared as mrs. bethany withdrew a long knife with a black blade - obsidian , i realized . 
 despite the barrier of the house 's walls , the obsidian seemed to push me back . 
 then she stabbed downward - through the wraith , into samuel . 
 silvery blood mingled with red , and both of them screamed . 
 the wraith suddenly sank within samuel , clearly being absorbed by him . 
 samuel twitched one moment more , then sucked in a deep breath . 
 then another . 
 he pushed himself up on his elbows , staring at the oozing wound in his arm . 
 the blood was pulsing out pulsing - he has a pulse , i realized . 
 a heartbeat . 
 samuel stared up at mrs. bethany . 
 mute with shock . 
 his eyes were wild and vacant . 
 she straightened . 
 throwing back her shoulders and smiling so brilliantly that she looked younger for a moment . 
 beautiful . 
 terrible . 
 lucas took a halting step backward , then sat heavily in the chair , like his only 182 alternative would 've been to fall down . 
 `` it works , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm - '' samuel kept patting himself down , like that would make sense of it . 
 `` oh , god , i 'm human . '' 
 mrs. bethany began to laugh . 
 `` you 're alive . '' 
 my mind seemed to blank out , like where i should 've had thoughts , there was only white light and static . 
 what i 'd just seen was impossible - and yet , i 'd seen it . 
 `` make it stop . 
 make it stop . '' 
 samuel clawed at his uniform sweater , like he was trying to rip through his own chest to tear out the beating heart . 
 lucas had to open and close his mouth a couple of times before he could say , `` what - what did you do ? '' 
 `` the wraith and the vampire represent two halves of death , mr. ross . '' 
 her voice was again crisp and professional , but the hot light in her eyes had n't faded . 
 she stepped closer to samuel , who was by this point writhing on the floor , his living body apparently excruciating to him . 
 `` and yet , we also represent two halves of life . 
 the flesh . 
 and the spirit . 
 unite them once more . 
 and the result is ... resurrection . '' 
 `` i never heard of anything like that , '' lucas said . 
 `` black cross never told us this . '' 
 `` and yet they are among the very few who have ever known it . 
 it was among black cross documents i stole that i discovered this . '' 
 mrs. bethany leaned over samuel . 
 his distress did nothing to diminish her delight . 
 `` why did n't they share the knowledge ? 
 you would think anything that resulted in fewer vampires - but no . 
 black cross did n't merely want safety for humans . 
 they also wanted vengeance . 
 and what vengeance could they have had in giving vampires renewed life ? '' 
 `` make it stop , '' samuel repeated . 
 his voice was reedy now , which made it almost unrecognizable . 
 it was like coming back to life had driven him crazy . 
 lucas took a step toward samuel , but he did n't know how to help any more than i did . 
 he said , `` this ca n't be real . '' 
 `` feel his pulse ! '' 
 mrs. bethany grabbed samuel 's wrist ; he whimpered but did n't resist her . 
 then she let go , visibly steadying herself . 
 `` forgive 183 me . 
 i have known the theory for nearly four years , but this is my first successful test . '' 
 then lucas lifted his head , awareness dawning . 
 `` bianca , '' he said , and for a moment i thought he was talking to me . 
 but he continued , `` bianca was created when her parents made a deal with a wraith - '' `` another way for the combination of wraith and vampire to create life , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 `` though there , the result is the creation of a third , independent being . 
 here , we take the energy of a wraith and unite it with the body of a vampire . 
 ideally , the wraith 's consciousness is erased , leaving the energy to resurrect the vampire as the person he or she once was . '' 
 the wraith 's consciousness was erased ? 
 when you were a wraith , all you were was consciousness . 
 mrs. bethany was n'tjust trapping the ghosts . 
 she intended to kill them , a sacrifice so that vampires could live again . 
 and lucas had n't yet walked away . 
 he 's in shock , i told myself , and i knew it was true ; i was in shock myself . 
 but i also knew how profoundly lucas hated being a vampire . 
 if he had a chance to live again - to be fully human - what might he do to make it happen ? 
 lucas had focused again on samuel , who had begun thumping his head against the floor . 
 it should ' ve looked funny , but the disjointed , jerky way he moved was too unsettling for that . 
 `` what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 mrs. bethany sighed . 
 `` as i feared , using an unstable spirit results in an unstable human . 
 this one i had thought was a superior specimen , far more cogent than most of the wraiths we 've managed to ensnare thus far - and yet , obviously , not steady enough . '' 
 `` please , '' samuel whispered . 
 he 'd started to cry , and i realized that in his fists were strands of his own hair ; he 'd pulled it from his own scalp . 
 i saw that the wraith 's insanity had become a part of him now , as much as his blood or his bone . 
 mrs. bethany had restored him to life , but she had also wrecked him . 
 `` you just - '' lucas glanced at her . 
 `` did this as an experiment . '' 
 `` i did n't intend to go first myself , '' mrs. bethany said , `` and mr. younger had serious behavioral problems . 
 i have better uses for my time than hosting detention . '' 
 lucas frowned in a way i recognized as a sign of growing anger . 
 as much as he 'd suffered from samuel , he obviously never would have wished this on him . 
 `` seems like you could 've warned the guy . '' 
 `` i thought there was a reasonable chance he 'd be restored to life and health , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 she opened the front door , and samuel stumbled to his feet and ran for it . 
 his steps were unsteady , and he did n't go toward the school ; instead , he streaked toward the woods . 
 somehow i knew we would never see him again . 
 mrs. bethany came right to my window . 
 so close i shrank myself within the branches of the nearest shrub . 
 and watched him go . 
 `` who can say ? 
 in a decade or so , he may gain some stability . '' 
 `` should n't we go after the guy ? '' 
 lucas demanded . 
 `` and if that 's the best you can manage , you should n't have tried it on him in the first place . '' 
 `` angry , mr. ross ? '' 
 mrs. bethany looked more amused than anything else . 
 `` why so ? 
 though i have no reason to doubt your good intentions , i can not imagine your outrage is solely on mr. younger 's behalf . '' 
 `` you just - destroyed him ! 
 to test your theory ! '' 
 the angrier he got . 
 the warmer mrs. bethany 's smile became . 
 `` you 're upset because it did n't work , not in a manner you 'd wish to experience . 
 because you think i do n't have the answer i promised you . '' 
 `` that is not - '' `` is n't it ? '' 
 she put her hands on his shoulders . 
 they were face - to - face now , so close . 
 `` we can rise from the dead . 
 i have proved it . 
 we can trap the wraiths . 
 i have proved that , too . 
 now it is only a matter of finding suitable wraiths - those who are especially strong . 
 especially stable . 
 connected to the world in a meaningful fashion . 
 if we can only find such wraiths , and trap them , you and i will live again . '' 
 lucas 's face was a mask of rage , and yet her fmal words , jive again , made him shut his eyes tightly . 
 her voice became lower , softer , sweet . 
 `` i see how you look at the human students . 
 i know your hunger - it 's something we share . 
 i traded my human life to a vampire for the sake of love , and revenge , and two centuries later i remain trapped in the prison of my corpse . 
 it 's so heavy , is n't it ? 
 carrying around your own dead body ? 
 knowing yourself to be a monster and hating every urge you feel ? 
 but it 's almost over , lucas . 
 we 're almost free . '' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 they looked deeply at each other for a long second , and i thought , in desperation , i 've lost him . 
 for real , this time . 
 `` join me , '' she said , `` and live again . '' 
 lucas flung her hands from his shoulders . 
 `` no . '' 
 mrs. bethany stepped back , one hand to her throat . 
 `` mr. ross - '' `` you threw that guy away like he was nothing , '' lucas said . 
 `` you trashed him , and it does n't matter to you one bit . 
 you 'll destroy the wraiths like they ' re nothing , including - including the ones most like living things - and that does n't matter to you either . 
 i ca n't do that , not ever , not even to ... you know , i do n't care what magic you work . 
 even if you pull it off , even if you give yourself a heartbeat , you ` ii still be dead inside . '' 
 silence . 
 they stood there , regarding each other as though they were strangers . 
 mrs. bethany looked - sad . 
 crushed . 
 at last she said quietly , `` i had hoped you would be a part of this . '' 
 `` i had hopes , '' lucas said . 
 `` but i 'd never be a part of this . ' 
 he ran for the door and out onto the grounds . 
 how could i have doubted him , even for a second ? 
 lucas had stood by me . 
 he had kept my secret . 
 in the face of the ultimate temptation , he had walked away without any doubts . 
 amid my astonishment and horror , i also knew a deep , powerful joy . 
 i raced after him , a breeze high above the grounds , shaking down red and gold leaves from the trees so that they scattered behind me . 
 lucas ran into the forest , and at first i thought he must be going after samuel , though i could n't imagine what we could do to help him . 
 instead , as 186 soon as the trees concealed him from the school - in a small glade that i recognized as the place we 'd first met - he collapsed to the ground , on his hands and knees . 
 his breaths came raggedly , and i realized he was on the verge of tears . 
 i took form slowly , giving him time to tell me to go , if he wanted to be alone . 
 but he fumbled in his pocket , grabbing my brooch , and handed it to me . 
 as soon as i felt the jet , my body became entirely solid , and lucas clutched me to him with all his strength . 
 `` there 's a way out , '' he gasped . 
 `` there 's a way out , and i can never take it . '' 
 i held him tighter . 
 why hadn ' t i realized how much worse this would be for him ? 
 he 'd been promised a release from an existence he considered worse than any jail - and it was true ; every one of mrs. bethany 's promises was true . 
 it was the doorway out , and he would never walk through it . 
 then i considered that . 
 a small , scared feeling quivered inside me , but i did n't let it take me over . 
 i held lucas as he buried his face in the curve of my shoulder , his whole body shaking with suppressed emotion . 
 until i was sure , i couldn ' t speak . 
 finally i said , `` we could do it . '' 
 lucas shifted back , enough to see my face . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` the ritual . 
 what mrs. bethany did . '' 
 i steadied myself . 
 `` i could bring you back to life . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 'd be giving up whatever life or existence you have left , and then you 'd be gone forever . '' 
 `` you offered to do the same for me , '' i said . 
 `` remember ? '' 
 `` and you were brave enough to die in my place . '' 
 lucas brushed his thumbs across my cheeks and cradled my face in his hands . 
 `` i 'm not gon na give you anything less . '' 
 i hugged him again , and he sank against me like he was exhausted . 
 mrs. bethany would never hold power over him again , i knew , and yet his burden was heavier than ever . 
 it would never get any easier . 
 neither of us would ever die , or ever live again . 
 chapter eighteen later that night , up in the records room , we told the others what we 'd seen . 
 so , instead of just lucas and i being in total shock , each of us sat around mutely for about an hour . 
 mrs. bethany 's feat - returning a vampire to life - defied every physical and supernatural law any of us had ever known , and yet there was no denying what we 'd witnessed . 
 balthazar repeated , for about the eighth time , `` it 's still so ... unreal to me . 
 that there 's a way back to being alive . '' 
 `` does n't tempt me , '' patrice sniffed , as though she had n't spent the first ten minutes after our revelation repeating `` oh , my god , '' over and over . 
 `` i found out the hard way - once someone 's dead , in whatever way they happen to be dead , it 's best to leave things as they are . '' 
 she suddenly seemed to be highly interested in her rings . 
 but i knew she was remembering her long - lost love , amos , whom she had brought back as a ghost . 
 although patrice was too private to ever share the full details , it was clear the results had been tragic . 
 vic nodded . 
 `` raising the dead brings up serious monkey 's paw issues , definitely . 
 what do you think , ranulf ? '' 
 ranulf , by far the calmest of the vampires in light of this news , shook his head . 
 `` i was alive for seventeen years , '' he said . 
 `` i have been a vampire for approximately thirteen hundred years . 
 this is truer to my nature , now . '' 
 `` i 'd do it , '' balthazar said . 
 his eyes met mine apologetically . 
 `` if it did n't involve killing a sentient being , that is . 
 if it were anything else - i mean , anytllinrl 'd go back in a second . '' 
 `` so we know what she 's after now , '' lucas said . 
 his eyes had an unearthly focus ; he was strategizing , i realized , as a way of distracting himself from pain . 
 `` and we know we want to stop her . 
 so we need to find the traps . 
 clear this place out and make it safe for bianca , not to mention any other wraiths mrs. bethany has n't already snared . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan , '' balthazar said . 
 he had taken the only real chair in the room , while vic and patrice took the beanbags . 
 ranulf and lucas were both sitting on old crates , and i was levitating about halfway to the ceiling . 
 `` do we just want to divide the grounds up into sections , go through 188 them when we can ? '' 
 lucas shook his head . 
 `` i want to make one massive sweep . 
 she 's probably laying new traps all the time , but if we could get this place cleared out for a little while , it might make it easier to track what she does from here 0111 out . '' 
 `` when are we supposed to do that ? '' 
 patrice said . 
 `` someone 's going to notice . '' 
 lucas began , `` late at night , maybe - '' `` hang on , '' vic interrupted . 
 `` i 'm about to be brilliant . 
 what about the autumn ball ? '' 
 evernight academy 's biggest dance - the vampire version of the prom - was only a week away . 
 ranulf had a date , but to the best of my knowledge , nobody else did . 
 as i rolled the idea around in my mind , i liked it more . 
 `` everyone will be out , be busy , and lots of people will go into different rooms to make out or sneak a beer or whatever . 
 that makes it good cover for pretty much anything we would need to do . '' 
 `` there 's no we here , '' lucas said . 
 `` it 's too dangerous for you . '' 
 i wanted to argue , but in this particular case , lucas was n't being overprotective . 
 sending a ghost to find ghost traps would be a little like sending a vampire to inspect a stake factory . 
 `` well , then , it gives me something to watch while you guys are busy . 
 it 's a perfect distraction - balthazar , remember how you and i were able to go through the school records last year ? '' 
 after the words came out , i wished i could have pulled them back ; it was never a great idea to remind lucas , or balthazar , that balthazar and i had been on a date last year . 
 the silence that followed hung awkwardly in the room , until vic could n't take it anymore . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 he said , too cheerfuuy . 
 `` so we 're all going to the autumn ball . 
 ranulf and i have dates - what about you guys ? '' 
 `` since when did you get a date ? '' 
 i asked , joining his effort to brighten the mood of the evening . 
 vic looked sheepish . 
 ranulf said , `` upon questioning , my date revealed that she has a friend lovely in visage yet unfortunate in matters of romance . 
 we have therefore arranged for vic to accompany her to the ball . '' 
 `` you found him someone , '' i said . 
 `` hey , it works . '' 
 it occurred to me that maxie would probably be somewhat jealous about that . '' 
 `` d planned to travel that weekend , '' patrice said , `` but i suppose if i stayed , i could wear my new chane ! . 
 what do you say , balthazar ? 
 let 's be partners in crime . '' 
 balthazar sighed . 
 `` sure . 
 but one of these years , i hope to go to this party with somebody who actually wants to date me . '' 
 `` so that just leaves lucas , '' vic said . 
 then his face fell . 
 `` and that gets kinda awkward . '' 
 lucas shrugged . 
 'til be the guy who does n't go . 
 i can just dig around up in the dorms . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 although i hated this , i knew it was true : `` the people who go to the party are the ones who have the most freedom that night . 
 otherwise , the teachers will think that if you 're not in your dorm , you 've got to be up to something . '' 
 `` you want me to ask some other girl out on a date ? '' 
 his disbelief would 've been funny , if it were n't such serious business . 
 `` uh , no . 
 but is there someone you could maybe go with just as a friend ? '' 
 i hesitated , realizing that lucas only had one other friend at school - but maybe she would do . 
 `` like skye ? '' 
 `` would she understand it 's not a date ? '' 
 patrice said . 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 `` she 'd only be looking for a friend to go with , because she 's got a boyfriend back home . '' 
 `` actually , not so much , `` lucas said . 
 `` i heard her telling clementine earlier today - apparently her boyfriend just dumped her hard . 
 but she said she 'd date a guy again ` about six months after hell freezes over , ' so i 'm guessing she 'd only want a friend right now . 
 that 's not the real problem , though . '' 
 `` you would n't attack her , '' i said , trying to be soothing . 
 `` you 're getting stronger . 
 besides , you 'll meet her downstairs and be in the center of a crowd the whole time . 
 if you did snap , which you wo n't , somebody would be there to stop you . '' 
 lucas shook his head . 
 `` too risky . 
 let me go witl1 patrice , and balthazar , maybe you could ask skye . '' 
 `` i 've never so much as spoken to her , '' balthazar said . 
 `` she probably does n't know who i am . '' 
 patrice and i shared a look . 
 balthazar could be obtuse about his own good looks . 
 maybe he and skye had never spoken , but there was no way any straight girl or g * y guy at evernight academy did n't know exactly who he was . 
 `` so ask somebody else , '' lucas said . 
 more firmly , balthazar said , `` i think spending some time with a human would be a good idea for you . '' 
 he glanced at vic . 
 `` an . . . 
 undaubed human . 
 you ca n't stay at evernight much longer , now that things are getting weird with mrs. bethany . 
 eventually you 've got to test yourself . 
 try to strengthen your self - control . 
 and like bianca said , this is as good an opportunity as any . '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 lucas gave me an uneasy look . 
 `` bianca , are you sure about this ? '' 
 honestly , i felt a little jealous . 
 not of anything happening between lucas and skye - i had total faith in him . 
 but skye would get to dress up , go to the ball , and dance with lucas the whole night long , while i was stuck watching from the ceiling in the spectral version of the pajamas i 'd died in . 
 that was a pretty stupid reason to fret , though . 
 `` as long as she gets the whole friends thing , yeah . 
 it 's fme . '' 
 from his place in the beanbag chair , vic hung his head backward and grinned at lucas . 
 `` okay , it 's slightly losery to have your best friend find you a date , '' he admitted . 
 `` but way less losery than having your girlfriend find you one . '' 
 lucas scowled at him , though i could tell , despite his bleak mood , he thought it was funny . 
 `` shut it . '' 
 the preparations for the dance took a fair bit of time ; since i wouldn ' t be able to take part in the search , i did what i could on the prep work . 
 we mapped out the different areas of the school and decided who would slip out to which area , and when . 
 lucas seemed possessed by a wild , desperate energy . 
 he strategized more than any of the rest of us , studied longer than before , and made balthazar practice fencing with him for hours . 
 i thought that he was trying to keep himself in a perpetual state of exhaustion - so that he would be too tired to fully contemplate the fact that there was a way for him to live again , but it was one he could never take advantage of . 
 even the dancing lessons he took from patrice were intense and joyless , with lucas memorizing the steps as though they were black cross battle moves . 
 as important as our plans were , though , i could n't spend all my time preparing for the autumn ball search . 
 at moments , i had trouble so much as 191 thinking about it . 
 something else , just as important , was on my mind . 
 finally , wednesday night , the time came . 
 i waited in the forest grove with my coral bracelet nearby , eager and yet nervous , until i saw my father coming toward me . 
 quickly i slipped on my bracelet and ran forward for a hug . 
 he gathered me into his arms , so strong and warm that for a second it was as if i were a little girl again , scared of thunderstorms and trusting my daddy to protect me from the lightning . 
 `` is she here ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` she 's coming . '' 
 dad squeezed my hands . 
 `` i broke it to her a couple hours ago . '' 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 despite my father 's reassurance , i could n't stop worrying that my mother would n't be able to accept me as a wraith . 
 `` yes . '' 
 there was a strange note in his voice . 
 uncertainty . 
 fear pierced me ; dad must have seen it , because he quickly shook his head . 
 `` your mother loves you . 
 she just ... she ca n't accept that something so terrible has happened to you . 
 that 's what upsets her . 
 but it means the world to her to be able to be with you again . '' 
 something so terrible.those words resonated with me , not in a good way . 
 i wanted to turn them over in my mind and discover why , but there was no time - i could hear my mother 's footsteps on the thick carpet of pine needles upon the ground . 
 i peeifed past my father , searching for her . 
 as a wraith , my night vision was no longer as sharp as it had been during my vampire life . 
 so i heard my mother gasp first . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i stepped away from my dad , venturing closer to the edge of the grove , and then i saw her . 
 she stood shock - still , trembling slightly , hands shoved into the pockets of her long coat . 
 `` mom , it 's me . '' 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 her voice was almost too quiet to hear . 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 she did n't seem to be able to move , so i went to her - not running , as i had toward my father , but going slow , giving her time to take it in . 
 mom 's face did n't move ; she just blinked at me , for all the world like a rabbit too scared to run away from the hunter . 
 but when i finally got close to her , she sucked in a deep breath and said , `` bianca . '' 
 then her arms were around me , and my dad was hugging both of us , and for a short time there was nothing but warmth and tears and us saying 192 how much we loved each other . 
 it was pretty much totally incoherent , but i did n't care . 
 the only thing that mattered was that i finally had my whole family back again . 
 `` my baby , '' she said as we broke apart at last . 
 `` my poor baby . 
 are you - trapped here ? '' 
 `` not trapped , but no thanks to mrs. bethany . '' 
 time to bring that up later , i decided . 
 `` this is one of the places i can travel , and stay . 
 i 've been here for a while now , because lucas is here '' - my mother 's eyes narrowed , but i kept going - `` and balthazar , patrice , vic , ranulf , you guys , everyone . '' 
 she glanced from me to my father . 
 `` you 've been here for the last couple of months , and you can just ... hang out with your friends ? 
 as though it were normal ? '' 
 `` it is normal , '' i said . 
 `` for me , anyway . '' 
 `` we can - we can fix up your old room . '' 
 mom smiled hesitantly . 
 `` you could live up there with us , if you wanted to . '' 
 the thought of hanging out in my bedroom , watching winter snow fall on the gargoyle 's head , seemed like the loveliest pastime imaginable . 
 `` i can already travel there . 
 if you guys make it safe for me , i 'll be up there the whole time . '' 
 mom 's expression clouded . 
 `` safe . 
 you mean - getting rid of the traps . '' 
 `` your mother is frightened , '' dad interjected . 
 `` she 's disturbed by what we 've seen here so far . '' 
 `` most wraiths are n't like the ones trapped here at evernight . '' 
 i knew i needed to set the record straight . 
 `` some of them , yeah , they get creepy . 
 just like some vampires do . 
 but there are a lot of them who are n't that different from me . 
 they 're - they 're just people . 
 you do n't stop being who you are just because you died . '' 
 my mother clearly had n't been convinced . 
 `` then why are there so many attacking this school ? '' 
 `` they 're attacking this school because they 've been drawn here . 
 trapped here . 
 by mrs. bethany , '' i insisted . 
 to my surprise , dad cut in again . 
 `` celia , think about this . 
 everything mrs. bethany 's taught us , warned us about at this school - it 's more about attack than defense . 
 i think she 's known since the beginning . '' 
 `` exactly , '' i said . 
 `` she 's been planning to capture the ghosts all along - '' before i could finish , revealing the miracle within mrs. bethany 's plotting , my dad continued , `` what i mean is , she 's always known about 193 bianca . '' 
 mom 's hand clutched at the neck of her coat , gathering the wool together against a new chill . 
 `` adrian , what are you talking about ? '' 
 he said , `` i mean that mrs. bethany is after the wraith , and she always knew that our bianca had a chance to turn into a wraith someday . 
 looking back , i suspect that 's why we were offered jobs here in the first place . '' 
 `` mrs. bethany is after the wraiths , '' mom said . 
 `` and you think mrs. bethany is specifically after bianca . 
 that ca n't be true . 
 why would she do it ? '' 
 everything fell into place . 
 mrs. bethany wanted to live again . 
 she knew that capturing wraiths gave her the power to create life - but only the sacrifice of a powerful , stable wraith would ensure her sanity after the transformation . 
 and i , thanks to my special status as a born wraith , the many relationships that anchored me to this world , and the guidance of other powerful spirits that had found me when they , too , were drawn to evernight - i would be a perfect example . 
 i was mrs. bethany 's best chance at returning to life . 
 not for one second did i think she would hesitate ; if she could resurrect herself by murdering me , she would do it , gladly . 
 `` i know why , '' i said . 
 they took hands , as if expecting a terrible blow , and i broke it to them as gently as i could . 
 the rest of our family reunion was n't as heartwarming as i might 've wished . 
 when mom and dad weren ' t sick with anger at mrs. bethany , they were angry at themselves for coming to evemight academy in the first place . 
 instead of reminding them that i 'd been against this plan from the start sometimes `` i told you so '' is n't the best thing to say , even if later events have proved you totally correct - ! 
 told them what my friends and i were planning . 
 they agreed to serve as chaperones for the autumn ball , the better to make sure that the rest of us would be able to leave and return easily . 
 although they were thrilled that balthazar and patrice were playing a role in this , they both went very quiet anytime i mentioned lucas . 
 rather than force the issue , i hoped they would wind up talking to him on the night of the ball . 
 by cooperating on a common goal , maybe they could find a way to 194 be civil to each other . 
 because of that , i started looking forward to the ball - the dance , the hunt , everything . 
 by the time the night arrived , i was way too excited to just lurk in the great hall until everyone arrived . 
 i dedded to enjoy some vicarious glamour by visiting patrice 's room and helping her get ready for the dance . 
 the envy almost did me in . 
 her ball gown looked like it cost more than some cars . 
 the ice blue sheath was beaded from straps to hem , and her shoes were embroidered in fine crystals . 
 `` why could n't i appear in a dress like that ? '' 
 i said wistfully , helping to hold back the rest of her hair as she worked on the last few fine braids . 
 `` it 's sort of a wraith - y color . 
 way more angelic than these stupid pajamas . '' 
 `` they 're cute pajamas , and thank goodness . '' 
 patrice squinted at the mirror . 
 like most vampire girls at the school , she 'd cut back on her blood to look thinner and hungrier at the dance ; however , that meant she no longer reflected in a mirror very well . 
 `` if you ' d died in one of those old t - shirts you used to sleep in sophomore year ? 
 i shudder to think . '' 
 `` even if these were the cutest pajamas in the world , an evening gown would have to be better . '' 
 `` true , '' patrice said . 
 her smile was luminous . 
 there was nothing she liked more than dressing up . 
 or was that maybe not the only reason she was glowing ? 
 `` so , you and balthazar , '' i began . 
 `` just friends ? '' 
 she snorted , the least ladylike thing i 'd ever heard her do . 
 `` i told you before , remember ? 
 not my type . '' 
 `` yeah , i remember . '' 
 poor balthazar was going to have to wait a little longer for romance . 
 at least patrice was having fun getting dressed up . 
 no wonder , given that her clothing was this expensive and beautiful . 
 her drop earrings glittered with diamonds , as did the fine bracelet she wore . 
 she 'd coiled her thin braids into an elegant twist . 
 once she was getting done , i said , `` i 'm going to head on , okay ? 
 i 'll try to say hello during the dance ? '' 
 `` are you headed down already ? '' 
 patrice wore only her lacy underthings as she curled her eyelashes ; the ice blue dress waited on a hanger upon the closet door . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` urn , i might actually be going to watch lucas pick up skye . '' 
 patrice shot me a sidelong look . 
 `` you know nothing 's going on there , right ? '' 
 `` i know . 
 but she gets to go to the party with my boyfriend , and i do n't . 
 so if i go right now , after seeing how amazing you look , i 'll feel as though she 's totally average by comparison . 
 it helps , you know ? '' 
 she laughed , pleased as ever by flattery . 
 `` sure , go ahead . '' 
 i drifted down to the base of the stairwell , where most girls would be come down to find their escorts for the evening . 
 ranulf and vic had just met up with their dates ; the glamorous cristina snuggled on ranulf 's arm happily enough , but vic and his date regarded each other suspiciously . 
 no sooner had they walked out of the common area than lucas walked in . 
 he 'd managed to rent or borrow an evening suit . 
 i knew him well enough to know he had n't paid much attention to the process , but somehow the suit fit him perfectly , outlining his shoulders , his waist , and his hips . 
 his dark gold hair was combed back , something he rarely did . 
 the style made his hair seem darker , giving him a slightly older look . 
 i 'd never actually seen lucas dressed up before ; this might have been the first formal occasion he 'd ever attended in his life . 
 but his rugged good looks turned out to work just as well in midnight black as they did in jeans and flannel . 
 he could 've been in a cary grant movie . 
 no - he could 've been cary grant himself . 
 i ca n't wait to see him after this and tell him how amazing he looks , i thought dreamily . 
 oh , i wish we 'd been able 10 go to this dance together just once . 
 my giggly delight at lucas 's appearance lasted until skye appeared on the stairwell . 
 every guy in the room went quiet . 
 even the girls had to stare , including me . 
 skye 's dark brown hair , which normally hung straight , had been swept into a soft bun that left little tendrils free to curl around her oval face and exposed her long , slender neck . 
 her one - shouldered dress had a richly embroidered band just beneath her br ** sts , from which the chiffon material rippled to the floor . 
 the deep wine color set off her skin and her pale blue eyes . 
 on the average day , skye looked like a cute girl . 
 this was not the average day . 
 when she wanted people to notice her , it turned out nobody would 196 be able to look away . 
 sick with jealousy , i wanted to dart from the room that instant , rather than see lucas offer her his arm . 
 if i did that . 
 though , i 'd torture myself wondering what he 'd said to her , what she 'd said back , everything . 
 though i knew lucas loved me , i could n't help feeling insecure when comparing myself to a beautiful girl who had such a gorgeous body - heck , even one who just had a body , period , all of tile time . 
 so i stayed put to see lucas walk up to her . 
 his smile was appreciative , but something else , too . 
 uncertain , maybe ? 
 `` hey . 
 wow , skye . 
 you look amazing . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she seemed to wilt ; why would a compliment have made her feel so awful ? 
 but then she caught a bit of the chiffon between two of her fmgers . 
 `` some dress , huh ? '' 
 `` you can say that again . '' 
 `` i bought it to sweep craig off his feet . 
 craig , who is now dating a girl named britnee . 
 with two es . 
 somehow the two es make it worse . '' 
 there was no flirtation in her , i realized ; her exquisite appearance tonight was like a battle flag - a symbol of her refusal to surrender , though her heart was broken . 
 `` do n't let it spoil your night , '' lucas said quickly . 
 `` forget about that jerk , okay ? '' 
 though her shoulders still drooped a bit , skye nodded , and i relaxed . 
 there was n't any reason to be jealous of her . 
 well , except for that awesome dress . 
 `` i 'm done crying over him . 
 tonight i just want to hang out with my friends and dance . '' 
 `` i can oblige . '' 
 when lucas offered his arm to her , i found i did n't mind . 
 the autumn ball was always a spectacle - something out of another century , harkening back to the grander events so many of the vampire students remembered from when they were young . 
 instead of a oj or a band , a small orchestra played classical music , which turned out to be a lot more danceable than you 'd think . 
 instead of glittery lights or modern decorations , the great hall was illuminated with hundreds of candles , many set in place in front of hammered brass or old - fashioned , smoky mirrors to reflect the light throughout the room . 
 every guy wore an evening suit or a tux ; every girl wore a floor - length dress , and some of them had gloves to match . 
 it was the kind of grand occasion every girl - and more of the guys than 197 would readily admit it - wanted to be a part of at least once . 
 i 'd attended twice with balthazar , and had loved my dresses , the dancing , and everything else . 
 however , it turned out to be just as much fun to watch , from above , where i darted amid the hanging chandeliers lit by candles . 
 sometimes i laughed , either watching lucas carefully navigate skye through the waltz , almost visibly counting one - two - three , or vic and his date , keeping each other at full arm 's length and obviously both plotting an early escape . 
 other times , i watched in admiration ; some of the dancers were clearly expert and eager to show off their many years of experience . 
 balthazar and patrice were the most beautiful of all , moving gracefully at the heart of the dance . 
 and , of course , every once in a while , one of them would slip out to continue the hunt . 
 my parents would always nod at them as they went past - mom pretty in a cream silk dress i had n't seen before . 
 lucas went most often , as much as everyone else put together . 
 was that because of his crazed drive to do something productive ? 
 because skye excused herself frequently to goof around with her friends on the outskirts of the dance ? 
 or because he did n't trust himself to be in such close proximity to a human ? 
 all of the above , i suspected . 
 each time he went out , he walked by my parents , and the three of them would get very tense . 
 but they were acknowledging each other now , mom and dad getting over their anger , and i hoped it was a positive sign . 
 everything was going perfectly , until i felt a chill - and the visions began . 
 my mind filled with image after image of the humans below , people i 'd never known well but now felt an intimacy with that was as powerful as love . 
 different faces , different emotions , different ages : every human being down there felt precious to me now . 
 and above this , a darkening veil of terror for those humans ' safety , and hatred of the vampires who danced in their midst . 
 the wraiths . 
 the plotters , to be exact . 
 suddenly i could feel them over the entire dance , gathering like storm clouds . 
 was this how the attack had begun a year ago ? 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i whispered , safe that i was far enough above the crowd for the orchestra to drown out my words . 
 the images changed to violence : vampires being set aflame , being frozen within blocks of ice , being caught in the kinds of traps that mrs. bethany set for ghosts . 
 no one plan took form , but i could tell what it meant . 
 these ghosts feared for their anchors ' safety , and for their own . 
 and they wanted revenge on the vampires below , for mrs. bethany 's plan . 
 those people are safe , i promised . 
 if you want to move on , you know that i can help you . 
 i expected surprise , happiness , maybe a rush to depart . 
 instead i felt only a deeper wave of fear . 
 honestly , i was n't much less frightened myself , and i did n't yet know how - or if - i could perform the wonders christopher claimed . 
 so how could i make them any promises ? 
 yet i felt that , if they would follow me , i had to try . 
 if i was able to usher several of the wraiths away from evernight academy in one swoop , that would be as effective at stopping mrs. bethany as anything else we could do . 
 but a hard rush of refusal hit me , like a hard - breaking wave on the shore in winter . 
 and then a rising tumult of energy . 
 aimed downward , in points like a hundred arrows - what 's happening?i thought . 
 i looked wildly at the crowd ; balthazar and patrice were off hunting traps , but everyone else i cared for was down there dancing . 
 there was no time even for a warning . 
 the energy streaked toward the floor like thunderbolts , and i expected a rain of ice or snow . 
 maybe ghostly apparitions . 
 i did n't expect every single human in the crowd to instantly collapse , unconscious . 
 the orchestra 's music snarled into something unrecognizable as instruments stopped , one by one , and the vampires began to react . 
 a few of them were obnoxious enough to laugh , but most of them were worried - either about humans they cared for , or because something obviously dangerous was happening . 
 lucas knelt on the floor , two fingers at skye 's neck to check for a pulse . 
 ranulf held cristina in his arms , though she was completely limp , her head flopping backward . 
 vic lay facedown , his arms and legs splayed awkwardly like an abandoned rag doll . 
 and then he moved - or . 
 i should say . 
 his body moved . 
 because i knew from the first moment that whatever was rising was n't vic . 
 i realized : i was n't the only wraith with the power to possess humans . 
 the other humans began coming to as well , but their eyes were clouded - a milky greenish color all over , with no pupil or iris . 
 yet none of them were blind . 
 their movements were slow and awkward , as though they had not moved in a very long time . 
 lucas drew back as skye , or something that looked like skye , stared malevolently at him from her place on the floor . 
 vic squared his shoulders as he pulled himself fully upright . 
 if i had n't already sensed that maxie was n't among the attackers , i would have known that she was n't the one possessing him just from the expression on his face . 
 it was so unlike vic , so strange for him , that it took me a while to recognize the emotion i saw - cruelty . 
 he shouted , `` mrs. bethany ! '' 
 it was n't vic 's voice . 
 it was a hoarse rasp that made me instantly think of someone whose throat had been cut . 
 i wished desperately for a mirror to free him - but would the traps work if a wraith was possessing a human being ? 
 remembering how securely armored i had felt when i 'd possessed kate , i suspected not . 
 mrs. bethany stepped forward . 
 she did n't look scared . 
 just mildly interested . 
 her long , starched dress of lace was stark white . 
 `` free our kind , '' vic said . 
 the crazy raspy voice seemed to make the entire room shiver . 
 `` free us . 
 or we shall strike , and your kind will perish . '' 
 smoothly she replied , `` if you force me to exorcise you from your anchors , they will suffer terribly . 
 some might die . '' 
 the mask of cruelty on vic 's face did n't waver . 
 `` you have been warned . '' 
 then , suddenly , as if the marionette strings had been cut , all the humans collapsed again - but this time , only for a second . 
 within moments , they were up , rubbing their heads if they 'd fallen , confused about what had just happened . 
 nobody seemed to remember exactly , which was probably a mercy for everyone involved . 
 i tried to take hope . 
 we were collecting most of the traps tonight . 
 once we figured out how to act safely , we 'd be able to free the wraiths ourselves . 
 given time , i could probably convince many of them to leave this realm with me , if they could no longer remain safe here . 
 and yet i sensed that something terrible had already been put into motion - something we might not be able to stop . 
 chapter nineteen `` i ca n't believe i went all evil . '' 
 vic sat on the steps of the gazebo , where we 'd gathered after the chaos had died down . 
 although it was n't yet midnight , the autumn ball was definitely over . 
 `` did i shoot ftre out of my eyes or something cool like that ? '' 
 `` no , you were just scary as hell . '' 
 lucas leaned against the gazebo railing . 
 he 'd loosened the tie of his evening suit and undone his collar , a view i wished i had time to appreciate more . 
 skye , like most of the human students and plenty of the vampires , had long since retreated to their rooms for the full - scale freakout that evidently followed a mass possession . 
 `` they just would n't listen to you , bianca ? '' 
 `` they listened , but they were afraid . '' 
 i sat on the railing next to him , all but solid ; nobody outside our group was around to see . 
 `` whatever they 're planning , it 's coming soon . 
 if we don ' t free the wraiths quickly , i 'm scared they 'll start hurting people - humans , vampires , everybody . '' 
 patrice , who had n't witnessed the possessions and , as such , was thinking more clearly than most of us , began analyzing our position . 
 `` we were able to sweep most of the areas we wanted to . 
 a total of forty - seven traps are in the records room . 
 it stands to reason that we did n't find every single one of the traps , but we must have the majority of them by now . 
 so if we 're able to do that , it should change the wraiths ' minds , right ? 
 or at least give them some reason to hope , and show them that we 're on their side . '' 
 my mother shifted on her feet , and my dad slipped his arm around her shoulders in a half hug . 
 i knew she found it difficult to think of herself as being on the side of the wraiths , but she had n't fled ; she stood here with us . 
 `` we have to free the trapped wraiths , '' i said . 
 `` and after that , destroy the traps we 've got , to stop mrs. bethany from using them again . '' 
 `` it is unlikely that anyone so determined as mrs. bethany would allow herself to be stopped by the destruction of a few traps , '' ranulf pointed out . 
 i nodded . 
 `` but when we 've freed the trapped ones , the wraiths who have traveled to evernight will stop being so afraid . 
 i can convince some of 201 them to leave then , maybe . '' 
 `` and maybe it 's not a bad idea to start tipping off the human students , '' balthazar said , catching on to the idea . 
 `` the hauntings did n't scare them off , but possession might . '' 
 lucas added , `` and if possession does n't , vampires certainly will . 
 i 'm not above showing my fangs if it will get some human students out of this school for good . '' 
 `` so we can really shut her down . '' 
 i began to get excited ; for the first time in far too long , it felt like i was getting the upper hand over mrs. bethany . 
 `` destroy the traps , empty the school of anybody except the vampires who need to be here . '' 
 my father looked wary . 
 `` when we destroy the traps , we 'll disrupt the deep magic inside . 
 it 's going to be an enormous release of energy . 
 nobody will be able to miss it . '' 
 lucas grimaced . 
 `` in other words , mrs. bethany 's going to know we 've messed up her plan . 
 not later , when we start telling the human students right away . '' 
 from his place within the gazebo , where he sat on one of the long benches , balthazar said , `` and she 'll act . 
 immediately . 
 when we do this , we have to be ready for the repercussions . '' 
 `` she would n't actually kill - '' another vampire , i wanted to say , but i couldn ` t , not after seeing what she 'd done to samuel younger . 
 mrs. bethany had nurtured this plan as her dearest wish for two centuries , and she would n't hesitate to destroy anybody who got in her way . 
 when i looked at my father , he nodded once in confirmation . 
 `` she would , '' dad said . 
 `` and she 's played favorites a lot this year - among the faculty and the students . 
 i suspect other vampires are in on her plan . 
 if we do n't want to get staked or worse , we need to get out of here as soon as we 've set the wraiths free . '' 
 lucas turned to my parents - the first time i 'd seen him directly speak to one of them since that initial altercation with my mother at the top of the school year . 
 `` any chance she 's going to be gone for a while anytime soon ? '' 
 there was an awkward pause that made me cringe , but then dad seemed to pull himself together . 
 `` no such luck . 
 but we could come up with a distraction , maybe . 
 a crisis to get her off the grounds for a day . 
 she 'd hear about it when she got back , but that would buy us some time to cover our 202 tracks . '' 
 `` she ' ll know i 'm in on it , '' lucas said . 
 `` after i turned her down flat the other day - she 's got to know . 
 but hopefully i can cover for the rest of you . '' 
 mom cleared her throat , like it cost her some effort to speak to lucas politely . 
 `` mrs. bethany will suspect us , too , especially if we 're involved in getting her off campus . 
 so we should just agree now that it was the three of us . 
 nobody else . '' 
 `` hey , that 's not necessary , '' balthazar said . 
 `` spare me the noble routine , okay ? '' 
 lucas shot him a look . 
 `` nobody wants that woman on their bad side if they can help it . 
 so do n't be stupid . '' 
 to my surprise , balthazar grinned . 
 `` you 're a good friend , lucas . 
 though you 'll never admit it . '' 
 they shared a smile , and i could see my parents realizing that - against the odds - lucas and balthazar had actually gotten fairly tight . 
 for some reason , the fact that i loved and accepted lucas did n't have as much impact on them as that simple proof of friendship . 
 vic made at sign with his hands . 
 `` time out from the male bonding , okay ? 
 there 's one thing we have n't talked about - bianca . '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you 're , like , superghost , right ? 
 so you 're exactly who mrs. bethany is gunning for . '' 
 vic looked from person to person , as if hoping someone would contradict him , but of course nobody could . 
 `` okay , so how do we stop her from figuring out that you 're a wraith ? 
 and that you 're here ? 
 because she 's got to be on the lookout . '' 
 `` you 've all been really careful , '' mom said . 
 her eyes briefly met lucas 's , as if thanking him for helping to protect me . 
 it was a small moment , but it made me want to hug her harder than ever . 
 `` she has to know that bianca 's changed into a wraith , but maybe - maybe mrs. bethany does n't realize that she 's here . 
 if she did know , would n't she have tried to capture bianca before now ? '' 
 i had to admit that was a good point . 
 the traps were n't for me specifically ; lucas 's room had n't been targeted . 
 mom continued , `` i do n't like not knowing how much mrs. bethany knows , but hopefully it 's about to be a moot point . 
 within a couple of weeks , 202 i suspect the three of us will have left evernight academy forever , and . . . 
 you 'll come with us , wo n't you , bianca ? '' 
 `` wherever you guys are . '' 
 i leaned my head on lucas 's shoulder , with enough weight to make him smile . 
 the glowing strands of my hair fell across his chest . 
 `` that 's where i 'll be . '' 
 afterward , as everybody prepared to go back into the school , i went invisible , becoming no more than a vapor trailing overhead . 
 balthazar , i noticed , rose from his seat but did n't walk away with the others , lingering at the gazebo a moment longer . 
 the moonlight outlined his silhouette amid the scrollwork iron and the ivy . 
 i drifted a little lower and whispered , `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said , though his voice was odd . 
 i remembered the autumn ball two years ago , when we had walked out here together to watch the stars ; it was the night i 'd told him that i loved lucas , and i was still learning how deeply that had affected him . 
 was he recalling that night , too ? 
 balthazar looked up in my general direction and said , `` lucas is heading up to double - check the traps , make sure they 're well hidden . 
 so he wo n't be going to bed for at least an hour or so . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what about it ? '' 
 `` i want you to come into my mind when i 'm dreaming tonight . '' 
 immediately i knew why he was asking , what he planned to do . 
 `` balthazar ... i do n't know if that 's a good idea . 
 we 're headed into a fight . 
 you need your strength . '' 
 til be all right . 
 it 's taken me a long time to face what i have to do - but i see it now . 
 we ca n't put this off any longer . '' 
 his expression was unreadable , but his voice was firm . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 after spending a couple of months second - guessing him at every turn , for something that had n't been his fault to begin with , i owed him that , did n't i ? 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll come . '' 
 we went back into the school . 
 the great hall 's grandeur was in shreds - the candles were out , the flowers had been knocked on the floor by panicking students , and the orchestra 's bandstand had clearly been abandoned in a hurry . 
 balthazar unfastened his bow tie and cuffs as he went up the stairs ; his footsteps echoed on the stone . 
 after what had happened earlier tonight , i was willing to bet that most people remained wide awake and would be for hours , but nobody was risking wandering around alone at midnight . 
 balthazar did n't turn on the lights when we entered his dorm room . 
 that was probably so he could have some privacy while he undressed ; of course , i looked away regardless . 
 the moonlight was at work again , though , so i could see his shadow against the wall as he slipped off his shirt and unbuckled his belt . 
 and he 's not patrice 's `` type '' ? 
 i thought . ! 
 just do n't get that . 
 when i heard the covers on his bed rustle , i returned to watching him , hovering just above his bed . 
 balthazar lay on his side , and he appeared to be one of those lucky people who only had to close his eyes before sleep began . 
 within a few short minutes , i could sense that he was dreaming . 
 although i felt awkward about doing it - almost as though i were cheating on lucas just by sharing this with anybody else - i stretched myself thin and dove downward , into the very center of balthazar 's sleeping mind - and found myself in the forest , again at nighttime . 
 at first i thought these were the woods near evernight , but then i realized that was n't right . 
 most of the trees here were taller , and some of them were hugely thick - ancient , perhaps . 
 in the distance , i could hear a few people talking , and some other sound : horses ' hooves . 
 as i peered through the inky night , i realized that the people were riding in an old - fashioned wagon along a dirt road , and the clothes they wore were unfamiliar , with large hats and long cloaks . 
 it reminded me somewhat of the scene i 'd glimpsed in christopher 's memories of his life , but i sensed this was longer ago . 
 `` you made it , '' balthazar said . 
 i turned to see him standing next to me , wearing the same kind of clothes ; because he was closer , i could see that he wore trousers that only came to his knees , with high boots that flared out slightly at the top . 
 his coat was belted , his cloak trimmed with fur . 
 his hat - well , despite everything , i had to smile . 
 `` you look like the star of the thanksgiving pageant . '' 
 til have you know , this was colonial high fashion in the year 1640 . '' 
 balthazar readjusted his hat so that it sat at a slightly more rakish angle . 
 s more serious now , i said , `` is this what you dream about ? 
 your life ? '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 balthazar pointed toward a distant light - the glow of an oil lamp in the window of a small cottage . 
 `` let 's see what we can see . '' 
 i walked with him through the woods until we reached the clearing for the cabin . 
 it was more primitive than i would have imagined , though when i thought about it , this made sense ; balthazar had probably helped his father build this house with their hands and whatever few tools they 'd possessed . 
 smoke curled up from a slightly crooked stone chimney , and the single window was covered with some kind of waxy paper , rather than glass . 
 a shaggy dog slept next to the chimney , his back to the warmth . 
 balthazar smiled and leaned down to pet him . 
 `` hello , fido . '' 
 fido did n't stir . 
 maybe he could n't feel the touch , in dreams . 
 then , from inside , i heard a woman 's voice , sharp and angry . 
 `` your disobedience tasks us , charity . '' 
 `` i 'm ever so sorry , mother . '' 
 charity 's voice rang out , clear , strong , and not sorry . 
 `` but i 'm afraid i have to disobey you even more . '' 
 i 'd known this moment was coming from the time balthazar had first asked me to come into his dream , but that did n't make it easier to face . 
 to judge by the dread in balthazar 's eyes , he felt the same way . 
 balthazar walked to the front door and pulled it open . 
 there i could see charity , standing in a long , dark dress with a white apron , and a small white cotton bonnet on her head . 
 her face was younger than i rememb - ered - this was her a couple years before death , when she was only a child . 
 in front of her sat two people who were clearly charity 's and balthazar 's parents , dressed in the same stark fashion as their children , their faces stern and unamused . 
 charity grinned , a too - adult expression on a face rounded with baby fat . 
 she tugged her bonnet from her head , exposing her fair curls . 
 `` i 'm not going to cover my head any longer . 
 in fact , i do n't think i 'll cover any of my body , ifl do n't want to . '' 
 `` the devil has gotten into you , my girl , '' boomed their father . 
 he looked like an older , heavier version of balthazar - but harder , somehow . 
 unpleasant . 
 there was no love in him as he scolded his daughter , only disapproval . 
 `` that 's right ! '' 
 charity laughed out loud , glorying in disobeying her stern parents . 
 `` do you want to see what the devil can make me do ? '' 
 to balthazar , i whispered , `` was she always like this ? '' 
 `` i used to think it was just rebellion , '' he said . 
 `` but , yeah . 
 charity was always looking for trouble , from the beginning . '' 
 at that moment , charity noticed us . 
 her face instantly shifted from gleeful triumph to confusion . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 what is she doing here ? '' 
 `` let me at her , '' i whispered . 
 after what she 'd done to lucas , i felt like i could rip her apart . 
 `` no , '' balthazar said , stepping between us . 
 `` she can hurt you here . 
 but for me , this is just a dream . 
 she does n't have any power over me . '' 
 just like she 's attacked lucas - he 's attacking her . 
 balthazar leaped forward , tackling charity and sending them both sprawling to the ground . 
 although their parents protested , neither balthazar nor charity paid them any heed ; they were dream phantoms only . 
 this fight was for real . 
 she backhanded him savagely . 
 but balthazar managed to twist one of her arms behind her and thrust her toward the fireplace . 
 when her face was only a few inches from the flames , she started to scream . 
 `` stop it ! 
 stop it ! 
 balthazar , you 're hurting me ! '' 
 `` and i hate it . '' 
 his voice shook . 
 `` you know that i do . '' 
 `` it was n't enough to kill me ! '' 
 she twisted violently in his grasp , trying to claw at him with her free arm , but she could n't quite reach . 
 the scene , terrible enough as it was , looked even worse when i realized how childish and helpless charity seemed . 
 `` now you want to torture me ? '' 
 `` i want to leave you alone . 
 just like you want to leave me alone . 
 but you have to let lucas go . '' 
 charity laughed , though her gold curls began to smolder . 
 `` he 's mine . 
 all mine . 
 you loved her better than me , and she loved him better than you . 
 but she 'll never have him the way that i do . '' 
 `` you 're going to let lucas go , '' balthazar repeated . 
 `` or else . . . 
 every single night you go into his dreams to torture him ? 
 i 'll come into your dreams and do the same thing back to you . '' 
 `` you do n't have the right ! 
 not after what you did to me ! '' 
 `` if i could go back in time and kill myself rather than turning you , i 'd do it . '' 
 balthazar was shaking now , either with the effort of holding the 207 struggling charity close to the fire or from pure emotion . 
 `` but i 've let guilt control me for too long . 
 you 're a menace , charity . 
 you hunt , and you kill , and i should have stopped you a long time ago . '' 
 `` by killing me ? '' 
 charity 's voice had changed ; real pain had slipped in . 
 `` again ? '' 
 balthazar did n't answer . 
 `` you 're going to let lucas go . 
 you 're going to stop invading his dreams forever . 
 if you ever break your word - ever - i promise you , i 'll know , and you 'll be sorry . '' 
 charity tried again to claw at him , but without the same strength . 
 i could smell burning hair . 
 `` it hurts . 
 balthazar , it 's hot . '' 
 `` you 're going to let lucas go . '' 
 balthazar never flinched , but i saw the dampness shining in his eyes . 
 despite everything , he wanted to protect his little sister - and despite that , he was willing to do this , for lucas and for me . 
 after a long moment , she whimpered , almost too quietly to hear , `` okay . '' 
 `` swear it . '' 
 `` i swear ! 
 now stop ! 
 just stop ! '' 
 balthazar pulled charity away from the fire and shoved her toward the far corner . 
 soot had blackened her apron and her cheeks , where i could see the outlines of tears . 
 `` this is for her , is n't it ? '' 
 she pointed at me , her hand shaking . 
 her face was so terribly young . 
 `` did you pick another girl to save because you ca n't save me ? '' 
 `` i ca n't save you , '' he repeated dully . 
 `` but i love you , charity . '' 
 she threw the fireplace brush at him and started to cry . 
 that was probably charity 's version of `` i love you , too . '' 
 as she wept brokenly beside the fireplace , balthazar rose and walked out , past the now - mute , reactionless forms of his parents . 
 i followed him , saying nothing at first . 
 he paused by the dog for a few more seconds , watching it sleep . 
 when i dared to speak again , i said , `` you did n't have to do that . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . '' 
 balthazar pulled his fur - trimmed cloak more tightly around himself . 
 `` charity would n't have stopped any other way . '' 
 `` will she keep her word ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 strangely enough , when she actually makes a promise , she keeps it . '' 
 we began walking farther away from the house into the woods . 
 the air smelled so fresh and clean - there would have been no po!jution yet , no 208 engines , no smog . 
 `` i know that was hard for you , '' i said . 
 `` to violate the bond in that way . 
 to hurt her . '' 
 balthazar winced , but he said , `` i did what i had to do . 
 maybe lucas can find some peace now . '' 
 `` do you think so ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' he said again , and i knew that balthazar had seen the same desperation in lucas that i had . 
 then he lifted his head , looking toward the distance , and a small smile flickered upon his face . 
 i followed his gaze toward another cottage in the very far distance . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` that 's where jane lived . '' 
 it was the only time he 'd ever openly acknowledged his long - lost love to me . 
 i 'd never learned what had gone wrong for them , but i knew that his passion for her had endured the four hundred years from then until now . 
 greatly daring . 
 i said , `` do you want to go see her ? 
 i could leave . '' 
 `` she would only be a dream . '' 
 balthazar looked down at me sadly . 
 `` i 'm done with dreams . '' 
 we took hands for a moment , the briefest of touches . 
 then i willed myself up and out , toward waking . 
 when i appeared again in the dorm room , balthazar remained asleep . 
 now , though , he was n't dreaming ; he just rested . 
 i brushed a hand against his dark curls in gratitude . 
 the next day , a cold hush had fallen over the school . 
 winter 's first hard frost had silvered the trees and the ground , but after last night . 
 that seemed less like nature taking its course and more as though the wraiths had claimed the entire world for their own . 
 the vampire students , mostly petrified of the wraiths , kept to their rooms ; even the human students - usually calmer about these things , given that they came from haunted homes - seemed disquieted by the possessions . 
 a few kids had already dropped out ; we might not have to work too hard to get the rest of the humans to leave . 
 as i zipped around the school . 
 free at last to move around without fear . 
 i saw almost no one in the hallways and heard no talking or laughter . 
 frozen , i thought . 
 frozen in place . 
 mrs. bethany remained in her carriage house . 
 once or twice i saw her silhouetted against her windows . 
 although i doubted she was scared of the wraiths . 
 or of anything . 
 she had apparently decided to remain in a structure that was completely safe from ghostly invasion . 
 had she discovered that her traps were missing yet ? 
 if so , she gave no sign . 
 in the meantime . 
 her absence from the school building gave us a brief window to meet without worrying about being observed . 
 everyone gathered in my parents ' apartments . 
 vic sprawled on the sofa , a slight fuzz on his cheeks from where he 'd failed to shave . 
 next to him , ranulf and patrice drank cups of the coffee my mother had made for us . 
 lucas took the chair at the farthest end of the room , like he thought my parents might chuck him out at any second , but mom brought him coffee , too . 
 i stayed near him , and maxie dared to materialize right at the doorway , where everybody could see her . 
 `` next weekend will be our best chance , '' mom said as she set the coffeepot down . 
 `` mrs. bethany sometimes takes advantage of riverton trips to leave the school for a couple of days . 
 we can encourage that . '' 
 vic brightened . 
 `` yeah , and with the rest of the humans in town on the friday trip , less chance of us getting found out , right ? 
 oh , man , i just called people humans . '' 
 `` actually , no , '' dad said . 
 `` the vampire students throw their biggest parties of the year when the humans are gone . 
 which is he!j on the chaperones , but more to the point , makes it hard for us to get something done . 
 but if we wait until the next night , that saturday - a week from today mrs. bethany won ' t have returned yet , and we 'll have freedom to work . '' 
 lucas and i shared a look . 
 he said , `` we were going to talk to some former black cross friends of ours in riverton . '' 
 `` black cross , '' mom muttered , in the same tone of voice she used when she swore . 
 `` it 's raquel , mom , '' i said . 
 `` and dana , who helped us get away when we were nearly caught last year . 
 they 're our friends , plus they 're fighters , and they have a little experience in capturing wraiths . 
 we should make them a part of this . 
 they could help , both with the wraiths and with getting you and dad and lucas away afterward . '' 
 mom and dad clearly were n't sure what to think , but they nodded . 
 i turned to maxie . 
 `` okay , when the wraiths are freed , they 're going to ... freak out . '' 
 `` you got it , '' maxie said . 
 `` we 're talking about fireworks , like the fourth of july . 
 energy and light and frost going in every direction . 
 bianca will 21o have to guide them where they need to go , whether that 's back to their original homes or on to the next realm , whatever . 
 away from here - that 's the main thing . 
 i '11 help if i can . '' 
 `` awesome , '' vic said , and he and maxie shared a quick look before she ducked her head , which hid her smile . 
 patrice nodded . 
 `` so , once the traps are emptied , we destroy them . 
 that 's not easy , though , given that adds up to , like , a couple hundred pounds of metal . '' 
 `` a great cataclysmic force will be required , '' ranulf said . 
 `` i shall handle the explosives . '' 
 `` whoa , there , cowboy , '' lucas cut in . 
 `` we do n't have to break them down to atoms . 
 all we have to do is make them useless as traps . 
 mrs. bethany ca n't have an infinite supply of these things . '' 
 my father said , `` our bigger issue is the magical element within the traps . 
 i do n't know much about that - i do n't think any of us here does - but it 's not as simple as demolishing scrap metal . 
 i should be able to come up with a chemical solution that will work , but the results will still be . . . 
 how did you put it , maxie ? '' 
 `` fireworks , '' she replied . 
 `` i do not see how this is different than explosives , '' ranulf said . 
 that won a round of laughter , and then people began talking animate - dly about the plan and our chances of success . 
 for some reason , it hit me then how extraordinary it was that these people had come together . 
 the only obvious thing they had in common was that they each knew me , but they weren ' t here for me - at least not only . 
 or not mostly for me . 
 they were here because they 'd learned to look past their old prejudices and fears and see each other for who they were . 
 maxie 's willingness to engage again with the living world , the vampires ' acceptance of wraiths and humans as their equals and allies , lucas taking what was good from his black cross training and leaving behind what was bad , vic 's ability to deal with the supernatural world as easily as the natural one - that was what bonded us now . 
 for a moment , our plan seemed easy . 
 if we 'd managed to come together like this , surely we could do anything . 
 chapter twenty `` how does a town the size of riverton keep a classic movie house going ? '' 
 lucas said , standing before the red - and - gold blinking lights of the marquee . 
 `` it 's a very small town with very good taste , '' i whispered into his ear . 
 behind us , in the town square , the charter bus from evemight academy was emptying out the last students who had come along to riverton fewer than before , due to fears of `` gang violence . '' 
 there was n't much to the city - a pizza place , a diner , a couple of vintage shops , and this amazing movie theater . 
 this week , they were showing an affair to remember , my favorite cary grant movie ever . 
 it made me wish we 'd actually come here to see the film . 
 lucas had his hands stuffed into the pockets of his jeans . 
 in one of those pockets was my jet brooch , but i did n't think he was checking to make sure he had it . 
 he looked more like he was attempting to stay calm . 
 `` you 're nervous , '' i said , keeping my voice low . 
 `` dana was right about 13lack cross not coming here again , right ? '' 
 `` that sounds right . 
 but , yeah , i 'm nervous anyway . 
 can you blame me ? '' 
 he still had trouble believing that dana would accept him as a vampire . 
 maybe he still doubted that he would be able to keep himself from attacking her . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 i promise . '' 
 lucas bought a single movie ticket , and i floated invisibly in along with him . 
 he half grinned as we went up the steps to the balcony . 
 `` ca n't say you 're not a cheap date . '' 
 `` shut up , or i 'll make you buy me dinner after . '' 
 `` you do n't even eat ! '' 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 we took our seats just as the film began , with loopy cursive text for the credits and the lush theme song . 
 although there were other viewers on the bottom floor , we were alone in the balcony , so i went ahead and materialized ; lucas pressed my jet brooch into my hand , so that the process became effortless for me . 
 i pinned the brooch to my camisole , and lucas offered me his coat , so it would n't be totally obvious that the girl he was sitting next 212 to was wearing pajamas . 
 i felt weird being away from the school when so much was going on . 
 my parents were keeping tabs on mrs. bethany ; if she left tonight , they would have to find out how long she 'd be gone , and if not , they 'd have to come up with a way to get her to go , at least for a day . 
 meanwhile , everyone else was smuggling the traps to the great hall , preparing for tomorrow night 's efforts . 
 going to a movie - one of my all - time favorites - felt a little like playing hooky . 
 enjoy it , i told myself . 
 everything 's about to change . 
 as vic damone crooned about a love affair , a couple of other people edged their way onto the balcony and sat by us : raquel next to me , and dana on the other side , next to lucas . 
 `` i got popcorn , '' raquel said . 
 the two of us grinned at each other , and for a moment it was like nothing had ever happened - no , i corrected myself , it happened . 
 and we got through it anyway . 
 next to us , dana and lucas did n't seem to be able to find words . 
 lucas leaned back in his seat , as though he were exhausted and could n't go any further ; despite the darkness in the theater . 
 i could see that dana 's eyes were filling with tears . 
 she took his hand in hers , and i remembered what a shock it had been to me the first time i touched lucas when he had no warmth , no pulse . 
 he had always been the most alive person i 'd ever known . 
 no matter how many powers and abilities he now had as a vampire , there was no forgetting what he 'd lost . 
 `` little brother , what happened to you ? '' 
 her voice shook . 
 `` i keep thinking it 's a bad dream , '' lucas said . 
 `` but there 's no waking up . 
 not from this . '' 
 `` and yet - you 're still you , '' dana said . 
 lucas sighed . 
 `` more or less me . '' 
 `` they never told us that , in black cross . '' 
 dana wiped at her cheeks with the back of her free hand . 
 `` how come they never told us that ? '' 
 he turned his face toward the movie screen , where cary grant was striding along the deck of an ocean liner . 
 i could tell he did n't care about the 213 movie ; he was fighting to remain steady . 
 `` mom always said that , if she got turned , i should forget i 'd ever had a mother . 
 i guess she forgot she ever had a son , huh ? '' 
 raquel put her hand to her mouth . 
 that small gesture - compassion for a vampire - told me how much she , too , had changed . 
 `` it 's okay , '' lucas said , before he corrected himself . 
 `` it 's not okay . 
 but it 's over . '' 
 dana swaddled lucas in a bear hug , just as the soundtrack swelled . 
 `` i 've always got your back , lucas . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 `` that 's good to hear , `` i said , `` because we need your help . '' 
 while deborah kerr flirted with cary onscreen , i explained what we were trying to do . 
 neither dana nor raquel hesitated for a second . 
 `` we can get you guys out , '' raquel said . 
 `` and we 'll take you wherever you want to go . '' 
 `` black cross taught me how to fake ids nobody will ever catch , '' dana promised . 
 `` we can get you guys clear and free , for whatever you want to do next . 
 what is that , exactly ? '' 
 lucas and i looked at one another . 
 we did n't have an answer . 
 after the pause had stretched for a few seconds , dana said , `` y ' all can make up your mind about that later . 
 tell the others to expect us , okay ? '' 
 `` and tell balthazar - '' raquel had trouble saying this , but she managed . 
 `` tell him i should 've done more , when i saw him last . 
 i should have helped him out . 
 like you guys did . '' 
 `` he 'll be okay , '' i promised . 
 `` but tell him that yowself , okay ? 
 balthazar would probably like to hear it . '' 
 raquel nodded . 
 `` we should go . 
 if anybody who was at evernight last year sees me , there could be questions . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 `` you do n't have to thank me , '' she said flrmly . 
 we smiled at each other , and it felt so good to know we 'd found our way back to being friends . 
 once they 'd gone , lucas and i remained in the movie theater , watching the story unfold . 
 normally that would 've been because there was no way 214 i would walk out of a cary grant movie . 
 but this time , i felt as though the unanswered questions between us were weighing us down , so we were held in place . 
 finally i said , `` where do you want to go after evernight ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` never spent much time out west . 
 maybe we could try that . '' 
 `` or europe , '' i suggested . 
 `` balthazar says it 's actually easier to cross a large body of water than a river . '' 
 lucas grimaced ; the trip over the river on the way into town had shaken him . 
 ` if he says so . '' 
 on screen , cary and deborah promised to meet one another at the top of the empire state building if their love held true . 
 i took lucas 's hands in mine . 
 `` i know it 's scary - going to a new place - '' `` i 'm not scared of that . 
 i never lived more than a few months in any one place - not once in my whole life . 
 but what are we going to do ? 
 we could n't support ourselves in philly , and that was when you could work , too . '' 
 i had n't thought about it before , but being a ghost pretty much eliminated my chances of getting a job . 
 `` mom and dad will help us this time . 
 they 've got plenty , and besides , they know how to fit into the world . 
 they 'll teach you . 
 we do n't have to worry about that . '' 
 lucas did n't like the thought of borrowing yet more money , i could tell , but that obviously was n't our biggest problem . 
 `` sitting here , between dana and raquel - 1could hear their heartbeats . '' 
 `` you 'll get past the hunger . 
 i know you will . 
 look at balthazar , or my parents , or ranulf . '' 
 `` it 's harder for me , and we both know it . 
 and if i haven ' t gotten any better at this after a couple months at evernight , there 's not much chance i ever will . '' 
 `` you 're not crazy . 
 you 'll never be a killer like charity . '' 
 `` if i kill even once - if i ever slip , and god , bianca , i just know in my heart i 'm gon na slip - i 'd rather be dead . '' 
 `` no , '' i insisted , taking his face in my hands . 
 `` lucas , i 'll always be here . 
 i 'll never leave you . 
 you have to promise not to leave me behind . 
 you 215 have to be strong . '' 
 lucas 's eyes met mine , and i knew he was making me a more solemn promise than he ever had before . '' 
 `` ll never leave you behind . 
 never . 
 whatever happens , we 're together . '' 
 that should have made me happy , because i knew how deeply lucas meant it . 
 but instead , i realized what i 'd demanded of him . 
 he hated being a vampire , and suffered from such powerful blood hunger that it ground him down , every day , every moment . 
 for him , going on like this was torture ; our love for each other could only provide temporary comfort . 
 he 'd sworn to endure countless centuries of that existence rather than leave me alone . 
 i could get lucas to carry on , but he would never be right again . 
 nothing would ever really be right again . 
 our last shot at true happiness had died when charity changed him . 
 i hugged him tightly , and he returned the embrace . 
 his voice muffled against my shoulder , he said , `` i wish she 'd never showed me . 
 it 's worse , knowing there 's a way out i can never take . '' 
 mrs. bethany had shown him how to live again . 
 she 'd wanted to win him to her side , but she 'd realized the other side , too - that if he turned her down , he 'd be tormented by the possibilities forever . 
 i tried to tell myself that it would be okay , as long as we were together , but the world was n't that simple . 
 i knew that now . 
 on the movie screen , deborah kerr was trying to reach the empire state building , but i 'd seen the movie before . 
 i knew she did n't make it . 
 that night , i 'd planned to enter lucas 's dreams again . 
 with charity permanently exiled from his mind , it was finally safe for us to be together there . 
 but , weighted with guilt from the night 's realizations , i felt as if i could n't face him yet . 
 i drifted through the hallways , restless . 
 for the first time , i really felt like a ghost . 
 i should put a sheet over my head , i thought . 
 start going `` boo ! '' 
 eve.ry time i see someone . 
 i could haunt the girl 's dorm , or the great hall - and then it hit me . 
 if our plan worked the way we wanted it to , this was the last night i would ever spend at evernight academy.e despite every terrible thing that had happened here , i realized , i loved so much about this place . 
 i could n't imagine what it would be like never to be here again . 
 this school had become a part of me - literally , now that i was a wraith . 
 i had bonded to the very stones of this place . 
 even when i left forever , part of evernight would always be able to draw me back . 
 so i went to all the places i remembered , hearing words spoken long ago , seeing everyone as we had been then . 
 raquel , on her first day here , scowling in the back of the great hall while mrs. bethany gave the welcoming speech . 
 balthazar , learning how to take pictures with a cell phone in modern technology class . 
 vic and ranulf , stargazing with me out on the grounds . 
 patrice , braiding my hair for my first - ever date . 
 courtney , gossiping in the stairwell . 
 mom and dad , smiling at me as we passed each other in the hallways between classes . 
 and everywhere , lucas : whispering to me in the library , running to rescue me after the fire last year , kissing me for the first time at the gazebo . 
 but thinking of lucas reminded me of the dilemma before him . 
 how can i ask him to face immortality , when it 's the last thing he ever wanted ? 
 i decided that i needed to be solid for a while . 
 often it made me feel steadier about things , and there was just something comforting about being able to hug yourself . 
 so i drifted up to the records room and began to take shape . 
 by that time of night , everyone else was in bed , so the records room was deserted.the traps had all been moved to the lower levels of the school , hidden in trunks ; the room was just our hangout once more . 
 patrice 's german textbooks lay in the center of the beanbag chair , and vic had left behind one of his hula - girl ties . 
 smiling slightly , i removed the brick in the wall where we 'd hidden my coral bracelet - and a sick , horrible tidal pull seized me . 
 a trap ! 
 i tried to claw at the windowsill , the stones of the wall , anything , but i could n't solidify my hands . 
 my bracelet had been taken out of its 21j cubbyhole , leaving the greenish copper trap in its place ; my jet brooch was with lucas , sound asleep , far away . 
 i tried thinking of him as my anchor - of any of the other places i could go - but it was too late . 
 the trap was too close , and i 'd practically put my hand right into it . 
 as i began slipping toward the shimmering sinkhole , i tried one last time to call out to lucas - but i could only just manage to think his name before everything went black . 
 it was like sinking into hot tar . 
 i could n't materialize , could n't dematerialize . 
 i had no sense of the world around me , or whether i was anyplace in either the mortal or ghostly worlds . 
 after i 'd died , there had been a moment like this - and again when i had first traveled to the land of lost things but those terrible , depthless voids had lasted for only a second . 
 this stretched on , and on , and on . 
 a suffocation of the soul , made more horrible by fear . 
 no wonder they go crazy , i thought wildly , recalling the many shrieking spirits i 'd sensed within evernight 's traps . 
 it 's going to drive me crazy , too , any second , and i 've only been in here a few minutes - or has it been longer ? 
 would i even know?is this eternity ? 
 is this the death beyond death ? 
 make it stop , samuel had said . 
 make it stop . 
 the ghost within him - the one that had been trapped like this - had lost the ability to think anything else . 
 i would , too . 
 already i felt myself boiling down to the desperate instinct to escape , nothing more . 
 then , in that formless void , a soft rectangle of light opened . 
 i rushed toward it , not caring what it was or what it meant : it was something , in a world of nothing , and that was reason enough . 
 then , in the frame of the rectangle , far bigger than life , i saw mrs. bethany . 
 `` miss olivier . '' 
 she smiled as placidly as ever , but there was no mistaking the avid light in her eyes . 
 `` at last . 
 i 've been waiting for you . '' 
 chapter twenty - one i could n't lash out ; i could n't escape . 
 all i could do was stare up at mrs. bethany - at this moment , quite literally the only thing in my world . 
 `` i had thought mr. ross would be the one to bring you to me , '' she said . 
 `` but he was more devoted to you than i 'd imagined . 
 then i finally found your little trinket in the records room - after weeks of searching - and realized how simple it would be to replace it with a trap and claim you for myself . '' 
 she had always known about our visits to the records room . 
 she had always known about me . 
 `` how did you know i was here at the school ? '' 
 mrs. bethany tilted her head , as though she felt sorry for me . 
 `` based on your past behavior , it was natural to assume that where mr. ross was , you would be also . '' 
 i hated her so much at that moment , i was surprised the trap did n't shatter . 
 my anger was hot enough to melt metal . 
 to break stone . 
 `` i 'm the reason you gave my parents jobs here in the first place , are n't i ? 
 you set us up from the beginning . '' 
 `` i gave you every chance , you know . '' 
 she sounded calm . 
 satisfied . 
 `` if i enjoyed victimizing the helpless . 
 i 'd hardly have founded a school such as evernight . 
 furthermore , i quite liked your parents ; they 're fine teachers . 
 so i felt bound in honor to explore every other possibility . 
 i changed the admissions policy in order to bring in students attached to other wraiths , irn case one of those spirits might work equally well . 
 whenever you deviated from the path your parents had in mind for you , i urged you back onto that path . 
 this summer , i told you that throwing away your chances for the sake of love was n't worthwhile . 
 but you would never listen . 
 you ran headlong toward your ultimate destiny . 
 and now i am free to act as i see fit . '' 
 `` you do n't want to be a vampire anymore , `` l said . 
 `` but if you use me for this - you 'll be worse than any vampire . '' 
 `` i will be alive . '' 
 mrs. bethany displayed not a flicker of hesitation . 
 `` an old betrayal will at last be set right . 
 i will be able to die as i ought to have - as a human woman . 
 and you will be no less dead than you already are . '' 
 a swirl of light , and the world took shape around me . 
 at first i thought myself free , and prepared to vanish or run or do whatever i could - but 219 then i saw where i was . 
 mrs. bethany stood in front of me , trap in hand , in the middle of a room that shimmered in every color , floor , ceiling , walls . 
 i realized that it had the exact same dimensions as the records room , but instead of bare stone and dust , this glittered , deep and translucent . 
 mother - of - pearl , i realized . 
 and the copper roof on the south tower - the strange sensation i 'd often detected from the empty room above my parents ' apartment - she 'd brought the trap into the other tower , into this place . 
 and now i knew what it was . 
 `` you turned this entire room into a trap , '' i said . 
 already i knew i would n't be able to get out . 
 `` my theory is that you can provide the power for many of us to revive , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 `` you will be returning life to nearly a dozen individuals , miss olivier . 
 perhaps that is some small consolation . '' 
 i backed away from her . 
 the mother - of - pearl felt slippery against my feet - but no , that was n't it . 
 i could n't be solid or insubstantial ; i could n't float , could n't run . 
 everything was in - between , robbing me of the abilities i could use in either state . 
 although i had a sense of place within this trap , it was still a trap , eating away at my very sense of reality and self . 
 it just took longer . 
 a slower death . 
 no wonder i 'd heard the wraiths screaming ... more gently , mrs. bethany said , `` think of it like being an organ donor . '' 
 i had been able to hear the wraiths screaming , even when they were trapped ... with everything i had , with every ounce of strength , i screamed , both aloud and within my soul , `` help me ! 
 `` in the scream i put the place i stood , mrs. bethany in front of me , everything i thought and felt and knew . 
 the effort alone seemed to make me less than i 'd been before - as though i had screamed out part of myself . 
 `` the room is soundproofed , '' mrs. bethany said . 
 `` no one can hear . '' 
 not with their ears , maybe . 
 but if maxie or christopher detected it , or if lucas could hear me within his dreams - a rap on the door startled me into hope . 
 but mrs. bethany did n't seem surprised . 
 she simply held up the trap and opened it , then set it on the floor . 
 the grayish swimming void unfolded before me again , and i desperately tried to keep from sinking within it . 
 as i flailed about wildly , unable to resist , i heard a murmur of voices - hardly the rescue mission i 'd been hoping for . 
 o the trap swung shut . 
 for a couple seconds , i felt a dizzying rush of relief , and i tried to make sense of what i could see . 
 we remained in the mother - of - pearl room , but the door had already been closed again , cutting off my chance at escape . 
 and now mrs. bethany and i were n't alone . 
 half a dozen vampires ringed the room , each of them staring at me as eagerly as mrs. bethany had . 
 most were students ; a couple were teachers . 
 none of them were people i knew very well , but i knew one thing - they were ancient and powerful . 
 mrs. bethany had chosen her accomplices well . 
 `` i do not know how many of us you can resurrect , miss olivier . '' 
 mrs. bethany reached into the pocket of her long skirt and pulled out the blade i remembered from samuel 's transformation . 
 `` but for myself , and those who follow , may i express my most profound gratitude ? '' 
 `` you can go to hell , '' i said . 
 `` we 're vampires , '' mrs. bethany said , and for a moment i saw an echo of the darkness and self - hatred i 'd glimpsed within lucas these past months . 
 `` we 're already there . '' 
 `` you 're killing me . '' 
 i still could n't believe it , although it had begun . 
 `` if it helps , you are also killing me . '' 
 mrs. bethany smiled , like that was great news . 
 `` i do not intend to live long as a human . 
 this extended existence has been more torment than pleasure to me . 
 i want only to die as i ought to have done . '' 
 `` to die ? 
 you 're doing all this just to - to die all over again ? '' 
 `` to die as i ought to have done , '' she repeated . 
 a deep sadness darkened her eyes . 
 `` to go where i should have gone , after death , and be reunited with those i knew in my one rightful life . '' 
 christopher , i realized . 
 she thinks if she dies as a human , she '11 be with christopher again . 
 she pushed up the sleeve of her lacy blouse , angled the knife . 
 and sliced open the skin of her wrist . 
 her vampire 's blood began flowing down her hand , and i felt a crazed hunger unlike anything else i 'd ever known . 
 i did n't want to drink her blood ; i wanted to be one with it . 
 the instinct to rush into her - to become a part of her and lose myself forever - was more powerful than anything i could 've imagined . 
 do n't ! 
 hold back ! 
 think about lucas , think about everyone else you jove , hold on for them ! 
 but as i thought this and i tried to cling to it with all my strength . 
 i could feel my resolve breaking down with the rest of me . 
 my humanlike form began turning into cloudy vapor . 
 mrs. bethany lifted her 221 head , triumphant . 
 soon she would be human again , and i would be . . . 
 nothing . 
 then the door thudded , making the vampires jump . 
 it thudded again and gave way , splintering wood and mother - of - pearl in a thousand directions as lucas burst into the room , crossbow in hand . 
 either he instantly understood what was happening , or he was going to kill mrs. bethany first and ask questions later . 
 lucas shouldered his crossbow to fire , but mrs. bethany lunged for him , pushing the crossbow up so that tl1e arrow smacked the ceiling . 
 `` let her go , '' lucas said as they struggled for the weapon . 
 `` she is no longer yours , '' mrs. bethany said , shoving him back . 
 `` she is mine . '' 
 the other vampires began to go after him , too , but lucas had n't come alone . 
 balthazar and my mother smashed through what remained of the door ; balthazar had grabbed his fencing foil , and mom just seized the vampire nearest her and punched him hard . 
 as i swirled , disoriented and unable to resist , the fight intensified around me . 
 to me , it seemed to be happening in slow motion , dreamlike and yet more terrifying for the clarity of the violence . 
 i caught a glimpse of my father , wielding a broken chair leg as a kind of stake . 
 i saw balthazar go skye did n't budge . 
 she was a lot cooler than most people would be in a situation like this , but then again , she 'd grown up in a haunted house . 
 maybe it came with the territory . 
 `` you said bianca . 
 that 's the girl you loved , the one who died - she 's a ghost ? '' 
 `` she 's a ghost and she 's trapped and we 're getting her out of here , '' lucas said , never taking his eyes off me . 
 `` now you get out ofhere , too ! '' 
 instead , skye took a couple of steps forward and spoke again - this time , to me . 
 `` bianca , come into me . 
 like the spirits did at the ball . '' 
 she wanted me to possess her ? 
 could i do that ? 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 my mother tried to push skye back . 
 `` this is dangerous ! '' 
 `` i know what it is to lose somebody , '' skye said . 
 `` if anyone could do this for my brother . 
 i 'd want them to try . 
 so i 'll try . 
 bianca , it 's okay . 
 come on ! 
 do it ! '' 
 i let go of my vapor self and let the swirling energy in the room carry me down toward skye . 
 everything vanished - and then suddenly i felt hard stone against my back , and pain . 
 i tried to inhale , but the breath had been knocked out of me - breath . 
 pain . 
 a heartbeat . 
 i opened my eyes - her eyes - and looked up to see my parents and lucas kneeling above me . 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 lucas said , hesitantly . 
 `` it 's me , '' i said . 
 `` it 's us . '' 
 because skye was there with me , totally . 
 this was n't like possessing kate ; skye had welcomed me , and because of that , her spirit and mine existed side by side . 
 although she was frightened - her heartbeat fluttering as fast as a bird 's - she did n't flinch . 
 thank you , i thought to her . 
 she thought back , you 're welcome . 
 but should n't we maybe run ? 
 `` good plan , '' i said . 
 her voice sounded so strange as mine . 
 lucas and my parents stared at me , and i grabbed on to lucas 's hand . 
 `` let 's go . 
 we have to save maxie if we can . '' 
 `` we should just get out of here , '' mom said as lucas helped me to my feet . 
 i was startled to be able to look him directly in the eyes ; skye was taller than me . 
 `` sweetheart , i 'm sorry about your friend , but we have to think about your safety . '' 
 `` maxie did n't think about her safety when she came after me , '' i said . 
 `` besides , vic 's trying to help her . 
 are you going to make vic go up against mrs. bethany alone ? '' 
 lucas guided me toward the door . 
 `` no way . 
 come on . '' 
 my mom and dad glanced at each other for a second , but they followed us . 
 now that i was enclosed in skye 's body , as though it were a warm , living suit of armor , the trap room had no more power over me ; leaving was as simple as taking the stairs . 
 of course , those were a little clumsy - i did n't wholly know how to move in skye 's body yet , and both of us were shaky after what had just happened . 
 as we started going down the stairs , i said , `` was it maxie who told you where i was ? '' 
 sliding across the floor , grimacing in pain before staggering to his feet . 
 lucas reclaiming his crossbow and firing - mrs. bethany smoothly dodging the arrow that sank into another vampire , with a plume of blood and the vampire 's cry . 
 vampire 's blood , drawing me in , dragging me further down into nothingness . 
 beyond the trap , i heard maxie 's voice . 
 `` bianca ! 
 you have to get out of there ! 
 come on ! '' 
 i could just make out her form as she stood on the very edge of the room , risking her own existence to try and help me . 
 a few other faces appeared behind her - female students who lived in the upper floors of the dorm , no doubt startled by the noise , and vic , who appeared to be trying desperately to get those students to go someplace safer . 
 i tried to do what maxie said , but i was too weak . 
 too lost . 
 at that moment in the fray , mrs. bethany ran for the door at vampire speed , grabbing the smaller trap as she went . 
 she opened it - just in front of maxie . 
 no ! 
 i thought , but it was too late . 
 there was just time to see the dawning terror on maxie 's face before the vortex swallowed her up , enclosing her 222 within the trap . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 vic yelled . 
 for the first time ever , i heard real fury in his voice . 
 `` that 's my ghost ! '' 
 mrs. bethany smashed vic across the face with the trap , which sent him sprawling to the floor . 
 the human students began screaming and shouting as mrs. bethany pushed through them . 
 `` she 's getting away , '' balthazar shouted . 
 `` i do n't give a damn ! '' 
 lucas arrow - staked another vampire ; the room fell quiet , but he hardly noticed . 
 `` we have to get bianca out of here ! '' 
 `` she 's got my ghost ! '' 
 vic started running down the stairs , and balthazar followed him . 
 my parents and lucas remained . 
 `` go , '' i whispered . 
 it was the only thing i had strength to say . 
 maxie did n't deserve to be destroyed like this . 
 `` the trap - this room - olh , my god , it 's killing you , '' lucas said . 
 `` bianca , come on . 
 the door 's open . 
 you can leave . '' 
 so it seemed . 
 and yet even reaching toward the door was impossible . 
 `` sweetheart , please , `` mom pleaded . 
 dad 's eyes filled with tears as he gripped her shoulders . 
 `` you can do it . '' 
 `` your brooch ! '' 
 lucas fumbled in his pocket and held out my jet brooch . 
 for a moment i felt something like hope ; if i could become substantial again , even for a second , i could get out the door and maybe recover . 
 but the brooch just dropped through the blue smoke where my hand had been i no longer had the ability to touch it , and so i could no longer call on its power . 
 the jet black flower clattered on the stone floor , dark as ink in this shimmering world , and i remembered the long - ago dreams that had led me here . 
 they had warned me that when i reached out for love , storms would come . 
 and in all my dreams , i hlad never made it to safety . 
 to lucas . 
 lucas shook his head . 
 `` this isn ' t happening . '' 
 his voice was hoarse . 
 `` this ca n't be happening . 
 bianca , come on . 
 come back to me . '' 
 `` bianca ? '' 
 said an unfamiliar voice . 
 a female figure , wearing a bright blue robe , standing in the doorway - `` skye , what are you doing here ? '' 
 lucas said . 
 `` it 's not safe ! 
 go downstairs ! '' 
 `` yeah , `` lucas said . 
 he put his hand around my waist , the better to steady me : he touched me gingerly , which i realized was because he did n't want to upset skye . 
 `` we realized this morning you were missing , because there 's no way you would n't have been talking to us about the night 's plans '' `` i was in that trap a whole day ? '' 
 it had seemed to last forever , and to end in a split second , at the same time . 
 lucas nodded . 
 `` apparently . 
 we 've been turning the school upside down looking for you . '' 
 `` when we stole her traps , mrs. bethany must have realized we were on to her , '' dad said . 
 `` she stopped bicting her time . 
 went on the offensive . '' 
 after d1is is over , skye thought , will one of you explain what 's going on ? 
 sure , i replied . 
 as soon as i understand myself . 
 `` what about the traps ? 
 mrs. bethany 's got to be going after them . '' 
 `` hopefully she wo n't have the chance , '' mom said as we went farther down the stone stairs . 
 the entire student body seemed to be awake rnow , and aware that something dangerous was going on ; there was murmuring and shouting on every floor . 
 `` patrice and ranulf should be taking care of that right now ... '' her voice trailed off as the stones of evernight began to scream . 
 that was the only word for it , though it did n't sound like any human scream . 
 it was like the building itself had come alive , and hated it . 
 the sound was the grinding of the real versus the unreal , existing in dimensions that had nothing to do with sound but echoed within us regardless . 
 we clapped our hands over our ears , except lucas , who kept holding on to me but grimaced in pain . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he shouted over the din . 
 i felt them , then - snaking their way up through the bones of the school , climbing toward freedom . 
 `` the wraiths , '' i said . 
 `` they 're free . '' 
 they were free , and they were angry . 
 instead of flying straight to the people who anchored them , or letting go of the mortal realm , or wishing themselves back to the places they 'd haunted before , they were attacking evernight academy and everything within it . 
 before , i had n't been able to understand why they would n't be reasonable , why they acted purely on instinct . 
 now that i had spent a day in a trap , i understood ; those things stole away your sense of yourself . 
 it would n't take long to turn into nothing but fear and rage . 
 my breath had become foggy now , and frost began to lace its way along the walls , the steps , the ceilings . 
 my father nearly slipped on the ice that was caking underfoot , so fast it stung my feet , nearly entrapping them . 
 the murmuring upstairs turned into shrieks . 
 `` hurry , '' i said , feeling strength flow into me with a fresh sense of purpose . 
 we ran the rest of the way , although it was difficult . 
 the ice now was thicker than in any other wraith attack i 'd witnessed - as though the school itself were made of ice . 
 as stones creaked and cracked from the pressure of ice in the crevices , we slipped and stumbled through a stairwell that increasingly looked more like a cavern of snow . 
 at last we reached the great hall , and even if i had n't already known this was the place the wraiths would be freed , it would have been obvious that this was the heart of the storm . 
 the entire great hall seemed to be no more than a great maze carved from one block of ice . 
 shivering at the sides , white with frost , were patrice and ranulf . 
 both of them slumped near the entrance , apparently unable to move . 
 `` are you guys okay ? '' 
 l said , hurrying to patrice 's side . 
 her hand was like ice in mine . 
 `` i 'm fine , skye , '' patrice said through chattering teeth . 
 `` you need to get out of here . '' 
 `` we 're all getting out of here , '' lucas said . 
 he let go of me to pick patrice up in his arms ; she hung stiffly in his embrace , but he was able to get her out the door . 
 mom and dad put their arms on either side of ranulf to help him out . 
 i ran out of the school onto the grounds . 
 when i looked up at evernight , i gasped ; it now looked as though it had been carved of crystal , its outline blurred and fractal like the edges of snowflakes . 
 other students had congregated outside , shivering in their nightclothes as they looked up at the bewildering sight . 
 snow must have fallen that day , because some of them were knee - deep in it . 
 it could take hours for help to get here , i thought . 
 people could die of exposure in that time . 
 i have to do this now . 
 do what?skye thought , increasingly worried . 
 given what i 'd put her through in just the last couple of minutes , i could n't blame her . 
 in the near distance , i saw balthazar fighting with one of mrs. bethany 's surviving guards . 
 their fangs extended as they roared and leaped toward each other . 
 skye screamed , momentarily taking her body back just by sheer force of terror . 
 what are they ? 
 vampires . 
 remember what lucas told you ? 
 he 's a vampire , too . 
 plus my parents . 
 plus - you know , a jot of people . 
 we have to go over this later . 
 right now , i have something to do . 
 she repeated , do what ? 
 do n't wony ; i can only do this alone . 
 with that , i let skye go . 
 we both fell to the ground , and it seemed as if the impact of her body against the ground snapped us in two . 
 i rolled over , semisolid , but leaving no impression in the snow ; skye sat up , sputtering , icy flakes spangling her dark hair . 
 her expression was strange - horrified , maybe as if she did n't remember giving me permission . 
 but she said , `` i can feel them . '' 
 `` feel what ? '' 
 she clutched her hair in her fists , as if she were trying to use pain to block some other sensation . 
 `` the ghosts - all of them - it 's like they 're in my head - '' had my possessing her for so long opened her up to some other realm of perception ? 
 we 'd have to find out later . 
 `` i 'm going to take care of them , skye . 
 i promise . '' 
 from his place a few steps away , where he was trying to revive patrice to full consciousness , lucas said , `` bianca , what are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'll be back soon , '' i swore . 
 `` did you get my brooch ? '' 
 he patted his pocket - then went still . 
 `` we 've got trouble . '' 
 like we had n't had trouble already ? 
 but i followed his gaze to see mrs. bethany 's carriage house , shutters fastened tight , with only slivers of ulue - hullighl cuming lhruugh lhe : slit : ; . 
 they luukeu like knive : s culling upen lhe night . 
 mt. bethany wa : s uegimting her : spell ; : suun , : she wuulu have destroyed maxie , and resurrected herself . 
 maybe a few of her cronies were in there , too . 
 i could just make out the outline of vic , who was throwing himself against the door again and again . 
 trying to save maxie . 
 `` go help them , '' i said . 
 `` i promise , i 'll be back soon . '' 
 with one last look at patrice , who finally seemed to be sitting up under her own power , lucas took off running toward mrs. bethany 's carriage house . 
 i let go of my physical self and floated upward , pure energy now . 
 evernight was below me , less something i could see and more something i could feel as the collection of so many lost , desperate spirits , no longer able to feel anything but fear . 
 before , when i had never been trapped , i could n't understand what they felt . 
 i had n't been able to communicate with them . 
 now i knew what to do . 
 remembering my time in the trap , i created around me the memory of that dark , fathomless void . 
 as strongly as i could , i sent that downward , so that the wraiths would recognize it for what it was . 
 just as i felt them react in pain and panic , i opened up that brilliant circle of light - the way out . 
 and past that circle , i envisioned the land of lost things in all its beauty and ugliness and chaos . 
 it seemed to take shape in miniature , like the magical castles at the center of a snow globe : an old tudor mansion , a mobile home , a brown horse with knobby knees and friendly eyes , a twisty dirt road - not things i had seen there before , but the things these spirits were bringing along with them . 
 the energy beneath me changed from fear into something like hope . 
 i took hold of them . 
 every one of them . 
 i could n't say how i did it , but the power must have been within me from the beginning . 
 in that instant , i knew each of them , could envision their faces , their personalities , sense fragments of the lives they must have led . 
 they were as familiar to me , in both their virtues and flaws , as my dearest friends , and i felt them recognize me in return . 
 more importantly , i felt them recognize themselves - the people they had been before darkness and fear had taken them over . 
 then i lifted us together , soaring upward into that sphere of light . 
 then there was laughter , and cheering , and embraces . 
 i stood in a patch of sunlight near what looked like a version of the taj mahal , though it was black instead of white , and even more beautiful . 
 a crowd of perhaps a hundred people milled around me , wearing clothes that varied from t shirts and jeans to one woman in a full , hoop - skirted dress who carried a parasol . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered as she hugged me tightly . 
 `` you got us out . 
 you brought us here . '' 
 i hugged her back , but i remained vividly aware of how quickly time could pass here , and how badly i needed to return . 
 christopher seemed to appear in the middle of us - no puffs of smoke or bursts of light , but one minute he was n't there , and the next he was . 
 his smile transformed him into the younger , happier man he had been in his memories of his life . 
 `` bianca . 
 i knew you could do it . '' 
 `` yes , and it 's awesome and tremendous and all of that , but we have a situation , '' i said . 
 `` mrs. bethany 's captured maxie . 
 she 's going to destroy her . 
 is there anything we can do ? '' 
 e his smile faded . 
 `` that poor child . 
 she must be terrified . '' 
 `` what can we do ? 
 your wife - i know you love her , but we ca n't let her do this ! '' 
 beyond my fear for maxie , i was also terrified for lucas , as well as for balthazar , my parents , vic - everyone i 'd left back at evernight . 
 she had fighters around her who knew she was their only chance to live again . 
 the battle going on now would be desperate . 
 and for some . 
 fatal . 
 `` no , we can not . '' 
 christopher squared his shoulders . 
 `` we shall return to the world below , together . '' 
 `` can you get maxie out of the trap ? '' 
 i asked , though i felt sure it must be impossible . 
 `` there is one way , '' he said , surprising me . 
 `` only one way . '' 
 he vanished . 
 apparently explanations would have to wait . 
 i thought of my brooch , the beautiful black flower from my dreams , and tried to fold myself into the heart of it . 
 -lsb- took form - then fell bodily into the snow , lucas toppling beside me . 
 blood marred his face , streaking his skin and making his green eyes seem unearthly . 
 he glanced at me only for a moment before raising his crossbow just in time to deflect an ax . 
 one of mrs. bethany 's loyalists was swinging at him , repeatedly , and from the looks of things , he 'd landed a few blows . 
 my brooch had tumbled out when lucas fell , apparently ; it lay on the ground , stark against the snow . 
 i grabbed it , grateful for the ability to do so , and put it in my pocket . 
 now embodied , i tried to take in the scene . 
 a battle raged around me . 
 my vampire friends were locked in combat with other vampires loyal to mrs. bethany . 
 across the grounds , evernight academy was melting - or , at least , the ice that had encased it was vanishing . 
 half - frozen students were already stumbling back inside for shelter and to get away from the fighting . 
 i could n't find vic , and nobody seemed to have breached mrs. bethany 's carriage house . 
 the roaring of an engine pierced the night . 
 and i turned to see a pair of headlights fast approaching the school . 
 with a rush of relief and hope , i recognized the van . 
 i ran through the snow , crying out , `` raquel ! 
 dana ! '' 
 they skidded to a stop . 
 dana leaped from the vehicle and took in the scene . 
 `` i told you guys not to start the party without us . '' 
 `` they 're all vampires , '' raquel said , clutching her stake . 
 `` which ones do we go after ? '' 
 `` if they 're attacking a vampire you know , take them out ! 
 tell dana who 's who ! '' 
 i looked for a weapon for myself and grabbed a small hand ax . 
 `` raquel ! '' 
 vic ran toward the truck . 
 he must have been in the woods - probably looking for something to use to smash into mrs. bethany 's house . 
 `` give me something ! 
 anything ! '' 
 -lsb- left them behind , running through the snow , determined to help lucas and the others . 
 asi saw how well armed mrs. bethany 's crew seemed to be , i reached up and pulled off my brooch . 
 my body remained solid . 
 the closest people to me were my father and the tallest vampire in school , a guy almost as broad as he was high . 
 he was pounding my dad with one hand ; the other held a knife certainly big enough for a beheading . 
 dad had already gone down on one knee , unable to defend himself . 
 i shouted , `` hey ! '' 
 the vampire turned . 
 with a lazy grin , he swung the knife toward me - - as i dropped the brooch and became vapory . 
 the knife went directly through me , and i felt nothing . 
 the ax i 'd been carrying kept swinging through the air at the same speed , undeflected , to bury itself in the guy 's back . 
 he fell to the ground , obviously not permanently taken out but dazed and in pain . 
 quickly i grabbed my brooch again and took dad 's hand . 
 `` come on ! 
 we have to get in there ! '' 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' dad protested . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this fight does n't end until mrs. bethany 's stopped , and we wo n't be out of danger until the fight ends . '' 
 mrs. bethany 's cottage was only a few steps away . 
 but vic beat me to it , and when i saw what he was carrying , my eyes went wide . 
 i never thought they 'd give him the flamethrower . 
 vic pointed the weapon at one wall - and a plume of fire set the place ablaze . 
 i realized , vic does n't know that fire could kill maxie forever . 
 i ran toward the cottage , unsure what to do or how to help . 
 then i saw a faint outline of a figure against the snow - maxie , drifting in a daze away from the flames . 
 `` maxie ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 vic reached her at the same moment i did , and i pressed my brooch into her hand . 
 although she hardly had any substance , she was able to hang on to it ; the magic within the jet solidified her and seemed to give her some strength . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 vice smoothed her golden brown hair away from her forehead . 
 she shook her head no . 
 `` christopher , '' she managed to say . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` did he get you out ? '' 
 `` yes , but he - '' maxie stared back at the fire consuming the carriage house . 
 `` he took my place . '' 
 suddenly undone by grief and exhaustion , maxie slumped against vic 's shoulder ; he let the flamethrower drop and held her tightly . 
 i left them alone and rushed toward the blaze . 
 though i knew it was dangerous to be so near fire or a trap , i couldn ' t let christopher perish if there was any way to save him . 
 but as i remembered his sad expression as we prepared to come here , i knew immediately that there was n't . 
 christopher had done this knowing he would be lost forever . 
 he had sacrificed himself for maxie . 
 i peered into the very heart of the flames . 
 there , i could see mrs. bethany , her long hair tumbling down loose around her shoulders . 
 soot stained her face , and she looked very young . 
 `` christopher ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 she must have seen him , in the instant that he had taken maxie 's place . 
 `` christopher , i 'm here , i 'm here ! '' 
 despite the fact that she was on the verge of burning to death , mrs. bethany was - smiling . 
 i realized then that christopher had been wrong : her love for him really had been stronger than her hate . 
 but they 'd both found out too late . 
 maxie had been freed before mrs. bethany could transform herself . 
 mrs. bethany had enough time , maybe - to sacrifice christopher and live again . 
 she had to know that . 
 but she would n't do it . 
 `` we can get out of here , '' she gasped , reaching through smoldering woodwork despite the risk to herself . 
 i realized she was trying to retrieve the trap that held him . 
 `` we 'll be together , i promise you . '' 
 i heard christopher 's voice , hardly a whisper amid the crackling of the flames , `` my dearest charlotte . '' 
 then a surge of sparks drove me back , and i gaped as the roof of the carriage house crumbled . 
 nothing remained but glowing embers , and flame , and smoke . 
 sure death for any vampire , or any wraith . 
 the bethanys were gone , forever . 
 shaken , i turned to see the battle - or what had been the battle . 
 the vampires fighting my friends had been subdued , either by dana and raquel as reinforcements or by surrender when they saw that their leader , and the resurrection magic she alone knew , had perished . 
 i could see my mother helping my father to his feet , raquel and patrice herding the enemy vampires farther away from the rest of us , and most of the others gathered around a fallen figure in the snow - around lucas . 
 chapter twenty - two i flashed myself to the small group of people huddled around lucas 's fallen form . 
 he lay motionless and bloodied on the snow , his chest and forehead sliced deeply by a weapon . 
 dana cradled his head in her hands , and balthazar ran one finger along the edge of the chest wound and winced . 
 vic and maxie , still holding on to each other , stood nearby , while ranulf clutched his ax to his chest as if he were a child with a security blanket . 
 lucas appeared to be totally unconscious . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i knelt beside lucas . 
 `` he 's wounded ? '' 
 `` badly , '' balthazar said . 
 but in his voice i heard real dread . 
 i said , `` as awful as it is , as much as i know he 's hurting . . . 
 he 'll be okay . '' 
 nobody spoke . 
 `` wo n't he ? '' 
 balthazar turned to me , expressionless . 
 `` the other vampire had laced his weapon with holy water . 
 it 's a dangerous tactic for us , but - '' i held up a hand ; i could n't bear to hear what came next , and besides , i already knew . 
 black cross training had covered the technique , and it had been whispered by erich in lucas 's own dream - claiming that stakes soaked in holy water could paralyze and torture a vampire forever . 
 that it was like burning them alive , just from the inside out . 
 they 'd never claimed to know for sure . 
 maybe it was n't so . 
 but lucas was n't moving . 
 he was trapped deep in that terrible , unending fire . 
 i took his hand in mine ; it was colder than usual , deeply chilled by the snow around us . 
 his fingers were heavy , unresisting . 
 `` lucas ? '' 
 i whispered , but i knew he could n't hear . 
 the only release from his torment would be to behead him . 
 to lose him forever . 
 in the hours after charity 's attack , i 'd been faced with the decision of whether or not to kill lucas ; now i had to face it again . 
 but i could n't . 
 i just could n't . 
 i squeezed his hand tighter . 
 dana , who had begun to sob , reached up with one hand to wipe her cheeks . 
 lucas 's head , free from its cradle , lolled to one side . 
 blood from the cut on his forehead had oozed down to his throat , pooling just beneath his adam 's apple . 
 it reminded me of how he had 232 looked the first time i bit him . 
 vampire 's blood , i thought . 
 during the ritual , it had attracted me powerfully . 
 as powerfully as if the blood were life itself . 
 then everything came to me at once : how drinking lucas 's blood had been part of what maintained my life as a vampire , how i had felt more alive then than at any other time . 
 how wraiths joined with vampires to create vampire children like me , because wraiths and vampires were the two halves of life , able together to kindle a flame . 
 how mrs. bethany 's ritual of resurrection had been designed to break me down and bring me into a vampire , to merge us into one . 
 how wraith blood was poisonous to vampires , but their blood was life to us . 
 how lucas and i had become a part of each other from the very first time i gave in to my desire and bit into his throat . 
 i was lucas , and he was me . 
 and i knew what to do . 
 `` move back , '' i said . 
 everyone sort of stared , but they did what i asked , shuffling backward from lucas 's sprawled body . 
 dana laid his head down gently before rising to her feet , where raquel hugged her tightly from behind . 
 ranulf had bowed his head , and vic , holding maxie 's hand , sniffled like he was on the verge of tears . 
 my parents stood slightly apart from the rest , but i could see that the concern in their faces for lucas was real . 
 a few others had gathered , too - just a handful of students , both vampire and human , unsure what to think . 
 skye stumbled toward us , dazed and weak from her ordeal but unwilling to leave lucas if he was in trouble . 
 when she swayed on her feet , balthazar quickly rose to steady her against his shoulder . 
 the snow around lucas was stained crimson with his blood . 
 new flakes had begun to fall . 
 a sharp , cold wind gusted past us , ruffling his hair . 
 i held my hand out to maxie ; after a moment 's confusion , she understood and handed me my jet brooch , so that i could be wholly solid once more . 
 i needed that now . 
 the sharp edges of the flower 's carved petals cut into my palm . 
 i thought of how much i loved him , how badly i wanted him to be a part of me . 
 i dreamed of the richness of his blood , and how it had made me feel alive . 
 i remembered being a vampire - and felt my fangs emerge once more , sharp against my lips and tongue . 
 my vampire self remained a part 233 of me , despite my death . 
 then i bent low and bit into lucas 's throat . 
 blood . 
 cold , but still his blood , still him . 
 vampire 's blood carried knowledge , and so i felt everything that he had felt , knew everything that he had known . 
 i felt his love for me , and his fear , as he had stood in the tower trying to rescue me . 
 i saw the fight through his eyes , a whirl of blades , blows , and driving snow . 
 i swallowed more deeply , drinking as much of his blood as i possibly could , more than i ever had as a vampire before . 
 around me , i could dimly hear some of the others protesting , but they were too distant to heed . 
 and then i knew him - lucas , his spirit , his soul , here at the center of his being . 
 bianca . 
 where are we ? 
 together . 
 what 's happening ? 
 i 'm drinking your blood . 
 making it mine . 
 lucas - drink from me . 
 i pushed my hand against his mouth , so that the tender flesh between thumb and forefinger followed the curve of his lips . 
 trust me . 
 drink . 
 he was paralyzed beyond the ability to bite down , so i pressed the soft skin against the sharpness of his teeth until they broke the skin . 
 i felt the pain as sharply as i ever had any mortal injury , but i never flinched . 
 blood flowed down his throat . 
 what would have burned him before did n't now , because i had mingled his blood and my own . 
 now the corrosive power of wraith 's blood could n't touch him any longer . 
 he was free to drink it in . 
 free to take in life . 
 i felt myself growing dizzy as the link between us deepened . 
 we were one system now , one being , each of us flowing into the other . 
 as i gave in to it , i felt the outlines of his body as much as i did my own ; the cuts on the forehead and chest burned , and the snow was cold underneath . 
 and i knew his dawning wonder as he felt what it was like to be me - the angle of my limbs , the taste of his blood , the nearness of my spirit . 
 the blood i drank began to warm . 
 is this what it means to die ? 
 lucas thought . 
 because i 'm not scared of it anymore . 
 not if it means i finally get this close to you . 
 i concentrated all my energy on him , directing myself into the very core of him , into the redness of his heart . 
 this is n't death . 
 this is life . 
 lucas gasped in a breath , and i sat up . 
 his blood was sticky on my mouth , and he looked gorier than before , but his eyes were wide open . 
 he took 234 another breath , and another . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 balthazar said . 
 raquel , leaning around dana , said , `` yeah , was that vampire cpr or something ? '' 
 i never looked away from lucas . 
 the cuts on his face were knitting together , faster than vampire healing , part of his ultimate restoration . 
 he stared up at me , obviously weak from his injuries , but with an incredulous smile spreading across his face . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 `` it isn ` t. '' i started to laugh from pure joy . 
 `` it 's real . '' 
 `` you 're healing up , like , crazy fast , but you 're still bleeding , man . '' 
 vic held out a scrap of cloth . 
 `` bleeding , '' balthazar said , his voice sharp and urgent . 
 he 'd seen it now , even if nobody else had . 
 `` bianca , you did it . '' 
 `` did what ? '' 
 dana said . 
 i hugged lucas tightly . 
 this time , when he embraced me in return . 
 he was warm . 
 `` i 'm alive , '' lucas whispered . 
 `` bianca brought me back to life . '' 
 everyone around us started talking at once - in wonder or confusion or glee . 
 dana actually jumped into the air with her hands above her head , a victory leap . 
 i did n't pay any attention . 
 time for explanations and celebrations later . 
 all i wanted to do at tl1at moment was lie tilere in lucas 's arms , my head against his chest , listening to the beating of his heart . 
 within an hour , tile emergency vehicles began showing up - police cars , ambulances , and a couple of fire trucks , altilough there was nothing left of mrs. betilany 's carriage house but glowing cinders . 
 my parents had found a landline inside that remained operational after the big freeze - and - thaw , and they made the 911 call . 
 `` the school is dead now , '' my mother had explained earlier , as ranulf dragged a couple of vampire corpses into the fire to minimize tile awkwardness when tile law arrived . 
 `` without mrs. bethany , there is no evernight academy . 
 these students need to go home to their families . '' 
 `` what will this place become ? '' 
 i said , looking at the massive stone towers silhouetted against tile snow - cloud sky . 
 `` some millionaire 's mansion , maybe . 
 or tile state might turn it into sometl1ing - a home for people in trouble . 
 another school . '' 
 mom smiled 235 gently at dad . 
 `` good thing we never sold the arrowwood place , huh ? '' 
 `` we ca n't go back there , '' he corrected . 
 `` the people who remember us will know we look too young . '' 
 `` i know , dear . 
 i 've been doing this a while , too , remember ? '' 
 she nudged him , fondly teasing . 
 `` but we can sell the house now , and use the money to go somewhere else . '' 
 he put an arm around her shoulders . 
 `` homesick for england ? '' 
 mom brightened , and i suspected their new home would be somewhere near her beloved london . 
 but she remained focused on me . 
 `` what about you , bianca ? '' 
 `` i 'm staying with lucas , '' i said , `` but it does n't matter now where i stay . 
 i can be with you as quickly as blinking an eye . 
 so we 'll visit as much as we want . 
 there 's no such thing as being far away from you , not anymore . '' 
 she drooped a little . 
 `` it 's so unfair . 
 that you can give life to someone else , but you 're a wraith forever . '' 
 `` mom , it 's okay . '' 
 i 'd been turning this over in my mind for several days now , and after tonight 's astonishing events , i finally knew what i wanted to tell her . 
 `` stop thinking that something terrible happened to me , okay ? 
 you guys , of all people , should realize that death 's not the end . 
 besides - ! 
 was meant to be a wraitil . 
 i feel that now . 
 these powers , these abilities - already i can ' t imagine not having them.this is my destiny . 
 this is what i 'm supposed to be . '' 
 after a moment 's pause , i added , `` and it 's fun . '' 
 my parents both started to laugh , and gatilered me into their arms for a ftong hug . 
 as the cops kept taking extremely confused statements from various students , and a very careful statement from lucas , the red and blue lights from their vehicles beat raggedly , turning the snow crust on the ground different colors . 
 vic and ranulf helped skye down the front steps of evernight ; i could see that she continued to shake , and was clumsy as she tried to handle a duffle bag half as big as she was . 
 when they walked past us , i heard her say , `` vampires and vampire hunters and ghosts - and they ' re all at war ? '' 
 `` present company excepted , '' vic said , with a grin over his shoulder . 
 i could sense that maxie hovered there , close by his side . 
 `` you know , if you 236 ask me , those should n't be the sides . 
 instead , it should be the normal , awesome people versus the bug - nut crazy people . 
 plenty of people and vampires and ghosts on both sides of that equation , you know ? '' 
 `` we are among the awesome , '' ranulf said gravely . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 skye looked mostly like she wanted to get the hell away from anything supernatural and take a long nap . 
 i could n't blame her , but i did n't want to let her go without saying thanks . 
 `` skye , `` i called as i walked up . 
 she looked at me tiredly . 
 `` what you did up there - i 'll always be grateful . 
 me and lucas both . '' 
 `` lucas saved my life , '' skye said . 
 `` i wanted to help him , which meant helping you . 
 and , like i said , i 'd want somebody to do it for me . '' 
 her voice was so weary , and her eyes remained haunted . 
 c hoosing my words with care , i said , `` i possessed you for a pretty long time , and some intense supernatural things were happening . 
 are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 skye 's expression hardened . '' 
 `` ll be okay the sooner i get away from here . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` tell lucas i 'm happy for you guys . 
 and ... tell him good - bye . '' 
 then she marched through the snow to the police car without looking back . 
 in the distance , i saw balthazar standing apart from everyone else . 
 i walked through the snow to his side . 
 my father 's coat hung so large on my shoulders that i felt as though i were wearing a cape . 
 balthazar did n't turn as i approached , but when i reached him , he said , `` someone will have to take care of the stables . '' 
 i followed his gaze to the school stables , where a few students had kept their prize horses for riding . 
 `` i had n't thought of that . '' 
 `` i 'll go down there tonight , make sure the horses are fed and warm , '' he said quietly . 
 `` their owners will come for them soon enough , probably , but i 'll keep checking . 
 oh , by the way , while we were looking for you today - i grabbed this . '' 
 from his pocket , balthazar withdrew my silver and coral bracelet and dropped it into my hand . 
 `` it was under the beanbag chair . 
 i guess mrs. bethany stashed it there when she replaced it with the trap . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , but it was n't enough . 
 unspoken words hung between us , and i knew we had to deal with this immediately . 
 tve drunk your 237 blood , too , '' i said . 
 `` what i did for lucas - the return to life - it might work for you . 
 if you want . '' 
 drinking somebody 's blood was a deeply intimate act , and for any other cause , i would never have offered ; it would have been like cheating on lucas . 
 yet i knew that lucas would never begrudge balthazar the chance to live again . 
 to my surprise , balthazar shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 there 's no guarantee it would work , and if it did n't , i 'd be poisoned . '' 
 `` it 's worth a shot . '' 
 `` it would n't work . '' 
 his eyes narrowed as he stared at the horizon , as if he were blinded by the moonlight on the snow . 
 `` what happened tonight - that was n't about blood . 
 it was about the bond between you . 
 the two of you are parts of one whole . 
 that 's something you and i have never been . '' 
 i laid my hand on his shoulder . 
 `` balthazar , i 'm sorry . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm no worse off than i was before . 
 and - i 'm happy for lucas . 
 i mean it . '' 
 quickly i stood on tiptoe to kiss him on the cheek . 
 balthazar smiled at me , but i could tell he mostly wanted to be alone . 
 so i went back to help with the cleanup , and hoped that the police believed our version of events . 
 they would , of course . 
 it was going to be a lot easier for them to decide that a water main had flooded the school , creating some ice on a cold night and shorting out electricity in the carriage house to start the fire . 
 why would they ever believe some panicked teenagers babbling about ghosts ? 
 there was no telling precisely how the final official reports would read , but i knew how they would end : with the confirmation that evernight academy existed no more . 
 around dawn , raquel and dana drove all of us to the town where they lived . 
 although their motel was anything but elegant , it was clean and safe , and there were tons of vacancies . 
 if the tired couple running the motel was confused to suddenly check in seven guests at two a.m. , they said nothing . 
 my parents also said nothing when i went to lucas 's room with him . 
 my mom even checked lucas 's bandage before we walked away and she told him she 'd put some neosporin on it in the morning . 
 he swallowed hard as he nodded , and i could tell he was missing his mother , and the way she 238 had cared for him . 
 mom and dad probably thought we were just going to fall into each other 's arms . 
 i liked the idea , but i knew that lucas and i had to make a lot of decisions tonight - decisions that would shape our whole futures . 
 when we were alone in the room together , i helped him ease out of his jacket and shirt . 
 every move made him wince . 
 i said , `` you know . . . 
 now that you 're human again ... if you wanted to call kate - '' `` i do n't . '' 
 he looked up at me , and although his eyes were sad , i knew he truly meant what he said . 
 `` i still love mom . 
 i always will . 
 but i know now , she has . . . 
 limitations . 
 she ca n't see past her own fear . 
 there 's no way for her to be a part of our lives . 
 maybe someday , i might - i do n't know , let her know what happened . 
 it would be a load off her mind , knowing i 've been changed back . 
 but i 'll never see her again . '' 
 l sat on the hotel bed next to him . 
 `` are you sad ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've known we 'd never be together again for a while now . '' 
 he brought his hand up to the curve of my jaw and smiled . 
 `` and how could i be sad today ? 
 god , bianca , you 're a - miracle . '' 
 i caught his hands in mine . 
 `` you 're alive again , '' i said , my voice shaking . 
 `` you can have any kind of life you want . 
 so i just want you to know that you 're free , okay ? 
 you 're free to make your own decisions . 
 even if - even if that means leaving me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 lucas stared at me like he could n't believe a word i 'd said . 
 `` why would i ever want to leave you ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to fight vampires or wraiths anymore . 
 you told me how much you always wanted a normal life , and now you can have one . 
 lucas , you could go to college , like you used to dream about . 
 meet some girl who 's alive and well and never - never had to attack anyone , or to learn how to kill . '' 
 i could n't quite meet his eyes anymore . 
 `` someday you could get married . 
 have children . 
 that 's something i can never give you . '' 
 lucas stared at me , shocked into silence . 
 he had to be weighing what i 'd just said . 
 i did n't expect him to agree right away , but he had to see the truth of it on some level . 
 given time , he would choose to fulfill his oldest dream : to live like other people lived . 
 to have a house , a job , a family . 
 to 239 set aside the old battles forever . 
 then he said , `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` how do i know what ? '' 
 `` that we ca n't have children . '' 
 it caught me up short . 
 honestly , i 'd never thought i 'd be able to have children ; most vampires never did , with my mom and dad as a rare exception . 
 becoming a ghost had only confirmed its impossibility . 
 `` lucas , i 'm dead . '' 
 `` so were your parents . '' 
 `` i do n't have a body . '' 
 he cupped my face in his hands , so tenderly it made me shiver . 
 `` feels like it to me . '' 
 i could have a body if i wanted one , could n't i ? 
 there did n't seem to be any limit on how long i could keep it . 
 `` we do n't know that it 's possible , '' i protested . 
 `` we ca n't be sure . '' 
 `` that means we can ' t be sure what 's impossible , either . '' 
 lucas smiled at me , his dark green eyes shining . 
 `` bianca , before tonight , nobody ever dreamed that you would be able to bring me back to life like that . 
 you made that happen . 
 and now we 'll find a way . 
 i 'm not talking about kids , or at least not just about kids . 
 i mean , no matter what 's ahead of us . 
 we'ii make it work . 
 because i love you too much to ever let you go . '' 
 joy rippled through me . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 for a moment , hesitation flickered across his features . 
 `` you 're the most amazing supernatural creature in the world , and i 'm just some guy who 's going to get old eventually . '' '' 
 `` ll make my hair gray to match yours , '' i promised . 
 `` i 'll add wrinkles when you do . '' 
 i had n't known that i could feel like crying and laughing at the exact same moment . 
 `` but , lucas - what about having a normal life ? '' 
 `` forget normal . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` we 're going to be extraordinary . '' 
 we kissed , and for the first time since he 'd been changed , there was no barrier between us , no hesitation . 
 it turned out , with a little bit of concentration , i no longer had to take my clothes off . 
 if l wanted them to be gone , they were , so that only my silver and coral bracelet shone on my wrist . 
 it felt different , being with him now that he was alive and i was not . 
 somehow , it felt even better . 
 when we were together , i could sense 240 everything he sensed , be aware of his pleasure along with my own . 
 and his touch was no longer a simple connection of nerves and neurons , no longer creating a merely physical response . 
 instead , i felt his touch as what it was - an expression of the love between us - and that excited me as nothing else ever had or could . 
 `` bianca , '' lucas whispered against my throat , his breath once again warm , the scent of his skin again all around me . 
 `` you 're my life . '' 
 `` and you 're mine . '' 
 it was true . 
 his heartbeat , his muscles , everything that made him human resonated within me as strongly as my own life ever had . 
 within myself i held everything that was wonderful about being supernatural , and everything that had been wonderful about being alive . 
 this was what it meant to be anchored - to be loved . 
 afterward , as we lay tangled up in each other , lucas combed through my hair with his fingers . 
 as he stared up at the ceiling , he said , `` only one thing bothers me . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` the only thing i do n't like about being mortal means - i have to leave you . 
 not until the end of my life , and trust me , i intend to live a good long time , but just the same . 
 that 's where we 're headed , someday . '' 
 a sharp pang made me hug him tighter . 
 'til face that when the time comes . 
 if i 'm able to have the next fifty or sixty years with you - if we can be together and happy for your whole life - then that 's what i want . 
 i 'd rather mourn when i lose you than not be with you at all . '' 
 lucas kissed me deeply , then folded me back into his arms . 
 `` so that 's what we 'll do . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i know how happy you are to be alive , but . . . 
 you were going to live forever , and now you wo n't . 
 you lost your immortality . 
 does that feel weird ? '' 
 `` i 'll never die , '' he said . 
 before i could protest , lucas put two fingers on my lips . 
 his gentle smile seemed to fill the room with light . 
 and i realized he was telling a deeper kind of truth than i 'd ever known before . 
 `` you 'll live forever , and being remembered by you is the only immortality i 'll ever need . 
 if i only live on as a part of you - bianca , that 's my idea of heaven . '' 
