 prologue - amy diary entry , amy , june 13th , 2012 : i always used to picture myself in some sort of fairy tale . 
 i had my life all planned out . 
 i would be a famous actress , everyone would tell me my talent was beyond words . 
 i would be able to bring tears of joy or happiness to any audience 's eyes in seconds , and be able to portray even the hardest of characters in the blink of an eye . 
 if i were really famous , and there were tabloids written about me , they would always say i was beautiful -lrb- somehow , my hair color was always a perfect blond and i was always tall and graceful -rrb- . 
 and i would have a perfect husband by my side ; who supported me , loved every part of me , and was just as beautiful . 
 he would always be fun to be around , and we would never argue . 
 the world would adore him too ; but they would respect our love . 
 and , in these dreams , i was n't sick . 
 i never was . 
 there were no endless needles or pills ; no concerned looks and long hours in the doctor 's office . 
 my purse was n't filled with medication ; i was always full of energy , i did n't have `` bad days '' . 
 i was the picture of health and nothing could hold me back . 
 falling in love with liam had n't been exactly what i pictured ; but when i look back , i would n't have it any other way . 
 all those men whom i imagined as my perfect love do n't compare to him . 
 liam is n't perfect , of course , but somehow , i love him in ways i never thought possible . 
 his pain , his past , who he is , everything that would be considered an `` imperfection '' are just reasons that i love him more . 
 what we have been through in this short period is more than any couple has been able to withstand in a thousand lifetimes . 
 he is always there for me ; always supports and protects me ; always finds a way to make me feel safe , even in the darkness . 
 at first , when we met , i thought he was distant , emotionless , and there was n't a thing in the world that could make me give him a second thought . 
 but time heals all wounds and changes thoughts . 
 and of course , here we are now . 
 i do n't know what the future holds for liam and me . 
 my mortality looms every day , and every second i draw breath is one step closer to being six feet under . 
 but i do know , as long as i draw breath i will be by his side . 
 preface - liam liam , jan 11 th , 2012 : i had known something was different about her from the moment she walked onto the stage ; looking like a startled deer . 
 had it been any other auditionee - and there were hundreds who showed up looking afraid - i would have immediately drawn an `` x '' through their name and written them off without a second thought . 
 but she was different , and not just because she was good . 
 she was better than good . 
 when she spoke , the words came out as if they were natural - something i continuously tried to beat into students ' heads without much success . 
 and she was beautiful , but that was inconsequential . 
 most actresses are some type of beauty , or they make you believe so . 
 and this is a tough industry . 
 it 's not seen through rose tinted glasses . 
 if i ca n't see some sort of physical beauty in them , even at this young age , then they do n't get a shot . 
 better they learn it here than somewhere else . 
 speaking of shots , i had certainly had at least two too many last night . 
 it was a rough night , rougher than most . 
 it seems closer to a full moon , the cravings always get worse . 
 i 'm not sure why , and i have n't bothered to figure it out , but come the full moon , the urge to feed on human blood is never stronger . 
 the alcohol helps , although it is n't always a cure . 
 which led to that morning , and my pounding head . 
 curse immortality that comes with hangovers . 
 i still suffer the effects nearly every time . 
 and when walking into a room full of energized , over-dramatic teenagers , the symptoms double . 
 i nodded curtly to a few of them and made my way toward the front of the room . 
 some of them called my name - no doubt they had questions about the latest simple assignment i 'd given them . 
 no matter how simple i made the homework , they had questions . 
 i was leaning against my desk , back to them to try to drown out the noise , when suddenly , the pain started to subside . 
 the room was growing quiet , and the scent of human blood was neutralized . 
 i took a deep , pain free breath , turning around , proud of myself for controlling the urge . 
 but then i saw i had done so at all . 
 she was standing in the center of the now-quiet room , blushing at the curious stares . 
 her long hair was hanging straight down her back , her huge brown eyes that had first attracted me were staring right into my own . 
 but it was her scent ; calming my urges , that made me hold her gaze , wondering what she was , if she knew . 
 i felt better almost instantly , swallowing to find the words to speak . 
 `` take a seat , amy . '' 
 i said , gesturing with my free hand , and she nodded , sitting down almost instantly . 
 `` and the rest of you ... '' i said , giving them my usual glare . 
 they scuttled to their seats , pulling out note books . 
 i could n't keep my eyes off her the entire lesson . 
 what was she ? 
 what was drawing me to her ? 
 what story of us was just beginning ? 
 chapter 1 : amy write about what you want to be when you grow up . 
 what made you decide that ? 
 use all the proper formatting described in the previous chapter . 
 i read the assignment over and over again , before i clicked the start button . 
 the thing with being homeschooled , or ` online schooled ' , was that once i clicked the start button for the test , i could n't do things normal students did , like negotiate for extra time to go to the bathroom , or argue my grade . 
 i had to do it right the first time . 
 i glanced at the clock , seeing that i still had about forty five minutes left before dad came home . 
 the assignment was only allotted at thirty minutes , maximum , which meant i could probably finish it in twenty . 
 they always gave you too much time with these things , which was silly really , because it meant you had extra time to use the textbook and cheat . 
 i never cheated , of course . 
 i just could n't bring myself to do it . 
 my father had taught me that something worth doing was worth doing right , and even if he was n't home , his lessons rung loud in my ears . 
 if i started this assignment right away , i could finish it and start dinner . 
 i was planning stuffed peppers worthy of a five star restaurant - my father would expect no less - and when i read the recipe for them , i almost drooled . 
 however , they would take some time to make , and i did n't want him home and waiting on food , not after a long day at work . 
 i clicked start , taking a deep breath , and positioned my fingers over the keyboard . 
 go . 
 i want to be an actress . 
 i think i 've always wanted to be an actress . 
 i can remember , when i was young , putting on plays for my parents and my stuffed animals in the living room . 
 nothing thrilled me more than dressing up in costume , making up stories , and performing at the top of my lungs . 
 however , i think there was one day when it became more than just a childhood fantasy . 
 i was nine years old , and my father and i had just moved here . 
 after months of job searching , he finally got a job at a prestigious theater school just down the road . 
 he was to be a cook , helping with not just the student 's three meals a day and snacks -lrb- about 50 % of the school are boarders -rrb- , but also the catering for the fancy theatrical events and any food props needed for the shows . 
 it meant long hours , but that made up for the low pay . 
 i remember him working late at home one night trying to develop a way for meat to be raw on the outside , but cooked on the inside . 
 whatever show they were doing at the time was not ` appropriate for a child my age ' , but he succeeded , and they put his name in the program and gave him ` special thanks ' along with the rest of the chefs . 
 one day , he asked me if i would like to come to work with him . 
 it was national ` take your child to work day ' , and workplaces all across the country were participating . 
 it sounded much better than being at my tutor 's place all day -lrb- in those days , i was tutored ; it was just a few years before we discovered i could get a good education online -rrb- , so i agreed . 
 i was surprised that he would let me out of the house for so long . 
 you see , the other thing you should know about me , is that before this , i had n't dared to really have dreams . 
 my mother died of aids when i was just a baby , and while my father was lucky enough to escape being infected , her blood runs through my veins . 
 i was diagnosed as hiv positive when i was barely a week old . 
 my father has always been overly protective of me , keeping me homeschooled , warning me not to exert myself , barely letting me be in contact with other people . 
 and while i understand his concern , things are different now than in my mother 's time . 
 people with hiv can survive for years living a normal life , and even once the virus becomes full blown aids , ten or twenty years are not unheard of . 
 i try not to think about when that will happen , because it 's inevitable . 
 for now , i have mostly good days . 
 lonely , but good days . 
 anyway , i 'm getting off topic . 
 the point is , the next day i was up at the crack of dawn , dressed in my best clothes , making my hair as neat as possible , excited to go to work with him . 
 we left earlier than he normally would , so that we could walk together . 
 i was practically bouncing off the walls . 
 the school was the most beautiful thing i had ever seen : historic and sturdy on the outside , and the walls inside were filled with colors . 
 there were murals , art work , and old flats from shows mounted on the wall . 
 there were hundreds of black and white pictures of the students in various plays , their costumes and makeup outstanding . 
 i had never seen anything so beautiful in all my life . 
 but that was n't the best part . 
 dad had me sit on a stool with him , watching him take orders and cook up breakfast for the two hundred students about to arrive at the cafeteria . 
 but when breakfast was over , he winked at me and told me this was the best part of the job ; that he could take long breaks in between . 
 he led me down the hallway to the grand theater which was placed in the center of the school . 
 putting a finger to his lips to signal that i should be quiet , he opened the door and snuck me into the back row . 
 on stage , the lights dimmed and the sound track played . 
 rehearsals for that year 's production were just starting . 
 this is when my fate was decided . 
 i do n't think i closed my mouth the entire time we were there . 
 i did n't say a word , it just hung open in awe . 
 that year they were doing a musical - les miserables - and their opening night was just days away . 
 the actors were ready to perform , with their lines memorized and dance steps learned . 
 i watched , as if in a dream myself , as they entered the stage , one by one , their costumes grand and elaborate , and their performance spot on . 
 i cried when fantine perished , and clapped when cossette was safe . 
 i sat on the edge of my seat , my hands over my eyes , as javier ran about the stage , looking for his prey . 
 and when it was over , my eyes were sparkling . 
 i was on my feet , applauding and cheering . 
 `` did you like that ? '' 
 dad asked , beside me , reaching out to stroke my hair . 
 and then i turned to him , and sealed my fate . 
 `` dad , i want to be an actor . '' 
 it was out of the question , before the words even left my mouth . 
 he was too protective of me . 
 i was too fragile . 
 the tuition fees were too high , even if i stayed at home and became only a day student . 
 they had a rigorous audition process , and students from around the world came to try out - having been trained and performing since they could walk . 
 students that were to grace the stages of this school would go on to appear in hollywood ; their names in lights . 
 they would sing on broadway and at the metropolitan opera , they would tour the world . 
 their parents were wealthy , perhaps successful actors themselves . 
 this was not the school for a chef 's daughter who had a dream , and nothing more . 
 that was nine years ago , and i have n't forgotten a moment of that day . 
 although it may not be a reality , this essay asked what i wanted to be when i grew up , not what i was going to be . 
 every year , i watch the oscars with the knowledge of one who has seen the films a thousand times . 
 i download bootleg copies of west end performances , and order theater textbooks from university bookstores , even though i 'm not enrolled in their courses . 
 i think every single one of my pleasure reads is about actors , about the stage or the screen . 
 i still memorize monologues and i post them on youtube , although no one ever watches . 
 it does n't matter . 
 the pure joy of doing that is enough for me . 
 my father thinks that this was the last i knew of the school . 
 sure , we go to see the shows , and i occasionally talk to him about the actors we 've seen there . 
 but to the best of his knowledge , i spend the rest of the time at home , working hard to get high grades , and go to a good college . 
 he wants me to be a writer , or a researcher - perhaps a historian - with a master 's degree or a phd . 
 he wants better for me than what he has - only an 8th grade education and minimum wage to support us . 
 he has n't taken me to work since that day when i was nine ; it 's as if , even then , i was outgrowing his profession , i was better than that . 
 he wants me to find something unstressful that has flexible hours that i can do from home . 
 but home is the last place i want to be . 
 at least twice a week , i wait until i know he 's busy in the kitchens , and i sneak in to the school . 
 i could navigate the route in my sleep by now . 
 the classrooms are mini theaters in themselves , and there are so many observers and auditors ; local drama classes coming for field trips , potential students , that no one notices if i sneak in . 
 i always sit at the back , knowing where to hide out of the light . 
 i could watch for days on end , listening to the lectures , watching the rehearsals . 
 by the time we go to see the shows , i know every line and step off by heart . 
 i can sing every note , bring every emotion forward , and recite every line . 
 i try to follow along with my age group , so i never look too suspicious sitting in the back row . 
 the lectures and lessons are different from year to year , and i always take notes . 
 i have notebooks full of them , hidden under my bed upstairs . 
 although sometimes , it 's a pleasure to watch the first year students , just six or seven years old , acting out performances well beyond their years , without even breaking a sweat . 
 i know the theories of stanislavsky and uta hagan like the back of my hand . 
 i know stage right , stage left , upstage , downstage , backstage , everything . 
 i can listen to almost any shakespeare quote and tell you who said it , where it 's from , and what it means . 
 most of the students , they do n't stay the full twelve years there . 
 they enter late , or leave early , either for fame and fortune , or for broken dreams . 
 some of them barely make it a year , the classes are anything but easy , and the directors are as hard on them as they would be to any professional actor . 
 i probably have been there longer than any of them , with nine years of sneaking in under my belt . 
 i long to be in front of an audience of more than my stuffed animals and five people on youtube , to try to apply what i 've learned . 
 but i 've learned to face reality . 
 i 've not been able to go to the school for a week or so at a time when i 've been ill myself , and i realize how lucky i have it . 
 when my energy is low , i just have to open my laptop . 
 but when i finally do make it back , i feel so full of life . 
 the school rejuvenates me . 
 so that 's what i want to be when i grow up , an actress . 
 and that was the day i decided it forever . 
 i hit save , and spell check , re-reading quickly before i hit submit and ended the test . 
 i wanted to forget writing it as soon as i was done ; bringing back up those feelings was going to stick with me . 
 as soon as i saw it was submitted , i shut down the computer and got up to stretch . 
 i had been typing for four straight hours , finishing most of my assignments , ahead of time as usual . 
 but now , dad would be home , and i wanted to get a head start on dinner . 
 most of my ingredients had already been prepared , in the professional way that he had taught me . 
 i had learned about food safety before i learned not to stick my fingers in light sockets . 
 i could n't help putting some in my mouth as i was preparing it , everything tasted so good today . 
 some days , my appetite seems to leave me , but at that moment it had returned with a vengeance . 
 just 62 days until oscar nominations posted ! 
 my phone beeped with a text from my friend , sarah . 
 sarah was my kindred spirit , my best friend . 
 we had met online via a forum where we were discussing actors and movies , and exchanged phone numbers the next day . 
 despite having never met , we texted each over several times a day with little updates and messages . 
 i smiled , typing back a huge smiley face , and then went back to stuffing peppers . 
 dad had warned me that this was my one downfall in the kitchen ; my phone . 
 i teased him that one day , i would make fried cell phone , and his face told that he would n't put it past me . 
 is your dad home yet ? 
 does he know who is cast in this year 's winter performance ? 
 that beautiful hbo-pretty luke you wrote me about ? 
 i glanced at the clock before replying . 
 although i could n't attend the school , i badgered dad for information , and always saw every performance they put on . 
 this year , the most promising of all was a senior named luke , who had the lead in every show . 
 the last show 's program said he already had an agent and would be moving to la as soon as his schooling was done . 
 not home yet , but soon . 
 i 'll tell you as soon as i know , but i do n't know when they are posting the cast list . 
 living next door to a theater school was like having my own personal hollywood , and at least i had sarah to share it with , rather than sitting in silence all day long . 
 the clock chimed 6pm just as i heard the door open . 
 dad was a bit late , but not overly so . 
 `` hi ! '' 
 i called to him , turning around just as i finished the last of the cutting . 
 he smiled at me as he stepped into the kitchen . 
 `` there are only two professions in the world where one is used to being greeted with a huge knife . 
 serial killer and chef . 
 be careful , amy . '' 
 `` sorry , '' i said , turning around and putting it down again before giving him a hug . 
 being homeschooled often meant i did n't see another living soul all day . 
 `` you 're late . 
 was the cast list posted for the winter show ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looked at me , confused , before he clicked in . 
 `` oh . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 i gave him a horrified look . 
 how exactly could he spend all day there and not know ? 
 `` but it was due any day now . 
 and is n't that why you were late ? 
 students all checking the cast list ? '' 
 `` the headmaster was going on and on about the use of so much red meat in food , '' he replied , hanging up his coat . 
 `` these may be drama students , rising stars , but they are still normal kids who like burgers and fries . 
 geez ... anyway , what are you cooking ? '' 
 `` stuffed peppers . '' 
 i had begun to set the table , wondering exactly how messy these peppers were going to be . 
 `` did you finish your assignments today , or do you need to continue to work ? '' 
 he asked , and i nodded . 
 `` no , i 'm done . 
 i 'm so glad i do n't have to take calculus any longer . '' 
 calculus had been the bane of my existence , and it was mandatory up until 10th year . 
 i was n't sure exactly what i was going to do with my life , but i knew math was n't going to be in it , so the moment it became optional , i had stopped . 
 when i had math on my plate in 8th and 9th year , and had begun taking courses online by myself , i had spent about every evening in tears trying to figure it out . 
 dad had not been much help then , having stopped taking math in 8th grade himself , to train as an apprentice chef . 
 it had n't helped that he had told me , with a rueful smile , that math was also the bane of my mother 's existence when she was in school . 
 i just felt more doomed than ever before . 
 `` what did you do today , then ? '' 
 he asked , reaching to pour himself a glass of water . 
 `` english , mostly , '' i replied . 
 `` a little french and world politics . '' 
 i took a breath before posing my next question . 
 however , before i could ask him about colleges , he cut me off . 
 `` and how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i replied , a bit annoyed . 
 this was his question every second moment of the day . 
 i received two phone calls and five text messages a day from him , asking the same thing . 
 `` i even cleaned my room during lunch . '' 
 `` are you sure you 're feeling fine , then ? 
 you cleaned your room ? '' 
 he gave me a teasing glance . 
 `` who are you and what having you done with my daughter ? '' 
 `` aliens , '' i replied , as the oven dinged . 
 `` that 's what happens when you get left alone all day . 
 you 're an easy target for abduction . '' 
 i pulled the food out of the oven , putting it on hot plates on the table . 
 `` tomorrow i 'll be late again , '' dad said , as he sat down , taking another swallow of water . 
 `` possibly into the evening . 
 in fact , it 'll likely be that way all next week '' `` oh ? '' 
 i looked up , surprised . 
 tomorrow was friday , and we usually rented a film and ordered in dinner . 
 it had been a tradition since my childhood , and while the movies had changed from cartoons to dramas , the ritual remained the same . 
 `` next week they are having auditions for the winter semester , so they 'll have an overload of potential students flooding the school , which means the cafeteria will be extra busy . 
 i need to make sure things are prepped and ready so we do n't get slammed . 
 the last thing the headmaster will want is for us to appear as though we are not top quality . 
 even if that means we 've just run out of fries and pizza . '' 
 `` anyone interesting ? '' 
 `` just mostly potential transfers from that drama school down south , '' he replied , chewing thoughtfully . 
 `` you practically have to have a pedigree to get into a school full of pedigrees . '' 
 `` right , '' i replied , taking a bite . 
 `` how is it ? '' 
 i asked , alarmed , when he put his fork down after only one bite . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 good herbs , not bad on the sauce . 
 it 's just ... '' after a minute he pushed his plate away . 
 `` sorry , amy , i 'm just not very hungry today . 
 my stomach has been upset since breakfast . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i replied , alarmed , but he shook his head and gave me a soft smile . 
 `` nothing to worry about , love . 
 it really is good . '' 
 `` good enough for a professional chef ? '' 
 i asked , and his face darkened . 
 `` you need to set your sights higher than that , amy . 
 speaking of , when are college applications due ? '' 
 `` next month . '' 
 i replied . 
 `` but i looked into it today . 
 i mean ... you do n't just fill out a form and submit as many as you like . 
 they cost money to even submit . 
 it 's about 100 , each time . '' 
 he winced at this , meeting my eyes . 
 `` 100 ? 
 for each one ? '' 
 `` more for the private schools , '' i said , looking down . 
 `` and that 's for online applications too . 
 but dad , we do n't have to ... '' the last thing i wanted to be was a burden . 
 already , i had seen my father go without a hat or warm coat because of the cost of my medication . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 this is your future , '' he said , standing up and carrying his plate to the sink . 
 `` we 'll figure it out , one way or another , and i do n't want to hear another word about it . 
 submit to as many as you can , amy . '' 
 `` but ... '' i started , and he glared at me . 
 `` the discussion is closed . 
 now , '' he rinsed his plate , his back to me . 
 `` i 'm going to lie down for a bit , see if i ca n't shake this . 
 i 'll do the dishes later tonight . 
 you should get a head start on those applications , look into them and see how many you 'd like to submit . '' 
 `` alright , '' i replied , reluctantly . 
 i already knew in my head that the number was in the double digits , if i could have my way , and i knew that there was no way we could pay for it . 
 but dad was n't giving me a chance to protest , and before i could say another word , he was gone . 
 after i finished my own dinner , i rebooted my computer , bringing my notebook to the kitchen table . 
 turning to a blank page and trying to ignore the pages already filled with theater notes , i wrote college , in big letters on the top of a page , and began to write down admission requirements for each . 
 however , each time i clicked on a page full of a list of programs , i could n't help but check out the requirements for the theater majors . 
 most required an audition , although i knew already which were good schools and which were not . 
 college or not , none of them compared to the education offered at the theater school down the road , but perhaps it could be another dream of mine . 
 i was interrupted by the sound of footsteps upstairs , and then , to my horror , my father choking . 
 i shut my notebook in a hurry , heading to the bottom of the stairs . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i called , and after a long silence , he responded . 
 `` i 'm alright , amy . 
 just an upset stomach . '' 
 `` oh no , '' i came a few steps up to the landing , where i could see him leaning over the sink . 
 he looked terrible , the transformation from just an hour ago was stunning . 
 pale and sweaty , his jaw clenched as tightly as his hands , he looked like he was about to fall over . 
 `` are you sure you 're alright ? '' 
 `` no , stay away . '' 
 he waved an arm at me . 
 `` you think you have a bug or something ? '' 
 `` chef 's curse , '' he said , with a shaky grin . 
 `` i 've felt it before . 
 i think the milk from this morning might have gone bad . '' 
 `` you do n't think it was my peppers , do you ? '' 
 i asked , alarmed that i might have done something careless . 
 `` no , '' he shook his head . 
 `` if it was , you 'd be sick , but it also would n't have come on so fast . 
 we had left-overs among the kitchen staff this morning which tasted off . 
 i ignored it then , but that 's probably what it is now . 
 still , if it 's contagious , i do n't want you too close , amy . 
 i want you to stay downstairs , and wash your hands . '' 
 `` can i get you anything ? '' 
 i offered , unsure of what to do . 
 my father was my rock , my stronghold , and seeing him weakened was frightening to me . 
 `` no , thank you , darling . 
 just stay downstairs . 
 i 'm sure i 'll be fine in the morning . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , unbelieving that he could go from looking so wretched to making a fast recovery . 
 still , i listened to his wishes , and back tracked down the stairs . 
 parts have n't been cast yet , and i think i food poisoned my father . 
 i failed you on both fronts . 
 i texted sarah once i was back in the kitchen . 
 i 've got something that will cheer you up . 
 she replied , sending me a link . 
 with a smile , i clicked on it , and sat back in my chair watching dame judy dench perform shakespeare at london 's west end . 
 sarah always knew how to save the day . 
 thank god for best friends , even ones so far away . 
 chapter 2 : amy i opened my eyes to a now familiar sound - that of my father coughing in the early dawn light . 
 this had been going on for a week and it was n't getting any better . 
 what he thought was just food poisoning was either the worst case that had ever existed , or something more . 
 either way , i was suffering along with him . 
 not just from seeing him in pain , but from his lack of work . 
 the chefs relied not only on their salaries , but also on tip outs that were shared with the staff when they catered big events . 
 dad had not been to work for a week . 
 when i checked the bank account online yesterday , which should have been pay day , i was shocked to find a negative amount . 
 and it was two more weeks until he got paid again . 
 we needed money ; we were already only just getting by . 
 we could n't go on like this . 
 `` dad , '' i said , appearing in his room as the sun rose . 
 i was dressed in black pants and a white shirt , with my jacket on . 
 the moment he saw me , i 'm sure he knew what i was going to do . 
 `` amy , no . '' 
 `` and why not , exactly ? '' 
 i asked , leaning against the door post . 
 `` have you seen the amount of money we have lately ? '' 
 `` amy , '' he sat up , trying to take a sip of water , but finding his stomach would n't have any of it . 
 `` this is n't what i wanted for you , to ever have to do this . '' 
 `` do n't be dramatic , dad , '' i said . 
 `` leave that for the students . 
 it 's not forever . 
 it 's just for a few days , until you feel better . '' 
 `` you 're better than this , '' he managed , and i sighed . 
 `` if it 's good enough for you forever , it 's good enough for me . 
 it 'll be fine , daddy , do n't worry . 
 it was fine when i spent those few weeks working with you a summer ago . '' 
 `` that was ... '' he gasped at the pain in his stomach , wincing for a moment , and then continued . 
 `` that was for work experience , for your college applications . 
 you should n't have to worry about money , or jobs or any of this . '' 
 `` well , maybe i need more work experience . 
 other girls my age have much more experience than me , at multiple jobs . 
 a few more days can only inch closer to looking good , '' i said , with a half smile . 
 i knew him too well . 
 we would argue for another few minutes , and then he would let me have my way . 
 that 's how it always was . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asked and i raised my eyebrow , finding it funny that in light of the situation , he was the one asking me this . 
 `` i feel fine , i swear , '' i replied . 
 `` and my cell phone is fully charged , i promise i 'll call you every break . '' 
 eventually , he sighed , too tired to argue . 
 and he knew i was speaking sense , he had seen the contents of the fridge . 
 i was doing what was necessary . 
 `` alright , '' he said , finally . 
 `` call me every break . 
 and i know when they are . '' 
 `` of course , '' i replied , blowing him a kiss from the doorway . 
 `` can i bring you anything else ? '' 
 `` you 'll be late , '' he said to me , and i grinned , nodding as i closed the door behind me . 
 as soon as i was outside , in the early morning sunshine , i texted sarah . 
 he said yes ! 
 to the school i go . 
 the reply came back almost instantly . 
 tell me everything ! 
 oh my god , so lucky ! 
 i smiled at this . 
 when sarah and i had discussed it last night , i thought it would be impossible . 
 but now as i walked towards the school , it felt like i was living a dream . 
 even if i had not spent every second day sneaking around the school , i had spent enough time there legally to know it like the back of my hand . 
 there were no first day jitters , no fears of the unfamiliar that usually accompanied entering a new place . 
 instead , i was full of energy with a huge smile on my face when i slid through the back door of the kitchen . 
 `` watch out , trouble jr. is here ! '' 
 called out adam , who was my dad 's right hand man , and had known me since i was a child . 
 i grinned , opening my mouth to explain the situation , but adam shook his head . 
 `` he already spoke to me , kid . 
 you 're not the only one who can communicate with a cell phone . '' 
 i laughed at that , slipping my phone into my back pocket . 
 `` so , what 's happening today ? '' 
 `` big group of people today , few different events going on , '' adam said , as he led me towards the back so i could get an apron and cap . 
 `` now , listen , amy , i know it 's hard to cook with gloves , but ... '' `` you need me to , in case i cut my hand off and blood goes everywhere , '' i replied , with a tight smile . 
 `` i know . 
 do n't worry about it '' `` do n't cut your hand off , your father will be mad , '' adam replied , trying to lighten the situation . 
 `` that 's a general rule for all chefs . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded , and shooed him out so i could suit up . 
 feeling a bit like i was a surgeon preparing for an operation , i exited the changing room and headed for the prep line . 
 `` alright , can you cut up these veggies ? '' 
 adam asked . 
 i nodded . 
 `` we need enough for an army , so do n't stop until you ca n't find another vegetable in this kitchen . 
 you get three coffee breaks and an hour for lunch , and you can take them whenever you need , kid . 
 just pace yourself and be ... '' `` careful , '' i finished the sentence with an eye roll , and then rolled up my sleeves in order to wash the massive pile of vegetables in the tin bowl in front of me . 
 the vegetables were meant to go with a home-made dip that was being prepared opposite me , and nothing at this school was done simply . 
 i knew that simple cubes of cucumber or carrot sticks were n't going to suffice . 
 instead , i cut shapes , stars , circles and squares , making a rainbow array of colors and shapes , arranging them on platter after platter . 
 i smiled as i worked , listening to the conversations around me . 
 it was so nice to be out of the house , and around people . 
 still , my heart hammered every time i looked at the clock . 
 i was timing my three breaks so that each one would coincide with catching a bit of my favorite classes , or seeing my favorite instructors . 
 if i could slip in just three times today , it would be enough to keep me happy for another few days . 
 it was like an addiction , seeing the classes run , watching the rehearsals . 
 i had read the symptoms of addiction for a course last year and it all fit-dependency , need to lie , first thing you think about when you wake up , etc. . 
 but it could be worse . 
 i could be doing drugs . 
 illegal ones , i thought to myself with a little laugh as i cut up a red pepper into the shape of a star . 
 legal ones , i 'd been doing since birth . 
 hiv positive patients had enough drugs prescribed to them to run a small pharmacy . 
 when the clock struck 10:15 , i stopped and headed to the back to take off my apron , gloves and hairnet . 
 `` going for coffee ! '' 
 i called to adam , who nodded at me , absorbed in his work . 
 i could probably go to the moon and he would n't notice , as long as i got the vegetables done . 
 pulling my hair into a bun and trying to repair the damage the hair net had caused , i zipped up my jacket so as to not look so obviously like a chef . 
 the students around me wore an array of colors , except for the senior ones who were currently in rehearsal week for physical theater . 
 they were required to wear all black , all the time , and you could always spot them in the crowd . 
 i was heading toward room 3c , a huge lecture hall , in order to catch a lecture on koobooki theater , when i was distracted by a girl 's bright yellow poodle skirt . 
 suddenly i felt my body connect with someone else 's . 
 the force of it made me stumble back a little and i narrowly missed the lockers . 
 i knew instantly whom i 'd walked into . 
 it was n't hard to recognize him after all these years . 
 always surrounded by a cloud of staff , as if he was too good to even brush elbows with the students , stood liam swift . 
 he glanced back at me quickly as he continued walking , and our eyes met , just once , before his entourage continued to sweep him away . 
 liam swift . 
 sarah and i practically had a heart attack when he rose to hollywood fame . 
 he was insanely gorgeous , probably one of the best looking men i had ever seen , with piercing light grey eyes , and dark , almost black hair kept a little too long , so that soft strands were almost touching his eyes . 
 with pale skin , and a lean , muscular body , he was enough to make any girl fall over and do his bidding . 
 still , despite being stunning , he was one of many hollywood actors we obsessed over . 
 at the peak of his career , sarah had unearthed the fact that his grandfather , peter , ran a theater school-this school . 
 this discovery alone was enough to draw me here more often than usual . 
 but three years ago , in a flurry of media announcements that had me glued to the local news , liam had come to our town . 
 hollywood superstar liam swift , just twenty-three years old and already on forbes rich list , announces that he will be taking over the role of headmaster at leopard academy , a prestigious theater school founded by his grandfather , peter smith . 
 liam will begin his new duties in september of this year , officially retiring from filmmaking . 
 i could still hear the newscaster 's voice in my ears as she made that announcement . 
 my heart was pounding and i could hardly believe it . 
 the media had gone crazy , covering every event , attempting to get a glimpse of their favorite star . 
 but now , it had pretty much died down , letting the school function as normal . 
 in fact , the only one who seemed not to function as normal was this egotistic stuck up headmaster , who never said a kind word to anyone . 
 he always travelled with an entourage of other teachers and i had n't ever seen a student approach him . 
 his classes were small , and protected , as they were mostly the junior and senior ones , so i had never attended any of them . 
 but while i was curious about his technique , i could study it by watching his movies a million times . 
 his personality , up close , did n't seem worth chasing after . 
 but those eyes ... perhaps those eyes would change my mind . 
 i shook myself out of my own thoughts , opening the door to the lecture hall and going to sit in the back row . 
 no one noticed . 
 as usual , the class was full of energy and excitement , even though it was just a lecture . 
 for the next ten minutes , i floated on the professors words , watching image after image of koobooki style theater float by on the big screen , listening to the techniques each type of actor would apply . 
 i did n't have my note book with me , but i took notes on my phone , until it buzzed , reminding me to get back to the kitchen . 
 with a sigh , i waited until the professor changed slides and then slipped out , hurrying back to the vegetables . 
 `` amy , call your father , '' adam said , the second i slipped back in . 
 i reached to pull out my phone , and dialed home , trying to pull my hair net back on with the other hand . 
 `` amy ? '' 
 dad asked , the moment he picked up . 
 `` yes , i 'm fine . 
 just had first break , '' i said , as i tied the apron with difficulty . 
 `` i 'm cutting vegetables all day , nothing i ca n't handle . '' 
 `` good . 
 i told adam to give you something easy . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 `` i just told you , i 'm fine . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 i countered , glancing at my appearance in the mirror . 
 glamorous , i thought , sarcastically . 
 `` better . 
 you should n't have to be there much longer , amy . '' 
 `` take as long as you need , dad , '' i replied , leaning on the phone so i could straighten my apron . 
 `` really . 
 i 'm ahead on school work , so it 's not a big deal . '' 
 `` just be careful , '' he told me again , and then bid me goodbye . 
 however , not before making me promise to call him on my next break . 
 i did , and hung up , putting the phone into my purse . 
 if he was going to ring me several times , at least it would be back here . 
 `` do you want to make a prop ? '' 
 adam asked me , approaching with two grocery bags . 
 i nodded , anything was better than cutting vegetables . 
 peaking inside , i found exactly what i was hoping for . 
 `` we 're making fake blood ! '' 
 adam laughed at my delight . 
 `` yes . 
 there 's an accident scene in one of the freshman classes , so they need a lot of fake blood . 
 but you 've got ta play with it a bit . 
 it 's got to look real , but thinner , be easily wiped off , because in the next scene , they are fine . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded , my mind already turning . 
 fake blood was easy : corn syrup , food coloring and water . 
 i was already thinking that making it with ice-cubes instead of hot water would keep it thinner and easier to wipe off , without losing its realism . 
 i set right to work , mixing , stirring and testing . 
 i could only imagine the scenarios in my head that they would need it for ; the creativity that required playing injured . 
 perhaps the actor would have to fake cry ? 
 that was my favorite thing to learn how to do ; i had practiced in front of my bedroom mirrors for weeks before i learned how to make tears come on cue . 
 i had been so excited that i almost cried for real . 
 of course , i thought sadly as i stirred a bubbling pot full of fake blood , that was for fun . 
 they need this for real . 
 lucky . 
 i had become so lost in my own thoughts that i barely noticed the hours slip by . 
 but when my stomach grumbled , i was surprised to look up at the clock and find it was 12:50 pm . 
 perfect , i thought . 
 i had brought a sandwich and could eat it in the back of the theater . 
 they were rehearsing act one of their production in there this afternoon , and i could n't wait to watch it with full lighting . 
 `` lunch ! '' 
 i called to adam . 
 `` oh , and i think the blood 's ready . 
 worthy of any vampire . '' 
 i grinned , pulling the spoon out to show him the consistency of him . 
 he raised an eyebrow , coming over to test it on the inside of his wrist . 
 `` hey , that 's not bad , '' he replied , nodding . 
 `` you want me to send this over ? '' 
 `` sure , just let it cool , but i think it 's done . '' 
 i replied , pulling off my apron and wiping my hands on it . 
 it certainly looked like blood , even as it dried , darker than it was wet . 
 `` see you after lunch . '' 
 `` call your father ! '' 
 he called after me , and i turned , giving him thumbs up , before heading into the change room . 
 i texted dad this time , quickly , as i hurried down the halls . 
 i did n't want to miss the start of the show , and my sandwich was finished before i even entered the next building . 
 on lunch . 
 going to read a book . 
 i wrote . 
 it was a lame excuse , but he would believe it . 
 i always had my nose in a book , what else was there to do at home ? 
 i put my phone away , rounding the corner , attempting to slip into the hall quietly . 
 i did not expect what i was met with . 
 there were loud voices coming from the hallway . 
 it was impossible to make out individual words in the din . 
 there were at least a hundred girls , maybe more , in a queue that snaked around the hallway and into the next one . 
 i stopped short before i almost ran into somebody . 
 this had happened before , when i was trying to watch a show . 
 they sometimes invited neighbouring schools to watch dress rehearsals , various young drama classes and such . 
 these girls must be from the girls ' school on the south side of town . 
 all of them were perfect ; tall , thin and beautiful ; the type that a private school usually attracts . 
 i immediately felt inadequate , with my thrift store clothes , and hair a mess , not wearing a scrap of makeup . 
 self consciously , i attempted to pull my hair back into a bun , and prayed it would stay that way . 
 i moved past the girls , who were standing in single file . 
 i figured if they were all from one school , they had to stay together , and i could slip past them and get a good seat before they were all gone . 
 there was a commotion up front and i knew who it was before i even looked up . 
 liam . 
 escorted as usual by his entourage , i was surprised to also find a crowd of media . 
 that had n't happened here in awhile and i assumed they had given up on him . 
 but here they were , squawking , cameras flashing , as if he had n't ever been away from hollywood at all . 
 one of his entourage had her hand on his back , a tall wiry redhead who looked young enough to be a student herself , pushing him gently through the crowd . 
 liam was holding a newspaper up to his face , shielding it from view . 
 however , standing on the other side , i could see he looked tense , paler than this morning , his jaw tightly clenched . 
 and then he was gone , inside the auditorium , and i found myself standing outside the doors . 
 `` right this way , '' someone said , and i looked up . 
 she was a 6th year student , i recognized her from the hallways , and the few times i sat in on her classes . 
 she was shoving a paper into my hand , and hurrying me inside . 
 `` move along please . 
 only students , no one else . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked my heart in my chest . 
 did she know my secret ? 
 after all these years , was it going to be a preteen girl who called me out ? 
 but she seemed already to be speaking to someone else , a mother standing at the front of the line with her arms around someone who was obviously her daughter . 
 i ducked into the room before anyone else spotted me , heading to the second row to take a seat . 
 only then did i look down at what was in my hand . 
 auditions - leopard academy scholarship fund - girls day . 
 below it was a script ; an excerpt from what i quickly read was beauty and the beast . 
 but it was the headline that got me . 
 i must have gotten my dates mixed up - today was not the dress rehearsal . 
 today was the auditions for the scholarship that everyone always buzzed about . 
 every two years , leopard academy held auditions for one talented student to win a full scholarship to the school , for as long as they needed to attend before graduating . 
 this was an old tradition that liam 's grandfather had started , although i imagine it was even more popular now that liam was the headmaster . 
 the spots were coveted , people came from other countries just to be here today . 
 and here i was , sitting in the second row , technically in line . 
 before i could even get to my feet , or pull out my phone to text sarah , another girl sat beside me , putting her feet up on the chair in front of us . 
 `` hi . 
 i 'm alicia . '' 
 `` uh ... amy , '' i said , reaching out to shake hands . 
 `` did you bring a hardcopy of your headshot and resume ? '' 
 alicia asked , rummaging through her bag frantically . 
 `` i mean , of course i sent it online , but i was n't sure if we were supposed to bring a hard copy too ? '' 
 `` uh ... no . '' 
 i replied , with a shrug . 
 after all , it was the truth , i was n't carrying a hardcopy of my headshot and resume with me . 
 never mind that i did n't actually have either . 
 `` oh . 
 well , i 'm sure it 's fine then . '' 
 she settled back into her seat , relaxing . 
 `` how long have you been acting ? '' 
 `` uh ... not long , '' i managed , looking at my watch . 
 this place was packed and it was starting to look like even if i wanted to leave , i could n't . 
 not without attracting a lot of attention to myself . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` since i was a fetus , '' she replied , with a smile . 
 `` my mom did an ultrasound commercial when she was pregnant with me . 
 and i did some diaper commercials , and it 's been go go go ever since . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , impressed . 
 she really did mean she had been acting forever . 
 `` and i spent five years as a minor character on lazy workers , '' she said , looking me up and down to see if i recognized her . 
 i did n't , but i nodded enthusiastically anyway . 
 `` so ... if you have all this experience ... why do you want to audition here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i mean ... if you 're already a full time actress , is n't that a dream come true ? '' 
 `` well ... '' she bit her lip . 
 `` it was . 
 but things have been hard since my dad left ... and i have n't been able to get much work lately . 
 so my mom thought this would be a good opportunity for me . 
 plus , hello , liam swift is the head master here , '' she nodded towards the stage , where we had seen liam disappear . 
 `` he can teach me anything , anytime , '' she winked at me . 
 `` sure , '' i replied . 
 i wanted to ask her more , about what it was actually like to be an actor ; how it felt when it was your job and not just something you did because you were so in love with it . 
 what was it like , to act every single day and get paid for it ? 
 i was about to open my mouth when the curtain rose . 
 it seemed nothing official was starting quite yet , but liam and his cronies were on the stage now . 
 the redhead i had seen earlier was standing at the edge of the stage , scanning the crowd . 
 finally , she turned to him , and nodded . 
 he stepped forward , clearing his throat . 
 before he even got to say a word , the lights dimmed and a wave of applause broke out , followed by cheering . 
 liam glared out into the crowd , waiting for it to settle before he spoke . 
 `` welcome to the auditions for the scholarship fund . 
 students the academy have funded over the years have gone on to do great things including tv , movies , and broadway . 
 every second year , we accept one person , gender and age not being a factor , and fund them for as long as they need to be at this school - kindergarten through graduation , if need be . 
 this student will have the same rights and privileges of any student here at the academy . 
 it 's quite the opportunity . '' 
 he paused for applause . 
 `` so hopefully , it 's in one of you . 
 you 'll each get two minutes to read the script , and then you 'll be asked to move on . 
 if the panel likes you , you 'll be asked for your contact details outside when you exit . 
 so , let 's get started , '' he said , indicating that the rest of his entourage should head down to where the panel normally sat , in front of the first row , facing the stage . 
 `` rows one and two , come line up . 
 and please , two minutes , and then exit . 
 nothing more , '' he said , and then walked away from the microphone , oblivious to the applause . 
 my heart hammering in my chest , i stood up , forced out of the row by the rest of them . 
 my mind was already turning . 
 could i pull this off ? 
 i could at least try , just for experience . 
 i was never going to get it , not with the likes of girls like alicia in the crowd ... but why not try ? 
 just for fun . 
 i had time , especially if it was only two minutes per girl . 
 my lunch break was n't over for another forty five minutes and there were only twenty girls ahead of me . 
 i could make it and then run back . 
 besides , adam would n't mind if i was five minutes late . 
 taking a deep breath , i went to line up against the wall with the rest . 
 `` so , '' liam 's voice boomed as he spoke into the microphone at the panel table . 
 `` two minutes , one of the judges will read opposite you , and then head over to the left exit . 
 if porsche asks you to give her your contact info , please do . '' 
 he waved his hand over to the redhead , and i raised an eyebrow at her name , giggling . 
 porsche ? 
 `` i 'm guessing that 's his newest thing then , helping out , '' alicia whispered to me . 
 `` lucky . '' 
 `` who 's first ? '' 
 liam asked , silencing us . 
 with a gulp , the first girl stepped forward . 
 i closed my eyes , trying to calm down . 
 this was it , i was trapped , and i had to go through with it . 
 i just hoped i would n't make a complete fool of myself . 
 chapter 3 : amy i was shaking as i inched closer and closer to the front . 
 each time a girl read , alicia would either roll her eyes in disapproval , or shake her head , as if there was no hope left . 
 `` that 's candice manther , '' she said , as a new girl approached the panel of judges . 
 `` her resume is about three times the size of mine , and she certainly has a salary from her last show . 
 what the hell is she doing here ? '' 
 `` maybe she wants a chance , like everyone else ? '' 
 i said , shrugging . 
 my hands were clenched in fists , as i tried to control my nerves . 
 `` hey , look , i think i changed my mind ... '' `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 alicia turned around , grabbing me like we had known each other for years . 
 `` do n't let the likes of candice manther put you off . 
 you deserve a chance just like anyone else . '' 
 `` right , '' i replied . 
 my heart was beating fast , and my mouth had gone dry . 
 of course i wanted a chance , i wanted to act , and it 's all i ever thought of . 
 if sarah were here now , she 'd be bouncing off the walls . 
 but in this crowd , i did n't stand a chance . 
 not with girls who looked vaguely familiar , girls who already had tons of training and a resume longer than the line up to this audition . 
 still , as i looked over the script in my hands , i felt myself drawn to the words . 
 like many others in the line , i began to whisper the words over and over to myself in my head . 
 it was a short script , only a couple of pages , and i quickly indentified that it was more about expression and body language than the actual words . 
 i became so absorbed in the script that i barely noticed how close i was to the front . 
 however , when i heard somebody say ` next ! ' 
 , and there was an awkward silence , i realized that it was my turn . 
 `` um . 
 me . '' 
 i said , moving forward . 
 the lights were bright , and i could barely see the panel in front of me . 
 liam looked at me with annoyance and i quickly realized i was standing too far back . 
 moving forward , onto the masking tape ` x ' they had put down , i nervously held my ground . 
 he was staring at me . 
 he could probably see right through me and my lack of training . 
 `` i 'll read now , '' he said , and that surprised me . 
 there had been twenty girls in front of me , and they all had someone else on the panel read opposite them . 
 liam had not uttered a word ... until me ? 
 `` right , '' i said , folding the script and putting it in my back pocket . 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you do n't need it ? '' 
 `` no , i uh ... have a good memory , '' i replied , which was true . 
 i also did n't want him to see how badly my hands were shaking . 
 `` whenever you 're ready then , '' he said , never taking his sharp eyes off me . 
 i took a deep breath , closing my eyes as the lines flashed through my mind . 
 and then , opening them to face him square on , i started talking . 
 `` you think i 've ever cared what you are ? '' 
 i said . 
 i surprised myself , the first line of a monologue was always difficult for me . 
 but here it was , flowing through me . 
 the words just spilled through my mouth , almost as if i had nothing to do with them . 
 `` i have never cared what you are or what you look like . '' 
 `` and what kind of future do you think we would have ? '' 
 liam snapped , as the beast to my beauty . 
 `` i do n't care about the future , '' i said , meeting his eyes . 
 `` i came here , prepared to hate you ... but all that 's changed . 
 all of it . 
 i feel things about you that i have never felt before , not with any man . 
 all of a sudden , the world is real . 
 the fairy tales i 'm reading are coming true . '' 
 `` are you not frightened ? '' 
 suddenly liam was on his feet , growling at me . 
 `` do you not know what awaits you , if you choose this fate ? 
 this life with me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , holding my ground . 
 `` you . '' 
 there was silence , and internally i panicked , wondering if i had forgotten a line . 
 he stared at me for an impossibly long time , and although it made me incredibly uncomfortable , i tried not to break his gaze . 
 acting was about looks as much as the words that came out of your mouth , and so i continued to meet his eyes with what i thought was love and support ; things i thought beauty would feel for her beast . 
 no one said anything for quite awhile , and then liam left the table without another word . 
 everyone watched as he went over to porsche and whispered something in her ear . 
 the girl nodded and then crooked a finger , beckoning me over . 
 i went , in the silence , over to her , as liam passed me , calling `` next ! '' 
 in that gruff bark that was startling to everyone . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 porsche asked , when she had taken me out into the hallway . 
 i panicked , thinking i was in trouble , that they had caught me , until i remembered that this was a good thing . 
 had i actually done well ? 
 out of all the girls who had auditioned so far , he had n't sent one of them over here yet . 
 `` amy , '' i said , and spelt my last name for her . 
 she asked a few more details and then scribbled them down as well , making sure my phone number and email were correct . 
 my heart began to sink when she asked for my experience and resume . 
 of course , having none , i babbled about my work in the kitchens . 
 maybe all she wanted was to know i was n't a complete spoiled deadbeat teenager who never had a job ? 
 in a last ditch effort , i mentioned my father , and homeschooling , hoping anything i had would help . 
 it was when she asked about my mother 's profession that i shook my head and tried to change the subject . 
 outside of the house , i never talked about my mother . 
 i was afraid that the very few memories i had of her , a scent , a happy feeling , would disappear , if i exposed her to the public . 
 they were my memories , all i had left . 
 up close , porsche seemed very familiar , and finally , when she bent over to pick up the pen she dropped , did it click . 
 `` are you a dancer ? '' 
 i asked , before i could stop myself . 
 `` you are , are n't you ? 
 you 're a ballerina for the russian national ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , with a smile , but offered me no more information . 
 instead , she instructed me to stand against the wall , taking my picture with a polaroid camera . 
 `` but why are you here then ? 
 did you retire , like liam did ? '' 
 `` nope , '' the girl was incredibly tight lipped on information , and it was leading me to believe she really was dating liam , in secret . 
 `` now amy , one more question . 
 do you have any medical conditions ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' my breath caught in my throat . 
 i put myself through all that only to get caught up with this . 
 `` lying wo n't do you any good , '' porsche said . 
 `` if we take you as a student and do n't put it on the insurance , we could get in a lot of trouble . 
 it 's not going to affect your chances , we just need to know . 
 what condition do you have ? '' 
 i was about to lie , but the fact that she asked `` what '' meant that she already knew , somehow . 
 `` i 'm hiv positive , '' i said . 
 porsche stopped at this suddenly , looking at me with an emotion i could n't quite read . 
 judgement ? 
 sympathy ? 
 disgust ? 
 `` not from drugs or anything like that . 
 my mom was infected . 
 but i 'm fine and i 'm healthy and i take all the right pills and the doctor says my chances are good . 
 aids is n't a death sentence anymore and ... '' she waved her hand with a smile , writing it down . 
 `` it 's fine , amy . 
 we just needed to know . 
 thanks . 
 we may be in touch . '' 
 she gave me a look to indicate that we were more than done here . 
 i nodded and made my way back to the kitchens . 
 it seemed like days ago that i had left them , even though it was just an hour . 
 i was trembling , although i 'm sure it was n't that noticeable . 
 still , it took a moment of effort to snap my rubber gloves on . 
 they had taken my information ... that was a good thing , right ? 
 and they had n't thrown me out on the spot when they found out about my health , so that was also good . 
 still , i knew i needed to put it out of my mind . 
 there were girls in there who were better than me , and i knew it . 
 i had only seen the first twenty auditions , and there were at least two hundred . 
 there was no way i had a shot . 
 but i could n't shake the feeling of hope that i had . 
 i had done well , i knew that . 
 and acting in front of the audience for the first time had given me such an adrenalin rush that i soared my way through the rest of the food prep and was allowed to leave early . 
 as soon as i was out of the kitchen , i texted sarah . 
 her response was immediate . 
 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . 
 she replied , the message sent over and over again . 
 what was he like ? 
 tell me everything , every moment , every detail . 
 he seemed kind of stuck up , as always . 
 like it was an annoyance to be doing this . 
 i looked up as i crossed the street . 
 when my feet hit the sidewalk again , i continued texting . 
 it 's a tradition his grandfather started , so i guess he felt he had to . 
 regardless , it was a good experience . 
 you should have snuck in and watched the rest of the auditions ! 
 pretended you had to work late . 
 she typed quickly . 
 omg , if you get in , i might just have to kill you out of jealousy . 
 dad would kill me . 
 i 'm almost home , so i 'll catch you later . 
 i sent a smiley face and then slipped the phone into my pocket . 
 i did n't want to think about getting in . 
 i knew i could n't get my hopes up . 
 so instead , i tried to think of other things , keeping my face blank as i walked in the door . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i called . 
 to my surprise , he appeared immediately from the kitchen , an apron tied around his waist . 
 `` hey . 
 are you feeling better ? '' 
 `` much , '' he said , and i sniffed the air , smelling succulent tomatoes frying in basil . 
 `` how did you like the kitchens for the day ? 
 anything interesting happen ? '' 
 he looked right at me , and my breath caught in my throat . 
 `` sure , i got to make fake blood . 
 much more fun than cutting vegetables all day . '' 
 `` you see , amy , '' he said , as he went to set the table . 
 `` it 's not a fun job , and you 're much too intelligent for it . 
 no glamour at all . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , watching him carefully . 
 `` so does this mean that you 're going back to work tomorrow ? '' 
 `` yes , probably , '' he replied , turning his back to get the glasses . 
 i sighed inwardly . 
 i was glad that he was feeling better , and indeed , he looked much better than when i left him this morning . 
 but the school was my favorite place in the world , even if it meant being in the kitchen all day long . 
 sarah and i had once devised a plan that required me to fail out of school and have to take a job in the kitchens . 
 however , that lasted about half a day . 
 the hell my father rained down on me when i told him i flunked a test taught me to devise another plan , and quickly . 
 `` well , that 's good , '' i managed , sitting down as he brought out the food . 
 `` do you have much homework ? '' 
 he asked , spooning out spaghetti . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i probably have a few things i can do , but i 've been ahead for a while , so nothing urgent , '' i said , digging into the food . 
 it was good , but everything seemed so bland and boring since i got out of the audition . 
 `` well , you should continue to get ahead , you never know what is going to happen . '' 
 dad gave me a pointed look , and i nodded , wincing . 
 he was referring to the fact that i might get sick again at any moment . 
 last semester , i was unable to even sit up enough to work on the computer for a good week . 
 still , i got it done before the deadline , i always did . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i replied , shovelling food into my mouth as quickly as i could . 
 suddenly , i did n't want to be at the table any more , or even in the house . 
 as soon as dinner was over and i had done the dishes , i hurried upstairs , under the pretense of doing homework . 
 instead , i pulled up my favorite statistics site : . 
 what are the chances of getting a job out of 400 more qualified candidates ? 
 i typed in , selecting the appropriate drop down menus . 
 and then i waited a moment while it processed . 
 0.001 % was the number that flashed on the screen . 
 i sat back and sighed . 
 somehow , i thought that my chances were even lower . 
 what i needed to do now was forget about it . 
 logging into my school site , i clicked open an assignment and started to mindlessly type . 
 downstairs , i could hear my father rattling around in the kitchen , and i could still smell the sweet aroma of basil from dinner . 
 despite myself , a tiny smile formed on my lips . 
 if this was all there was for me , would it be so bad ? 
 i did n't think so . 
 except for that nagging feeling of the greatest moment of my life - which i left on the stage today . 
 forget it , i told myself , and turned on some broadway show tunes as i worked . 
 eventually , singing along to cats , i did . 
 chapter 4 : liam it always amazes me , the lack of talent that comes out for auditions ; any auditions , not just this one . 
 when i was in hollywood , anyone who had a smidgen of actual talent was light-years ahead of the pretty faces that just showed up with a dream . 
 and when we hold open audition here , dear god , it 's a nightmare . 
 even girls who are supposed to have tons of experience can barely convey emotion . 
 it truly makes me wonder how they got to where they are now . 
 beside me , turning on the lights as we got back to my apartment , porsche immediately laid out the choices we had narrowed down . 
 fifteen girls who had made me raise an eyebrow when they read . 
 `` did you sense anything in there ? '' 
 i asked , pouring myself a drink and watching the sun begin to set . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` it does n't work like that . 
 i can only tell you if a spell is being cast or something , not if there 's just a magical being hanging about . '' 
 she accepted the drink i handed her , and sat down on the couch , her long limbs taking up little space . 
 still , her position was awkward , and i could n't help but laugh . 
 porsche was always folding herself into strange positions , the mark of a true dancer . 
 she was n't just a dancer , of course . 
 although her personality was entertaining , and she knew how to tear up a room , it was more than her talent that had first strung us together . 
 three years ago , when i was newly turned , and trying to forget , i stumbled upon a high school party , craving blood and death . 
 just as i felt the cravings were too much , and the entire school was likely to be wiped out , there was porsche , grabbing my arm , wanting nothing more than to ask the hollywood star to dance . 
 and suddenly , the cravings were gone . 
 porsche was a shield , a form of supernatural being that was almost legend . 
 there were only three bloodlines left in the world that produced shields - the camerons , the mcintoshes , and the most powerful one , her bloodline , the de ritters . 
 by her touch , she rendered supernatural beings powerless . 
 witches could n't light candles , vampires could n't intimidate , werewolves could n't transform and ghosts could n't appear . 
 when she touched me , it was like i never craved anything but pizza and booze . 
 not that she had a particular inclination to stop my cravings . 
 she did n't care one way or the other , and encouraged me to be what you are , and cut out the crap , her other favorite saying . 
 in return for her services , she made me promise one thing , and one thing only . 
 that , when her natural death came , i would transform her into a vampire , and she would get to be immortal . 
 she wanted to live ; to walk in the sun and dance in the rain . 
 and while i saw the value in that argument , it was incredibly stupid , and she knew it . 
 at fourteen , at the wrong kind of party , porsche had used a dirty needle and contracted hiv . 
 and while she may be managing it fine now , with a good prognosis , all it took was one wrong turn when she was on tour with the ballet , and she 'd be gone , without me to fix it . 
 i had threatened her a hundred times , but with a flicker of those green eyes , she always laughed and walked away . 
 and somehow , i could n't go against her wishes , not when she had helped me so much . 
 her blood smelled terrible when i could smell it , and although i fought cravings often , i never wanted her blood . 
 it was infected , broken , and unappetizing . 
 our friendship was n't romantic , although i 'm sure there had been a drunken night once or twice . 
 instead , it was full of platonic love and support that i had never found elsewhere . 
 `` so , what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked , spreading out the headshots . 
 i glanced at them , downing my drink . 
 soon , the sun would disappear , and i would be , as she put it , what i was . 
 i wanted to make this choice while i was still human . 
 `` throw darts and pick one ? '' 
 i replied , sitting beside her . 
 she thought for a moment , and then pulled one out , handing it to me . 
 `` this one was in hollywood awhile with you , candice , '' she flipped to the back , looking at the resume . 
 `` if you wanted good publicity for the school , this one is a good way to go . 
 shows that the school only takes the best of the best , and even hollywood is not the best . '' 
 `` yeah , no , '' i immediately discarded her . 
 `` she 's got money . 
 if she wants to , she can pay her own way . 
 she 's just on a power trip , and i wo n't tolerate it . '' 
 setting her headshot aside , i picked up the next one . 
 `` she was good , '' porsche said , looking at the headshot of terry monroe . 
 `` but ... '' `` she has a lisp , '' i said , flipping it over to see a lack of resume . 
 `` it would take about 4 years of speech training before she could even start acting properly , and that was n't the point . '' 
 i smiled as i reached for another one , a six year old girl who would start in our youngest class , and therefore would be mine to shape and mold from the beginning . 
 `` no , '' porsche shook her head , folding her long legs up under her . 
 `` she 's adorable , and anyone will take adorable , her chances are endless . '' 
 `` right , but she 's six , '' i pointed out . 
 `` i can mold her into whatever i want . 
 she could be a success story from the very beginning , she 'd credit everything she ever learned to us . 
 it 'll be good for the school . '' 
 `` and when you stand beside an 18 year old at a press conference , looking barely older than you are now , how 's that going to work ? '' 
 porsche asked , and i shrugged . 
 `` i age . '' 
 `` you 're aging because you 're treating your human body like crap , '' she replied . 
 `` that 's not aging , that 's just looking hung-over every morning . '' 
 i grinned at her , even as i got up to fill another drink . 
 and then , i felt my jaw twitch , a sign that my fangs were starting to grow in for the night . 
 glancing out the window , i saw that it was almost dark . 
 `` porsche . '' 
 `` so come sit here and stop being dumb , '' she replied , holding out her hand . 
 reluctantly , i went . 
 the second i touched her , the cravings began to recede . 
 picking up another picture , i was suddenly transported back to the audition , when this bright eyed young girl had read with me . 
 i remembered her at once , the way she watched me without awe or fear , the way the words had tumbled out of her mouth naturally . 
 `` that 's amy , '' porsche said , her eyes softening . 
 `` she 's eighteen , which means she 'll only have a year , maybe two if she agrees to go back a grade . 
 she does n't have any experience . '' 
 everything she said was negative , yet i heard the softness in her voice . 
 i turned , to meet her eyes . 
 `` so ... what then ? '' 
 porsche let go of my hand to flip over the headshot , where notes were scribbled . 
 the second she did , the cravings came back , now that it was fully dark . 
 i could feel my fangs surge forward in my mouth . 
 the sun was set , and my transformation , subtle yet obvious , was complete . 
 `` amy is also hiv positive , '' she said , softly . 
 i felt something move in me ; a twinge of sympathy for this bright young girl . 
 and she was good , she had blown me and everyone else in the room away . 
 but it was knowing , looking at her as i gritted my teeth against the blood lust , that she would never tempt me , never be in danger at my hands , and never have to run from the room if a late night rehearsal was needed . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked , standing up to pace the room . 
 `` genetics . 
 her mother was infected , apparently . '' 
 porsche looked over the form carefully . 
 `` she 's homeschooled ... or rather , online schooled . 
 lives with her father , who is not infected . 
 he 's employed as a chef at the school , and all of her work experience is also in the kitchens . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' i remembered now , seeing her face in the hallway more than once . 
 her father also came to mind , a tall , wirily man , with grey in his hair and an aura of sorrow about him . 
 if he thought losing his wife was bad , he should try becoming undead and knowing everyone you love will be dead soon enough . 
 i downed another shot , looking out the window as the town 's nightlife began to emerge . 
 it hit me like a hammer , a warm feeling rushing over me . 
 already , i could feel the effects , the cravings ceasing a bit as the alcohol warmed my blood . 
 that was one problem with being a vampire , i was forever cold , even during the day as a human . 
 whoever invented the story that vampires were blood thirsty creatures all the time was clearly in the mindset of torture and angst . 
 only turning as the sun set was quite enough for me , i did n't think i could stand for it during the day . 
 `` i want her , '' i said , turning to porsche , who was already packing up the other files . 
 i smiled ruefully . 
 the girl knew me too well . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll put her information into the computer and have her called in the morning . '' 
 `` i want to call her , '' i said , surprising her . 
 `` myself . '' 
 `` if you can remember , '' she smirked at me , as she finished putting everything away , and then stood up . 
 clad in leggings , with her red hair piled on top of her head , she looked every bit the successful dancer . 
 `` you going somewhere ? '' 
 i asked , feeling giddy with drink . 
 `` i thought i 'd take you out to paint the town red . '' 
 `` oh i see , '' she replied , smirking , probably at the state i was descending into . 
 `` literally ? '' 
 god , she was beautiful . 
 despite it all , there was something in me that knew that if she was n't stunning , i probably would n't keep her around . 
 that 's what you get when you spend years in hollywood , frolicking with only the beautiful people . 
 mind you , that 's also what got me into this mess to begin with . 
 but tonight ... tonight i did n't care . 
 we had worked hard for months to pull these auditions together , and now it was over , the choice was made , and we could relax . 
 `` literally , '' i replied , reaching for one more drink . 
 `` i want to take my time tonight , find the best of the best . 
 is n't that what we deserve , after all ? 
 so hold my hand , hold me back ... '' i started singing and she laughed , heading for the bathroom . 
 `` ok , hold on , let me try to make myself presentable , '' she replied . 
 `` i have an idea , there 's a carnival about two towns over , small little place , but will be populated with tourists . 
 everyone will be dressed up , and no one will notice a little chaos ... '' `` this is why i love you , '' i said , deciding to make the shot a double . 
 after all , if it was going to be a long drive , i needed to be fortified . 
 chapter 5 : amy i knew the bills were overdue , but i had no way to know how badly they were until i woke up the next morning and found that my cell phone was not charged , nor did the lights in my room turn on . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i called , hearing his voice in the kitchen as i headed down the stairs . 
 he was on our house phone , furiously arguing and scribbling something onto the back of an envelope . 
 i headed to the stove and switched it on , hoping to make breakfast , but my hopes were quickly killed when the red light remained unlit . 
 finally , my father hung up , continuing to write things on the back of the envelope . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked finally , and he sighed . 
 `` we 're just ... a little behind on things , amy , that 's all . 
 i had the bills set up to be withdrawn automatically , so i would n't forget them ... but it appears ... '' `` we do n't have enough money , '' i filled in . 
 `` it 's not surprising . 
 you 're missing a week or more of pay . '' 
 `` thank you for reminding me , '' he glared at me , as i sat at the table , mentally calculating how much we would be missing . 
 `` dad , let me come today . '' 
 `` no , '' he said , sharply . 
 `` you missed yesterday , and that was enough . 
 you should stay home , amy and ... '' `` work with an abacus and a pencil and paper ? '' 
 i asked , unimpressed . 
 `` my computer wo n't turn on , there 's no heat in the house , it 's tuesday , so the library is closed , and i ca n't even use my cell phone . '' 
 i knew i had a point , so i continued to talk . 
 `` so unless i can call into an online school and get all the information faxed over ... without a fax machine ... its better that i come with you . 
 i can do homework on the school 's wireless , and work for half a day , make up the missing wages faster . '' 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he gave me a long hard look , and i did my best to match it . 
 i felt a bit tired from yesterday , but that was normal . 
 `` fine , '' i replied . 
 `` it 'll only be for half a day . 
 adam said that i could have a few shifts a week any time . 
 anything is better than staying here , and the faster we get everything turned back on , the faster i can stay home and rest . '' 
 dad sighed , relenting . 
 `` fine . 
 but if you start to feel overtired at all , you 'll come back home right away , agreed ? '' 
 `` yep , '' i shot upstairs , to grab my cell phone , charger and laptop , packing a bag with everything i thought i would need . 
 of course , i had no intention of doing homework , but i had to create the illusion of doing so . 
 the senior theater class had rehearsal today , and i wanted to catch that . 
 i could charge my phone at the school , keeping sarah in the loop . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` yes , '' dad was increasingly impatient and i knew that he was n't happy about the idea of me going to work with him . 
 however , he could n't argue with my logic , and so off we went , arriving at the school only a few minutes before his shift was due to start . 
 `` back again ? '' 
 adam said , teasing as he saw me . 
 i nodded , but dad was n't in the mood for jokes . 
 `` clock her in for half a day please , adam , nothing more . '' 
 `` aye aye , captain , '' he said , making a face at me behind his back . 
 i giggled , as i headed towards the changing room . 
 `` we 've got more props to cook , amy , come on over here . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 if there was one thing i was happy to do without protest , it was that . 
 adam led me to a corner , where there was a list of food props that the various shows needed . 
 everything from fake blood to turnip cake . 
 as i was making them , i spent my time wondering what they were for , imagining the scenes and characters they could be useful to . 
 the turnip cake , i imagined , was for a young girl , falling in love , and wanting to bake for her boyfriend . 
 however , she did n't have very much money , and so all she could make him was a turnip cake . 
 the fake blood was for the knife slipping and cutting her hand off on stage , leading her to die a dramatic death , all for love . 
 i almost cut my own fingers off , imagining this scene , and it made me realize i was n't paying attention to my work at all . 
 `` a permanent cake ? '' 
 i looked at the next item on the list . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` that 's a prop that is real , but has to last . 
 maybe a sugar glaze or something , '' dad said , looking over my shoulder from where he was preparing lunch for the students . 
 `` those are for beauty and the beast next term , it 's a feast scene , so we have to get started now in order to have it ready in time . '' 
 `` beauty and the beast ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the audition suddenly came rushing back to my mind . 
 `` is that what they are doing ? '' 
 `` it 's a media stunt . 
 liam will play the lead , opposite a senior girl . 
 looks like he 's dying to get back into acting , '' dad rolled his eyes . 
 `` right , '' i replied , looking at the list . 
 there were several pages of what i thought were instructions , but were actually a list of props . 
 `` wow , there 's a lot of food to cook . 
 this will take me until next term for sure . '' 
 `` no , it will take us until next term , '' he said . 
 `` you 'll be doing homework and preparing for college . '' 
 `` right , '' i mumbled , heading for the ingredients cupboard . 
 liam was playing beast ? 
 that 'd be interesting indeed . 
 especially the scene where the beast becomes a prince . 
 despite his attitude , i could n't deny liam was handsome , nor could i deny his talent . 
 there was so much to learn from him , so much talent in just his little finger . 
 whoever got to play his beauty would be a lucky girl indeed . 
 my luck , as small as it was , held out , when , the next day , dad allowed me to go to work with him again , and again the day after . 
 i was showing him i could do my school work , work , and even sneak off to a theater class or two , without issue . 
 every day , i checked my email , but found no audition results notice , so slowly , hope shrunk from my thoughts . 
 i assumed if they could n't reach me through my cell phone , which had been suspended by the phone company , they would email , but there was nothing . 
 and i knew that the first rule of acting was never to seem too eager , so i did n't inquire . 
 it was probably safe to assume that i was n't getting the part . 
 i was , somehow , alright with this conclusion . 
 the experience that i had gotten , the warm feeling of fulfillment when i stood in front of all those people , was enough to keep me afloat for years to come . 
 it was a dream come true , to read those lines in front of a live audience-and with liam , even though i did n't admit it to anyone but myself . 
 chapter 6 : liam `` still no answer . '' 
 i almost growled at the secretary as i came out to check on the status of our scholarship recipient . 
 it was friday , and we still had n't gotten in contact with her . 
 typical porsche had left me unable to read her handwriting , and so amy 's email address was illegible . 
 the phone number was all we had , and it rang constantly , without a voicemail . 
 `` i 'm going to go down to the kitchens and get something to eat . '' 
 i said , as calmly as i could manage . 
 `` and then when i come back , we 'll contact the runner up . '' 
 the secretary nodded , and i stalked off , pulling out my cell phone as i walked . 
 any idea who i should pick as a second choice ? 
 i texted porsche , checking my watch . 
 she had flown back to russia for a charity ball . 
 the ballet was supposed to be on break now , but occasionally , there was a gig or two she had to attend . 
 the time difference said it was early evening , so she should be able to answer me . 
 why ??? she texted back , instantly . 
 i thanked my stars that she was often glued to her phone . 
 looking down as i typed , i pushed open the doors to the kitchen . 
 this was a modern mishap , something i guess i had to learn to deal with if i was going to live forever . 
 i collided head on with somebody , who let out a startled yelp that was followed by a clatter of kitchenware . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i said , barely looking up . 
 `` no problem , '' amy replied , and i stood , shell-shocked , staring at her . 
 `` you 're here . '' 
 `` uh ... huh . '' 
 quickly , she glanced behind her , to her father , who was approaching . 
 `` headmaster . 
 is there something we can get you ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i said , probably with a bit too much excitement . 
 both of them had mirror image expressions such that you could see the family resemblance . 
 `` your daughter . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he asked , shocked . 
 `` amy tried out at our open auditions for the full scholarship . 
 we selected her and have been trying to get in contact , but ... '' suddenly , without warning , the young girl pitched forward . 
 my reflexes were faster than a human 's , and i spent many a night at parties catching those who could n't hold their liquor . 
 deadweight was always heavier than it looked , and i decided that the easiest course of action was to ease onto the floor with her , her limp body already rejoining the world of the conscious . 
 there was commotion in the kitchen , as everyone rushed towards her , calling her name , trying to decide if they should call for an ambulance . 
 her father went tearing into the changing room , i assumed to find her bag of tricks . 
 even now , in my human form , i could tell this girl had something off about her . 
 her eye lids fluttered and she came to staring straight up at me . 
 she really was beautiful , when she was n't nervous , her face symmetrical and angular , her eyes piercing and huge , reminding me of a baby deer . 
 her lips were full and soft , and i could n't help but wonder what it would be like to kiss her . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 i asked , softly , under the commotion , and she nodded , trying to make sense of her surroundings . 
 `` amy ! '' 
 her father came sliding back onto the scene , almost ripping her away from my arms . 
 he shoved a white pill into her hand , and while she looked annoyed , she swallowed it , dry . 
 `` dad , i 'm alright . 
 i 'm alright . 
 i was just ... surprised . 
 ladies used to swoon all the time in the middle ages , '' she tried to smile , leaning half against her father and half against a table leg . 
 `` am i really the one you chose ? '' 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 her father demanded , looking at me as if i was the one who caused her to faint . 
 which , to be fair , i guess was true . 
 `` our open call for a full scholarship , room and board . 
 lots of girls tried out , but amy was the one who showed the most promise . '' 
 `` is this a joke ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` amy may be talented , but she has never had a formal education in theater . '' 
 `` all the more reason for her to go to a formal school for theater education , '' i replied , raising an eyebrow . 
 behind me , a few of the chefs chuckled in spite of themselves . 
 `` all of her costs will be taken care of for the time she is educated with us . 
 we 're prepared to start her as a junior if she goes back a grade or a senior if she wants to remain here just for the remainder of her education . 
 you are homeschooled , amy ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she nodded , still in shock . 
 `` then we 'll have to give you a few tests to see where you are . '' 
 `` amy is educated properly , i promise you , '' her father said , and i shrugged . 
 `` i did n't say she was n't . '' 
 i began to realize how silly it was that we were having this entire conversation on the floor . 
 shifting slowly , i pushed myself up , reaching a hand to amy , who took it . 
 i pulled her up as well , while her father used the table for support . 
 `` now , i came in here for some lunch . '' 
 i said , trying to brush off the dramatics of the situation . 
 `` and then , after that , if you wish , you two can meet me in my office and we can discuss the particulars , if you accept . '' 
 `` i accept ! '' 
 amy blurted out , and her father gave her a sharp look . 
 i sighed , plucking a readymade sandwich from a tray , and headed towards the door . 
 before i pushed it open , i looked back , attempting to make my comment seem off hand . 
 `` of course , the scholarship would include full medical insurance , as all our students buy into it . '' 
 i did n't stay to hear their reaction , but continued walking down the hall . 
 i knew that it would be the deciding factor in the end . 
 in acting , they called it changing tactics , shifting from one point to the next , until you get what you want . 
 and i knew i had just won . 
 pulling out my phone , i sent a quick text to porsche , who was probably going out of her mind with curiosity . 
 never mind ... immediately , it beeped : -lrb- # $ -lrb- # $ -lrb- # -lrb- !!! 
 came the reply , and i laughed , as i shut the door to my office . 
 it was good to know i could still drive her nuts across the ocean . 
 chapter 7 : amy i had never seen my father so angry as that afternoon . 
 when lunch time came , he clocked me out with such a glare that i dared not argue . 
 and then , he clocked himself out for break , took my arm , and marched me down the hall . 
 when we found an empty classroom , he practically shoved me in and closed the door firmly behind him . 
 `` explain yourself , amy . 
 you have 10 seconds . '' 
 `` it 's exactly what liam said . 
 i know we 've talked about this before , and it 's always been about money . 
 but when i saw the line up , and heard about the scholarship ... i just thought i 'd try , what harm was there in that ? 
 i do n't know why he chose me , over a thousand other girls with longer resumes , but he did ... and dad , it 's a full scholarship . 
 everything 's covered , including the medical bills . 
 and you 're here every single day , so if something goes wrong , you 'll be here . 
 heck , we 'll spend more time together now because we wo n't be apart for 10 hours while you are at work . 
 i 'll be here , right down the hall . 
 it 's only for a year , dad , and colleges prefer if you have a degree from a school that actually exists in the physical realm and ... '' i was babbling and probably very close to crying as well . 
 dad still had n't said a word to me , and when i stopped for breath , silence engulfed the room . 
 `` please say something . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` is this what you really want , amy ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i cried , frantic . 
 `` yes , this is what i really want , more than anything . 
 and i promise , if i start to feel sick or anything goes wrong , i 'll tell you right away ! 
 you can come check on me every break , and we can have dinner in my dorm room , and i 'll come home every weekend , i swear ... '' `` amy , '' he waved his hand , looking tired . 
 `` if you really want this , then i 'll support you . 
 you 're right , all your reasons have been right . '' 
 he looked at me with a sad smile . 
 `` how did i ever raise such a bright girl ? '' 
 i could n't believe my ears . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` really , '' he said , and i flew into his arms , hugging him . 
 `` thank you , dad ! 
 thank you ! '' 
 he laughed , squeezing me tight before pulling me to face him . 
 `` alright , i only have forty five minutes left , so we should go speak to the headmaster , yes ? '' 
 i nodded , letting him lead the way to the headmaster 's office . 
 when we got there , the secretary let us right in , clearly knowing why we were there . 
 liam was at his desk , feet propped up , and munching on the sandwich he had taken . 
 when he saw us , he threw his arms up . 
 `` hallelujah , the missing child returns . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i blushed . 
 `` my cell phone was ... broken . '' 
 `` and your email was written down wrong , '' he said , and then shrugged , pulling his feet off the desk . 
 `` have a seat , you two . 
 i have the paper work right here . 
 any questions ? '' 
 he put a large stack of papers in front of dad , who looked daunted by them . '' 
 ... everything is covered ? '' 
 he asked , and liam nodded , ticking things off on his fingers . 
 `` tuition , room and board , medical insurance , and spending money . '' 
 `` spending money ? '' 
 i looked up , surprised . 
 liam shrugged . 
 `` part of the tuition fees we ask for is so the students can have an allowance every week for items they may need . 
 you 'll receive one hundred every week . '' 
 i nearly fell off my chair . 
 it got better and better . 
 `` now ... amy does have a medical condition ... '' dad started . 
 `` and i trust if anything happens , i 'll be called immediately ... and allowances will be made for her health ? '' 
 `` dad ! '' 
 i said , embarrassed . 
 liam 's eyes met mine , with tenderness that surprised me . 
 this was the first time i had seen him emote something that was n't arrogance or anger . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i will personally see to it . 
 i have a close friend with the same condition , so i do have experience in the matter . '' 
 `` oh , '' dad seemed to be out of questions , and so he opened the folder , scrawling his initials where requested . 
 my head was spinning , watching him . 
 i could n't believe that this was actually happening . 
 right here , right now . 
 `` amy , why do n't we take a tour of the school ? '' 
 liam leapt to his feet suddenly . 
 `` we 'll leave your father to read all this , and by the time we come back , we can answer any questions he may have . '' 
 `` sure , '' i said , trying not to let on that i already knew the school like the back of my hand . 
 i stood up as well , leaving my bag on the floor , and followed him out the door . 
 `` we 'll start with the senior wing , as that 's where you 'll be , '' he said , looking quickly down the deserted hallways , and then turning to the left . 
 `` when will i start ? '' 
 i asked , and he shrugged . 
 `` that 's up to you . 
 you can wait until next term if you wish , but ideally you can start ... '' `` tomorrow ? '' 
 i asked , and he laughed , giving me a warm smile . 
 `` sure . 
 if you want . '' 
 i was surprised how well we got on , one on one . 
 when i met him before , he did n't strike me as the type to joke around . 
 but now that we were alone , it was like his guard was dropping . 
 we walked past several classrooms , poking our heads in as liam described the subjects taught there . 
 eventually , we got to the theater , which was full of people . 
 `` this is where you 'll be next term , for beauty and the beast , '' he said , and suddenly , the conversation in the kitchen came rushing back . 
 `` you 'll be beast , wo n't you ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded . 
 `` acting is an addiction , amy , and i thought it 'd be good for the school to have some publicity as well . 
 all press is good press . '' 
 he gave me a rueful smile . 
 `` besides , i miss being on stage . 
 it 's where i got my start . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded , and took a deep breath , straightening up . 
 `` let 's keep going . '' 
 liam grinned , and waved his hand , indicating our direction . 
 soon , we crossed the barrier between the senior and junior doors , and i found myself in a sea of giggling young children , about to be let out for recess . 
 i had never been in this part of the school , because sneaking in would have looked way too suspicious at my age . 
 even when i was younger , it was easier to pretend to be someone 's kid sister watching a rehearsal than be part of a small class where the teacher knew everyone 's name . 
 liam smiled as the kids giggled . 
 `` this is the best age to start young actors , really . 
 every single one of these children acts without thinking . 
 they do n't put method or thought into it ; they do it because it feels right in their gut and they say their lines as if it 's the first time . 
 if only all of us could remember that , '' he said , and i found myself swept away by the tenderness in his face as he watched them . 
 `` but that 's how you act , '' i pointed out . 
 `` in the movies . 
 i always believed that you were whatever character you were playing . 
 it never felt fake . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he gave me a smile as we walked through the hallways . 
 `` but i can see how so many classes and rehearsals could interfere with the way somebody acts . '' 
 i kept going , speaking before i even really thought properly . 
 `` i mean , you could spend so much time thinking about the method and the training that you forget to just ... be the character and exist . '' 
 i was babbling and i knew it , but he smiled at me . 
 `` that 's why i chose you , amy . 
 so many of these students here are trained to the point of robots . 
 most of them wo n't have a future . 
 but you read those lines as if you were beauty , and nothing else around you mattered . 
 if you can hold on to that naturalism , you will have a future in the industry . '' 
 `` why did you leave ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly . 
 `` i mean ... you had a future ? '' 
 his face clouded over and he shook his head , his jaw clenching . 
 i saw that familiar look that he wore as he often strode through the halls . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' he said , and pushed open another door . 
 it led to the front of the school , where there was a separate theater , newly built in the former parking lot . 
 just as we were crossing the pavement , i heard someone call his name . 
 `` liam ! '' 
 he swore , and i realized it was a cameraman , approaching fast . 
 apparently , having left hollywood or not , the paparazzi were always around . 
 it made sense . 
 he had been one of the biggest movie stars on the planet . 
 and on top of that , many of the students had careers and tv credits that brought them some sort of fame outside the school . 
 if the paparazzi wanted a photo of something , they had a good chance of getting it just by hanging around the front doors . 
 `` not now , please , '' he said , barely turning around and taking me by the arm . 
 he was increasing his pace towards the theater and i was struggling to keep up . 
 `` i 'm trying to teach . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the photographer called to me . 
 i turned , gaping , and looked at liam , who sighed and then shrugged . 
 `` you know what ? 
 fine . 
 this is amy , our full scholarship winner for this year . 
 amy was the best , out of thousands of hopefuls , and she and i will be playing opposite in beauty and the beast next term . 
 that 's right , she and i. '' he glared at the cameraman . 
 `` so take that , and write it in your paper , and publish a pretty photo , and if you give us so much as one out of focus picture or subpar review , i will make sure you are banned from school property and never get another picture again . '' 
 and with that , liam pulled me towards the new theater . 
 `` bloody leeches , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` always dying for a piece of drama . '' 
 i felt like i was going to faint again , liam 's words spinning in my head . 
 `` i 'll be beauty ? '' 
 i said , and he met my eyes . 
 `` well , you 'll be my beauty , of course . 
 it was always going to be the scholarship winner , providing she was old enough . '' 
 i leaned against the wall , and concern clouded his face . 
 `` are you alright ? 
 do you need anything ? '' 
 he bent to my level , a gentle hand on my shoulder . 
 `` something to eat maybe ? '' 
 i flushed bright red at the attention , and shook my head . 
 `` no , you just surprised me . 
 i 've never acted before , you know that , right ? 
 and you 're ... '' `` amy , i promise i 'll work with you every step of the way , '' he said . 
 `` every actor is only as good as his partner . '' 
 `` but wo n't the other students be angry ? 
 the ones who have been here longer ? '' 
 he laughed at that , shaking his head . 
 `` no . 
 one of the lessons we teach here is that there are so many variables when getting a part , including things you ca n't control . 
 do n't worry about them . '' 
 `` that 's easy to say until they eat me , '' i said , and he laughed at that , a slow and easy laugh that made me join him . 
 `` the only one you have to worry about eating you is me , if you become delinquent . '' 
 he said , leading me towards the stage . 
 `` what ... uh ... paper did he work for ? '' 
 i asked , indicating the paparazzi that we left outside . 
 liam smiled . 
 `` your first piece of fame . 
 of many , i think . 
 do n't worry , i 'll find out and get you a few copies . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i replied , looking around the stage . 
 i could n't believe all of this was happening , that it was actually real . 
 `` i did n't want all of that , though . 
 i mean , it 's cool , but it does n't matter . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , intrigued . 
 `` it 's just ... it 's stupid , you 're going to laugh , '' i blushed , but he took a step forward , cocking his head with interest . 
 `` no , please , tell me . '' 
 `` when i was a kid , i used to memorize monologues and do them in my room . 
 nowadays , i put them on youtube . 
 i used to sit in on classes here , sneak around . '' 
 `` i surely would have noticed you , '' he replied , giving me a flattering smile . 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'm good . 
 i 'm sneakier than the phantom of the opera . '' 
 `` indeed you are , for if i had seen you before , there 's no way i could have ignored you . '' 
 he was close to my face , standing only a few feet apart . 
 if it were any other stranger who did that , i would have felt awkward and uncomfortable about it . 
 but with liam , i strangely felt relaxed . 
 `` i would watch the classes , or the rehearsals , whatever was going on . 
 and before you found me in the kitchen ... i was content with the fact that the audition would be the happiest moment of my life , being up there and acting like that . 
 i ca n't imagine film is that good , is it ? '' 
 `` as good as theater ? '' 
 he was still smiling , and his eyes were twinkling . 
 `` no , but the money 's better . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the money . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i grew up poor , and i have n't dropped dead yet , so money does n't matter . 
 but being up there , in a room buzzing with energy , and everyone 's eyes on you , watching you perform . 
 feeding off their energy . 
 just-wow ... '' liam laughed and i blushed harder . 
 `` see , i 'm a nerd . 
 you laughed . '' 
 `` no , no , amy . '' 
 he shook his head , his eyes intense . 
 `` i was n't laughing at you . 
 i was just amused by the fact that you seemed to read my mind . 
 film was good , the fame and money were nice ... but i never felt more alive than when i was on a stage . 
 i wished i could have stayed in that profession forever , just only on stage , without any of the crap that came with hollywood . '' 
 `` oh ... '' i paused . 
 `` but ... now ... '' `` but just living changes us a lot , '' he managed , and i nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 but now you 're beast , so you 'll be on stage again . 
 so you 're happy , right ? '' 
 he nodded , taking my arm and leading me to the next place on our tour . 
 `` yes , amy , i believe i can be happy again . '' 
 i could n't wait to go home and text sarah , now that i 'd have the money to turn my cell phone back on . 
 if i could n't believe it and i was standing right there , i could only imagine how she was going to feel . 
 i smiled , despite myself . 
 never in a million years had i dreamt this would happen ; if someone told me what my life would be like three years ago , i would have laughed in their face . 
 my life was the same old routine day in and day out . 
 but now , life was finally taking shape and all because i wandered down the wrong hallway . 
 chapter 8 : amy i was so excited for the first day of school , i could hardly sleep . 
 my father had quickly nixed the idea of moving in the next day , but between liam and i , i won the battle to move in over the following weekend . 
 and now , here i was , the last of my stuff packed in boxes to move to the dorms . 
 classes would start tomorrow for me , but a dorm had been reserved so that every day on his way to work , dad could carry a box or two and drop it off for me . 
 my online course credits had all been sent to the school , and transferred in . 
 i would be a senior in every course with the option to return for partial credits next year in the theater department if i needed to . 
 the school admitted students all year round and offered courses all year round as well , so i would n't be as out of place as i thought i would be . 
 their schedule was dependent on the shows they were producing and touring -lrb- in freshman year , they toured the islands for three months which had made me jealous to no end -rrb- , and so admitting students according to the needs of the theater had become standard . 
 `` do you want to take those today ? '' 
 dad asked , appearing in the door way of my room . 
 `` or shall i bring them tomorrow for you ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i turned to him , standing in the middle of my now empty room . 
 `` i thought i could move today . 
 that way , i could get a good night 's sleep and go right to class tomorrow ... '' `` oh . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` if that 's what you want ... '' `` dad , '' i said , trying to smile . 
 `` we 'll see each other more now than we did before . 
 it 's going to be fine , i promise . 
 if anything , i 'll be safer because you spend all day just down the hall from me . '' 
 `` i know , '' he nodded , but his eyes were still sad . 
 `` i 'll just miss you . '' 
 `` you wo n't have a chance to miss me . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` i 'll bother you every moment of the day . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 he gave me a firm hug , not letting go for more than a minute . 
 finally , he stepped back . 
 `` you want to go by yourself and unpack , do n't you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll be back for dinner . 
 i promise . 
 i just want to get a feel of the place . '' 
 `` alright , '' he said , and reached into his pocket , handing me the keys . 
 `` it 's room 66 , on the 6th floor . '' 
 `` great , '' i put them in my purse and picked up the last box and a bag , kissing him on the cheek . 
 `` see you at dinner . '' 
 i had only ever snuck into the dorms once before , and it was years ago . 
 there was a double door at the front that required two keys , and then a key to each floor as well as your own dorm room key . 
 so nothing prepared me for the beauty i was met with when i entered the lobby . 
 on all sides of the security desk were murals ; stunning and colorful and ceiling high . 
 in seemingly random , yet perfect spots were headshots and photographs of students and productions long past , staring back at me with contented eyes and happy smiles . 
 i instantly felt at home and comfortable . 
 so at home , in fact , that i walked right by the desk without checking in . 
 `` excuse me ! '' 
 a girl called out to me as i walked by , and i turned , sharply . 
 `` do you live here ? '' 
 `` uh ... i 'm new , but yes ? 
 i think so ? '' 
 i replied . 
 she smiled , reaching out her hand . 
 `` i 'm sheena . '' 
 `` amy , '' i said , carefully juggling my load to shake it . 
 `` i 'm uh ... i do n't know where i 'm going . '' 
 `` are you a senior ? '' 
 she asked brightly , and i nodded . 
 `` and what course stream are you ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' i paused . 
 `` i 'm the scholarship winner ? '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 her eyes lit up . 
 `` you 're the winner . 
 congrats then ! 
 you 're in the theater wing . 
 do you have your room number ? 
 i can take you . '' 
 `` sure , '' i handed her my key , and she started down the hall . 
 `` what uh ... other wings are there ? '' 
 `` that 's the dance wing , there , '' she said , pointing down one hall way . 
 `` and the musical wing is that one , off to the left . 
 and then the technical wing , for all things not on stage , '' she pointed to a hallway behind her . 
 `` it 's more for organizational purposes , you know ... like all the dancers can easily have a meeting in their common room , and all the actors can have rehearsal in their hall way . 
 it 's not really cliquey or anything , we all hang out all the time and we all take some cross - stream classes . '' 
 she was leading me towards an elevator , which opened with my key . 
 getting inside , she pressed the 6th floor button . 
 `` the higher you go , the older the students are . 
 makes it easier for the dorm mothers to manage . 
 you 're on the second highest floor - the one above you is more of a hotel , reserved for visiting artists and such . '' 
 `` what 's your story ? '' 
 i asked , and she gave me a sad smile . 
 `` i came here when i was six , as a dancer . 
 but when i was fifteen , i injured my it band and killed my career . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` that 's ok , '' she shrugged . 
 `` it happens to a lot of dancers . 
 i spent a few years abroad and then came back here , and took a job managing this place . 
 it makes me feel like i 'm involved again . 
 here we are . '' 
 the elevator opened to a crowd of giggling girls , who greeted sheena and then got in as we exited . 
 `` hey , tammy , there 's a package for you at the front desk , '' sheena called , and the girl called tammy nodded , as the doors closed and we continued down the hallway . 
 `` and , 66 . '' 
 she popped the key in the door , and opened it . 
 i gasped when i saw the inside of my room . 
 there was a bed , a kitchen and a bathroom all crammed into a small space to make room for the living room . 
 it held a barre running against one wall , with floor to ceiling mirrors , and hardwood floors . 
 there was a bureau with lights around the mirror , and an extensive makeup kit , as well as a large closet with every type of hanger you could imagine . 
 the lights in the room were all on dimmer switches that looked more complicated than some theater sound boards . 
 `` even when you sleep , you practise . 
 all the rooms look like this . 
 no one ever has an excuse to not work , '' sheena said , with a smile . 
 my stuff was all in the center of the living room floor waiting to be unpacked . 
 `` need anything else ? '' 
 `` no , thanks , '' i said , still looking around the room in awe . 
 `` alright , well , if you need me , i 'm just a phone call away . 
 it 's # 1 on the phone , '' she pointed to a houseline on the desk , and then gave me a smile , and left . 
 alone in the room , i began to pull my stuff out of boxes , folding it carefully to fit in the drawers and cupboards . 
 this place was bigger than my room at home , and i knew it was going to look sparse when i was done . 
 however , it was my place and the very thought of that sent chills down my spine . 
 `` knock , knock ! '' 
 i turned , startled , to find liam at my door . 
 `` liam ! '' 
 i said , before i could stop myself . 
 `` er ... i mean ... mr swift . '' 
 `` liam is fine . '' 
 he said , leaning against the door way with a smirk . 
 `` they told me you were finally moving in , and i wanted to make sure you had your class schedule for tomorrow . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i said , looking at the desk where i had unfolded it . 
 `` i have shakespeare in the morning , and then theater history right after it . 
 in the afternoon , there 's a whole block to be in the senior theater . '' 
 `` sounds right , '' he said , watching me unpack . 
 `` there should be a script for a practice show in one of your drawers . 
 i want you to go over it before tomorrow , if you have time . 
 we wo n't perform it in full , but we 'll take it to a workshop level in class . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , looking up at him . 
 i could n't believe how fast my heart was beating . 
 here i was , standing a few feet away from one of the biggest movie stars on the planet -lrb- or at least , he used to be -rrb- , and about to start theater school . 
 `` i brought you this , '' he reached into his back pocket and pulled out a newspaper . 
 my eyes widened as i recognized our picture on the front . 
 `` oh wow ! '' 
 i could n't stop myself from ripping it from his hands , and he laughed at my excitement . 
 `` your first tabloid cover , '' he said , watching as i read it . 
 they did n't have much information on me , but it had paragraphs about past scholarship winners , including , to my surprise , a familiar name . 
 `` porsche de ritter had a dance scholarship here ? '' 
 i asked , looking up at him . 
 he grinned at the mention of her name . 
 `` she did . 
 took it right out from under thousands of hopefuls , stayed three months , and then was recruited to the russia national ballet . 
 please stay longer than three months , '' he said , turning his megawatt grin on me . 
 i was surprised by this personality that was emerging from liam . 
 all the other times , i had seen him , he was emotionless ; his jaw set , barking orders at people . 
 but now , alone in my room , he was showing me his sense of humor and a laid back side of him i never would have guessed . 
 i was flattered that he would even bother to come check in on me , when there were hundreds of students in this school . 
 but still , there he was . 
 `` if you 'll have me , '' i managed . 
 there was a silence then as we stood , simply looking at each other . 
 since the first day that i met eyes with liam , i felt like we knew each other from before . 
 his eyes were so full of expression and soul that it was overwhelming . 
 i felt comfortable , simply being there with him . 
 `` i 'll see you in class then , tomorrow , unless you need anything else ? '' 
 he finally said , breaking the gaze and i nodded . 
 `` i 'm going back home for dinner , and then i 'm sleeping here tonight . 
 so ... unless you wanted to talk to me tonight ? '' 
 i was asking innocently , there seemed to be so many things i needed to be caught up on . 
 however , liam 's face instantly darkened and he shook his head . 
 `` no , i wo n't be free tonight . 
 if you have any questions , you can call sheena at security , '' he turned on his heel , suddenly , and was gone before i could stop him . 
 i sat at the desk , my mind whirling at what i possibly could have said wrong . 
 i had n't meant to offend him , of course , and i could n't imagine how i had . 
 somehow , i must have managed . 
 losing my motivation to unpack , i went to put my coat back on . 
 i had never lived alone before , and it was certainly going to be lonely . 
 at that moment , a small part of me i wanted nothing more than to head home , see my father for dinner , and sleep in my own bed . 
 but that life was over . 
 chapter 9 : amy the first week of classes were a blur to me ; a constant stream of people and text books ; lines and instructions ; hallways and colors . 
 unlike simply sitting in the classes and auditing them , i actually had to participate , to do the work , and answer questions . 
 more than once , i found myself lost trying to find a small classroom , or backstage entrance . 
 the students were helpful , friendly for the most part and willing to share their textbooks and scripts with me until i got my own ... at least in the beginning . 
 but as time went on , it was liam who gave me the support i needed , making sure i had time to find my way and pausing to offer definitions of terms or words that must have obviously confused me . 
 and soon , i found the friendly looks from others turning to raised eyebrows , and snickering ; dirty glares that would have stopped even the hardest heart in their tracks . 
 i told myself he was just being nice . 
 he was helping me out . 
 after all , we were to perform together soon , and so we had to work together . 
 i even tried telling the others that . 
 but soon , i found being at school was not much different than being at home . 
 i was isolated , alone and different . 
 the walls were thin , and i could a lot through them . 
 i was used to sleeping in pitch darkness and dead silence . 
 but at school , with the hall light constantly on , and the thin walls , i got neither . 
 it 's just that ... i do n't know . 
 maybe i 'm so useless and need all this extra attention , so they are frustrated with me . 
 and my lack of talent . 
 i texted sarah one evening , as i sat in one of the common rooms alone . 
 i was supposed to be writing out a modern day translation of a shakespeare verse , but i found myself unable to focus . 
 are you kidding ? 
 they 're jealous . 
 she replied back instantly . 
 you beat out a million girls for a scholarship , you 're awesome and gorgeous , and the hot movie star/headmaster is paying attention to you . 
 why are you sad ?! 
 this is the ride of your life ! 
 maybe he thinks i 'm so useless that i 'm ` special . ' 
 i replied back , sullenly . 
 and that 's why he has to stop every five seconds to tell me what something means . 
 video chat . 
 now . 
 came the reply , and i sighed . 
 i did n't really have an excuse to say no to her , now that i was at school with free unlimited wi-fi . 
 our video chats could go on for hours without me worrying about our internet bill . 
 i hit the screen share button and waited for her camera to load up , holding the phone up to my face . 
 sarah was pretty , in a kind of exotic way . 
 her hair was cropped short , in a style i never dared to try , and she always wore eye shadow that made her almond shaped eyes pop . 
 up in canada , she was a community theater actor , being forced by her parents to study finance in university . 
 however , that did n't stop her from dressing like madonna and auditioning for everything she could find . 
 she had spunk , energy about her that i always envied . 
 `` you know what you should do ? '' 
 she said , as soon as her face popped up . 
 sarah had a liquid french accent that i imagined made every man around her want her . 
 `` take me on a tour of your school . 
 the wi-fi goes all over , right ? '' 
 `` nooo , '' i whined , leaning back in my chair . 
 `` it 's getting dark and i want to go to bed . '' 
 `` but you 'll just lie in bed for hours and listen to whoever is sobbing their eyes out every night continue to do so . 
 besides , it 's like 8pm , amy , you 're acting like a 50 year old . '' 
 `` hey , '' i grinned at that , struggling to my feet . 
 `` i have a disease , you know . '' 
 `` there 's the disease ... and then there 's just you , '' sarah teased me . 
 `` or you can sit here and tell me how gorgeous liam is . '' 
 i sighed , and hit the button for the rear camera , so she could see things from my point of view . 
 `` alright , fine , '' i stood up , heading out into the hallway . 
 `` but if i get in trouble for illegally filming or something , i 'm sending them to arrest you too . '' 
 `` show me liam ! '' 
 sarah said to me , and i rolled my eyes , quickly turning the camera around and pulling my headphones out of my pocket , so the whole corridor would n't hear her outbursts . 
 `` sarah , hush , '' i said , burning with embarrassment . 
 `` i do n't know where he is , geez . '' 
 `` i thought he was always with you ? '' 
 she teased , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` ooo , what 's that ? '' 
 `` that 's the dance studio for the juniors , '' i said , putting the phone up to the window . 
 it was empty , but she could still see the barre decorated with disney characters and the multicolored lights . 
 `` wow . 
 you could have had so much fun as a kid , '' sarah said , as i continued to walk , angling the camera to show her various pictures or sticking it into classrooms so she could see my daily environment . 
 i was just about to see if the theater was open when i was distracted by the sudden sound of breaking glass . 
 sarah must have seen my eyes dart away , because she leaned forward . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` hold on a second , '' i said , walking carefully towards the sound . 
 curiosity killed the cat , my father always used to tell me . 
 however , i ignored his voice ringing in my ears as i peeked around the corner to the classroom . 
 `` liam ! 
 omg ! '' 
 sarah almost deafened me with her scream . 
 i gave the phone a quick glare , wincing . 
 sure enough , inside the class room , was liam , standing in the middle and waving his arms . 
 porsche sat on a desk , glaring at him . 
 `` she 's my sire , porsche , darling , she 's the one who made me . 
 you expect me to just forget she even existed ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying be careful , '' she replied . 
 `` you 're splashing your face all over the media again , and if she wants to find you , she 's going to find you and then this is going to start all over again . '' 
 `` what are they talking about ? '' 
 sarah hissed in my ear . 
 i glanced at her video and angrily put a finger to my lips . 
 `` let her , '' liam shrugged . 
 `` there is n't anything that blood sucker can do to me that she has n't already done . 
 not with you around anyway . '' 
 the conversation made little sense to me , and made me lean in further , trying to understand exactly what they were talking about . 
 my head crossed a light , and my shadow played strongly against the wall . 
 the change in light was what gave me away . 
 in an instant , they both turned to look at me . 
 i felt the color rise in my cheeks , and i yanked my head phones out . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i said , quickly . 
 `` i was just showing my friend around , '' i held up the video call on my phone which showed sarah gaping . 
 quickly , i ended the call , without saying goodbye . 
 `` amy ! '' 
 liam said , a bit too loudly . 
 he looked different from this morning ; paler , and more defined in the face and his voice sounded different as well , although i could n't place it . 
 however , with one whiff of the air in the room , it was probably a safe bet to assume he was drunk . 
 i recognized the smell of brandy from the kitchen ... sweet and potent . 
 `` it 's ok , the more the merrier . '' 
 `` liam , '' porsche growled , from her place on the desk . 
 `` i think amy should head back to her dorms , right now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he turned to her , a bit unsteadily . 
 `` she 's the best student in the school . 
 she 's the only one that gives a damn about acting . 
 the rest of them are after fame and fortune . 
 why should n't she stay and join us ? '' 
 my mouth hit the floor at his words , which had no trace of sarcasm or untruth in them . 
 he spoke them from his heart , obscured by alcohol as they were . 
 and then he stumbled , reaching to a nearby desk for support . 
 without thinking , i moved forward , even though i was too far to catch him . 
 i heard it before i felt it ; the crunch of glass beneath my feet that speared right through my thin sandal and into my skin . 
 it pierced deep , and i cried out from the pain , stumbling forwards myself in alarm . 
 i put my arms out to catch myself , but panicked when i realized there was broken glass everywhere . 
 liam grabbed me before i fully hit the ground , pulling me out of harm 's way before i could do too much damage to my skin . 
 he had moved across the room at seemingly inhuman speed , grabbing me around the waist and pulling me to the left , so we both fell . 
 for a moment , i was in his lap , his strong arms around me , and i did n't want to move , my heart beating so fast i thought it might explode . 
 but then i felt the rush of blood as my muscles recovered from the fall , and i twisted , trying to get out of his grasp . 
 `` let go . 
 let go . 
 please let go , '' i cried , trying to assess where the blood was , and whether any of it had gotten on him . 
 if he had even a drop of blood in any wound , in his face , there was a good chance he could be infected . 
 liam looked shocked at this , and released me , but soon , i had another problem . 
 porsche was in front of me then , grabbing my wrists to get me to stop struggling . 
 `` amy , are you ok ? '' 
 `` please , '' i said , surprised as tears sprung to my eyes . 
 i had to make her understand . 
 `` please , do n't touch me , no ! '' 
 i moved my arm away as she reached for it , sprouting blood from broken glass . 
 `` i 'm hiv positive , my blood is infected . 
 you ca n't be anywhere near me . 
 you need gloves ! '' 
 `` ssh , honey , '' her voice was gentle as she met my eyes . 
 `` me too . '' 
 that stopped me , and i stared at her . 
 she was so beautiful , so healthy , and strong . 
 how could she possibly be infected as well ? 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yep , '' she said , with a sad smile , as she reached to examine my arm . 
 `` years ago . 
 dirty needle . '' 
 she winced as she looked at the wound . 
 `` this is going to need the first aid kit . 
 i 'm going to get it . '' 
 she stood up , looking at liam , who had backed up a bit to lean against a desk . 
 `` you alright ? 
 i 'll be fast . '' 
 `` sure , '' he seemed a bit more sober now , although his eyes were n't as intense as they normally were . 
 `` go ahead , porsche , i 'm not going to eat her . '' 
 `` uh huh , '' the dancer seemed un-amused , and headed off down the hallway , breaking into a jog as she got a few feet away . 
 curling my knees against my chest , i turned to look at liam . 
 he was looking right back at me , sympathy playing across his face . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked me , and i nodded . 
 `` yes , i was just careless . '' 
 `` if anyone was careless tonight , it was me , '' he said , sitting down beside me . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 i cocked my head at him . 
 `` you look ... sorry , you look terrible . '' 
 he laughed , glancing up at the clock . 
 `` it 's just time for me to go to bed , '' he said , and i raised an eyebrow at that . 
 `` a former hollywood party boy , wanting to sleep at 9pm ? '' 
 his face darkened at that again , and i saw his mouth twitch . 
 i blinked twice , trying to clear my head . 
 his teeth were white and perfect inside his mouth , but tonight they looked almost menacing . 
 `` there are things the darkness does to me that you do n't know , amy . 
 things that you do n't want to know . '' 
 i would have laughed at that , but there was something about the tone in his voice that made me lean closer , my chest tight with empathy . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 he waved his hand , dismissingly . 
 `` we all have our demons in the dark . 
 i 'm sorry that you have to ... see me like this . 
 the booze helps , believe it or not . 
 but then , you 're 18 and young , you should believe it , '' he gave me a wry smile , and i shrugged . 
 `` i 've lived a pretty boring life . '' 
 i said , quietly , pulling at a thread on my shirt . 
 `` but liam ... '' there was something about his face , the way he was almost folded in on himself , looking so vulnerable , that made me continue to speak . 
 `` you 've given me so much help while i 've been here . 
 you 've given me everything . 
 a year ago , i never would have even dared to dream my life would be like this . 
 so ... '' i trailed off , meeting his dark eyes . 
 `` if there 's anything i can do to help you ... i know it 's not my place , but ... '' what stopped me this time was what i thought i saw in his eyes ; the tears welling up as he spoke , shaking his head . 
 `` you 're a good kid , amy . 
 you should n't be mixed up in all this . '' 
 `` i 'm not a kid , '' i said , immediately , and he met my eyes , a tender smile on his face . 
 he raised a hand to my cheek , and i let him touch it gently . 
 `` indeed you are not . '' 
 he said . 
 `` you are a beautiful young woman , and any man would be blind to refuse you . '' 
 i was lost in his eyes , their watery depths flooding into my soul . 
 i had seen his face a thousand times , on the screen and in the magazines , and i could n't believe it was now inches from mine . 
 slowly , his other hand rose to my other cheek , and he dipped his head . 
 without even realizing what was happening , i kissed him . 
 his lips were soft , and gentle , our tongues chasing each other as our kiss deepened . 
 it seemed to last an eternity , and yet when we broke apart , it was n't long enough . 
 i gripped onto him and our lips met again , our breath now coming in gasps . 
 i felt things i had never felt before , my skin lit up and a warm glow ignited between my legs . 
 liam seemed equally entranced , his eyes closed , and his hands began wandering my body . 
 i did n't have time to think , to consider what was happening . 
 all i knew was that i wanted more , and i pulled myself closer to him , remaining careful to keep my wounds away . 
 he tasted of brandy and sweetness , and the way he sucked on my lower lip made me moan . 
 finally , we broke apart , our eyes darting over each other , playing the old trick of pretending not to look . 
 my head was reeling as i tried to make sense of it . 
 his hand took mine and squeezed it gently . 
 neither of us said anything for almost a full minute , until i heard footsteps from down the hall . 
 `` are you dating her ? '' 
 i asked , under my breath . 
 i had to know . 
 forget the implications of the fact that i had just kissed my headmaster in a fiery passion that would have burned the school down - if his girlfriend was coming back as well , i might as well slit my wrists now . 
 `` no , '' he laughed at the silliness of my question , and i felt he was n't lying . 
 `` porsche and i have a different story but romance does n't have any part in it . '' 
 `` oh , '' i replied , looking away , as she returned to the room , first aid kit in hand . 
 `` you 're probably going to have to see a doctor , amy , '' she said , crouching to my level . 
 `` but let 's see if we can get the biggest shard out , hmm ? '' 
 `` uh huh , '' i extended my arm , glancing back at liam . 
 our conversation ended abruptly , and i felt like a piece of me was unfinished . 
 pulling a pair of tweezers from the first aid kit , she squinted in the light , examining the glass before clamping down on it . 
 i braced myself , closing my eyes . 
 the sun was almost gone now , setting fast , and i could practically see the last rays of light disappearing from behind my eyelids . 
 i took a deep breath as i felt her brace my arm , and then she pulled . 
 it did n't hurt as much as i thought it would . 
 when you grow up with ivs , needles and endless amounts of drugs and tests , you do n't grow up squeamish . 
 from behind me , however , i heard liam grunt . 
 `` get out , '' porsche said to him , quickly slapping some gauze on my wound , which had begun to ooze blood . 
 i could n't turn around , she had me gripped tightly , but i could hear him stand up . 
 `` before you cause any more damage . 
 you need to go . 
 i already called peter . '' 
 peter was his grandfather , the old headmaster of the school . 
 i could only assume he was being sent home on the infamous walk of shame . 
 i smiled slightly to myself . 
 even liam , the god of acting , was human . 
 `` maybe we could talk in the morning ? 
 i have ... questions , '' i said , and liam paused in the doorway , turning back to me . 
 he was growing increasingly pale and i wondered if blood made him squeamish . 
 but still , he gave me a devilish grin . 
 `` sure , '' he said , and then he was gone . 
 porsche rolled her eyes , wrapping my arm in gauze before checking my other wounds . 
 `` come on . 
 we should get you to the school nurse . '' 
 `` right , '' i stood , shakily , taking her arm . 
 `` is liam going to be alright ? '' 
 she looked surprised as she helped me towards the door . 
 `` he 'll be fine , amy , '' she said , although she did n't sound like she believed herself . 
 `` he always is . '' 
 chapter 10 : amy the next morning , i was up at the crack of dawn , my head still spinning from what had happened last night . 
 i had n't slept well at all , and part of that was due to the thin walls in the dorms . 
 i knew i had it luckier than some of the students who had moved across the world to be here , some of them so young . 
 i heard what i assumed was crying or moaning through the walls . 
 and at first , my heart broke for whichever poor girl was so heartbroken that she was sobbing into her pillow . 
 by 3am , however , i had little pity for it , having been woken up twice . 
 i actually fell asleep with my fingers in my ears , and they rang with exhaustion as i walked down the halls . 
 as soon as i knew liam would be in his office i briskly walked down the hallways , trying not to draw attention to myself . 
 in the hours since dawn , i had painstakingly done my makeup and paid more attention to my hair than i normally did . 
 i put on the one pair of high heels i owned , trying not to pitch forward when i walked . 
 the hallways were mostly empty . 
 the school officially opened at 8am but classes did n't start until 9am , and so i passed very few students . 
 liam 's door was closed , but i could see him through the shadowy glass window . 
 taking a deep breath , and checking my reflection once more , i knocked twice . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 his reply was brisk and curt through the door . 
 `` it 's amy , '' i said , my voice shaking . 
 `` i was hoping we could discuss those ... questions i had ... '' there was a silence and a shuffling of papers . 
 suddenly , the door opened . 
 liam stood there , looking crisp and sharp in the morning light ; his shirt rolled up to his elbows and his pants perfectly pressed . 
 the smell of a woodsy cologne drifted from his neck , and when he moved his arm to usher me in , i saw the ripple of lean muscle . 
 once i was inside , liam closed the door behind me , and sat on the edge of the desk , watching me intently . 
 `` how um ... '' i gulped . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he said , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` also fine . '' 
 i blushed , looking down at my shoes . 
 for a moment , neither of us said anything , and then we both spoke at once . 
 `` about last night ... '' `` amy , last night ... '' we both stopped , and laughed , awkwardly , nervously . 
 finally , he spoke again . 
 `` amy , last night was a mistake . '' 
 `` right , '' i swallowed the lump in my throat and tried to ignore the feeling of my stomach hitting the floor . 
 `` it was late , i was ... clumsy and you were ... not yourself and ... i mean , of course it was a mistake , this is something that ca n't happen , but do n't worry , i wo n't tell anyone . '' 
 i rose quickly . 
 i just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible . 
 `` amy , amy , amy , '' he waved his hand with a small smile , motioning for me to sit back down . 
 `` last night was a mistake because you did n't deserve to be treated that way . 
 you 're a young woman , a respectable young woman and i should have approached you with respect ... asked to court you , rather than act like a drunken lout . '' 
 my jaw fell open , as i watched him pace the room slowly . 
 he turned back to look at me , his eyes wide and full of question . 
 `` so may i ? '' 
 i met his eyes , surprised . 
 `` may you ... what ? '' 
 `` may i court you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i almost fell off my chair . 
 `` uh ... '' came out of my throat , as he advanced and reached for my hand . 
 his fingers folded over mine . 
 `` since the first time i saw you in the audition , you have captivated me for reasons i ca n't explain . 
 your talent , your grace , your beauty ... '' he was now just an inch away from my face , his warm breath making me blush . 
 the kiss was different from last night . 
 last night was frantic , passionate and fiery . 
 today was soft and tender . 
 we savored each moment and made sure every touch was well worth the wait . 
 the effect was the same , and when we finally broke apart , i was panting again . 
 i had never felt anything like this before . 
 my sexuality had always been something i pushed away . 
 after all , when you grow up with hiv , you are n't exactly going to be having one night stands if you are any kind of decent person . 
 `` can we ? '' 
 i asked , meaning a million different things . 
 up close , he was even more gorgeous ; his eyes glinting in the soft sunlight ; his hair perfectly styled ; his skin glowing with our passion . 
 he shrugged , with a small smile . 
 `` i make the rules around here , '' he said , leaning back to sit on the desk . 
 `` and i do n't see why not . 
 as long as you do n't publicly announce it . '' 
 `` i guess i 'll cancel the national press conference at 9 then . '' 
 i said . 
 a cheeky grin spread across my face and he nipped at my lips again , with a good-natured growl . 
 `` i 've never done this before , amy , '' he said , reading my mind . 
 `` it 's not like with every new wave of students i find myself a hot date . '' 
 `` i 've never had a hot date ... or a date ... '' i looked away , embarrassed . 
 he smiled , gently , brushing hair back from my forehead . 
 `` well , then this will be a first time for both of us , wo n't it ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` although ... amy , we should lay down some ground rules . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i asked , hesitant to hear the answer . 
 my heart was beating a million miles a minute at the sheer excitement of the situation . 
 liam thought a moment , before responding . 
 more than anything , i wanted him to kiss me again , to take me in his arms . 
 it was hard to focus , staring at his beauty and knowing now that i could have it if i wanted . 
 `` we have to be careful where we are seen . 
 of course , there are things we wo n't be able to avoid . 
 like the fact that i ca n't take my eyes off you in class . '' 
 the statement made me blush , and i looked down . 
 `` but we must be careful about chatting too much in the hallways , or before or after class . '' 
 i nodded , agreeing to this . 
 `` also , we must be careful where we are seen . 
 i know a way to your dorm ... if you wanted to have dinner there , or perhaps my office ... no one will question a new student wanting to spend extra hours catching up . '' 
 `` but maybe we should do things off campus ? '' 
 i suggested , getting into the spirit of things . 
 `` far off campus , '' he nodded , agreeing . 
 `` i have a car , there 's a place a few towns over . 
 but my celebrity status does n't allow for much privacy . 
 perhaps you 'll have to wait a few years if you want to stroll down the streets hand in hand . '' 
 the fact that he was already talking about our future sent a warm feeling through my body , and i grinned . 
 `` i think i can manage that , '' i said , with a nod , although part of me had forgotten he was a celebrity . 
 since i had gotten to know him , he was just liam , the headmaster , my teacher , and now , my boyfriend . 
 he grinned . 
 `` good , '' he said , standing up . 
 `` shall i see you tonight then ? 
 you have a lot to catch up on . 
 but perhaps we also have a lot to catch up on . 
 i would like to know everything about you , amy . 
 your hopes , your dreams , your aspirations . 
 what you want from the world , and from life . '' 
 `` i ... '' i paused , trying to think of answers to those questions . 
 when none came , i leaned in again , and kissed him . 
 he placed his hands on my waist , gripping me tightly . 
 `` and i would like to know about you , '' i whispered , looking up to meet his eyes . 
 already , as if by magic , i could see a different person from the celebrity the whole world thought that they knew . 
 and so this was how the next few weeks panned out . 
 secret meetings , early morning rendezvous , empty classrooms and dark hallways . 
 but it was n't all passion and fire . 
 one morning , i opened my door to check for the daily school paper that was left at all the dorm rooms . 
 instead , i found a small item , wrapped in the daily paper . 
 curious , i picked it up , looking up and down the hallways . 
 however , there was no one there . 
 opening the package , a smile spread over my face . 
 it was a tiny plastic oscar , with my name sharpied onto it . 
 i rolled my eyes , laughing a bit as i turned it over in my hand . 
 on the bottom , a sharpied heart was drawn . 
 to my right , i heard a noise and looked up , with a smile . 
 `` creative , '' i said , as liam approached out of nowhere as usual . 
 he smiled , looking around to double check that the hallways were empty . 
 and then , he kissed the top of my head , leading me into my dorm room . 
 `` i thought you would appreciate that , '' he said , bending in for a deeper kiss . 
 i sighed happily , putting my arms around him . 
 he smelled good , like wood smoke and whisky , something i could n't describe but was instantly addicted to . 
 his tongue explored my mouth , and the intense passion in the early morning caused me to stumble . 
 before i knew it , we were pressed against a wall , my breath coming in gasps . 
 with a devilish smile , he pulled back . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 `` good morning , '' i said , sitting on my bed . 
 he sat beside me , pulling open the brown bag he had been holding . 
 from inside it wafted breakfast smells and he produced blueberry muffins . 
 `` did you harass my father as soon as he got in the door ? 
 only he makes these . '' 
 `` i did . 
 perks of being headmaster , '' he replied , settling back against my headboard and taking a bite . 
 he closed his eyes , and i watched his face a moment . 
 `` you look tired , '' i said , and he opened his eyes . 
 `` mmm . 
 rough night . '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 i asked , and liam shrugged . 
 `` wild partying , obviously , '' he said , although i could tell his tone was sarcastic . 
 i could tell he did n't want me to pry , and so i did n't . 
 i moved up beside him , biting into the familiar taste . 
 `` yeah , me too , '' i replied and he laughed . 
 `` are you alright , though ? '' 
 `` fine now that i 'm sitting beside you . '' 
 he gave me a lazy smile , leaning his head against mine . 
 `` there used to be a time when a night of ... that was all that would satisfy me . 
 but now , i look forward to breakfast with you a lot more . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , and he shrugged , taking my hand and squeezing it . 
 `` you 're all that need right now , '' he replied , and i felt like nothing else mattered in the world but me at that moment . 
 `` do you believe in love ? '' 
 i blurted out , and liam turned to me , sharply . 
 `` hypothetically , of course . 
 in general . 
 i 'm not going all serious on you . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't . 
 i have n't ... before . 
 you ? '' 
 `` i think there are many cases of love in the world , '' i said . 
 `` but ... i do n't think true love is true until it 's returned . 
 so you can be in love ... but not until the other person returns it does it become real . '' 
 `` and you 've seen this ? '' 
 he asked , fixated on my eyes . 
 i did n't want to move , locked in his gaze . 
 `` not seen , not really . 
 but heard about it . 
 my parents ... everyone talked about them . 
 and my dad still talks about my mom like she 's around . 
 not in a creepy way . 
 she was the love of his life . 
 she still is . 
 and ... '' i traced a pattern on my bedspread , looking away . 
 `` romeo loved juliette , but it was n't true love until she started paying attention . 
 so you can be in love ... but not true love ? '' 
 i shrugged , embarrassed by my girly outpour of feelings . 
 but liam just took my chin , making me look at him again . 
 `` that was beautiful , amy . 
 and probably right . '' 
 he kissed the top of my head , and then wrapped his arms around me , pulling me tight . 
 i shifted so i was on top of him , and he grinned like i had just given him award . 
 compared to his body , i was small and thin , and i found a way to fit perfectly on top of him . 
 when i was with him , i tried to forget all the things we could n't do , and instead focused on all the things we could do . 
 the sandwiches quickly forgotten , our kisses led to wandering hands , up and down each other 's bodies . 
 other times , it was n't so serious . 
 i remember walking into the theater early one morning , for beauty and the beast rehearsal , when i heard someone whisper my name . 
 i spun around , but there was no one there . 
 amy came the voice again , and i looked up , my heart thudding with fear . 
 but again , there was nothing . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called , slowly walking towards the stage . 
 ammmy . 
 the voice got a little louder , and seemed to be coming from all around me . 
 i took a deep breath , climbing onto the stage . 
 up there , i felt like i could see everything , and i was safe . 
 `` who 's there ? 
 who is this ? 
 whoever it is , this is n't funny . '' 
 `` amy , you are destined for the stage . '' 
 the voice was echoing and bouncing off the walls . 
 it was a man that was all i could indentify . 
 alone in the theater , i do n't think i had ever been so scared . 
 i put my hands at my sides , as if any amount of foreign space would open me for danger . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i asked , looking up into the skylights . 
 `` because i 'm watching . '' 
 came the echo and i buried my head in my hands . 
 stories of phantom of the opera that we read in class last week , along with real theater ghost stories , came flooding back to my mind . 
 `` and also ... '' the voice echoed , coming from all around me . 
 `` you are destined to not do your homework tonight . '' 
 i froze , pulling my hands away . 
 a light came on in the projector booth , and liam popped his head out . '' 
 ... because we 're having dinner . '' 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 i screamed at him , half laughing . 
 liam leaned against the balcony railing with a seductive smile on his face . 
 `` so what do you think of our new sound system ? 
 it 's all for the show . '' 
 `` argh , you . '' 
 i tried to compose myself , but it was impossible with liam looking down on me like that . 
 `` come down here so i can punish you . '' 
 `` i like the sound of that , '' he grinned , moving down the stairs . 
 i stalked towards him , but he caught me in his arms , causing a giggle to escape from my lips . 
 `` so tell me how you are going to punish me . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 going . 
 to . 
 kiss . 
 you . 
 all . 
 day . '' 
 it was hard to get out in-between his onslaught of kisses , but i finally managed . 
 `` i swear it . '' 
 `` then i shall turn to dead at nightfall , my love , '' he said , giving me an old fashioned bow . 
 i rolled my eyes , heading back to the stage . 
 `` come on , liam , let 's rehearse . '' 
 there was one night however , that would stick in my mind forever . 
 we had a half day at school one friday and liam and i had long since agreed to spend the rest of the day together . 
 however , it was n't until nearly three o'clock that he knocked on my door . 
 i opened the door quickly , and he practically threw himself in . 
 we had to be careful not to let anyone see him entering my dorm room too frequently . 
 already , questions were arising and the girls knew i was the `` teacher 's pet '' . 
 `` hey , '' i said , reaching to take his coat . 
 today , he wore dark jeans and a blue shirt , slightly open at the neck . 
 he was absolutely perfect and i felt a bit bad that all i had on were my jeans and a tee-shirt . 
 `` meetings run late ? '' 
 `` there 's a problem with beauty and the beast , '' he said , rolling his eyes as he went to sit on my bed . 
 `` half of the committee feels that the publicity of me playing the lead would n't be worth depriving a student of the role . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i turned , stunned . 
 `` but you have to be beast . 
 i 'm beauty . '' 
 `` i know , '' he wiggled his eyebrows at me , which made me laugh . 
 `` but perhaps they 're right . 
 i could at least cast someone for the role , and have them play it most of the time . 
 the one performance i do it will be a special one for the press . 
 and to teach this school how to act . '' 
 he threw himself backwards , lying on my bed . 
 i came to sit beside him , folding my legs under me . 
 this was often a complaint of liam , that most of the school was only it in for the fame and glory . 
 `` can i act ? '' 
 i asked , even though i already knew his answer . 
 he turned his head towards me ; a smile playing off his lips . 
 `` amy , when you act i forget that anything else exists but the world you are creating . 
 somehow , untrained , you understand more than the students who 've had twelve years here . 
 you 're a diamond in the rough ... an oasis in the desert . 
 you 're a. . . '' 
 we were interrupted by his stomach growling . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm a good girlfriend who feeds you good food , and that 's the only reason you 're here , '' i said , and he leant on his elbows . 
 `` that 's part of it . '' 
 i had prepared oatmeal cookies last night when i went home to visit my father , and i brought out a plate of them now , placing them between us on the bed . 
 `` how long can you stay ? '' 
 i asked , and he stifled a yawn . 
 `` a few hours of quality time , at least . 
 i was wondering if you had given any thought to the dance class that was added to the semester . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` only if it starts at a kindergarten level . 
 i 'm not a dancer . 
 who 's teaching it ? '' 
 `` a dance teacher from russia , '' he said . 
 `` and a few guest instructors , like porsche , when i can get them . '' 
 `` forget that then , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 `` i 'll look like an elephant in a tutu . '' 
 `` but a very cute one , '' he said , poking at the cookies . 
 `` how did you meet porsche ? '' 
 i asked , and he cocked his head . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just curious , '' i said , with a casual shrug . 
 he took my hand , squeezing it . 
 `` amy , i told you , there 's absolutely nothing to be jealous of . '' 
 `` i know , '' i replied , looking out the window as a kite flew by . 
 `` i just ... want to know . 
 since she 's your closest friend , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' he thought for a moment , and then shrugged . 
 `` we met at a party years ago . 
 she was the life of the party , and i fell into her . 
 literally tripped . 
 she 's a fun girl , and there are things about us that click , like the fact that we 're both performers . 
 but really , amy , it 's not like that . '' 
 he pulled me closer , laying a light kiss on my lips . 
 `` truly , you 're the only person i have eyes for . '' 
 i nodded , savoring the kiss . 
 there was something about liam 's eyes that told me there was more to the story , but i did n't question it . 
 i felt , at least regards to me that he was telling the truth , and that was all that mattered . 
 when i had told sarah the whole story , she had of course questioned everything ; his friendship with porsche , the legality of the fact that he was my teacher , the age gap , everything . 
 sometimes i think she wanted me to film every aspect of my life and play it back for her . 
 of course , i had not told my father . 
 i could n't imagine how severe his reaction would be . 
 dad also wanted me to account for my actions every moment of the day , and i knew he was starting to notice the huge gaps of time that went un-talked about - the times i snuck away to spend with liam . 
 i was n't sure if any of the other students or faculty members had noticed either . 
 i mean , before this , the girls knew i was liam 's favorite , and i suffered for it . 
 but nothing had changed in that respect , so perhaps they had n't noticed . 
 as for the faculty , i was quite sure they 'd bring it to his attention and not mine but he had n't said anything to me about needing to be more careful . 
 the only one who i thought might be in on the secret was his secretary , who kept her face deliberately blank as i came and left his office day after day . 
 she must have heard the goings on , who could n't . 
 liam and i could entertain each other perfectly for days just cracking jokes , or rehearsing . 
 but more often than not , when we had private time , that 's not what we were doing . 
 i was sitting in his lap , my legs wrapped around him , as we made out , or running my hands up and down his chest as we sank to the floor . 
 he was going to drive me crazy before the year was up , i could tell . 
 and although it was wonderful , it was the times we sat and talked that i enjoyed the most . 
 taking the remote , i turned on the television , flipping through the channels . 
 `` what are we watching ? '' 
 asked liam , his mouth full of cookies . 
 `` we ... are ... watching ... this , '' i finally landed on shakespeare in love , the opening credits just rolling . 
 he shrugged and i settled back into his arms , munching on a cookie myself . 
 as the movie began to play , i closed my eyes , feeling warm , comfortable and safe against liam . 
 he gave me a squeeze , wrapping his strong arms around me , and we settled further into the pillows . 
 soon the cookie tray was empty . 
 we put it aside and sprawled out on the bed . 
 cuddling close to him as the movie went on , i fell asleep . 
 my cell phone ringing woke me up with a jolt . 
 the room was a lot darker than the last time my eyes were open and the tv was now playing an endless infomercial . 
 i leapt up to grab it . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i asked , frantic and still groggy with sleep . 
 `` can i speak to amy ? '' 
 said a female voice . 
 i recognized the drone of a call center in the background , and rolled my eyes . 
 `` no , she 's out right now , '' i said and hung up , turning back to liam who sat up abruptly , also startled by the noise . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 he asked , running a hand over his face . 
 `` uh ... 6 '' i said , and he jumped up immediately . 
 `` everything ok ? 
 liam ? '' 
 i grabbed his arm as he shot past me , taking his coat from the hanger . 
 `` are you ok ? 
 you look a bit pale . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , but i have to go , '' he said , not looking at me . 
 he laid a quick kiss on my cheek and hurried towards the door , not even pausing for a cautious minute to make sure the hall was empty . 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , amy , '' he said , and practically slammed the door behind him . 
 i stood in the middle of the floor confused , and wondering how a telemarketer cell phone call had possibly offended him . 
 mind you , we had never fallen asleep together . 
 while comfortable for me , i realized it may have made him feel uncomfortable - especially this early on . 
 with a shrug , i switched off the tv and pulled my hair into a bun . 
 i had homework to finish anyway . 
 around 10pm , i closed my books , sighing . 
 i was well into the work i needed to do , and i could have kept going , had it not been for that sound again . 
 every evening , around this time , i could hear someone crying as if their soul was breaking through the walls . 
 at first i assumed it was a homesick student , or maybe a student who had a bad day - something that would be temporary and go away . 
 but this was continuous as if they were on a timer . 
 every night at dark , it sounded like someone was being tortured . 
 i checked my phone for messages ; something to distract me . 
 it seemed the whole world was busy tonight , and there was still no word from liam . 
 i stood up to grab a sweater , checked my appearance in the mirror briefly and went out the door . 
 the hallways were quiet and empty . 
 i knew the sound was always coming from my left side , and so i ventured that way , careful to make sure my steps were quiet . 
 just a little way down , to my left , was a hallway that led to a fire escape . 
 no one ever went down there . 
 the light was constantly broken and the door was always locked . 
 but , glancing back to my room , i realized it would make sense if the sound was coming from there . 
 i walked down the hallway , using my phone as a flashlight as i neared the end of it . 
 biting my lip , i casually tried the door , looking around for another alternative . 
 to my surprise , it was open this time . 
 i looked up quickly , to make sure i was n't about to set off a trip wire and a fire alarm . 
 one thing i had learned from sneaking around the school in my younger days was what the alarm system looked like . 
 however , this door had no wiring , just the sign , and i wondered if it was just a decoy . 
 there was a set of stairs behind the door , again badly lit . 
 using my phone , i could see that there was dust everywhere , aside from the middle , where there were footprints . 
 someone had been here , and recently as well . 
 taking a deep breath to steel myself , i started down the steps , making sure my foot was firmly on one step before i went to the next one . 
 i was definitely moving in the right direction , the noise was getting louder . 
 at the bottom of the steps was a huge steel door that looked like it was left over from another century . 
 the moaning was coming from in there , and the door was slightly ajar . 
 even though i knew i should n't , i could n't resist . 
 creeping forward , i peered through the crack . 
 what i saw was a sight i will never forget . 
 liam was chained to the wall , cuffs around his wrists and hands that he was trying to break free of . 
 but it was his face that would stick in my mind forever . 
 pale as a corpse , his teeth nearly poking out of his mouth in their length and sharpness , his eyes were black , and his muscles seemed more defined . 
 he did n't look like the liam i knew at all , more like a dark shadow of himself . 
 what softened me was that he seemed to be in pain . 
 `` liam ? '' 
 i squeaked , my voice barely above a whisper . 
 his head snapped up and he snarled at me , causing me to jump back . 
 `` amy , '' he said his voice devoid of emotion . 
 i turned , but he reached out , confined by the chains . 
 `` wait , amy ... do n't go . 
 you 're going to have to find out eventually , anyway . '' 
 `` find out what ? '' 
 i asked , unable to take my eyes off what he had become . 
 liam laughed , although there was no humor in his tone . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` look at me . 
 look at me and tell me what do you think ? '' 
 `` are you ... sick ? '' 
 i asked , taking a step forward again . 
 `` is there something wrong ? 
 because i can deal with being sick , liam , obviously . '' 
 `` and part of the reason i can deal with you is that you are , '' he said , looking straight into my eyes . 
 `` your blood does not smell as tempting as a normal person would . 
 your illness is my blessing . '' 
 i stared at him , shocked . 
 `` how could you say that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how could you say that ... ? '' 
 `` amy , '' he shook his head , and then groaned again . 
 out of sympathy , i took another step forward , even though i was trembling in fear . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid . 
 these chains have held me almost every night for three years . 
 they 'll hold now . 
 and even if they do n't ... i wo n't hurt you , amy . 
 ever . '' 
 suddenly , it dawned on me , all the facts swimming in my head . 
 stunned , i felt dizzy , and sat on the ground , a few feet from liam . 
 i held my head , trying to make sense of the clues he was giving me . 
 `` what are you , liam ? '' 
 i asked , finally . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked , baring his fangs to me . 
 the word burned on my tongue , but i did n't want to say it . 
 i felt like i was going to pass out . 
 `` is this a joke ? '' 
 `` yes , amy , it 's a joke . 
 an elaborate hoax , and every night i visit the hair and makeup department in the hopes of tricking you , '' he turned his face towards mine , and i saw the scars of tears . 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 i asked , sympathy overtaking me . 
 he winced . 
 `` because it hurts . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i was here now , and whether i believed him or not , i wanted answers . 
 `` legend has taught you to believe that vampires are forever in their demonic form , day and night , and ca n't walk in the sun , '' he said , leaning against the wall . 
 `` but the truth is , the reason you do n't see vampires in the sunlight is because we are human during the day . 
 and every night , as darkness takes the city , we die and change . 
 it 's a painful process and we crave blood every second of the night . 
 and then , as the sun rises , our hearts start to beat again , our demonic form recedes , and we change back . '' 
 `` that night . 
 we first kissed , '' i spoke in a voice i felt was not my own . 
 `` i saw ... you looked different . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i should n't have stayed that long , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` but then , we did n't expect you . '' 
 `` we . '' 
 i repeated . 
 `` porsche knows ? '' 
 he laughed at that . 
 `` yes , she knows . 
 and unlike peter , who thinks i should stay in every night and fight it , porsche encourages me to be who i am . 
 if i go out at night , it 's always with her . '' 
 `` peter locks you up here ? '' 
 i said , aghast and he nodded . 
 `` do n't look so surprised , amy , it 's my choice . 
 as much as i crave blood , i do n't really want to spend every night on a killing spree . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 i asked , watching him . 
 `` do you kill ? '' 
 `` sometimes , '' he said , although he seemed truly sorry for it . 
 `` as the popular stories go , we can survive on animal blood , although it 's not always very fun . '' 
 i fell silent . 
 i could n't deny what he was saying . 
 there was too much evidence in front of me . 
 `` is that why you hang out with porsche ? 
 her blood is infected ? '' 
 `` and she 's fun , '' he gave me a cheeky grin . 
 `` but nothing compares to you . '' 
 `` and that 's why you chose me . '' 
 i said . 
 `` at the audition . '' 
 this time , his face darkened , and he shook his head . 
 `` no , amy . 
 i chose you because you truly were the best . 
 something drew me to you , and i did n't know what it was . 
 but you were n't the only girl who tried out who had a chronic illness . 
 you were n't the first and you wo n't be the last . 
 it was your raw talent that got you chosen ... that 's all . '' 
 i took a deep breath , drawing my knees up to my chest . 
 `` do you sleep ? '' 
 i asked , unable to rein in my curiosity . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i do . 
 you saw me do it . 
 just not regularly . 
 we do n't need as much sleep as humans , so usually , a quick nap from dawn to the start of school does me fine , and perhaps a power nap during the day . 
 nothing to throw my schedule off , '' he shrugged . 
 `` so it hurts ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded . 
 `` i die . 
 and then , just when i get used to it , i live again . '' 
 a silence came over us . 
 i placed my head on my knees , trying to make sense of everything that had happened . 
 my head was spinning . 
 it seemed unreal and yet i could n't deny what was staring me in the face . 
 `` are you immortal , liam ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded , watching my face . 
 i knew i could hide the reaction that came over it . 
 looking immortality in the face , and challenging it with my own weak body ; my own clear mortality , made my chest ache . 
 tears sprung to my eyes , and although i turned away , i knew that liam still saw them . 
 `` it 's not as good as it 's cracked up to be , '' he said . 
 `` how long have you been this way ? '' 
 i asked , visions running through my head of liam fighting in the civil war and living like a cave man . 
 `` 3 years , '' he replied . 
 `` that 's why i left hollywood . 
 but i could n't leave acting altogether , i just could n't . 
 the years i spent in hollywood had already made me push people away , except for superficial friendships , so it was n't hard to continue that way . 
 peter was ... the only one i remained close to and the only one i kept by my side through all this . 
 he 's very understanding ... of all of it . 
 of this , the old ways , the curse . '' 
 i cocked my head . 
 `` the curse ? '' 
 i asked , and liam shook his head at me . 
 `` a story for another time , amy . '' 
 we fell into silence for a moment , and then i asked him the question that had been playing on my mind the whole time . 
 `` how the hell did this happen to you ? '' 
 he watched me silently for a few minutes . 
 it was hard to look at his face but i held my gaze . 
 `` would you like to know ? '' 
 i nodded , and he took a deep breath . 
 `` then perhaps you should make yourself more comfortable , because it 's a long story . '' 
 chapter 11 : liam the paparazzi were getting worse every day and veterans told me it was just the beginning . 
 i was starting to associate outdoors with danger and indoors with safety . 
 lately , so much of my vision had been tunnel ; focus on the door to the club ; the store ; the studio ; and get to it . 
 it was n't really acceptable for male actors , especially at my age , to have bodyguards . 
 so i was on my own . 
 i weaved through the crowd , keeping my head down and my mouth shut as i tumbled through the door to the club . 
 the atmosphere inside was smoky . 
 the club was packed to the rafters even though the sun was just setting . 
 every hour was happy hour in hollywood . 
 all i wanted was a stiff drink , perhaps an illicit cigarette , and to get lost in the crowd . 
 `` triple vodka on the rocks , '' i half screamed , half signed to the barman , who nodded . 
 bar language was different than regular language and i had a theory that only actors succeeded at it because of their extensive facial expressions and powerful lungs . 
 my drink arrived swiftly in a tall water glass that tempted me just to take a few swift chugs and send it back . 
 instead i gripped it and turned around to look for an empty table . 
 there were n't any actual seats - just the tall bar tables where people half stood and half danced the night away . 
 squinting into a dark corner , there was a table with only one person standing there , alone . 
 getting closer , i was stunned . 
 and that did n't usually happen in the land of hollywood beauty . 
 tall and thin ; she was dressed all in black , with a sheet of dark hair falling down her back . 
 her skin was as pale as snow and her eyes were rimmed with kohl . 
 she did n't seem to be performing the usual charade of a single person in a club . 
 instead , she truly seemed to be absorbed in her own world , quite content in her loneliness . 
 `` liam ! '' 
 i turned around , surprised to find kaitlin and william crunched along a table full of familiar faces . 
 they were mostly actors , but some were behind the camera ; a producer and a makeup artist . 
 `` come here ! 
 scrunch over everyone , make room for liam ! '' 
 `` uh ... '' i paused a moment , looking at the smiling faces that welcomed me . 
 i suppose if i wanted to be alone i should n't have come out to a club ... yet , from behind me , i could feel the mystery woman . 
 i could feel her eyes burning through me . 
 i glanced over my shoulder , and found , to my surprise , that she was looking right at me . 
 `` perhaps in a bit ... i 'm meeting someone . '' 
 everyone laughed and nodded knowingly . 
 apparently my reputation for womanizing was well known , as it should be . 
 but this ... this felt different . 
 this woman , even as i approached her , was a divine creature . 
 there was n't one ounce of imperfection that i could see on her ; not one wrinkle or blemish . 
 she did not react as i neared her as most people did these days . 
 instead , a slow smile spread across her face . 
 `` bonjour , '' she said , slowly . 
 `` hello , '' i replied , pointing to the empty spot at the table . 
 god , she was beautiful . 
 `` can i ... stand here ? '' 
 when exactly did i turn into a quivering child ? 
 there was something about her that made me unable to take my eyes off her . 
 `` of course . '' 
 when she spoke , she had a thick french accent that added to her exoticness . 
 `` i 'm liam . '' 
 i extended my hand and she shook it . 
 her fingers were thin and her nails were perfectly manicured . 
 what surprised me was the coolness of her skin , even in the sweaty club . 
 `` selene , '' she drawled , her eyes giving me the once over that i had given other women many times over the past few years . 
 `` and what do you do ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 with looks like this , i was certain she was in the industry . 
 `` i 'm an ... ambassador , '' she said smoothly , and i assumed by her french accent that she meant between france and here . 
 i was impressed . 
 i took a sip of my drink and watched how she moved ever so slightly to the music . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 there was n't anyone in this town who did n't know who i was . 
 either she was lying or she really had just arrived . 
 `` i 'm an actor . '' 
 already the few sips of the drink were warming me . 
 i felt more relaxed and utterly entranced , watching her every movement . 
 `` ah ... acting . 
 believe in untrue circumstances , '' she said , with a small smile . 
 `` and do you believe things that used to be untrue , liam ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i nodded , and she leaned in , those exotic eyes glinting in the light . 
 `` i hope i can make you believe a few , tonight . '' 
 `` i hope you can , '' i replied with a smirk , my hand inching across the table to take hers again . 
 `` your place or mine ? '' 
 `` yours , '' she replied , drawing closer to me . 
 she did n't have a bag or purse to pick up and i instantly liked that about her . 
 women could be so complicated , i wanted something simple . 
 `` it 'd be better if you were to wake up there . '' 
 `` alright then , '' i wrapped my arm around her waist , which was small and lean but compact with muscle . 
 she leaned in and her lips teased the soft flesh behind my ear . 
 it was all i could manage to not grab her and take her right there . 
 but before we got to the door , i stopped her . 
 `` listen ... i 'm rather well known here . 
 so it 's likely there 'll be a cloud of paparazzi outside . '' 
 `` they 'll forget one night , '' she said , huskily in my ear . 
 `` but you wo n't . '' 
 sure enough , the cameras began flashing as soon as we exited . 
 i put my arm around her neck , pulling her head down a bit to protect her identity . 
 she did n't seem to mind or even notice as her hand slipped under my shirt , indicating things to come . 
 i chalked up the oddness in her speech to the fact that english was clearly her second language . 
 she spoke slowly , and deliberately , looking at me for what i assumed was an indication that i understood her words . 
 still , there was no lack of confidence that usually came with speaking a second language ... no pause of uncertainty or flicker of embarrassment . 
 it was almost as if she was trying to imply a double meaning with everything she said . 
 but whatever that meaning was , i was too lost in her eyes to get it . 
 i felt drunk on the limo ride back , my senses swimming . 
 it did n't make any sense , i had left my drink half untouched . 
 but something about this woman , her accent in the setting sun , turned me into a stumbling teenager about to get his first kiss . 
 we barely made it up to my apartment before the clothes began to come off . 
 i locked the door and pushed her down on the bed . 
 she ran her hands over my body as i struggled to unbutton her dress . 
 i stood up as the sunlight disappeared , causing her to moan . 
 `` just wait , '' i said , heading towards the light switch . 
 `` you 're the most stunning creature i have ever seen and i want to see every inch of you . '' 
 i flicked the light switch on , and my heart almost stopped there and then . 
 `` creature is right , '' she said , with a sneer , showing fangs . 
 she was what i brought home , yet extremely different . 
 paler than before , with dark circles around her eyes , her mouth had stretched as fangs appeared . 
 and those beautiful eyes were now black as night . 
 i stumbled back against the wall , shocked . 
 i felt my breath coming in gasps as i tried to make sense of what i saw in front of me . 
 how much , exactly , had i had to drink ? 
 `` what the ... '' i said , as she got up , approaching me with such slow deliberate movements that i knew i was finished . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` well , liam , i 'm what you are , '' she replied . 
 `` or ... what you will be . 
 you 'll be our ambassador now , and you can never hide . 
 so you 'll keep us safe . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i gasped , reaching behind me . 
 even though i knew it was there , my hand was trembling so badly i could n't open the door knob . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a vampire , liam . 
 and so are you . '' 
 i put my hands up to block her from coming at me , but she was impossibly strong and fast . 
 `` liam , liam , '' she said , as she held my hands in a death grip , almost crushing my bones . 
 `` do n't look so afraid . 
 you were chosen from thousands . 
 with your fame , you will protect our identity forever ; we know you 'll do anything to make sure our secret is safe . 
 because now our secret is also yours . '' 
 the last thing i remembered was the instant pain of her fangs sinking into my neck ; the slow agony as her poison filled my blood . 
 i felt my head hit the ground , and then , blessed darkness . 
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx when i awoke , it was still dark . 
 my head was pounding , my mouth was dry , and i felt like i was coming off a nine day bender . 
 i groaned , dragging myself upwards from my spot on the floor , not entirely sure how i got there . 
 my stomach felt like it was made of acid and i could n't decide if i was ravenously hungry or about to be sick . 
 to be safe , i made my way to my bathroom , my legs unsteady as i leaned against the wall . 
 i was trying to make sense of what happened ; trying to remember . 
 when i turned on the light , however , it all came back . 
 a scream came out of my throat , almost animalistic as i saw myself in the mirror . 
 like her , i was pale as a ghost , my teeth long and sharp , and my eyes dark as night . 
 i looked again , and again , each time unbelieving . 
 `` no . 
 it ca n't be real . 
 it ca n't be real , '' i said . 
 in my pocket , my phone beeped , and i reached for it instinctively . 
 my horror was not at the 69 missed calls , 200 emails and 47 text messages that flashed on the screen . 
 my horror was the date above it . 
 i had lost nearly three days . 
 frantically , i opened my contact book scrolling through it . 
 i wanted comfort . 
 i wanted safety . 
 i wanted someone to explain what was happening to me . 
 but as i went through the names , i realized there was no one i could trust who would believe such a wild tale . 
 i did n't even fully believe it myself . 
 this could n't be real . 
 it had to be a joke , a drug laced trip . 
 perhaps i had drunk more than i should . 
 perhaps i hit my head and my mind was making up stories . 
 but nothing explained my appearance in the mirror or the fact that i craved thick liquid to slurp ; warm and salty . 
 i craved blood . 
 i had to find her . 
 i had to figure out what was happening . 
 i grabbed a pair of sunglasses and a ball cap - the standard garb of celebrities trying to hide . 
 my clothes felt disgusting but i allowed myself no time to change . 
 i hit the pavement quickly , a light drizzle of rain meaning it was mostly empty . 
 my energy burned inside me , and i felt i could walk the five miles to the club ; my last link to her . 
 until i smelled him . 
 there was a man coming towards me , his clothes ripped and his left hand gripped over his right . 
 he was walking quickly , his jaw set in what i guessed must be pain . 
 i could smell the blood coming from the wound on his hand , and i could n't help but stop . 
 `` you ok , man ? '' 
 i asked , clenching my fists . 
 all i could think about was the warm liquid that was pouring from his veins . 
 `` i just got mugged ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` bastard knifed me and took my wallet and phone . 
 dude , do you have a cell phone ? 
 please , i need to call the police . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , sure , '' i said , reaching into my pocket and handing it to him . 
 `` thanks , dude , '' he said , and removed his hand from his wound to take the phone and dial . 
 there were emails with subject lines that revealed my name , and he must have seen it . 
 however , the surprise on his face was not my concern . 
 `` hey , are you ... '' i could n't control my muscles , could n't stop myself from launching forward at him , bearing my fangs and letting out an animalistic growl . 
 we crashed into the alley behind us , his screams echoing through the passage way . 
 with anger i could n't explain , i hit him , my hand connecting so hard with his face , it drew blood . 
 that was too much for me , and my body moved before my mind thought . 
 i sunk my fangs into his neck , and once i started , i could n't stop . 
 it was like i was famished , and this man was a buffet . 
 i drank until his body was dry . 
 drawing back when there was no more blood , i began to shake again . 
 his body lay , drained , in front of me , so obviously dead that i knew there was no point in calling 9-1-1 . 
 tears began to fall down my face , coming in great gasps , and i could n't hold back . 
 i felt sadness and fear wash over me in ways i never felt before . 
 i was cold , the rain soaking through my clothes , and while the external pain of earlier had passed , the tightness in my chest was growing unbearable . 
 the man 's hand still gripped my cell phone , and i reached out slowly , taking it . 
 the battery was dying , although there was probably enough juice left for one call . 
 when i moved to hollywood five years ago , i had n't left my home on good terms . 
 my family thought trying to be an actor was the stupidest move i could make . 
 it was a pipedream full of bad morals and worse behavior , and if i left , i left without their blessing . 
 over the last five years , the angry phone calls from home became shorter , and then stopped coming . 
 they had n't changed their minds . 
 they did n't approve , so contact was cut . 
 and as the glamorous shiny world of fast friends and faster lovers surrounded me , my friends back home eventually drifted out of my life as well . 
 they were n't replaced . 
 no , hollywood was n't a place of a tight brotherhood where you shared things . 
 you shared drinks , and women , and strip clubs . 
 you flashed your money around as fast as you could , and bragged , but there was n't any friendship . 
 i brought the phone to my ear , listening to it ring overseas . 
 there was still one person who had n't abandoned me ; one person , who through it all had told me to follow my dream and listened when i talked . 
 one person who believed every word out of my mouth and gave me the best advice i could have ever received . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 came a voice over the phone , gruff with age . 
 that 's when i lost it ; the tears turning to sobs and hysterics . 
 i could n't talk . 
 i could n't breathe . 
 i was acting like a child instead of a man . 
 `` hello ? 
 who 's there ? 
 liam ? '' 
 i took a deep breath , trying to steady myself for a few moments . 
 `` grandpa ? 
 i need your help . 
 can i come over ? '' 
 i heard a pause over the phone line , and a million questions catch in his throat . 
 but he asked none of them . 
 `` of course , my boy . 
 tell me when your plane gets in . '' 
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx at first , peter did n't believe me . 
 anyone who did right off the bat probably needed help themselves . 
 but it only took one night , one night where he stayed in the room and watched the horrible transformation , to believe every word that tumbled out of my mouth from then on . 
 peter took pity on me and allowed me to escape hollywood ; offering me a job as a teacher at the academy for the rest of the term . 
 i could still be immersed in acting , and yet stay out of hollywood . 
 we found out that alcohol stunned the cravings , as it stunned most of your bodies other senses . 
 and , before we figured out that i needed to be tied up every night if i did n't want to kill anybody , i found porsche . 
 i had stumbled upon a redneck high school party in the woods , a bunch of poor kids with beer kegs and bad wine . 
 drinking from one of them could easily be explained away as an accident . 
 kids will do stupid things and no one is ever sober enough to remember . 
 but just as i was about to make my move , porsche , already 12 years into her dance training and on the brink of her own fame , grabbed me , her confidence enhanced by her popularity . 
 she recognized me , of course , everyone still did , and she knew she wanted to land the superstar at the party . 
 but when she touched me , everything disappeared . 
 my cravings and fangs receded and my body began to warm up . 
 she is one of the most powerful shields to ever live , and she was unclaimed , living in solidarity as well . 
 her identity and skill must also be kept a secret . 
 while supernatural beings can use shields to protect them and even seek them out , shields are also mortal and usually their powers intensify in illness , like porsche . 
 once claimed by a supernatural being - a witch , a werewolf , a vampire - they usually do n't survive past the first battle simply because their mortality stands out in a room full of immortals . 
 i did n't want to go to battle with her . 
 what i wanted was a friend who could understand me and help guide me through this supernatural life . 
 i did n't claim her , did n't take her to a witch to put a binding spell on us . 
 there was no need for formalities . 
 our friendship began on shocked common ground and remained strong on the understanding that we needed each other . 
 it was porsche who told me how to survive as a vampire . 
 together , we figured out everything i needed to know . 
 we figured out when the transformation started and stopped ; we figured out that animal blood could do it , if need be . 
 we managed to separate what we thought were myths about vampires from facts . 
 we could walk in sunlight . 
 we breathe , eat , drink and sleep in sunlight . 
 we are alive in the daytime , only cursed at night . 
 at night , we are immortal creatures with no heart beat or pulse ; just a thirst for blood . 
 the legends were correct in the weapons of our death . 
 wooden stakes through the heart and fire were our bane . 
 decapitation also worked , although that was hard ; with our veins hardening and our muscles turning partially to stone every night . 
 even minor good things , like having a horrid cold during the day and feeling fine at night , did n't cheer me up . 
 selfishly wanting to keep her by my side ; wanting someone to understand , i gave her the first scholarship that was mine to give so she could remain at the school and help me . 
 peter retired at the end of the term , giving me the position of headmaster . 
 he was thinking of doing it anyway , and with my arrival and lack of ability to return , he saw the perfect opportunity . 
 the role of headmaster suited me perfectly . 
 i could teach the classes i wanted , put on the shows i loved , and i was important enough to blow everyone off at night . 
 my reputation as an arrogant egotistic actor only came in handy , as people gave me the space i needed once the sun went down . 
 the reputation at the academy only grew with my presence , and within six months , we were the biggest and the best . 
 we could charge anything we wanted , and people would pay . 
 our productions became on par with broadway and the west end . 
 even when porsche left for the russian national ballet , visiting only occasionally , i thought i would be fine . 
 i had settled into a life that made me happy . 
 i could survive this . 
 i figured out i needed to be locked away . 
 i did n't want to cause a scene anymore ; i did n't want to kill or leave bodies ; or have any more attention . 
 i could live on animals most nights and no one got hurt . 
 except me . 
 and that 's when selene started to show up again . 
 she only came at night when i was locked away feeding on a rabbit or a squirrel . 
 and she was even more irresistible than the first night i met her . 
 by night , both in our demon form , she had power over me as my sire . 
 it was like i was a puppet and she was my master . 
 when she was here , i was under her spell and she owned every inch of me . 
 she asked for the key to the chains and i told her where it was without hesitation . 
 when she appeared , we would roam the streets with my mind under her influence and my hand locked in hers . 
 i would spend weeks in depression after she left ; my human emotions coming strong when the sun rose . 
 covering up those deaths , deaths that i know i caused , was the hardest of all . 
 occasionally , i considered turning myself in and giving the families some peace . 
 but i could n't bring myself to do it ... not with the repercussions it would cause . 
 she chose me because of my power in hollywood , my influence around the world , because she knew i would do anything to protect my image , and she was right . 
 i knew how to cover up media stories and press releases . 
 i knew how to spin a tale to make it seem innocent or accidental . 
 soon , whether i wanted to or not , it was me who was making phone calls , spinning tales , protecting vampires around the world whenever they did anything that could reveal what they really were . 
 there was even a photo of me released one night , taken from god knows where , when i was in vampire form . 
 it was an easy spin . 
 i just claimed it was a makeup test for a new theater role , but it scared me . 
 i became more of a recluse ; throwing myself into the theater , pushing everyone but peter and porsche away . 
 i increased security and never left the grounds . 
 i protected the school and myself every way i could . 
 eventually , selene stopped showing up and i currently was 8 months without her presence - which scared me even more . 
 either she had grown tired of me , or she was biding her time , waiting for a moment whose perfect reason was unclear to me . 
 but whatever the reason , she was n't here and had n't been for months . 
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx as i neared the end of my story , i felt my fangs begin to recede . 
 `` what time is it , amy ? '' 
 i asked , jerking her out of the trance that she had settled into . 
 it had broken my heart to not see a flicker of reaction on her face as she listened and i was becoming increasingly anxious to hear her thoughts . 
 but like a good actress , she hid the emotions she did not want me to see . 
 `` 5 am , '' she replied , glancing at her watch . 
 her voice was dead too , and it nearly killed me . 
 i knew i was transforming back . 
 i could already feel my breath coming stronger and the familiar stirring in my chest as my heart began to beat . 
 `` you must be tired , '' i said , gently , but she still did n't move . 
 `` you should get some rest . 
 it 's been a long night . '' 
 `` it has , '' she said , unfolding herself and slowly rising . 
 `` amy , '' i called , when i finally could n't take it anymore . 
 she glanced at me , her eyes heavy with fatigue . 
 `` it does n't change anything . 
 i ... i ... love you . 
 and i 've never said that to anyone before . 
 ever . 
 amy , there 's a million things that we do n't know about each other , although i would be happy to spend a life time telling you everything . 
 but the thing you need to know right now , is that i spent my whole life alone . 
 i was a teenager in hollywood and i made stupid mistakes , of course . 
 i played the big roles in the movies , but i did n't for one second believe in star crossed lovers . 
 i did n't believe two people were meant to be together , or even could possibly want each other beside one night in the darkness . 
 but then i met you , amy , and everything changed . 
 my whole world fell upside down , even though i was not searching for it . 
 i thought i wanted the darkness , and i found the light instead . 
 i need you , amy . '' 
 i meant it , desperately trying to search her eyes for some flicker of hope . 
 but i saw none . 
 she shook her head , taking a few steps back . 
 `` i need to get some sleep , liam , '' she replied . 
 `` i have class in a few hours . '' 
 `` you can ... not go to class ? '' 
 i offered . 
 `` we can talk some more . 
 anything . 
 anything you want . '' 
 the last thing i wanted was for her to back away and leave . 
 `` no , '' she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to talk some more . 
 i do n't ... i do n't want to talk to you again . '' 
 `` amy ! '' 
 i cried , feeling my heart crack . 
 `` i ca n't do this , liam , '' she said , and i could see the tears in her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you 're immortal ... and i 'm too mortal for this . '' 
 `` that does n't matter , '' i tried to argue . 
 `` amy , please '' `` no . 
 your heart is cursed , liam ; cursed and belonging to someone else . 
 that much is clear . '' 
 she was almost at the door now . 
 i shook my head , wanting to cry out that none of this was true , but words escaped me . 
 `` please leave me alone . 
 please just leave me alone . '' 
 and then she was gone , the door slamming behind her . 
 i heard her footsteps run up the stairs , as if the devil was behind her . 
 and i guess he was . 
 the sadness hit me like a rock . 
 tears pricked my eyes and turned into hysterics . 
 i was so tired and hurt . 
 emotion was controlling me like selene often did . 
 i could n't lose amy . 
 not this way , not like this . 
 a million horrible thoughts poured into my mind , none of them logical . 
 the only one that made sense was a fact : i was alone in this room , and in this world . 
 utterly and truly alone . 
 chapter 12 : amy i do n't think i slept for two days straight . 
 i went to the school nurse as soon as i escaped liam . 
 i needed an excuse to get out of class . 
 luckily , having infected blood is apparently a reason to get out of class anytime . 
 the one obstacle that stood in my way , however , was my father . 
 `` please do n't call him , '' i said to her , as i got my coat , a note clutched in my hand . 
 `` i 'll tell him myself . 
 but really , i just need a day or two to rest . 
 it 's scarier to him if someone else calls him . 
 if i can do it myself , it shows i 'm ok . 
 he 's under a lot of stress right now . '' 
 she sighed and then put down the contact book she was flipping through . 
 `` alright . 
 you 're old enough to make your own choices , amy . 
 but if things get worse you need to come to me right away . '' 
 `` of course , '' i nodded , zipping up my coat and then heading out of the office . 
 now , i was safe . 
 liam would n't come looking for me for days , i knew that , and an official record of an excuse from class meant no one else would either . 
 as long as i still met my dad for lunch , he would n't suspect a thing . 
 i did n't want to do anything but shut myself in my room for days . 
 even though it was impossible to believe , i knew what liam told me was true . 
 there was no other explanation for what i had seen . 
 the way his face had changed in the darkness and then changed again in the light ; the fact that i never saw him after dark ; the way he ran off as soon as the sun was setting . 
 all the facts began to add up and i wondered why i did n't see it before . 
 i could n't deal with this . 
 i could n't handle it . 
 it was almost like , wordlessly , he was mocking me . 
 my mortality loomed with every beat of my heart ... with every beep of my watch to remind me to take my azt . 
 without them , the disease would descend and i 'd be dead in less than a few years . 
 they kept my death at bay but reminded me that the grim reaper was constantly looming over me . 
 i spent a good part of the day angry at him . 
 he did n't think it was something important to tell me when we first got involved ? 
 and still , even the fact that he had been cursed and made immortal did n't seem so bad to me . 
 liam did n't need to sleep . 
 he was only a vampire at night . 
 he had gone from one incredibly successful career to another without so much as lifting a finger . 
 everything had been handed to him . 
 he had never known struggle or poverty , and yet he thought he had the right to complain about his troubles . 
 i paced the room , resisting the urge to throw something . 
 how could i trust anything that came out of his mouth , now ? 
 all those things he had promised me - parts , help , fame , schooling - i wondered if any of it was true . 
 or was i simply a relief for him ; a potential snack that did n't tempt him ? 
 how could i have been so stupid to even think i was talented ? 
 i smelled terrible to him and that 's why he wanted me around . 
 he would rather have me , for his own selfish reasons - to be able to kiss and touch and be around a warm human he did n't want to eat - than choose someone who actually deserved this scholarship and would be good for the school . 
 i was n't about to give it up , of course . 
 no , i decided that late on the second day as i sat on my bed , furiously typing away at my laptop . 
 my disease had given me nothing but trouble , but for one miracle moment it had actually helped me . 
 this was my dream and it did n't matter what the reason was for it happening . 
 i mean , hollywood was all about whom you knew , not what you could do . 
 everyone knew that . 
 so if this was the reason i got here , so be it . 
 liam was n't going to take it away from me . 
 angrily , i slammed my laptop shut and got up , stalking to my bedroom door to check the schedule i had taped there . 
 i had rehearsal first thing in the morning and i decided i was going . 
 he was n't going to take away anything more from me . 
 if my blood got me here , so be it , but my talent was going to keep me here . 
 i was going to try as hard as i could because i knew another shot like this would never happen again . 
 even if i had to do it alone . 
 i picked up my phone and sent an email to my instructors , informing them i would be resuming classes in the morning . 
 there were several messages from sarah . 
 i knew i had ignored her over the past two days . 
 two days was the longest we 'd come without ever speaking . 
 i could n't do it any longer , even if i could n't tell her exactly what was happening . 
 with a sigh , i glanced in the mirror , making sure i did n't look too upset with the world . 
 and then , i pushed the video call button . 
 she answered immediately . 
 `` amy , where the hell have you been ? 
 are you ok ? 
 i was worried ! 
 what 's going on , girl ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said , settling back on my bed with what i hoped was a bored sigh . 
 this was probably my greatest acting challenge to date . 
 and if i was going to keep being an actress , then i 'd better get used to it . 
 `` i 've just been really busy . 
 rehearsal and all . 
 i 'm tired , tell me about you ! '' 
 she grinned , sitting down on her own couch . 
 `` i went to this audition today ... '' as sarah babbled on , i settled my head back against the pillows , listening . 
 normal life had to resume , or at least what was left of it . 
 it had to or i would n't survive . 
 it just had to resume without liam . 
 chapter 13 : amy the next morning , my alarm pierced through the silence at 6am . 
 it was the earliest i could manage to get up and still feel half decent . 
 the dancers often got up at 5am , used to having to go to rehearsals before and after normal schooling . 
 now they were here , they used every waking moment to practise . 
 i knew , however , that i would be the first awake in the drama wing . 
 my fellow actors were the ones who were rushing down the halls to class with less than a minute to spare , on a daily basis . 
 i turned on the shower , relying on the water to wake me up . 
 last night , i had printed a fresh copy of my script , and transferred notes from the mangled one . 
 three days ago , i would have still felt disappointed that liam had gone through with his choice to have someone else play beast for almost all the shows . 
 today , i was glad of it . 
 my new partner , deon , was a senior student , and a great actor . 
 he had been at the school since he was six , and he knew every trick . 
 he was funny , and kind , and took time to explain to me some terms i had not yet grasped in class . 
 we got along well in class , and i knew rehearsal was going to be fine . 
 out of the shower , i dried my hair and applied a bit of makeup . 
 it was n't something i normally wore , but this was the new me ; the me without liam ; the me who could make it on her own . 
 by 7am , i was walking down the halls of the dorms , towards the theater . 
 i barely glanced at the hallway with the nearly invisible door where i had found liam . 
 i could n't change the truth about him , but i could move on . 
 he had n't tried to contact me at all in the past two days , nor had i messaged him . 
 i guessed my dramatic exit had made it clear that i could n't deal with this . 
 i did miss him , of course , although it was hard to admit it . 
 i missed his arms around me , his sweet gentle kisses that came and went too fast when we snuck away to my room on lunch hour . 
 i missed his guidance on my work and rehearsing alone in my room without anyone to point out flaws was starting to send me in a panic . 
 but all that had to be behind me . 
 whatever issues liam was working through were n't mine to deal with . 
 how could i trust him ever again ? 
 i had n't expected to find anyone in the theater at 7 am . 
 i had checked online , and it was n't booked by anybody . 
 the rooms at school were open from 6.30 am until midnight to all students to practise what they needed . 
 bigger rooms , like this theater , had to be booked in advance or used with the understanding that someone could book it at anytime . 
 i had n't bothered , but i had figured no one else would be up this early . 
 and i was right . 
 and so became my routine . 
 up early every morning , before the rest and into the theater just as the janitor unlocked the doors . 
 the script to beauty and the beast became as natural to me as breathing . 
 i had always wondered how it was possible to memorize a two and a half hour play , but i began to see it was easy . 
 deon was a lovely partner , who worked at my pace rather than surging ahead and expecting me to follow . 
 sarah became my confidant again and we spoke every night . 
 i dismissed liam as a ` bad idea that should have never happened ' , and she pretended to believe me , even on nights when i did n't believe myself . 
 and in class , liam behaved like i was any other student . 
 he spoke to me only when i needed direction and he was emotionless . 
 his eyes were dark , cold and distant . 
 we no longer caught each other 's gazes in class , no longer took separate directions just to sneak to my dorm . 
 with liam not taking up all of my time , i began to make friends with my classmates , learning to trust them on and off stage . 
 it was a slow process , of course , to learn to talk civilly to the girls that had shunned me for the first half of the semester . 
 but now that liam ignored me , their jealousy ebbed away , and we soon spent hours giggling in the hallways and reciting the same lines over and over until we were sick of them . 
 the girls showed me websites to submit for auditions on my own , and we often spent lunch hours tailoring each other 's resumes and emailing casting calls to each other . 
 although no one emailed me back , it felt like a good start ; like i could do this on my own . 
 i was happy . 
 i was afraid to admit it at first . 
 i was afraid that things were too good and would disappear as quickly as they had appeared . 
 but even dad began to comment on the change in my manner , my speech and my mood . 
 i was finally living the dream that i had longed for since i first set foot in the academy as a child , and being involved with the headmaster had never been part of it anyway . 
 one morning , however , everything began to change . 
 the strands of the popular pop song reached my ears before i even fully opened the door to the theater . 
 the lights in the audience were off , and the only light on was the main light on the stage . 
 porsche was flying through a dance routine , and attempting to cover the song as well , although her voice was n't quite the same as the pop singer . 
 she looked different than her ballet persona ; her limbs moving with speed instead of slow grace and her red hair was flying all over the place . 
 porsche was gorgeous , in every way that counted , and i briefly wondered if liam had told me the truth about their relationship . 
 or perhaps i had just been a pawn in the game . 
 `` sorry , i did n't know the stage was in use , '' i said , turning to go when she spotted me at the end of the song . 
 she smiled , panting slightly and came to the front of the stage . 
 `` no , no . 
 i have an audition later so i thought i 'd practise . 
 but i would get slaughtered if anyone knew i was taking the stage from students . 
 hop on up . '' 
 she went to get a water bottle , gesturing to me to come up the steps . 
 `` how are you , amy ? 
 i heard you were sick a while back . '' 
 i blushed , looking away . 
 the look that she gave me told me that she knew the full story behind it . 
 `` what are you auditioning for ? '' 
 i asked , changing the subject . 
 she smiled . 
 `` broadway . '' 
 `` but you 're a ballerina ! 
 and a star ballerina ! '' 
 i protested . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` sure . 
 but you ca n't be a ballerina forever . 
 like being a model , you age out of it fast , or you get injured and have no backup plan . 
 in musical theater , there are parts galore for an older crowd . 
 so once ballet is over , i can continue to dance . 
 and maybe sing . 
 but i doubt it . '' 
 `` it sounded good , '' i offered her an encouraging smile . 
 `` are you here to teach too ? '' 
 porsche guest taught the dance classes whenever she was in town , often jet-lagged and right off a plane . 
 her life was something i could only dream of , and it gave me hope , that even with a beeping watch reminding me to take my pills , i could still have a good career . 
 `` possibly . 
 auditions can take five minutes or keep you waiting two hours , so it depends when i get back . 
 i 'm hoping to be back in time for the five o'clock class , but the audition is at three , so who knows . '' 
 `` wow , '' i said , awed despite myself . 
 `` are you excited ? '' 
 she shrugged again , reaching to tie her hair back . 
 `` the average working performer goes to ten auditions before getting one job , so you ca n't dwell too much on all of them . 
 my stats are a little higher , maybe one in five , but still not a reason to put all my eggs in one basket . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said as i reached the stage . 
 `` i guess my stats are about 1 in 1 right now . '' 
 `` the only audition you 've done is for here ? '' 
 she asked , surprised . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really , '' i shrugged . 
 `` stroke of luck . 
 or ... a little more '' `` you have to come with me ! '' 
 she said abruptly , and my mouth hit the floor . 
 `` what ? 
 no , i ca n't . 
 i mean , i have n't submitted , i have n't rehearsed , i do n't even know what it 's for , i do n't have a resume , i do n't ... '' `` i 'll make a call . '' 
 liam 's deep voice surprised me from the wings . 
 he approached from stage left , and unconsciously , i froze . 
 i was n't quite sure what we were supposed to say or do now . 
 `` that is n't necessary , '' i managed , finding my voice . 
 despite the fact that his voice was kind , it made me angry . 
 i did n't need any more hand outs . 
 it was the first time we had spoken one on one since it happened . 
 mostly , he just barked directions at me from across the stage , and i obeyed them without answering . 
 `` this industry is all about whom you know , amy , '' porsche said a gentle smile on her face as she came to stand beside me . 
 `` and getting your foot in the door , however you can . 
 lots of people are talented , so you have to stand out . '' 
 `` but ... '' i started to protest . 
 `` if you did n't come here to try and succeed , why did you come ? '' 
 liam 's voice had taken on that cold distant chill that i used to know him so well for . 
 there was no warmth between us , no light , and no connection any more . 
 `` who 's the casting director ? '' 
 he addressed porsche without so much as meeting my eyes . 
 `` it 's shannon , '' she said , taking another sip of her water . 
 `` which means she will needlessly remind me about the time i tripped in front of her ? '' 
 `` at least she 'll see you , '' there was the warmth i remembered , but it was n't directed at me . 
 `` amy , you 'll go with porsche after your english class this afternoon . 
 if you 're feeling up to it . '' 
 his eyes bore into me , but i held my ground . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i said . 
 `` just for an acting call , '' porsche tried to reassure me . 
 `` we wo n't force you to be a triple threat yet . 
 use the monologue you did for beauty , it 'll be perfect . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded , my heart hammering in my chest . 
 i knew he was right . 
 they both were . 
 this industry was as much about whom you knew as what you could do . 
 so , deciding to take the high road , i nodded . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` what am i calling shannon for ? '' 
 liam said , just as he turned to leave . 
 `` she 's probably casting 80 things right now . '' 
 `` gatsby , '' porsche replied , rolling her eyes . 
 `` i told you about 60 times . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and you think you 'd be a good daisy buchannan , then ? '' 
 `` no , but myrtle wilson played by porsche de ritter has a nice ring to it . '' 
 she winked at him , and he sighed , heading out . 
 `` break a leg . 
 and amy ? '' 
 he barely looked at me . 
 `` try not to waste the whole day telling everyone . 
 you have school work to focus on . '' 
 `` i 'll do that , '' i replied , trying hard not to glare after him . 
 he did n't look back , strolling off as if he had said a pleasant goodbye . 
 when the tension in the air cleared with his exit , i cleared my throat . 
 `` gatsby ? '' 
 i turned to porsche in shock . 
 `` that 's a huge production ! 
 everyone in the school submitted for that at least twice . 
 i think i submitted three times . 
 is n't it set to star a hollywood superstar as gatsby himself ? 
 and that 's shannon valirie casting it ? 
 did n't she cast wicked and phantom and ... '' i could barely catch my breath . 
 `` sure is , '' she grinned . 
 `` you read it ? '' 
 `` i read it at home , by myself . 
 i know the story . 
 but ... '' `` then you 'll do fine , '' she replied . 
 `` most actors have so many auditions they show up without a clue , anyway . 
 but do n't focus on that now . 
 you came here to rehearse something else , i think . '' 
 `` i did , '' i nodded , but suddenly , beauty and the beast did n't seem so important . 
 the day went by in a blur . 
 it took every ounce of concentration i had to not think about it . 
 even though i managed to get through class and rehearsal and no one asked why i was actually like a space cadet , i still could n't help but watch the clock every ten seconds . 
 at least watching the clock kept me from watching out for liam . 
 it still happened , much to my annoyance . 
 i found myself quickly searching a room for him , or my heart skipping half a beat when he walked in . 
 if our eyes happened to meet , they still lingered for half a second , but now , they held no warmth . 
 at exactly 2:55 , i met porsche at the front of the school . 
 `` do you think this is ok ? '' 
 i asked , gesturing down to my outfit . 
 `` i mean , do i have time to change ? '' 
 `` they want to see you , not your wardrobe . 
 you look fine , '' she assured me , placing a hand on my shoulder . 
 it was only then that i noticed the band-aid on her arm . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i asked , pointing to it as we began to walk . 
 it was a 25 minute walk to the audition studio . 
 `` sure , '' she shrugged , pulling her sleeve over her hand and putting her thumb through one of the fashion-placed holes in the cuff . 
 `` a little infection a couple days ago . 
 nothing that an iv would n't take care of . '' 
 `` i know that story . 
 you 're still on azt , right ? 
 nothing yet ? '' 
 `` i am , '' she looked to me . 
 `` it 's nice to have someone who actually understands the medical jargon . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i nodded , giving her a grin . 
 `` it is . '' 
 porsche took a deep breath , looking me up and down before continuing . 
 `` it does n't really matter anyway . 
 i 'll live my life and then when it comes to its natural end , liam turns me . '' 
 i knew that . 
 in the back of my mind , i had known that about her . 
 he had told me . 
 but hearing her say it out loud was still shocking . 
 `` but why would you go through all of it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` once the disease descends into full blown aids , it 's going to be brutal , and we all know that . '' 
 `` because i will have all of eternity to be immortal , '' she replied . 
 `` and a very short time to remember what being mortal is . '' 
 i did n't really know what to say to that , how to continue this conversation . 
 it was surreal to be talking completely seriously about vampires . 
 `` he 's a good person , amy ... '' she started , and that 's when i caught her off . 
 `` i really do n't want to talk about it , porsche , '' i snapped , shaking my head . 
 `` it happened , and it 's over . 
 and it 's a lot more complicated than him simply being ... what he is . '' 
 `` i get that , '' her voice was still gentle , despite my tone . 
 `` well , you do n't , because you get to be immortal when it 's done , '' i replied . 
 she glanced at me , sharply . 
 `` and you want that ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 the thought had never even crossed my mind . 
 `` can we talk about something else ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she looked away and despite our agreement , we lapsed into silence until we hit the audition studio . 
 it was small , smaller than i had been expecting , and there were very few people in the waiting room when we walked in . 
 `` professional auditions are smaller , '' porsche told me , as she signed us in . 
 `` you usually have to have a resume a mile long and be personally known by the director . '' 
 `` lucky me , '' i said , as i took a seat . 
 the other two people in the waiting room were beautiful male actors , probably not much older than me . 
 i was grateful for the fact that we did n't have to sit there with someone competing directly with us , and so i settled in comfortably , watching them warm up . 
 `` are you guys dancers ? '' 
 i asked when i had caught their gaze one too many times . 
 `` yes , '' one of them , the more beautiful of the two , i felt , nodded . 
 he had dark hair and light blue eyes that contrasted beautifully with his dark skin . 
 `` are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` she is , though , '' i said , indicating porsche , who uncrossed her legs and smiled , although it was tight lipped . 
 `` braedon and i know each other , '' she said . 
 `` braedon , this is amy , the scholarship winner of the academy this year . '' 
 `` well , well , well . 
 looks like liam is still picking them pretty , '' he held his hand out to me , and i shook it , but immediately felt uneasy . 
 there was something about the way he looked at me that i did n't like , as if he were judging me . 
 i felt myself sit up straighter . 
 i may have gotten here on a scholarship , but i had talent too . 
 if there was one thing i still trusted about liam , it 's that he would n't have thrown the school to the wolves by casting a horrible actor even if i had n't been the best one . 
 porsche had been right about the waiting . 
 it was agonizing . 
 despite being the only four in the waiting room , it was over and an hour and a half before someone appeared at the door . 
 exiting just ahead of her was another group of what appeared to be dancers , tired and sweaty . 
 `` alright , next group ? 
 dancers , you 'll be at dance call for two hours , so if you need to call anyone , do it now . '' 
 `` wait for me ? '' 
 porsche asked , as she stood , putting her stuff away . 
 `` you 'll probably be called in and done before me . '' 
 `` uh ... sure , '' i said , shrugging . 
 she was just about to leave when she turned back . 
 `` shoot . 
 amy , be a dear and text liam , tell him i certainly wo n't be able to teach today , '' she said it without even waiting for an answer . 
 if she had gotten one , however , it would have been a frustrated growl from me . 
 and i 'm sure she knew that . 
 this was a set up . 
 i slid my phone out of my pocket , scrolling down the contacts . 
 liam was still saved as ` lover ' , lest anyone find my phone when i left it lying around . 
 my heart was hammering more than before . 
 the nervousness of the audition combined with the fact that i now had to make contact with liam . 
 the only audition i had even done was with him and the only acting advice i had ever gotten was through him as well . 
 doing all of this alone was weighing heavily on me . 
 at the last second , i hit call instead of sms and brought the phone up to my ear . 
 it rang once , twice , three times , and i was hoping it would go to voice mail when liam picked up . 
 `` hi , it 's amy , '' i said , the words tumbling out . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he sounded annoyed and i could hear the background noise of the school hallways . 
 `` porsche just went in for dance call , so she wants me to tell you she wo n't be able to teach tonight . 
 and i 'm uh ... still waiting . '' 
 my heart was beating so hard that i could barely get the words out . 
 i felt sweat dripping down my back and i knew my voice was trembling . 
 i was frustrated at myself for feeling this way , but no matter how many calming thoughts i tried to think , nothing was helping . 
 `` ok , '' liam sounded gentler now , and the noise in the background faded . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 `` um , yeah . '' 
 suddenly , i did n't want to hang up on him . 
 i did n't want to shut out his voice . 
 `` thank you . 
 for this . '' 
 `` not a problem , '' he replied , and i heard a note of concern . 
 `` if you do n't feel like walking back , amy , please do call me , i can certainly arrange for you to be picked up . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . '' 
 but even listening to him was slowing the beat of my heart . 
 i heard a noise and looked up , to see someone standing at the door again , looking directly at me . 
 `` got to go . '' 
 i hung up the phone abruptly , shoving it into my pocket . 
 `` are you amy ? '' 
 the woman at the door asked , and i nodded . 
 `` come right this way . '' 
 `` sure , '' i squeaked out , standing up . 
 i followed her down a winding hallway , which seemed endless . 
 she did n't say a word to me , did n't turn back to make sure i was right behind her . 
 i closed my eyes as we walked and tried remember the lines to the monologue i had burned into my brain . 
 she opened a door , leading me into a small room . 
 behind a table were three other people ; two men and a woman . 
 `` sorry for the wait , we needed to see a bit of the dancers first , '' the other woman said , reaching out to shake my hand . 
 `` i 'm shannon . 
 it 's nice to meet you . 
 i saw your submission a week ago and thought you looked like a perfect daisy . 
 but i did n't realize who you were . 
 people . '' 
 she addressed her panel . 
 `` amy is the new scholarship winner at leopard academy . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 they gave me a smile and i felt anger flare . 
 was that how i was going to be referred to the rest of my career - as a by-product of liam 's success ? 
 perhaps letting him get me this audition was not such a good idea . 
 if shannon had liked my look , had she been planning to call me anyway ? 
 i scanned my memory quickly , trying to remember if i had left my phone off at any point or forgot to check my junk email . 
 `` and what do you have prepared for us , amy ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' i passed , taking a deep breath . 
 `` a monologue , one that we are working on in school . '' 
 shannon waved her hand , indicating i should head to the center of the room and start . 
 starting was the hardest part , and it took several breaths before the words came out of my mouth . 
 but once they did , they flowed . 
 i knew this monologue , i knew beauty 's emotions and feelings as well as i knew my own . 
 the fact that the people were unfamiliar to me and that the staging was different did n't bother me . 
 i leapt into it , not holding back anything . 
 make strong choices . 
 liam 's motto echoed in my head , and when i finished , i found myself on the ground , beauty 's tears pouring from my eyes . 
 there was a silence from the panel , and then they nodded . 
 `` thank you , amy . 
 we 'll be making our choice in the next few days and will be in touch . '' 
 `` uh ... that 's it ? '' 
 i asked , surprised . 
 `` no cold read ? '' 
 `` that 's all . 
 you 're still in school , right ? '' 
 shannon asked , and i nodded . 
 `` yes , but ... '' `` so if we 're interested , we 'll talk to liam . 
 thank you . '' 
 she gave me a look that clearly indicated i was to leave . 
 i got up , turning my back quickly . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , rushing out of the room . 
 my heart was running marathon again , and i was n't sure how to feel . 
 i knew auditions were supposed to be like that , but that one felt wrong . 
 i had caught to condescending tone they had used when referring to me as the scholarship winner ; that i had only gotten before their panel by liam 's influence . 
 and they clearly were n't impressed by that . 
 porsche was another half hour , and the silence of the waiting room almost killed me , the thoughts running through my head like wild fire . 
 `` how 'd it go ? '' 
 she asked , when she came out . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they did n't let me do anything besides the monologue . 
 and they looked at me like i was a reality show winner . '' 
 `` ah , amy it does n't mean anything , '' she shrugged . 
 `` shannon 's just like that . 
 she knows talent when she sees it . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 i just want to go home , '' i replied , gathering up my stuff . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she checked her phone , and then picked up her own coat . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 once we were outside , the cool breeze hit me like a calming wave . 
 `` i just ... i do n't know how to feel . 
 schizophrenic is probably the right answer . 
 one second , i was happy to be there , and the next second , i was angry for not getting it on my own . 
 and then i was ... '' `` life of a performer , '' porsche said , with a shrug . 
 `` a different emotion every second and it 's never half-assed either . '' 
 `` i just ... i wish i had gotten it on my own , '' i said , and she draped an arm around my shoulders . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 the important part is they saw you today . '' 
 `` right , '' i replied , although i did n't believe her . 
 the sun was just setting when we got back to school , half way down the horizon . 
 porsche bid me goodbye at the entrance , heading to the dancer 's wing to spend the night . 
 i thanked her and turned in the opposite direction , glad for the chance of silence . 
 it did n't last long however . 
 liam was stalking down the empty hallway with haste , and i knew exactly where he was going . 
 as much as i wanted to ignore him , i could n't . 
 i nodded to him as we passed each other , and he nodded back . 
 already , his eyes were dark and he was pale , and i knew he did n't have long . 
 i thought i would escape without a word , leaving him to enter the half hidden door , when suddenly he called out to me . 
 `` amy ! '' 
 rolling my eyes , i back tracked a few paces . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` the door 's locked . '' 
 he jiggled the handle a few more times . 
 `` damn peter , that forgetful sod . '' 
 i glanced out the window . 
 the sun was almost set , and i could see it in liam 's face that he did n't have much time . 
 `` uh ... '' `` please go to reception and ask them for a spare set of keys . 
 tell them it 's for me , i 'll call ahead . '' 
 the condescending tone of the scholarship winner was still in my head , and part of me did n't want to help him . 
 but he met my eyes , gritting his teeth , and i could see the pain of transformation already taking place . 
 i nodded and headed swiftly down the hall . 
 getting the key was no problem . 
 students got locked out all the time and needed the master key . 
 i brought it to liam within minutes , and he took it , gratefully . 
 `` did it go well today ? '' 
 he asked , as he slipped it in the lock . 
 `` yeah , except for the part where they sounded like they would have called me in anyway . 
 they treated me like a reality show winner , liam . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow as the door opened . 
 `` but they saw you , '' he said . 
 `` and they saw your talent . '' 
 `` that 's what porsche said . '' 
 i replied , and he smiled . 
 for a moment , that smile floated me back to a time when things were different . 
 `` well , she 's a smart one . 
 it 's just the way shannon is , '' he shrugged . 
 `` and talent like yours deserves to be seen , amy , no matter how you get there . '' 
 `` by lying and pretending to be someone i 'm not ? '' 
 i accused him , and he glared at me , handing me back the key without another word . 
 we held each other 's gaze a moment , and then he slammed the door in my face . 
 rolling my eyes , i went to hand the key back to reception . 
 i wanted nothing more than a hot shower and sleep . 
 but , as i walked back to my dorm room , a part of me glanced back where i had left liam . 
 regardless of what they would have done , i had my first professional audition today , a dream come true , and it was because of him . 
 sighing , i locked my door and headed to the shower . 
 dreams did n't always come true the way you wanted them to . 
 chapter 14 : liam my phone rang at 8am , just as i got out of the shower . 
 porsche was sprawled across my bed , still fast asleep , so i grabbed it and headed back into the bathroom . 
 since she was here , last night 's transformation did not involve chains and a basement cell the entire night . 
 instead , we had driven over to the big city , and taken advantage of a night club that would not miss a few pieces of riff raff . 
 i had n't had a party night like that in quite awhile , and it felt good to return to the life that had made me . 
 but when the lights came on at the club , and the afterhours club closed their doors , we had no choice but to make our way back home ; leaving me only enough time to shower and change before i was expected in morning classes . 
 porsche , however , informed me she had nowhere to be , and climbed into my bed . 
 oh , to be human again . 
 my head was still pounding from the loud music and the booze ; keeping the cravings at bay just long enough to lure someone outside . 
 there had been no bodies last night , only semi-drained victims that would find their way to a hospital . 
 but i still felt more energized than i had been in a long time . 
 human blood gave me new life as the sun rose . 
 my human companion however , had seemed the opposite . 
 normally , my antics when i was half drunk and high on blood kept her in stitches . 
 but last night , she seemed nothing but annoyed with me , playing on her phone and refusing the long line of partners who lined up , wanting a dance with her . 
 when the sun finally began to rise , she practically dragged me to the car , mid-transformation . 
 the hour long ride back had n't been much fun either . 
 her mood had gotten to me , and while i felt energized , i found the atmosphere that had once made me so happy did n't do a thing for my attitude . 
 the endless supply of women and booze did n't feel like quite the reprieve it usually did , and i was glad to finally return to the school . 
 `` hello . '' 
 my voice came through a bit louder than i intended , and i turned on the tap to drown it out . 
 `` liam , darling , it 's been too long . '' 
 `` hello , shannon , '' i said , glancing at myself in the mirror . 
 years ago , shannon had cast me in a few movies before moving back to her first love , theater . 
 i did n't particularly like her . 
 she was full of attitude and ego ... but then , so was i. `` i got your pint size package yesterday , '' she said , and i could hear her flipping through papers on the other side of the phone . 
 `` very impressive . 
 when she walked in , i thought for sure there was only one reason you 'd pick her . 
 but she 's got some talent as well . '' 
 `` do you really think i 'm so shallow , shannon ? '' 
 i asked with a smirk on my face as i reached for a towel to rub my hair dry . 
 i put the phone down , pressing speaker phone and turned off the tap . 
 `` that i would put the whole school in jeopardy to cast a pretty girl ? '' 
 `` that 's the liam i know , '' she replied , and it made me set my jaw . 
 she was right , of course . 
 beautiful women were what got me into this whole mess in the first place and i 'd once rather have a blond on my arm that could n't form a sentence than a bespectacled brilliant nerd . 
 `` and so , since you know me so well , what 's the answer to the question you are about to ask ? '' 
 i wrapped the towel around my waist , spraying on some cologne . 
 `` the answer is of course , yes . 
 i 'm going to take gatsby on the tour circuit in two months . 
 rehearsals start next week . 
 amy can join the chorus . '' 
 `` as an understudy ? '' 
 i asked , leaning against the counter . 
 `` no , just a chorus girl - for the party scenes and such . 
 she 'll have a few lines , maybe . 
 but i 'll bill her as on loan from your school - it 'll be good publicity for the academy . 
 we 'll do a whole ` introducing ' thing , as if your school turns out students directly ready for the professional world . '' 
 `` if rehearsals start next week , she wo n't be on loan , '' i replied , calculating how many days were left in the term . 
 `` this is her final semester here so she 'll finish the final show and then leave with you ... and i do n't know if she 's ready , shannon . 
 there was talk of her being here another year . 
 you know how it is with people who peak too soon . '' 
 `` or she wo n't be the first to drop out of school for a show , '' shannon purred . 
 `` full union rates , full contract . '' 
 `` right , '' i glanced up at the mirror . 
 i looked fully human now , if not a little tired , but i felt like i was walking through a fog . 
 i squinted , trying to focus . 
 shannon was right , of course , the publicity with that kind of announcement would launch this school to a whole new level of success . 
 it was peter 's dream to bring the school to a level where it would be recognized as the best training academy in the world . 
 and it would be a convenient way to sever ties with amy . 
 my chest ached at the thought of her . 
 she was angry and cold , but i was no better . 
 her judgemental actions had ripped my heart out , and i cursed myself for getting involved . 
 how could i have thought that someone in this damn world would actually understand enough to be able to look past it ? 
 the truth was , i was still the hollywood hunk and that 's all they ever wanted . 
 if it came with complications , women took off faster than a jetpack . 
 if she was gone from the school , and i confirmed it now , then i killed two birds with one stone . 
 i 'd be free of the awkwardness every time we saw each other and the school would soar to a new level of success . 
 i could replace her as beauty in an instant . 
 `` i 'll talk to her , '' i said as i opened the door . 
 to my surprise , porsche was stretched on the floor in the splits , her dancer 's body fully folded over as she stretched . 
 she glanced at me , and i raised an eyebrow , watching her . 
 she looked pale in the dawn light , her jaw set as her limbs contorted into poses only a dancer could pull off . 
 `` hey , i also sent you porsche de ritter . 
 she 's a dancer . 
 my first scholarship winner . '' 
 `` i remember her . '' 
 shannon replied , and her tone dropped . 
 porsche glanced at me , and i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm holding dance call backs next week and i 'm going to call her back . '' 
 `` porsche 's the prima ballerina at the russian national , '' i snapped , my tone reflecting the look porsche gave the cell phone . 
 `` are call backs really necessary ? '' 
 `` i 'm worried about her stamina , liam . 
 skinny little dancers like her can pull off a grand ball but 8 shows a week is a different matter . 
 even in the audition , it raised a red flag . 
 talk to your girl and get back to me by tomorrow . '' 
 `` right , '' i hung up the phone then , and crossed my arms , leaning against the bathroom doorway . 
 `` did she want amy ? '' 
 porsche asked , as she slowly drew her limbs in . 
 `` forget amy , what 's going on with you ? '' 
 i did n't miss the look of pain on her face as she came back into first position . 
 `` i 've been up all night , liam , relax . '' 
 `` well , you were n't up all night when you auditioned , so why is shannon going on about a lack of stamina ? '' 
 i asked , heading to my dresser to pull out clothes . 
 `` uh , '' porsche replied , sitting on the bed and rotating both her ankles with her hands . 
 i heard her joints pop from across the room and gave her a look . 
 `` because shannon is a helpless liar who will say anything to get her way and you know it ? 
 i swear , if she did n't have so much power , i would never even look at her again . '' 
 `` porsche ... '' my worst fear , looking into her face , was that she would do something incredibly stupid , which i knew she was capable of . 
 she wanted to be human , i understood that . 
 but insisting on waiting until her dying breath to be changed into a vampire was one of the stupidest moves she could make . 
 we were n't always together . 
 we could n't be and i feared that one day , something would happen and i would n't be able to get to her in time . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 `` i know that all dancers age out and i 'm jet-lagged , running on about an hour 's sleep . 
 so you need to stop worrying . 
 now , did they want amy ? '' 
 `` they did , '' i said , pulling on a shirt . 
 `` for a chorus role though . 
 rehearsals start soon , and then the show is on tour , so she certainly wo n't have another year here . 
 but shannon is willing to do a partnership agreement . 
 it 's an amazing boost for the school . 
 it could help give us what we need to actually rank as top in the world . '' 
 `` and you wo n't have to awkwardly stare at each other in class , '' she pointed out , standing up . 
 `` industry break ups are always awkward . '' 
 `` it 's not awkward , '' i snapped , turning to distract myself . 
 `` she 'll stop looking at me like a lost puppy dog , and the school will get a boost . 
 win . '' 
 `` except killing herself at rehearsal there , when she has a lead role here too , to just play a chorus girl and possibly get stuck there forever , is n't the best advice in the world . '' 
 porsche went to her purse , rummaging around for what i assumed were her pills . 
 `` did you think of that ? '' 
 `` i ca n't hold their hands ! '' 
 i protested , turning back to her . 
 `` i got her the audition , i got her the contact , and the rest is up to her . 
 i need this for the school ... whether she 's stuck in the chorus forever or not . '' 
 `` she 's better than that . '' 
 the dancer replied , quietly . 
 `` and she does n't have a lot of time to waste in the chorus . '' 
 `` that 's not really my concern . '' 
 i said , trying to ignore the look she was giving me . 
 porsche met my eyes , reading my face without even trying . 
 `` you do n't want her to go , do you ? '' 
 she asked , not seeming surprised at all . 
 i scoffed at it . 
 `` of course i want her to go . 
 why exactly do i want a judgemental clingy teenager hanging around here ? '' 
 i asked , and porsche smiled slightly . 
 `` you do n't remember when i found out about you ? 
 shields are n't supposed to ally themselves with anyone . 
 we 're brought up to believe vampires are terrible evil creatures . 
 it took me awhile to get over my prejudices and beliefs about you too . '' 
 `` you did n't run screaming from the room in terror , either . '' 
 i said . 
 `` making me feel like i was some sort of monster . '' 
 `` we 're all some sort of monster . '' 
 she pointed out , and we fell into silence a moment , locking eyes . 
 eventually , i looked away , not wanting to address the fact that she could read me like an open book . 
 `` now , are you going to teach for me today , since you 're taking up space ? '' 
 porsche rolled her eyes , swallowing the antiretroviral meds without water , and rising , heading to the shower herself . 
 `` whatever , liam , '' she replied , but the slamming of the door told me she meant much differently . 
 i rolled my eyes , letting the towel drop to fully get dressed . 
 she had a point of course . 
 shannon did have a tendency to make sure her chorus performers felt lower than the ticket takers at the theaters they performed at . 
 and beauty and the beast would be attended by scouts across the country ; the year end show always was . 
 but at the moment , thinking of how amy had bolted from the room that night , i really did n't care . 
 i tried to rationalize with myself , jogging my memory of all the people i had seen fall because they were thrown into the world too early . 
 they had shown too much promise at an audition and were given a lead role in a professional setting without training or discipline . 
 their talent faltered , their stamina failed , or they got too used to the easy money and fell down the wrong path . 
 the industry was a hard world to live in and if you did n't come up slowly , your peak would also be your downfall . 
 except i could n't forget the memory of her audition . 
 she had stood out from the crowd and it was more than just the way she looked , or the way she smelt . 
 amy had the most raw talent that i had ever seen . 
 from the moment she opened her mouth , i was mesmerized , barely able to get the lines out myself . 
 and classes were just awkward . 
 porsche was right . 
 i had to resist not meeting her eyes to give her a special glance ; resist not looking forward to lunch time when we used to meet . 
 her supple lips nearly killed me every time she licked them . 
 and the memory of her body , lean and smooth , as my hands had run over it , was almost enough to make me groan out loud . 
 i finished buttoning my shirt , and ran a bit of gel through my hair , satisfied with the reflection in the mirror . 
 the sooner i was rid of all of this , the better it would be for all of us . 
 chapter 15 : liam `` are you serious ? '' 
 i had called her into my office to deliver the news of the phone call . 
 shannon had faxed over the contract , clear in her assumption that we would accept . 
 `` yes , you wowed them , just as you wowed me , '' i replied , but there was no warmth in my voice as i said it . 
 she narrowed her eyes , watching as i got a pen and put the contract in front of her . 
 `` what about next year ? 
 i thought that it was pretty much decided i would get an extra year . '' 
 `` well , now you wo n't , '' i snapped , trying to hide the nagging feeling in my chest . 
 raw talent was just half the game . 
 everyone knew that . 
 `` but still , this is huge , '' even if we were n't really on speaking terms , her happiness was flowing out of her like a river . 
 and i felt bad not offering her more advice . 
 she wanted help , and that 's what i was supposed to be there for . 
 `` so you accept ? '' 
 i asked , and she looked up , detecting the tone in my voice . 
 `` of course i accept . 
 why would n't i ? '' 
 `` no reason , '' i said , with a shrug . 
 `` only that it 's a small role . 
 and i know shannon . 
 she 's not particularly fond of people rising through the ranks . 
 and , if you take this , you 're gone . 
 there 's no coming back here if you find hollywood too nasty for you . '' 
 `` but it can be done . 
 aaron douglas was an extra for years before he was a lead . 
 and so was ricky gervais , '' she replied , listing off names on her fingers . 
 `` i can do it . 
 and i can do it on my own , liam . 
 they would have called me in for an audition without your influence . 
 they told me so themselves . '' 
 `` and you believe everything the audition panel tells you ? 
 that alone screams that you have no idea what the industry is like , amy . 
 if they do n't like you - you make one wrong move - they 'll drop you and blacklist you faster than you can cry for help . 
 and sometimes , you do n't even know you 've made the wrong move . 
 for god 's sake , you did n't even know that when the panel said ` thank you ' they meant ` goodbye ' . 
 in the mock auditions , you stood there like a deer in headlights until your instructor dismissed you . '' 
 `` that 's not true , i knew that ! '' 
 she protested , glaring at me . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i looked over at my wall , glancing at anything that would keep me from meeting her eyes . 
 `` then sign it . 
 once the announcement is official , and they do n't back out , we 'll credit you for graduation here . '' 
 `` do you think ... '' suddenly i heard the doubt in her voice . 
 i looked up and saw all traces of anger were gone , as she looked over the contract and then back at me . 
 `` do you think it 's a bad idea ? '' 
 i sighed , looking back at her . 
 `` you can do whatever you want , amy . 
 you 've been doing that all along . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 her eyes flared angrily again , and i cocked an eyebrow at her . 
 i almost smiled as i realized how alike we were ; this constant back and forth of extreme emotions tumbling out faster than we could get a hold of them . 
 `` do you want me to make my own list ? 
 you left your father when he wanted the best for you at home . 
 you chose to pursue a career that one out of every million make it at when you had a hundred other options . 
 you 're now choosing a gig that is peanuts . 
 and you ... me ... '' i sputtered , unable to control my anger . 
 `` just sign it and leave , amy . '' 
 her eyes widened , and i saw fear in them , for the first time . 
 i had never seen her look at me with true fear ; not like this , not even on the night i revealed myself to her . 
 `` i 'll read it myself and get it back to you later , '' she said standing and taking the contract . 
 `` i trust i 'm allowed to do that , without you holding my hand ? '' 
 `` go , '' i flicked my wrist at her , indicating the closed door . 
 without another word , she picked up her bag and left , making sure to slam the door on her way out . 
 i buried my head in my hands , sighing . 
 two women slamming doors in my face within the space of two hours had to be some sort of record . 
 why in the world was this proving to be so difficult ? 
 a year ago - hell , even six months ago - i would n't have thought twice about selfishly sacrificing anyone if it meant i could be freed from this hell i was living in . 
 but whether i liked it or not , amy had changed something in me . 
 if the school got the boost it needed , i could settle back into easy retirement , live off the money it made and never have to deal with humans again . 
 i would secure everyone 's future . 
 but i also knew amy would go far if connected with the right people , and shannon was the opposite of the right person . 
 shannon 's performers became trapped with her , often taking the easy way out and staying in her shows forever ; always hovering as a working actor ; right below fame . 
 amy was right , though , if anyone could break free of that trap , it was her . 
 still , working for shannon was better than being stuck in school , and i knew that was a fact . 
 amy had to face challenges all her life and i knew she would be strong in the face of this one . 
 after all , i had gotten out of shannon 's ` curse ' , i did n't believe i was anywhere near as talented as amy was . 
 i sighed again , rubbing my hands with my face . 
 there was , of course , the real reason i had let my anxiety about the situation slip . 
 i did n't want her to go . 
 i tried to convince myself i did , a thousand times , but i did n't . 
 i did n't want her to fly away forever , and never come back to me . 
 despite what had happened , the way she had made me feel when we were together was something i would likely never forget . 
 she had changed something in me . 
 she 'd made my soul come alive again . 
 i was n't going to hold her back . 
 i was n't going to let my fears slip through again . 
 she knew what she was doing and i could n't deny that i knew she had the talent to go far . 
 so if this was to be the end , so be it . 
 i had to let her go . 
 chapter 16 : amy i closed the door before sinking to the floor in my room . 
 tears streamed down my cheeks . 
 i tucked my head down against my knees , sobbing as if my heart would break . 
 there were so many things i was feeling , it was impossible to figure out why exactly i was crying . 
 i was excited . 
 i was scared . 
 i was hurt . 
 i had never expected to get the role , and i thought i had n't wanted it without liam 's help . 
 but talking to him just before going into the audition hall had given me the calm i needed to carry on , and i 'm sure i could n't have done it without him . 
 and before all of this , i had looked forward to another year here . 
 i was still stumbling with what ` stage left ' and ` stage right ' meant , trying to remember they were the opposite of the normal view . 
 i had just learned that ` corpse ' meant to break character , not to fall down dead , during a scene . 
 and i still felt like there were a million things going through my head . 
 and liam ... he had been so harsh . 
 it was clear he wanted me to go . 
 he wanted me to leave the school . 
 i had n't realized how much i missed him until he called me into his office and the memories we had in there came flooding back . 
 a very small part of me had hoped he was calling me in to reconcile . 
 i did n't care what he was now . 
 it did n't matter to me . 
 he was what he was , and i accepted that . 
 but the distance that had grown between us seemed too great to ever cross ; to go back to the way things were . 
 and why else had i come here if not to pursue my dreams ? 
 this is exactly what i wanted to do with my life and here it was , being offered to me on a plate . 
 i would be an idiot not to take it ; not to move forward and leave this school forever . 
 wiping my tears away , i went to take a sip of water and look over the contract . 
 i was to be a chorus girl with few lines and the possibility of more as the show went on . 
 it signed me on exclusively for three years which seemed like a long time , but maybe that was normal . 
 the show 's run was to be a year , so maybe it would be extended . 
 opening my desk drawer , i slipped the contract in , and headed to the bathroom , splashing water on my face . 
 it was time to head to rehearsal for beauty . 
 i could deal with this when i got back . 
 i locked my door , and headed down the hallway . 
 my mind was still back in liam 's office , replaying the situation over and over again . 
 i was so stuck in the moment that i did n't notice the woman standing in front of me until i bumped right into her . 
 `` oh my god , i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 i said , as i stumbled back . 
 she was beautiful , tall and long limbed , with dark hair and dark eyes that were exotic looking . 
 when her eyes met mine , i took a step back . 
 i went to a school full of beautiful people and she was possibly one of the most beautiful women i had ever seen . 
 `` it 's alright , amy . '' 
 when she spoke , her words curled around her tongue , a liquid french accent pouring out . 
 `` one such as you has a lot to keep her pre-occupied . '' 
 `` how do you know my name ? '' 
 i asked , surprised , and she smiled slightly . 
 `` everyone knows the scholarship winner , '' she said gently . 
 `` you are famous around this school . '' 
 `` oh ... uh ... thank you , '' i said , blushing . 
 `` can i help you ? 
 are you lost ? '' 
 `` no , '' she shook her head , a twinkle in her eye . 
 `` i am an old friend of liam 's , merely here to observe . '' 
 of course you are , i thought , a rush of anger flooding my veins . 
 there seemed to be a lot of beautiful women floating around this school who were ` old friends of liam 's . ' 
 glancing at my reflection in the window beside us , i wondered how i could have ever competed . 
 with my eyes red from crying , and my hair in a messy pony tail , i felt like a hot mess compared to this beautiful woman . 
 that 's fine i thought , trying to keep my face neutral . 
 liam can have his harem of women now that i 'm out of the picture . 
 `` alright , well ... '' i said , looking past her to the door where i needed to go . 
 `` it was good to meet you ... '' i paused , realizing i did n't know her name . 
 `` selene , '' she said , extending a long arm with long elegant fingers , perfectly manicured . 
 `` selene . '' 
 i shook it , surprised at the coolness of it . 
 my palms were sweaty in comparison , and i was annoyed that it seemed every aspect of this woman was perfect . 
 `` i really have to get to rehearsal . '' 
 `` of course , '' she said , nodding . 
 `` best of luck ... break a leg . 
 is n't that what they say here in the theater ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i gave her a small smile . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 brushing past her , i headed down the hallway . 
 i pulled open the door to the theater and hurried inside . 
 chapter 17 : amy i woke up about three hours early on the day of my first rehearsal with shannon . 
 even though i had only slept for a few hours , i felt wide awake . 
 yesterday , in preparation , i had gone into the registrar 's office for show my valid contract and sign the school 's agreement for ` premiere performers ' . 
 it was a program put in place to deal with the school 's working performers . 
 it allowed students working in the industry to come in and out of lessons as their schedule permitted , provided that it did not interfere with the rehearsal schedule of the school . 
 that was liam 's one policy . 
 he believed you could catch up with everything else , but rehearsal , where you learned the most , was not to be missed . 
 so i was to attend shannon 's rehearsals every morning , and liam 's beauty and the beast every afternoon ; making up class work on the weekends . 
 my father was appalled at first at the schedule and worried about everything . 
 to my surprise , it had been liam who had come to my rescue . 
 `` what amy needs for her acting career now is not more lessons . 
 she 's miles ahead of even the senior students in the school . 
 now she needs experience and contacts with the right people , '' he said to my father during a private meeting . 
 `` that was what this school was always designed for , and that is what we can give her . 
 amy is already well ahead of her mandatory credits . 
 she was home schooled well and could have graduated a year early , i 'm sure . 
 her graduation and education are of no concern . 
 she would be the first choice of any college in the country . '' 
 dad had hesitated , but when he saw my midterm report , he relented . 
 i knew he did n't agree with my dreams of being an actress , although i could see it in his eyes that he would cross that bridge when he came to it . 
 at the moment , his primary concern was my graduation . 
 however , when he left , i could only give liam a look . 
 `` i 'm not doing you a kindness , amy , '' he said , responding to my raised eyebrow . 
 `` i was simply telling the truth . '' 
 `` that 's a first for you , is n't it ? '' 
 i snapped , and he could n't quite hide the wounded look on his face . 
 for a moment , i felt bad about it . 
 i had n't meant to snap at him like that , but it seemed every time i got close to him or someone near him , another thing came out that i did n't know about . 
 this was n't how relationships were supposed to be , and i knew it . 
 his face hardened a second later and he turned away . 
 `` i 'll see you at rehearsal tomorrow . '' 
 `` right , '' i replied and left . 
 getting into the shower and letting the warm water wash away my fatigue , i scrubbed my hair thoroughly . 
 i wanted everything to be perfect for my first day of rehearsal . 
 i chose to wear all black because i did n't know what my character would be like , and i slipped into my comfortable black sneakers . 
 i pulled my hair back , but did full makeup and made sure my nail polish was n't chipped . 
 then , to finalize the look , i added a beanie hat and aviator sunglasses that i had gotten in a discount sale . 
 now , the image looking back at me was that of an actress ; an artist . 
 i dreaded going to beauty and the beast rehearsal this afternoon ; hearing liam 's voice command me from some dark corner of the auditorium . 
 all i wanted was to go to gatsby rehearsal and stay there forever . 
 i left twenty minutes earlier than i needed to , resolving to walk slowly and take my time . 
 i had the script tucked under my arm and my headphones connected to my cell phone . 
 in my excitement and need for distraction , i video-called sarah as i walked . 
 `` amy ? '' 
 her face popped up on the screen , although it was blurry and dark . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i replied . 
 `` it 's my first gatsby rehearsal today . '' 
 `` that 's great , but uh , time change ? '' 
 she said , settling back on her pillows . 
 `` you could n't have called me on your lunch break ? '' 
 `` by lunch i 'll be either awesome or dead on the floor , '' i said , looking up briefly to make sure i knew where i was going . 
 she sighed , and then smiled , propping herself up more . 
 `` so ? 
 have you memorized your lines ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 all four of them , '' i said , looking both ways and then crossing the street . 
 `` but i mean ... it 's not the number of lines you have , it 's the number of scenes you 're in . 
 and i 'm in a lot . 
 in the background , but still . '' 
 sarah laughed quietly , and then reached over to her nightstand to get some water . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll be great . 
 they cast you , did n't they ? 
 so it 's not like they do n't know how talented you are . 
 man , i ca n't believe this is happening to you , i 'm so jealous . '' 
 `` do n't be , '' i said . 
 `` because as soon as i get in good and make connections , i 'll slip your name in . '' 
 `` sweet , '' sarah grinned . 
 `` hey , what about the ballerina ? 
 porsche ? 
 did they take her , so at least you 'll know someone there ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' i looked up to narrowly miss a lamp post . 
 `` if they did , i do n't know about it . 
 dancers are usually separate anyway . '' 
 `` do n't worry , you 'll make new friends , '' sarah promised . 
 `` what did liam say ? '' 
 `` he said ... '' i averted my eyes , looking elsewhere . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it does n't matter anymore , does it ? '' 
 `` you miss him , eh ? '' 
 sarah asked and i shrugged . 
 `` i miss ... having someone to talk to . 
 i mean , you 're a million miles away and i ca n't always just whisper something to you . 
 and with liam , everything felt so comfortable , like we could read each other 's minds . 
 they call it chemistry in this industry . '' 
 `` and what else do you miss ? '' 
 sarah quirked an eyebrow at me , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` shut up , '' i said , and she laughed . 
 `` look , amy , i 'm exhausted . 
 call me if you have a nervous breakdown , hopefully on your lunch break . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i was only a few feet from the studio now and my excitement was building . 
 i opened the door to the rehearsal building , trying to calm myself . 
 i was breathing like i had just run a marathon and my heart was racing a million miles a minute . 
 with shaky hands , i reached into my purse , pulling out a water bottle and taking a sip . 
 finally , i ducked into the washroom , redoing my hair and applying lip gloss . 
 when i was only 5 minutes early , i emerged , heading to the huge rehearsal hall where i could hear voices talking . 
 i was stunned by the amount of people crowded into it . 
 they were separated into two groups and one of them was clearly more confident than the other . 
 i quickly realized that the less confidant group was probably the one i belonged to , full of extras and crowd fillers . 
 in the middle of the room , however , was what caught my eye . 
 belonging to neither group , the dancers flexed and stretched into impossible positions . 
 they were the most gorgeous of the two groups , their bodies lean and toned and their faces glowing as they moved . 
 in the center of the room , i recognized the two guys from the audition , although their names escaped me . 
 to my delight , porsche was there as well , watching as one of them helped another girl with a twist . 
 she stepped forward , giving advice and demonstrating with her own twist , which was flawless . 
 not knowing anyone else , i stepped forward . 
 `` hi , '' i said , when there was a break in movement . 
 porsche turned , smiling at me . 
 `` hey amy . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 `` good . 
 i did n't know you were going to be here . '' 
 `` first rehearsal , everyone is , and then we separate later . 
 your stuff goes over there , '' she pointed to a corner where about a hundred bags and coats were gathered and i realized everyone was unburdened . 
 sheepishly , i nodded . 
 `` sure . 
 what are ... what are you guys for ? 
 are you like extra talented parts of the crowd ? '' 
 i asked and she smiled , with a shrug . 
 `` kind of . 
 gatsby is an extravagant man who throws lots of parties where performers entertain his guests . 
 it 'll be the first time it 's done this way - part musical , part ballet . 
 makes the show a hell of a lot longer , but apparently better . '' 
 `` cool , '' i said . 
 shannon came into the room , accompanied by her own entourage . 
 silence followed and i was aware that i was the only one making noise as i scrambled to my stuff away . 
 she gave me a look , and i nearly dropped my bag , hustling over to the group of crowd fillers . 
 finally , when i was standing quietly , she spoke . 
 `` let 's go from top to bottom and see what we come up with . 
 no interruptions . 
 divide yourselves up . '' 
 those were the only instructions she gave . 
 everyone seemed to be scrambling , knowing what to do . 
 i looked around in confusion , and then reached out to grab porsche as she went past . 
 she winced on instinct , pulling her wrist back instantly . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , are you hurt ? 
 i just did n't know what to do , where do i go ? 
 how can we run the show when it 's first rehearsal ? '' 
 she took my hand , pulling me to the other side of the room . 
 `` this is the way shannon works . 
 you run it in first rehearsal , do what feels right , and then she 'll base it off what your character does , '' she hissed at me , reaching down to pull up her sleeve . 
 to my horror , i saw it was raw where i grabbed it . 
 `` porsche , are you getting ... '' i trailed off . 
 lesions were an advanced sign of aids , and there was no way she could be that sick already . 
 `` no . 
 i slipped during a step , that 's all , '' she pulled her thin sleeve down with a shrug . 
 she did n't seem concerned , and i let it go , remembering that even if she was , it did n't matter . 
 liam would give her immortality . 
 bitterly , i turned my attention back to rehearsal . 
 i had no idea how i was supposed to proceed . 
 my character only had 4 lines in the show , and all of them seemed to make her a fan-girl of gatsby . 
 i played them over and over again in my head as i watched the scene go by . 
 the first crowd scene , and my first line , was in the second scene . 
 i decided that if my character were a fan girl of gatsby , then she would always try to be close to him . 
 when the scene changed , i fixed my eyes on gatsby , who was actually incredibly attractive . 
 with dark hair and dark eyes that sparkled , he had natural warmth about him and a fantastic smile . 
 it was not difficult to pretend to be obsessed with him . 
 `` oh , mr. gatsby , '' i said when the time came , making sure i was right beside him . 
 he kept moving though , and so i decided to follow . 
 `` you truly are the greatest host , and your parties are soooo much fun . '' 
 `` stop ! '' 
 to my horror , i heard shannon 's voice . 
 looking over to the table , where the panel sat , i saw her standing up , and she did not look happy . 
 `` uh ... '' i froze . 
 `` amy , do you know what upstaging is ? '' 
 she asked , sternly , and i nodded . 
 `` you are a crowd filler , amy , not the center of attention . 
 you are a chorus girl , not a lead , so blend into the chorus . 
 say your line from the back and if no one , especially gatsby hears you , then all the better . '' 
 `` but ... '' i said , and shannon sighed . 
 `` be part of the background noise . 
 what you have to say is n't important . '' 
 my cheeks were burning as i nodded . 
 i kept my head down , but i could feel that everyone was staring at me . 
 i desperately wanted shannon to start the rehearsal again . 
 when she finally did , i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 my next line came after nearly half an hour . 
 following instructions from last time , i hid in the back . 
 i had been excited about this line , because one of the leads would be speaking to me , over the crowd . 
 `` oh , mr. gatsby is over there . 
 you ca n't miss him , '' i said , quietly . 
 `` amy !!! '' 
 shannon 's voice came again and i turned , stunned . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` nick caraway is asking you an important question . 
 nick is a lead and i ca n't hear a word you are saying . '' 
 `` but you said ... '' i answered , confused . 
 shannon rolled her eyes . 
 `` amy , if you ca n't figure out how to build character , then perhaps you need to stay at school longer . '' 
 i heard snickers around me , and i ducked my head . 
 tears threatened to fill my eyes . 
 `` right , '' i muttered and shannon sighed , sitting back down . 
 `` continue . '' 
 it seemed everything i did was wrong . 
 i was taught to never have my back to the audience , yet shannon screamed at me when i did n't turn properly to leave . 
 i thought i was supposed to be gatsby 's biggest fan , but we never even crossed each other 's paths . 
 by the end of the rehearsal , i wanted nothing more than to collapse into a ball and cry . 
 everyone was glancing at me , yet no one said a word to me as i gathered my stuff . 
 i turned to see if porsche wanted to walk home with me , but she was deep in conversation with the other dancers . 
 zipping up my coat , i headed out the door alone . 
 my phone was blinking with several messages from sarah , wanting to know how it went . 
 ignoring them , i shoved my hands into my pocket , ducking my head against the wind . 
 the weather seemed a lot more miserable this afternoon , but perhaps that was just my attitude . 
 i felt so lost and confused . 
 no one else needed to be corrected in their actions . 
 i thought i knew what i was doing , but it was clear i was well out of my depth . 
 i grabbed some lunch in the canteen quickly , a quick sandwich that i unwrapped and ate in the hallway . 
 i did n't even want to talk to my dad . 
 i was grateful to slip into the familiar theater , at school , and clamored on the stage where i knew my place . 
 liam and deon were already there , with the rest of the cast . 
 they had started half an hour earlier , allowing me time for lunch . 
 one of the stage assistants was reading my lines , and i tapped her on the shoulder . 
 she smiled and nodded , and i turned my attention to the scene . 
 `` the soup is delicious . '' 
 `` only the best for you . '' 
 they said in unison , and i burst into laughter , the first time i had laughed all morning . 
 with liam doing only one show , and directing the rest , i knew he was n't as strong on the lines yet . 
 clearly , they had decided to do a run through . 
 sitting on the stage , as they were n't going through formal blocking , i fed them lines and let them reply together ; each one helping the other when they got stuck . 
 they sounded like a two headed dragon , and the rest of the theater was soon giggling along with me . 
 `` i love you ... beasts , '' i said , with a grin on my face as i closed the scene . 
 the rest of the cast burst into applause . 
 even liam met my eyes and smiled . 
 it was the nicest we had been to each other in weeks , but i could n't help it . 
 i felt so relieved to be here and not screamed at every four minutes . 
 `` thank you , deon , '' liam said . 
 `` that helped , a lot . '' 
 `` it got a pretty good reaction . 
 let 's do the shows like that . '' 
 deon replied as he wandered over to me . 
 `` hey amy , how would you like to be double-teamed ? '' 
 `` whaaa ? '' 
 my jaw fell open and he grinned , offering me a hand up . 
 `` how was rehearsal with the pros ? '' 
 `` i do n't really want to talk about it , '' i said , and liam looked over . 
 the concern in his eyes was prominent , and it was a look i had n't seen in a long while . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 i was tempted for a moment not to tell him , but it all came tumbling out . 
 `` everything i did was wrong . 
 shannon did a full run through and told us to do what ` feels right ' . 
 but apparently everything i did felt wrong to her . 
 she called me out every second . '' 
 `` shannon has some strange ways , '' liam said . 
 `` no one else i know has ever done that . 
 do n't worry about it , amy , doing something like that will come with time . '' 
 `` but i. . . '' 
 `` she cast you and she does n't even cast the chorus unless they are amazing , '' he assured me . 
 `` thanks , '' i replied , quietly . 
 we met each other 's eyes for a moment and i could n't help but feel the urge to reach out and touch him again . 
 then the moment was broken by the flickering of the stage lights . 
 `` so today is going to be a bit different , '' liam said , as the rest of the cast gathered around . 
 `` we 're running out of time , and i admit part of that is my fault . 
 so we 're just going to do a run through , scene by scene , once with deon and then once with me . 
 it 'll help all of you , because you get two chances to work on things . 
 now , i know deon and i play very different beasts . 
 so i want you to react differently to each of us . 
 just do what feels right , and i 'm positive it 'll be just fine . '' 
 his eyes met mine again and i smiled , softly . 
 `` how late are we going to go tonight , with two run throughs ? '' 
 someone asked , and liam answered without ever taking his eyes off mine . 
 `` i guarantee you 'll be done by sunset , '' he said , and i could n't help but smirk . 
 we met eyes , sharing a private secret , and just for a moment , i moved my mouth , baring fake fangs at him with a hiss . 
 he struggled to contain his laughter . 
 `` alright , deon , let 's have you go first so that i can have a bit more time to frantically memorize . '' 
 he said , and everyone laughed as he shooed us off stage to our respective places . 
 `` i sure hope he 's serious about finishing by sunset , i have an audition tonight , '' deon said , as he stood beside me in the wings . 
 `` i 'll bet you money we 'll be done by sunset , '' i said , turning to him . 
 `` what 's your audition for ? '' 
 `` tv , '' he said . 
 `` it would conflict , but i 'm not going to get it . 
 one role , open call . 
 every actor in the area will be trying . 
 i 'm just going to practise auditioning for when we 're out there in the real world and have no choice . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` although apparently you needed no pro audition practice . '' 
 `` there 's some sort of stigma attached to winning a scholarship here , '' i replied . 
 `` and it could be good or bad . '' 
 `` looks like it 's good in this case , '' deon said , as the lights dimmed and the opening music started . 
 they were very different beasts , as liam had mentioned , but i felt like it gave me more freedom . 
 i tried a few things , timidly at first , and then with more courage the second time as liam nodded approvingly at me . 
 this rehearsal felt so much better , my character flowing through me . 
 at the end of the last scene , liam took my hand , turning me towards the nearly empty audience . 
 `` the multi talented amy , ladies and gentlemen , '' he said , and they applauded . 
 i blushed , taking a clumsy curtsy . 
 `` alright , that 's it for today , '' he said , clapping his hands . 
 `` everyone out and lock the door behind you . 
 amy , stay a bit longer to go over a few things ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' i glanced at the setting sun , raising an eyebrow . 
 he held my gaze pleadingly , and so i shrugged . 
 i guessed what was coming , but i was in too good of a mood to care . 
 i sat on the edge of the stage , dangling my legs and saying goodbye to the rest of the cast . 
 when we were finally alone with the door locked , he spoke . 
 `` you were spectacular today , '' he said softly , and i just shrugged , watching the sunset out of the window . 
 `` well , at least for half the day . '' 
 `` amy , '' he came to sit beside me . 
 i could already see the beginning of the transformation in his face . 
 `` i was n't there , although i 'm sure i will hear it from shannon later . 
 but i will say this : your talent is beyond belief and everyone knows it . 
 i have never seen anyone with such natural talent and ability . 
 if your technical skills are a bit rusty , then that 's fine . 
 most performers train for years before getting their first job . 
 you know this industry is more than just talent . '' 
 `` i just felt ... like a fish out of water , '' i said , sighing . 
 `` everything i did was wrong . '' 
 `` did she ever call you out on your acting ability ? 
 or just your technical skills ? '' 
 `` just tech , '' i said , and he nodded . 
 `` see . '' 
 a silence fell over us , and i turned to face him . 
 i could already see his fangs starting to grow . 
 `` do you want to go ? '' 
 i asked , and he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` no . 
 if you 're alright , i 'd like to keep going . 
 but only if you 're alright , amy . 
 because you being tired may help me , but not you . '' 
 realizing he was talking about the quality of my blood at the moment , i took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm tired , but ... why ? 
 ca n't we do this in the morning when you 're not ... '' `` the show runs at 8pm at night , amy , '' he said . 
 `` under the beast makeup , i 'll be in full transformation . 
 so i have to get used to feeling this way now . '' 
 `` what about when you 're the prince ? '' 
 i asked , and he smiled . 
 `` i 'll have my own private dressing room , and porsche the multi-talented will do my makeup . '' 
 `` but with all those ... humans ... in the audience ... '' i said , and he stood up , grinning . 
 `` i have two ways around that . 
 the first is that yes , there will be private citizens and media in attendance . 
 but they will be sold seats in the back row and even then , the prices will be so high , barely anyone will come . 
 it 's a media stunt , that 's all . '' 
 `` and the front row ? '' 
 i asked , and he grinned . 
 `` it 's being billed as a charity event . 
 rich snobs will purchase a ticket to donate to a child ; a sick child who wants more than anything to see their favorite actor up close and personal . 
 win win . '' 
 i laughed out loud . 
 it was genius , even i had to admit it . 
 with rows and rows of excited , infected children , liam would be fine . 
 `` but what 's the second way ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 he smirked , going to his bag on the stage . 
 from it , he pulled a bottle of wine . 
 `` booze , my dear , is the solution to all the world 's problems . '' 
 `` classy , '' i said , getting up . 
 around other people , i would have to control my sarcasm , but i felt liam always knew when i was being funny and not being hurtful . 
 liam smiled , taking a mock bow . 
 `` do you want some ? 
 or perhaps ? '' 
 he reached into his bag , pulling out a bottle of water . 
 i took the water , unscrewing the cap . 
 `` a toast . 
 to the magic of theater , '' he said , and i grinned , clinking my bottle against his . 
 `` the magic of theater , '' i said , and we drank . 
 we rehearsed until 10pm , although as it got later , it mostly became conversation and giggling , exactly what i needed after a horrid day . 
 liam went through the whole bottle of wine , and by 10pm , i could see it was time for me to go . 
 `` shall i call someone for you ? '' 
 i asked , as we finished the scene . 
 `` i really should get to bed . '' 
 `` like the phantom of the opera , i can make my way to my cave through the bowels of the theater , '' he said , reaching out to kiss my hand . 
 `` ok then . 
 as long as you do n't go strangling people with nooses or obsessing over chorus girls . '' 
 i did n't draw back as quickly as i should have . 
 `` chorus girls can be very enticing , '' he whispered , meeting my eyes . 
 i stood rigid , fighting hard against giving into the feelings that i knew we both shared . 
 the warmth was back , the sparkle , and i knew it . 
 `` thank you , my dear , '' he said . 
 `` not all would put up with what you have put up with . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' i reminded him softly , meeting his eyes . 
 `` i ran away , remember ? '' 
 `` i do , '' he whispered . 
 the pain tracing his eyes made me look away . 
 but as i did , i suddenly noticed a pale face at the door of the theater . 
 i screamed , my muscle 's freezing . 
 liam grabbed my arm , startled and half pulling me behind him as he looked in the direction i was staring at . 
 he laughed then , heading to the switch board to push the button to open the theater . 
 `` it 's only porsche , '' he said , laughing as he let her in . 
 `` porsche , my beloved russian import , what can we do for you . '' 
 she looked tired , her backpack over-stuffed as she strode down the aisle to the theater , waving a paper at liam . 
 `` i 've just checked the ticket list for opening night , your night . 
 we 've sold out . '' 
 my jaw dropped and i clapped my hands like a child . 
 `` oh my god , that 's amazing . '' 
 `` wait , '' liam waived his hand in my direction to silence me . 
 `` why do you look unhappy , then ? '' 
 `` because an anonymous benefactor bought up every ticket we had left , and donated them to the leukemia treatment center , as well as the center of blood diseases . '' 
 `` so ... is n't that exactly what we wanted ? '' 
 i looked from one to the other , confused . 
 porsche shook her head . 
 `` the tickets were purchased from france , and signed 's ' . '' 
 `` selene , '' liam growled and i perked up , suddenly remembering the woman i met in the hallway . 
 from the dark look on liam 's face , his origin story came back to me . 
 the beautiful dark french woman in the club who cursed him . 
 `` she 's here , '' i blurted out and they both turned to me , shocked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she 's here . 
 i met her , in the hallway , a few days ago . 
 she was looking for you , liam ... i 'm sorry , i did n't make the connection at all . 
 but she fits your description . '' 
 liam hissed , baring his fangs , and i took a step back . 
 porsche took the steps two at a time , immediately grabbing his arm . 
 in seconds , i was amazed to see his fangs recede and his face start to gain color again . 
 `` whoa , '' i breathed , staring at him as the dark circles receded and he began to look human again . 
 `` that 's what shields do . '' 
 porsche gave me a tight lipped smile . 
 `` among other things . 
 we 'll go to a supernatural party sometime and i 'll show you . 
 liam ? '' 
 `` have you seen her since ? '' 
 he asked , turning to me and at once seeming sober , his eyes focusing on my face . 
 `` no ... '' `` you think she knows ? '' 
 porsche asked and liam shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 amy , shannon offered you residence right ? 
 all of her performers get put up in a hotel if they need . '' 
 `` yeah but i live here , '' i said and liam shook his head . 
 `` i 'll tell her you need to stay there to focus . 
 she 'll love it . '' 
 `` you think i 'm in danger ? '' 
 i asked and liam took a step forward , taking my hand . 
 the three of us made a strange chain of support . 
 `` i think i want to be extra cautious . 
 this is my mess , not yours . '' 
 even though the words were not meant maliciously , they stung . 
 he was reminding me that i ran when he needed me . 
 i felt horrible , my chest aching with despair . 
 liam had been nothing but supportive to me , and now , he was taking care of my safety before even his own . 
 `` you stay in the hotel until we figure out what this bitch wants . 
 porsche ... '' `` i 'm staying with you , '' she said , and he gave her a look , but said nothing . 
 `` amy , i want you to go straight to your rooms and pack whatever you need for the next week . 
 the school has been on lock down for four hours and it 's dark , so she ca n't wander unnoticed . 
 she would never do anything that sloppy . 
 go now , and i 'll be there shortly , after i call shannon . '' 
 `` but ... '' i started , and he waved his hand . 
 `` go . 
 please , amy . '' 
 his eyes pleaded with me and i nodded , grabbing my bag and hurrying out of the theater . 
 my heart was hammering as hard as this morning , but i realized one thing : i trusted liam . 
 chapter 18 : liam as soon as amy left , i turned to porsche , who had already begun to talk . 
 `` do you think she 's just hanging out again , or she 's jealous ? 
 if she knows about you and amy , then ... '' `` she 's probably just checking in , '' i replied , moving away . 
 as soon as i did , i felt the pain of transformation return . 
 `` listen , porsche , you should go too . '' 
 `` no , '' she replied , crossing her arms . 
 `` i 've been here every other time , why would i disappear now ? '' 
 `` because it was ... different before . '' 
 i gritted my teeth as i felt my heart stop pounding . 
 after all these years , it was still a shock . 
 `` you 're not as strong as before , porsche . '' 
 `` and you know as well as i do that a shield 's power increases as their human body fails , '' she replied . 
 `` we really are an idiotic creation . '' 
 `` porsche ... '' i sighed . 
 `` if something happens and i 'm not nearby ... '' i took a step closer to her . 
 `` maybe we should just do it now . '' 
 `` no , '' she shook her head . 
 `` not yet , liam . 
 i still have some life left in me . 
 i do n't need you . '' 
 `` yet , '' i said , with a soft smile . 
 `` yet , '' she agreed . 
 `` but amy does . 
 and i could be blind , mute and dumb and still see that there is something happening between you two again . 
 call shannon . 
 i 'll compromise with you . 
 i spend all day at rehearsal anyway , and all night with you . 
 i 'll do double duty and keep you both safe . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said , careful not to touch her . 
 if selene was looking for a fight , i did n't want to lose my vampire form . 
 `` anytime , '' she grinned . 
 `` now , go get her and i 'll take her over . 
 selene wo n't be able to find her if i take her . '' 
 `` even if she does , she 'll be repulsed by the smell of you two . '' 
 i replied , and porsche lightly punched my shoulder . 
 `` go . '' 
 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx the phone call was quick . 
 shannon rolled her eyes so loudly i could hear it and told me where the performers were staying . 
 i snuck down the corridors , careful to stay in the shadows , and knocked on amy 's door . 
 it opened immediately , and she stood there , bag in hand and ready to go . 
 `` what about my dad ? '' 
 she asked , and i winced . 
 `` it 's best no one knows , '' i said . 
 `` listen , porsche is going to be your escort all day , ok ? 
 one of the effects of a shield is that a vampire ca n't track you if you are touching her . '' 
 `` that 's why you two are so touchy , '' amy said . 
 `` whenever i saw you two together ... she was always touching you . '' 
 `` invisibility cloak , '' i said , taking amy 's hand and leading her down the hallway after she locked her door . 
 `` at their most powerful , they can shield a whole theater just by sitting there . 
 reduce everything in it to human . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 she asked and i looked down . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` when are they at their most powerful ? '' 
 i swallowed , looking both ways before going down another hallway . 
 i was trying to pick the least populated corridors . 
 `` when they are dying . 
 that 's why chronically ill shields are great , they are always powerful . 
 they gain the most power at the minute of their death both to protect their masters and , after death , to have the power transferred to the next in the blood line . 
 they are a stupid creation . '' 
 i echoed porsche 's words . 
 `` so powerful and yet wiped out in one stumble . '' 
 `` are you her master ? '' 
 amy asked , flatly , and i shook my head . 
 `` deals like the one porsche made with me are usually the reason for a life of service ... but we never made any oath or anything . 
 it 's just an understanding . '' 
 `` liam , '' amy said , stopping suddenly . 
 `` you are n't going to do that to me , are you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 we were almost to the front entrance and i did n't want to stop . 
 `` if something happens to me ... change me ... '' `` amy , '' i turned to her , shocked . 
 `` i would never do this to anyone who did n't wish it . 
 i would never go against your wishes . '' 
 `` because ... i mean ... i 'm sick too , '' she whispered and i cupped her face in my hands , drawing her close . 
 to her credit , she did n't flinch . 
 `` not unless you asked , amy . 
 i will never hurt you . '' 
 she bit her lip , nodding , and we stayed a moment like that ; looking into each other 's eyes . 
 finally , she broke away . 
 `` there 's porsche . '' 
 `` right , '' i pulled her closer , and then without thinking , kissed her . 
 she , to my surprise , kissed back . 
 `` be safe , amy . '' 
 she nodded , finally breaking my grasp to go to porsche . 
 the dancer nodded to me . 
 `` i 'll take care of her . 
 it 'll be fine tomorrow . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll see you at rehearsal , '' i said , even though i was n't sure i quite believed myself . 
 `` go . '' 
 watching the two women in my life walk away into the night was probably one of the hardest things i had ever done . 
 with a deep breath , i turned back to the school , which was powered down for the night . 
 i went back down the hallway to face the darkness on my own . 
 after all , this was my battle . 
 i ducked into my office , locking the door and opening a bottle of gin . 
 it was going to be a long night and i might as well have some company . 
 chapter 19 : amy porsche pulled me along the sidewalk to the hotel at an alarming rate , chattering away as if we had just left a party . 
 `` it 'll be ok , amy , really , you 'll see . 
 it 'll help for when you graduate . 
 you ca n't live at the school forever . '' 
 i nodded , trying to make sense of what she was saying . 
 `` do you live in a hotel in russia ? '' 
 `` ballet dormitories , fully furnished , '' she replied , with a shrug . 
 `` and fully serviced . 
 very luxurious . '' 
 `` right , '' i said , looking over my shoulder as the school got smaller and smaller . 
 `` do you think liam will be alright ? '' 
 `` he 's just over-reacting , '' she said . 
 `` really , selene is just annoying . 
 she does n't usually fight . 
 now , do you have everything ? '' 
 `` i forgot my azt , '' i said , suddenly , patting my pockets . 
 i turned , but porsche pulled me back . 
 `` i have some . 
 wow , bonding , '' she said . 
 `` you can borrow . 
 now , let 's go . '' 
 `` do n't you need it ? '' 
 i asked , and porsche winced , shaking her head . 
 `` nope . 
 let 's go . '' 
 the hotel the performers were staying at was lovely - far better than anything i had ever stayed at with my father on our rare family vacations . 
 porsche checked me in , and led me towards the elevator , all without letting go on my hand . 
 `` they probably think we 're lovers , checking in for a night of passion , '' i joked , trying to keep the mood light . 
 she eyed me . 
 `` would n't be the first time . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i said and then stopped , realizing what she was telling me . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` is that a problem ? '' 
 she asked , and i shook my head . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 i just thought ... you ... and men ... men stare at you all the time . '' 
 `` either works for me , '' she said , leading me out of the elevator . 
 `` although it 's not a well known fact . '' 
 `` i wo n't tell anyone ! 
 wow , porsche , you 're the most interesting person i know , '' i blurted out as we reached my room . 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 're dating a vampire , '' she pointed out . 
 `` dated . 
 past tense , '' i countered as i stepped into the room . 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 she asked , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` good night , amy . 
 sleep well . '' 
 `` you 're not staying ? '' 
 i asked , shocked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` double duty . 
 back to school to deal with your undead headmaster . 
 slash boyfriend . 
 slash vampire . '' 
 she handed over her pill bottle and then , nodding , she closed the door . 
 i was alone in the room , with only distant voices coming from another room to keep me company . 
 i was n't going to cry , not this time . 
 porsche was right . 
 this would be good for me , and good for liam and me to not be so close together . 
 i had to leave school sometime , and what better time to do it than during my first professional production ? 
 i got ready for bed , popping the pills she had given me . 
 out of curiosity , i looked at the label . 
 `` porsche caroline de ritter '' it said . 
 so porsche was her real name and not just a cheesy dance name . 
 the dosage was the same as mine . 
 we could practically be pill buddies . 
 what surprised me was the date . 
 prescribed : september 2012 . 
 refills : 0 . 
 this was only a 3 month supply . 
 so either she had switched doctors , prescriptions ... or the more likely option : she was done . 
 porsche was no longer in hiv positive status . 
 she was in full blown aids and they were n't working anymore . 
 i sat down , staring at the bottle . 
 knowing that meant so many things to me . 
 she had immortality , i did not . 
 her transformation would change our status . 
 to my surprise , tears sprung to my eyes . 
 vampire or not , the first real friend i made here , who understood , was going to die a lot sooner than i was . 
 and i 'd be alone . 
 alive and alone . 
 hot tears poured down my face . 
 i did n't have any memories of my mother , only feelings of warmth and comfort and safety . 
 i had seen pictures and they were like looking into a crystal ball and seeing my future . 
 no matter whether it was 10 , 20 , or 30 years down the line , it was coming . 
 i curled under the blankets , my tears staining the pillow . 
 my head began to pound , and i closed my eyes . 
 this was a nightmare ; all of this was a nightmare that i never wanted to wake up from . 
 but it was reality , and it was mine . 
 i waited for sleep to take me as a million thoughts ran through my head . 
 but it never came . 
 i drifted into a doze around dawn , although i was wide awake when the alarm went off . 
 sitting up , i went to turn it off when the phone rang . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said groggily . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 came the voice on the other end . 
 `` liam ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , i 'm fine . 
 are you ok ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 there was an awkward silence . 
 `` i 'll see you at 1pm today . '' 
 `` ok , '' i said and he hung up without another word . 
 just then , there was a tap on the door . 
 `` geez , sensory overload , '' i mumbled , as i struggled out of bed and pulled my hair into a bun , before pulling it open . 
 i realized i should have looked before i did that . 
 however , it was just a room-service man standing there with a tray . 
 `` breakfast , '' he said , and i shook my head . 
 `` i did n't order anything ? '' 
 `` you 're one of those actors , right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , but ... '' `` charged to the production company then . '' 
 `` right . 
 uh ... put it over there please , '' i said , and he wheeled the tray in . 
 i signed the bill , writing in a tip to make up for my cluelessness . 
 lifting the silver lid , i was greeted with a platter of fresh strawberries and hot muffins . 
 grinning , i dug in . 
 i could certainly get used to this . 
 it turned out that breakfast became the highlight of every morning . 
 i would arrive at rehearsal fortified by breakfast only to be screamed at by shannon for every move i made . 
 it got to the point where i was second-guessing things i knew , like stage right and stage left . 
 i felt overwhelmed at the end of every night , my head hitting the pillow with a thud . 
 the professional performers had a lot more contacts and experience than anyone at school did , and i was way out of my league . 
 i thought i knew everyone in the industry ; sarah and i read the trade papers obsessively . 
 but here they were , discussing people i had never heard of , and rolling their eyes when i asked a question . 
 `` for any chorus members , '' shannon stood up one day , clearing her throat and getting out attention . 
 `` there 's a friend of mine who 's casting for teenage looking girls at torrid night club at 2pm today for a commercial . 
 the shoot does n't conflict with chorus rehearsal , so you 're welcome to try your luck . 
 i make no recommendations for anyone . '' 
 her eyes landed on me , and i knew she was basically telling me i had no shot . 
 however , i also knew that i should take every opportunity i could , and so i made a mental note to see if i could sneak down there today , if liam would let me . 
 today was only a lightening rehearsal anyway , one of the many as the show drew closer . 
 `` demo reels can be brought in as well . '' 
 i bit my lip at that . 
 i barely knew what a demo reel was and i was fairly certain that i did n't have one . 
 but i had to try , at the very least . 
 as soon as rehearsal was over , i called liam 's direct line to ask him what i should do . 
 but instead of his voice , his secretary answered . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , it 's , uh ... amy . 
 can i speak to liam , please ? '' 
 `` he 's got student meetings all afternoon , amy . 
 but if you can come by ... '' `` no , i ca n't come by . '' 
 it was already 1pm . 
 `` oh . 
 can i take a message then ? '' 
 `` just ... '' my mouth went dry , unsure of what to say . 
 if i had been at school , this would be easy . 
 i could just pop my head in and ask him . 
 but now , we were a few miles apart and i felt like i needed his support . 
 for the first time since this whole mess started , i could n't get it . 
 `` just tell him i 'll be late for rehearsal , and if it 's an issue , he can call me on my cell . '' 
 `` will do , '' she said , and i could hear her scribbling down the message . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` maybe he can call me regardless , asap ? '' 
 i said , cursing myself for sounding so weak . 
 `` i 'll do my best , amy , '' she said , and hung up , leaving me alone again . 
 i went up to the hotel room to get my headshot and resume and then headed back down . 
 i could walk to the nightclub , no problem , but i still hurried . 
 i had no idea what a commercial audition entailed . 
 if they handed me a script , then that was no problem , i knew how to act . 
 but this was n't theater , so was it different ? 
 who was i supposed to ask for ? 
 what was i supposed to do ? 
 i was the first one there , when i got there . 
 luckily , someone at the front directed me to the right room , and someone else showed me where to sign in . 
 it asked for an agency or recommendation . 
 remembering shannon 's words , i left it blank . 
 i thought about putting down liam 's name or the academy , but decided not to , at the last minute . 
 i was here on my own , after all . 
 someone else came out , and handed me a script , which made me breathe a sigh of relief . 
 it was a commercial for a funeral home , which left a heavy feeling in my chest . 
 how long before i saw one of those for real ? 
 i was escorted in after only a few minutes in the waiting room . 
 unlike the gatsby audition , this room was small , probably used as a changing room when the club was opened . 
 there was just one person in it , a cameraman , who nodded to me and clicked the camera on , making the red-light flash . 
 `` alright , take your mark , '' he said . 
 i looked around , confused , until i saw a masking tape `` x '' on the floor . 
 thankful i figured that out , i slid over to it , rooting my feet firmly on it . 
 `` great . 
 so just slate and then i 'll read for you , '' he said . 
 `` slate ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` name , agency contact . '' 
 `` oh ... i do n't have an agency . '' 
 `` just your phone number , then , '' he looked bored . 
 i stuttered through the sentence and he nodded . 
 `` alright . 
 now , look at the camera when you say your lines and do n't move from your mark . '' 
 `` do n't move ? '' 
 i looked down at the spot and looked back up , confused . 
 how was i supposed to portray character if i did n't move ? 
 `` that 's right . 
 do n't move . '' 
 i saw the red light click off and then on again , and i looked at the script in my hands one last time . 
 `` and ... action . '' 
 the scene itself was easy enough . 
 i had long since learned how to cry on cue , and i made sure to use that skill . 
 the lines flowed naturally , but i felt restricted and stiff by my lack of movement . 
 twice , i bobbed out of frame and had to be waved back in . 
 the tears that flowed down my face felt forced , and i had never been so happy to reach the end of a scene . 
 `` ok , thanks , '' he said , looking right at me . 
 i realized i was done and nodded . 
 `` uh ... so ... '' i said , unsure . 
 the cameraman rolled his eyes . 
 `` they 'll call you if they are interested . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 i replied . 
 i knew i had done something wrong , and i felt my cheeks burning as i left the room . 
 everything about that audition had been different . 
 i had never had a camera in my face like that before , and i had never been so restricted to one spot . 
 even though i was supposed to be at rehearsal , and seeing him in less than an hour , i could n't help but text liam . 
 i had to know what i did wrong . 
 are you busy ? 
 can you call me for a quick second ? 
 i wrote , checking it for spelling before sending it . 
 i had barely taken 3 steps before my phone rang . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i asked , knowing it was him . 
 `` i got your message , '' he said , talking softly . 
 i assumed he was already in the theater . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm sorry i 'm going to be late , but shannon told me about a commercial audition , so i thought i 'd go . '' 
 `` as you said , '' he said , approvingly . 
 `` you should always take opportunities like that , especially when your schedule can be re-arranged with little inconvenience . 
 we 're just working on some fight chorography , so you 'd be sitting here doing nothing anyway . '' 
 `` yeah '' i replied , my voice sounding far off . 
 liam picked up on it and made a noise of concern . 
 `` how 'd it go ? '' 
 `` uh ... the acting part went ok , '' i said , as i walked down the sidewalk , falling into a rhythm . 
 `` the words poured out of my mouth . 
 but the rest of it was weird . 
 it was a little room with only one guy on the panel , filming , and he told me to ` slate ' , which i had no idea about , and then made me stay on this little ` x ' the whole time , and not have freedom of character movement . 
 do you think it was sketchy ? '' 
 liam laughed at that , although it was friendly . 
 `` that 's film and tv auditions for you , amy . 
 always exactly like that . 
 they are very different from theater , and it 's almost as if it 's a whole different world . 
 film and theater actors sometimes do n't translate over . 
 but you felt ok when it came down to the actual acting part , yes ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i nodded , even though he could n't see me . 
 `` i just ... '' i closed my eyes for a moment . 
 `` i wish that i could have talked to you beforehand . 
 i felt like an idiot . 
 in fact ... '' i took a deep breath , knowing what i was about to say was powerful . 
 `` i think talking to you before the gatsby audition was the only thing that kept me sane . '' 
 there was a silence on the other end of the phone , but it felt comfortable . 
 now that i was talking to liam , the panic of the audition had gone away and i felt fine . 
 i had n't realized how much i needed him , and needed his advice and support , until this very moment . 
 yes , i could act , and that came easy , but he was right , it came down to so much more than just acting . 
 i thought i had been ready for all this , but it was clearly going to be harder than i thought . 
 `` anytime amy , '' he said , and i could hear the noise behind him increase . 
 `` i have to go . 
 i 'll see you soon , though ? '' 
 it was more than just a confirmation , he sounded hopeful . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` about 20 minutes . 
 30 if you are feeling generous and want to give me time to stuff my face . '' 
 he chuckled at that . 
 `` make it forty . 
 i 'll see you then . '' 
 he hung up quickly , and i put my phone into my pocket , continuing to walk down the sidewalk , and feeling more alone . 
 the sun was shining , and the birds were chirping and i could hear children playing in a nearby park . 
 the dark mood over me had lifted , and i felt a lot better . 
 i had just finished one rehearsal , i had an audition and now i was headed to rehearsal for a spot i had won over hundreds of hopefuls . 
 life was n't so bad . 
 although i did n't want to admit it , i knew part of my mood was due to the fact that i was going to see liam in a matter of minutes . 
 i felt that painful feeling in my chest again as i realized how little time i had left at the school . 
 in a matter of weeks , i would be permanently moved out and in the world on my own . 
 gatsby would soon be on tour , and there would be no coming back to the school after that , no safe haven to look forward to . 
 i had never gone more than two days without seeing my dad in my entire life , and soon i would be going months . 
 and after gatsby , who knew ? 
 if i did n't make it here , there were other cities , other theaters , other tours . 
 it was a scary thought , and it did n't seem real that my entire world was about to change . 
 chapter 20 : liam i realized when she walked in , i 'd been watching the door for her the entire time . 
 my head had been pounding all morning , and i was exhausted from last night 's excursions . 
 if we did n't only have a few days of rehearsal left , i would have already called it for today . 
 i wanted a hair of the dog , enough water to drown a horse , and a nap that took fifteen hours . 
 unfortunately , those things had only been possible when i was a human movie star . 
 now , as a vampire headmaster , i supposed people expected me to be somewhat responsible . 
 still , i knew i had n't been as involved today as i should have been . 
 as soon as she walked in , i felt my heart beat speed up and i could n't help but smile . 
 she was here , and i could relax . 
 `` let 's take five minutes , '' i called to the fight choreography on stage . 
 the boys stopped , panting , and headed off for their water bottles . 
 i motioned to amy to join me back stage . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` better now that i 'm here , '' she said , looking around . 
 `` no , uh ... unexpected visitors ? '' 
 `` no , nothing , '' i shook my head , watching her . 
 her hair was pulled up , but a few strands were falling into her fresh face . 
 she looked beautiful and young , and i knew her future held nothing but promise and hope . 
 `` porsche and i patrolled most of the night , but nothing came up . 
 selene is like that . 
 she 'll show up long enough to scare me , but she has yet to do any harm . 
 i suspect she 's just checking in to make sure i keep my promise . '' 
 `` your promise ? '' 
 amy asked , reaching into her backpack as we talked . 
 `` why she turned me , '' i said , keeping my voice down . 
 `` with such a public persona , i was guaranteed to keep the secret unless i wanted to ruin my life . 
 supposedly , i had it all . 
 vampires could always find me for help , i have a truck ton of money and contacts , but i also will make sure to keep it secret unless i want to ruin my own life . 
 i was the perfect candidate . 
 hell , i should have predicted it would happen to me . '' 
 `` liam , '' she said , compassionately and i looked down to find her holding a container . 
 `` do you want a cookie ? '' 
 i laughed , nodding . 
 `` yes , '' i said , taking one of her father 's secret recipe cookies . 
 they were so loaded with chocolate it was a wonder they had any other ingredients . 
 i had them once or twice before and they never failed to make me feel better . 
 at the moment , however , it was amy 's smile that was assisting in that endeavor . 
 we locked eyes for a moment , and the intensity of the gaze was so fierce it almost overwhelmed me . 
 i tilted my head down a fraction of an inch , and she responded , arching her neck upwards . 
 our lips were only inches apart when we were interrupted by a string of swear words . 
 `` what the ... '' i pulled away the curtain . 
 on the other end of the stage , deon was standing there , his phone in one hand , his face the very picture of stunned . 
 i did n't even have to ask to know what the problem was , i recognized the look immediately . 
 he was n't sad , or upset , or grieving . 
 he was n't in pain or angry . 
 that was the look of an actor who was simultaneously happy he got a part and stunned because he had a conflict . 
 `` deon ? '' 
 i asked , as amy came to stand beside me . 
 he turned his head towards me , waving his phone . 
 `` i. . . 
 the tv role ... full time , paris ... friday ... 3 months , with extension . '' 
 it would have taken a normal person half a day to figure out what he was saying , but i understood immediately . 
 `` you ca n't do the show then , '' i said , calmly . 
 deon had yet to change the expression on his face . 
 `` yes ... no ... but i. . . 
 what should i. . . 
 oh man . '' 
 he seemed so overwhelmed he could barely get the sentence out . 
 everyone was gathering around him in excitement , but his gaze was locked with mine . 
 i forced a smile onto my face as i stepped forward . 
 deon came over at once , looking much younger than his 18 years . 
 `` liam ? '' 
 he said , unsure and i nodded . 
 `` this is what i wanted for you guys , your whole lives . 
 why are you looking so unsure ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` deon , you 've been here for years , and you 've been trained since you could speak to do this . 
 every day of school , every exercise and workshop was so you could be prepared for this day , this moment in your life . '' 
 `` but the show ... '' he said , and i put my hand on his shoulder . 
 beside me , amy stood by , and i could n't look at her . 
 the most talent in the entire school was now within two feet of me and i was about to lose both of them . 
 `` do n't worry about the show . 
 you 're ready for this . 
 for all of this . '' 
 he nodded , although i could see the fear in his eyes . 
 `` amy , '' he said , turning to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' `` do n't be sorry , '' she replied , reaching up to hug him . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i almost did the same thing , remember ? 
 we 'll work together again , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` you 're going to make it big , girl . '' 
 he hugged her tight , and then turned to me . 
 `` i guess i should ... '' `` pack , '' i said , nodding . 
 `` and go see peter ; he 'll be happy for you . '' 
 `` right . 
 yes , '' he said , a grin spreading across his face . 
 `` thank you , liam . 
 for everything . '' 
 `` you wo n't say that when your set call is at 4am , '' i blurted out , and he laughed . 
 after hugs all around , deon picked up his stuff , and headed out the door , standing two inches taller than when he walked in . 
 there was a silence that fell over the cast then . 
 `` well , '' i said , turning to amy . 
 `` i guess it 's you and me . '' 
 her jaw fell open . 
 `` every show ? 
 ... i 'm glad , '' she said , quietly , her hand brushing mine . 
 `` i 'd rather do it with you . 
 with you , it feels like it 's just ... a conversation . '' 
 `` i 'm glad i get a second chance to do this with you . '' 
 i replied , and she met my eyes , seeing my meaning as clear as day . 
 she looked away , and i turned to the cast . 
 they were still shell shocked . 
 `` right . 
 everyone forget deon 's blocking , right now . 
 forget it , erase it from your memories , it 's gone . 
 we need to be happy for him , but we need to focus on our show now . 
 from now on , every show is with me , and i want no more interruptions for the rest of the day . '' 
 i even reached into my pocket and pulled out my phone , turning it off as an example . 
 `` you have three minutes to set yourself from the top . 
 ready , set , go ! '' 
 i watched them scramble to their places . 
 amy put down her back pack , and fixed her hair , heading towards her entrance . 
 in the chaos , her phone rang , and although i should have scolded her , i let her answer it . 
 at the moment , i was so happy to be able to perform with her ; to still have her that i could n't have denied her anything . 
 `` hello ? 
 yes ? 
 wait , what ? 
 what ? 
 one second , '' she turned back to me , and held the phone out , confused . 
 `` it 's for you . '' 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i sighed , going towards her and taking the phone . 
 i did n't recognize the number , but i assumed it was one of shannon 's people . 
 seems like i had turned my phone off at exactly the right time . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i asked , and an unfamiliar voice spoke to me . 
 `` is this the same liam that is in charge of the leopard spot academy ? '' 
 `` uh , yes ... '' i felt a bit annoyed . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 `` and you know a porsche de ritter ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i gripped the phone tighter , turning away . 
 `` what 's happened ? '' 
 `` liam , porsche has listed you as her emergency contact . 
 my name is chelsea , and i work for norfinch health care . 
 she was admitted today after a fall at work . '' 
 `` oh god , '' i ducked behind the curtain . 
 `` is she ok ? '' 
 i knew that sending porsche off to her own rehearsal after being up all night was not a good idea , but she had insisted . 
 `` it appears she has a bacterial infection . 
 she 's on iv antibiotics right now , and she 's asleep , but we thought her contacts should be notified . 
 visiting hours are from 5-7pm today and she should be awake by then . 
 her condition is serious , but stable . '' 
 `` i 'll be there . 
 please , you can call me on this number if there 's any news , '' i said , biting my lip with worry . 
 `` is she ... going to be ok ? '' 
 the nurse sighed , and i could hear her clicking away at her computer . 
 `` it 's an expected aids complication . 
 infections are common . '' 
 `` but also serious , '' i said , my heart hammering in my chest . 
 could anything else possibly go wrong today ? 
 `` please , tell me the truth . '' 
 there was a silence on the other end of the phone , and then chelsea spoke . 
 `` at the moment , we 're hopeful she 'll recover . '' 
 the words hit me like a sledgehammer . 
 amy was beside me , taking my hand , wrapping her arms around me as i managed to hang up the phone . 
 just as i had been able to guess deon 's news from years of experience , she could guess the information on the phone from her own years . 
 she held me tight as i tried to get hold of my emotions . 
 `` you can go to her , '' she said , softly , but i shook my head , wiping my eyes . 
 `` no . 
 porsche 's a theater addict , she 'd kill me i interrupted rehearsal . 
 visiting hours are from 5-7 , we can go after . 
 will you ... will you come with me ? '' 
 i asked , and she nodded , reaching up to wipe a tear away from my face . 
 i had n't realized my eyes were leaking until then and i struggled to get it under control . 
 `` of course , '' she said , and then our lips met . 
 the kiss was soft , and slow , yet needed . 
 i did n't want to break apart from her , and it seemed we were clinging onto each other out of necessity . 
 i wanted her ; i wanted her so badly that my muscles ached . 
 more than anything , i wanted to forget the pain and get lost in the pleasure of her body . 
 but now was not the time or place . 
 finally , we pulled apart , and my forehead rested on hers . 
 `` it 's ok , is n't it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean ... you made a promise , to porsche . '' 
 `` i did , '' i nodded . 
 `` but i 'll mourn the human part of her all the time . 
 this life , amy , this life is a curse and why she wants it is beyond me . '' 
 `` to live , '' she whispered . 
 `` she wants to live . '' 
 i could hear amy 's own heartbeat , loud in her chest , and feel her own warm skin against mine . 
 it nearly broke my heart ; that this beautiful young girl that i had come to fall in love with wanted to live just as badly . 
 and here i was , handed immortality and i did n't want it . 
 amy 's arms squeezed my torso tightly , and i held on to her for all it was worth . 
 i wanted her , above all else , and i had to keep her safe . 
 if i was going to be alone for all eternity , i wanted her with me as long as i could have her . 
 chapter 21 : amy i was nervous before i even fully opened my eyes . 
 my alarm had n't gone off yet , but i knew i could n't sleep any longer . 
 it was much later than normal , nearly 11am . 
 it was opening day and in a few hours , i would be on stage , beside liam . 
 the last few days had been exhausting . 
 between deon quitting , gatsby rehearsal , and porsche , i was tired . 
 she had spent the last few days in hospital , barely waking long enough to say hello . 
 and i had no doubts , when she was finally released , that it would n't be for long . 
 she had n't even wanted to be admitted , insisting it was useless . 
 liam had protested , and as usual , he got his way . 
 i knew she was delaying her transformation for our safety . 
 liam was sure she would n't be a shield after her descent into vampirism . 
 but all of it was still hard to watch , and just added to the stress of opening night . 
 i had the day off from gatsby today , so i could be prepared for tonight . 
 at 2pm , we had a press conference at the school , for liam and i , and then at 6 , a photo shoot before the curtain went up at 8pm . 
 i was trying to stay calm , but nothing was working . 
 liam had walked me through every step of the day , explaining what to do and what not to do . 
 he reminded me to breathe , and to say nothing that i did n't want the whole world to know . 
 there was apparently no such thing as `` off the record '' , and i was n't to trust any reporter , which made sense to me . 
 but even with all of his instruction , i was still glad he was going to be beside me the whole time . 
 especially with the media frenzy surrounding the fact that he was going to be doing all the shows now , not just the one . 
 the remainder of our shows had been sold out and there was a waiting list . 
 it made me nervous and excited all at the same time . 
 getting up , i headed for the shower , checking my phone on the way . 
 there were about 50 good luck texts from my friends , and smiley faces . 
 last night , dad and i had dinner at home . 
 it was a nice break from the chaos that was surrounding me . 
 he had told me he was proud of me , and wished me luck , which was music to my ears . 
 i knew he thought acting was a risky career , but with liam 's help , i felt like i could fly . 
 except all that would be over soon . 
 i tried to push that thought away as i got into the shower . 
 i vowed to enjoy this day for all it was worth , and when the time came , i would face what i needed to . 
 i took extra care in the shower to make sure everything was shaved , washed , and clean . 
 i scrubbed my face three times , and shampooed my hair twice , and then blow dried it with a round brush , something i had done about twice in my life . 
 i was going to get my makeup done in the theater before the press conference , so i did n't have to worry about it . 
 i chose tight jeans and boots , with a tunic shirt that belted at my waist . 
 satisfied with my appearance in the mirror , i picked up my purse , and slipped out the door , my heart beating fast . 
 `` ammmmmmyyyyy . '' 
 i was n't out the door five seconds when one of my floor mates , charisma , attacked me with a hug . 
 `` are you excited ? '' 
 `` i feel more like puking , but i hear that 's excitement , '' i said , giving her a hug back . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 `` being your slave , '' she smiled at me . 
 `` anything you need me to do ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i shrugged . 
 `` no . 
 i was just going to get breakfast ... or lunch ... and then go to hair and makeup . 
 we have a press conference and all . '' 
 `` exccccitting , '' charisma was possibly one of the sweetest girls i had ever met . 
 she never had an unkind word for anyone and was always genuine in her responses . 
 `` want me to come ? '' 
 `` sure , you can be my body guard . '' 
 i linked my arm in hers , heading down to the canteen . 
 it was then that i saw selene again , crossing the campus . 
 she had sunglasses and a fashionable trench coat on , but i still recognized her . 
 she carried herself in such a way that could n't be missed , with her nose high in the air and her shoulders squared . 
 i froze , making charisma stumble . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , following my eye line . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 `` no one . '' 
 i said , even as i took out my phone and frantically sent a text to liam . 
 selene is on campus . 
 i 'll be in the cafe . 
 `` just ... someone i thought i knew . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i moved faster down the hall , practically dragging charisma with me . 
 we had barely grabbed food when liam burst into the canteen , his jaw set . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 he asked , and i nodded . 
 charisma looked from me to him and back again . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 he said , shaking his head . 
 `` amy just needs ... i need amy to come with me . 
 sorry . '' 
 he apologized to her . 
 `` last minute prep . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she released my arm . 
 `` break a leg tonight , guys ! 
 i have tickets for tomorrow . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , giving her a quick hug and then following liam out into the hallway , my food long since forgotten . 
 `` liam , it 's ok . 
 i just saw her , she did n't see me . '' 
 `` i should have known , '' he shook his head , dragging me along the hallway to the staff quarters . 
 `` i should n't have been so stupid . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , struggling to keep up . 
 `` i 'm sorry , amy . 
 i thought we were safe when she did n't show her face . 
 but she bought all the tickets to opening night , and i should have known she would show up today . 
 she 'll be watching tonight , for sure . '' 
 `` do you think she wants to hurt me ? '' 
 i asked , fear leaping into my throat . 
 liam shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 selene is not usually the ... violent type , '' he said . 
 `` and even if she does try , there will be truck loads of security there , to make sure we 're safe . '' 
 `` uh ... did you get vampire security or something ? '' 
 i asked , as he put his key in the lock . 
 `` sort of , '' he replied , ushering me into the room . 
 i turned to give him a funny look , but when i entered the room , i saw what he meant . 
 sitting crossed legged on his bed , looking about four shades paler , porsche was slowly doing her makeup . 
 `` porsche ! '' 
 i cried , flying across the room to give her a hug . 
 `` hey , amy . '' 
 her voice was soft , and she felt about ten pounds lighter , her already thin frame feeling skeletal under my arms . 
 she was burning with heat , her face shiny with sweat and her heartbeat could be heard even by my human ears . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i could see the lesions on her arms , and subtly , when she opened her mouth , i could see the sores . 
 i did n't think it was possible to downward spiral as fast as she did and i wondered how long she had been hiding it from me , and from liam . 
 he seemed just as shocked as i was to see her this way . 
 `` forget me , how are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 porsche 's eyes went above my head , to meet liam 's , who sighed . 
 `` it 's better that she 's here , amy . 
 for you ... and for her . 
 so that she 's closer to me if anything happens . '' 
 `` and for him , '' she said , with a soft smile . 
 `` my power grows every hour . 
 by tonight , neither liam nor selene will transform . '' 
 `` but that means ... '' i said , trailing off with horror . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` does n't matter anymore , amy . 
 it 'll all be over soon . 
 but tonight , do n't worry about me . 
 worry about you . '' 
 `` it should n't happen this quickly , '' i said , looking up at her . 
 `` i mean , you 've only been off azt a few months . '' 
 `` i 'm refusing treatment , '' she said , putting down her mascara brush . 
 she looked skeletal , her eyes cloudy and her cheeks hollow . 
 `` i 'm done with all this . '' 
 `` so why not now ? '' 
 i asked , looking to liam . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` porsche 's stubborn . 
 she wants to protect us first . 
 so we 'll wait as long as she can hold out ... the run of the show at least . '' 
 although he was speaking the words , i believed he disagreed with it as much as i did . 
 his face was stony , and his eyes were dark . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , turning back to her . 
 she smiled , her eyes a bit teary . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i hope we can still be friends when i 'm on the other side , amy . '' 
 `` of course , '' i replied . 
 `` it 's much more taboo for you to back an actor with no experience than for me to be friends with a vampire . '' 
 porsche laughed at that , leaning back against the pillows . 
 `` this is indeed true . '' 
 liam shook his head , going to the mini fridge to get us both a bottle of water . 
 `` porsche , do you feel up to doing amy 's makeup ? 
 i do n't feel comfortable letting her into the theater right now . '' 
 `` would you ? '' 
 i turned back to her . 
 `` i 'm about as useful with makeup as i am fighting a dragon . '' 
 `` sure , if you can be patient , '' she replied , glancing at her makeup supplies . 
 `` i 'm a bit slow today . '' 
 i settled down on the bed beside her . 
 it was hard to look ; to see my future staring me in the face and know it waited for me each day . 
 i hoped , when the day came , i would be at peace with it . 
 by 1:30 pm , my hair was teased into millions of little curls that sat high on my head , and my makeup made me look like a supermodel . 
 although it took her a few hours , porsche made me look more beautiful than i had ever looked in my life . 
 `` wow . '' 
 i said , looking in the hand held mirror . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` just enhancing what is already there , darling , '' she said , as liam came out of the bathroom , fully dressed . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 liam did n't say anything for a moment . 
 his eyes twinkled as they traveled from my neck to my eyebrows in awe . 
 i blushed , looking down at my nails which were painted and shaped . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` but then ... you always do . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered and our eyes locked . 
 this had been happening for days ; these moments of intensity . 
 we still had n't talked about our almost kiss backstage . 
 it hung in the air like an elephant in the room . 
 `` ok you two . '' 
 porsche slowly swung her legs around , standing up shakily . 
 in a moment , liam was beside her , supporting her . 
 `` i 'm going to brush my teeth and change . 
 it 's almost press conference time . '' 
 `` do you want lunch ? '' 
 liam asked her . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` or anything ? 
 you 're still human , porsche , so i suggest some nutrition . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she closed the bathroom door , leaving liam and i alone . 
 he sat down beside me , so close i could see his pulse beat in his throat . 
 he looked gorgeous , with his hair slicked back and a thin chain hanging around his neck , peeking through the open buttons on his dark dress shirt . 
 his cologne wafted from his neck , a familiar scent that i realized i had missed . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 i asked , and he nodded , reaching one hand up to tuck a strand of hair from my face . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , amy , '' he said , and i sighed . 
 `` not for long though . '' 
 `` the best director i ever had once gave me a piece of advice , '' he said , reaching down to put his hand over mine . 
 i let him , enjoying the comfort of his touch . 
 `` we were about to go on stage , and he grabbed my arm right before the curtain went up . 
 ` enjoy your time in the cabin with the other characters ' he said , ` for it is very short and will never return . 
 live in the moment ' . 
 i think that night was the best show of my life . 
 the real world is scary , amy , even i know that . 
 but our time as beauty and the beast ... that is short and controlled and ends happily . 
 and so we have to live in that moment . '' 
 his face was inches from mine and this time i did n't let the moment go to waste . 
 i kissed him hard and fast , as if i was drowning and he was my life line . 
 i put my hands on the back of his head , pressing my body closer . 
 liam sunk back into the pillows , pulling me on top of him , and groaned as i pressed down . 
 everything fit perfectly and felt so right ; the feel of his body against mine , his touch , his caress . 
 he put his hands in my hair , pulling gently , and i moaned despite myself . 
 we used to spend hours just snuggled up to each other , perfectly content in each other 's physical presence and nothing more . 
 when we broke up , i told myself i did n't miss it , but the truth was i was dying for him to touch me again . 
 his hands wandered down my back , and rested on my waist , pausing there as we continued to kiss . 
 his eyes were closed and his face was relaxed from its earlier tension . 
 i was in heaven . 
 `` a-hem . '' 
 i had forgotten we were n't alone and turned around to see porsche leaning against the door post looking amused . 
 i jumped off liam immediately . 
 `` uh ... we were just ... '' liam stayed reclined on the bed , looking bemused as i struggled to fix my hair . 
 `` it 's ok , porsche 's an adult . 
 she 's fully aware of what we were doing . '' 
 `` not that i wanted to see it , '' she replied , a small smile on her face . 
 `` you two need to just get back together already . 
 seriously . 
 it 's just awkward . '' 
 liam and i glanced at each other , and then away . 
 i felt my cheeks grow hot and did n't know what to say . 
 apparently , neither did he , because he cleared his throat and changed the topic . 
 `` shall we go ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 i may have leapt up a bit too fast . 
 `` are you coming , porsche ? '' 
 `` you two actually have half an hour , '' she said , and i recognized a spark of the old fire in her eyes . 
 `` i 've decided to get some food in the cafeteria before my empty stomach eats itself . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 liam asked , and she nodded . 
 `` uh huh , '' she said , although she looked ready to drop . 
 `` this is your day . 
 welcome to fame , amy . '' 
 `` i suppose tripping and falling in front of everyone will be bad ? '' 
 i said , trying to lighten the mood . 
 `` all press is good press . '' 
 porsche said , slowly grabbing her coat , even though it was a warm day . 
 `` it did n't hurt liam when he was falling down drunk every night and showing up to meetings stoned . '' 
 `` uh ... '' liam replied . 
 `` it kind of attracted a vampire to me ? '' 
 `` well , that 's your opinion , '' she shrugged , and i laughed . 
 and then she headed out the door , leaving us alone once again . 
 `` so where were we ? '' 
 liam asked , and i looked back at him . 
 `` uh ... '' i replied , suddenly awkward . 
 he pulled me back , so i was lying on top of him , our faces inches apart as i looked down at him . 
 `` we were ... here . '' 
 `` yes , we were . '' 
 he said , stroking my face . 
 we kissed and i felt my whole body light up with passion . 
 i squirmed against him and he groaned , pulling me closer . 
 i felt his need through his jeans , and could no longer deny my own . 
 `` liam ... '' i stopped suddenly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he was breathless , looking at me as if i 'd just stopped the world from spinning . 
 `` i. . . 
 you ... protection ? '' 
 i managed , and he shook his head , drawing me close again . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 we do n't need it . 
 trust me . 
 for either reason . '' 
 `` i bet there are thousands of girls whose boyfriends have told them that . '' 
 i said , as his hands slid down my thighs . 
 `` i doubt they were vampires . '' 
 `` i 've never ... '' i said , and he stopped , looking at me . 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` hard when you are under house arrest your whole life . 
 and also when ... unless somebody else is infected ... or you really hate them ... '' `` no more , amy , '' he put a finger to my lips , silencing me . 
 `` if you want this to be your first time ... or if you want to wait ? 
 ... '' `` no . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i want you , liam . '' 
 after that , no more words were spoken . 
 i surrendered completely to liam 's touch as i lost myself to him . 
 chapter 22 : amy it was only once we were walking down the hallway to the school 's media room that i realized once again how nervous i was . 
 i gripped liam 's hand tightly , feeling closer to him than ever before . 
 `` there 's no going back from this , is there ? '' 
 i asked liam , as we stood outside the door , where i could hear the press was already gathered . 
 `` sure there is , '' he said . 
 `` this industry is cruel , they will forget you in an instant if they want to . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's helpful , '' porsche said , listening at the door . 
 liam shrugged , but gave me a small smile , reaching down to take my hand . 
 he squeezed and i squeezed back , grateful . 
 `` i think they are ready for you . 
 i 'll go do your introduction . 
 that way , if selene is waiting for you , i 'll know . '' 
 `` ok , '' liam nodded , and porsche slipped through the door , holding her head high . 
 liam and i stood in the hallway , in silence a moment , listening to the muffled sounds behind the door . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , looking up at him . 
 `` for all of this . 
 for everything . 
 i never would have been able to do any of this without you . '' 
 `` amy , '' he said , looking down at me . 
 `` you were meant for this . 
 there is no way your talent would n't have been discovered . 
 with or without me , you would have been an actress . '' 
 `` but without you ... i would n't have ever known how wonderful this is , '' i said , leaning into his side . 
 he put his arm around me , and i closed my eyes , relaxing into his grip . 
 `` i was ready to give up hope before i met you , '' he muttered , and i froze , looking up at him . 
 he kissed the top of my head , indicating the door . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i nodded , taking a deep breath and steeling myself . 
 liam gave me one last hug and then opened the door . 
 `` ladies , and gentleman , it is with great pleasure that i introduce to you the stars of beauty and the beast tonight ... '' porsche was standing at the microphone , looking miles better than she did standing in the hallway . 
 i admired her for it - it was the mark of a great performer . 
 the rest of the introduction was drowned out by cheering and clapping . 
 cameras flashed and questions were being slammed at us . 
 liam had to drag me up on the stage ; i was so blinded by the flashes . 
 luckily , liam knew how to handle the questions . 
 he waited until people stopped screaming and then took the questions one at a time , only fielding the easiest ones to me , such as `` are you happy to be a part of this show ? '' 
 it was over in a flash , and before i knew it , we were heading off the stage , away from the press . 
 i could n't believe that they were actually so interested in me . 
 apart from questions about the show , they had wanted to know about my life . 
 where i had grown up , how i came to audition , what my hopes and dreams were . 
 and of course , everything about my personal life , which i already chose not to answer . 
 when they asked if i had a boyfriend , i looked away and shook my head . 
 i could feel liam 's eyes burning at me , but i knew it was the right thing to say . 
 if i was n't certain of what was happening right now , the press did n't have the right to know . 
 the photo shoot went the same way ; a constant flash of cameras , and what seemed like hundreds of paparazzi standing before us . 
 when it was finally over , i felt out of breath , waving goodbye before heading behind the curtain . 
 we were running late , and liam had told me as soon as we were done , it was time to start getting ready . 
 i had to be completely fresh faced and re done as beauty , so it would take plenty of time . 
 i thought i was nervous for the press conference , but the nerves that descended on me as i sat in the hair and makeup chair were now worse than ever . 
 `` break a leg for me , darling . '' 
 porsche stuck her head through the door , looking about as bad as i felt . 
 still , she had a smile on her face as she came over to give me a hug . 
 she was burning up . 
 i could feel it from half a foot away . 
 but i said nothing and gave her a tight hug . 
 `` i 'll be in the audience . 
 it 's past sunset and liam has n't changed , '' she whispered in my ear . 
 i nodded , wrapping my arms around her . 
 `` thank you , '' i replied , and she gave me a quick kiss on the forehead , rubbing my shoulders . 
 the makeup artist finished my final coat of lip-gloss , and leaned back , nodding . 
 `` alright , amy , you 're ready , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll do a touch up at intermission . 
 but you 're perfect . 
 you look just like belle in the disney movie . '' 
 `` she was a cartoon , '' i said , and the makeup artist laughed , gathering up some of her stuff . 
 `` good luck , '' she said , and then she left , and i was alone for the first time in hours . 
 i took a deep breath , looking into the mirror . 
 i did look like belle , with my hair tied back and the peasant girl dress . 
 my eyes looked huge and my skin was glowing . 
 trying not to tremble , i stood up and walked out of the room . 
 despite not being on for a few scenes , liam was already standing in the wings , waiting for the lights to dim . 
 seeming him immediately calmed me down . 
 my palms stopped sweating , my heart slowed and i could breathe normally again . 
 a wave of relief washed over me and i knew i could tackle whatever was waiting for me on the stage . 
 it was then that i realized i could n't do this - i could n't walk away . 
 i may know how to act , and i may have blown liam away at the auditions , and shannon , but without his guidance and help , i would never be able to continue . 
 acting really was only half of this industry , and the rest i still had to learn . 
 `` hey , '' liam turned around , smiling at me as he glanced at the backstage clock . 
 `` look at you . '' 
 `` look at you . 
 all ... human still , '' i said , knowing that could have a double meaning , without his beast costume . 
 he smiled . 
 `` the power of porsche , '' he replied , putting an arm around me . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` have you processed my graduation papers yet ? '' 
 he gave me a strange look , but shook his head . 
 `` no , i did n't have time . 
 but it 's on the 22nd of june . 
 you planning ahead ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i nodded , giving him a smile . 
 `` i thought ... liam , i thought i could stay . 
 another year . 
 with you . '' 
 i looked up to meet his eyes , taking his hand . 
 `` if that 's ok . '' 
 `` amy ... '' he breathed , turning fully to face me . 
 he was quiet for a few moments . 
 `` amy , you are so beautiful ... and you are so talented ... you are miles ahead of everyone here , and you are ready for this . '' 
 `` no , '' i shook my head . 
 `` and i know it . 
 if i stay out there with shannon , it 'll break me . 
 i 'll finish touring gatsby , but then i want another year here . 
 i. . . 
 i need you . '' 
 i said . 
 he bit his lip , and i was surprised to see tears building in his eyes . 
 `` i need you too , amy , '' he said , and he kissed me . 
 i wrapped my arms around him , standing on my tiptoes to not have him strain so much . 
 there was nothing holding us back any longer . 
 i let go of everything i was feeling , giving myself completely over to him . 
 i had never felt so sure of anything in my life . 
 everything felt right . 
 `` and if i stayed ... '' i said , breaking apart from him . 
 `` got a second chance ... perhaps you and i could also have a second chance ? '' 
 he smiled , nodding . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 `` good , '' i said , giving him another little nip on the lips . 
 his smile turned devilish , and he leaned down , about to return it when a stage hand approached . 
 `` curtain in one minute , guys . '' 
 `` right , '' liam straightened up . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 i closed my eyes , turning to face the stage . 
 i saw the lights dim and the opening number started to play . 
 `` no going back now , '' i muttered , and liam laid a light kiss on my head . 
 `` go on , beauty . 
 it 's your time to shine , '' he said . 
 i took a deep breath , looking up at his face . 
 and then , knowing that he was behind me , i stepped forward . 
 it was time . 
 as soon as i stepped out onto the stage , i did n't feel like me anymore . 
 all of these fears had run through my head . 
 i had worried about the silliest things ; from forgetting my lines to tripping or puking on the stage . 
 but from the second beauty ` s first lines came out of my mouth , i was a different person . 
 i was her , from head to toe . 
 and when liam entered the stage for the first time , i did n`t see liam , the love of my life , the vampire , my headmaster . 
 i saw the prince ; the beast ; the hated man in the castle who intrigued and interested me like no other . 
 the townspeople were transformed from my classmates to people i had grown up with all my life . 
 ryan , who played one of my potential suitors and was actually one the nicest boys in senior year , made bile rise in my throat the second he approached me on stage . 
 i was so distracted by beauty ` s feelings and thoughts that i felt shell-shocked when intermission came and the curtain came down . 
 i was still in a daze when i made it off the stage . 
 everyone was rushing about , trying to reset the stage for the bigger scenes , which took place in the second half . 
 i was standing by the call sheet , trying to remember how much time i had to get changed , when someone grabbed my arm . 
 i turned around , and porsche nearly stumbled into me . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i asked , alarmed . 
 she was pale as a sheet , and her jaw was clenched in a familiar way , trying to ward off nausea . 
 `` porsche ? '' 
 `` it 's her , '' she whispered , urgently . 
 `` she 's here . 
 she 's in the audience . 
 and she obviously knows there 's a shield here , because she looks damned confused why she has n't transformed yet . '' 
 `` oh god , '' i groaned , looking around as if i expected selene to just appear . 
 `` where 's liam ? '' 
 porsche asked . 
 `` he uh ... he 'll be getting his makeup retouched . 
 i 'll find him , alright ? 
 you just ... '' i looked around for a chair but she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm going back out . 
 it 'll be more effective the closer i am to her . 
 find liam and tell him she 's here . 
 but she has n't tried anything yet , so i doubt she 's going to . 
 just ... be careful out there , amy . '' 
 `` right , '' i nodded , my frantic heart beat returning . 
 `` be careful too , porsche . '' 
 she swayed alarmingly , gripping the wall and i was hesitant to let her go . 
 `` and amy ... '' she blurted out , right before she shooed me off . 
 `` tell liam that it 'll be tonight . 
 for him and i. '' i stood , open mouthed , but nodded , watching as she stumbled off . 
 tonight . 
 everything came down to tonight . 
 chapter 23 : amy when the second act started , i felt like my heart was in my throat . 
 everything was happening at once and it was out of my control . 
 the media had practically attempted to break in during intermission , all too desperate to get shots of liam again . 
 luckily , our security was good and held them back . 
 however , it reconfirmed that i had made the right choice . 
 i was n't ready for the world out there , not yet . 
 if anything , i wanted to spend eternity curled up in my dorm room , going to the safety of classes and snuggling with liam in the afternoons . 
 `` i have n't experienced night as a human like this in three years , '' liam said to me , as we waited in the wings for our final cue . 
 his arms were around my waist , and he was warm , his chest rising and falling . 
 `` are shields common ? '' 
 i asked , and he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 after porsche ... i 'll be lucky if i ever meet another one again . 
 they really do n't make themselves known , and half of them are n't ever aware of their powers . 
 anyway , what do you want to do next year ? '' 
 `` next year ? '' 
 i turned to him and gaped . 
 `` for a show ? '' 
 `` liam ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 `` why are you not concerned about everything that 's happening ? '' 
 he laughed , squeezing me tight . 
 `` because . 
 selene is just here to make sure i 'm doing my part , which i am . 
 after tonight , my best friend will be immortal and i no longer have to spend every spare moment wondering if she 's dead . 
 and you 're staying with me . 
 you are n't going to leave and i do n't have to mourn what would have been . '' 
 i supposed that did all sound good . 
 i arched up to kiss him before breaking away . 
 `` see you on stage , '' i breathed , and he blew me one more kiss . 
 for everything that was happening around us , the show went off reasonably flawlessly . 
 of course , in such a big production , with such a huge cast , there would always be hitches . 
 and i was glad that liam was on stage with me , most of the time , showing me how to react in the moment when things went wrong . 
 twice , i forgot my line and he scooped up the words into his own , as if it were natural , so none of the plot got missed . 
 one of the actresses who played a servant tripped over the table cloth while setting the table and liam caught her with a beast-like growl and scolding that made the crowd roar with laughter . 
 he even managed to put out a fire when a candle stick burned too low , snuffing it so fast that i did n't even notice anything had happened . 
 but what had me awed most of all was his talent . 
 liam was as spectacular as he had ever been in hollywood , every line coming out smooth and clean . 
 i had not thought of him as that hollywood superstar in a long time , but tonight , i felt like i should worship the ground he walked on . 
 he was marvelous and brilliant , and i felt sad that the world he so loved had been ripped away from him one night . 
 liam deserved every ounce of fame he had earned , and every chance he got . 
 but instead , he was here , with me as his co-star . 
 and as lucky as that made me , i hated selene every second for doing this to him . 
 the show went by so fast that i barely noticed when we came to the end . 
 the final scene was the biggest of the show , of course . 
 everyone was gathering in the wings and trickling on stage to see the union of beauty and her prince . 
 i was on top of the world . 
 i had seen my father in the front row and he seemed entranced by the whole show , sitting unmoving with a bouquet of roses in his lap . 
 and even though this first show was over , we still had three more weeks to play and i could rest in liam 's arms on and off stage . 
 i almost did n't see her in the wings as we went to take our first bows . 
 flowers and teddy bears were being thrown up on the stage , flying by us . 
 the other actors were giggling and ducking . 
 the children who were in the audience had smiles lighting up their faces and making their eyes twinkle . 
 for two hours , they had forgotten their own troubles and illnesses , and had lived in the world of magic that we created . 
 this was the reason i wanted to act for the rest of my life . 
 she must have been watching the whole time , because she would have had to time her arrival perfectly . 
 everyone after the final curtain call was to exit stage right and head to the lobby immediately , so that the audience would be greeted by what appeared to be the continuation of the ball when they exited the theater . 
 i happened to turn my head at the right moment , and i saw the cloud of dark and red hair standing in the wings . 
 and somehow , i knew porsche standing peacefully in the wings with selene was n't likely . 
 `` liam , '' i breathed , trying not to attract attention as we took a second bow . 
 he turned to me , a wide grin on his face . 
 `` uh huh ? '' 
 i bobbed my head subtly towards the wings . 
 he raised an eyebrow and the leaned back , and i saw his eyes widen . 
 turning his head towards the stagehand on the left , he indicated the curtain should fall after our third bow . 
 i still heard endless amounts of applause , and the cast seemed disappointed to not be receiving it , but liam took charge , immediately . 
 `` all of you , to the lobby now . 
 go , '' he boomed , and they went , without a word . 
 most of them were grinning and slapping each other on the back . 
 `` you should go too , amy , '' he said , and i shook my head , meeting his eyes . 
 there was no way i was leaving him now , not when i had just gotten him back . 
 `` no . 
 this is no longer just your fight . 
 i 'm involved too , whether you like it or not . '' 
 `` fine , '' he narrowed his eyes , taking my hand . 
 `` but , at the first sign of trouble , you bolt . 
 run . 
 you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i nodded and took his hand . 
 if he was to face selene , then i was going to be standing by his side . 
 when we were finally alone on the stage , liam turned casually towards the wings , as if we were just wandering in the wrong direction . 
 as we got closer , i tensed up . 
 selene was standing behind porsche , who looked rigid and uncomfortable , her jaw set . 
 her eyes were wide and she was trying to warn us off , i could see it . 
 but liam , my brave liam , was having none of it . 
 `` ah , my beautiful liam . 
 what a performance . '' 
 selene 's french accent was thick , but it only added to her beauty . 
 she truly was the most beautiful woman i had ever seen in my life . 
 but the evil that lay behind her eyes brought the reality home for me . 
 this was a woman to be feared , to be hated . 
 `` porsche , are you alright ? '' 
 liam asked , ignoring selene . 
 porsche shrugged , although i could see she was petrified . 
 `` sure , '' she managed . 
 liam took a step closer and selene growled at him . 
 `` do n't move , boy . '' 
 `` what is it i can do for you ? '' 
 liam asked her , calmly , as if this were a normal conversation . 
 `` you came to check on me , selene , same as last year . 
 and so here i am . 
 operating the school , flying under the radar , acting human and sucking blood bags . 
 so what is it you want ? 
 let go of porsche before i rip you limb from limb , '' he said it mildly , as if they were talking about the weather . 
 but i could see his eyes darken , and i knew he meant it . 
 `` but you are n't . '' 
 selene replied , and her eyes darted to me . 
 `` you are n't exactly keeping what you are a secret , are you , liam ? '' 
 `` amy , get behind me , '' he growled , not giving me a choice in the matter . 
 his arm pulled me back , but i fought to face selene . 
 `` are you talking about me ? '' 
 i asked , with more courage in my voice than i ever had in my life . 
 `` yes , liam told me what he was . 
 but i would never ever tell anyone . 
 i did n't even want to believe it myself . '' 
 `` ah , little one , your integrity does not factor into the vampire code . 
 liam 's job was to keep everything quiet , and yet i see two humans here who know what we are , '' she replied , and liam smirked . 
 `` except you seem to be breathing right now , selene , so may i remind you that i could snap your neck like a twig in one move . 
 let go of porsche , now , or i 'll make sure you are human for the rest of your miserable life . '' 
 i could see he meant it too , his fist clenching at his side . 
 never in my whole life had i ever wanted anyone to die , until tonight . 
 anger burned up inside me until i was seeing red . 
 i wanted nothing more than to see selene running for her life , and then lifeless on the floor . 
 `` kill me , liam , and you know what happens , '' her voice was ominous , and my mind was spinning . 
 `` but i 'm dying too ! '' 
 i blurted out , and everyone turned to me . 
 `` i mean ... i will . 
 sooner than a normal person . 
 like porsche , i 'm also hiv positive . 
 so even though i know liam 's secret ... it 's not like i 'm going to know it for 100 years . '' 
 `` amy , '' liam 's face softened as he turned to me . 
 `` do n't talk like that . '' 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 porsche whimpered and squirmed and we both turned back . 
 selene had her arm twisted behind her back and i could see she was hurting her . 
 liam met porsche 's eyes and raised an eyebrow . 
 very slowly , porsche gave the tiniest nod . 
 i felt my stomach plummet . 
 here , it was going to happen here and now , and i was going to be witness to it . 
 porsche would accept the death sentence liam gave her and transform into a vampire . 
 my eyes were darting around the theater , trying to think of an exit plan to get porsche and i out , when all of sudden , selene laughed . 
 `` liam , such a pretty face , but you are n't very smart , are you ? 
 but then , i guess that 's always been the case , failing to do your research . 
 that 's what you were famous for , was n't it ? 
 showing up on set having no idea what the movie was even about ? '' 
 `` selene ... '' liam 's grip on my arm tightened . 
 `` let . 
 her . 
 go . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it 's not going to make a difference . '' 
 she twisted , and porsche doubled over . 
 she gagged twice and then threw up , her legs trembling . 
 my heart went out for her and i closed my eyes , leaning against liam . 
 `` liam , make her better , '' i whispered . 
 `` let it end for her , please . '' 
 selene threw her head back and laughed , seemingly unaffected by porsche 's pain . 
 `` i can grant that wish . 
 let me be exceptionally clear for you , liam , because you and your little performer friends have always been stupid . 
 this lovely beautiful ballerina here is a shield , as you know . 
 a shield blocks all supernatural powers . 
 all of them . 
 and she is a very powerful shield indeed , probably one of the most powerful i 've ever seen . 
 it 's a shame , really . '' 
 she jerked porsche upwards , an arm around her neck tightly . 
 liam tensed , ready to pounce . 
 `` yes , '' he said , confirming every face . 
 `` but porsche 's existence is not to end . '' 
 `` and how do you propose that , exactly ? '' 
 selene asked . 
 `` you can bind a shield to you so that she will serve you , and your powers wo n't be as affected . 
 in return , you can give her protection for her family , money , happiness in the bedroom , whatever it was she sought . 
 but you can not change the fact that her blood is supernaturally resistant . 
 you can not transform a shield , liam . 
 they are doomed to be mortal , forever . '' 
 chapter 24 : liam i felt the world rumble at selene 's statement . 
 porsche 's glazed eyes looked up to meet mine in horror , her jaw unclenching to scream . 
 it must have happened fast , but it felt like slow motion . 
 i was already trying to calculate what to do when selene 's arm muscles tensed around porsche 's neck , and in less than a second , my beautiful ballerina was lying limp on the floor . 
 `` noooo ! '' 
 i howled , and was struck by a bolt of pain , as i felt my transformation rush into me . 
 it nearly crippled me and i half fell , half stumbled towards her body , grabbing for her neck . 
 her head bobbed around like a ragdoll , her eyes lifeless and looking skyward . 
 i sunk my fast growing fangs into her trachea , the spot of transformation . 
 if you wanted to drink blood , you drank from the side of the neck and could leave the body half drained without fear . 
 but if you wanted to sire someone , you bit the front , on either side of the trachea . 
 porsche 's blood was rancid and i nearly gagged . 
 my transformation was rushing through my body , trying to make up for lost time . 
 it was disorientating and painful as my heart suddenly stopped and i found i could n't breathe . 
 but what was the most painful of all was that her body remained limp , despite the fact that my venom should have been seeping into her veins . 
 she had been dead less than a minute , which was still well in the clear to transform . 
 as long as the body was still warm , you had time . 
 but porsche , my savior , my best friend , stayed dead . 
 i bit her again and again , nearly gouging out her broken throat . 
 `` c'mon , baby , '' i said , giving her a little shake . 
 `` c'mon . 
 wake up . 
 wake up . 
 you 're stronger than this . 
 there 's no more pain on this side , no more disease . 
 i promised you immortality , porsche , and it 's yours to have , you just have to take it . 
 come on ! '' 
 her body flopped around , her red hair flying across her face . 
 she was so thin , and so clearly so sick , it must have been torture for her to last as long as she did . 
 she had waited it out , given me that , and now , i had nothing to give her . 
 `` porsche , '' my voice came out broken , and i felt amy kneel down next to me , taking my hand . 
 `` liam . 
 liam , '' she tried to pull me back . 
 `` she 's gone , liam . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i ripped away from amy , biting into the ravaged throat once again . 
 but it was no use , as i knew it would n't be . 
 her body was lifeless and she was n't coming back . 
 i sank back onto my heels , my sobs coming in gasps . 
 i did n't realize i could feel this way , fully transformed . 
 i had never cried as a vampire , and it was worse than being human . 
 everything felt more intense , more unmanageable . 
 i felt like that pain would never stop , never let up . 
 it was only amy 's arms around me , warm and beating with life , that let me even think straight . 
 amy was crying too , her face buried in my neck , but she was silent about it - the cry of one who had accepted fate . 
 and i guess she had to ; this beautiful girl whom i loved more than anything . 
 amy had lost her mother and long since accepted that her own death would come sooner than others . 
 she was in touch with both life and death ; something i , in my three years as a vampire , had never been able to accept . 
 there was a wisdom about her that was far superior to her years . 
 her eyes were full of understanding that i could never hope to gain . 
 `` there 's another life , you know , '' amy said , through her tears . 
 `` it 's not just ... human or vampire . 
 there 's a whole other existence out there , a whole other place where there 's happiness and no pain . 
 and that 's where she is now , liam . '' 
 `` this is my fault , '' i managed , unable to look at the body that lay just beyond us . 
 `` it 's not , '' amy said , sitting up to meet my eyes . 
 her eyes were clear , despite the tears . 
 `` this is not your fault . 
 you did not make the choice to do this , liam . 
 your choice was to save her , and hers was to save you . 
 it was selene who interfered with all that , and the death is on her hands . '' 
 she was inches from my face , and this time , there was no recoiling or flinching at my appearance . 
 i knew i must be in full vampire mode , but amy did n't seem to care . 
 she was gazing upon me as if i was fully human . 
 `` selene , '' i looked up , suddenly , remembering . 
 `` she ran , '' amy said . 
 `` transformed as well . 
 as soon as porsche ... '' she reached up to wipe tears from her face . 
 `` she 'll be back , '' i said , shakily . 
 `` she always is . 
 and she 'll pay , for what she did . 
 for taking more than one life that was not hers to take . '' 
 i wanted to get up , run , anywhere , do something . 
 but i knew it was no use . 
 selene would be long gone by now . 
 she was centuries old , and i had no hope of finding her if she did not want to be found . 
 the smartest thing to do was wait , wait until she came back , which i knew she would . 
 i crawled forward a few paces . 
 even in death , porsche was beautiful . 
 i closed her eyes and it had the effect that she was sleeping . 
 as if my redheaded beauty would wake at any moment . 
 but she would not ; not from her eternal slumber . 
 the grief struck me hard , and had it not been for amy 's steadying grip , i would have joined her . 
 `` i love you , '' i turned to amy , whose eyes widened in shock . 
 it was n't the best moment , but i had to say it . 
 `` i love you , and i have pretty much since the first day i met you . 
 and i do n't think i can live without you , amy , so please say you 're not going anywhere . '' 
 `` i already told you i 'm not , '' she said , softly . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 ever . 
 i love you too , liam . 
 i 'm sorry i ran from you . 
 i should n't have . '' 
 `` no , '' i shook my head . 
 `` you had every right too . 
 this love , amy , this love is not easy . 
 it 's probably going to be the hardest thing in the world . 
 and it 's dangerous . 
 selene knows that you know now , and she 's right , you should n't . 
 but i promise , i will do everything in my power to protect you . 
 because i do n't think i can do this alone , my love . 
 i ca n't be alone any longer . '' 
 `` you never were , '' she placed a hand over mine . 
 we sat in silence for a long moment , each lost in our own thoughts . 
 finally , she spoke . 
 `` should i call 9-1-1 ? 
 i mean ... i know there 's nothing ... but ... '' `` yes , '' i nodded , running a hand over my face . 
 `` one of her pet peeves was theater shows getting delayed . 
 she 'd probably kill me if she knew we were sitting here right now , instead of going to accept our audience . 
 they 'll be waiting for us . '' 
 `` we ca n't just ... leave her here , '' amy said . 
 `` we can , '' i took one last look at her before standing up . 
 `` porsche 's part in this tale is done , although i will never forget her . 
 call 9-1-1 , amy , and tell them we found her dead . 
 i will not have her name buried under a murder investigation . '' 
 `` they 'll know , '' amy wiped her eyes . 
 `` they 'll know something is wrong . 
 look at her throat . '' 
 `` they 'll know , '' i agreed . 
 `` but the world does n't have to . 
 porsche de ritter will remain a beautiful ballerina who slipped away . '' 
 amy nodded , already dialing the number on her cell phone . 
 i closed my eyes , trying to regain control of all my limbs . 
 none of this seemed real . 
 the underlying feeling was anger . 
 i wanted to go mad , to find selene and rip her apart and make sure she suffered in her last moments as porsche did . 
 had amy not been in my life , i would have wanted to go on a rampage - hunt down the french vampire and her kind until nothing remained . 
 and then likely , i would have thrown myself off a bridge into a watery grave . 
 but amy made all the difference . 
 she stood , her shoulders tensed with courage as she spoke to the 9-1-1 operator , and she looked up at me , offering me the tiniest smile . 
 without her , i would be nothing more than a monster . 
 but with her in my life , her heart beat strong and fierce , i had a chance to live again . 
 `` it 's done , '' she said , hanging up the phone . 
 `` they 'll be here soon . '' 
 `` can you make me look presentable ? '' 
 i asked her , angling my head so there was light on it . 
 `` the world should know that she 's gone . 
 let 's make tonight for her . '' 
 `` i uh ... i can try , '' she replied , eyeing my makeup . 
 `` wait , '' i turned back to porsche , taking a deep breath that i did n't need to steel myself . 
 leaning down , i planted a kiss on her cheek , which was now cold . 
 `` dance in heaven , princess , '' i whispered , trying not to let the tears fall again . 
 `` thank you , for everything . 
 i 'll be alright . 
 amy will help me be alright . 
 no more pain now . '' 
 i closed my eyes , trying to accept the reality that lay before me . 
 after a moment , i rose as well , taking amy 's hand to steady myself . 
 `` let 's go give her a final curtain call , '' i said , and amy nodded . 
 her makeup job was n't perfect , but between the two of us , we managed to make me look human . 
 i felt sick inside , and craved no blood , which i supposed could only help me . 
 any lingering vampire appearance could be explained away by the fact that my beast makeup had n't been properly removed . 
 on shaking legs , and with amy 's help , we climbed the staircase in the lobby , taking our place on the balcony . 
 as soon as we appeared , the audience waiting below burst into applause . 
 camera flashes went off , and cheers went up . 
 i closed my eyes , taking amy 's hand . 
 she squeezed it tight , nodding to me with encouragement . 
 `` thank you , '' i spoke into the microphone that had been carefully placed . 
 `` but your applause is not just for me tonight , but for the hundreds of people who helped make this production happen . 
 i could not have done it alone . 
 none of us want to do anything alone , '' i swallowed , careful not to let my eyes shine with tears . 
 amy squeezed my hand again and i waited until the crowd was completely silent . 
 `` without amy ... my beauty , i could not have felt what the beast felt on stage . 
 amy , from our first meeting , had a very special place in my heart , and she will continue to do so as we continue both our professional ... and personal relationship next year . '' 
 the crowd gasped , and amy gasped as well . 
 i could only offer her a smile though . 
 i was sick of hiding from the whole world ; hiding everything and keep everything a secret . 
 i loved her , and i wanted everyone to know that . 
 to reinforce what i said , i leaned in , kissing her gently on the lips . 
 `` i do love you , '' i told her , and she nodded , stunned . 
 `` and there 's no use hiding it anymore . '' 
 `` i love you too , '' she whispered , delivering me another kiss while the crowd went wild . 
 finally , we broke apart and i turned back to the microphone , my job not yet done . 
 loving amy was the easy part . 
 telling them what i had to tell them next was hard . 
 `` i also ... '' i swallowed hard . 
 `` i also could n't have done this play without a very good friend of mine . 
 porsche de ritter ... '' i almost choked on saying her name , but managed to continue . 
 `` porsche was my first scholarship winner , although her time here was short ... '' amy choked at this , turning away slightly . 
 `` she danced for the russian national ballet for 3 years as their prima donna , and she had quite a future ahead of her . 
 she always found time to help out here , however , the place that gave her the start she needed ... as many of you know , porsche also suffered from aids , and it became harder to work as she got sicker . 
 however she never faltered on her commitments and her dedication to helping me with this show ... '' i trailed off , not knowing where to go from here . 
 i scanned the crowd , and saw students , teachers , and the media holding their breath . 
 `` it is with great sadness that i announce porsche 's passing , early this evening . 
 true to form , she made sure beauty and the beast went on without a hitch . '' 
 i raised a glass someone handed me and the crowd did the same , in stunned silence . 
 `` so to porsche . 
 and to amy . '' 
 i put an arm around her . 
 `` and to unconventional love . '' 
 it was as i knocked back the champagne that i spotted her in the crowd . 
 she had on sunglasses and her mouth was closed , and so it was enough to hide what she really was . 
 but selene stood there , in the center of everyone , looking up at me with a sneer . 
 `` forever , '' she mouthed at me , making time stand still for just that moment . 
 and then amy hugged me , and selene was gone , as if she just melted away . 
 if my heart was beating it would have been beating swiftly at that moment . 
 as amy hugged me , and the crowd drank to my toast , and i focused on the spot where selene was . 
 i realized i needed to end this , once and for all . 
 for porsche , for amy , and for me . 
 chapter 25 - amy for three weeks , life almost felt normal again . 
 a great sadness had come over the school , but it pushed us to be better at our work , at the show , at everything . 
 it reminded us that life was short , and we should take every opportunity we could get . 
 and so we did . 
 my friends and i began to go out more and seeing the city as never before . 
 we had long talks at the cafeteria tables about our hopes and dreams and how we wanted to make them a reality . 
 while charisma was excellent at acting , she revealed what she really wanted to do was be a director . 
 another girl piped up with her dreams of a screenplay , and soon , we had a full movie plotted out to be shot and filmed when i returned from my gatsby tour . 
 we talked about love , and loss . 
 i discovered more than one girl had lost a parent , and some had no memories of anything but single parent life . 
 i showed them the very few surviving photographs of my mom that i had , and we shared in the grief . 
 we talked about drugs , about disease and death . 
 it was no secret that porsche contracted aids from a dirty needle , and a lifestyle choice that she should have done without . 
 for the first time , the hard partiers in the group began to realize that there was more to life than the dark of the night . 
 and of course , we talked about liam . 
 although i did n't want to share too much , everyone wanted to know the details of our love affair . 
 i shared what i could , the difficulty of being together despite the age and status difference . 
 charisma told me she had once dated a man twenty years older than her , which of course , caused the others to gasp . 
 the attention turned away me , and as i listened , i realized how lucky i was , despite all of this tragedy . 
 if anyone had told me what my life would be like a year ago , i would have laughed in their face . 
 but now , i was happy . 
 truly happy . 
 my father , of course , took that as an opportunity to sit down and grill liam within an inch of his life . 
 quite the opposite of their meeting in the fall , when it was liam lording over both of us ; i almost laughed as i watched him sit across from my father at lunch and squirm uncomfortably at questions about his intentions and his integrity . 
 `` no , sir , of course i wo n't keep her up late . 
 i do n't like being up late . 
 in fact , you 'll never see me after sunset , '' liam swore , looking my father straight in the eye across our family dinner table . 
 `` amy 's future success and happiness is always my main concern . '' 
 `` and no sleepovers , '' my father said , returning the look . 
 liam seemed to shrink in his chair , and nodded , blushing furiously . 
 `` good . 
 looks like we 'll get along then , headmaster . '' 
 `` yes , '' liam replied , although he would n't look away from his food . 
 i smiled , cutting into mine . 
 the fact that liam had never had a serious relationship before did n't really throw me off . 
 neither had i , although our upbringings had been very different . 
 at first , i had been terrified of what my father might say when he found out . 
 but now , i saw that he just had my safety in mind , and wanted to make sure liam made me happy . 
 which , i assured him , he did . 
 since liam 's announcement , it seemed like the whole world knew within a matter of hours . 
 he had assured the press that we fell in love after my acceptance to the school not before . 
 and although those rumors still swelled , it did n't matter . 
 those close to us knew the truth . 
 my graduation papers had been scrapped , and i would return for another year after gatsby went on tour this summer . 
 i had not gotten the tv audition , no surprise there , but liam had stepped in to offer his assistance and get me a proper talent agent . 
 with liam 's guidance , i began to learn the ins and outs of the industry beyond what the school taught me . 
 how to spot a scam ; how to know when it 's ok to laugh in an audition and when you have to stay stoic . 
 how to get your name and face noticed without being in the way . 
 having passed all of my courses , my final year would be more of an independent study , in which i was expected to put a production of my own , overseeing all aspects . 
 ideas were already swirling in my head as i thought of what i would do ; everything from serious dramas to full broadway productions . 
 i was amazed at how much work went into a production , and i realized whatever i put on would truly have to make me happy all year because it was going to take up all of my time . 
 but this was not the time to think about it . 
 having closed beauty and the beast last night , we were to head to the theater after lunch for a different kind of show . 
 porsche 's funeral . 
 the russian national ballet had , in cooperation with liam , flown in to put on one final show ; a final goodbye to their young prima donna . 
 i was trying not to think about it , sitting in the theater seats where she had sat only a few weeks ago , surrounded by people who had known and loved her . 
 porsche 's family , having never actually appeared in person , had requested that the results of her autopsy be kept a secret , much to our relief . 
 to the world , the ballerina passed away from an aids related infection that took her life suddenly , but not unexpectedly . 
 already , i knew the russian national had replaced her and life would move on . 
 but as lunch ended and we separated to get changed , it was getting harder and harder . 
 `` how is everything ? '' 
 sarah asked , as i put her on speakerphone an hour later , rummaging around my room for my black outfit . 
 `` it 's ... ok . '' 
 i replied , pulling off my clothes to put the dress over my head . 
 `` i mean , as ok as can be expected . 
 liam 's sad , of course , and i miss her ... but we 're ok . 
 he took me out for pizza yesterday before the show and we had a good time . 
 sometimes ... '' i took a deep breath , looking at myself in the mirror . 
 `` sometimes i think my heart will burst from loving him so much . 
 this is like , hollywood movie type love . 
 i thought it was fake . '' 
 `` it is a hollywood romance , '' sarah sighed happily on the other side of the phone . 
 `` and trust me , i know all about it because even here , the tabloid magazines tell me your every move . 
 how was your pepperoni pizza with olives , by the way ? '' 
 `` shut up , '' i laughed , a rare occurrence in the past few weeks , as i swept my hair up into a bun . 
 `` did you submit your application yet for the school ? 
 deadlines for the graduate program are only a few days away . '' 
 liam had decided to branch out and offer a graduate program next year that would be housed in a small building just off campus . 
 he wanted no more than 10 students to try it out , and i , of course , had recommended sarah . 
 she did n't know yet , but i was pretty sure all i had to do was say the word and liam would let her in . 
 `` i 'm just finishing it up , '' she replied . 
 `` i 'm so excited . 
 we could spend all next year together ! '' 
 `` well regardless , i 'll see you in a few weeks , '' i said , putting a final pin in my hair . 
 `` yes , i ca n't wait to see you in gatsby , chorus member number 5 , '' she teased me , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i should go , sarah . 
 it 's almost time . '' 
 `` yeah , '' her voice dropped a note . 
 `` i wish i could be there for you , amy . '' 
 `` soon enough , '' i smiled sadly as i went to the phone . 
 `` soon enough . 
 i 'll talk to you later . '' 
 `` bye , '' she said , and hung up , leaving me alone in the silence of the room . 
 a knock came at the door , and i opened it . 
 liam stood there , head to toe in black as well . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 `` as ready as i 'll ever be , '' he replied . 
 `` amy , there 's a lot of paparazzi outside , alright ? 
 i just wanted to warn you . '' 
 `` they ca n't even give us a moment 's peace , for a funeral ? '' 
 i asked , as i locked my door and we headed towards the theater . 
 liam sighed . 
 `` this is ... the life i chose . 
 but it does n't have to be yours . '' 
 `` do n't be silly , '' i said , taking his arm . 
 `` it is , and there 's no way out of it . '' 
 had we not had reserved seats in the theater , we never would have gotten in . 
 every seat and aisle was packed with people who knew porsche and who would miss her terribly . 
 taking liam 's hand at the start of the service , i bit my lip , resolving not to cry . 
 i wanted to be strong for him . 
 however , when the corps de ballet came out onto the stage and performed a short piece behind a holographic video of my friend , i could n't stop the tears . 
 liam , however , was looking straight ahead , his eyes almost unseeing as he watching . 
 he had no tears , although his eyes were dark and his jaw was set . 
 he held my hand throughout the entire service , and he spoke a eulogy that would break even the hardest of hearts . 
 but it seemed he had resolved to let no one see what he was feeling . 
 porsche was buried in a cemetery in the center of the city , `` where everyone will see her all the time '' liam had said , with a half smile . 
 the service at the cemetery was smaller , and more private . 
 i recognized almost everyone surrounding the grave from the funeral , except for a group off to the side . 
 most of them with flaming red hair as well , they kept to themselves , almost as if they were lurkers . 
 they also did n't cry , but looked on with stony faces , as the dirt covered her grave . 
 `` liam , '' i said when they had finally disturbed me to the point where i had to say something . 
 he looked up then , as if recovering from a coma . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` there . 
 them . 
 who are they ? '' 
 i nodded in their direction and he followed my eye line . 
 finally , for the first time in hours , i saw him react . 
 `` hm , i was expecting they 'd be here . '' 
 he said , watching . 
 one of them looked up , and met his eyes , and then whispered to the group . 
 `` they 're shields : the camerons , the mcintoshes and the de ritters . 
 i do n't think any of them are the official shields for their bloodlines , the ones with the most power , but they all carry it . 
 they probably know who the next one is already . '' 
 `` and they want to talk to you , '' i said , watching as the same one tried to catch liam 's eye . 
 he sighed , letting go of my hand . 
 his beautiful eyes met mine . 
 they glistened with deep sorrow , and a strange resolve that unnerved me . 
 `` i want you to stay here , amy . '' 
 `` sure , '' i replied , although i was thoroughly confused . 
 he gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and then let go of my hand , heading off . 
 watching , the shields surrounded him immediately . 
 i could see by his body posture he was in no danger , but curiosity was burning through me . 
 what was it that they wanted ? 
 and what was liam planning ? 
 epilogue - liam i approached the shields cautiously . 
 they were giving me looks that should have burned holes through my skin , and i had to force myself to smile as i approached , holding out my hand . 
 not to my great surprise , none of them took it . 
 `` i 'm liam , '' i said . 
 `` it 's good of you to come . 
 i knew porsche very well , and i 'm very sorry for your loss . '' 
 `` her body was defiled , '' one of them growled at me , and it took every ounce of will i had to stand my ground . 
 `` her throat was gouged out . '' 
 i looked around to make sure no one was listening , and then lowered my voice . 
 `` yes , and i 'm sorry for that . 
 in return for her service , porsche wanted immortality , a life with no pain . 
 i realize this is against everything you stand for ... but porsche was friend , my best friend , and it was her choice . 
 i did n't ... i did n't know that it was an impossible promise , and neither did she . 
 she died a hero , saving my life and the life of my ... amy . '' 
 i was n't sure what to say . 
 there was a long silence , and then at last , one of them , a man in his fifties , stepped forward , his hand extended . 
 `` i am thomas de ritter , '' he said . 
 `` porsche was my daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry for your loss , sir , '' i said , with as much respect as i could . 
 porsche had rarely spoken of her parents , having left home at a young age to pursue a career in dance that they did n't believe in . 
 on a few drunken nights , she had told me stories of them breaking her dreams and not believing in her talent ; stories i could share . 
 my own parents were across the ocean , still shaking their heads that their son played make believe for a living . 
 i could only imagine their reaction if i explained to them i was also a vampire . 
 `` we had our differences , but you made her dream come true . 
 and i believe she was happy in the last years of her life , and for that i thank you . '' 
 `` she was very happy , '' i said , in memory . 
 `` dancing was all she ever wanted to do . '' 
 `` well , then , i thank you for helping her , '' he replied , and there was another pause , as i tried to gather the courage for what i wanted to say next . 
 `` i was wondering , sir ... if you wanted to help me . 
 not as payback , by any means , but as assistance to living by your code . '' 
 this attracted the attention of the whole group , who turned to me . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 i felt incredibly human , and i had no doubt that part of that came from being with them . 
 my nerves felt like it was my first stage show and all eyes were on me . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his eyes that looked so much like porsche 's were bearing into me . 
 `` well , sir , what if i asked for your assistance in getting rid of two vampires ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 thomas shot back , clearly interested , but not dropping his guard any further . 
 i bit my lip , looking around once more to check that amy was still too far away to hear what i was about to say : `` my sire , selene . 
 and consequently , myself . '' 
