 chapter one i was sitting in my vinyl swivel chair . 
 the chair had no armrests . 
 it had come with the office , along with the broken particle board desk , missing one corner and warped as hell . 
 someday i would find myself a swivel chair with armrests . 
 and a desk that did n't rock every time i leaned an elbow on it . 
 someday . 
 to my left , sitting on a stainless steel counter next to a stainless steel sink , the compact coffee maker made surprisingly human-like gurgling noises , although i could n't remember the last time i heard a human gurgle . 
 on my desk was a greasy white winchell 's bag , bulging nicely with its contents . 
 the day was young and full of hope . 
 that is , for anyone other than me . 
 for me , it was just another day filled with regret , pain , and eternal guilt . 
 the donuts helped with some of that . 
 and when the coffee was done , i stood up and went over to the coffee maker and filled a metal thermos , then returned to my armless vinyl swivel chair . 
 i sipped the brew and watched the steam march up to the ceiling , voicing my pleasure with a resounding , `` ahh . '' 
 the wind slapped rain against the window , beating a pleasant staccato . 
 i swiveled in my chair , maximizing its full potential , and watched the rain drool down the massive pane , beyond which a low vault of swollen purple clouds meant business . 
 memories of my son playing with plastic boats in the gutters came rushing back to me , and i let the tears flow freely , unable to stop them , not wanting to stop them . 
 minutes later , i came back to the present and reached over to the donut bag . 
 i had just selected a pink sprinkle when the phone rang . 
 i glanced at my watch : 7:22 a.m. early for a client . 
 i lifted the receiver and held it against my ear and waited . 
 i took a bite of the donut , as sprinkles cascaded down my short front like pink rain . 
 in the earpiece , there was some white noise , then a shuffling sound , followed by a long scraping . 
 i took another bite of the donut , then cradled the phone between my ear and shoulder like a pro and took a sip from the thermos . 
 there was now some shallow breathing . 
 very faint . 
 then it came faster . 
 now we were getting somewhere . 
 the rain paused briefly . 
 outside , the storm clouds were the color of brain matter . 
 i next dug into the bag and produced a hefty buttermilk that made me feel good just looking at it . 
 the rain returned , doubling its efforts , pounding the windowpane . 
 somewhere on the distant horizon , sheet lightning flashed . 
 thunder galloped overhead . 
 `` a sad tale 's best for winter , '' i said into the phone . 
 `` what ? '' 
 a young man 's voice . 
 maybe fifteen or sixteen . 
 old enough to find me in the yellow pages , but not old enough to find the courage to speak . 
 `` shakespeare , '' i said . 
 `` when in doubt , quote shakespeare . 
 chicks dig it . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` probably not , but you never know . '' 
 actually that was a trick of mine to help me overcome my own shyness , which had plagued me all my life . 
 quoting other people was far easier than making stuff up as you go . 
 the young man continued saying nothing , but i could hear him breathing . 
 the breathing , i noticed , was coming faster and faster . 
 do n't hyperventilate on me , broheim . 
 i 'm a patient man . 
 in my business , you have to be patient . 
 i also knew that it 's not easy for people to come to other people for help . 
 especially young people . 
 while i waited , i ate . 
 the buttermilk was greasy , but that did n't stop me . 
 i sat forward in my chair and listened into the phone and listened to the rain , and wondered who this young man was , but instinctively knowing that i should wait . 
 that he should make the first move . 
 `` are you spinoza ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 there was a slight squeak to his voice . 
 fourteen , maybe ? 
 `` as ever there was . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means yes . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 more silence . 
 rain slanted diagonally across my window . 
 who has seen the wind , i thought , neither you nor i. `` do you find people ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` how much do you , um , charge to find someone ? '' 
 i set the donut aside and leaned forward on my elbows . 
 `` two tacos , '' i said . 
 `` two what ? '' 
 `` two tacos and maybe a burrito . '' 
 he actually laughed . 
 the sound was muffled , as if he were talking in a closet , or under covers . 
 i figured maybe both . 
 more likely a bathroom , though . 
 `` my mom was killed , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 `` she was killed two years ago . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said again . 
 `` why do you keep saying that ? '' 
 `` because no boy should be without his mother . '' 
 there was a pause and i heard a choking sound on the other end . 
 he muffled the phone so that i could n't hear him cry but he did n't do a very good job of it and i heard the deep sobs and the pain and the immense heartache . 
 as he wept i thought of my boy , but i did not cry . 
 i would not cry with the young man on the phone . 
 alone , yes . 
 but not now . 
 i waited for him to get hold of himself and when he finally did , i asked him if there was anything i could do to help him . 
 he sniffled some more , and told me his tale . 
 and what a tale it was . 
 chapter two i was at astro 's burgers in silver lake . 
 i had just sat down and ordered an orange juice when detective hammer , my cop friend , stepped into the restaurant . 
 he spotted me and came over . 
 `` you 're late , '' i said as hammer sat . 
 `` i 'm a homicide detective with the los angeles police department . 
 you 're lucky i even give you the time of day . '' 
 `` private eyes are people , too , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , but they ai n't real cops . '' 
 he waved the waitress over and put in his order . 
 a milkshake , fries and double cheeseburger . 
 `` should i call 911 now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you better hope i do n't keel over ; otherwise , you would be minus your only cop friend in los angeles . '' 
 `` i can always make another cop friend . '' 
 hammer snorted . 
 `` not you , pal . 
 you can barely look a waitress in the eye . '' 
 `` i 'm shy . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` i thought only teen girls were shy . '' 
 `` think again . '' 
 our drinks came , although i was using the word `` drink '' loosely in his case . 
 the milkshake might as well have been ice cream . 
 in fact , hammer quickly ditched the straw and used his spoon . 
 he said , between slurps , `` so how did you hear about the evelyn case ? '' 
 `` her son hired me to find her . '' 
 hammer choked on his milk shake . 
 i could have been wrong , but i think some of it even came out of his nostrils . 
 he covered his face and coughed some more and i handed him a napkin . 
 `` he does realize his mother is dead , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` he also understands that her body is missing . '' 
 `` he hired you to find a corpse ? '' 
 `` somebody has to . '' 
 hammer continued shoveling in his shake . 
 some of it got into his cop mustache , where it was quickly absorbed . 
 i wondered what else had been absorbed into his mustache . 
 `` yeah , '' said hammer . 
 `` i suppose someone 's got to . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` my first grave robbing case . 
 i mean , have you ever heard of such a thing ? '' 
 `` not since frankenstein . '' 
 hammer shook his head . 
 `` what the hell would anyone do with it ? '' 
 he turned green and actually set aside his shake . 
 `` on second thought , i do n't want to know . '' 
 `` who worked the initial homicide ? '' 
 `` yours truly . '' 
 `` full circle , '' i said . 
 `` yeah . 
 first we catch the killer - the husband , always the husband - and now i have to run down the fucking body . 
 what are the chances ? '' 
 `` slim to none , '' i said . 
 `` where 's the husband now ? '' 
 `` in san quentin . 
 death row . '' 
 `` tell me about it , '' i said . 
 `` the usual story . 
 an abusive bastard . 
 beat her up often . 
 one day he does n't stop punching and brings a knife into play . 
 a fucking butter knife that he kept near his bed . '' 
 `` premeditative ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 stabbed her seventy-two times . '' 
 now i nearly choked on my orange juice . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 `` bloodiest crime scene i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` so why was the body exhumed ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there 's a paternity case going on . 
 apparently , a son has appeared out of nowhere , claiming to be an heir . 
 i 'm assuming it 's the same son who hired you . '' 
 `` an heir to what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a significant fortune . 
 the family was loaded . 
 the loving couple left behind boat loads to two legitimate kids . '' 
 `` and now there 's an illegitimate kid . '' 
 hammer nodded as our food arrived . 
 he immediately shoved three fat steak fries under his mustache into what i assumed was his mouth . 
 his rat-like mustache twitched once , twice , and the fries disappeared . 
 i ate my fries as well , but i ate them one at a time , and i did n't have a rat-like mustache . 
 hammer nodded . 
 `` you guessed it . 
 a legitimate kid who wants in on the family 's money . '' 
 `` was there a will ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 and it did indeed name a son whom she offered up for adoption years ago . '' 
 `` so he might the one . '' 
 `` or not . 
 lots of scams out there , spinoza . 
 you know that . 
 anyway , the kid , your client , goes through the proper channels and next thing i hear they 're digging up mamma . 
 only she 's not where she 's supposed to be . '' 
 `` curiouser and curiouser , '' i said . 
 `` fucking sick , if you ask me . '' 
 but not so sick as to stop him from sinking his teeth deep into the burger . 
 `` any leads ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nope , '' he said , chewing furiously . 
 `` but if you see a corpse lying around , lem me know . 
 i 'm trying like hell to pawn this case off on the robbery division , since they deal with human trafficking , too . '' 
 `` a loophole in the lapd divisions , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , but it 's not shaking out the way i 'd hoped . 
 so far , chief wants me in on it because i 'm familiar with the case . 
 like i 've got nothing better to do then look for a stolen fucking body . '' 
 `` a waste of your considerable talents , '' i said . 
 `` do n't fuck with me , spinoza . 
 i got two new homicides in the last 24 hours alone . 
 last thing i need to be doing is looking for a bunch of bones . '' 
 `` sounds like you might need my help , too , '' i said . 
 `` not likely , but if you want to poke around , feel free . '' 
 `` i 'll need a copy of your file , '' i said . 
 `` it 's illegal for me to give you a copy of my file . '' 
 `` it 's never stopped you before . '' 
 `` i know , '' said hammer , polishing off the burger . 
 `` i just needed to officially say it before i accidentally email you a copy of the electronic file . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` accidents do happen . '' 
 chapter three i was in my office when , a short while later , detective hammer `` accidentally '' sent me an email containing the entire contents of his investigation into the murder of evelyn drake . 
 he followed his mistake by sending me an email stating that he had fucked up and sent the email incorrectly , and that i was , by law , to delete it immediately . 
 which i did , after i had `` accidentally '' printed out the entire contents . 
 and with my feet propped up on my desk during a quiet afternoon , when my phone neither rang nor clients stepped in , i read the file , glued to the pages . 
 hammer was a helluva homicide detective , i give him that , although i would never tell him in person . 
 actually , hammer reminded me of another detective i 'd recently had the pleasure of working with , an ex-football player out of orange county . 
 cocky as hell , but meticulous and driven . 
 like hammer . 
 anyway , hammer had made detailed file notes and reports , and it was all riveting stuff . 
 from phone calls to interviews , to eyewitness testimonies and crime scene reports , it told a compelling story of heartbreak and murder , and i was glued to the pages until the sun went down . 
 during the course of the investigation , hammer had had his hands full . 
 the husband had tried his damnedest to cover his tracks and set up a fake alibi . 
 through dogged investigative work and following hunch after hunch , hammer had cracked the case and nailed the murderous husband , who was now currently rotting in san quentin , awaiting execution . 
 for good reason . 
 within these pages was a very sad tale of an abused woman and her worthless husband . 
 she had spent decades being abused and tormented , only to finally find escape in death . 
 she left behind two teenage children and , according to the will , a third . 
 apparently , she had given up a boy for adoption when she had been very young . 
 no other information was known or mentioned about the boy , just the small notation in the will ... and a sizable trust fund . 
 i turned in my swivel chair and looked out my second-story window . 
 my office sat on a small hillock above some shabbier homes in echo park , a burrow of los angeles made famous in movies and film . 
 for now the street below was quiet and the far horizon shimmered with more beauty than los angeles deserved . 
 for all the smog that it pumped into its skies , the horizon should have been gray and black and dead , instead alive with nearly every color of the rainbow . 
 a corpse , at some point , had been dug up from the grave and removed . 
 i knew there were body snatches out there . 
 folks who sold cadavers illegally for reasons known only to them . 
 i suspected for illegal research projects . 
 but such cases were damn rare . 
 but , as the pawn shop guy on tv says , `` you never know what 's going to come in through your door next . '' 
 in this case , it had been a phone call from an orphaned teenage boy presently seeking a dna maternity test from a murdered mother he 'd never met . 
 i sat back in my chair and closed my eyes . 
 behind me , through my open window , i heard a bum singing drunkenly . 
 unremarkably , he was singing `` 99 bottles of beer on the wall '' except he was so drunk that he was adding bottles . 
 he was currently at 132 bottles of beer on the wall , although he occasionally skipped three or four bottles ahead . 
 myself , i had n't had anything to drink in two years , not since the night my son lost his life . 
 i took in some air and did n't fight the pain that overcame me all over again , perhaps for the fiftieth time that day . 
 i let the pain run its course and when i was done weeping again , i stood up from my desk , grabbed my light jacket off the back of my chair , and headed out to meet the orphaned son for the first time . 
 chapter four we were in echo park , sitting on a park bench before a man-made lake . 
 years ago , the lake had been filled with lotus plants - more lotus plants than i had ever seen . 
 but the plants had slowly died off and now they were gone and it saddened the heart . 
 there was a stigma about the park . 
 some thought it was dangerous , and maybe it was , at times . 
 but for the most part , it was a little piece of green and blue in a city of concrete and graffiti . 
 joggers mixed with bums mixed with lovers mixed with god-only-knew-what-their story was . 
 a melting pot of physical fitness , homelessness and drugs . 
 and one curious private investigator and a very lost sixteen-year-old boy . 
 we were sitting side by side , although his backpack was tucked between us . 
 the evening sky was mostly clear , with only a small patch of something gauzy and amorphous high above . 
 the trees around us rustled in the breeze . 
 the breeze carried the smell of pond decay . 
 across the street , boys played basketball at a park . 
 most were shirtless , and most were covered in tattoos . 
 as i watched , a fight nearly broke out , but only a few choice words seemed to be the extent of it . 
 his name was david and he was shy . 
 i was shy , too , and the two did n't combine for a lot of random chit-chat . 
 we had said our greetings and were now sitting quietly on the bench . 
 i finally started things off . 
 `` hot day . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` the nights are n't any better . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how long have you been in l.a. ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a few months now . '' 
 `` where did you live before ? '' 
 `` san francisco . '' 
 i nodded . 
 funny how life was often serendipitous . 
 my last major case had taken me to san francisco . 
 `` what brought you down here ? '' 
 `` my birth mom . '' 
 `` who are you staying with ? '' 
 `` my aunt and uncle . '' 
 `` who were you living with before coming down ? '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` my father . '' 
 `` your adopted father ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what about your adopted mother ? '' 
 `` she died when i was four . '' 
 `` do you like your adopted father ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you ask a lot of questions , '' he said . 
 `` i get paid to ask a lot of questions . '' 
 `` but i 'm only paying you two tacos . '' 
 `` payment is payment . '' 
 david looked at me , squinting against the last of the sun that was hovering somewhere over my right shoulder . 
 david had a smattering of freckles over his nose and cheekbones . 
 i predicted in two years the freckles would be gone . 
 my son had freckles , too . 
 shit . 
 i took in a lot of air . 
 when i had some control over myself , i said , `` why do n't you like your father ? '' 
 `` because he 's lazy and says shitty things . '' 
 `` did he ever hit you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but he was psychologically abusive . '' 
 david nodded . 
 `` yeah , that . '' 
 `` how was he lazy ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he never worked . 
 we usually lived with his girlfriends , until they kicked us out . 
 he made me start working at fourteen , at a girlfriend 's cookie shop . 
 then he took most of the money i made . '' 
 `` he put you to work and then took your money ? '' 
 `` basically . '' 
 `` what do you think about that ? '' 
 `` i hate him . '' 
 i asked him some more questions and i did my best to piece together his often stunted , one-word answers . 
 the kid had known at a young age that he was adopted . 
 his father , apparently , liked to throw his adoption in his face . 
 no doubt to be cruel . 
 apparently his father had not taken his wife 's death too well . 
 in the years after , the man had spent much of his time drinking and man-whoring . 
 david , at about age fifteen , began looking for his birth mother , until he quickly discovered that he could n't request birth parent records in the state of california until he , the adoptee , was twenty-one . 
 but the kid was dogged and industrious , and soon he had the help of a sympathetic superior court judge , who happened to be the mother of a close friend . 
 the judge stepped in and was able to convince the department of social services to release david 's birth mother 's records . 
 she cited extenuating , extraordinary circumstances , the only reason the state would release such information . 
 david did n't know what the extenuating , extraordinary circumstance were , but i suspected the judge had simply pulled a few strings . 
 now with her help , he was able to track down his mother all the way to los angeles , only to discover that she had been slain two years earlier . 
 a mother who had left behind two children and a vast fortune . 
 those two children were being raised by grandparents ; the father , of course , was currently awaiting execution at san quentin . 
 the superior court judge next got hold of the will . 
 in the will , evelyn drake , his birth mother , in an extreme act of generosity , had set up a significant trust fund for him , should he ever come looking for her . 
 david , who was already making arrangements to live with his adopted mother 's sister here in southern california , was set to inherit a good deal of money . 
 but state law insists on a dna test . 
 so one was set , and when it came time to administer the test ; meaning , extracting dna from his mother 's corpse , the body had been discovered missing . 
 which is where i came in . 
 `` that 's a helluva story , kid , '' i said . 
 he looked away , nodded . 
 a shapely rollerblader came blading by . 
 she was followed immediately by a stumbling bum , either drunk or high . 
 the bum was followed , in turn , by a limping golden retriever . 
 the retriever stayed close to the bum and i was briefly touched by the creature 's loyalty . 
 i suspected the dog was the only thing keeping the man alive through sheer love , devotion and protection . 
 there were tears in david 's eyes . 
 it 's bad enough losing one mother , but this kid had lost two . 
 the bum curled up in the fetal position on the grass near the lake , using his arm as a pillow . 
 the golden retriever curled up next to him , ever watchful , keeping his drunken owner safe . 
 a woman nearby immediately got up from the grass and left , shoving one of those e-reader thingies into her purse . 
 `` i do n't really care about the money , '' said david . 
 i nodded . 
 the dog lay its fuzzy muzzle across the back of the unconscious man , who was now snoring loudly . 
 `` i just want to know what happened to her , '' he said . 
 i nodded again , and watched the dog close its eyes , although its ears remained ever alert . 
 chapter five i was with my girlfriend , roxi , at a restaurant called fred 62 . 
 a weird name for a place with great food . 
 i 'm sure the restaurant had all sorts of history , too , although i did n't know it . 
 but i was willing to bet that guys like cagney and hudson and rooney all had eaten here at one point or another . 
 maybe elizabeth taylor had gotten shit-faced drunk in a back booth . 
 or john wayne had punched out some asshole for asking too many lame questions . 
 maybe . 
 i did n't know , but the place had an old hollywood feel to it . 
 ancient vinyl booths . 
 old wood paneling . 
 old posters . 
 hip energy . 
 and set right in the heart of los feliz , itself just north of bustling hollywood . 
 `` i think david schwimmer is eating behind us , '' said roxi . 
 she sounded very excited . 
 `` you mean ross ? '' 
 `` yeah , ross . 
 and do n't say ` where 's rachel ? ' '' 
 `` where 's rachel ? '' 
 `` dumb ass . '' 
 but she was right . 
 at least i think she was right . 
 behind a head of neatly trimmed dark hair flashed the occasional profile of the friends ' star . 
 he was with a beautiful woman , and they were sitting across from another beautiful couple . 
 `` i think you 're right , '' i said . 
 `` it 's all very exciting . '' 
 `` you do n't look very excited . '' 
 `` i live and work in l.a. i see stars all the time . 
 so far , i have yet to see one of them levitate or turn water into wine . '' 
 she pouted . 
 `` you 're such a party-pooper . '' 
 but even as she said those words , i saw her brain turning . 
 steam practically issued from her ears . 
 `` oh , no , '' i said , catching on . 
 `` he does n't want to read your screenplay . '' 
 `` but he 's a director now . 
 this could be my big break . '' 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 `` you do n't believe in me ? '' 
 `` oh , i believe in you , but i doubt this is your big break . '' 
 she pouted some more and seemed to refocus on her menu . 
 `` it 's a good screenplay . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said . 
 `` i read it . '' 
 which was mostly true . 
 i had skimmed it . 
 i found that focusing on anything for too long was nearly impossible these days . 
 it 's hard to read words when you still hear your son screaming . 
 the waiter came by and took our order . 
 i got a big breakfast sandwich , minus the ham , even though it was after 9:00 p.m. roxi liked the sound of it and ordered the same , plus the ham . 
 in fact , she made the waiter put my displaced ham on her sandwich . 
 he wrote everything down like it all made perfect sense , and when he left , roxi asked me what i was working on . 
 i told her about it , or as much as i knew . 
 `` wild , '' she said . 
 `` about as wild as it gets . '' 
 `` and you 're doing it all for free ? '' 
 `` not quite . 
 for two tacos . '' 
 she shook her head sadly . 
 `` you give away too much of your time . 
 you could be doing paying work , you know . '' 
 she next held up her hand , stopping me . 
 `` wait . 
 i already know what you 're going to say . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` you 're going to tell me that it 's not about the money , that it 's about helping those who ca n't help themselves , about making things right in the universe . '' 
 `` that , and i want those tacos . '' 
 `` you ca n't help everybody , spinoza , '' she said , using my last name like most people do . 
 `` nope , but i can sure as hell help some . '' 
 `` but this case is ... gross . 
 you 're looking for a corpse , for christ 's sake . '' 
 `` and giving a young man peace of mind , and perhaps setting him up for the rest of his life . '' 
 `` because his birth mother left him an inheritance . '' 
 `` an inheritance that is rightfully his . '' 
 `` after the dna testing confirms it , '' she said . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` so how does one look for a corpse ? '' 
 `` no clue , '' i said , as the waiter came by with our food . 
 my breakfast sandwich looked glorious . 
 huge and leaning and dripping with hollandaise sauce and ripe avocado slices . 
 roxi 's looked even bigger , with her two fat slices of ham . 
 `` do me a favor , '' she said , as she picked up her sandwich . 
 `` let 's not talk about corpses while we eat . '' 
 chapter six i started looking for the corpse at the only place i could think of : the cemetery where david 's birth mother , evelyn , had been buried . 
 where her coffin had been exhumed . 
 and where , later , it had been found to be empty . 
 weird shit . 
 it was early the next morning when i pulled over to the side of one of those narrow cemetery roads and parked my camry under an elm tree . 
 i was tired but alert . 
 i do n't sleep well these days , and if i was a betting man , i would bet that i would probably never sleep well again . 
 the forest lawn cemetery here in burbank , on the other side of the infamous griffith park , is epic , covering an entire hillside . 
 if i had to be buried anywhere , it would be here . 
 granted , i would want to be buried near my son , but i doubted he would want anything to do with me , even in the after life , and especially for all eternity . 
 there were a few others here . 
 this is greater l.a. , after all , with nearly 30 million people , and so one rarely , if ever , finds themselves alone . 
 anywhere . 
 about seven or eight people were presently brushing off burial plaques or standing solemnly in the early morning light . 
 i heard the faint sound of weeping from somewhere . 
 most were dressed in business attire , no doubt on the way to work . 
 myself , i was here for work . 
 sipping a latte something or other from starbucks , i made my way through the cemetery , picking my way carefully behind grave markers . 
 i 've never put much stock into the supernatural -lrb- well , that is , until recently ... long story -rrb- , but walking over somebody 's grave just seemed wrong . 
 after all , everything they had ever done and everything they ever were was summed up into one spot of earth . 
 the least someone could do was avoid walking over them . 
 like a good investigator , i already had evelyn 's plot location in hand , and after studying a map of the grounds upon entering the cemetery , i had a fairly good idea where i was going . 
 fairly . 
 this was still confusing as hell . 
 my breath misted before me . 
 steam billowed up from that little hole in the starbucks lid . 
 birds flitted overhead and the sun was rising to the east , casting my elongated shadow over the gently sloping hill . 
 hard to believe that within such a beautiful hillside were thousands upon thousands of corpses . 
 an old poem came to mind : the ghosts of the tribe / crouch in the nights beside the ghost of a fire / they try to remember the sunlight / but light has died out of their skies . 
 but not on this hillside . 
 here , the morning sun blazed full force , galvanizing the dead . 
 i took in a lot of air and found breathing suddenly difficult . 
 it was impossible for me to walk through any cemetery without thinking of the little boy i had condemned into one for eternity . 
 my little boy . 
 when i found my breath again , i moved on , feet crunching over the dewy grass . 
 soon , after a handful of false starts , i found the correct row , and five minutes after that , i was standing over a freshly turned grave . 
 the casket , i knew , was gone . 
 it was now marked evidence somewhere . 
 grave robbing is serious business . 
 no one wants to think they 're loved ones may not be where they 're supposed to be . 
 although cranky and bitchy , i knew that hammer was still approaching this case seriously . 
 except he was already overworked as it was . 
 i was n't overworked . 
 i was underworked if anything . 
 and roxi was right . 
 the last thing i needed was to take on a charity case . 
 say that to my conscience . 
 i got into this business to help . 
 to give back . 
 to heal . 
 to stop the pain . 
 to ease the pain . 
 to be anything other than what i had been before . 
 a small wind , which flapped my loose jeans at my ankles , brought with it the subtler scents of nature . 
 but mostly i smelled the freshly turned soil at my feet . 
 what the hell was going on here ? 
 i knelt down and looked closely at the ground around me , picturing in my mind what must have happened here . 
 someone , or perhaps many someones , had dug up the body and removed it from this very spot . 
 later , the grave had been officially exhumed and found to be empty . 
 i considered the possibility that perhaps her body never made it to the grave site . 
 seemed a good question , and one that i would follow up on . 
 for now , though , i studied the grave site , noting where a tractor had recently sat . 
 no doubt a small crane had been used to raise coffin . 
 no doubt the caretakers also used some sort of backhoe to dig up the site . 
 and , for all i knew , there was some sort of machine that could do both . 
 the ford gravedigger 1000 or something . 
 digs , lifts and buries - all in one . 
 i stood and walked around the site , not sure what i was looking for , but keeping my eyes on the ground , looking for anything that stood out . 
 nothing stood out . 
 no graverobbing business cards left behind . 
 no broken-handled shovels . 
 no deep shoe impression with , say , a rounded inside heel to indicate someone had recently walked through here with a noticeable limp . 
 i stood on the hillside and soaked in the sun . 
 a bluish light seemed to dance before me , but that was probably just an odd refraction of the sunlight , the mist and the green grass . 
 the blue light was smallish , about the size of a little boy . 
 it seemed to hover before me briefly , before i blinked and it disappeared . 
 if it had been there at all . 
 chapter seven i was in a strange office . 
 it was the forest lawn 's groundskeeper 's office , and it was a little creepy . 
 there were exactly three open coffins lined up along the far wall . 
 mercifully , the coffins were empty . 
 there was a pile of marble grave markers on one side of his desk , and a pile of bronze markers on the other side his desk . 
 the bronze markers were empty . 
 meaning , they were awaiting names to be engraved . 
 names of those who were not yet dead . 
 someone , somewhere was going to die , and his name was going to appear on that bronze plaque . 
 creepy . 
 the caretaker was a middle-aged man with thick glasses . 
 surprisingly , there was n't dirt under his fingernails and there were n't clumps of it tracked in from the outside , either . 
 `` are all cemetery caretakers as clean as you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he asked me to repeat what i had said since i tend to talk beneath the normal hearing range . 
 i spoke up a little louder , always a little nervous at this point in a conversation . 
 it 's hell being shy . 
 he grinned and sat back , which immediately put me at ease . 
 `` ah , yes , the stereotypical myth of cemetery caretakers perceptually covered in clumpy graveyard soil . 
 actually , very few of us stick our fingers in the stuff . 
 we have equipment for that . '' 
 `` could you describe the day that evelyn drake was exhumed ? '' 
 `` you get right to it , do n't you ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` there are graves to dig . '' 
 `` you got that right , '' he said . 
 `` anyway , it was a weird day . '' 
 `` i bet . 
 were you there when the casket was opened ? '' 
 `` i was nearby . '' 
 `` what happened when the casket was opened ? '' 
 `` shit hit the fan . '' 
 `` because it was empty . '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` where 's the casket now ? '' 
 `` in the back . '' 
 `` the police did n't confiscate it ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 but it 's roped off . 
 we were told not to let anyone near it . '' 
 i showed him detective hammer 's card . 
 he took it from me and called the number . 
 a few exchanges later and the caretaker was hanging up again . 
 `` he says you 're reliable enough . '' 
 `` he 's always thought highly of me . '' 
 `` but he said not to touch anything . '' 
 i felt my gorge rise at the thought of touching the casket . 
 i 'm a private eye , after all , not a medical examiner . 
 `` would n't dream of it . '' 
 chapter eight my life is weird , i thought , as the groundskeeper led me through a rear wood shop where a guy with goggles was actually building a coffin . 
 i learned that the cemetery offered these simplified boxes to those who could not afford the more expensive wooden caskets . 
 i found the whole business of death unnerving . 
 the coffin builder stopped working and watched us quietly as we moved through his shop . 
 saw dust rested lightly on his shoulder and there was a nail in his mouth . 
 his eyes were impossibly big behind the goggles . 
 the hair on my neck was standing on end . 
 i nodded politely and pardoned myself as we moved past him . 
 he made no sound or movement . 
 instead he watched us until we exited through a side door . 
 the hair on my neck and shoulders prickled . 
 `` why do i feel like i just walked onto the set of a horror movie ? '' 
 i asked in the next room , shivering a little . 
 a very discomfiting experience , to say the least . 
 `` probably because boyd is about as weird as they come , '' said the caretaker . 
 and i figured that if a cemetery caretaker was telling me someone was weird , well , you could damn well take that to the bank . 
 we walked through a storage room full of gardening equipment ... and then i saw it . 
 lying flat on the ground with the lid closed was a freshly exhumed coffin . 
 yellow police tape encircled it and the staff themselves had placed some cones around it . 
 with the steady - and disturbing - sounds of coffin-making going on behind us , i found myself slowly circling another eternal bed for the dead . 
 i said , `` how often does your cemetery exhume graves ? '' 
 `` not often . '' 
 `` how much is not often ? '' 
 `` once every other year or so . '' 
 `` was there anything unusual about this exhumation ? '' 
 `` other than the coffin being empty ? 
 no . 
 it was a routine dig . '' 
 the caretaker stood off to the side of the cones . 
 he looked bored and a little nervous . 
 i would be nervous , too , if a coffin showed up empty on my watch . 
 `` have you ever experienced anything like this before ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a missing body ? 
 no . '' 
 `` have you heard of any recent cases of grave robbing ? '' 
 `` not at the cemeteries , no . 
 there were a few cadavers stolen from a research facility over at ucla , and there were a few misplaced cadavers at a nearby crematorium , but that 's all i 've heard . '' 
 i nodded like this all sounded normal . 
 yesterday i had been sitting in my office , wondering if my phone would ring . 
 today i was circling an empty coffin in a creepy back room of a cemetery . 
 yeah , my life is weird . 
 `` other than the corpse being missing , was there any indication of foul play ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if you 're asking if the grave looked like it had been freshly turned , the answer is no . 
 there was old-growth grass . '' 
 `` can i see inside the coffin ? '' 
 `` the detective said not to mess with it . '' 
 `` i wo n't mess with it . 
 i 'm just going to look . '' 
 the caretaker looked long and hard at me . 
 the back room was mostly dark , although a few open doors permitted the bright morning sun in . 
 a single dusty , yellow bulb was on overhead . 
 the caretaker continued staring at me behind his thick glasses . 
 there was sweat on his brow , even though the morning was still fairly cool . 
 if the guy wanted to pull out a nail gun and shoot me between the eyes and then bury me in an undisclosed plot in the cemetery , no one would ever know . 
 `` fine , '' he said . 
 `` the detective seemed to know you , and i 'm not the police . 
 you fuck things up , you can answer to lapd , not me . 
 i 'll be in my office . '' 
 he left the room and i went over to the casket , walking between the cones and stepping over the police tape . 
 i did n't know much about caskets , but it was obvious to me that this one was nice . 
 if i had to guess , i would say the stained , polished wood was solid cherry . 
 presently , there were clumps of dirt embedded in the various grooves and fittings , caked especially where the poles , the long wooden handles , lay against the sides . 
 soil wafted up strongly from the whole thing . 
 i thought i would smell death , too , but i did n't . 
 or maybe , hanging out here all morning , i was already getting used to it . 
 i stood over the casket for a good minute before i mustered the courage to open it . 
 i took in some air , reached down , grabbed the wooden lip and lifted ... i held my breath , holding the open lid , and could not have been more relieved to see that the coffin was clean . 
 not perfectly clean . 
 there was some darkish stains that could have been soil or even make up . 
 or perhaps even hair dye . 
 but all in all , i had gotten lucky . 
 a good thing , too , since my pumpkin scone was hovering somewhere between my heart and throat . 
 i swallowed hard , forcing it down and went to work examining the inside of the coffin . 
 i wondered how thoroughly the interior of the coffin had been examined , and decided probably not too much . 
 once the coffin had been found to be empty there had probably been an initial investigation , and then the case was sent off to hammer . 
 a missing corpse , for a busy l.a. homicide detective , ranks fairly low on the to-do list . 
 i found myself drawn to the cushions in the top half lid ; that is , the part of the casket that would cover the face and upper torso . 
 the material here was thickly padded silk , and i shortly discovered something odd . 
 the padding here was compressed somehow . 
 smashed . 
 i had no explanation for it , other than the mortician might have damaged it during the funeral preparation , or perhaps the body itself had bloated during the decaying process , or even the crane they used to lower the casket had swung about , shifting the body , causing pressure on the padding . 
 i did n't know . 
 but i knew that pressure was one thing , this was another . 
 this was smashed . 
 by my estimation , the area in question was directly above where her chest would have been . 
 most of the padding here was soft , except the small area , perhaps a diameter of six inches , where it was pressed down noticeably . 
 i stood straight , hands on hips , perplexed . 
 was this simply an irregularity in the design ? 
 a place where the cushion was attached to the wood behind it , perhaps ? 
 i reached down again but could not find a seam . 
 but i did find something else . 
 i reached into my jeans pocket and extracted my key chain . 
 and from it i selected a little light , which i turned on . 
 i aimed the light on the depressed cushion and leaned in a little closer . 
 ah . 
 there was a tear . 
 very faint . 
 and a slight discoloration to the fabric . 
 i stood straight again , frowning . 
 i considered the ramifications of what i was seeing and feeling . 
 had the grave robbers caused the damage ? 
 had the body even made it into the grave ? 
 or had it been stolen , let 's say , before the burial ? 
 too many questions . 
 too much gorge , which i continued to fight . 
 damn pumpkin scone . 
 a thought occurred to me . 
 a really horrible thought that made my heart race and sweat break out on my brow . 
 i knew what i had to do next . 
 i had to test my theory , even if to discount it . 
 i paced the big storage area . 
 hammering from the next door wood shop seemed to keep pace with my creaking footfalls . 
 this is nuts , i thought . 
 i continued pacing . 
 seriously nuts . 
 i do n't get paid enough for this shit . 
 hell , i 'm not getting paid at all , tacos notwithstanding . 
 but a young man needed help , needed answers . 
 i stopped pacing and moved over to the casket . 
 i took in a lot of air . 
 and i mean a lot of air . 
 and then i climbed inside . 
 chapter eight fifteen minutes later , i was still shaking as i drove my nondescript camry out of the cemetery , and merged into traffic on highway 134 . 
 i needed a drink . 
 bad . 
 but i have n't touched the stuff since the accident two years earlier . 
 nor would i , but now , in this situation , i saw the benefit of having one or two drinks . 
 anything to help me come to terms what had happened back in the cemetery storage room . 
 back in the casket . 
 traffic picked up a little and i applied more gas . 
 my arms were still shaking . 
 i took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 on me was a smell i could n't shake . 
 soil and dirt and something else . 
 death . 
 i needed a drink . 
 the casket had been snug . 
 although it had clearly been built for a woman , it was surprisingly comfortable . 
 the makers had not held back on the padding , either . 
 prior to climbing in i had examined the lid 's closing mechanism . 
 there was nothing on it that would indicate it would lock from the inside . 
 it seemed to swing open and shut readily enough . 
 once inside the casket , i reached up and lowered the lid slowly . 
 sealing myself in . 
 traffic was backing up as the 134 east merged with the 5 south . 
 someone honked . 
 someone answered with another honk . 
 a car nearby was thumping the bass . 
 i ignored them all . 
 as i shut the lid , an overwhelming sense of panic overcame me and immediately pushed the lid back open , relieved beyond words that the lid had opened easily enough . 
 thank god . 
 lowering it again , i lay back on the slightly dirty pillow , my skin crawling , and certain that i was going to heave at any minute . 
 but in the meantime , i went to work . 
 i turned on my key chain light again , casting a powerful blue-white beam into the enclosed space . 
 i was all too aware that i was lying in something that was meant to be buried six feet deep . 
 in something that was supposed to contain the corpse of a murdered young woman . 
 i was all too aware that this disturbingly cozy box was supposed to have gone undisturbed for perhaps all eternity . 
 all of it added up to some serious goosebumps , shivers , and an inability to control my breathing . 
 i was on the 5 freeway now , moving faster , but knowing the freeway could stop at any moment - as it suddenly did now . 
 i drummed my fingers on my steering wheel as i relived those final moments in the casket . 
 with my key chain light casting an eerie blue light in a setting that did n't need to be any more eerie , i noted there was just enough space for me to raise my right arm . 
 which i did . 
 aiming the small light with my left hand , i raised my right fist and placed it where it would have been most comfortable knocking on the inside of the casket . 
 it landed , of course , in the same area of the depressed cushion . 
 the area of the slight discoloration . 
 someone , i was certain , had been knocking from the inside of the casket . 
 breathing hard , i opened the blade to my small pocketknife . 
 hammer 's evidence , be damned . 
 i cut through the fabric of the cushion above my chest , and soon spread it open , revealing the unpolished wood beneath . 
 the wood behind the cushion was split and seriously damaged . 
 and when i raised the lid and sat up , gasping for fresh air , i was not too surprised to see boyd the coffin-maker standing inside the storage room doorway , watching me . 
 chapter nine dr. vivian carter was recommended by a new friend of mine , an older investigator i had recently worked with on an unusual case a few weeks back . 
 aaron king , who also specialized in finding the missing , had produced her card and tucked it in my shirt pocket . 
 he said only that she would help me , and that she was helping him , too . 
 i had n't asked for help and i had been mildly offended , but who was i kidding ? 
 i was a royal mess , and an old guy like aaron saw through my feeble charade . 
 now i was sitting across from her in a lounge chair , unable to meet her direct gaze . 
 she was a lovely woman , older than me by perhaps five or ten years . 
 but i was n't here to admire her loveliness . 
 i was here because my life was spinning out of control . 
 `` how are you , mr. spinoza ? '' 
 `` i 've been better . '' 
 the light from her desk lamp reflected off her own thick glasses . 
 her hands were folded neatly in front of her . 
 she was unmoving and stoic , but also so calm that i found my shyness slipping away quickly . 
 she tilted her head slightly to the right and some of the desk lamp light caught along her slightly upturned nose . 
 `` tell me about when you 've been better . '' 
 and so i did . 
 or i tried to . 
 i told story after story of my life before the tragedies . 
 dr. vivian listened quietly , occasionally nodding encouragingly and sometimes even writing down notes . 
 mostly she just watched me closely , radiating a calm intensity . 
 `` you keep talking about ` before the accidents ' . '' 
 i nodded , looking away . 
 `` tell me about the accidents . '' 
 and so i did that , too . 
 i found myself going over my wife 's car accident in detail . 
 or as much of it as i could , since i had not been there . 
 she had been coming home from work . 
 it had been raining . 
 her car , as best as anyone could figure out , had slid out of control . 
 i knew my wife . 
 she was a great driver . 
 some asshole piece of shit had probably cut her off . 
 i knew it . 
 i felt it in the very marrow of my bones . 
 he had cut her off and she had swerved and lost control and went spinning across the slippery freeway . 
 she had hit the center divider head on , only to be hit immediately after by a tour bus cruising down the carpool lane . 
 a tour bus that had been speeding recklessly , no doubt . 
 dr. vivian listened to all of this calmly , compassionately , making sympathetic sounds where appropriate . 
 she asked me a few more questions and i found myself explaining the hate i had felt - still felt - for everything , especially god and my wife 's alleged guardian angels and anyone responsible for her death . 
 i hated the phantom car that cut her off , and i loathed the tour bus driver . 
 in the past , i had always turned to drinking as an escape ; after her death , my drinking got ten times worse . 
 my employer , with a heavy heart , eventually fired me . 
 i next described my utter neglect of my little boy , who was suddenly without his mother , and now without a father , too . 
 my neglect for him led to more drinking . 
 i was trying to kill myself , i knew it . 
 i could n't stand the pain of living . 
 i could n't stand the fact that i would never , ever see my wife again . 
 `` you said accidents , mr. spinoza , '' she said quietly , calmly , leading me along gently , expertly . 
 i took a deep breath and plunged forward , describing the night i was to take my son to a birthday party in the hollywood hills . 
 it had been the sixth month anniversary of my wife 's accident , and i had taken it pretty hard . 
 i was so drunk that i do n't even remember driving along the twisty mulholland drive . 
 my memory only begins when my car veered off the road and down into the trees several dozens of feet below . 
 i had been ejected , but my son had n't been so lucky . 
 i was so badly hurt and drunk that i was incapable of piecing together what had just happened . 
 it was then that i felt the fire behind me ... and heard the strangled cries . 
 i remember turning around on my hands and knees , in the dirt and bushes , as blood poured from a head wound , and seeing my son through the windshield . 
 still strapped in his seatbelt . 
 as the fire engulfed him . 
 we were silent a long , long time . 
 i was aware of the clock ticking behind me . 
 it just might have been the loudest clock i 'd ever heard . 
 in fact , it was nearly driving me nuts . 
 i forced myself to calm down as i wiped the tears away . 
 without her prompting , i went on to describe the year i had spent in jail for vehicular manslaughter . 
 and my life these past two years , sober and alone and hurting unlike anything i thought was possible . 
 it was then that dr. vivian came to life . 
 she stood from her chair and walked carefully around her oversized desk and sat down in front of me in a client chair . 
 she was a professional . 
 that much was obvious . 
 i saw all the degrees on her walls as proof . 
 but she was also human , and she leaned forward and gave me the biggest hug i 'd ever been given and the tears flowed . 
 hers and mine . 
 finally , she pulled back , wiping her cheeks , and said , `` i 'll deny i ever did that , but if anyone ever needed a hug , mr. spinoza , it was you . 
 see you next week . '' 
 chapter ten i was having lunch with roxi at the electric lotus . 
 she made me promise not to talk about any corpses , cemeteries or grave robbers . 
 so instead i told her a little about my first therapy session , leaving out the hug . 
 roxi approved of anything that would help me move forward . 
 why she stuck it out with me , i 'm still not sure . 
 certainly not for the laughs and giggles . 
 one thing about shy people , we 're great listeners , and when i was done recounting my early afternoon session , roxi launched into a long story about a pitch-meeting she was going to have with paramount studios . 
 i listened and nodded in all the right places , but all i could think about was the interior of the coffin , and the compressed cushion where i was certain someone had been knocking . 
 perhaps even knocking long and hard . 
 the house was immaculate . 
 it was a mini-mansion , as i would describe it , with doric columns out front and marble floors in the entry way and a winding staircase that led to the second floor . 
 the older lady who greeted me for our appointment did not smile at me . 
 when people do n't smile at me , i get more nervous . 
 words are harder to find and the sweat breaks out all over . 
 sometimes stammering ensues , too . 
 james bond i 'm not . 
 `` have a seat , mr. spinoza , '' said the woman . 
 `` would you like something to drink ? '' 
 i said i was fine . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , thank you , '' i said in a strangled whisper . 
 she frowned and sat across from me and i fought my nerves and pressed forward . 
 i had a job to do , after all . 
 it was my mantra . 
 in fact that mantra - i have a job to do - had gotten me through many personal harrowing experiences . 
 harrowing , that is , for me . 
 i have a job to do , i thought again and again . 
 i raised my voice . 
 `` as you know , i 'm here to talk about your daughter . '' 
 she merely nodded . 
 her name was elizabeth perkins , and she was the mother of evelyn drake , whose body was presently missing . 
 the family , i knew , was wealthy . 
 how and why they were wealthy , i did n't know . 
 perhaps old hollywood money . 
 an investor or a producer or something . 
 anyway , mrs. perkins was wearing white slacks and a red blouse that highlighted her trim figure . 
 she was probably in her sixties . 
 her scowling face made her look older . 
 `` has anyone contacted you about your daughter 's ... missing remains ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` other than the police , no . 
 only detective hammer and now you . '' 
 her jawline tightened . 
 `` may i ask your interest in this case , mr. spinoza ? '' 
 `` i 'm working with the boy , her biological son . '' 
 she made no indication that she heard me . 
 no nod . 
 no frown . 
 nothing . 
 she said , `` i was under the impression that the boy is a runaway . '' 
 `` he ran away from an abusive situation and is now in a better situation . '' 
 i was all too aware that she was his biological grandmother . 
 that fact did not seem to please her . 
 `` better situation , how ? '' 
 `` he 's living with an aunt and uncle . '' 
 she made a noncommittal noise in the back of her throat . 
 i pressed forward , so uncomfortable i could barely think straight . 
 `` has anyone unofficial contacted you , mrs. perkins ? '' 
 `` unofficial in what way ? '' 
 i took a deep breath , calmed myself . 
 i have a job to do . 
 i have a job to do . 
 `` has anyone tried to blackmail you with your daughter 's remains ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand the question . '' 
 breathe , breathe . 
 `` has anyone demanded money for the return of your daughter 's body ? '' 
 she raised her hand to her face and looked away and the tears sprang from her eyes . 
 the change was so sudden that i sat there , surprised . 
 i should n't have been surprised . 
 i had just asked a mother , who 's daughter had been murdered a few years earlier , if a body snatcher had tried to ransom her daughter 's remains . 
 jesus . 
 a sick world . 
 a sick question . 
 a question i had to ask . 
 she was shaking her head and her steely facade had crumbled completely . 
 she kept shaking her head even while i sat there , uncomfortable , regretting my decision to come , but needing answers , nonetheless . 
 `` no , '' she finally said . 
 `` i 've heard from no one . 
 do people really do that ? '' 
 `` it 's possible . 
 it happened to charlie chaplin 's family . '' 
 she wept harder and covered her face and i heard movement from upstairs , although i saw no one at the time . 
 i asked her if she had ever been contacted by the cemetery . 
 if there had ever been any indication of a grave plot mix-up . 
 the questions were difficult and painful for both of us , and all the while i kept hearing creaking above me . 
 someone was pacing up there , listening . 
 mrs. perkins was beyond speech . 
 she just kept shaking her head at each question and finally i decided to leave . 
 i apologized for causing her pain and left my card on the coffee table . 
 and as i turned to leave , i involuntarily gasped . 
 from upstairs a young woman was looking down at me . 
 peering over the bannister from around a corner that led , i assumed , to a hallway . 
 the woman had a strong resemblance to evelyn drake , but she was younger by many years . 
 her sister , i thought . 
 or perhaps a cousin . 
 i blinked , and she blinked , and then she turned away , disappearing into the shadows . 
 i let myself out . 
 chapter eleven i was sitting in a starbucks with a new friend of mine , the old detective , aaron king . 
 i had met aaron recently through another acquaintance of mine , jim knighthorse , a character who worked out of orange county . 
 all three of us had been brought along on a case involving a missing girl , led by another orange county detective , a young woman named samantha moon . 
 four detectives working one case , and we did eventually find the girl , with aaron king and samantha moon seeing the case through to the end . 
 samantha moon was someone i thought about often . 
 beautiful , perky , but shrouded in a mystery . 
 something haunted her . 
 what it was , i doubt i would ever know . 
 aaron king and i talked a little about the case of the missing girl , and about samantha moon and her own possible secrets , but aaron was keeping quiet about her . 
 my instincts told me that he knew something he was n't revealing . 
 at least , not yet . 
 i switched the subject to my case at hand . 
 i needed another investigator to bounce some ideas off of , especially now that i had recently been faxed the autopsy report . 
 a report that had been disturbing in more ways than one . 
 i would have picked hammer to speak with , but hammer was fairly closed-minded . 
 i needed someone with an open mind . 
 a very open mind . 
 after all , i was beginning to think that something very , very strange was going on here . 
 aaron king seemed enigmatic himself . 
 the old guy was good looking enough , and projected a confidence that i completely lacked . 
 he sat across from me in a wobbly outdoor chair , drinking a hot coffee , black . 
 no frills . 
 i decided that aaron king looked like someone i knew , but i could n't place him . 
 not now . 
 and , really , i did n't care . 
 i caught him up to date on the case , keeping to the facts . 
 and next caught him up on the autopsy report hammer had faxed to me just that afternoon . 
 a report that included the method of death : multiple stabbings . 
 aaron cringed as if he 's burned his tongue . 
 `` he was a bastard , for sure . 
 they have him on death row ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i nodded and next brought up a peculiar aspect of the slaying . 
 `` he had used a silver knife . '' 
 king 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` a strange metal for a knife . '' 
 `` it was a silver butter knife . '' 
 `` so he grabs the first weapon he sees . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` maybe . 
 except the knife was in the upstairs bedside drawer . '' 
 `` helluva place to keep a butter knife . '' 
 `` lots of people keep weapons by their beds . '' 
 `` but a butter knife ? '' 
 asked king . 
 `` maybe the man liked toast in bed . '' 
 king shook his head . 
 glendale boulevard was thick with cars and exhaust . 
 the exhaust wafted over us . 
 it was a sad testament to our city living that neither of us coughed nor waved it away . 
 king said , `` did the husband ever give a confession ? '' 
 `` he never spoke to the police . 
 in fact , he never spoke to anyone . '' 
 `` so we 'll never know why he kept a butter knife in his upper drawer next to his bed . '' 
 `` probably not . '' 
 `` and yet he stabbed her ... how many times ? '' 
 `` seventy-two times . '' 
 king whistled . 
 `` that 's rage . '' 
 `` by the time the police arrived , she had been drained of most of her blood . '' 
 `` i would think so . '' 
 king shivered and looked sick . 
 i did n't blame him . 
 `` the husband then staged the scene to make it look like a break in . '' 
 `` dumb ass . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he was arrested within the week . '' 
 king set his drink down . 
 in fact , he even pushed it away . 
 `` so what 's your concerns , spinoza ? '' 
 i took a deep breath and wondered how much i should tell him . 
 i finally decided that i needed to bounce some thoughts off of someone , some slightly disturbing thoughts , and the enigmatic old guy seemed about as good a choice as anyone . 
 so i told him about my discoveries inside the casket , about the evidence that seemed to indicate someone had been knocking on it from the inside , and the seasoned detective looked at me sideways for a long time before answering . 
 `` you 're yanking my chain , spinoza . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` and the wood was split ? '' 
 `` directly behind the damaged padding . '' 
 he was quiet some more and we both listened to a motorcycle rumble by . 
 not quite a harley , but it sure wanted to be . 
 when the noise maker was gone , king spoke . 
 `` something must have been hitting it pretty hard to split the wood . '' 
 `` hard and perhaps sustained . '' 
 `` are you telling me that you think someone was buried alive in that thing ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure what i 'm telling you . '' 
 `` does any of this relate to the silver butter knife . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` silver , as in a werewolf ? '' 
 `` or a vampire . '' 
 `` silver kills both ? '' 
 asked king . 
 i thought back to my last big case a month ago . 
 `` i think so , yes . '' 
 king leaned forward and there was a wild look in his eyes . 
 something else flashed at me , some distant memory , or recognition , but i could n't place it . 
 he said , `` are you telling me that you think evelyn drake was a vampire or a werewolf ? '' 
 `` i 'm not saying anything , '' i said . 
 `` the evidence speaks for itself . 
 so how come you do n't look more surprised , king ? '' 
 he looked away , sipping his coffee . 
 `` let 's just say this is n't my first vampire . '' 
 chapter twelve i waited behind the bulletproof partition while the man in chains sat across from me . 
 he looked at me long and hard before he reached over with his cuffed hands and picked up the receiver . 
 his breathing sounded like something remembering something , as the great poet stan rice would say . 
 and when he spoke , his voice sounded distant and hollow , too . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i held my business card up against the mesh glass . 
 a cop friend recently told me that a woman had punched through a similar bulletproof glass , but you ca n't believe everything you hear . 
 edward drake leaned forward and read the card , and then leaned back again . 
 `` i always figured someone would come knocking some day , '' he said . 
 `` why do you say that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he asked me to speak up and i did , louder and with more force . 
 apparently my shyness did n't translate too well through the glass partition . 
 `` you 're kind of shy , are n't you ? '' 
 he asked , grinning . 
 i shrugged . 
 i never know how to answer that . 
 and my shyness keeps me from opening up too much about it . 
 a catch-22 if ever there was one . 
 he kept grinning and said , `` well , anyway , we both know why you 're here . '' 
 `` we do ? '' 
 `` it 's about evelyn . 
 my ex-wife , of course . '' 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 i was holding the phone close to my ear , but not too close and not too hard . 
 i could only imagine how often these ear pieces were cleaned . 
 he said , `` i presume she 's missing . '' 
 i had been in the act of swallowing and suddenly found myself coughing nearly hysterically . 
 while i hacked away , edward watched me with a bemused expression . 
 `` easy , ol' boy , '' he said . 
 `` and why would you ... '' i coughed again , `` presume that ? '' 
 `` because i did n't kill her correctly , you see . 
 i realized my mistake far too late . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` it 's why i stabbed her so many times . '' 
 `` jesus , what are you talking about ? '' 
 the bemused expression was gone now . 
 it had been replaced with something unreadable ... but cold as hell . 
 `` the knife i used , the knife i had thought was silver , was n't really silver . 
 it was silver plated . 
 an honest mistake . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' `` oh , i think you do , ol' boy . '' 
 he was right , but i was having a hard time coming to terms with it , despite my recent past . 
 `` you 're saying she did n't die because your knife was n't pure silver . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` but i 've read the autopsy report , '' i said . 
 `` of course she 's dead . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure she appeared dead . 
 they always appear dead , especially if they lose enough blood . '' 
 `` what the fuck are you talking about ? '' 
 `` and if they do lose enough blood , it takes them weeks , perhaps even months to recover . 
 and even though the knife was only silver plated , there was undoubtedly enough silver in it to still inflict serious harm . '' 
 he stopped and looked at me . 
 i was all too aware that my mouth was hanging open . 
 flashbacks to events of a few months ago hit me again , and hit me hard . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` you 're talking about a vampire , '' i said . 
 he grinned . 
 `` could you say that a little louder , ol' boy ? '' 
 chapter thirteen i glanced at the wire-covered clock on the wall behind me . 
 we had twenty minutes left . 
 i asked edward to tell me what he knew as quickly as he could , and he obliged . 
 edward first became aware that his wife was something more than human about a year before her death ; or , as he put it , her alleged death . 
 listening to all of this in stunned silence , i could only sit back and watch the man closely , looking for any signs of instability . 
 i found none . 
 if anything , he seemed perfectly normal , often speaking eloquently and with touches of humor . 
 his wife 's change had occurred nearly three years ago , when she had been jogging around the reservoir in silver lake one evening . 
 everyone had warned her against jogging the reservoir , which doubled as an idyllic lake ; that is , if you removed the chain link fence , barbed wire and dozens of off-limits signs . 
 but his wife had always been fearless and , really , silver lake was mostly considered harmless . 
 the reservoir was nestled among some of the nicer hollywood fringe homes , often occupied by those who had found some success in show business . 
 one night , she did n't come home . 
 edward had immediately gone looking for her , circling the reservoir , until he finally found what looked like a bundle of clothing in the bushes . 
 the bundle turned out to be his wife . 
 she was a mess , her neck torn open , her clothing ripped , blood everywhere . 
 how she was n't dead , he did n't know . 
 she was rushed to the hospital where she spent many days recovering . 
 and recovering rapidly , he added . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i did n't read many vampire books . 
 or watch many vampire movies . 
 i had only a vague idea of what vampires were , and outside of some very strange events a month ago , i would have laughed at the entire notion . 
 would have . 
 but not now . 
 indeed , i had seen something during my last case that was still haunting my dreams to this day . 
 and now this ... `` it means that she healed far faster than she should have . '' 
 `` what did the doctors say ? '' 
 `` not much , but they were stunned . '' 
 someone sat near me , a woman reeking of a lot of perfume . 
 another inmate was led into the room , shackled similarly to edward . 
 he sat a few seats down and picked up the phone . 
 the woman sitting next to me immediately began weeping . 
 edward and i ignored them as he continued recounting his tale . 
 life rapidly turned strange in the drake household . 
 his wife seemed to have developed an aversion to sunlight . 
 she was both stronger than ever before and sickly , too . 
 at least , sickly during the day . 
 one night she had come home from shopping . 
 she had purchased three porterhouse steaks and had apparently torn into the packaging on the way home . 
 the steaks were still there but he was certain she had drank the blood that pooled at the bottom of the styrofoam trays . 
 about a month later , with his wife 's midnight runs to the store continuing , coupled with her aversion to sunlight - not to mention an alarming number of missing cat posters popping up in the neighborhood - edward had concluded that his wife had been changed into something supernatural . 
 into something that scared the hell out of him . 
 we both looked at the time . 
 ours was running out . 
 he fast-forwarded one year later when their marriage was crumbling . 
 i asked why he would stay married to something that scared him . 
 he mentioned the kids . 
 he also mentioned something else , something that surprised me , but probably should n't have . 
 `` i knew i had to kill her , '' he said . 
 `` so i was biding my time . '' 
 `` but she was your wife . '' 
 `` she had been my wife . 
 but she had turned into something else . 
 something not very nice . '' 
 `` i 've looked through the police report , '' i said . 
 `` there were many instances in past years of the police coming out . 
 claims of abuse . '' 
 edward shrugged . 
 `` yeah , we fought . 
 and we fought passionately . 
 did i hit her ? 
 yes , once or twice . 
 i was never proud of it . 
 i sought counseling . '' 
 `` the police paint a different picture . '' 
 `` they had to . 
 they had to explain a series of events that would otherwise be unexplainable . '' 
 `` the detective and prosecutors claimed you abused her , beat her up , accused her of cheating often , and then finally killed her in a fit of rage . '' 
 `` some of that is correct , but not to the extreme they made it out to be . 
 my killing her was , however , very planned . '' 
 he had spent many months verifying his suspicions . 
 he needed to be sure . 
 he 'd notice she quit casting a reflection . 
 her photos came up blurry and amorphous , as if she was n't there . 
 she quickly quit taking photos altogether . 
 he watched her avoid meals , only to come home late at night , satisfied . 
 he watched her avoid all sunlight , claiming she now preferred the night . 
 she slept all day and neglected the kids . 
 edward feared for the kids ' safety . 
 he feared for his own safety . 
 he feared for anyone 's safety who was in contact with his wife . 
 he tried to talk about this to her , but she laughed it off . 
 he tried repeatedly until one day she had thrown him against a wall , warning him to back off . 
 she made new friends , too . 
 creepy friends . 
 evil friends . 
 friends he could n't believe she would permit around the kids . 
 and she was cold to the touch . 
 always so cold . 
 edward had decided he needed to do something about it . 
 he read up on how to kill a vampire . 
 a silver stake or dagger , or anything silver and pointed through the heart . 
 edward lapsed into brief silence and i saw the tears in his eyes . 
 after a moment , he said , `` i had loved this woman . 
 i had been crazy about her . 
 but something happened to her . 
 something wicked . 
 and she seemed to welcome it , revel in it . 
 and she was hurting people , too . 
 i could n't confirm it , but i knew she fed each and every night . 
 on whom , i did not know . 
 on what , i could n't imagine . '' 
 he took in a lot of air . 
 we were down to our last few minutes . 
 already i saw the guard watching us . 
 he would be coming in any minute now . 
 edward continued . 
 `` more than anything , i sensed a great ... evil coming through her . 
 as if something very dark was now calling her body home . 
 maybe she could have fought it . 
 i do n't know . 
 but it was in her , and this thing did n't give a damn about her , or anyone . '' 
 `` so you decided to kill her . '' 
 `` i had to kill her . 
 to kill it . '' 
 `` so you used a silver butter knife ? '' 
 `` why not ? 
 a knife is a knife . 
 it was heavy . 
 had a thick handle , long blade . 
 i thought it had been pure silver . '' 
 so one day , with the kids in school , he had come home for lunch from work . 
 he had walked calmly into his bedroom , where his wife lay unmovingly on the bed , the curtains tightly drawn . 
 when she slept , she rarely moved , and , in fact , rarely breathed , if at all . 
 she was dead to the world , and he simply walked over to his nightstand , opened the top drawer , and removed the silver butter knife . 
 he had stepped to her side , where he looked down at the woman he had once loved with all his heart . 
 he 'd spent only a few seconds standing by her side , when he raised the knife , positioned it over her chest , and plunged it down as hard as he could . 
 chapter fourteen the drive to and from san quentin had taken all day . 
 it was late when i arrived back at roxi 's apartment in hollywood . 
 she curled her naked body around me , resting her hand on my bare chest and her cheek on my shoulder . 
 her tan leg slid over my thighs , sending a shiver through me . 
 i automatically curled my arm around her . 
 these days i did n't have much interest in sex . 
 but roxi did . 
 enough for both of us . 
 and even though she was only half asleep , i knew that she was giving me an opening . 
 i patted her hip like i would a puppy and some of her electrified energy dissipated . 
 a moment later she was snoring lightly . 
 edward had gone on to describe some of the more gruesome details of his murder . 
 or attempted murder , as he put it . 
 his first stab did n't kill her . 
 in fact , seventy-two stabs later and she was still kicking , still fighting , until most of her blood finally drained down into the bed sheets . 
 the silver plating had done enough to incapacitate her , but not enough to kill her . 
 edward was certain that had he tried to stab her with anything other than a silver knife , she would have killed him . 
 but she had lost enough blood to appear dead , enough to satisfy a medical examiner . 
 `` but that 's not why you 're here , is it , spinoza ? '' 
 he asked , as i saw a guard coming toward us . 
 `` you 're here because she 's gone missing . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` call it a hunch . 
 be careful , spinoza . 
 here be monsters . '' 
 and that 's when the guard arrived and took him away . 
 he went willing , but he kept his eyes on me until he was finally led out the heavy door . 
 i lay in bed with my hands behind my head . 
 i 've been staying more and more at roxi 's apartment . 
 we 've been dating now for about three months and , surprisingly , things were going well . 
 somehow , someway she put up with all my melancholy , shyness , and sometimes impotency . 
 it 's a challenge to make love when your heart is shattered . 
 but roxi was showing me something , albeit slowly and sometimes painfully . 
 she was showing me how to love again , and for that i was eternally grateful . 
 edward had told me something else , something he had overheard his wife say one night when she was talking to a group of her weird friends ... friends , he suspected , that may or may not have been entirely human . 
 he had overheard his wife mention that another woman , another mother of two , had been attacked in orange county , no doubt by the same vampire . 
 edward had vowed to hunt down this mother in orange county , as well . 
 as i lay in bed , with roxi curled up next to me , i briefly considered why a vampire would purposely turn two mothers into vampires . 
 i decided rather quickly that i had no clue , but i made a mental note to keep an eye out for this mother of two in orange county , whoever she was . 
 times like these , i thought , are why people drink . 
 i rolled over and rested my hand on roxi 's naked hip , smiled , and finally drifted off to sleep . 
 chapter fifteen i awoke with a gasp in the middle of the night , after dreaming that a creepy caretaker , the coffin maker , had been watching me from the dark shadow 's of roxi 's room . 
 at least , i hoped it was a dream . 
 i looked now and we were alone . 
 thank god . 
 i lay my head back down on the pillow and pulled roxi 's wonderfully warm body to me . 
 she came willingly , mewing slightly in sleep , and i only grudgingly fell back to sleep with my eyes fastened on the far corner of the room . 
 that is , until i could no longer keep my eyes open ... when i awoke in the morning , with roxi still sleeping hard and the morning light creeping through the edges of the blinds , i knew where to go next . 
 to meet the one man who , i thought , might have heard the knocking , too . 
 the one man who could have inconspicuously dug up evelyn 's body . 
 the creepy caretaker , of course . 
 the man of my recent dreams . 
 i got dressed and hit starbucks and was soon on my way to forest lawn just as the morning sun appeared in the east , over the eagle rock hills , and shining its morning glory . 
 i was acutely aware that as i awakened with a reasonably fresh cup of coffee , there might be a hidden race of the undead slipping now into a very deep and dark sleep . 
 traffic was surprisingly brisk . 
 shortly , i was driving through the open gates of forest lawn and over to the maintenance building located on the east side of the sprawling cemetery . 
 it was a tuesday morning , and a handful of cars were parked here and there . 
 as i parked and exited my car , a nearby latino woman was walking slowly between the rows of grave markers with a small bouquet of flowers . 
 she looked lost and grief-stricken . 
 i knew the feeling well , and , sister , it does n't go away . 
 the head groundsman was sitting at his desk , flipping through a thick stack of stapled papers . 
 i caught the header of one such paper . 
 it read `` lot 126 '' before he flipped to the next page . 
 what he was going to do in lot 126 was anybody 's guess , but i figured somebody was getting buried . 
 he looked up , saw me , and nodded . 
 i never did catch his name , and there was no placard on the door nor was there one on his desk . 
 he was , in my mind , just the caretaker . 
 the uncreepy caretaker , although that might be an oxymoron . 
 `` still working the case of the missing corpse , huh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe i was a hardy boy in a past life . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` what can i do you for ? '' 
 he sounded busy and rushed , and he wanted me to know it . 
 `` is boyd around ? '' 
 he frowned at that , then jutted a thumb toward the back room . 
 `` he 's in the shop . '' 
 `` building more coffins ? '' 
 `` always . 
 but be quick . 
 i need him outside soon . '' 
 `` of course . 
 lot 126 ? '' 
 his mouth was about to drop open until he looked at the stack of papers in front of him . 
 `` you 're good , spinoza . 
 anyway , do n't be long . '' 
 `` would n't dream of it . '' 
 chapter sixteen the man must have been busy . 
 there were easily three or four more of the generic coffins stacked along the near wall . 
 boyd himself was examining a length of wood when i entered the room . 
 he looked up , saw me , and frowned . 
 i get that a lot . 
 some people are happy to see me . 
 others , not so much . 
 i casually shut the door behind me . 
 he leaned the long plank against a workbench and turned to face me . 
 his overalls were covered with dirt . 
 where the dirt came from , i did n't want to know . 
 his blond hair was slightly askew and he could have been gary busey 's slightly more stable-looking brother . 
 he was a big guy , with a thick chest and muscular arms . 
 the kind of muscles one acquires from years of hammering and digging . 
 not all graveyard work , i suspected , was performed with backhoes . 
 `` we need to talk , '' i said . 
 he kept looking at me . 
 i decided then that he was n't entirely there . 
 maybe it was the way his left eye seemed to not look directly at me , or the way the corner of his mouth kept twitching . 
 something was off about the man . 
 then again , he worked in a graveyard , building generic coffins all day . 
 i think off was a given . 
 since he had n't spoken and the twitching in his mouth seemed to only have gotten worse , i decided to continue on . 
 as i spoke , i kept the work bench between us . 
 `` i know what happened , '' i said . 
 he tilted his head slightly , like a dog catching a far-off sound . 
 i was suddenly all-too aware of the various armaments hanging from his tool belt . 
 most notable was the hammer and hand saw . 
 the batman utility belt for psychos . 
 i kept talking since he kept staring . 
 his wandering right eye seemed to catch up , but that could have just been my imagination , or the shadows in the shop . 
 i said , `` it happened a few months ago . 
 or maybe even last year . 
 you heard knocking . 
 perhaps you heard it in during your morning rounds . 
 or nightly rounds . 
 or anytime , really . 
 perhaps someone reported it . 
 either way , it all started with the knocking . '' 
 he took a small step to the right , and i took one to the left , keeping the wide bench between us . 
 i continued , `` you did what anyone would have . 
 well , most anyone . 
 probably most people would have reported it to their bosses . 
 but you decided to act alone . 
 maybe out of curiosity . 
 maybe out of fear . 
 maybe for a reason i never want to know . 
 but one night , with the park closed and the knocking persisting , you secretly dug up the grave . '' 
 something was going on with boyd the coffin maker . 
 he was n't looking so intimidating . 
 suddenly , he looked scared . 
 the color had drained from his face and his eyes were now resting somewhere near my navel . 
 or , at least , one of them was . 
 i went on , `` you kept digging as the knocking grew louder , as more and more earth was removed . 
 no doubt you were terrified . 
 i would have been , too . 
 anyone would have been . 
 i would have shit my pants , truth be known . 
 many times over . 
 i mean , something inside a buried fucking coffin was knocking . '' 
 and now boyd spoke for the first time , and his soft , timorous voice was as chilling as i expected it to be . 
 `` do not use the lord 's name in vain . '' 
 `` my apologies , '' i said . 
 but i continued on , finishing up a tale that boyd had yet to deny . 
 `` and so you dug up the casket , using the backhoe in the middle of the night . 
 you were risking your job . 
 but your sanity was more important . 
 so you dug and dug , and the deeper you got , the louder the knocking became . 
 perhaps you even began hearing a woman 's voice , screaming for help . 
 you probably did n't need to lift the casket out . 
 in fact , i suspect the moment most of the dirt had been removed and the weight lifted from it , the lid was thrown open and a woman sat up . '' 
 i waited for him to laugh . 
 i waited for him to deny it . 
 i waited for him to wield his handsaw like a psychopathic knight . 
 instead , he sat heavily on a nearby stool - collapsing on it , actually - and covered his face with his hands . 
 chapter seventeen i stopped by my apartment in los feliz before i headed out to the mansion . 
 my heart was racing . 
 sitting next to me was an-honest-to-god crossbow . 
 sitting next to it was a leather quiver containing three silver-tipped bolts . 
 i happened to know first hand that these bolts were the real deal . 
 nothing silver-plated here . 
 with only a few slight variations to my story , boyd had confirmed the crazy details . 
 he had watched in stunned silence as the woman climbed awkwardly out of the casket and up to the surface . 
 her clean clothing was filthy by the time she stood on shaky legs . 
 she had stared at boyd blankly , and then she turned and stumbled through the graveyard , looking pale and impossibly thin . 
 by boyd 's estimation , she had been in the grave for three months . 
 it was mid-morning as i headed up los feliz blvd. . 
 i considered calling hammer , except i knew he would never believe me . 
 i even considered calling the old man , arron king , but i did n't want to endanger him . 
 boyd , an expert groundskeeper as well , had shut the now-empty coffin , recovered it with the soil , and then carefully replaced the grass as well . 
 this had happened 18 months ago , and he had never told another living soul his story . 
 my heart was beating steadily , loudly . 
 adrenaline was flooding my blood stream . 
 a good thing , because i suspected i was going to need all my strength . 
 traffic on los feliz was sick , but i knew some short cuts , and after winding my way through some back streets that bordered some truly impressive homes , i soon pulled up in front of the mansion . 
 the same mansion i had been in just a few days earlier . 
 where i had seen a woman who had looked like evelyn drake 's younger sister or cousin . 
 only i was now certain she had n't been evelyn 's younger sister . 
 i was certain it was her . 
 evelyn drake . 
 back from the dead . 
 chapter eighteen so how does one hide a crossbow in plain site ? 
 very carefully . 
 the crossbow in question was smaller than most , designed to shoot shorter bolts . 
 it had come into my possession last month after i had dealt with an author who not only wrote about the undead , but was also one of them . 
 method acting , as my theater friends would call it . 
 method writing , perhaps ? 
 so i grabbed the emergency blanket i always kept folded on the back seat and wrapped it around the crossbow . 
 at least no one would be calling the cops on the crazy guy walking up to the mansion carrying a medieval weapon . 
 at the door , i took in some air , listened to the all-pervasive silence , and then rapped loudly on the frosted glass . 
 i gripped the crossbow under the blanket while i waited . 
 did i come here to kill a vampire ? 
 hell , no . 
 was i protecting myself in case something very strange was going on ? 
 hell , yes . 
 and things only seemed to be getting stranger by the minute . 
 i heard footsteps well before anyone got to the door . 
 that 's what happens when you have a massive home covered in polished marble flooring . 
 the footsteps grew louder , appearing just behind the door , where they paused . 
 no doubt i was being peeped at through the peep hole . 
 i must have passed the peep test because a moment later the door clicked open . 
 `` mt. spinoza , '' said mrs. perkins . 
 she tried to sound surprised but i knew a fake surprise when i heard one . 
 a sort of unnatural rise in octave . 
 prior to life as a private eye , i had spent years investigating insurance claims - and frauds , too . 
 i knew bullshit when i heard it . 
 `` what brings you back here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'd like to speak with you inside , '' i said , `` if you would n't mind . '' 
 her eyes briefly darted up ... up to where i knew a woman was hiding - and with this being daylight - no doubt sleeping . 
 her gaze settled back on me and she nodded reluctantly . 
 `` okay , but please be quick about it . 
 i have ... some errands to run . '' 
 i said i would , and she let me inside . 
 i followed behind her , my blanketed arm behind my back . 
 for now , she had n't noticed it . 
 she led me deeper into the mansion . 
 chapter nineteen we were soon in the same wide-open living room . 
 she motioned for me take a seat on the couch , with my back to the hallway . 
 she asked if i wanted a drink and i said no . 
 she said she wanted some hot tea and i said fine . 
 i recalled it had been 98 degrees outside and suspected i might have been hoodwinked . 
 when she left the room , i immediately switched positions to an overstuffed chair-and-a-half that gave me a good view of anything approaching from the hallway . 
 i also felt more comfortable with my back against a wall . 
 vampires , i suspected , were sneaky . 
 my heart rate increased considerably while i waited . 
 i adjusted my grip on the crossbow , which now rested in my lap , partially hidden by the chair 's overstuffed pillow . 
 from my position in the living room , i could n't see the upstairs landing . 
 mrs. perkins returned five minutes later , carrying a steaming cup of tea . 
 `` now , '' she said , as she sat on the couch across from me . 
 `` how can i help you , mr. spinoza ? '' 
 she did n't seem to notice that i had switched spots . 
 if anything , she seemed very distracted . 
 i heard movement upstairs . 
 something heavy fell . 
 i looked up at the sound , but mrs. perkins ignored it completely . 
 her demeanor was different this time around . 
 gone was the sour old lady , replaced now by something overly friendly . 
 and that 's when i noticed the white cloth wrapped around her neck ; in particular , what appeared to be a splotch of blood . 
 `` what happened to your neck , mrs. perkins ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the question seemed to shock her . 
 she jerked a little and sat up straighter . 
 she reached for her neck but never quite touched it . 
 `` oh , that ? '' 
 her strange , pleasant demeanor never wavered . 
 `` oh , that was just a minor ... thing i had removed at the doctor 's the other day . '' 
 i motioned to her arms , both of which were wrapped up in a similar white cloth . 
 `` and you had other ... things removed from your arms as well ? '' 
 she smiled serenely . 
 `` it 's horrible getting old , mr. spinoza . '' 
 `` i 'll remember that . '' 
 i found myself scanning the room ... in particular , the two exits . 
 one seemed to head off into what appeared to be a library , and the other went down the hallway . 
 i suspected there were a few offshoots from the hallway , an opening to the kitchen , no doubt , and the stairway leading up to the second floor . 
 `` who 's upstairs , mrs. perkins ? '' 
 i asked . 
 her slender form tensed a little ; her fingers clawed the arm of the couch . 
 `` what do you mean , dear ? '' 
 `` i mean , who 's that i hear walking around upstairs ? '' 
 `` oh , i have a guest . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` is n't that a personal question , mr. spinoza ? '' 
 `` perhaps you could tell the police then . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure the police would have no interest in - '' `` and you can also show them the wounds on your neck and arms - '' `` please , mr. spinoza , there 's no need for that . '' 
 and that 's when a woman 's voice resonated from somewhere down the hallway . 
 `` i would suggest , '' and the voice , growing louder as the speaker drew closer , `` that you leave my mother alone . '' 
 and as the last words were spoken , a very lovely , pale-faced woman stepped into the living room . 
 it was , of course , evelyn drake . 
 chapter twenty she looked sick and weak . 
 my first impression was that i was looking at someone who should probably be in the hospital , or lying in bed . 
 or in a grave . 
 she did n't stand entirely straight , as if the weight of something was dragging her down . 
 i also noticed she was supporting herself by resting a long-fingered hand on an elegant couch table sporting a vase with flowers . 
 dead flowers . 
 she looked like the perfect candidate to be gasping for air but , as far as i could tell , she was n't having any problems breathing . 
 did vampires even breathe ? 
 i did n't know . 
 in fact , i did n't know much about the undead at all , and i was seriously beginning to regret my decision to come here at all . 
 after all , the woman in front of me was the same woman i had seen in the autopsy report . 
 the same woman whose body had been covered in knife wounds . 
 seventy-two of them , in fact . 
 her feet were bare . 
 she was wearing a dark robe . 
 silk , i think . 
 her hair was slightly mussed . 
 she had been sleeping , roused , no doubt , by her mother . 
 a little pit stop on her way to making tea . 
 evelyn drake was pretty in an undead , goth sort of way . 
 her cheek bones were prominent . 
 her lips full , her eyes round and seemingly all-seeing . 
 her blondish hair was matted in places and i figured even vampires get bedhead . 
 `` you 're supposed to be dead , '' i said . 
 `` now , that 's not a very nice thing to say to a woman , '' she said . 
 she stepped into the room , feeling her way over the furniture , which supported her weight . 
 she stumbled slightly over the spot where the carpet met the marble flooring . 
 the skin showing around her robe was so white that i found myself staring . 
 her thighs and arms and neck ... like pure alabaster . 
 her lips were red , but not exorbitantly so . 
 i had an image of those lips covered in blood as she fed . 
 she smiled as if she had read my thoughts . 
 `` how long have you been living here ? '' 
 i asked , unnerved . 
 i had read somewhere that vampires could read minds . 
 and so i did all i could to not think of the crossbow hidden under the blanket . 
 in fact , i imagined i was holding a puppy . 
 it 's just a puppy . 
 a puppy , dammit . 
 she said , `` since my rather ... premature burial . '' 
 although obviously weakened , her movements were oddly fluid . 
 as if i were being approached by a ballerina . 
 a very pale and hungry-looking ballerina . 
 `` so , you 've been living here secretly for , what , over a year and a half ? '' 
 `` it 's no bother , really , '' said mrs. perkins nervously . 
 `` it 's such a joy to have her back . 
 we missed her so much . 
 she stays in her room all day , sleeping . 
 she 's such a hard working dear . 
 and when we go to bed at night she leaves for work . 
 works all night , and sometimes she 's just coming home when we awaken . 
 always so tired and dirty . '' 
 the mother looked at her daughter with so much love in her eyes that my heart nearly broke . 
 evelyn was now about halfway across the room . 
 `` your daughter was killed , mrs. perkins , '' i said . 
 `` an autopsy was performed on her . 
 she was buried . '' 
 `` ooh , we do n't talk about that , '' said mrs. perkins , clearly living in denial . 
 `` mistakes are made . '' 
 `` mother and i have an agreement to keep my presence a secret , '' said evelyn , still approaching me . 
 she looked weak , almost helpless , but there was something in her eye that scared the shit out of me . 
 it was the look of a killer . 
 a predator . 
 a hungry predator . 
 `` in return , she gets to see her daughter . '' 
 i looked at her mother 's wounded neck and arms . 
 `` and you get to feed . '' 
 `` mother loves her baby girl , '' said evelyn . 
 my stomach turned . 
 i tried to picture a daughter drinking blood from her own mother and it was too disturbing an image to hold for long . 
 `` and what of your own children ? '' 
 i asked evelyn . 
 `` my children have moved on , mr. spinoza , '' she said , glancing at my card that was still on the coffee table . 
 `` they think mummy is dead and we 'll just leave it like that . 
 my kids were always ... in the way . 
 and just a little too tempting . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` young blood ... is particularly fresh . '' 
 she looked at her mother who was watching this whole exchange with a frozen smile . 
 her cheek muscles twitched as she held the smile . 
 `` you kill people , '' i said . 
 she grinned . 
 `` i kill lots of people , mr. spinoza . 
 it 's kind of what i do . '' 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do you think i am ? '' 
 `` a bitch . 
 a user . 
 and a parasite . '' 
 the mother looked at me sharply . 
 `` i will not have such language - '' and that 's when evelyn drake lunged forward , leaping - chapter twenty-one i did n't want to kill her . 
 especially not in front of her own mother . 
 it was all so fucked up . 
 but she did n't give me much choice . 
 her strength was alarming , especially when she had appeared so visibly weakened . 
 or perhaps that had all been an act to catch me off guard . 
 with her mother screaming behind her , evelyn 's hand went straight for my throat and squeezed with such force that my neck would have snapped or been crushed within seconds . 
 the angle of her body was such that i did n't have to even adjust the crossbow . 
 as darkness rapidly approached the corners of my vision , i fired the weapon . 
 the first thing that i notice was a loosening of her grip . 
 the next thing i noticed was the strangled sounds i heard ... of course , those strangled sounds were my own feeble attempts to breathe . 
 the next thing i noticed was the woman on the ground , kicking and clawing her chest . 
 it was a site i 'll never forget . 
 steam hissed from between her fingers . 
 her screaming mother dove on her , pulling at the silver shaft that protruded from her chest . 
 `` my baby ! 
 my baby ! '' 
 she worked the bolt with both hands as the vampire writhed and twisted and screamed . 
 gasping , i found my feet , and just as the mother pulled free the bloody crossbow bolt , which dripped blood and meat , the woman on the floor lay still . 
 mrs. perkins threw herself on her daughter , wailing and begging her to come back to her . 
 and that 's when i turned my head and heaved until my stomach was empty . 
 chapter twenty-two i was in my office drinking a latte from starbucks . 
 starbucks has a new scone , called a petite vanilla bean . 
 being petite , i got three of them . 
 they were damned good . 
 too good . 
 i had just finished the last of the scones when detective hammer and his thick cop mustache came in through my door and set a big bag of greasy donuts on my desk . 
 he looked at my empty starbucks package . 
 `` do n't tell me you had one of those scone things . '' 
 `` a petite vanilla bean . 
 three of them . '' 
 `` oh , god . 
 any room left for a real breakfast ? '' 
 `` you mean a real breakfast of donuts ? '' 
 `` is there anything else ? '' 
 `` you are propagating the cop stereotype , '' i said . 
 `` and there 's always room for donuts . '' 
 he placed a cup holder on my desk filled with two steaming cups of coffee . 
 coffee had splashed out of the little holes in the plastic lids and had stained the rims . 
 i knocked back the last of my starbucks , tossed the empty cup in the trash , and started on the fresh coffee hammer gave me . 
 we both picked our donuts , sat back in our chairs , and took a few bites before hammer got things started . 
 `` you work some strange cases , '' he said . 
 `` lately . '' 
 `` this might be the strangest . '' 
 `` would be hard to top this one , '' i said . 
 hammer finished his first donut with a massive bite . 
 he washed it down with coffee and then dug out a maple bar from the bag . 
 `` we made some calls , '' he said . 
 `` talked to the right people . 
 a very strange conference ensued between the prosecutors , myself and the warden at san quentin , and ultimately the governor himself . 
 and due to extraordinary circumstances , edward drake is now a free man . 
 all charges have been dropped . '' 
 `` it 's hard to keep someone on death row , '' i said , `` when his victim has been alive and well for a year and a half . '' 
 `` she 's dead now . 
 at least , we think she 's dead , whatever the fuck she is . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` what are you some kind of vampire hunter ? '' 
 `` slayer , '' i said . 
 `` and , no . '' 
 `` well , needless to say we got the dna to confirm the boy 's status as her biological son . 
 the kid will get his full inheritance . 
 so you did do some good . '' 
 i nodded , happy for the boy , but feeling so weird inside that it was hard to put a finger on how i felt about anything these days . 
 i have now killed two vampires . 
 hell , maybe i was a vampire slayer . 
 jesus . 
 i voiced a question that had been gnawing at me . 
 `` did her dna come back with any , i dunno , abnormalities ? '' 
 `` you mean , did she have some weird vampire dna ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` no . 
 nothing . 
 looks as normal as can be . '' 
 we were silent some more . 
 the silence was filled with the sounds of masticating donuts . 
 i thought of the young man who hired me . 
 `` how much does david know of his mother ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 as far as he knows , his mother 's body had been recovered , a simple case of misplacement , and we acquired the dna we needed . 
 as far as the rest of the world knows , evelyn drake is dead , and has been dead , as she was supposed to have been two years ago . '' 
 `` and the father lives with the stigma of being a murderer . '' 
 hammer shrugged his meaty shoulders . 
 `` you ca n't win them all , spinoza . 
 he was given a new identity . 
 a new life . 
 we could n't do anything else for him except to say thank you and sorry . '' 
 `` thank you for trying to kill a bloodsucking killer ? '' 
 hammer looked a little sick . 
 `` right . 
 something like that . '' 
 `` life is weird , '' i said . 
 `` no shit . '' 
 he reached in the bag , removed a peanut chocolate cake , and stood . 
 `` and now i 'm going to go back to work and look for human murderers and psychopaths - and try like hell to forget this ever happened . '' 
 `` join the club . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not , '' he said . 
 `` hey , did you ever collect on your tacos ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'm ever hopeful . '' 
 the end 
