 vampire blues a samantha moon short story chapter one on the way to kingsley 's , just as i passed under a massive billboard of judge judy smiling down warmly-yet judgmentally-my cell phone rang . 
 i glanced at the faceplate . 
 caller unknown . 
 i clicked on my bluetooth . 
 `` moon investigations . '' 
 `` hi , '' said the voice of an elderly lady . 
 `` i 've never , you know , called a private investigator before . 
 i 'm a little nervous . '' 
 `` we 're just like other people , '' i said . 
 `` just a lot cooler . '' 
 `` oh , ha-ha . '' 
 she laughed good-naturedly . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure you are . '' 
 i headed up bastanchury avenue , which would soon loop me around to the foothills above yorba linda . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 `` well , i need some help , '' she said , pausing . 
 a pregnant pause . 
 i know pregnant pauses . 
 she had a cheating husband on her hands . 
 `` you think your husband 's cheating on you , '' i said , gunning the minivan and just making it through a yellow light . 
 `` how-how did you know ? '' 
 `` call it a hunch , '' i said . 
 actually , these days i did n't know what to call it . 
 my old hunches and my powerful new sixth sense had fused into one . 
 hunch or not , i was n't in the mood for another cheating spouse case . 
 in fact , i could barely stomach them these days . 
 i said , `` i 'm sorry to hear about your husband , but i 'm a little booked right now . 
 i know of a great detective out of huntington beach . 
 actually , do n't let him know that i said that , since he 's already got a big head - '' `` no . 
 please . 
 please , i want a woman to help me . 
 only a woman . '' 
 she took in a lot of air while i came to a stop at a red light . 
 i was the only one sitting at the intersection . 
 so who was i waiting for ? 
 she went on , `` i 'm kind of down on men right now , if you know what i mean . '' 
 actually , i did . 
 i had gone through a similar reaction with my ex-husband , danny . 
 in fact , i even recalled writing to fang that i hated all men . 
 i said , `` i 'm sure there are other female private investigators who would be more than happy - '' `` there are n't . 
 i 've looked . 
 you 're the only one in the yellow pages . 
 at least , the only one with a woman 's name . '' 
 the light turned green . 
 kingsley was waiting for me with a chilled glass of the red stuff . 
 i had n't eaten in two days . 
 i was ravenous and i was cranky . 
 i said , `` let me be blunt : my own husband cheated on me not long ago . 
 the very thought of working on another cheating spouse case turns my stomach . 
 i 'm just not the right person for this . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry to hear that . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 i could almost see her frowning . 
 hell , maybe i could see her frowning . 
 in fact , the woman in my thoughts had a thick head of curly red hair . 
 she looked a bit like lucille ball in her dotage . 
 then again , that could have all just been my imagination . 
 and i 've always loved lucille ball . 
 `` well , thank you anyway , '' she said . 
 `` i will keep looking . '' 
 the pain in her voice found its way straight to my heart . 
 normally , such pain did n't register very deeply . 
 after all , i spend half my time hearing heart-breaking stories . 
 but this woman 's pain reached me somehow . 
 perhaps because i had seen her in my thoughts . 
 or perhaps because she reminded me of lucille ball . 
 either way , i could n't let her hang up just yet . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 `` let me give you some advice . 
 ninety-five percent of the people who come to me with concerns of spousal misconduct are right . '' 
 `` so , you 're saying that more than likely he is cheating ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying that more than likely your instincts are spot on . '' 
 in my mind i could almost see her closing her eyes and nodding , her red , curly hair bouncing . 
 `` i see . 
 well , that 's not good enough for me , miss moon . 
 i need to know . 
 i need to know for sure . '' 
 there was a long pause and i could tell she was crying . 
 `` i wo n't trouble you any - '' `` wait , '' i said again , truly hating myself for what i was about to say next . 
 i had a big case i was unofficially working with detective sherbet of the fullerton p.d. and it was getting dangerous . 
 i had stumbled across another victim of the `` orange county stalker '' that was only minutes old-the body still warm with blood pooling under the corpse . 
 i had to stop myself from having a taste and leaving behind my dna for the coroner 's office . 
 self-discipline was a bitch , but far be it from me to taint a crime scene with my own genetic evidence . 
 in the last hour , i had disentangled myself from giving my official statement to the fpd and a copy of my notes on the orange county stalker habits-i had worked up a decent profile on her . 
 yes , i said her . 
 sherbet was going to try to pay me for my work from some grant money for crime tippers which was way cool in my book since my kids both had dental appointments coming up . 
 my sister , mary lou , had the kids at her house tonight and i planned to see kingsley for some growly randr and a much-needed feeding . 
 i did n't have time for cheating spouses . 
 i did n't want to deal with cheating spouses . 
 i hated cheating spouses . 
 but despite all of that , and my growling stomach , i heard myself say : `` i 'll help you . 
 tomorrow . 
 the investigation on your husband should be a quick one . '' 
 she thanked me profusely , and when she was done i asked why she thought her husband was cheating . 
 as i wound my way to kingsley 's massive estate , she told me the usual story . 
 husband was staying out later than normal . 
 showering immediately when he came home . 
 his excuses were never very good and she knew in her heart that he was lying . 
 her husband , apparently , had never been very good at lying . 
 mostly , though , she was confused and lost . 
 her husband had been such a good man for so many years . 
 a great provider . 
 a great friend . 
 always there for her , even as she now battled cancer . 
 hell , even more so . 
 every day , he told her how much he loved her . 
 every day , he made her feel like a princess . 
 she asked me why would he do this to her and i did n't have an answer , except to say that men were pigs . 
 i immediately hated this one . 
 i gave her a checklist of information that i would need , including her hubby 's personal and professional info and up to five recent pictures . 
 i gave her my email address and she said she would get right on it . 
 whoopee . 
 she hung up , but before she did , she thanked me again . 
 as i clicked off and pulled up to kingsley 's gaudy estate , i recognized the painful irony of the situation : she was thanking me to confirm her worst fears . 
 i had a helluva job . 
 chapter two the next day , i had thirty minutes to kill before my appointment with jacky , my boxing trainer . 
 sitting in my minivan in the blessed shade of a pathetic magnolia tree , i went through my emails on the iphone and found an attachment from one gertrude shine . 
 the old lady from yesterday , i was sure of it . 
 sighing , i opened it and found five pictures of an aged man with a thick mustache . 
 included with the pictures was the man 's personal information , and i was struck again by the intrusive nature of my job . 
 the man in the photo was a complete stranger . 
 but pretty soon he would be all too familiar , so familiar that i would be instrumental in the destruction of his marriage . 
 no . 
 he was instrumental in the destruction of the marriage . 
 i was just reporting the facts . 
 i closed my eyes , rubbed them . 
 i did n't have to take the job . 
 i did n't have to take any job . 
 except danny had yet to pony up any child support , let alone alimony , despite making five times what i make . 
 despite openly cheating on me . 
 i studied the son of a bitch in the photos . 
 two of the photos depicted him standing with a large woman with red hair-the same woman , i was n't too shocked to see , that i had seen in my thoughts . 
 i 'm getting stronger , i thought . 
 indeed , my psychic powers now seemed to be increasing daily . 
 anyway , the couple did not seem very happy , and i did n't think that was a psychic hit . 
 anyone looking at the pictures could see that . 
 they were n't holding hands ; in fact , they were n't really standing close to each other . 
 the man was dumpy , but looked strong . 
 probably in his youth he had been an athlete but had let himself go to hell . 
 he had broad shoulders that were mostly fat now . 
 his mustache seemed to change from picture to picture , growing thicker and longer in some . 
 i had asked for recent pictures , but these were clearly separated by months or even years . 
 i was parked on the street outside the gym , on a sweltering day in southern california , where even in the shade the temperature was probably in the high eighties . 
 i probably should have been sticky with sweat but i was n't . 
 in fact , i was cold . 
 so damn cold . 
 vampire cold . 
 her husband 's name was cs shine , and according to gertrude 's email that 's all her husband went by : cs . 
 seriously ? 
 what kind of pompous ass goes by initials these days ? 
 i never understood it and probably never would . 
 initials did not a name make . 
 cs shine . 
 he sounded like a cruise ship . 
 anyway , cs dumbass actually worked nearby-at a bakery of all places . 
 so i checked the time on my cell , saw that i had another twenty-five minutes before jacky would start yelling at me to keep my boxing hands up , then started the minivan and headed east on commonwealth . 
 to the only bakery in town . 
 and to cs dipshit . 
 chapter three i 'd seen the bakery over the years , but had never made it inside . 
 and since i doubted they served plasma-filled turnovers , these days i had even less reason to go inside . 
 for now , though , i parked across the street and took in the scene . 
 we were still technically in downtown fullerton , but we were pushing it . 
 the buildings here were mostly part of newer chains , with hipster apartments above and clean sidewalks out front . 
 part of fullerton 's attempt to commercialize its downtown . 
 for the most part , the idea worked . 
 the older stores had gotten a facelift , and now the whole area was buzzing with activity . 
 the bakery had a decidedly old-world feel to it , as if it had been transplanted brick by brick from the back streets of italy or france . 
 it was tucked between some of the newer buildings , and i could just see the owner , cs loser , indignantly holding his ground , progress be damned . 
 no doubt he had turned down large of sums of money to buy his bakery , thumbing his nose at the establishment . 
 of course , i could be wrong , but this was a borderline psychic hit . 
 if so , you could take it to the bank . 
 anyway , the windows out front advertised cream puffs and fresh baked breads . 
 there was a yellowed poster of an apple pie in the window . 
 another displayed a stack of what had once been a fresh-baked batch of cookies . 
 now they were so faded they could have been a pile of cow pies . 
 undeterred by the shabby window dressings , customers poured in and out of the bakery . 
 many held pink boxes or white bags . 
 i was willing to bet that detective sherbet of the fullerton p.d. frequented the place . 
 stereotypical , i know , but the man had a huge sweet tooth . 
 he also had a nice , round belly . 
 the two were not mutually exclusive . 
 through the dusty glass , i could see a man working . 
 an older man wearing an apron . 
 there was also a much younger woman working there , too . 
 a cute younger woman who smiled a lot through the window , and it was obvious that she made every customer feel welcome . 
 i hated her immediately . 
 home-wrecking bitch . 
 easy , girl . 
 you do n't know that . 
 girls who smiled at everyone made me nervous . 
 married men responded to those smiles . 
 married men thought those smiles were directed only at them . 
 married men acted on those smiles in stupid ways . 
 especially married bosses . 
 i watched the scene for the next twenty minutes , absorbing the details of the girl , of the man , the way they seemed to work effortlessly in tandem . 
 sometimes he appeared out front and graciously spoke to customers . 
 mostly he worked in the back , no doubt making his pies and cakes and all the things that i could n't touch with a ten-foot pole . 
 by the time i left , i was certain the two were a little too chummy , a little too comfortable . 
 something was up . 
 that much was certain , and gertrude , i think , had every right to be suspicious . 
 now she just needed proof , and that was the hard part . 
 chapter four mary lou and i had just finished our weekly round of drinks at hero 's . 
 yes , i still frequented hero 's . 
 yes , i still im 'd fang . 
 yes , i knew he was a killer . 
 aaron parker , aka fang , raised serious moral issues with me , moral issues that i often struggled with . 
 that he was a headcase , there was no doubt . 
 anyone who grew up in the environment in which he had grown up , in the circumstances in which he had grown up , would have had similar issues . 
 or not . 
 perhaps it was a perfect storm of craziness and circumstance . 
 either way , at age seventeen , a very delusional aaron parker had killed his girlfriend , sucking her dry . 
 his story had been a sensational one . 
 even more sensational , was that the young man had escaped a high-security psychiatry ward , killing two more men in the process . 
 that had been almost two decades ago . 
 aaron parker , of course , now went by an assumed name , and as far as i could tell , he had had some facial reconstruction surgery . 
 he was still a wanted man , and he just so happened to be our bartender and my confidant . 
 no , i had n't known about his past . 
 i did n't know who the hell he was , truth be known , until six months ago , when we had met for the first time . 
 or , rather , when he had re-introduced himself . 
 turns out that he had stalked me and found out who i was and where i lived . 
 and this is where i struggle . 
 fang had proven time and again , to have my best interests at heart . 
 that he was obsessed with vampires was another thing entirely . 
 another thing that i chose to ignore . 
 in fact , i chose to see only his good side , a side that had been touching and human and endlessly informative . 
 therein lies my quandary . 
 i had grown close to him over the years-very close . 
 it was n't until six years had passed that the truth came out . 
 i should have been pissed . 
 i should have felt violated . 
 to be sure , i had flirted with both emotions . 
 mostly , in the end , i saw him as a deeply troubled man . 
 not to mention , we had a psychic connection that i could n't quite place my finger on . 
 no doubt the connection was rooted in our close friendship . 
 indeed , the closer i got to people , the more i could read their minds . 
 the interesting thing about fang was this : he could also read my mind . 
 i had n't been ready for that . 
 he liked to remind me that we are both flawed . 
 that we had both killed . 
 that we are both victims of circumstance . 
 he liked to remind me that he never intended to kill his girlfriend . 
 it had been an accident . 
 two people had gone too far in the throes of lovemaking . 
 and one of them had ended up dead . 
 yes , fang and i were friends . 
 yes , he had wanted much more , but i had questioned his motives . 
 it seemed to me that he loved me for my gifts . 
 like a star-crossed fan . 
 i questioned his motives , especially when he asked me to turn him into a vampire . 
 no , i had n't turned him , but we remained friends , even while i continued to date kingsley . 
 so , when we left the bar on this quiet evening , with fang and i having made small talk both audibly and inaudibly , i saw something that surprised the hell out of me . 
 something made me turn back and pause , and as i did so , i spotted cs dipstick working his way through the bar . 
 i stood there with my sister and tried not to stare as the older baker worked his way out of the bar , passed us , and headed outside . 
 a strong plume of vaporous alcohol trailed behind him . 
 the man certainly did n't look like an adulterer . 
 he looked tired , worn down , and at his wits ' end . 
 maybe because of all the extramarital sex , i thought . 
 the thought really did n't stick . 
 frowning after him , i excused myself from my sister and followed him out . 
 chapter five cs numbnuts was walking down a fairly busy sidewalk . 
 i trailed behind him a dozen feet , keeping my head down and my hands in my pockets . 
 i passed a half dozen well-dressed couples , ranging from old to young . 
 some of the younger couples veered off into hero 's . 
 i slid behind an older couple who were laughing and walking while holding hands . 
 little did they know they were being used as my cover . 
 or that an honest-to-god vampire was just steps behind them . 
 if so , i doubted the woman would have nonchalantly reached down and squeezed the older guy 's buns . 
 or what passed as buns , since there was nothing really there . 
 still , he laughed uproariously , and i was beginning to suspect that someone was going to pop a little blue pill tonight . 
 the older couple moved at a much slower pace than i would have liked , especially now that the woman had found her man 's non-ass , and as they strolled and squeezed and laughed , the baker made a right turn through some buildings and disappeared into the shadows . 
 shadows were n't a problem for me . 
 hell , i specialized in shadows . 
 with my target out of sight , i quickly slipped past the horny old couple . 
 but before i did , i squeezed the man 's ass to see what the fuss was all about . 
 at least i think i squeezed it . 
 i might have hit all bone . 
 either way , he yelped and jumped about two feet and the woman shot me a furious look . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , speaking over my shoulder . 
 `` i thought you were someone else . '' 
 although technically a parking lot , this was really nothing more than a glorified alley , overflow for the bar . 
 at the far end , a pair of brake lights flashed . 
 i ducked between two cars and crouched , watching as a beat-up van backed out slowly and carefully . 
 i caught the profile of the baker as he worked the gear shift in the darkened alley . 
 his profile came sharply into view , alight with the glowing particles that someone like me can somehow see . 
 he was an old , tired man . 
 too tired for an affair , if you ask me . 
 so , what the hell was going on ? 
 shortly , he must have found the drive gear , because now he was rolling forward and quickly picking up speed , moving opposite me to the far end of the alley . 
 i briefly debated what to do , since he was now heading in the opposite direction of my parked minivan , which was in the bar 's main parking lot a half block away . 
 i could run to my minivan , but i risked losing him . 
 or i could run after him ... and risk looking like a freak . 
 i thought about this , chewing my lower lip , and as he reached the far end of the alley-and actually turned on his blinker-i made a decision . 
 as he hung a right and headed up amerige street , i dashed after him . 
 let the freak show begin ... chapter six i quickly covered the space between the alley and the street . 
 i slowed when i came up to amerige street . 
 i rarely spoke of or utilized this particular talent , one that i had discovered years ago : the ability to move fast . 
 i had the ability to cover ground so quickly that at times i thought i was flying . 
 i mean , how often did one need to dash down a street ? 
 i was n't a superhero . 
 i was n't a cop . 
 i did n't chase down bad guys . 
 and i was n't in an adam sandler movie , where i would use my speed to win track races and collect babes . 
 it was just something i could do , something i could tap into when needed . 
 and tonight , caught between an alley and blocks away from my minivan-and not knowing where cs adulterer was headed-well , i had little other choice . 
 i was wearing my nike running shoes , a cute pair with a yellow swoosh that matched the yellow ribbon in my hair . 
 i doubted the nike designers ever conducted a field test like this before . 
 amerige is a quiet street that runs north and south , paralleling harbor boulevard , itself running through the heart of downtown fullerton . 
 a car was coming from my left , and there was a couple walking toward me a half block down . 
 i ducked my head and hung a right , spying the van 's taillights in the far distance . 
 cs asshole was easily three blocks ahead of me , having clearly caught a few green lights . 
 i jogged at first , my legs feeling strong and mechanical , two pistons attached to a five-foot , three-inch frame . 
 i stepped off the sidewalk and jogged along the street next to a row of parked cars . 
 i picked up speed gradually , keeping the van in sight . 
 the couple whipped past me , a blur really . 
 i saw the man 's head snap around , following . 
 or trying to follow me . 
 no doubt his jaw had dropped open , too . 
 i chuckled and lowered my shoulders , picking up speed . 
 street signs , small trees , and fire hydrants all whipped past me . 
 a small dog barked at me from an open car window , but its yipping receded behind me almost instantly . 
 i came to the first intersection , and i was in luck . 
 a green light . 
 i debated slowing . 
 the debate did n't last long when i spied the van hang a left far ahead . 
 i hit another gear entirely . 
 a gear i did n't know i had . 
 lights blurred past me so fast that i should n't have been able to control my body . 
 i should have been completely out of control , slamming into whatever crossed paths in front of me . 
 but it was the opposite . 
 i had complete control of my body-and i saw everything with clarity . 
 perhaps even supernatural clarity , nearly predicting where cars and people would be . 
 wind thundered over me , plastering my clothing to my skin , whipping my hair into a crazed frenzy . 
 my legs felt so damn strong . 
 my energy endless . 
 i could do this all night . 
 all the way to the rising sun . 
 i 'm not sure what people saw , or what they think they saw , or even if they actually did see me . 
 i was through the intersection so fast that if someone looked down , or looked away , or even blinked , they would have missed me . 
 i felt movement to my right and veered away just as a car pulled rapidly away from the curb and hung a u-turn . 
 the driver never saw me , i 'm sure of it . 
 the light at the next intersection was red . 
 i slowed down gradually , reluctantly , coming up behind a row of cars . 
 i side-stepped smoothly onto the sidewalk and wove quickly through a group of women who were much too loud and drunk . 
 i suspected i was in the midst of one of those `` girls ' nights out '' that i 'm always hearing about . 
 does drinking with my sister count ? 
 by the time i reached the sidewalk , the light had turned green . 
 i crossed with the others , except , unlike the others , i was already on the far side of the street before they had taken a few steps . 
 i heard gasps behind me , and saw many heads turn , but they were now so far behind me that i did n't care and i 'm sure they were doubting their own sanity . 
 and now i was running so fast that i was n't entirely certain that my feet were touching the ground . 
 wind blasted me . 
 lights streaked . 
 bugs were obliterated . 
 the next light was green and i was just a blur . 
 i felt like a blur , too . 
 i felt inhuman . 
 i felt elemental . 
 like the wind . 
 something from the sky , the earth . 
 cars came and went . 
 people came and went . 
 i swerved , i dodged , i hauled ass , and finally i hung a left and was nearly upon the van , which was just turning into a warehouse . 
 i swerved to the other side of the street and spent a few seconds coming to a full stop . 
 i might be immortal , but i still had to contend with physics . 
 well , sort of . 
 cars are manufactured with brakes . 
 bi-peds ? 
 not so much . 
 from behind an old-school station wagon , i watched the van come to a complete stop along the side of the building . 
 the baker emerged from the van , and as he did so , a car door opened from another vehicle parked near the warehouse . 
 his pretty young assistant stepped out and met him with a warm hug . 
 bingo ! 
 together they slipped inside the dark building through a side door . 
 my mind raced . 
 what was this place ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 i did n't know the answers to either question , but one thing i did know : men were fucking pigs . 
 chapter seven i stepped up to the building and scanned it . 
 so what kind of building was this ? 
 why were they here after hours ? 
 was this some kind of underground sex club ? 
 were unspeakable sexual acts being performed just behind these doors ? 
 i pictured a sea of naked bodies , all undulating rhythmically to hypnotic music , drugs everywhere , naked limbs everywhere , penises and breasts and sex toys galore . 
 but i knew this was n't right . 
 this was just my imagination running wild . 
 far different than a psychic hit . 
 still , i listened for music , for the thumping of bass , for anything , but heard nothing other than a faint , echoing hammering sound which could have come from anywhere . 
 no . 
 wait . 
 laughter . 
 yes , i just heard laughter coming from within the building . 
 the bastard . 
 he had no business laughing with another woman , not with a dying wife waiting for him at home . 
 the bastard . 
 i stepped back and scanned the facade . 
 nothing to indicate what the building was . 
 i had a thought and removed my iphone . 
 i google-mapped the area and a moment later the same city street popped up on my screen . 
 this time in bright daylight . 
 ah , there we go . 
 according to google maps , the area was known as al 's auto . 
 i pocketed the phone and did some frowning . 
 al 's auto ? 
 what the hell ? 
 i did n't know what was going on , but i knew one thing : a married man had met his cute assistant in an apparent abandoned building late at night , leaving his sick wife to die alone . 
 yeah , men are fucking pigs . 
 of course , i was a little biased these days . 
 keeping to the shadows of a pathetic tree rising up from a trash-strewn sidewalk planter , i closed my eyes and utilized some of my newfound skills , clearing my mind and doing my best to remove some of the burning hate that i was feeling for the cheating bastard . 
 with eyes closed , i expanded my awareness . 
 i imagined this as a glowing arc , widening around me like ripples in a pond . 
 the glowing arc was my feelers , my tentacles , my supernatural eyes and ears and hands and feet . 
 it kept widening . 
 i sensed a nearby mailbox . 
 there was a rat watching me from a drain grate . 
 correction , three rats , all with glowing eyes , attracted to me for reasons i could n't quite understand . 
 there was also an orange tabby that had made its way from the alley to sit under the baker 's van . 
 the tabby was watching the rats , its tail swooshing spasmodically . 
 i could almost-almost-hear the growling of its stomach . 
 maybe i sensed its hunger . 
 anyway , the arc continued out , widening , now reaching its curious supernatural feelers deep into the al 's auto . 
 i saw a simple front office . 
 two simple front offices , actually . 
 computers . 
 desks . 
 filing cabinets . 
 pictures of sports cars on the walls . 
 the building was n't abandoned . 
 it was perfectly functioning . 
 i sensed a hallway that led into the back of the shop . 
 i pushed through a doorway into a brightly lit room . 
 lots of images here . 
 murky images . 
 clear images . 
 cars lined up . 
 cars on lifts . 
 another bigger image under what appeared to be a tarp . 
 but i was reaching the end of my range . 
 the images were getting murkier , fuzzier , more scattered . 
 i was certain there was a man lying on the ground . 
 correction : two men lying on the ground . 
 or perhaps kneeling ; it was hard to tell . 
 were they dead ? 
 again , impossible to tell . 
 and now i saw something else . 
 or someone else . 
 a woman was squatting over one of them . 
 the images were distorted at best . 
 what they were doing exactly was impossible to tell . 
 what i inferred they were doing was another story . 
 my consciousness snapped back to the street , stunned . 
 i opened my eyes and , briefly confused , got my bearings . 
 a scratching sound came from my right . 
 i turned and saw the bright eyes of one of the rats . 
 watching me . 
 he had inched a little closer . 
 i ignored the rat and did the only thing i could think of . 
 my client wanted evidence . 
 i would give her evidence . 
 i did n't have time to mess around with this case . 
 i had other , more important cases . 
 bigger cases . 
 one and done , i thought . 
 it was time to end this case . 
 i pulled out my iphone once again , but this time i called mrs. shine . 
 chapter eight we were in the alleyway . 
 gertrude shine was a heavy-set woman with swollen ankles , so swollen that the hem of her stretch pants were stretched to the limit . 
 her hair was indeed red and permed , and she was the spitting image of the woman i had seen in my thoughts . 
 anyway , i felt horrible for bringing her out here , especially in her current condition , but people do n't pay me to tell them good news . 
 they already know , in their hearts , that bad news is coming . 
 i 'm simply a facilitator of bad news , which is a shitty way of looking at my job . 
 or an aspect of my job , but there you have it . 
 had i more time , i would have waited around and tried to photograph the adoring couple as they left the building , ideally hand-in-hand , and no doubt with a long kiss goodbye . 
 people generally do n't hump in public , and , by law , i ca n't photograph through windows . 
 major invasion of privacy . 
 so , catching a couple on a date , kissing in public , and generally acting lovie-dovie is the best any private eye can hope for . 
 and it 's generally enough for most people . 
 well , screw all that . 
 the woman was dying . 
 her husband was a snake , and i had bigger fish to fry . 
 `` he 's in there ? '' 
 asked gertrude . 
 she seemed to be having problems standing and she was definitely having problems breathing . 
 i was worried for her , but she did n't complain . 
 i nodded , and she set her jaw determinedly . 
 `` with her ? '' 
 `` and one other , '' i said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` i 'm confused , '' she said . 
 `` so am i , '' i said . 
 minutes earlier she had parked across the street , and i had led her back here to the alley behind the auto shop . 
 before us were two massive fold-up doors , so big they could have housed a dirigible . 
 lights flickered beyond the dirty windows . 
 i heard voices , laughter . 
 as far as i was aware , only three people were inside . 
 the back alley was similar in layout to hero 's ; meaning , the space behind the shop was also a small parking lot that bled into a much darker alley . 
 if i had n't been so tough , i might have looked nervously down the alleys . 
 i was , and i did n't . 
 the air was heavy and still . 
 mrs. shine was sweating profusely and waving her hand in front of her face . 
 it was time to get on with it . 
 `` so , you have no idea who owns this building ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` none . '' 
 i went over to the first of the garage doors and studied it . 
 two big padlocks . 
 i reached down and gripped the handle . 
 `` but is n't it locked ? '' 
 asked gertrude , stepping behind me . 
 i was feeling sassy and impatient and even small lies seemed a waste of time . 
 `` not anymore , '' i said , and yanked hard on the handle . 
 both locks held tight , but i could n't say the same for the latches . 
 they ripped apart and tumbled to the cracked concrete , even while i continued pulling up the rolling door . 
 light spilled out . 
 blinding light . 
 behind me , mrs. shine gasped . 
 i did n't gasp , but my jaw did drop open . 
 chapter nine three people jumped in unison . 
 one of the guys who jumped was unfortunately working under what appeared to be a massive propeller . 
 as he leaped , he slammed his head hard , instantly opening a gash along his hairline . 
 blood poured freely from his skull and he cursed . 
 before i could stop myself , i licked my lips . 
 `` jesus h. christ ! '' 
 he shouted , holding his head . 
 we seemed to have caught the young woman , who had been kneeling next to him , in the act of handing him a tool . 
 holding a wrench , she gasped and spun around . 
 she was , of course , the baker 's assistant . 
 apparently , she was also a mechanic 's assistant , too . 
 the baker himself had been lying on a tarp and painting the hull of what i could see now was a good-sized boat . 
 in his alarm , he had kicked over the can of paint which spilled across the tarp and over onto the oil-stained cement floor . 
 the young guy holding his bleeding head marched over to us , holding his wrench rather threateningly . 
 i was still stunned , still soaking in the scene , still realizing i had made an egregious error . 
 so had gertrude shine . 
 the young man with the wrench said , `` what the hell 's going on here ? '' 
 blood had found its way between his fingers . 
 i was too alarmed to pay much attention to it . 
 well , not too much . 
 i did notice how the overhead lights reflected dully off it . 
 perfectly off it . 
 he was looking around wildly , trying , no doubt , to figure out how we had gotten in . 
 he walked briefly outside and saw his destroyed garage . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 i said nothing . 
 there was nothing to say . 
 something like this could cost me my private investigator 's license . 
 i had n't been thinking . 
 i had n't been thinking for a few days now . 
 hell , even longer . 
 after all , orange county was being stalked by a sick son-of-a-bitch , and i had found myself in the thick of it . 
 but i could n't think about that now . 
 i blinked . 
 coming back to my senses . 
 what had i done ? 
 sure , i might have talked my way out of something like this , but it was impossible with gertrude next to me . 
 her husband , cs shine , came over to her , equally stunned . 
 there was a big blotch of cream-colored paint on his hip where the pail had been knocked over and washed over him . 
 `` trudy ? '' 
 he said , looking from her , to me , to the broken door , to his bleeding mechanic friend . 
 `` trudy , what 's going on ? '' 
 i looked at her and saw that she was crying , holding her hands over her face . 
 she was looking up at the stern , the back of the boat where the massive propeller was mounted . 
 although most of the boat was covered in a blue tarp , the stern was exposed , perhaps so the mechanic could have a go at the engine . 
 painted in fancy black script above the propeller were the words `` gertrude forever . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she said , but she was crying so of course she understood . 
 perfectly . 
 he smiled at her patiently , and i saw the love radiating from him . 
 literally . 
 i could see the warm , violet waves emanating from the light field that surrounded him , reaching out to her . 
 `` you always wanted to travel the world , honey , and now we can . 
 we 've been overhauling it . 
 al , becky 's boyfriend , has been letting me use his shop and helping me rebuild the engine . '' 
 she buried her face in her hands . 
 `` i thought you were ... '' but she could n't finish her words . 
 `` having an affair ? '' 
 he smiled warmly , and instead of defending himself or laughing off her insecurity , mr. cs shine went over to his wife and gave her a big , smothering hug , and i heard the intimate words he whispered softly into her ear , `` ah , my sweetheart . 
 do n't you know by now you 're my precious girl ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry - '' but he shushed her and held her , and his words hit me hard . 
 i fought my own tears and mostly won . 
 just then the young mechanic appeared in front of me . 
 `` someone 's paying for my door and for this . '' 
 he pointed to the gash in his forehead . 
 i told him i would . 
 i told him i would do anything he needed . 
 i gave him my card and he nodded , and i could see the questioning look in his eyes , even though he did n't voice his thoughts : how the hell had we broken his door ? 
 but i only smiled weakly at him , told him to send me any bills . 
 mr. and mrs. shine were pressed tightly in each other 's arms and the mechanic bled into a dew rag pressed tightly to his head . 
 okay , i conceded . 
 some men were n't assholes . 
 some men were angels . 
 i slipped away from the embracing couple . 
 into the night . 
 where i belonged . 
 the end ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ nightmare nightmares . 
 we all have them . 
 we all wake up in a cold sweat , bolting upright in bed , praying like hell that we were only dreaming . 
 the relief that it had all been just a bad dream is nearly overwhelming . 
 for the lucky few , they might only experience such nightmares , once , twice a month . 
 for other like me ... and susan , well , our nightmares would never end . 
 ever . 
 until now . 
 until we did something about it . 
 * * * i watched her turn the page , then scratch her crotch . 
 very unattractive . 
 her name was susan , and in her defense she thought she was alone in her apartment . 
 i drifted over and peered down at my book-yes , my book . 
 fifty years ago , i had printed and bound only four copies of it . 
 now here she was , attentively reading it . 
 she was nearing the end , i could see . 
 i followed her eyes as she read , wondering how much she was absorbing . 
 when she finally finished with the last page , she sat back and looked through me , thinking hard . 
 for her sake , i could only pray that my words had , indeed , sunk in . 
 she rubbed her face and looked generally shaken . 
 she should look shaken . 
 here be demons . 
 real , honest-to-god demons . 
 finally , she stood and stretched in front of me . 
 i admired her beauty with an empty , ghostly heart . 
 i next followed her into her bedroom , repressing the memories of what this would have meant back when i had been alive : the bedroom of a beautiful woman and her in it . 
 ah . 
 she dropped the book on her bed and disappeared into the bathroom . 
 ghosts ca n't do much physically except spy on the natural world , and i did so now , enthusiastically . 
 as i watched her peel away her clothes , i suddenly realized that it had been over fifty years since i last made love . 
 fifty long , shitty years . 
 i am quite dead , having died tragically and instantly in front of a large school bus . 
 once dead , two beings had come for me , both tall and shining , and they had promptly scared the shit out of me . 
 i backed away in fear , and they let me be , leaving quietly . 
 i sensed they would be back . 
 and they had been . 
 three times , once for each time thus far that i had located my book and attempted to connect with its reader . 
 but always i refused their advances . 
 after all , my work here was n't done . 
 there was susan , the fourth and final reader of my book . 
 susan made me want to live again . 
 she was soft . 
 she was vulnerable . 
 she was young . 
 beautiful . 
 her bangs were in need of a trim and just as she swept them out of her eyes with a graceful hand , i recognized the poetry of her in delicate motion , like the unveiling of a sonnet , line by line . 
 if i could have sighed , i would have . 
 as she showered , the most amazing and cursed thing happened : i felt a surge of guilt for leering at her like a peeping tom . 
 who knew that ghosts could feel shame and guilt ? 
 sighing , i left the bathroom and headed back to her bedroom , where i waited , feeling like a perverted old man . 
 and i was old , too . 
 at least , i had been when i died . 
 now , i was ancient . 
 like i said , there are only four copies of my book , scare that nightmare right back , in the world , the very book susan had just been reading . 
 not exactly a bestseller but the book served a very important purpose . 
 after all , i only needed one person to find it . 
 and she had . 
 fifty years after i wrote it . 
 susan was my last chance . 
 back when i completed it , i managed to talk only three libraries into stocking the book . 
 the fourth went to the library of congress , keeper of all books . 
 this was before the digital age , before the advent of all those damned reading devices that i see folks using all the time . 
 i say damned because had those devices been around in my time , many more good people would have found my book ... and thus , many more would have found peace , too . 
 peace and sanity . 
 now , i haunt all four places where my books reside-and only those four places , although i must say , the library of congress is the most interesting of the places i haunt , with its millions of documents and a layer of government that wields a mighty power , perhaps as the library of alexandria once did . 
 ghosts are funny . 
 we generally attach ourselves to the place of our deaths , unless such places are in the open , as had been my situation . 
 so , instead of being attached to a place , i found myself attached to objects . 
 four objects , in fact . 
 my four books . 
 interestingly , i always know when someone touches any one of my books . 
 it 's a nice trick that i do n't pretend to understand . 
 my work here is n't finished , i thought . 
 it 's as simple as that . 
 and what was my work ? 
 easy . 
 banishing nightmare forever . 
 anyway , earlier today i had watched as susan removed the book from the shelf , flipped it open . 
 i could see immediately that she was one of nightmare 's victims . 
 the dark bags under her eyes . 
 the drooping of her shoulders . 
 her grayish aura which reeked of exhaustion . 
 yes , nightmare , the psychic vampire of the dream world , was eating this one alive . 
 unlike physical vampires that suck blood , nightmare stole away pleasant dreams and replaced them with the horror and the terror of whatever each human feared the most . 
 i pitied her greatly , seeing the fatigue and anxiety that had worn her down during sleep . 
 but then i saw something else as she continued reading through my book . 
 hope . 
 not much , granted , but a glimmering . 
 enough to make her stand a little straighter . 
 enough to make her take a long , deep , shuddering breath . 
 enough to make her check out the book . 
 i was filled with hope , too . 
 perhaps now i could finally end this madness . 
 i knew exactly what she was going through , and i hated nightmare for doing this to her and to others like her . 
 hated him with all my ghostly heart . 
 you see , i myself had confronted nightmare , and nearly destroyed him . 
 nearly . 
 but the bastard had slipped through my fingers , literally . 
 and i would n't rest , either in this world or the next , until he was destroyed forever . 
 soon enough the bathroom door opened , filling the bedroom with golden light , and as she walked out , her incredible form silhouetted in the door frame , she could have easily been an angel taking me away from this world and my haunted books . 
 to my slight dismay , she quickly donned a pair of sweats and slipped into bed . 
 bed . 
 sleep . 
 nightmare would be here soon . 
 the son-of-a-bitch . 
 she kept a reading light on , and was re-reading the sleep preparations outlined in my book . 
 the most important procedure to rid oneself of the demon , the psychic vampire called nightmare , are the sleep preparations . 
 i sidled up next to her , and just as i did so , the hair along her forearms shot up . 
 ah , the living always know we spirits are near . 
 at least , they do on a very deep level . 
 perhaps too deep for most . 
 as she read , i drifted back into the far corner , waiting for what i was certain would come . 
 i was n't surprised . 
 as soon as the book fell to her lap and her head nodded off to one side , nightmare appeared . 
 * * * nightmare was massive . 
 in the physical world , nightmare is seen only as a shimmering substance , like a sheet of water suspended in the air . 
 now that i could see him with new eyes , so to speak , i saw what he really was , and he was penultimately terrifying . 
 sweet jesus . 
 what have i gotten myself into ? 
 the thing that had materialized near her bedroom window was easily seven feet tall . 
 it had broad shoulders and a narrow waist . 
 his head , long and thin , looked like a horse 's head . 
 the pointy things just missing the ceiling were short horns . 
 his skin was translucent , and i was n't entirely sure that i was n't seeing through him . 
 sweet jesus . 
 what he was , i did n't know . 
 actually , i did know . 
 he was a parasite . 
 a spiritual parasite , a dream twister , a psychic vampire who sucked away pleasant dreams , and turned sleep into night terrors . 
 i hoped that susan would never know what was truly standing over her . 
 but that was up to her , was n't it ? 
 that was up to how seriously she had heeded my advice in the book . 
 yes , i had seen nightmare once before . 
 years ago , and it had scared the hell out of me . 
 that 's when he had escaped me . 
 but not this time , dammit . 
 i wondered with some fear if the massive entity could see me in return . 
 possibly . 
 but so far he gave no indication , so intent was he on tormenting susan . 
 then again , what could he do to me ? 
 kill me more ? 
 i was already as dead as i would ever be . 
 i did n't know why , but nightmare was visibly shaking . 
 perhaps with anticipation . 
 i did n't know . 
 i did n't know what drove him to do what he did , or it did , since it appeared sexless . 
 looking back at susan , i saw that she was the picture of sleep . 
 i hoped so . 
 i hoped she could pull this off ... and i would certainly help in any way i could . 
 i went back to staring at the entity that had haunted me most of my adult life , that had stolen so much from me . 
 the entity that had destroyed my marriage and made my existence a living nightmare . 
 the entity that even now kept me earthbound , unable to move on . 
 unwilling to move on . 
 fascinated , i watched as he approached her bed warily . 
 a hideous , foul creature , yes , but he was also extremely cautious . 
 did he sense a trap ? 
 the instructions in my book were clear . 
 one problem : i had been unable to follow them . 
 i had faltered at the last possible moment , and nightmare had escaped me . 
 so how did i know how to destroy him ? 
 i did n't , not precisely , but i had some very good ideas . 
 some of which were based on my research . 
 you see , nightmare has been here for a long , long time . 
 i was n't his first victim , and susan would n't be his last ... unless we destroyed him now and forever . 
 i had written about my mistake . 
 would susan heed my warning ? 
 i did n't know , but i watched as nightmare lowered his horse head towards her , simultaneously reaching out with impossibly long fingers with jagged , filthy , blackened nails . 
 now inches from her forehead , his twisted fingers waved in the air as if he were playing a ghostly piano . 
 but no . 
 not quite . 
 he was doing something else entirely . 
 sweet jesus , what was coming out of her ? 
 it looked like red tendrils . 
 glowing red tendrils . 
 ethereal , wispy fibers . 
 he looked like a demonic spinster spinning wool into yarn . 
 when he had gathered enough of the glowing material , he opened his ghastly maw and shoved it inside . 
 i had a brief , flashing childhood memory of the cookie monster . 
 unbelievable . 
 he was eating her pleasant dreams ! 
 i was terrified for her . 
 he seemed about to reach for her again , but paused . 
 from my position behind him , i could just catch a glimpse of his elongated face . 
 he cocked his head slightly as if listening for something . 
 i would have held my breath if i had breath to hold . 
 nightmare seemed satisfied and lowered his long face down towards hers again , and as he did so , susan 's hand lashed out and grabbed the bastard by the throat . 
 * * * susan smith lay alone and utterly terrified . 
 she knew with all her heart that the book was right , and that the thing coming for her was evil . 
 if only she could just run ... but she had before , had n't she ? 
 and it did n't work . 
 the nightmares had followed wherever she went . 
 the nightmares and everything that went with it : the lack of sleep , the lack of energy . 
 all of which cut into her personal and professional life . 
 the book had been a godsend . 
 she had searched everywhere for relief from the nightmares , from hypnotherapy to aromatherapy to prescription drugs to changing her diet to one that was devoid of spices . 
 nothing had worked . 
 and then just today , after googling the subject and perusing page after page of quackery , she came upon a los angeles county library book about nightmares and how to beat them . 
 the book sounded promising , and she had dashed off to the main branch . 
 with library card in hand , she had located the book , read through it with growing excitement , as the hair on her arms and neck stood on end , and promptly checked it out . 
 admittedly , the book had been disappointingly slender , just a few ounces in her lovely , feminine hand . 
 but she quickly got over her dismay ; indeed , the author had summarized his own experiences-experiences that had precisely mirrored her own . 
 sweet jesus , he had gone through exactly what she was going through ! 
 and , most important , he had beat it . 
 yes , it . 
 for the author , one james randall , now apparently deceased , claimed that this was n't an emotional enemy . 
 no , sleepers were facing an actual enemy . 
 a demonic enemy . 
 something alive . 
 something that fed on humanity like a damned vampire . 
 a vampire of pleasant dreams who stole them away and left in their place , nightmares of unspeakable terror that would torment the sleeper every time they hit the rem stage of sleep . 
 it 's not my imagination , she had kept telling herself as she read . 
 it 's real . 
 i knew it was real . 
 the nightmares that had plagued her for most of her adult life had , in fact , seemed like a personal assault . 
 except that she could never get anyone to believe her . 
 yes , she had thought she was going insane . 
 that is , until today . 
 until this book . 
 mercifully , blessedly , the author not only described how to beat the creature ... but to destroy it once and for all . 
 she thought about that now as she sat back in bed and closed her eyes . 
 as she did so , the familiar dread overcame her . 
 dread to close her eyes . 
 dread to let her mind go . 
 dread to let sleep overtake her . 
 because that 's when the nightmares came . 
 that 's when the demon came . 
 a real demon - the vampire of normal , pleasant dreams . 
 normal dreams were the sanity clause of humans , when the anxiety of the day would dissipate and truly , tomorrow would be a better day . 
 if not for a visit from nightmare , who was relentless and gave no relief from the stress of daily life but added his own terror to torment and enslave his victims during their most vulnerable state . 
 rem-stage sleep . 
 night after night . 
 susan shuddered . 
 there 's hope , she thought desperately . 
 there 's hope . 
 and that 's all she could ask for . 
 the fucking thing had taken so much from her . 
 it had destroyed any hope for a relationship . 
 any hope for normalcy . 
 often , she wondered what it would be like to dream peacefully . 
 to actually awaken refreshed and full of life and hope for the new day . 
 she had no idea . 
 or , rather , she could n't remember . 
 why had it chosen her ? 
 she had no idea . 
 the author claimed the entity was a psychic vampire . 
 a living creature that preyed on its host . 
 yeah , that felt right . 
 she did feel preyed upon . 
 she did feel used and abused come morning . 
 and the more she read the book , the more pissed-off she became . 
 this fucking devil had ruined her life . 
 no more , she decided . 
 never again . 
 she would follow james randall 's steps to the t. even more so , she was determined to once and for all destroy the wicked thing . 
 granted , the destroying part she was n't so sure about . 
 the destroying part turned her bowels to water . 
 but she would try , dammit . 
 she would try . 
 the book had been clear : she had to feign sleep . 
 and there was only one way to feign sleep . 
 to enter into a deep meditation . 
 a trance . 
 the author , god bless his soul , had also detailed how to do this . 
 and so she had memorized the steps as best as she could , going through them one after another , and felt herself entering a deep meditation , a trance unlike anything she had ever experienced . 
 and this is where she found herself , hovering somewhere between sleep and wakefulness-when she felt a cold chill that made her skin tighten in self-defense . 
 nightmare was near . 
 the chill was followed by a faint but pungent smell . 
 she had never noticed the smell before , but now that she was mostly awake , she was aware of it . 
 it was all she could do to remain calm , to remain in a deeply meditative state , so she did her best to ignore the rotten-meat smell of nightmare . 
 bile rose in the back of her throat . 
 her hands rested at her sides . 
 she breathed easily through her nose . 
 her hair was still wet from the shower . 
 she had delayed this confrontation as long as possible by wasting time in her apartment , first by taking out the trash at eleven p.m. , and then by taking a midnight shower . 
 finally , after applying far too much lotion to her body , she tossed aside the nearly-empty tube and told herself that enough was enough . 
 it was time to face down a monster . 
 she wished she could have had someone by her side right about now . 
 anyone . 
 a boyfriend or a husband would have been nice . 
 she had neither . 
 a friend would have done the trick , too , but she could not bring herself to ask if they 'd stay the night with her . 
 she was both ashamed and terrified . 
 in the end , she realized this was a very private affair . 
 she had found the book today , and she would finish it tonight . 
 alone . 
 at the back of her mind , exactly where randall said the feeling would be , something touched her softly , almost hesitantly . 
 it was the place , according to randall , where nightmare penetrates into your private dreams , enters them like a thief in the night . 
 he 's here , she thought . 
 * * * she felt a caressing in her mind-a disturbing feeling really , like someone running a spider web over her exposed brain , sticky , delicate , and clinging . 
 she fought the urge to shudder in revulsion . 
 he 's going to know you 're not dreaming ! 
 panic surged through her . 
 the coolness in her brain-his probing , according to the book-stopped . 
 and then the coolness was slipping across her forehead-actually just underneath it . 
 he 's running ! 
 christ ! 
 she lashed out with her right hand , striking like a cobra , striking where randall told her to strike , just above her face . 
 her fingers sank into damp muck . 
 she dug in her nails with a fierceness that surprised even her . 
 * * * nightmare 's screeching reached only my ears . 
 he threw back his horse head and emitted a truly horrible sound . 
 it went from a high-pitched , jaw-rattler to a low , warbling moan . 
 hang on , girl ! 
 i thought . 
 i only wished i could help her . 
 but how ? 
 nightmare grabbed at her hand to no avail . 
 his ethereal form mostly swept through her . 
 i say mostly because his passing hands-or claws-left behind a gunky , slimy residue on her skin . 
 nevertheless , she persisted in gripping tightly , gritting her teeth , her veins popping up on her forearms from her years as a data entry typist . 
 and then he stopped screeching-and stopped struggling , too . 
 he 's going to do it , i thought . 
 this is it . 
 you see , there 's a reason why i had n't held on all those years ago . 
 there 's a reason why nightmare had escaped my clutches , and why i had failed to once and for all destroy him . 
 years ago , as i had been in this very same position , holding the vile creature , he had fully revealed himself to me . 
 the sight of the demon standing before me had been so unexpected , so unnerving , that i had shrieked and very nearly had a heart attack and had ... let go . 
 that was my mistake . 
 and it was weeks before sleep would find me again . 
 mercifully , nightmare was gone from my life . 
 but i knew the bastard was out there . 
 somewhere . 
 and here he was now , spreading his poison to this sweet young lady . 
 this desperate young lady . 
 and there she was , holding on like a trooper . 
 my directions were clear : keep your damned eyes shut . 
 and she did . 
 by god , she kept them shut as tight as she could , and now nightmare 's ethereal form was something more than ethereal . 
 he was physical . 
 as physical as he could be . 
 hell , he even cast a shadow over her bed . 
 but she kept her eyes closed as my book had instructed ... god bless her . 
 nightmare , infuriated , screeched loudly ... but still susan kept the bastard at bay , holding him fast . 
 and before my very eyes , i watched as the entity continued shrieking even as he shriveled into something small and ugly , until it finally disappeared altogether . 
 even the slime that had covered her arm was gone . 
 minutes later , susan , who had been whimpering softly , dropped her empty hand and covered her eyes , still afraid to open them after she had destroyed such a formidable enemy . 
 * * * i hung around for a few more days , and by god , the demon known as nightmare did n't return . 
 whether or not he had somehow survived to haunt another 's dreams , i did n't know , but this time it felt final . 
 this time , he felt gone . 
 forever gone . 
 an acceptance spread through my consciousness . 
 my work here was done . 
 truth be known , my work was done long ago , the instant that bus decided to use me as a crash test dummy . 
 as such , i had , of course , failed miserably . 
 i 've seen things in the spirit worlds that i want to forget . 
 other demons . 
 darker entities . 
 creatures so foul that even i would look away . 
 but nothing as foul as nightmare . 
 where had he gone ? 
 i did n't know , but all it took was for one brave and desperate young woman to face down her own nightmare . 
 a nightmare in every sense of the word . 
 susan was sleeping peacefully on her side , a smile on her face . 
 sweet dreams , i thought . 
 i realized i had nowhere to go . 
 my purpose in life-and death-had been fulfilled . 
 i had no reason to go back to my familiar haunts . 
 and with that thought , golden hands reached out to me for a fourth and final time . 
 this time , i took their hands . 
 this time , i allowed them to lead me away . 
 the end ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ soul train judd ramses lay in bed with his hands behind his head , staring up at the ceiling and listening to the coming train . 
 yesterday , after crossing the train tracks , judd watched the odometer in his mother 's acura , watched it until they pulled into their driveway . 
 it was exactly 2.2 miles from their house to the train tracks . 
 and still he could hear the train rumbling along the tracks . 
 between his house and the train tracks there was a main boulevard , two smaller roads and even a small commuter airport . 
 and still he could hear the train roaring down the tracks . 
 the train 's whistle pierced the air , hooting . 
 in the big-screen , surround-sound television of his mind , he could see train cars rushing past him , each with a faded santa fe logo splashed on their broad sides . 
 judd saw himself standing next to the tracks as this monster of a train roared past him , dirt , gravel , exhaust and trash washing over him . 
 he saw himself grinding the palms of his hands into his ears , trying in vain to thwart the deafening roar against his eardrums . 
 if the train 's this loud to me , he reasoned , bewildered yet again , how loud was it to those people who actually lived closer to the train tracks ? 
 the night was hot and humid , making sleep nearly impossible . 
 well , that and the damn train . 
 judd lay spread-eagled in his fruit of the looms . 
 the fan on his desk chugged away , doing its best to disperse the sticky air . 
 maybe , he thought now , maybe i can hear it so clearly because night-time is always quieter than day-time . 
 the whistle had come and gone , and the train 's rumbling was only a memory now . 
 a troublesome memory . 
 goodness , he thought , i ca n't be the only one who thinks this is insane . 
 i ca n't be the only one who hears this thing louder than the freeway that 's not even a block away . 
 he rolled to his side and finally went to sleep . 
 and in his dreams he dreamed of a train plowing through his backyard , knocking over fences and exploding through homes . 
 a train that seemed alive ... and hungry . 
 a train that was coming for him . 
 * * * her routine had been disrupted by judd 's persistent questions . 
 that was a no-no in the ramses household . 
 his mother had her mornings planned down to the minute . 
 between the hours of six and seven-thirty he could have told you the exact spot his mother would have been standing . 
 more efficient than clockwork , she now stood glaring down . 
 `` it 's just that i hear it every night , mom . 
 as loud as can be . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you once more , and only once more . 
 what you hear is not a train but the freeway . 
 and as far as i know , those tracks were abandoned years ago . '' 
 `` but i hear it all the time , ever since we moved here . 
 i hear the whistle , too . '' 
 she sighed and straightened a framed photo on the wall , of her dead husband in his uniform-desert camos . 
 she ran a finger down the cheek on the photo and then walked to her son and did the same . 
 `` i 'm getting to look more like him , the older i get , are n't i ? '' 
 judd suddenly asked . 
 his mom looked at him quizzically , then kissed him goodbye on the forehead . 
 `` do i , mom ? '' 
 he persisted . 
 `` look like him ? '' 
 at the door with briefcase in hand , she said simply , `` make sure you load the washer . '' 
 and then she nodded . 
 `` yeah , you do . 
 a lot . '' 
 and then she turned and left . 
 * * * judd listened to leno poking fun at a female guest . 
 she said something back , apparently equally as funny , and the crowd laughed . 
 judd was staring at the ceiling again , listening to his mother 's tv from across the hallway . 
 he was fully dressed in jeans , a light tee shirt and sneakers . 
 in his school backpack hidden under his covers was a flashlight , a sandwich and a digital camera . 
 fifteen minutes later , he heard his mother click off her bedroom tv and in the silence , heard the tink of her lamp switch being turned off . 
 ten minutes after that , he heard her snoring lightly . 
 he slipped out of bed quietly , slung his backpack over his shoulders , and stepped out into the dark hallway . 
 he paused , listening , verified that his mother was still sleeping , and headed downstairs . 
 his mountain bike was waiting for him at the side of his house . 
 he hopped on it , opened the latch to the side of the house , and was soon pedaling down his quiet street in the dead of night . 
 a clean escape , he thought , grinning into the wind . 
 mom will never know , and i will prove to her once and for all that there 's a train . 
 with a big , goofy grin on his face , he sped quickly away from his house . 
 a moment later he made a right onto dale street , the street that would eventually take him straight to the train tracks . 
 shortly , he came to the intersection of valencia avenue , which was a four-way stop . 
 he passed some warehouses and the famous sticker factory-heaven on earth as far as students from his school were concerned , where reams and reams of stickers were discarded , stickers that eventually found their way onto almost anything in the city of fullerton . 
 he soon came to commonwealth avenue . 
 the light was red . 
 he pressed the crosswalk button and when the enthusiastic-looking walking figure appeared , he crossed the street-and found himself across from fullerton airport , with its rows and rows of christmas tree lights paralleling the runways . 
 here , dale street curved and judd found himself at artesia boulevard . 
 the traffic light here was also red , and judd waited patiently . 
 he thought about the train . 
 he wondered if he would see it tonight . 
 he also thought about the sandwich . 
 after crossing the boulevard , he came to an industrial park . 
 behind high chain-linked fences with strips of white plastic weaved through them , loomed the massive heads of heavy machinery that always reminded judd of dinosaurs . 
 a true jurassic park . 
 at least , in his imagination . 
 he sped by the industrial park , giving the heavy machinery only a cursory glance , all too aware that they seemed to be staring back at him . 
 just before him , perhaps twenty feet away , were two lamp posts on either side of the road . 
 a welcomed sight . 
 behind the lights was a hundred or so acres of pitch-black farmland . 
 somewhere to the right , just off the road , was a rickety old fruit stand whose sign read simply : fresh strawberries . 
 before the fruit stand , however , were the train tracks , where the tracks ran between the industrial park and the farmland . 
 he stopped his bike in the bright pool of light where dale street crossed the tracks . 
 the red-and-white striped arms that rose up into the night-arms that , when parallel , held back traffic-were actually not very red and white at all . 
 in fact , they looked as if they 'd been through a thousand sandstorms . 
 it was just after midnight , according to his cell phone . 
 the train always came after twelve , but never at the same time . 
 sometimes it came around three in the morning , waking him with a start . 
 he pulled his bike off the narrow single lane of dale street and headed down a dirt embankment . 
 the half moon above glowed brightly , and judd was able to see clearly enough . 
 this is damned stupid , he thought , looking nervously into the vast farmland around him . 
 he had forgotten about his sandwich . 
 no matter what anyone says , a train comes through here . 
 i hear the darn thing every single night . 
 actually , he told himself , getting off his bike and leaning it into a bush where he hoped it was hidden well enough from the street , what 's really stupid is coming here alone . 
 yet , he really did n't know anyone well enough to ask them to come out with him to the train tracks at night . 
 he had n't done very well in the friend-making department and anyone he called a friend would have given him too much crap . 
 why do you need someone with you , anyway ? 
 he asked himself as he stepped away from his bike . 
 you scared ? 
 you scared of being alone at night only ten minutes from home ? 
 actually , yes . 
 he was almost as tall as the tallest scrub tree that crowded near the tracks , and what possessed him to walk into this mini-forest he did n't know . 
 he did so now , and his perception of his surroundings suddenly changed : he no longer felt as if he was in the suburbia of orange county , but in an actual countryside with woods that could have gone on for miles . 
 although he could n't have told you exactly why he entered the dark shielding of the trees , he was pleased that he had conquered some of his fear . 
 granted , he had n't gotten very far into the copse of stunted trees , but he was till feeling fairly pleased with himself . 
 by god , he was going to get to the bottom of things . 
 the trees crowded near the tracks , and soon he came upon a small clearing . 
 he spied a large rock and had just decided to sit there when a thought scooted across his thoughts just long enough to register : he was in a dark , hidden place where different rules applied-rules that did n't give a damn if you were only ten minutes from home . 
 at that troubling thought , judd looked around nervously . 
 he shivered even though the night was quite warm . 
 to take his mind off the fear that was threatening to overwhelm him , he shrugged out of his backpack and found his sandwich . 
 he also grabbed his flashlight and held it in his lap . 
 just having the flashlight nearby made him feel better . 
 he opened the baggie and was soon eating , voraciously . 
 he was nearly done with the pbandj when he heard a sound behind him . 
 he gasped , snapped his head around quickly , fumbling for his flashlight . 
 he clicked it on , but no one was there . 
 no doubt a mouse , or a rat . 
 to his dismay , his mostly masticated sandwich had slid off his lap and now lay in the dirt . 
 damn . 
 it was suddenly very cold . 
 how did it get so cold ? 
 as he rubbed his arms and looked down at the sad remains of his sandwich , judd was suddenly certain that he had made a very bad mistake . 
 no , he nearly shouted . 
 not a mistake . 
 i hear that damn train . 
 i hear it every night . 
 i need to know if it 's real . 
 i need to know why i hear it so clearly . 
 why me , and no one else ? 
 so , he wrapped his arms around his body and waited , and realized all over again that a friend would have been welcomed just about now . 
 the tracks were just out of sight from where he sat in the clearing . 
 he looked at his watch : twelve-twenty . 
 he thought about his bike and hoped it would n't be too hard to find . 
 he yawned mightily and rubbed his eyes . 
 when he was done rubbing his eyes , he saw someone standing at the edge of the clearing . 
 judd squeaked . 
 it was a man . 
 a bum , actually . 
 judd squeaked again . 
 the man took a step forward and judd nearly wet himself . 
 the man said , `` you here for the train , boy ? '' 
 judd could n't speak . 
 `` answer me , boy . '' 
 `` yes , '' he finally said , although it sounded too high-pitched to be his own voice . 
 the man nodded and stepped forward again . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 judd bit down on his lips , stopping himself from saying his name , and wondered if that was a good idea anyway . 
 it 's just your name , a voice inside his head said . 
 how much harm could he do with your name ? 
 `` judd , '' he finally said . 
 `` nice to meet you , judd . 
 i 'm reggie . '' 
 they both stared at each other some more . 
 judd was suddenly certain that something very , very bad was going to happen to him . 
 reggie stepped closer , his face still hidden mostly in shadows . 
 judd shifted his weight . 
 he was ready to sprint in a heartbeat . 
 `` okay , judd , '' said reggie , his voice sounding old and gravelly . 
 `` let me guess : you 've been hearing a train at night . 
 am i right ? '' 
 judd could n't speak again . 
 indeed , he was having a hard time processing what he 'd just heard . 
 reggie stepped forward and spoke again : `` and only at night , too ? '' 
 judd still could n't speak , and so he nodded . 
 he did n't know if the man in shadows could see him nod or not , but he did n't care . 
 reggie continued , `` and , further , you 're also the only one who can hear this train ? '' 
 more nodding . 
 leaves crunched as reggie drew closer still . 
 `` and not only do you hear it , but it sounds like it 's going to blast straight through your brain ? '' 
 nod , nod . 
 the man stopped just before him . 
 `` you 're not the only one , judd , nor will you be the last , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` then you hear it , too ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm afraid i ca n't hear it , but others have . 
 come on . 
 let 's get into the light so we can at least see each other . '' 
 the old bum stepped past judd and led the way through the trees . 
 judd did n't move . 
 not at first . 
 his bike , he knew , was n't far off . 
 and reggie seemed really old . 
 if worse came to worst , judd would run for it , grab his bike , and high-tail it home . 
 for now , keeping some space between them , judd followed the old man through the scrub trees . 
 shortly , the trees thinned and judd found himself near the train tracks , which glowed dully in the moonlight . 
 what 's happening ? 
 he asked himself . 
 what 's going on ? 
 reggie was heading toward an old , rundown building off to the side of the tracks . 
 a light hung from the door . 
 judd stopped . 
 there was no way he was going into that building . 
 no way . 
 heck , that was the spookiest place he 'd ever seen . 
 reggie must have sensed something was wrong because he turned and looked back at the boy . 
 `` it 's the old train depot . 
 this is where i spend most of my time , believe it or not . '' 
 judd believed it . 
 a creepy old man hanging out in a creepy old building made sense to him . 
 he still was n't going to go in . 
 `` c'mon , judd . 
 this is where everyone waits for the train . 
 you might as well wait for it here , too . '' 
 that got him moving . 
 everyone ? 
 how many had come looking for the train ? 
 he did n't know , but he soon found himself moving again , trailing behind the old , stooped man . 
 the train station seemed to be in a world of its own . 
 from what judd had gathered about upscale orange county , it was n't a place that let old buildings like this exist for very long . 
 old buildings like this got destroyed in the name of progress . 
 `` the way i figure it , '' said reggie , stepping onto the wooden platform that surrounded the wooden building , `` is that folks in these parts pretty much forgot about depot 77-that 's its name . 
 it 's far enough off any road not to be an eyesore , and i can verify no funny business is going on here , certainly nothing that would attract the cops . 
 it 's all but forgotten , which is the way i like it . '' 
 judd stepped onto the wooden walkway as well , which creaked loudly under his sneakers . 
 reggie went on , `` the windows are all busted out and most of the furniture 's gone , but it was never really much to start with . 
 still , it 's home to me , and in case yer wonderin ' , no , these tracks have n't been used since i moved in , seven years ago . '' 
 resting underneath the hanging lantern was a long wooden bench . 
 reggie motioned to it . 
 `` have a seat , kid . 
 and do n't look so nervous , i ai n't gon na hurt you . '' 
 famous last words , judd thought , but he sat anyway . 
 he suddenly felt very , very far from his home . 
 far from his bed . 
 far from his mother . 
 it all might have been a world away . 
 reggie sat , too , at the far end of the bench . 
 there was plenty of space between them . 
 reggie , no doubt a devout member of the holy order of the homeless in fullerton , found a crooked cigarette in his huge army jacket and lit it . 
 `` you fight in iraq ? '' 
 judd asked before he could stop and think . 
 reggie exhaled a billowy plume . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` my dad did , too . '' 
 reggie squinted , although his eyes were mostly hidden in shadows . 
 `` he did n't make it home , did he , kid ? '' 
 judd shook his head . 
 `` a lot of good folk did n't . '' 
 `` well , i never got to meet him . 
 we do n't even have home videos of him , just photos . 
 and my dad 's dog tags . 
 they found 'em near a bombed-out building and sent them to my mom . 
 she had them silver-plated-cause i am allergic to most other metals-and she gave them to me at the mia memorial service . 
 she kept the flag . 
 it 's in our living room in a triangle box with glass in the front . '' 
 `` silver , huh ? '' 
 reggie said , cringing . 
 `` i do n't like me no silver . '' 
 `` i was n't offering them . '' 
 judd clasped the dog tags through his shirt , jingling the matching silver ball chains , his talismans . 
 `` magic , are n't they ? '' 
 reggie said , not unkindly . 
 `` you keep him alive in your memory by wearing the dog tags , '' reggie said . 
 `` but silver . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` do you have anything to eat ? '' 
 judd asked , deciding to change the subject . 
 `` i accidentally dropped my sandwich in the dirt . '' 
 reggie laughed , his blackened teeth letting loose a stench that took judd aback . 
 `` no , i find my own food when i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` like hunting ? '' 
 judd asked . 
 `` something like that . 
 i do n't really eat . 
 it 's more like ... drinking . '' 
 judd 's eyebrows went up . 
 `` like beer and stuff ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 reggie do n't drink beer no more . 
 more like ... blood . '' 
 judd 's heart nearly stopped . 
 he fell silent , thinking hard . 
 the crickets were n't , though . 
 they were loud near the old train station , filling the silence . 
 judd thought he heard the sound of frogs , too . 
 there must be a pond nearby . 
 a slow realization took over judd . 
 he put his fingers over his dad 's dog tags , squeezed them hard . 
 `` like people 's blood ? '' 
 he asked and drew the silver dog tags from inside of his shirt and held them up to reggie , who shrank from them . 
 `` no , small animals . 
 rats , rabbits , even . 
 i certainly would n't drink the blood of children . 
 i got my standards . 
 and i would n't wish this existence on anyone . 
 especially not the son of a fellow soldier who died in iraq . 
 that 's just too much pathos . '' 
 `` what 's pathos ? '' 
 judd asked . 
 `` tragedy . '' 
 judd nodded and returned the silver-plated dog tags inside of his shirt . 
 `` when the train comes , will you help me ? '' 
 judd asked . 
 `` do n't do it , kid , '' reggie said suddenly . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 he became aware of his heart beating hard in his chest for the first time in his life . 
 the old man shook his head , and the long gray whiskers of his beard fluttered about . 
 `` do n't get on the train . '' 
 shadows moved in the dark spaces between the old planks that made up the floor . 
 or at least , judd thought they had . 
 if reggie would have said a monster lived down there , judd would have believed him . 
 he looked away to veil his eyes . 
 `` why would i get on the train ? '' 
 `` because they all do . '' 
 that was the craziest thing judd had ever heard , and panic ripped through him . 
 judd wilted back down on the bench ; the wooden floor creaked and the monster stirred below . 
 `` i 'm not the only one who hears this thing . 
 i ca n't be . 
 there 's a hundred houses between here and mine . 
 how can i be the only one ? '' 
 `` you 're not , boy . 
 there have been others , and there will be others after you , like i said . '' 
 `` my mom just does n't pay attention to things , you know . 
 i 'm sure she 's hears it , too . '' 
 `` do n't kid yourself , kid . 
 i just ask you not to step foot on that train . '' 
 judd turned on him . 
 `` why ? 
 why in god 's name would i get on this train ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you , boy . 
 i wish i could . 
 all i know is that the folks who come here claim to have been hearing a train just like yourself . 
 `` and then just as i 'm talking to them , as sure as i 'm talking to you now , they tell me they hear it , and of course , i never do . 
 from what i gather , it 's an old locomotive they see . 
 they ask if i can see it , too , and i always says no , no i ca n't . 
 i wait by their side as this train supposedly comes to a stop . 
 then they just sort of reach out as if someone is holding a hand out to them ... and then ... '' `` and then what ? '' 
 judd asked desperately . 
 reggie shook his head . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm just a crazy old man , remember ? '' 
 `` you 're a crazy old something but you are n't a man , '' judd said . 
 `` at least , i do n't think you are . '' 
 `` what do you think i am , boy ? '' 
 `` i think you 're a vampire . 
 or , at least , you think you are . '' 
 the old man chuckled and then , as if to prove the point , suddenly reached down through a gap in the floorboards , grabbed hold of something that squeaked in surprise , and hauled his hand out . 
 only his hand was n't empty . 
 a little field mouse squirmed in it . 
 without missing a beat , he bit down on the creature 's back and promptly sucked it dry . 
 he cast the lifeless body aside . 
 judd shuddered . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was really hungry . '' 
 reggie shrugged , wiping his mouth on his sleeve . 
 judd felt sick . 
 he knew he should run . 
 this whole night was turning into all sorts of crazy fast . 
 he had decided it was time to go home , when he heard something in the far distance . 
 something that made his heart flutter . 
 a train 's whistle . 
 `` you hear something , boy ? '' 
 asked reggie , looking at him sharply . 
 `` the train , i think . 
 actually , i 'm sure of it . 
 it 's coming . '' 
 reggie nodded and sat forward . 
 `` leave , boy . 
 leave and never look back . '' 
 the whistle came again . 
 judd jumped . 
 he looked down the train tracks , which glowed faintly in the moonlight . 
 `` no one 's ever been as young as you before . 
 this ai n't right . 
 you 're only a kid . '' 
 judd looked at the old man curiously , then got up and moved across the creaking platform . 
 the monster beneath shifted , and judd thought he could just make out its shadowy shape . 
 he stepped off the wooden platform and gravel crunched beneath his sneakers again as he made his way over to the tracks . 
 cold wind flapped his tee shirt . 
 he heard the crunching of gravel behind him . 
 `` they tell me it 's an incredible sight to see , this train , '' said reggie . 
 `` one man said it looked like a building coming at you . 
 another said it looked like a great shadow . '' 
 in the far distance , seemingly suspended in mid-air , a bright light appeared in the center of tracks . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' judd said . 
 `` you should be , kid . '' 
 the whistle came again and with it the hair on judd 's arms stood on end . 
 he was shivering nearly uncontrollably . 
 `` i should have brought my ma , '' he said . 
 `` i could 've proved to her that i 'm not hearing things . 
 see , here it comes now , as plain as day . 
 and you 're right , reggie . 
 it 's huge . 
 it 's loud . 
 it 's real . '' 
 a heavy hand fell on his shoulder , and suddenly he felt himself being spun around as if he were playing a game of pin the tail on the donkey . 
 reggie 's wrinkled and filthy face was just inches from his own . 
 his breath smelled putrid , of mouse blood and bits of mouse fur . 
 `` listen to me , kid . 
 you have to leave . 
 leave and never look back . 
 look at me , dammit ! '' 
 indeed , judd was straining to see the coming train , which now looked like a slow-moving , hulking megalith . 
 `` it 's here , reggie . '' 
 judd pushed the old man 's hands away . 
 `` it 's okay , reggie . 
 it 's meant to be . '' 
 but reggie did n't let go ; instead , the old man raised his voice , shouting , `` who the hell are you people ? 
 what the hell do you want with him ? 
 leave him be , goddammit ! '' 
 `` it 's okay , reggie . 
 he 's waiting for me . 
 i know he is . '' 
 `` no , judd . 
 please go home . 
 go far away from here . 
 please . '' 
 judd smiled serenely . 
 he had never felt so at peace in his life . 
 why had he been so worried before ? 
 `` it 's okay , reggie . 
 i promise . '' 
 and with that , the boy slipped completely out of the old man 's grasp . 
 reggie dropped to his knees in defeat . 
 `` no , judd . 
 this ai n't right . 
 do n't go on the train . '' 
 judd , however , never looked back . 
 instead , he reached out for the shadowy hand that was reaching down for his , and took it . 
 judd ran alongside the slowing train , faster than he had ever run in his whole short life , the silver dog tags jingling inside his shirt like so much heart music . 
 he looked up into the eyes that looked so much like his own , the cheek that looked like his , the chin that looked like his , even the crooked cleft . 
 he held on for dear life to the desert camouflage-jacketed arm . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 judd screamed . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 `` do n't get on the train with him ! '' 
 reggie screamed and was suddenly at judd 's side , trying to pull judd 's arm away from his father 's . 
 `` you get on that train and you ai n't never coming back , kid . '' 
 but judd was n't listening . 
 `` do you see it , reggie ? 
 do you see it ? '' 
 the old vampire was keeping pace with him , looking both distraught and oddly curious . 
 he was shaking his great head . 
 `` no , dammit . 
 now get back here , kid . 
 let go of whatever it is you 're holding . '' 
 `` dad ? '' 
 asked judd , still running to keep up . 
 `` dad , is it really you ? '' 
 `` it ai n't your dad , kid . 
 it 's death . 
 and it 's come for you . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's my pops . '' 
 still holding the camouflaged hand , the old man next to him did something unexpected and terrifying . 
 he grabbed judd 's arm . 
 grabbed it hard and pulled . 
 he also did something else , he reached forward , grabbing what judd was holding ... his father 's hand . 
 `` show yourself , goddammit ! '' 
 yelled reggie . 
 and with a final heave , judd found himself rolling , tumbling head over ass over the gravel . 
 next to him , reggie thudded as well . 
 and next to reggie ... was someone else . 
 judd did n't even realize how loud he was screaming until the train screeched to a halt and the man in the camo jacket wrapped his big arms around him and wept as if his heart was breaking . 
 only it was being unshattered , moment by moment . 
 * * * reggie stood and dusted himself off . 
 he was quite certain that someone , or something , had appeared out of nowhere . 
 he had just spotted the full-grown man in desert fatigues lying on the ground when he spotted something else . 
 something that no one could miss . 
 rising above , spewing steam high into the air , as big as iron mountain , was an old-time locomotive . 
 reggie had lived a long , long time , and there was n't much that surprised him these days . 
 which is why his jaw dropped , which is why he gazed in wonder . 
 `` son-of-a-bitch . '' 
 * * * `` it 's you , judd . 
 my boy ! '' 
 the man cried joyfully , then looked around as if realizing where he was for the first time . 
 `` but i do n't know who i am , or where i am . '' 
 he looked back at judd , and his confused frown turned into a smile . 
 `` but i know who you are , dammit . 
 i have your baby picture ... and nothing else to my name . '' 
 `` dad , '' said judd , crawling forward , ignoring the many cuts and nicks from his tumble over the gravel . 
 `` i know who you are . 
 and mom knows who you are , too . '' 
 `` where do i live ? '' 
 the man said . 
 `` with us , dad . 
 with us . '' 
 he did n't let go of the man 's hand . 
 he thought his heart would burst with faith , with love , with joy . 
 a conductor with glowing eyes came to the open vestibule of the shimmering train , looked at them and said authoritatively , `` at every stop , there must be one boarding passenger . 
 one of you must board . 
 all aboard ! '' 
 he called out . 
 `` no ! '' 
 judd shouted . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he looked anxiously at his father who gave him a sad smile . 
 * * * reggie did n't know why he could suddenly see the steaming locomotive , but he knew what he had to do . 
 he 'd lived long enough in this godforsaken shack . 
 he 'd lived long enough on mice and rats and other filthy critters . 
 but he knew what was right and what was wrong . 
 the man with his boy was right . 
 the boy hugging his pops and weeping into his shoulders was right . 
 `` all aboard ! '' 
 reggie stepped forward and raised his hand in a silent salute . 
 the soldier on the ground saluted him back . 
 reggie nodded once at the boy , and stepped on board the night train . 
 the end ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ dracula 's guest by bram stoker when we started for our drive the sun was shining brightly on munich , and the air was full of the joyousness of early summer . 
 just as we were about to depart , herr delbruck -lrb- the maitre d'hotel of the quatre saisons , where i was staying -rrb- came down , bareheaded , to the carriage and , after wishing me a pleasant drive , said to the coachman , still holding his hand on the handle of the carriage door : `` remember you are back by nightfall . 
 the sky looks bright but there is a shiver in the north wind that says there may be a sudden storm . 
 but i am sure you will not be late . '' 
 here he smiled , and added , `` for you know what night it is . '' 
 johann answered with an emphatic , `` ja , mein herr , '' and , touching his hat , drove off quickly . 
 when we had cleared the town , i said , after signaling to him to stop : `` tell me , johann , what is tonight ? '' 
 he crossed himself , as he answered laconically : `` walpurgis nacht . '' 
 then he took out his watch , a great , old-fashioned german silver thing as big as a turnip , and looked at it , with his eyebrows gathered together and a little impatient shrug of his shoulders . 
 i realized that this was his way of respectfully protesting against the unnecessary delay , and sank back in the carriage , merely motioning him to proceed . 
 he started off rapidly , as if to make up for lost time . 
 every now and then the horses seemed to throw up their heads and sniff the air suspiciously . 
 on such occasions i often looked round in alarm . 
 the road was pretty bleak , for we were traversing a sort of high , wind-swept plateau . 
 as we drove , i saw a road that looked but little used , and which seemed to dip through a little , winding valley . 
 it looked so inviting that , even at the risk of offending him , i called to johann to stop-and when he had pulled up , i told him i would like to drive down that road . 
 he made all sorts of excuses , and frequently crossed himself as he spoke . 
 this somewhat piqued my curiosity , so i asked him various questions . 
 he answered fencingly , and repeatedly looked at his watch in protest . 
 finally i said : `` well , johann , i want to go down this road . 
 i shall not ask you to come unless you like ; but tell me why you do not like to go , that is all i ask . '' 
 for answer he seemed to throw himself off the box , so quickly did he reach the ground . 
 then he stretched out his hands appealingly to me , and implored me not to go . 
 there was just enough of english mixed with the german for me to understand the drift of his talk . 
 he seemed always just about to tell me something-the very idea of which evidently frightened him ; but each time he pulled himself up , saying , as he crossed himself : `` walpurgis nacht ! '' 
 i tried to argue with him , but it was difficult to argue with a man when i did not know his language . 
 the advantage certainly rested with him , for although he began to speak in english , of a very crude and broken kind , he always got excited and broke into his native tongue-and every time he did so , he looked at his watch . 
 then the horses became restless and sniffed the air . 
 at this he grew very pale , and , looking around in a frightened way , he suddenly jumped forward , took them by the bridles and led them on some twenty feet . 
 i followed , and asked why he had done this . 
 for answer he crossed himself , pointed to the spot we had left and drew his carriage in the direction of the other road , indicating a cross , and said , first in german , then in english : `` buried him-him what killed themselves . '' 
 i remembered the old custom of burying suicides at cross-roads : `` ah ! 
 i see , a suicide . 
 how interesting ! '' 
 but for the life of me i could not make out why the horses were frightened . 
 whilst we were talking , we heard a sort of sound between a yelp and a bark . 
 it was far away ; but the horses got very restless , and it took all of johann 's attention to quiet them . 
 he was pale , and said , `` it sounds like a wolf-but yet there are no wolves here now . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 i said , questioning him ; `` is n't it long since the wolves were so near the city ? '' 
 `` long , long , '' he answered , `` in the spring and summer ; but with the snow the wolves have been here not so long . '' 
 whilst he was petting the horses and trying to quiet them , dark clouds drifted rapidly across the sky . 
 the sunshine passed away , and a breath of cold wind seemed to drift past us . 
 it was only a breath , however , and more in the nature of a warning than a fact , for the sun came out brightly again . 
 johann looked under his lifted hand at the horizon and said : `` the storm of snow , he comes before long time . '' 
 then he looked at his watch again , and , straightway holding his reins firmly-for the horses were still pawing the ground restlessly and shaking their heads-he climbed to his box as though the time had come for proceeding on our journey . 
 i felt a little obstinate and did not at once get into the carriage . 
 `` tell me , '' i said , `` about this place where the road leads , '' and i pointed down . 
 again he crossed himself and mumbled a prayer , before he answered , `` it is unholy . '' 
 `` what is unholy ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 `` the village . '' 
 `` then there is a village ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 no one lives there hundreds of years . '' 
 my curiosity was piqued , `` but you said there was a village . '' 
 `` there was . '' 
 `` where is it now ? '' 
 whereupon he burst out into a long story in german and english , so mixed up that i could not quite understand exactly what he said , but roughly i gathered that long ago , hundreds of years , men had died there and been buried in their graves ; and sounds were heard under the clay , and when the graves were opened , men and women were found rosy with life , and their mouths red with blood . 
 and so , in haste to save their lives -lrb- aye , and their souls ! 
 - and here he crossed himself -rrb- those who were left fled away to other places , where the living lived , and the dead were dead and not-not something . 
 he was evidently afraid to speak the last words . 
 as he proceeded with his narration , he grew more and more excited . 
 it seemed as if his imagination had got hold of him , and he ended in a perfect paroxysm of fear-white-faced , perspiring , trembling and looking round him , as if expecting that some dreadful presence would manifest itself there in the bright sunshine on the open plain . 
 finally , in an agony of desperation , he cried : `` walpurgis nacht ! '' 
 and pointed to the carriage for me to get in . 
 all my english blood rose at this , and , standing back , i said : `` you are afraid , johann-you are afraid . 
 go home ; i shall return alone ; the walk will do me good . '' 
 the carriage door was open . 
 i took from the seat my oak walking-stick-which i always carry on my holiday excursions-and closed the door , pointing back to munich , and said , `` go home , johann-walpurgis nacht does n't concern englishmen . '' 
 the horses were now more restive than ever , and johann was trying to hold them in , while excitedly imploring me not to do anything so foolish . 
 i pitied the poor fellow , he was deeply in earnest ; but all the same i could not help laughing . 
 his english was quite gone now . 
 in his anxiety he had forgotten that his only means of making me understand was to talk my language , so he jabbered away in his native german . 
 it began to be a little tedious . 
 after giving the direction , `` home ! '' 
 i turned to go down the cross-road into the valley . 
 with a despairing gesture , johann turned his horses towards munich . 
 i leaned on my stick and looked after him . 
 he went slowly along the road for a while : then there came over the crest of the hill a man tall and thin . 
 i could see so much in the distance . 
 when he drew near the horses , they began to jump and kick about , then to scream with terror . 
 johann could not hold them in ; they bolted down the road , running away madly . 
 i watched them out of sight , then looked for the stranger , but i found that he , too , was gone . 
 with a light heart i turned down the side road through the deepening valley to which johann had objected . 
 there was not the slightest reason , that i could see , for his objection ; and i daresay i tramped for a couple of hours without thinking of time or distance , and certainly without seeing a person or a house . 
 so far as the place was concerned , it was desolation , itself . 
 but i did not notice this particularly till , on turning a bend in the road , i came upon a scattered fringe of wood ; then i recognized that i had been impressed unconsciously by the desolation of the region through which i had passed . 
 i sat down to rest myself , and began to look around . 
 it struck me that it was considerably colder than it had been at the commencement of my walk-a sort of sighing sound seemed to be around me , with , now and then , high overhead , a sort of muffled roar . 
 looking upwards i noticed that thick clouds were drifting rapidly across the sky from north to south at a great height . 
 there were signs of a coming storm in some lofty stratum of the air . 
 i was a little chilly , and , thinking that it was the sitting still after the exercise of walking , i resumed my journey . 
 the ground i passed over was now much more picturesque . 
 there were no striking objects that the eye might single out ; but in all there was a charm of beauty . 
 i took little heed of time and it was only when the deepening twilight forced itself upon me that i began to think of how i should find my way home . 
 the brightness of the day had gone . 
 the air was cold , and the drifting of clouds high overhead was more marked . 
 they were accompanied by a sort of far-away rushing sound , through which seemed to come at intervals that mysterious cry which the driver had said came from a wolf . 
 for a while i hesitated . 
 i had said i would see the deserted village , so on i went , and presently came on a wide stretch of open country , shut in by hills all around . 
 their sides were covered with trees which spread down to the plain , dotting , in clumps , the gentler slopes and hollows which showed here and there . 
 i followed with my eye the winding of the road , and saw that it curved close to one of the densest of these clumps and was lost behind it . 
 as i looked there came a cold shiver in the air , and the snow began to fall . 
 i thought of the miles and miles of bleak country i had passed , and then hurried on to seek the shelter of the wood in front . 
 darker and darker grew the sky , and faster and heavier fell the snow , till the earth before and around me was a glistening white carpet the further edge of which was lost in misty vagueness . 
 the road was here but crude , and when on the level its boundaries were not so marked , as when it passed through the cuttings ; and in a little while i found that i must have strayed from it , for i missed underfoot the hard surface , and my feet sank deeper in the grass and moss . 
 then the wind grew stronger and blew with ever increasing force , till i was fain to run before it . 
 the air became icy-cold , and in spite of my exercise i began to suffer . 
 the snow was now falling so thickly and whirling around me in such rapid eddies that i could hardly keep my eyes open . 
 every now and then the heavens were torn asunder by vivid lightning , and in the flashes i could see ahead of me a great mass of trees , chiefly yew and cypress all heavily coated with snow . 
 i was soon amongst the shelter of the trees , and there , in comparative silence , i could hear the rush of the wind high overhead . 
 presently the blackness of the storm had become merged in the darkness of the night by-and-by the storm seemed to be passing away : it now only came in fierce puffs or blasts . 
 at such moments the weird sound of the wolf appeared to be echoed by many similar sounds around me . 
 now and again , through the black mass of drifting cloud , came a straggling ray of moonlight , which lit up the expanse , and showed me that i was at the edge of a dense mass of cypress and yew trees . 
 as the snow had ceased to fall , i walked out from the shelter and began to investigate more closely . 
 it appeared to me that , amongst so many old foundations as i had passed , there might be still standing a house in which , though in ruins , i could find some sort of shelter for a while . 
 as i skirted the edge of the copse , i found that a low wall encircled it , and following this i presently found an opening . 
 here the cypresses formed an alley leading up to a square mass of some kind of building . 
 just as i caught sight of this , however , the drifting clouds obscured the moon , and i passed up the path in darkness . 
 the wind must have grown colder , for i felt myself shiver as i walked ; but there was hope of shelter , and i groped my way blindly on . 
 i stopped , for there was a sudden stillness . 
 the storm had passed ; and , perhaps in sympathy with nature 's silence , my heart seemed to cease to beat . 
 but this was only momentarily ; for suddenly the moonlight broke through the clouds , showing me that i was in a graveyard , and that the square object before me was a great massive tomb of marble , as white as the snow that lay on and all around it . 
 with the moonlight there came a fierce sigh of the storm , which appeared to resume its course with a long , low howl , as of many dogs or wolves . 
 i was awed and shocked , and felt the cold perceptibly grow upon me till it seemed to grip me by the heart . 
 then while the flood of moonlight still fell on the marble tomb , the storm gave further evidence of renewing , as though it was returning on its track . 
 impelled by some sort of fascination , i approached the sepulchre to see what it was , and why such a thing stood alone in such a place . 
 i walked around it , and read , over the doric door , in german : countess dolingen of gratz in styria sought and found death 1801 on the top of the tomb , seemingly driven through the solid marble-for the structure was composed of a few vast blocks of stone-was a great iron spike or stake . 
 on going to the back i saw , graven in great russian letters : `` the dead travel fast . '' 
 there was something so weird and uncanny about the whole thing that it gave me a turn and made me feel quite faint . 
 i began to wish , for the first time , that i had taken johann 's advice . 
 here a thought struck me , which came under almost mysterious circumstances and with a terrible shock . 
 this was walpurgis night ! 
 walpurgis night , when , according to the belief of millions of people , the devil was abroad-when the graves were opened and the dead came forth and walked . 
 when all evil things of earth and air and water held revel . 
 this very place the driver had specially shunned . 
 this was the depopulated village of centuries ago . 
 this was where the suicide lay ; and this was the place where i was alone-unmanned , shivering with cold in a shroud of snow with a wild storm gathering again upon me ! 
 it took all my philosophy , all the religion i had been taught , all my courage , not to collapse in a paroxysm of fright . 
 and now a perfect tornado burst upon me . 
 the ground shook as though thousands of horses thundered across it ; and this time the storm bore on its icy wings , not snow , but great hailstones which drove with such violence that they might have come from the thongs of balearic slingers-hailstones that beat down leaf and branch and made the shelter of the cypresses of no more avail than though their stems were standing-corn . 
 at the first i had rushed to the nearest tree ; but i was soon fain to leave it and seek the only spot that seemed to afford refuge , the deep doric doorway of the marble tomb . 
 there , crouching against the massive bronze door , i gained a certain amount of protection from the beating of the hailstones , for now they only drove against me as they ricocheted from the ground and the side of the marble . 
 as i leaned against the door , it moved slightly and opened inwards . 
 the shelter of even a tomb was welcome in that pitiless tempest , and i was about to enter it when there came a flash of forked-lightning that lit up the whole expanse of the heavens . 
 in the instant , as i am a living man , i saw , as my eyes were turned into the darkness of the tomb , a beautiful woman , with rounded cheeks and red lips , seemingly sleeping on a bier . 
 as the thunder broke overhead , i was grasped as by the hand of a giant and hurled out into the storm . 
 the whole thing was so sudden that , before i could realize the shock , moral as well as physical , i found the hailstones beating me down . 
 at the same time i had a strange , dominating feeling that i was not alone . 
 i looked towards the tomb . 
 just then there came another blinding flash , which seemed to strike the iron stake that surmounted the tomb and to pour through to the earth , blasting and crumbling the marble , as in a burst of flame . 
 the dead woman rose for a moment of agony , while she was lapped in the flame , and her bitter scream of pain was drowned in the thundercrash . 
 the last thing i heard was this mingling of dreadful sound , as again i was seized in the giant-grasp and dragged away , while the hailstones beat on me , and the air around seemed reverberant with the howling of wolves . 
 the last sight that i remembered was a vague , white , moving mass , as if all the graves around me had sent out the phantoms of their sheeted-dead , and that they were closing in on me through the white cloudiness of the driving hail . 
 gradually there came a sort of vague beginning of consciousness ; then a sense of weariness that was dreadful . 
 for a time i remembered nothing ; but slowly my senses returned . 
 my feet seemed positively racked with pain , yet i could not move them . 
 they seemed to be numbed . 
 there was an icy feeling at the back of my neck and all down my spine , and my ears , like my feet , were dead , yet in torment ; but there was in my breast a sense of warmth which was , by comparison , delicious . 
 it was as a nightmare-a physical nightmare , if one may use such an expression ; for some heavy weight on my chest made it difficult for me to breathe . 
 this period of semi-lethargy seemed to remain a long time , and as it faded away i must have slept or swooned . 
 then came a sort of loathing , like the first stage of sea-sickness , and a wild desire to be free from something-i knew not what . 
 a vast stillness enveloped me , as though all the world were asleep or dead-only broken by the low panting as of some animal close to me . 
 i felt a warm rasping at my throat , then came a consciousness of the awful truth , which chilled me to the heart and sent the blood surging up through my brain . 
 some great animal was lying on me and now licking my throat . 
 i feared to stir , for some instinct of prudence bade me lie still ; but the brute seemed to realise that there was now some change in me , for it raised its head . 
 through my eyelashes i saw above me the two great flaming eyes of a gigantic wolf . 
 its sharp white teeth gleamed in the gaping red mouth , and i could feel its hot breath fierce and acrid upon me . 
 for another spell of time i remembered no more . 
 then i became conscious of a low growl , followed by a yelp , renewed again and again . 
 then , seemingly very far away , i heard a `` holloa ! 
 holloa ! '' 
 as of many voices calling in unison . 
 cautiously i raised my head and looked in the direction whence the sound came ; but the cemetery blocked my view . 
 the wolf still continued to yelp in a strange way , and a red glare began to move round the grove of cypresses , as though following the sound . 
 as the voices drew closer , the wolf yelped faster and louder . 
 i feared to make either sound or motion . 
 nearer came the red glow , over the white pall which stretched into the darkness around me . 
 then all at once from beyond the trees there came at a trot a troop of horsemen bearing torches . 
 the wolf rose from my breast and made for the cemetery . 
 i saw one of the horsemen -lrb- soldiers by their caps and their long military cloaks -rrb- raise his carbine and take aim . 
 a companion knocked up his arm , and i heard the ball whizz over my head . 
 he had evidently taken my body for that of the wolf . 
 another sighted the animal as it slunk away , and a shot followed . 
 then , at a gallop , the troop rode forward-some towards me , others following the wolf as it disappeared amongst the snow-clad cypresses . 
 as they drew nearer i tried to move , but was powerless , although i could see and hear all that went on around me . 
 two or three of the soldiers jumped from their horses and knelt beside me . 
 one of them raised my head , and placed his hand over my heart . 
 `` good news , comrades ! '' 
 he cried . 
 `` his heart still beats ! '' 
 then some brandy was poured down my throat ; it put vigor into me , and i was able to open my eyes fully and look around . 
 lights and shadows were moving among the trees , and i heard men call to one another . 
 they drew together , uttering frightened exclamations ; and the lights flashed as the others came pouring out of the cemetery pell-mell , like men possessed . 
 when the further ones came close to us , those who were around me asked them eagerly : `` well , have you found him ? '' 
 the reply rang out hurriedly : `` no ! 
 no ! 
 come away quick-quick ! 
 this is no place to stay , and on this of all nights ! '' 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 was the question , asked in all manner of keys . 
 the answer came variously and all indefinitely as though the men were moved by some common impulse to speak , yet were restrained by some common fear from giving their thoughts . 
 `` it-it-indeed ! '' 
 gibbered one , whose wits had plainly given out for the moment . 
 `` a wolf-and yet not a wolf ! '' 
 another put in shudderingly . 
 `` no use trying for him without the sacred bullet , '' a third remarked in a more ordinary manner . 
 `` serve us right for coming out on this night ! 
 truly we have earned our thousand marks ! '' 
 were the ejaculations of a fourth . 
 `` there was blood on the broken marble , '' another said after a pause - `` the lightning never brought that there . 
 and for him-is he safe ? 
 look at his throat ! 
 see , comrades , the wolf has been lying on him and keeping his blood warm . '' 
 the officer looked at my throat and replied : `` he is all right ; the skin is not pierced . 
 what does it all mean ? 
 we should never have found him but for the yelping of the wolf . '' 
 `` what became of it ? '' 
 asked the man who was holding up my head , and who seemed the least panic-stricken of the party , for his hands were steady and without tremor . 
 on his sleeve was the chevron of a petty officer . 
 `` it went to its home , '' answered the man , whose long face was pallid , and who actually shook with terror as he glanced around him fearfully . 
 `` there are graves enough there in which it may lie . 
 come , comrades-come quickly ! 
 let us leave this cursed spot . '' 
 the officer raised me to a sitting posture , as he uttered a word of command ; then several men placed me upon a horse . 
 he sprang to the saddle behind me , took me in his arms , gave the word to advance ; and , turning our faces away from the cypresses , we rode away in swift , military order . 
 as yet my tongue refused its office , and i was perforce silent . 
 i must have fallen asleep ; for the next thing i remembered was finding myself standing up , supported by a soldier on each side of me . 
 it was almost broad daylight , and to the north a red streak of sunlight was reflected , like a path of blood , over the waste of snow . 
 the officer was telling the men to say nothing of what they had seen , except that they found an english stranger , guarded by a large dog . 
 `` dog ! 
 that was no dog , '' cut in the man who had exhibited such fear . 
 `` i think i know a wolf when i see one . '' 
 the young officer answered calmly : `` i said a dog . '' 
 `` dog ! '' 
 reiterated the other ironically . 
 it was evident that his courage was rising with the sun ; and , pointing to me , he said , `` look at his throat . 
 is that the work of a dog , master ? '' 
 instinctively i raised my hand to my throat , and as i touched it i cried out in pain . 
 the men crowded round to look , some stooping down from their saddles ; and again there came the calm voice of the young officer : `` a dog , as i said . 
 if aught else were said we should only be laughed at . '' 
 i was then mounted behind a trooper , and we rode on into the suburbs of munich . 
 here we came across a stray carriage , into which i was lifted , and it was driven off to the quatre saisons-the young officer accompanying me , whilst a trooper followed with his horse , and the others rode off to their barracks . 
 when we arrived , herr delbruck rushed so quickly down the steps to meet me , that it was apparent he had been watching within . 
 taking me by both hands he solicitously led me in . 
 the officer saluted me and was turning to withdraw , when i recognized his purpose , and insisted that he should come to my rooms . 
 over a glass of wine i warmly thanked him and his brave comrades for saving me . 
 he replied simply that he was more than glad , and that herr delbruck had at the first taken steps to make all the searching party pleased ; at which ambiguous utterance the maitre d'hotel smiled , while the officer pleaded duty and withdrew . 
 `` but herr delbruck , '' i inquired , `` how and why was it that the soldiers searched for me ? '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders , as if in depreciation of his own deed , as he replied : `` i was so fortunate as to obtain leave from the commander of the regiment in which i served , to ask for volunteers . '' 
 `` but how did you know i was lost ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the driver came hither with the remains of his carriage , which had been upset when the horses ran away . '' 
 `` but surely you would not send a search-party of soldiers merely on this account ? '' 
 `` oh , no ! '' 
 he answered ; `` but even before the coachman arrived , i had this telegram from the boyar whose guest you are , '' and he took from his pocket a telegram which he handed to me , and i read : bistritz . 
 be careful of my guest-his safety is most precious to me . 
 should aught happen to him , or if he be missed , spare nothing to find him and ensure his safety . 
 he is english and therefore adventurous . 
 there are often dangers from snow and wolves and night . 
 lose not a moment if you suspect harm to him . 
 i answer your zeal with my fortune.-dracula . 
 as i held the telegram in my hand , the room seemed to whirl around me ; and , if the attentive maitre d'hotel had not caught me , i think i should have fallen . 
 there was something so strange in all this , something so weird and impossible to imagine , that there grew on me a sense of my being in some way the sport of opposite forces-the mere vague idea of which seemed in a way to paralyze me . 
 i was certainly under some form of mysterious protection . 
 from a distant country had come , in the very nick of time , a message that took me out of the danger of the snow-sleep and the jaws of the wolf . 
 the end 
