 previous i was in the same parking lot where a young lady had been killed not too long ago in connection with a case of mine . 
 a case that had involved kingsley . 
 the parking lot was mostly empty . 
 it was late sunday night , so no surprise there . 
 i was in a spot that afforded me a perfect view of the parking lot 's entrance . 
 i 'm really doing this , i thought . 
 i was a few minutes early . 
 to my right was an alley that ran behind the restaurant . 
 the alley was clean and dimly lit and led to the back entrances of the stores that ran along harbor boulevard . 
 potted plants were arranged outside the bar 's back door , and a nearby fire escape appeared freshly painted . 
 the alley itself was composed of cobblestones , like something you would see in an english village . 
 i remembered the way the girl 's blood had soaked between the stones , zigzagging rapidly away from her dying body . 
 the moon was bright , but not full . 
 clouds were scattered thinly across the glowing sky . 
 glowing , at least , to my eyes . 
 a small wind made its way through my partially opened driver 's side window . 
 i could n't keep my hands from shaking , and so i kept them there on the steering wheel , gripping tightly , my knuckles glowing white . 
 a car turned slowly into the parking lot , making a left from chapman avenue . 
 its headlights bounced as the vehicle angled up the slight driveway and into the parking lot . 
 i 'm really doing this . 
 i had n't expected to be this nervous . 
 fang knew everything about me . 
 he knew my dirtiest secrets . 
 so what did i know about him ? 
 i knew he was a lady 's man . 
 i knew he had a massive fascination for vampires . 
 i knew he was mortal . 
 and that was it . 
 in a way , i loved fang . 
 he was always , always there for me . 
 in my darkest hours , he consoled me . 
 he lifted me up and reminded me that i was not a monster . 
 i shared with him my heart , and in return he accepted it with tenderness and compassion . 
 he was the perfect man . 
 the perfect confidant . 
 i did n't want to lose what i had with fang . 
 the car continued moving through the parking lot . 
 i could hear its tires crunching . 
 the car , i soon saw , was an old muscle car . 
 a beautiful thing . 
 not quite cherried , but obviously well taken care of . 
 it gave off a throaty growl , not unlike the growl of the werewolf the other night . 
 i did n't want to lose fang . 
 i love what we have . 
 our connection was so rare , so helpful , so loving , so sweet , so important to me . 
 i ca n't lose that . 
 i wrapped my hands around my keys , which were still hanging in the ignition . 
 this was a bad idea . 
 i should never have agreed to this . 
 `` what am i doing ? '' 
 i whispered , feeling real panic , perhaps the first panic i had felt in a long time . 
 far worse panic than when a nine-foot-tall werewolf approached me in my hotel room . 
 and what if fang is n't who he says he is ? 
 what if he 's someone completely different ? 
 someone untrustworthy ? 
 what if i have to silence him ? 
 i started rocking in the driver 's seat . 
 the throaty growl of the muscle car reverberated through the empty lot , bouncing off the surrounding dark buildings . 
 the car pulled slowly into a parking space two rows in front of me . 
 we were now facing each other . 
 the windshield was tinted enough for me to have a hard time seeing inside . 
 still , i could see a single figure . 
 a man . 
 the driver turned the car off and the parking lot fell silent again . 
 a moment later , the muscle car 's headlights flashed twice . 
 my heart slammed inside me . 
 my right hand was still holding the keys . 
 i could start the car now and get the hell out of here and forget this night ever happened , and fang and i could go back to what we had . 
 i could . 
 but i did n't . 
 i reached down and flashed my headlights twice in return . 
 a moment later , the muscle car 's driver 's side door opened . 
 a booted foot stepped out . 
 close to hyperventilating , i went to open my door but stopped short . 
 shit , i had forgotten about my seat belt . 
 i hastily unfastened it and opened the door . 
 i 'm really doing this . 
 as i stepped out of my van completely , the person opposite me did the same . 
 the night air was cool . 
 sounds from the nearby bar reached us . 
 laughter . 
 music . 
 the low murmur of a handful of conversations going on at once . 
 i stepped around to the front of my minivan , and the figure in front of me did the same , stepping to the front of his car . 
 he leaned a hip casually against the front fender . 
 when i saw him , i stopped and gasped and covered my mouth with both hands . 
 fang grinned at me . 
 `` hello , moon dance . '' 
 chapter one the night was cool . 
 the waning moon hovered just above the old downtown buildings , its silver light suffusing with the yellow of the parking lot lights . 
 both sets of lights served to illuminate the tall man standing in front of me . 
 not that i needed much light to see him in the dark , thanks to the phosphorescent streaks of incandescence that seemed only visible to me . 
 and perhaps others like me . 
 a small wind rattled a tree next to me . 
 the tree had thick , waxy leaves that reflected the surrounding light . 
 the tree did n't seem native to southern california . 
 trees in southern california tended to be stunted and pathetic-looking . 
 a plastic grocery bag scuttled halfheartedly across the parking lot , passing between fang and me . 
 we both ignored it . 
 `` are n't you going to say something ? '' 
 he asked , grinning easily . 
 there was humor in his deep voice , but there was also something else . 
 doubt . 
 just a shred of it . 
 but it was there , underlying his humor . 
 and i knew the reason for his doubt , for i shared it , too . 
 fang was n't at all certain this meeting was a good idea , either . 
 and i suspected why . 
 he has a secret , too . 
 a big secret . 
 how i knew this , i was n't sure . 
 a psychic hit , perhaps . 
 but i was suddenly certain that fang stood to lose much by this meeting ; after all , his past - whatever it was - would not remain hidden , not with me in the picture . 
 we all have our secrets . 
 i finally moved my hands away from my mouth and took in a lot of air . 
 i do n't generally need a lot of air ; in fact , i 'm fairly certain i do n't need any air at all . 
 but breathing deep helped calm my nerves , and since my lungs still worked , i figured i might as well use them every now and again . 
 i also found myself scanning the parking lot , wondering if i had somehow walked into an elaborate prank ... or something far worse . 
 a trap perhaps . 
 but i sensed no danger here and i sensed no malice from fang . 
 granted , my sixth sense was n't foolproof , but in situations like this , well , it certainly would have been triggered . 
 especially since my extrasensory perception seemed to be getting stronger and stronger of late . 
 `` do n't look so concerned , moon dance , '' fang said . 
 he eased himself off the fender of his car and faced me . 
 `` we 're alone . '' 
 i still had n't spoken . 
 music pumped from the bar nearby and i might have heard the sharp crack of a pool ball striking another pool ball . 
 either that , or someone had just broken a kneecap . 
 there was a slight hint of beer on the wind ... and vomit . 
 the two often went hand in hand , especially at this late hour and especially in a back alley parking lot . 
 i stopped scanning the surrounding area and focused on the man before me . 
 now with my shock abating , the investigator in me was surfacing . 
 the man , i was certain , had stalked me . 
 in fact , i was sure of it . 
 that raised all sorts of alarm bells within me , although i should have known it would happen sooner or later . 
 fang was , admittedly , a vampire aficionado . 
 i should have known he would have used all the clues i had laid out before him over the years to eventually find me . 
 perhaps you wanted to be found , sam . 
 perhaps . 
 granted , a part of me had hoped fang would be kingsley , but kingsley was a very different kind of creature of the night . 
 in the end , i knew that fang could not have been kingsley . 
 but i never expected the man standing before me now . 
 finally , i spoke . 
 `` they let you off work early . '' 
 now i , too , stepped away from my van . 
 `` yeah , well , i told them it was an emergency , '' said fang easily . 
 he moved away from his car and stepped over the crumbling concrete parking curb with its exposed , rusted re-bars . 
 `` and this is an emergency ? '' 
 i asked . 
 his face lit up . 
 `` of the highest order , moon dance . '' 
 now he was coming toward me , moving across the empty parking lot . 
 on his chest , the two great shark teeth swung and bounced from the leather strap . 
 only i was beginning to think they were n't shark teeth . 
 fang . 
 his name is fang for a reason . 
 more deep breaths . 
 i was tempted to step away from my van , but i could n't make my legs work . 
 in fact , they suddenly felt gelatinous and heavy and not really my own . 
 i put my hand on the van 's warm hood , stabilizing myself . 
 fang was a tall man , and his long strides quickly ate up the asphalt between us . 
 when he was just a few arms lengths away , he stopped , chest heaving . 
 `` i do n't know your name , '' i said , suddenly self-conscious . 
 his eyes rapidly roamed over me , taking me in . 
 but i was used to him looking at me , was n't i ? 
 after all , i had often caught him looking at me . 
 `` you never asked for my name , '' he said . 
 `` married women do n't ask bartenders for their names , '' i said . 
 `` you 're not married now . '' 
 `` technically i 'm separated . 
 the divorce paperwork is being drawn up now by my attorney . '' 
 `` you 're doing an awful lot of talking , '' said the heroes ' bartender , smiling at me again . 
 his white teeth shone brightly , and so did the monstrously long teeth dangling from his neck . 
 `` and not enough asking . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said , feeling my heart calming down . 
 this was fang , after all , my best friend , my confidant , the man i had opened my life up to ... all my secrets , all my fears . 
 everything . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` you can call me eli roberts , '' he said . 
 `` but my given name is , '' he paused . 
 `` aaron parker . '' 
 i blinked , and might have gasped , too . 
 aaron parker . 
 i knew the name , of course . 
 anyone in law enforcement would know the name . 
 i looked at the man in front of me again ... looked at the fangs hanging from the leather strap . 
 indeed , those were n't shark teeth . 
 `` you 're the american vampire , '' i said . 
 he smiled and laughed lightly . 
 `` could you say that a little louder , moon dance ? '' 
 chapter two the downtown bar and grill was a new restaurant in a very old building . 
 the walls were brick and the black lacquer bar counter was epic . 
 it stretched from nearly end to end and i could only imagine how many drinks had been served from its polished , scarred surface . 
 aaron parker , aka fang , found us a table in the darkest corner of the deepest part of the lounge . 
 music thumped from nearby speakers . 
 there would n't be a soul on earth who could overhear us . 
 a waitress materialized out of the darkness like a ghost and took our orders . 
 aaron ordered for us . 
 white wine for me . 
 jack and coke for him . 
 `` you remembered what i drink , '' i said . 
 i found myself feeling wary and highly exposed and vulnerable . 
 i also found myself fighting a very strong desire to run . 
 but to run was to leave a lot of questions unanswered . 
 to run was to screw everything up , and i did n't want to screw everything up . 
 aaron sat forward and studied me intently . 
 i do n't like to be studied intently . 
 he knew that , did n't he ? 
 interestingly , his look was the same look he 'd given me many times at heroes , a bar i frequented with my sister . 
 silly me , i had thought his probing glance had been an interest of a different sort . 
 now i knew differently . 
 he had been stalking me . 
 he had known who i was all along . 
 i instinctively looked away , feeling a bit like a freak at a carnival : `` come one , come all - see the real-life bloodsucker ! '' 
 now that he was sitting across from me and not endlessly serving customers , i had a chance to really study him . 
 i had always found him attractive . 
 i 'm sure he knew that . 
 and my sister had an unhealthy crush on him that her husband really should probably be concerned about . 
 aaron parker was tall . 
 perhaps one of the tallest men i had ever seen . 
 i suspected he was an athlete and i resisted the urge to ask him if he played basketball . 
 aaron had full lips . 
 the kind most women drool over . 
 he had sad puppy dog eyes , as brown and bright as polished cherry wood . 
 but it was his mouth that i found the most curious . 
 he did n't seem to know what to do with those beautiful lips of his . 
 sometimes he pulled them as if snarling . 
 and sometimes they seemed to drape over his lower lip . 
 often they moved and shifted and i kept having the impression he was about to say something , but words rarely followed the movement . 
 it was the oddest twitch i had ever seen . 
 finally , his moving lips formed words . 
 when he spoke , he did so softly . 
 if not for my better-than-average hearing , i might have missed what he said : `` i remember everything you tell me , samantha . '' 
 `` except i never told you my name . '' 
 now he looked away , suddenly embarrassed . 
 he should be embarrassed . 
 her had stalked the shit out of me . 
 `` yes , i 've known your name for some time . '' 
 `` it 's not nice to stalk people , '' i said . 
 `` especially someone who can kill you and deposit your body somewhere over shark-infested waters where it will never be seen again . '' 
 aaron 's eyes flashed briefly with amusement . 
 `` it was a chance i had to take . '' 
 our drinks came . 
 it was late sunday night and the bar crowd was thinning . 
 no doubt only the hardcore drinkers were left ... and a creature or two of the night . 
 as we sat in the bar , toasting to good health and long life -lrb- which put a smile on my face -rrb- , i was suddenly certain aaron and i were being watched . 
 i glanced over his shoulder , searching for the source , but there was only an empty stairway leading up to god knew what . 
 still , the electrified field that only i seemed to see , a field that consisted of glowing streaks of light that helped me see into the darkest of nights , seemed to be buzzing with more than usual activity . 
 light streaks zipped about as if energized by something unseen . 
 something 's coming , i suddenly thought . 
 what that i was , i did n't know . 
 i turned back to fang . 
 `` so how did you find me ? '' 
 i asked , although i had already intuited the answer . 
 obviously , i had given the man enough clues about my life - in particular , the cases i had worked on - for him to find me . 
 quite simply , he had put two and two together . 
 even if two and two had come over the course of years . 
 he confirmed my hunch , and explained . 
 to his credit , he looked a bit sheepish . 
 anyway , it had been one of my bigger cases four months ago that had gotten some national attention , a case that involved a runaway girl and a murderous dad . 
 despite my best efforts to remain anonymous , my name had appeared once or twice in the newspaper . 
 i had , of course , mentioned to fang that i was working on an important missing person case . 
 by this point , i had already inadvertently dropped enough clues over the years to direct him to the general region where i lived . 
 and once he knew the general region , well , it had just been a matter of scanning the local headlines for any news about a runaway . 
 i said , `` so everything i ever told you ... '' `` i made notes , '' he said . 
 `` i saved our messages . 
 i poured over them later , searching for hidden clues about you . 
 about how to find you . 
 in the beginning , you gave me very little to work with . 
 but you loosened up over the years . '' 
 i was n't sure how i felt about that . 
 there was a creep factor here that was hard to ignore . 
 but i also understood human nature . 
 or , at least , tried my damned best to . 
 yes , of course he had been curious about me . 
 who would n't have been ? 
 i was a woman who was professing to be much more than a woman . 
 and , admittedly , i had certainly been curious to find him , too , but i had never acted on it . 
 i was a married woman at the time , working hard to keep things happy and seemingly normal . 
 too hard . 
 a marriage should n't have to be so much work . 
 love should n't crush your soul . 
 a relationship should add to your life , not take away from it . 
 something i 'm only now beginning to understand . 
 but it was hard to remain mad at fang ... or aaron . 
 there was a gentleness to him that i never saw coming . 
 his instant messages to me had exuded confidence . 
 but i was n't seeing the confidence here . 
 no , i was seeing a man , perhaps in his late twenties or early thirties , who had anything but confidence . 
 i was missing something here , and i was n't sure what it was . 
 i looked again at the teeth dangling from his neck . 
 they were long and thick - but not quite as thick as shark teeth . 
 they looked like dog canines . 
 big dog canines . 
 i looked again at his twitching mouth , and saw him curl his upper lip down as if to ... as if to cover two massively prominent canines . 
 two unnaturally long canines . 
 `` those teeth , '' i said , motioning to his chest . 
 `` are yours . '' 
 `` why , moon dance , '' he said , and i sensed his old charm . 
 `` you are quite the detective . '' 
 chapter three i knew the story of the american vampire , of course . 
 in essence , a young man with two extraordinarily long canine teeth had sucked his girlfriend dry . 
 his trial had been as sensational as they get , and who could forget the images of the young man opening his mouth and exposing those two insanely long canines for all the world to see . 
 and here he was . 
 in the flesh . 
 sitting across from me . 
 a young man who had been tried and convicted of murder . 
 a young man who had been deemed criminally insane . 
 and there were very few who would argue that point . 
 and he 's fang , i thought . 
 this is crazy . 
 if i looked hard enough i could see the similarities , but the truth was , he looked nothing like the tormented young man whose image had been broadcast across the airwaves and newsrooms and the early internet . 
 now his thick beard would make him nearly impossible to place , and i was almost certain he had had some nose work done . 
 and as i looked again , i could see he was wearing brown contact lenses . 
 almost certainly his eyes had been blue originally . 
 but the biggest difference was his great height . 
 he had not been quite this tall when he was eighteen years old . 
 then again , it was hard to know for sure , since he had often sat petulantly next to his attorneys . 
 still , i would guess he had grown another five inches ... perhaps enough to completely throw authorities off his trail . 
 he was , after all , an escaped convict - and allegedly responsible for two more deaths . 
 a guard at the criminally insane prison and the owner of a creepy museum in hollywood who had purchased aaron 's teeth for a morally questionable display . 
 a sick display . 
 there had been an outrage , of course . 
 but the outrage turned moot when the owner had been found dead some months later , and the teeth had been stolen . 
 the same teeth that now dangled from fang 's neck . 
 the same fangs . 
 `` you are a killer , '' i said . 
 `` as are you , samantha , '' he said , sitting back and sipping casually on a drink that smelled strong enough to preserve a warthog . 
 `` we are both victims of circumstance . 
 never forget that . '' 
 his faux brown eyes continued scanning my face . 
 i could see the wonder in them ; i could sense his awe . 
 his thoughts were alive to me , nearly registering in my mind as my own . 
 after all , i had a deep connection to fang , deeper than i had ever thought possible with another human being , and although the man in front of me was largely a stranger , now that we 've met in the flesh , our connection seemed only to intensify . 
 he closed his eyes and took in some air . 
 `` i can feel you , moon dance . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` feel me how ? '' 
 `` in my head . 
 you 're there . 
 in my thoughts . 
 just off to the side . 
 listening . 
 picking up words here and there . '' 
 he cocked his head slightly to one side , like a dog listening to something on the wind . 
 now it was my turn to study his face . 
 the man was gorgeous . 
 of that , there was no doubt . 
 after all , there was a reason why my sister turned into a gibbering idiot every time he served us a drink . 
 his brown hair was jauntily disheveled , or perhaps messily windblown . 
 mostly , it was his lips that commanded my attention . 
 so full , especially the lower one . 
 there was a spot of liquid on the bottom one and all i could think of doing was tasting that spot . 
 just that one , sexy spot . 
 his eyelids quivered , where i saw a brief flash of white , and realized his eyes had rolled up into his head . 
 `` yes , there you are , moon dance . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 music continued pumping through the bar . 
 a very old drunk man got up from his stool and started slow dancing with himself . 
 he spun himself once , twice , and i thought he might even dip himself , but luckily he bumped into the bar and grabbed hold of it . 
 no one seemed to notice him but me . 
 and seemingly inside my skull , i heard a very faint , yet very distinct whisper : hello , moon dance . 
 fang opened his eyes and smiled at me . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` that 's never happened before . '' 
 chapter four `` it is common knowledge that vampires can control others with their minds , '' said fang . 
 `` but i 'm not trying to control you , '' i said . 
 `` yet , '' he said . 
 `` but if i find myself suddenly giving you a pedicure , i might suspect otherwise . '' 
 he winked . 
 i lifted my hand . 
 `` trust me , there is n't a file strong enough for these nails . '' 
 `` let me see your nails , moon dance . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 i sighed and held out my hands . 
 he took them gently and did not flinch at the extreme cold of my flesh like most do . 
 indeed , shivering and smiling , he seemed to revel in the iciness . 
 he next tapped the tip of my index finger . 
 i felt like a horse being sold at auction . 
 `` you could disembowel a rhino with these things . '' 
 `` or a bartender who lets my secret out . '' 
 he grinned again . 
 `` i did n't realize how feisty you were , moon dance . '' 
 `` we never had this much at stake , fang . '' 
 `` we both hold equally damaging secrets . 
 i , too , am trusting you to keep my secret safe . '' 
 `` you 're a convicted murder and an escaped prisoner . '' 
 `` and you 're a blood-sucking fiend . '' 
 i studied him . 
 the corner of his mouth lifted in a small smile , along with some of his beard . 
 `` fair enough , '' i said , sitting back . 
 `` so what 's this mind control business you 're talking about ? '' 
 he finished his drink and waved the waitress over . 
 i had barely touched my own wine . 
 when she was gone , he sat forward , resting his weight on his sharp elbows . 
 `` you have already mentioned your sixth sense , moon dance . 
 you have even mentioned that you felt it is getting stronger . '' 
 i nodded ; it was . 
 he went on , `` well , your sixth sense is a little more far-reaching than you have thought ; at least , that is my understanding . '' 
 `` how far-reaching ? '' 
 `` telepathy . 
 hypnosis . 
 mediumship . '' 
 `` one at a time , '' i said . 
 `` hypnosis ? '' 
 `` you 've seen dracula , right ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` did you read the book ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` a vampire whose never read dracula ? '' 
 `` i 've been busy raising kids and trying to keep a husband happy . 
 at least i 'm batting .500 . '' 
 he smiled sadly . 
 `` i 'm sorry he hurt you , moon dance . '' 
 `` so am i. '' `` want to change the subject ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` back to mind control . 
 dracula , you see , has the ability to induce hypnosis with just his gaze . 
 you might want to look into it . '' 
 i shook my head at his silly pun . 
 `` fine . 
 what about mediumship ? '' 
 `` that 's speaking to the dead , either to those who have passed on or still linger . '' 
 `` linger ? '' 
 `` ghosts , moon dance . 
 you should be able to see ghosts . '' 
 i scanned our surroundings . 
 the electrified air , usually so alive with light filaments , seemed particularly erratic in here . 
 to my eyes , the streaking lights zigzagged even more crazily , sometimes coalescing into bigger shapes . 
 as i scanned the air around us , fang continued speaking . 
 `` you are a supernatural being , moon dance . 
 a supernatural being in the world of mortals . 
 you should be seeing things i could never , ever imagine . '' 
 the squiggly lights in the bar flashed and zigzagged like thousands upon thousands of electrified fireflies . 
 i watched as they whipped crazily around a nearby stairway , a stairway that led up into the black depths . 
 the flashing lights began gathering together , collecting other squiggly lights . 
 i had seen such things before but had dismissed them . 
 they were just strange lights , right ? 
 nothing more . 
 `` creatures of the night seem to attract each other , samantha , whether they know it or not ... or whether they want it or not . 
 it is not a coincidence that the werewolf came into your life . 
 soon , i expect others like yourself to make appearances . '' 
 `` like myself ? '' 
 `` vampires , moon dance . 
 you can not be an island for long . 
 not in this world of fantastical creatures . '' 
 i continued studying the glowing object at the foot of the stairway . 
 more light gathered around it . 
 now , if i looked hard enough , i could see shoulders , hips , and a head forming . 
 even what appeared to be longish hair . 
 and then , amazingly , the light creature turned toward me . 
 i could n't see its features , but i sensed its great pain . 
 and then , buried deep in my mind 's eye , i saw a flash of a knife 's blade , heard a strangled cry , then weeping , and then ... nothing . 
 `` i see a ghost , '' i said . 
 `` there by the stairway . '' 
 i saw aaron turn out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` i do n't see anything , moon dance . 
 but i 'm not surprised . 
 this is supposedly one of the most haunted buildings in fullerton . '' 
 and just like that the vaguely humanoid column of light dispersed , scattering into a thousand glowing , fluorescent shards of energy . 
 son of a biscuit , i thought , reciting my son 's favorite expression . 
 after a moment , aaron parker looked back at me . 
 `` so does it feel strange finally meeting me , moon dance ? '' 
 `` yes and no . 
 a part of me wants to run back to my computer and continue this conversation there . 
 i felt safe there . 
 i felt open . 
 i felt free to be me . '' 
 `` you do n't feel free now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know how i feel , to be honest . '' 
 `` do i feel a bit like a stranger ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded and i felt the tears come to my eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` a stranger who knows your deepest and darkest secrets . '' 
 i nodded , suddenly finding it hard to speak . 
 he said , `` do you regret meeting me , moon dance ? '' 
 i sat motionless for a long time before i reached out and took his warm hands in my mine . 
 as i did so , he curled his long fingers around mine . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i whispered , and it was perhaps the hardest three words i have ever spoken . 
 he continued holding my hands . 
 now he rubbed his thumb along my knuckles . 
 his thumb was rough , calloused . 
 he was a grease monkey , no doubt . 
 tending bar at night , fixing up his classic muscle car during the day . 
 fang tilted his head slightly . 
 `` grease monkey is not a politically correct term , moon dance . 
 we prefer to be called lubed primates . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` sounds like a bad porno . '' 
 `` there are no bad pornos , moon dance . '' 
 `` eww , and you just read my thoughts . '' 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` i heard a few snatches here and there . '' 
 `` so how is it that you can read my thoughts ? '' 
 `` i do n't have all the answers , moon dance . '' 
 `` well , give it your best shot , big guy . '' 
 he stared at me long and hard . 
 as he did so , his tongue slid along his lower lip and seemed to be searching for something that was not there . 
 i sensed his great sadness for what was lost . 
 i suspected i knew the source of his sadness . 
 finally , he said , `` we are connected , moon dance . 
 or , more accurately , you have allowed me access into your mind . '' 
 `` so i can turn it off ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't see why not , '' he said . 
 `` and you 're right , sam , i do miss them every day . 
 more than you know . '' 
 his teeth , of course . 
 chapter five instead of going home , i went to a place i was familiar with : the embassy suites in brea . 
 my home over the past month . 
 i parked the minivan in my old spot , and shortly said hello to justin who was working the front desk . 
 he smiled and nodded and seemed to have forgotten that i had checked out a week earlier . 
 of course , just last week , when i had busted my husband for running an illegal strip club in colton , i had dressed the part of a stripper . 
 i might be little , but i 'm a curvy thing , and justin the night clerk has n't looked at me the same since . 
 i felt his eyes on me all the way to the bank of elevators . 
 at the ninth floor , i found a locked service door i had seen many times in the past . 
 a service door i had taken note of . 
 why ? 
 because the plaque on it read : roof access . 
 maintenance personnel only . 
 i glanced up and down the hall , took hold of the locked doorknob , and turned steadily until the inner mechanisms shattered in my hand . 
 the knob broke off . 
 god , i 'm a freak . 
 i pushed the door open , and , after wiping the knob with the hem of my shirt , tossed it in the corner of the stairwell . 
 next i stepped over a low gate and quickly headed up a metal flight of stairs , taking them two at a time and noticing how strong my legs felt . 
 the door at the top of the landing was locked as well . 
 but not for long . 
 as pieces of the broken door knob fell away at my feet , i stepped out onto the roof . 
 immediately , wind buffeted me . 
 the waning moon was higher now and shone through a thin layer of pathetic-looking stratus clouds . 
 mostly , though , the sky was clear , and i could even see a star or two . 
 at the service door , i quickly removed my clothing and naked as the day i was born , moved across the dusty roof , avoiding , of all things , a broken beer bottle . 
 hell of a party up here . 
 now standing at the roof 's edge , i stared down at the city of brea , which shone before me like a brilliant constellation , providing me a view that the heavens could not . 
 at least , not the heavens here in southern california . 
 thousand of lights winked and sparkled . 
 some were brighter than others - street lamps , perhaps . 
 others were barely discernible - bathroom nightlights and perhaps the glows of kindles and nooks . 
 whatever those were . 
 the wind was at the edge of the building . 
 it rocked my naked body . 
 but i had no fear of falling . 
 my hair whipped around my head like so many serpents . 
 medusa would have been proud . 
 or envious . 
 i breathed slowly , deeply , each intake spiced with exhaust and tar and the sage from the nearby foothills . 
 the world lay at my feet . 
 the normal world . 
 where people prayed to god and jesus , where people worried about their kids ' health and charlie sheen 's career , where life went on steadily and predictably . 
 life had n't gone so predictably for me . 
 life had hung a hard right turn at `` predictable '' and detoured through a forbidden forest where the headless horseman was real , where werewolves existed , where a mother of two could be changed forever into something nightmarish . 
 i took in more air and lifted my face toward the heavens . 
 the day 's latent heat rose up from the roof 's surface , warming my eternally cold buns . 
 i heard honking and tires squealing . 
 the crash of a fender-bender . 
 oops . 
 i heard a baby crying from the hotel below and the steady hum of a hundred or so air conditioners powering through the warm night . 
 the building beneath me seemed alive , vibrating and swaying slightly . 
 or perhaps that was just my imagination . 
 i stood there for a heartbeat longer . 
 and then spread my arms wide and jumped . 
 chapter six the drop down from this hotel was always a little dicey , although jumping from the roof gave me some extra wiggle room . 
 but not much . 
 i arched up and out over the roof ... and seemed to pause briefly at the apex of the arch . 
 from here i had a glimpse of an ambulance flashing down birch street , heading away from me . 
 but there was no sound . 
 no sirens . 
 no honking . 
 nothing . 
 time and sound always seemed to subside in these moments . 
 these wonderful , exhilarating moments . 
 now i tilted forward , arms outstretched . 
 a falling , inverted cross . 
 i picked up speed . 
 hair whipping behind me like a failed parachute . 
 wind thundering over me . 
 the hotel rushing past me . 
 someone was standing at the hotel balcony , smoking a cigarette . 
 he never saw me . 
 or maybe i did n't register in his conscious brain . 
 maybe tonight he would dream about a curvy , black-haired woman plummeting past his balcony , arms outstretched , and naked as all get out . 
 i was rapidly running out of floors . 
 a single flame appeared in my thoughts . 
 the flame burned bright , seemingly in the center of my forehead , no doubt in the region the new age gurus call the third eye . 
 in the center of the flame was a winged creature that would have given anyone nightmares . 
 except that winged creature was me . 
 it was my monster familiar . 
 it was my monster alter-ego . 
 it was one hell of a wicked-cool looking creature . 
 and it was me . 
 it waited in the flame , its wings tucked in , elongated head cocked slightly to one side . 
 it always waited for me , ready at my beck and call . 
 my own personal flying demon . 
 except i was that flying demon . 
 as the floors swept past me and the concrete sidewalk rapidly approached , i felt myself being pulled to that creature , drawn to it powerfully , supernaturally , miraculously . 
 the metamorphosis happened in an instant . 
 the flame disappeared in an explosion of light and when i opened my eyes again , a pair of massive leathery wings - which attached to my wrists and ran down below my knees - snapped taut , slowing my decent . 
 the gravitational force on my wings was incredible , but this new body of mine was more than up to the task . 
 my arms held strong . 
 i adjusted my arms and angled forward , sweeping nine or ten feet over the ground and just missing a handicap parking sign . 
 it rattled angrily in my wake . 
 now i flapped my wings . 
 yeah , i know . 
 a crazy statement . 
 but these are crazy times . 
 at least , for me . 
 i flapped my wings and quickly gained altitude . 
 i found the effort of flying easy . 
 my shoulders were powerful . 
 the thickly membraned wings caught the wind and forced it down and behind me . 
 the sound of my beating wings thundered everywhere at once . 
 anyone nearby would have heard me . 
 they would have looked up ... and seen something they would n't soon forget . 
 my body was aerodynamic and pierced the wind effortlessly . 
 i continued rising above the glittering city of brea . 
 yeah , it was cold up here , but i was perfectly adapted for that , too . 
 thick skinned . 
 insulated . 
 perfectly adapted or perfectly created ? 
 i did n't know which . 
 and i did n't care . 
 i rose higher and higher . 
 the thrill of weightlessness was so exhilarating that it drove all thought from my mind . 
 wind whispered over me , seemed to part for me , opened for me new sights few people would ever see or experience . 
 and still i climbed . 
 the temperature dropped exponentially . 
 i plunged into a roiling cumulus cloud and the world briefly disappeared . 
 i was surrounded in ice crystals which was at once serene and mildly disorienting . 
 i shook my great head where the crystals had collected . 
 they broke free and fell away . 
 the cloud opened and soon i was flying parallel with it , rising and falling with its amorphous contours , like a fighter plane over a desert floor . 
 the movements of my wings were minute , so minute i was n't consciously aware of making them . 
 the moon shone over my shoulder , reflecting brightly off the cloud 's pale surface . 
 my shadow kept pace , rising and falling . 
 a monster 's moon shadow . 
 wings outstretched , flapping almost lazily , i was a massive creature . 
 the sky above me was clear , filled with millions upon millions of glittering stars . 
 i focused on one such star and flew toward it . 
 what would happen if i just kept on flying ? 
 no doubt the deep vacuum of space would wreak havoc on my flying . 
 with no air , i would float aimlessly and endlessly . 
 i shuddered at the thought . 
 the cloud dispersed and a great sweeping hillside appeared beneath me , dotted with brightly lit homes . 
 i thought of fang . 
 the man was a killer , of that there was no doubt . 
 he was also a fugitive . 
 once , long ago , i had made an oath to uphold the law and bring such fugitives to justice . 
 but that was then ... ... and this was now . 
 now , i had some dirty secrets of my own , did n't i ? 
 now i had taken one life and was responsible for a second . 
 victims of circumstance , fang had said . 
 i agreed to an extent . 
 victims were not given a free pass to hurt others . 
 i flapped my wings languidly , riding along a powerful jet stream , which propelled me forward powerfully , effortlessly . 
 fang , aka aaron parker , aka eli roberts -lrb- his assumed name -rrb- was a beautiful man . 
 there was a reason my sister seriously had the hots for him . 
 i nearly laughed at the thought that this flying creature could have a sister . 
 and then i almost laughed at the thought that this flying creature could laugh . 
 life is weird . 
 the clouds below opened and i saw a small plane flying beneath me , buzzing laboriously even as i flew effortlessly and silently . 
 its lights flashed , in accordance to aviation law . 
 there were no laws for giant flying monsters . 
 i was beyond law . 
 i could give a damn about laws , anyway . 
 to an extent . 
 i still had a life to live and children to raise and food to put on the table . 
 by necessity , i had to play by the rules of man . 
 yes , fang was a beautiful man . 
 he was also my closest friend . 
 but everything had changed , had n't it ? 
 he was no longer my anonymous friend who i could open up to about everything . 
 he had a face . 
 a history . 
 a troubled history . 
 he was also , of course , a world-class stalker . 
 and a killer . 
 shit . 
 below , i spotted the hollywood sign , the word so tiny that by all rights i should n't have been able to read them . 
 but i could . 
 giant vampire bats had eagle-like vision . 
 i dipped a wing and turned to starboard slowly , a great arching turn that took a full minute . 
 the sky was my playground . 
 the clouds my jungle gym . 
 i completed my turn and innately headed home , following an inner guidance system that was so inherent that i did n't doubt it or question it . 
 it 's good to be me sometimes . 
 i headed back to the embassy suites . 
 chapter seven i was answering emails on my laptop and watching judge judy emasculate this deadbeat dad when my cell phone rang . 
 i picked it up from the coffee table and looked at the faceplate : caller unknown . 
 i almost did n't pick up . 
 by nature , i do n't like caller unknown calls . 
 what are people hiding ? 
 the phone rang a second time . 
 and as it did so , an electrical sensation crackled along the length of my spine . 
 as if a ghost had run an ethereal finger down the center of my back . 
 i shivered . 
 i knew to pay attention to such sensations . 
 such sensations were strong indications that something important was going on . 
 the phone rang a third time . 
 yes , i use old school rings , even for my cell phone . 
 phones are supposed to ring , dammit . 
 not sing christina aguilera 's failed national anthem attempt . 
 now judge judy was really laying into this asshole again . 
 reminding him he was the child 's father . 
 that he had responsibilities . 
 she also let him know what she thought of him . 
 trust me , she did n't think very highly . 
 i loved every second of it . 
 the phone rang a fourth time . 
 my phone will ring five times before it goes to voicemail . 
 the buzzing along my spine continued to crackle . 
 the fine hair on my forearms was also standing on end . 
 something 's wrong , i thought . 
 my email was unfinished . 
 judge judy continued her verbal berating . 
 i looked at the time on my phone . 
 i had to pick up my kids in a few minutes . 
 normally , i would have let the call go to my voicemail . 
 normally . 
 `` answer the phone . '' 
 the words came from behind me . 
 except behind me was a wall . 
 i jumped off the couch , screaming and gasping . 
 the voice was soft and whispery and it scared the shit out of me . 
 i answered the phone , still scanning the room , still scared shitless . 
 who had spoken to me ? 
 `` hello , '' i said , feeling my heart beating somewhere near my throat . 
 i was alone in the house . 
 i was sure of it . 
 i would have heard someone enter . 
 i would have sensed someone entering . 
 there was no response from the other end of the line . 
 i headed for the hallway . 
 scanned it . 
 no one was here . 
 now from the line i could hear faint breathing . 
 and as i searched the bedrooms and bathroom , i said hello again . 
 and when i got to my own bedroom , a voice finally answered . 
 and it was the tiniest voice i had ever heard . 
 `` hi . '' 
 a girl 's voice . 
 maybe five . 
 maybe less . 
 i paused , doing a quick mental rundown of all my nieces and nephews . 
 although i was not as close to some of my sisters and brothers as i wanted to be , i rarely received a call from any of their children . 
 still , i could not think of a niece this young . 
 `` well , hello , '' i said . 
 `` and who is this ? '' 
 i asked , my own voice rising a friendly octave or two . 
 i glanced in my room . 
 my house was completely empty . 
 so who had spoken to me ? 
 i did n't know . 
 but i let it go and wrote it off to stress . 
 after all , these past few weeks had not been without their trials . 
 and last night ... yes , last night . 
 last night still had me reeling . 
 had it really happened ? 
 had i really met fang ? 
 i had . 
 oh , yes , i had . 
 the little voice spoke again over the phone . 
 `` i 'm maddie . '' 
 `` hi maddie , '' i said , switching my focus from the strange voice to the little girl . 
 just about all the hair on my body was standing on end . 
 something 's wrong , i thought . 
 `` where 's your mommy , maddie ? '' 
 near my bed , my alarm clock registered exactly 3:00 p.m. i had to leave now to pick up my kids . 
 i had been missing my kids all day ; or , rather , ever since i got up a few hours ago . 
 i had an overwhelming need to see them , to hold them , to pull them in close and keep them safe . 
 the feeling seemed particularly poignant and slightly irrational . 
 but now i wondered if something else was going on . 
 i wondered if my sixth sense had picked up on this call long before it had come . 
 `` my mommy got kilt . '' 
 kilt ? 
 my heart stopped . 
 killed . 
 a strong and now not-so-irrational panic had completely replaced any subtle sixth sense i was feeling . 
 a mommy instinct was kicking in , and it was kicking in hard . 
 `` where are you maddie ? '' 
 `` a bad man 's house . '' 
 `` maddie , baby , where 's your dad ? '' 
 `` i do n't have a daddy . '' 
 `` who 's the bad man , maddie ? '' 
 and now the little girl lowered her voice to a soft whisper and it broke my heart . 
 `` he 's very very bad , '' she said . 
 `` and he hurted me . '' 
 i was standing , pacing . 
 tears appeared in my eyes . 
 sweet jesus . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` maddie , please , honey ... where are you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 more whispering . 
 `` it 's dark . 
 and cold . '' 
 i covered my face . 
 this was real . 
 and my alarm system was ringing off the hook . 
 this was real . 
 this was n't a prank . 
 get information . 
 get all the information you can . 
 `` maddie , honey , what 's the name of the bad man ? '' 
 `` he kilt my mom . 
 he shot her . 
 he shot her dead . '' 
 `` baby , where are you ? '' 
 `` i scared . '' 
 `` everything 's going to be okay , maddie . 
 please , honey , do you have any idea where - '' and now the little girl must have pressed her mouth hard into the phone , because her next whispered words were barely discernible . 
 `` he 's coming ! '' 
 i heard shuffling , and now i heard her whimpering . 
 `` he 's coming . 
 i scared . 
 i so scared . '' 
 `` maddie - '' and then the line went dead . 
 chapter eight i stared at my phone , completely rattled . 
 i heard again and again the little girl 's tiny voice : `` i scared . 
 i so scared . '' 
 the iphone soon drifted to sleeper mode , then powered down . 
 i inhaled deeply . 
 there were tears on my cheeks . 
 i relaxed my grip on the phone . 
 any harder and it would have broken . 
 the call had gone straight to my heart . 
 it would have gone straight to the heart of any mother . 
 hell , it would have gone straight to the heart of anyone with an ounce of humanity . 
 i wiped the tears from my eyes and cheeks . 
 someone killed her mother . 
 and now someone was keeping her in a dark and cold place . 
 a bad man who was hurting her . 
 i inhaled . 
 i was rattled , totally shaken . 
 the call had caught me completely off guard . 
 hell , it would have caught anyone off guard . 
 i found myself , perhaps for the first time in a long , long time , completely unsure what to do next . 
 i heard the fear in her voice . 
 i heard again and again her childish attempt to keep her voice quiet . 
 who was she ? 
 who was her mother ? 
 and , perhaps the biggest question of all : how had little maddie gotten my number ? 
 i did n't know . 
 but i was going to find out . 
 knowing i was incurring the wrath of my kids ' principal , a man who already did n't look very kindly on me , i briefly put off picking them up and called my ex-partner , chad helling . 
 one time , not so long ago , i was a federal agent . 
 now , because of circumstances very much out of my control , i had gone private . 
 chad picked up on the fourth ring . 
 i said , `` i 'm only a four-ring gal now , huh ? '' 
 `` be glad i answered on the fourth ring , sam . 
 i happen to be a very busy federal investigator . '' 
 `` uh huh , and whatcha doing now ? '' 
 `` waiting in line at starbucks . '' 
 `` and it took you four rings to pick up ? '' 
 `` it took me four rings to hang up on my mom and take your call . '' 
 `` you hung up on your mom to take my call ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so this better be good . '' 
 i told him about the phone conversation with little maddie , reciting it nearly word for word since it would be forever seared into my memory . 
 chad was silent , digesting this . 
 finally , he said , `` brave little girl . 
 and savvy . '' 
 `` brave and savvy are n't going to be enough , '' i said . 
 `` she 's with a monster . '' 
 he took in some air , inhaling sharply . 
 `` i can look into recent murders . 
 see if anything involves an abducted child , too . '' 
 `` the mother was murdered recently . 
 there 's a good chance she has n't been found . 
 and may never be found . '' 
 `` an abduction , then . '' 
 `` yes , look for a missing mother and child . 
 there wo n't be a murder reported . 
 at least not yet . '' 
 `` and you know this how ? '' 
 `` call it a hunch . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` any chance the child was playing a prank on you ? '' 
 `` not a chance in hell . '' 
 `` do n't hold back , sam . 
 tell me what you really think . '' 
 `` smart ass . '' 
 he said , `` my question is : how did maddie find your number ? '' 
 i had been thinking that , too . 
 i bit my lip , and looked at my watch . 
 shit . 
 i was already seriously late . 
 `` hard to know , but my guess is that the number was already programmed into the phone . '' 
 `` her mother 's phone ? 
 or the killers ? '' 
 `` the million-dollar question , '' i said . 
 `` maybe maddie hit redial . 
 who was your last call ? '' 
 i could have smacked my forehead . 
 i told chad to hang on as i quickly scrolled through the iphone . 
 `` a creditor , '' i said . 
 `` keep scrolling . '' 
 i did . 
 `` nothing unusual . 
 nothing out of the ordinary . '' 
 `` keep looking , '' said chad . 
 `` perhaps a past client . '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'll go through it again when i 'm not in a hurry . '' 
 `` when you 're not in a hurry ? 
 hey , i was the one jonesing for coffee . '' 
 `` just please find out what you can , '' i said . 
 `` and tell your mother sorry . '' 
 he said he would and before he clicked off i heard him ordering an iced venti vanilla latte ... and my mouth watered . 
 god , i missed coffee . 
 still shaken , i quickly scrambled around my house , grabbing my sunhat and my purse . 
 i had already slathered my cheeks and hands with a heavy application of the market 's strongest sunblock , although that did little to stop the searing pain as i now dashed out of the house and crossed the small patch of grass that separated my house and the garage . 
 oh , how i envied those with connecting garages ! 
 i was gasping by the time i reached the minivan . 
 there had to be an easier way to get my kids . 
 maybe there was , but for now , no one was picking my kids up but me . 
 when my hot , irritated , inflamed skin had calmed down , i started the minivan , turned on the ac , and headed out to my kids ' school . 
 chapter nine my kids were being pills . 
 anthony had gotten into a fight ... with a girl , no less . 
 the girl , apparently , had seriously kicked his ass -lrb- and is it wrong that i secretly found this funny ? -rrb- 
 , and as we drove to burger king , his older sister , tammy , would n't let him forget it . 
 it took the threat of a week 's grounding to finally get her to ease up . 
 i think my boxing trainer , jacky , might be getting a new client this summer . 
 someone needed to teach the boy how to fight , and obviously it was n't going to be his worthless dad . 
 granted , i was n't advocating fighting , especially fighting girls , but who wants to hear about their boy getting their ass kicked at school ? 
 `` but mom , '' said tammy . 
 `` she sat on him . '' 
 i stifled a giggle behind my hand . 
 anthony , who was sitting next to me and sporting a swollen lip , looked at me sideways . 
 when i gained some semblance of control over myself , i said , `` then maybe you should protect your little brother and not let girls sit on him . '' 
 `` who do you think pulled her off him , mom ? '' 
 said tammy . 
 `` i was n't going to let that cow sit on my brother . 
 well , not for very long , anyway . '' 
 she giggled again , and i did my damndest not to join her . 
 we pulled up to burger king and i put in our orders . 
 i repeated anthony 's plain hamburger order twice , knowing he would n't touch anything with ketchup or mustard or anything else on it . 
 with our food bagged , we headed home , and while the kids ate and did their homework , i took a hot shower . 
 the shower was intended to clean off the copious amounts of sunscreen , but it also served another purpose . 
 i craved heat . 
 my body had no natural warmth . 
 i lived with an eternal chill , and so i craved blessed warmth . 
 showers were certainly nice , but , admittedly , nothing beat the warmth of a man lying next to me , a warmth i rarely felt since my own ex-husband had basically shunned me . 
 of course , i had recently experienced such warmth . 
 in fact , just over a week ago , in the arms of another man . 
 a former client of mine . 
 a man with his own dark secrets and a body that radiated heat unlike anything i had ever experienced . 
 a shiver went through me . 
 a very pleasurable shiver , especially as i recalled kingsley 's skillet-sized hands on my body . 
 his touch , his expert touch , had sent shockwaves through me in more ways than one . 
 but as i stood there in the shower , as the water did its damned best to penetrate my eternal cold , i thought of another man . 
 aaron parker . 
 aka fang . 
 the heat had worked deep into my skin , and as i stood there under the powerful spray , i reached behind me and turned the temperature even higher . 
 anyone else would have yelped . 
 anyone else would have leaped from the shower as surely as if being dropped into a boiling cauldron . 
 but i only moaned with pleasure . 
 after having drinks with aaron , he had walked me back to my van where we had stood together awkwardly . 
 he wanted to kiss me . 
 he wanted to do a lot more to me , too . 
 his thoughts were as clear as a bell , although anyone with a half a brain could have read his body language . 
 i reminded him that i had a lot to digest . 
 i reminded him that he had been aware of me for a lot longer than i had been aware of him . 
 this needed to sink in . 
 i had to sort through my feelings and emotions ... and that 's when he kissed me . 
 he kissed me long and hard and although i had nearly pushed him back - hell , he was lucky he did n't go flying into the trunk of a nearby tree - i decided i liked his kiss . 
 there had been a crazy hunger to him . 
 or maybe he was just crazy . 
 his lips covered mine and i knew he wanted to bite me , or at least use his teeth . 
 to nibble , to bite . 
 to draw blood . 
 when he got too aggressive , i pulled back . 
 he apologized , and then went back to chewing on my lower face . 
 never had i been kissed like that before . 
 never . 
 and never did i expect to be kissed like that again . 
 the shower spray felt so damn good . 
 too good . 
 i could stand there all night . 
 i could probably do other things in there all night , too . 
 after all , i had recently discovered that i could experience something very pleasurable . 
 something i had thought was lost to me . 
 that thought alone sent a shiver through me . 
 i pushed it away and turned off the shower . 
 there was work to be done . 
 there was a little girl scared and alone and living with a monster . 
 and with images of fang whispering goodbye in my ear , i got dressed and headed for my office at the back of the house . 
 chapter ten i was scouring over internet leads , scanning heartbreaking article after heartbreaking article , when my cell phone rang . 
 it was chad . 
 `` hey , sunshine , '' he said . 
 `` it never gets old , does it ? '' 
 chad was , of course , poking fun of my `` condition '' . 
 a condition called xeroderma pigmentosum , which was what most of the world thought i had . 
 believe it or not , i did n't run around telling people i was a vampire . 
 `` probably not ever , '' he said . 
 `` besides , i 'm your ex-partner . 
 i can get away with goofing on you . 
 kind of like an older brother . '' 
 `` a stupid-face older brother . '' 
 `` clever sam . 
 anyway , i have news on maddie . '' 
 i sat up . 
 `` talk to me . '' 
 `` three months ago a mother and daughter went missing . 
 lauren and madison monk . '' 
 i exhaled and squeezed the phone tighter . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` the mother was a known user and prostitute and probably not a very good mother , either . 
 the daughter was born into a mess . 
 the mother would often disappear with boyfriends and drug dealers , bringing her daughter along with her . 
 some seedy shit going on here , sam . 
 no one reported them missing for many weeks , and she spent so much time with so many different shady characters , that it 's nearly impossible to pinpoint where she was staying or who had seen her last . '' 
 `` someone knows , '' i said . 
 `` sure , but we 're talking about the lowest of the lowlifes , sam . 
 folks who break laws every hour on the hour . 
 no one is talking . '' 
 `` who 's working the case ? '' 
 `` fullerton p.d. missing person division . '' 
 `` the name of the officer ? '' 
 he told me and i wrote it down . 
 when finished , i said , `` i think the missing person has turned into a murder and kidnapping . '' 
 `` you 'll hear no argument from me , sam . '' 
 `` thank you , chad . '' 
 `` we 're working on something big over here , but i 'll help you when i can . '' 
 `` i know ; thank you . 
 how 's cynthia ? '' 
 i asked , referring to my client of just a few weeks ago . 
 chad , who had taken over partial bodyguard duties for me , had been smitten by her instantly . 
 `` beautiful as ever ; i love her . '' 
 `` just do n't smother her , for christ 's sake . 
 give her space . '' 
 `` i 'll give her whatever she wants . '' 
 `` oh , brother . '' 
 we hung up and i considered my options . 
 without the case file , there was really nothing i could do tonight . 
 tomorrow i would check in with the fullerton p.d. for now , though , i quickly scanned my files and notes , doing a global search for the name lauren monk . 
 nothing came up . 
 that did n't mean i had n't come across her at some point , just that the name had n't made it to any of my files or notes . 
 of course , that 's if i had ever worked with her or come into contact with her in the first place . 
 well , she had my number somehow . 
 or , at least , someone had it . 
 i was sitting back and thinking about little maddie and her little voice when i sensed a presence behind me . 
 i turned and found anthony standing there and looking miserable . 
 `` what 's wrong , booger butt , '' i asked , waving him over . 
 `` i do n't feel good , mommy . '' 
 `` hey , you 're already suspended for a day , honey . 
 you do n't have to fake being sick . '' 
 but i knew he was n't faking it . 
 my boy looked miserable and i could feel the palpable waves of heat coming off his body . 
 `` but i 'm not faking it , mommy . 
 i swear . '' 
 i put a hand on his forehead . 
 the kid was burning up . 
 he flinched at my icy touch . 
 no surprise there . 
 the dichotomy between hot and cold was probably startling . 
 he climbed up onto my lap and nuzzled his burning face into my neck , and as he did so , alarm bells went off inside me . 
 they rang loud and clear . 
 something was very wrong . 
 chapter eleven i lay by anthony 's side for many hours , lightly running my fingers through his fine hair , periodically checking his fever with my palm . 
 his cheek was clammy and frighteningly hot . 
 his breathing was even , although i detected a slight rattle in his chest . 
 every now and then from his sleep he would cough wetly . 
 something 's wrong . 
 or maybe i 'm just worrying too much . 
 he 's just sick . 
 a fever . 
 perhaps the flu . 
 the electrified air around my son was agitated , the glowing streaks buzzing like so many bees around a hive . 
 i held my son closer and listened to his heartbeat ; it beat strong and steady . 
 i monitored his breathing , too , and was certain that , as the hours passed , his breathing was growing more ragged . 
 hours later , i kissed him on his forehead and headed out into the living room . 
 tammy was snoring lightly with the tv playing quietly . 
 an infomercial selling an electric wheelchair was on . 
 the old guy cruising on it never looked happier . 
 i doubted it . 
 i clicked off the tv and bent down . 
 she was ten years old and weighed nearly as much as i did , that did n't stop me from scooping her up easily and cradling her in my arms like a baby . 
 her body was warm , but not alarmingly so . 
 unlike anthony . 
 i held her close to me and buried my nose in her hair , inhaling deeply . 
 she smelled of strawberries . 
 again , unlike anthony , who had smelled of sweat . 
 i stood there briefly in the living room , holding my daughter effortlessly while she mewed slightly in her sleep . 
 somewhere out there was a little girl named maddie who would never feel her mother nuzzle against her again . 
 a little girl who knew only fear and perhaps pain . 
 a little girl with the tiniest voice i had ever heard . 
 with my face still mostly buried in my daughter 's hair , i carried her into her bedroom and eased her carefully down into bed . 
 i pulled the covers up over her and kissed her warm forehead , and then wiped a tear off her cheek . 
 it had , of course , been my tear . 
 chapter twelve you there , fang ? 
 it was late . 
 or early . 
 take your pick . 
 creatures of the night often get this distinction wrong . 
 anyway , i knew i would be waking fang up , but i needed to talk . 
 i waited in front of my laptop for a few minutes with no response . 
 i checked the time . 
 nearly 4:30 in the morning . 
 fang had worked tonight , i knew , which meant he would have gotten off at two-ish . 
 you 're sleeping , i 'm sure , i wrote in the im screen . 
 years ago , fang and i had met online in a community vampire room . 
 i had been curious and lonely . 
 fang had not only landed a friend , but the real deal . 
 a true blood sucker . 
 fang had entered my life when i needed him the most . 
 funny how life is like that . 
 he was my outlet . 
 my source of information , too , since he was knowledgeable in all things vampiric . 
 we had bonded in ways i never thought possible , and i had revealed my deepest secrets . 
 fang knew everything . 
 and now i knew a lot more about him , too . 
 fang was a killer . 
 by my count , he had murdered three people . 
 how many more after his jailbreak , i did n't know . 
 i hoped none . 
 he had stalked me these past few years . 
 writing down clues . 
 saving our im entries . 
 that means he had confession after confession of my vampirism on record . 
 stored somewhere . 
 i trusted fang , but i was n't sure what to think about this . 
 he was certainly in a position to blackmail me , if he so chose , but i knew he would n't . 
 i knew , and yes , sensed , that his interest in me stemmed from two sources : his love for vampires ... and his love for me . 
 a strange day today , i wrote . 
 i thought of you often , i 'll admit . 
 and the most prevalent thought was : i kissed fang ! 
 do you mind if i still call you fang ? 
 i kind of like it when you call me moon dance . 
 coming from you . 
 it just feels right . 
 it feels secretive , too , like spies , and these are our code names . 
 i like that . 
 i think everyone in life should have a code name . 
 i wo n't mention your real name here , but i definitely do n't see you as an eli , either . 
 you are fang to me . 
 always fang . 
 i paused and reached for a pack of cigarettes sitting next to my computer . 
 recently i 'd discovered that i could smoke . 
 i do n't recommend this to anyone but vampires , since smokes ca n't kill us . 
 there are precious few things that i can ingest into my body without cramping up in pain , and smoking is one of them . 
 i 'll take what i can get . 
 i lit up and exhaled a long plume of roiling gray smoke . 
 the smoke cloud hovered briefly in front of me , then dissipated , and with the cigarette hanging from the corner of my mouth , i continued typing : i 'm not sure about the kiss . 
 i 'm not sure about anything , really . 
 you know that i 'm kind of involved with the attorney . 
 he and i had a moment last week that i will never forget , although i wo n't go into it in any detail here . 
 let 's just say it 's hard for a woman to forget an experience like that -lrb- sorry if that hurts your feelings -rrb- . 
 but it 's also hard for me to forget our kiss last night . 
 so , tell me , what was it like to kiss a vampire ? 
 i 'm sure my lips were cold . 
 i 'm sure my breath was cold , too . 
 is n't that a turn-off ? 
 i was babbling , i knew , but these were thoughts that had been plaguing through my mind for years , and since my relationship with fang had gone to another level , a physical level , i could ask him these questions . 
 i continued : it was a turn-off for my husband . 
 once he vomited . 
 no joke . 
 he tried to lie about it , but i heard him retch and could smell the vomit on his breath . 
 it 's always nice when your husband vomits when making love to you . 
 that was early on in my vampirism , of course . 
 he never touched me again . 
 well , not in an intimate way . 
 i never touched me , either . 
 transference , i believe the psychologists call it . 
 i was unlovable in his eyes and so therefore i was unlovable in my own eyes . 
 yes , i know , i put too much weight into what he thought , but what was i supposed to do ? 
 i did n't know what was happening to me ? 
 everything was all so new . 
 his love meant everything to me . 
 i needed it so bad and he was n't there for me . 
 i stopped writing and sat back . 
 ashes from my cigarette dropped onto my blouse . 
 i always forgot to tap off the ashes . 
 smoking was still new to me . 
 i was n't sure how much i liked it , but it was at least nice to do something with my hands . 
 i guess i 'm here to tell you that i do n't want to lose what we have , fang . 
 but i 'm not saying no to anything more , either . 
 i guess i 'm just not in any place to make decisions right now ... and now my poor son is sick , and every alarm bell i have is ringing loudly . 
 something is wrong with him , fang . 
 but maybe that 's just me worrying . 
 just a mom worrying . 
 i dashed out the last of the cigarette and looked at the blocks of words that filled the im screen . 
 fang would have some reading to do once he wakes up . 
 the sun was coming . 
 i could feel it . 
 a deep tiredness was setting in and i stumbled to my room where my shades were always drawn tight , and collapsed in sleep . 
 the sleep of the dead . 
 or undead . 
 chapter thirteen i need an alarm clock - a very loud alarm clock - if i want to awaken any time before sunset . 
 left to my own devices , i awaken naturally just moments before the sun actually sets . 
 it 's a nice system ... unless you have kids . 
 it 's very rare that i awaken on my own . 
 but i did so now , and i awakened to find my son sleeping next to me . 
 it was noonish . 
 he had come in here on his own , to sleep next to his mommy . 
 i wrapped my arms around his burning body and pulled him in close , feeling his forehead and was profoundly relieved that he did n't seem as hot . 
 then again , i was barely cognizant . 
 i was hardly in a place to make any sort of expert mommy inspections . 
 still , he seemed cooler and he was sleeping contently next to me . 
 as i fell back into my dreamless sleep , i probably should have realized my son barely stirred , if at all . 
 * * * my alarm went off at 2:00 p.m. , my normal time to get up and get ready to pick up my kids . 
 as consciousness grudgingly returned , i listened to my son 's even breathing next to me . 
 even , yet shallow . 
 i turned on my side and touched his cheek . 
 shit . 
 he was burning up again . 
 not quite as hot as last night , but my little boy was clearly sick . 
 i lay there for as long as i dared , alternately running my fingers through his hair and lightly touching his cheeks . 
 he had my dark hair and danny 's broad-cheekboned looks . 
 he had my long eyelashes , of which his sister was eternally jealous . 
 finally i slipped out of bed and checked my email . 
 nothing of importance , although it did appear that i had been hand-picked to help a wealthy and desperate gentleman from nigeria transfer his funds to the united states . 
 his plan was genius : he would send me a whopper of a check , and i would send him a much smaller check in return . 
 and get this : i get to keep the difference . 
 boy , what could go wrong with that idea ? 
 i then spotted something blinking in the lower right-hand corner of my screen . 
 an instant message from fang . 
 i squee 'd and eagerly clicked on it . 
 i might have gasped , too , and my heart definitely slammed hard against my third or fourth rib bone . 
 funny , i never reacted like this to fang before . 
 his message was simple and to the point and it brought a big smile to my face : i dreamed about you , moon dance . 
 i always dream about you . 
 smiling like a goofball , i quickly threw on a pair of jeans and a long-sleeved shirt . 
 these days , i had quite the array of long-sleeved shirts . 
 my day shirts , as i thought of them . 
 my night attire was cuter . 
 but my daytime wardrobe was all about survival ... and staying out of the sun as much as possible . 
 anyway , i slathered my hands and cheeks and neck with my heavy-duty sunblock , grabbed one of my many sunhats , carefully scooped my son up off my bed , and headed out the front door . 
 i dashed across the front yard , which never felt hotter . 
 i threw open the garage door with a quick flick of my hand and plunged into the merciful shadows . 
 once there , i gasped and caught my breath . 
 my son barely stirred . 
 he murmured `` mommy '' and continued sleeping . 
 i next buckled him into the back seat and wadded up the van 's emergency blanket for a pillow . 
 and with the window shades pulled down , i backed up into the sunlight , and a few minutes later i was picking up my daughter . 
 a few minutes after that i was at the urgent care , with my son in my arms . 
 chapter fourteen it was four hours later and i was sitting in detective sherbet 's office . 
 mary lou , my sister , was watching the kids ; in particular , keeping an eye on anthony . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 asked sherbet . 
 he was sitting behind his desk and watching me curiously . 
 he always watched me curiously . 
 i wanted to make a joke about how odd it was seeing sherbet without a donut in his hand , but i just was n't up to it . 
 instead , i said , `` my son 's sick . '' 
 sherbet sat forward . 
 he was a father who loved his own son . 
 a son who was as effeminate as sherbet was masculine . 
 and sherbet was as masculine as they come . 
 thick hair covered his forearms and the back of his hands . 
 the hair was mostly gray . 
 his belly pushed hard against his white dress shirt , putting a lot of pressure on the center buttons . 
 in fact , the third button from the bottom was slightly frayed . 
 it 's gon na blow , i thought . 
 the arm hair and rotund belly looked oddly appealing on sherbet . 
 really , he was a man who had no business being thin . 
 his body frame was built to hold the extra weight , and he did so in a sexy way . 
 i always figured that if i was twenty years older i would have a serious crush on the man . 
 i must not be the only one , since his own wife had to be pretty young to have a child still in elementary school . 
 a child who , according to sherbet , was on the fast track to homosexuality . 
 a child who was forcing my detective friend to open his heart and mind in ways he never had before . 
 `` so what do the doctors say ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` apparently the flu 's going around . 
 they told me not to worry . '' 
 `` you 're not doing a very good job of it , kiddo . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` mostly , i 'm worried your button is gon na blow and take out my eye . '' 
 he looked down at his belly . 
 and now that i looked again , i was certain i could see the faint outline of a jelly stain . 
 a jelly donut stain . 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay , i get it . 
 you do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 `` not really , '' i said . 
 `` and to deflect talk about your son , you choose instead to talk about my belly . '' 
 `` it 's quite a belly . '' 
 `` i like my belly . '' 
 `` i never said it was a bad belly . '' 
 he drummed his thick fingers on the wide desk . 
 his fingernails were perfectly squared and seemed almost as thick as my own supernaturally thick nails . 
 `` can we stop talking about my belly ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` besides , i do n't think cops are supposed to say belly . '' 
 `` and yet you 've now said it four times . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do n't worry about your boy , sam . 
 he 'll be fine . '' 
 i nodded and wished i could believe him . 
 sherbet asked why i was here , and warned me from saying anything about his belly . 
 i told him about maddie and what my ex-partner had turned up . 
 sherbet listened quietly , and when i was finished he reached over and typed something on his keyboard . 
 by typing , i mean he hunted and pecked slowly with his big sausage-like fingers . 
 `` hanner 's working the case , '' he said . 
 `` may i speak with him ? '' 
 `` her . 
 rachel hanner . 
 hang on . '' 
 he got up from behind his desk , and as he did so , one of his knees popped so loudly that i nearly took cover . 
 sherbet looked slightly embarrassed . 
 `` do n't say a word , '' he cautioned . 
 `` would n't dream of it , '' i smirked . 
 he returned a moment later with a young woman with perfect milky skin . 
 she was also damn pretty , and i fought an overwhelming desire to hate her . 
 she nodded at me pleasantly but did n't shake my hand . 
 bitch , although i was secretly relieved . 
 shaking hands always followed a small bit of stress for me . 
 sherbet asked her to sit and she did so next to me . 
 sherbet next asked me to retell my story and i did so , reciting it nearly word for word . 
 these days , my memory seemed sharper and sharper . 
 i had no idea what to attribute that to , but i was n't complaining . 
 when i was finished , hanner nodded once and turned and looked at me . 
 her movements were economical and precise . 
 she seemed like a well-oiled - and quite beautiful - machine . 
 her blond hair was pulled back tightly , revealing a smooth sweep of forehead . 
 her eyes were impossibly big , and most guys probably would have had the hots for her if she did n't project such a fiercely calm and professional presence . 
 `` i ca n't imagine that a child knows how to block caller id , '' she said when i was finished . 
 her voice had a hint of an accent . 
 or maybe , for once , i was simply hearing perfectly enunciated english . 
 `` which is why i figured the phone had the block already programmed in . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` a reasonable assumption . 
 is your business number a toll free number , samantha ? '' 
 `` at the time of the call , no . '' 
 `` but you have it now ? '' 
 `` better . 
 just before coming here i added another feature to my phone , called trap call . '' 
 `` i 'm not following , '' said sherbet . 
 no surprise there . 
 sherbet was an old-school homicide detective and probably not up to date on some of the modern tracing technology . 
 conversely , private investigators were almost always up on such new gadgets . 
 new gadgets gave us an edge over our competitors . 
 including the police . 
 of course , having a freaky sixth sense was a hell of an advantage , too . 
 he said , `` and what does that do ? '' 
 `` it 's a call forwarding service , '' i said , `` when a blocked call comes through , i forward it to trap call and their toll-free line . 
 the caller 's id shows up on their end , and trap call relays the information to me . 
 within seconds . '' 
 sherbet looked at murphy . 
 `` this make sense to you ? '' 
 `` perfectly . '' 
 `` good enough . 
 so we wait for the next call , then ? '' 
 he said . 
 i nodded . 
 `` if it comes . 
 until then , i would like to assist you on this case . '' 
 `` do you have a paying client ? '' 
 asked sherbet . 
 `` no . '' 
 sherbet looked at hanner . 
 `` could you use the help ? '' 
 `` more than you know , '' she answered . 
 he looked back at me . 
 `` you can help . 
 unofficially , of course . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 sherbet asked hanner to leave the case file with him and she obliged . 
 she smiled at me , nodded at sherbet , and left . 
 the detective touched the file on his desk , and said , `` i 'm going to get some coffee . 
 maybe a donut . 
 okay , definitely a donut . 
 i 'll be gone for about ten minutes . 
 you are not to look at this official police file , and you are most definitely not to copy them on the convenient copy machine in the corner of my office . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 he set the file down in front of me , and when he left to get his coffee and donut , i quickly made a copy of the file . 
 i slipped my copy in my purse and returned the original to its folder . 
 when sherbet returned with his coffee and a fresh jelly stain , he calmly picked up the file and dropped it in the `` out '' box at the corner of his desk . 
 `` i trust you did n't look at the file , '' he said . 
 `` would n't dream of it , sir . '' 
 `` so what 's your first step ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` first , i 'm going to read a file i most certainly did n't copy . 
 and second , then i 'm going to do what i do best . '' 
 `` drive to soccer games in your minivan ? '' 
 `` hey , i only do that twice a week . '' 
 `` go on . '' 
 i said , `` i 'm going to relentlessly look for this little girl until i find her , using whatever means i have at my disposal . '' 
 `` all of them legal , of course . '' 
 `` of course , '' i said . 
 sherbet sipped his coffee , and promptly splashed some down his shirt . 
 he briefly glanced at it but he really did n't seem to care , truth be known . 
 okay , now that is manly . 
 he said , `` and do n't think i have n't forgotten about our little talk , samantha . '' 
 sherbet was referring to the recent supernatural activity happening in his town . 
 minor stuff , really . 
 just a werewolf sighting or two . 
 maybe a grave robbery . 
 maybe . 
 `` i have n't , detective . 
 it 's just that now is n't a good time . '' 
 he was nodding . 
 `` when your son 's better and you have a little time , we 're going to talk . '' 
 `` of course , '' i said , and got up . 
 `` i can find my way out . '' 
 i left him staring after me , with his coffee and jelly donut stains . 
 chapter fifteen i called my sister mary lou , and she told me that anthony was sleeping peacefully . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` i think i just heard you breathe an actual sigh of relief , '' said mary lou . 
 `` would n't you ? '' 
 `` he 's going to be fine , sam . 
 you worry too much . '' 
 `` it 's my job to worry too much , '' i said . 
 `` and it 's my job to call you on it . '' 
 i asked her to watch him a little longer and she said she was planning on staying the night . 
 her own children were at home with their dad , which made me briefly envious . 
 hey , i 'm only human . 
 i think . 
 having danny around had made my job infinitely easier . 
 that is , until he started coming home later and later - and reeking of perfume . 
 then my life was n't easier . 
 then it had been a living hell . 
 i thanked her and clicked off and checked the time on my dash . 
 it was going to be a tight squeeze but i should make it to my meeting on time . 
 i took chapman avenue to the 57 freeway . 
 from there , i joined a sea of other cars and headed south . 
 luckily , this sea was moving at a decent clip , and soon i was going east on the 22 , where i exited at main street . 
 from there , i headed south , passing one of orange county 's greatest edifices : the main place mall , whose postmodern glass-and-metal facade sparkled in the last light of the day like a giant beacon to desperate housewives with too much money and a penchant for giant-sized cinnamon rolls . 
 somehow , i managed to resist the urge to spend thirty minutes looking for parking and pay twice the going rate for anything . 
 of course , i was dead broke and i doubted cinnabons served chilled hemoglobin . 
 the broke part was why i was taking this meeting . 
 a few blocks later , i turned into the wharton museum parking lot . 
 as i did so , the sun finally set behind a horizon cluttered with apartment buildings and old homes . 
 i stepped out of my minivan and inhaled the warm dusk air and felt more alive than i ever did when i was human . 
 god , i felt so strong . 
 so powerful . 
 i swept through a long , arched tunnel full of hanging vines , past the sitting area of an outdoor cafe , nodded at a large tour group leaving the museum , and stepped inside orange county 's only significant cultural museum . 
 at the front desk , a young docent smiled brightly at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ma'am , but we 're closed . '' 
 she seemed profoundly relieved that they were closed . 
 perhaps today had been a particularly difficult day at the museum . 
 i suspected i knew why . 
 in fact , i knew the reason why . 
 i told her who i was and why i was here . 
 somehow , she managed to contain her excitement . 
 she made a call , nodded , and a moment later led me down a hallway lined with offices and cubicles . 
 or perhaps these were n't offices and cubicles . 
 maybe this was some weird , hip , modernistic `` cubicles as art '' exhibit . 
 or not . 
 i was led to the last office on the left , where a tall woman with a vigorous handshake greeted me and showed me to a guest chair in front of her desk . 
 i sat and she sat , and after a short exchange of pleasantries , she got right to the point . 
 `` as you know , ms. moon , we had a robbery here last night . '' 
 `` yes , you mentioned that over the phone . 
 i 'm sorry to hear it . '' 
 her name was ms. dickens . 
 yes , that 's how she introduced herself to me on the phone and even now in person . 
 so , on that note , i introduced myself as ms. moon , and she seemed perfectly at ease with that . 
 i was n't at ease with it . 
 i mean , c'mon . 
 anyway , ms. dickens wore a very old-fashioned business suit and seemed about twenty years older than i suspected she really was . 
 she was a seventy-year-old woman trapped in a fifty-year-old 's body . 
 she said , `` i assure you , so am i . 
 the police have been called , of course . 
 and as far as they can tell it was an inside job . 
 the police , however , do n't seem to grasp the nature of the crime or the importance of the stolen artifact . 
 i fear that our case will be forgotten by the overworked santa ana police department . '' 
 i made sympathetic noises . 
 truth was , overworked police departments are what kept many private eyes in business . 
 had police departments been adequately staffed , i would have been relegated to doing background searches and cheating spouse cases . 
 background cases were fine , and were easy money , but i avoided cheating spouse cases at all costs . 
 i hated hearing the rotten cheating stories , and i hated being involved in the painful drama . 
 not to mention , i tended to want to strangle all the cheating men . 
 i wonder why ? 
 not to mention , i was a trained federal agent . 
 i was above cheating spouse cases ... unless , of course , i needed money . 
 anyway , i asked what had been stolen , since ms. dickens had been vague on the phone . 
 `` a single item , '' she answered . 
 `` a crystal egg sculpture from the harold van pelt collection . '' 
 harold van pelt , apparently , was a world-class gem photographer . 
 but what was n't so well-known was that he had become , over the course of 35 years , a master gemstone carver . 
 apparently , he had perfected the art of taking a solid block of quartz and turning it into hollowed vases or , in this case , a hollowed egg . 
 the wharton was the first museum to showcase his work . 
 `` the quartz is cut so paper thin and polished so perfectly that it is as clear as glass . 
 how he does it , i have no clue . '' 
 `` well , like they always say , just carve away anything that does n't look like a crystal egg , right ? '' 
 she stared at me . 
 `` i 'm sure there 's more to it than that , ms. moon . '' 
 i was fairly certain that if she had a ruler , she would have rapped my knuckles with it . 
 `` why do the police think this was an inside job ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they have n't said . '' 
 `` which makes sense , '' i said . 
 `` if it was an inside job . '' 
 ms. dickens tilted her head to one side . 
 `` are you implying that i 'm a suspect , ms. moon ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's much too soon for me to imply that , '' i said , smiling brightly . 
 not to mention i was n't getting a negative feel from ms. dickens ; meaning , she checked out clean to my sixth sense . 
 that is , if it was to be relied upon . 
 brightly or not , ms. dickens did n't like the direction this conversation was going . 
 i did n't , either , for that matter . 
 i needed the job and i needed her retainer check . 
 badly . 
 the last thing i needed to do was offend the lady . 
 there was always time to offend her later . 
 the curator unpursed her lips . 
 she was , after all , a reasonable woman . 
 or so i hoped . 
 she said , `` if this was an inside job , then i suppose everyone here is indeed a potential suspect . 
 me included . '' 
 `` some people are less suspect than others , '' i added . 
 `` you have a job to do , '' she said , which was encouraging . 
 `` and part of that job is getting answers . 
 i get it . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` well , you certainly seem capable , ms. moon . 
 i called your references . 
 in particular , your boss at hud . 
 earl , i believe his name was . 
 anyway , he assures me you are very professional and reliable . 
 i think he used the word spunky . '' 
 i had worked at hud for a number of years before my attack rendered me into something ... very different . 
 after the attack , i had been forced to quit my job and work the night shift as a private eye . 
 the transition from a federal investigator to a private investigator had been an easy one , although i missed the camaraderie of a partner and the massive resources of the federal government . 
 luckily , or perhaps , smartly , i retained my friendships with most people in the agency , and often they gave me access to their super-cool computers . 
 `` earl always thought highly of me , '' i said . 
 `` he also said you were forced to quit suddenly because of a rare skin disease . '' 
 she tilted her head down , studying me over her bifocals . 
 `` could you expand on that ? '' 
 `` it 's a rare disease that i have under control . 
 mostly , i have to stay out of the sun and away from mcdonald 's heating lamps . '' 
 `` i see some of that spunkiness coming through . '' 
 `` you caught me . '' 
 `` will your condition affect your performance ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am , although i tend to work nights , as we 've already discussed over the phone . '' 
 `` working nights is fine with us . 
 we do n't need any more distractions during the day . 
 and besides , the theft occurred at night , too . 
 maybe there 's something to that . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i said . 
 sheesh , everyone 's a detective . 
 `` is there a special crew that works the night shift ? '' 
 `` security crew , yes . 
 i will introduce you to some of them shortly . '' 
 ms. dickens paused and held my gaze . 
 `` i need to underline the importance of this investigation , ms. moon . 
 we are a respectable , although small , cultural museum . 
 we 've had everything from rare egyptian treasures to paintings by van gogh . 
 a theft like this could shatter our international image and keep the popular exhibits away . 
 ms. moon , the wharton museum is slowly making a name for itself as a world class cultural museum . 
 we need all the help we can get , and we will pay big if you can recover the crystal egg . '' 
 we discussed exactly how big , and it was all i could do to keep my mouth from dropping open . 
 we next discussed a retainer fee , and she paid it without blinking , writing me a company check . 
 the retainer fee would pay my mortgage for the next three months , and maybe a car payment or two . 
 things were looking up . 
 she gave me a quick tour and then we shook hands and i left the way i had come , passing more live exhibits of mankind in his natural working habitat . 
 or perhaps they were just offices and cubicles . 
 chapter sixteen i called mary lou and got the rundown . 
 anthony was awake and seemed to be holding steady . 
 no real progress , but no relapse either . 
 still , my gut churned . 
 when i thought about my son , i saw something dark around him . 
 the brightness and vitality that surrounded him was gone . 
 i desperately feared what that darkness could mean . 
 to get my thoughts off my son , i headed over to zov 's bistro in costa mesa , where i ordered a rare steak and a glass of white wine . 
 the upscale mediterranean restaurant was the epitome of hip , and i even noticed orange county 's bestselling writer sitting just a few tables down . 
 he looked serious . 
 maybe he was plotting his next thriller . 
 i wondered if he could sense that a real live vampire was sitting just a few tables away . 
 while i waited , i plunged into maddie 's police file , reading every note and witness statement . 
 i knew i should be with my son , and i would be soon , but for now there was a little girl missing , and she had made it very personal by calling me . 
 by calling me , even accidentally , she had assured herself of one thing : a private investigating psychic vampire mommy who was going to find her . 
 no matter what . 
 my food arrived quickly . 
 the nice thing about ordering steaks rare is that they do n't take long to cook . 
 and as i read from the folder , i discreetly used a spoon to slurp the blood that had pooled around the meat . 
 i also cut the meat up without actually eating it . 
 i scattered the chunks around my plate , hiding some under my salad . 
 i felt like a kid hiding her food . 
 the blood was wonderful and satisfied some of my craving , although i would need more later . 
 and when i had drained the meat dry , i moved on to the glass of white wine . 
 when the wine was done , i was done reading the police report , too . 
 granted , there was n't much to go on , but i had a few leads . 
 i paid my bill , glanced a final time at the writer - who was now openly staring at me - and left zov 's bistro . 
 i had a girl to find . 
 chapter seventeen i was driving down the 57 freeway when my cell rang . 
 i glanced down at it . 
 kingsley fulcrum , a one-time client of mine who had turned into something more than a client . 
 a few weeks ago we had been intimate , an experience that had rocked my world , and shortly after that i was reminded of what a scumbag he could be . 
 kingsley was a defense attorney . 
 a very high profile and rich defense attorney . 
 he got paid the big bucks to get people out of jail . 
 as far as i could tell , the man had no moral compass . 
 killer or not , if the price was right , he would do his damnedest to get you to walk . 
 did i still care for the big lug ? 
 yeah , i did . 
 did the thought of him in bed turn me on more than i cared to admit ? 
 sweet jesus , it did . 
 did the fact that he had shown up in my hotel room a week or so ago as a fully morphed werewolf , dripping blood and reeking of death , scare the shit out of me ? 
 hell , yeah . 
 i clicked on , resisting the urge to sing `` werewolves of london '' yet again . 
 when your boy is sick and you 're looking for a kidnapped girl , well , your humor is the first to go . 
 `` what , no ` werewolves of london ' ? 
 no ` arooo ' ? 
 you 're losing your touch , sam . '' 
 `` it 's not a good time , kingsley . '' 
 `` so serious . 
 okay , have it your way . 
 where will you be in about an hour ? '' 
 `` my best guess ? 
 in the face of some crackhead punk . '' 
 `` a shakedown . 
 sounds exciting . 
 tell me about it . '' 
 i did . 
 i also told him about my son . 
 `` yeah , you 've had a rough few days . 
 how 's your son now ? '' 
 `` sleeping last i heard . '' 
 `` but you 're still worried . '' 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 i paused , gathered my wits , and plunged on . 
 `` i see death around him , kingsley . '' 
 `` death ? '' 
 `` a blackness . 
 a coldness . 
 a sort of dark halo that surrounds his body . 
 i 'm totally freaked out . '' 
 kingsley was silent for a heartbeat or two . 
 `` he 'll be fine , sam . '' 
 but i heard it in his voice . 
 i heard the doubt . 
 `` you do n't believe that , '' i said . 
 tears suddenly blurred my eyes . 
 i was having a hard time keeping the van in the center of the lane . 
 `` and do n't deny it . '' 
 `` sam , i do n't know anything , okay ? 
 i 'm not psychic . 
 my kind are not traditionally psychic . '' 
 `` but my kind is ? '' 
 `` often . 
 and you seem to be growing more psychic by the day . '' 
 `` what do you know of the black halo ? 
 tell me . 
 please . '' 
 `` i know very little , sam . '' 
 a nearly overwhelming sense of panic gripped me . 
 `` but you know it 's not good . '' 
 `` i know nothing , sam . 
 look , now is not a good time to talk about this . 
 you 're driving . 
 you 're helping this little girl . 
 let 's meet for drinks later this week , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` good . 
 and sam ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i care about you deeply . 
 your family , too . 
 everything will be okay . 
 i promise . '' 
 i broke down , crying hard , and clicked off . 
 chapter eighteen i pulled up to a squalid house in buena park , about a mile north of knott 's berry farm . 
 i sat in my minivan for a few minutes and took in the scene . 
 apartments across the street . 
 a gang of hispanic males a block away to the west . 
 they were smoking and drinking and listening to music . 
 the music pumped from a four-door sedan whose front end was hydraulically propped up off the ground two or three feet . 
 the car looked ridiculous and cool at the same time . 
 i was n't sure which . 
 the gang ignored my van , which was probably a good idea . 
 the last time i had a run-in with a latino gang someone had died . 
 and gotten himself drained of blood , too . 
 the moon was obscured by a gauzy veil of clouds . 
 the street had a mean feel to it . 
 the area itself seemed malevolent , and i suspected this awareness was a result of my increased psychic abilities . 
 i sensed death on this street . 
 i sensed stabbings and robberies and harassment and fear . 
 i sensed drug deals and drugs deals gone bad . 
 i sensed a ramshackle attempt at organized crime . 
 i sensed killers and victims . 
 it was all here , infusing the air and the earth , the trees and the buildings . 
 a calling card of hate for anyone sensitive enough to feel it . 
 and i was sensitive enough . 
 perhaps too sensitive . 
 the feeling was overwhelming . 
 energy crackled crazily through the air , too - and now that i knew what to look for , i saw many vague spirits walking among the living . 
 murders victims mostly . 
 but some were lost souls , whose lives were taken by drug abuse or physical abuse . 
 it was into this environment of loss and despair and suffering that i stepped out of my minivan . 
 a low iron fence surrounded the property . 
 the gate was topped with rusted iron spikes . 
 the spikes were mostly rounded and probably would n't do much damage unless some fell from a great height . 
 the front gate was not locked and swung open on rusted hinges . 
 as i moved across the front yard , i felt eyes on me from across the street . 
 i had attracted the attention of the neighbors in the apartment building . 
 no doubt watching from one of the windows . 
 i stepped up onto the cement porch , which was cracked and flaked with peeling paint . 
 i paused a moment , getting a feel for the house . 
 someone was inside , i knew that much . 
 i could hear a tv on somewhere . 
 the house itself was drenched in so much tragedy that it was a beehive of bad vibes , depression and anything else negative . 
 more than anything , the house was the last known residence of lauren monk and her daughter maddie . 
 i shook my head . 
 what a place to raise a little girl . 
 granted , i doubted there was much `` raising '' going on here . 
 existing was more like it . 
 i knocked on the door loudly . 
 the door was made of metal and seemed better suited in a parking garage stairwell . 
 there were dents in the door , about waist high . 
 someone had tried to kick it in at some point . 
 maybe many points . 
 i looked around the metal frame . 
 as far as i could tell , they were n't successful . 
 the door and frame had held firm . 
 the tv continued to blare . 
 a distant siren wailed behind me . 
 down the street someone laughed and others followed suit . 
 i knocked again , and again . 
 no response . 
 i stepped back , lifted my foot , and kicked the door in . 
 chapter nineteen the door swung violently back , slamming hard into the wall behind it , so hard that the doorknob punctured the drywall . 
 it stayed open like that as i stepped in . 
 unless someone was brandishing a stake or silver-tipped arrows , i was n't too concerned about what was waiting for me on the other side . 
 sure , a bullet to the chest probably would hurt like hell , and no doubt ruin my blouse , but gone are the days where i worried much about my own physical safety . 
 i found myself standing in a living room . 
 or a toxic bio-hazard . 
 take your pick . 
 the long clump of trash to my right was probably a couch . 
 the rectangular clump in front of it was probably a coffee table . 
 everything from shopping bags to clothing to pizza boxes were everywhere . 
 including used heroin needles . 
 everywhere . 
 hundreds of them . 
 i stepped over broken glass and empty beer cans and a mcdonald 's happy meal . 
 i moved through the living room and into a kitchen that had n't been used as a kitchen in some time . 
 instead , it was being used as a meth lab . 
 there were bottles and jars with rubber tubing . 
 there were stripped-down lithium batteries piled on tables . 
 paint thinner and starter fluid containers lined the floors . 
 empty packets of cold tablets , no doubt containing pseudoephedrine , were piled on the tables and counters . 
 also on the tables were jars containing clear liquid with red and white bottom layers . 
 ether and ammonia wafted from them . 
 propane tanks were everywhere . 
 okay , the propane tanks made me a little nervous . 
 there was a strong smell of something else . 
 and it was coming from the next room . 
 i knew that smell . 
 any cop or agent would know that smell . 
 i moved through the kitchen and down a short hallway . 
 i had sensed someone else in the house , but what i had not sensed was whether or not that someone was alive or dead . 
 at the far end of the hallway , in a room to the right , a tv was on and a man wearing boxer shorts was lying face down in a pool of blood . 
 in death , he had made an unholy mess of himself , but that did not stop me from checking him out . 
 i rolled him over . 
 blood stained the mattress . 
 probably all the way through and to the bed springs below . 
 i counted five shots to the chest . 
 i wrinkled my nose , although wrinkling did little against what was wafting up from him . 
 i did a quick examination . 
 white male in his early fifties . 
 dead for less than 24-hours , give or take a half a day . 
 heavy set . 
 no indication of a fight . 
 the body already in full rigor mortis . 
 face bright crimson where the blood had settled like oil at the bottom of an oil pan . 
 i eased him back down . 
 years ago such a scene might have turned my stomach . 
 i might have picked a quiet spot behind the house to vomit , careful not to disrupt a crime scene . 
 now , not so much . 
 i had seen many dead bodies in my time , certainly , but there was something else going on . 
 something that worried me . 
 i should care more about death , about the loss of life . 
 but i did n't . 
 death no longer bothered me . 
 did n't phase me . 
 i felt no emotion or concern or anything . 
 it was just death . 
 the natural order of things . 
 i was n't always this way , but something had changed inside of me , and i think i knew what that something was . 
 i was becoming less human ... and that scared the shit out of me . 
 i spent the next twenty minutes carefully picking through the house , looking for any clues that might help me find little maddie , but nothing stood out . 
 no rolodexes filled with the names of drug kingpins . 
 no computers or laptops . 
 no cell phones . 
 nothing that seemed to indicate that a little girl had ever lived here . 
 nothing , that is , except for the happy meal box . 
 i pulled out my cell phone and called detective sherbet . 
 chapter twenty i spent the next two hours with detective sherbet and detective hanner . 
 i gave them my statement , stood back and watched the preliminary crime scene investigation , and when all the fuss was over , i headed over to heroes in fullerton , where fang worked . 
 as i walked up to heroes ' single door , a door which always somehow seemed to be slightly cracked open , i ran a hand through my thick hair and fought a sudden wave of nerves . 
 i adjusted and readjusted my light leather jacket . 
 it was just after 1:00 a.m. when i stepped inside the bar . 
 heroes is filled with a lot of wooden beams and colums . 
 the floor creaks when you walk across it , and more often than not , you will find a pool of spilled beer somewhere nearby , reflecting the muted track lighting above . 
 aaron parker , aka eli something or other , aka the american vampire , aka fang , was tending bar alone tonight . 
 he was chatting with two guys in flannel shirts when he looked up and caught my eye . 
 he smiled broadly . 
 it was the same look he had always given me since being hired here months ago . 
 since stalking me and taking this job . 
 i must have mentioned in one of my ims to him that my sister frequented heroes . 
 initially , i had thought i would be more careful than that , but i had let my guard down with fang . 
 and he had not only found out who i was , but had gotten a job at the very bar i frequented with my sister . 
 creepy . 
 and well , sweet , too . 
 aaron parker was clearly a nut . 
 that much was certain . 
 he was also a killer . 
 but , more than anything , he was fang . 
 my fang . 
 maybe we 're all nuts . 
 i saw now the hint of longing in his eyes . 
 saw the deep concern for me . 
 perhaps it was love . 
 i never noticed it before . 
 or , if i did , i had n't given it much attention . 
 i had been a married woman until recently . 
 besides , maybe i thought he had been hamming it up for an extra big tip . 
 but i saw him differently now . 
 in a new light , so to speak . 
 the attention , the intent behind his gaze ... all of it was for me . 
 i took in a small , sharp breath . 
 he smiled and unconsciously pulled back his upper lip . 
 in that moment , in this lighting , i had a brief flashback to the disturbed teenage boy who seemed to relish pulling back his upper lip in the courtroom , the boy whose fanged smile had made front page headlines across the country . 
 that boy was a man now . 
 and although he had some plastic surgery , appeared to have grown a foot or more and was sporting a beard , there was enough similarity to give me pause . 
 he 's a killer , i thought . 
 a murderer . 
 the tormented young man had grown into something beautiful , but that made him no less tormented or sick . 
 i had not known fang to be sick . 
 obsessive , certainly . 
 but his advice had always been spot on , and his caring for me had been genuine . 
 or , at least , seemed genuine . 
 and his smile - that sexy , slightly awkward smile - seemed genuine , too . 
 i walked up to the bar just as he reached for a bottle of white wine . 
 `` hello sam , '' he said easily . 
 the massive teeth that dangled from the leather strap around his neck clanked together with the sound of two thick beer mugs toasting . 
 clearly the rest of the world thought these were shark teeth . 
 or perhaps some other creature . 
 barracuda ? 
 sasquatch ? 
 `` hello eli , '' i said , using his official name , although i sat at the far end of the mostly empty bar . 
 `` we are so formal tonight , '' he said . 
 `` we are still in shock from last night . '' 
 `` we are ? '' 
 `` oh yes , '' i said . 
 `` you never expected me to be so dashingly handsome , perhaps ? '' 
 `` i did n't expect you to be a renowned fugitive . '' 
 he calmly cleaned a shot glass , as if he was just another bartender . 
 `` and does that bother you ? '' 
 `` that you 're a wanted man ? 
 that i 'm cavorting with a known criminal ? '' 
 `` cavorting ? '' 
 `` it 's a word , '' i said . 
 he grinned easily and leaned across the counter , putting most of his weight on his palms . 
 his two teeth hung freely from his neck like pale corpses twisting in the wind . 
 `` it 's kind of a sexy word . '' 
 i looked away . 
 i would have blushed if i could have . 
 `` i think you 're taking it out of context . '' 
 `` i prefer my context . '' 
 `` are you quite done ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i thought we were just friends . '' 
 `` just friends ? 
 after that kiss last night ? '' 
 `` that kiss was your idea . '' 
 `` i seem to recall you enthusiastically participating . '' 
 `` can we change the subject ? '' 
 i said . 
 he grinned broadly . 
 `` sure . 
 whatever would you like to talk about , my lady ? '' 
 i shrugged and sipped the white wine . 
 wine has no effect on me , but it 's one of the few things , outside of hemoglobin , that i can drink like a regular person . 
 red wine not so much . 
 red wines contain tannins that upset my stomach . 
 for someone who is supposedly immortal , my digestive system is hyper-sensitive . 
 i said , `` i just want to talk to a friend . '' 
 `` you know i 'm your friend , moon dance . '' 
 `` i like when you call me moon dance . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i read your epic ims this morning when i woke up . 
 truth be known , i like it when you call me fang , too . '' 
 `` fang and moon dance , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` we 're weird . '' 
 `` more than anyone could possibly know . '' 
 he glanced around his mostly empty bar as any good bartender would , saw that his few patrons were content , and looked back at me . 
 `` sorry i missed your ims last night . 
 i crashed as soon as i got home . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 it was late . '' 
 `` it 's difficult to keep up with your schedule , you know . '' 
 i laughed and set down the worthless wine . 
 who was i kidding ? 
 i was n't normal ? 
 why was i so concerned about looking normal ? 
 fang reached out and touched the back of my hand . 
 his warm touch sent a shockwave of shivers up my arms and down my back . 
 `` you know , '' he said , `` there is a way that you and i could have the same schedule . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i said , curious . 
 `` would i need to get a second job here as a barback ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant , moon dance . '' 
 he continued touching me . 
 his thumb lightly stroked the back of my hand . 
 his fingers slipped under and caressed my palm . 
 i shivered . 
 fang was n't looking at me . 
 i sensed his hesitation , and i sensed his insane desire . 
 now fang turned to me and our eyes met and i found myself looking deep into another person 's soul for the first time in my life . 
 everything opened up to me . 
 all his secrets . 
 all his desires . 
 all his wants and needs and hopes and dreams . 
 and cravings . 
 i gasped . 
 fang gave me a lopsided smile . 
 `` yes , moon dance , '' he said . 
 `` make me a vampire . '' 
 chapter twenty-one it had been a long night . 
 when i got home , i discovered that everyone was sleeping in my bed , including little anthony . 
 i stood in the doorway of my bedroom , taking the scene in : tammy on her back and snoring lightly . 
 my sister in the middle and lying on her side with her palm resting lightly on anthony 's back . 
 a beautiful blue glow surrounded my daughter . 
 the blue glow was interlaced with swatches of gold . 
 the aura around my sister was a powerful orange , a contented color , a peaceful color . 
 there was no color around my son . 
 there was only a deep blackness . 
 it was as if he did n't exist at all . 
 the light energy around him seemed to enter that black field and disappear . 
 like a black hole . 
 i rubbed my eyes and fought my tears . 
 i slipped into some sweats and a tank top and slid into bed next to anthony . 
 i , too , rested my palm on his back . 
 his burning back . 
 * * * i lay like that for a long time , waiting for the sun to rise , and when it did , i was out to the world . 
 some hours later , i was awakened by my ringing cell phone . 
 generally , my ringing cell phone does n't awaken me . 
 but in the darkness of my deep sleep , a sleep where i seriously suspected i lay in a state of suspended animation somewhere between life and death - i had heard a shouting . 
 someone , somewhere had shouted my name . 
 it had been shocking enough to awaken me from my coma-like sleep . 
 half-dead , i snatched the ringing phone off the nightstand and flipped it open , barely aware that it had said `` caller unknown '' on the faceplate . 
 my son , i saw , was lying next to me ... in a pool of sweat . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said , instinctively reaching for my son and feeling his forehead . 
 burning up . 
 my heart skipped-hopped in my chest . 
 panic raced through me . 
 `` hi , '' said a tiny and familiar voice . 
 but i was too distracted with my son for the voice to fully register . 
 two seconds later , the voice sank in , and i snapped my head around as if someone had spoken next to me , rather than through my phone line . 
 `` maddie ! '' 
 i gasped , practically squealing . 
 `` hi , '' she said again . 
 her voice , if anything , sounded even smaller and fainter . 
 i had an image of her covering her mouth as she spoke . 
 this image came to me with crystal clarity and i suspected it was a psychic hit . 
 takes awhile to believe such hits are accurate ... until you see enough evidence . 
 i 've seen the evidence now . 
 at that moment , a text message appeared on my phone . 
 the call tracing had worked . 
 a phone number was waiting for me . 
 maddie 's number . 
 `` maddie , '' i gasped , trying to control myself . 
 `` please , honey , can you tell me the name of the person you 're with ? '' 
 `` he 's the bad man . '' 
 `` do you know his name , angel ? '' 
 i saw her shaking her head in my mind 's eye . 
 she did n't answer me , but i knew her answer : no , she did n't know . 
 `` honey , what does he look like ? '' 
 `` he shot my mommy . 
 he kilt her dead . '' 
 `` i know , baby . 
 please can you tell me what he looks like ? '' 
 `` old . '' 
 old to a five year old could be anything from nineteen to ninety . 
 `` does he have gray hair ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` no hair ? '' 
 `` no hair , '' she said . 
 `` he eats too much . '' 
 `` good , honey . 
 good . 
 is he fat ? 
 does he have a big belly ? '' 
 i sensed her nodding but she did n't answer . 
 i also sensed that she did n't completely understand that i could n't see her nod , that she thought she had answered my question . 
 i had a fabulous connection with this little girl . 
 almost an immediate one , perhaps born of desperation . 
 i had an idea . 
 `` honey , '' i said , `` close your eyes . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` please , just close your eyes . '' 
 there was a sound from somewhere and in my mind 's eye i saw the little girl 's head jerk up . 
 someone was coming . 
 `` please , honey , just close your eyes . '' 
 `` the bad man is coming . '' 
 `` close them for one second . '' 
 `` he 's going to hurted me again . '' 
 `` please honey . 
 please . 
 do it for me . 
 one time . '' 
 and she did . 
 i knew she did , because i was instantly given a deeper access to her mind and memories and i saw an image of a room . 
 a nice room . 
 no , a beautiful room . 
 a house ? 
 condo ? 
 apartment ? 
 i was having a hard time placing the interior . 
 whatever it was , it was epic . 
 where the hell was she ? 
 i did n't know . 
 through her window i saw something glittering brightly on the hillside . 
 a desert hillside . 
 i saw something else . 
 a black man . 
 a bald black with an enormous stomach . 
 he was standing over her and doing things that would be the death of him . 
 `` he 's coming ! '' 
 she whispered over the phone , snapping me out of her my reverie and out of her own memories . 
 `` okay , angel . 
 okay . 
 thank you , baby . '' 
 i was crying now , but she would never know it . 
 `` be strong , maddie , for me , okay ? '' 
 `` i scared . '' 
 `` be strong , angel . 
 i 'm coming for you soon . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said , `` i strong . '' 
 i sensed a great presence near her , coming from somewhere behind her , and now her fear knew no end . 
 as if my own , i felt her heart race faster than i had ever felt a heart race before . 
 `` go ! '' 
 i said . 
 `` go ! '' 
 next i heard a scraping sound , perhaps her hand moving over the mouthpiece , and what she said next broke me into a million little pieces . 
 she whispered : `` i love you . '' 
 and then she hung up . 
 chapter twenty-two i was at the urgent care again . 
 it was late afternoon and i was determined to get my son some help . 
 no , i 'd be damned if i was n't going to get him some help . 
 the gut-wrenching call from maddie had sent me into a panicked frenzy with my own son . 
 as soon as i had hung up with her , as soon as i stopped hearing her precocious little voice telling me she loved me , i traced the call . 
 nothing was coming up . 
 i called my ex-partner , chad , and he ran the number through the agency 's database . 
 the news was grim : the phone number belonged to an unregistered , throw-away cell phone . 
 shit . 
 next , i threw on my clothes and sunscreen , picked up my boy , and hit the road . 
 he barely stirred in my arms or in the van . 
 it was still hours before i had to pick up tammy . 
 in the waiting room , with anthony in my arms , i texted danny and caught him up to date on the situation , asking him to pick tammy up for me . 
 his reply was immediate and curt : `` meetings all day ; update me on anthony asap . '' 
 yes , he actually used a semi-colon . 
 the piece of shit had enough time to find the semi-colon button but not enough time to help me . 
 my reply was equally curt : `` thanks for the help , asshole ; ; ; ; ; '' yes , complete with five semi-colons in a row . 
 childish , certainly , but i did n't care . 
 i needed help . 
 i did n't need semi-colons . 
 the asshole . 
 i replayed maddie 's words again and again . 
 as i did so , i rocked my son in my arms . 
 it was mid-day and i felt weak and agitated and vulnerable . 
 but even at my weakest , i was still stronger than i had any right to be . 
 the black man was bald . 
 he was in his fifties . 
 i saw him from maddie 's perspective , from her eyes . 
 he was a big man . 
 often sweating . 
 odor wafted from his body . 
 i blocked some of the other images i had seen . 
 i did n't need to dwell on those . 
 those images would tear my heart out . 
 i locked them away as best as i could . 
 but not his face . 
 no . 
 i would never forget his face . 
 i 'm coming for you , asshole , i thought . 
 i had a strong connection to maddie . 
 perhaps it was a connection out of necessity . 
 amazingly , her phone call had roused me from the deepest of sleeps . 
 trust me , no easy feat . 
 that connection , i was certain , would lead me to her . 
 eventually . 
 sooner rather than later . 
 my son stirred in my arms , moaning slightly , and then nuzzled deeper into the crook of my neck . 
 where was that fucking doctor ? 
 i have n't been sick in six years , except if you count the overwhelming fatigue i feel before the sun goes down . 
 vampire fatigue syndrome . 
 whatever . 
 anyway , i suspected i would never get sick again . 
 i could n't say the same for my kids . 
 anthony wriggled in my arms and leaned back . 
 he turned his sweating face toward me , opened his eyes . 
 `` mommy ? '' 
 he croaked . 
 the instant he said the word i heard another little voice in my head say something similar : `` he kilt my mommy dead . '' 
 `` hey , baby , '' i said . 
 i did my best to ignore the black halo around his angelic face . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` at the doctors , honey . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i do n't feel very good . '' 
 `` i know , baby doll . '' 
 he continued staring at me even while i looked ahead and tried to be strong . 
 he was so hot . 
 i started rocking him slightly . 
 i could feel the tears on my cheeks . 
 `` mommy ? '' 
 `` yes , sweetie ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na die . '' 
 i stopped rocking and snapped my head down . 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 `` i dream that i go to heaven . 
 i always dream it now . 
 and he 's waiting for me . '' 
 i think my heart stopped . 
 `` who 's waiting for you ? '' 
 anthony actually smiled and reached up and touched my face . 
 `` you know , mommy . '' 
 i was crying now . 
 openly crying and i could n't stop myself . 
 no , i did n't know who . 
 god ? 
 jesus ? 
 krishna ? 
 who was waiting for my son ? 
 what was happening ? 
 `` do n't cry , mommy , '' he said . 
 `` he told me to be brave . 
 he told me to be brave for you . '' 
 he touched my cheek gently and i realized he was wiping away my tears . 
 `` i 'm being brave for you , mommy . '' 
 i pulled him into me and rocked faster and faster , and as i rocked , words tumbled out of me uncontrollably : `` you 're not dying . 
 you 're not dying . 
 you 're not dying ... '' chapter twenty-three the visit to the urgent care turned into something more than a visit . 
 my son 's fever was climbing . 
 the doctor there examined my son 's stomach and thyroid glands . 
 he did n't like what he was seeing . 
 i did n't either . 
 my son had a rash on his belly that i had missed and his thyroid was swollen many millimeters . 
 blood samples were taken . 
 my son never blinked when he was pricked with the many needles . 
 i impassively watched his blood being drawn . 
 the doctor left and i sat holding my son , who seemed to dose off and on . 
 i rocked him gently and discovered i was humming a song to myself . 
 i fought to remain calm but i could n't . 
 my lower jaw was shaking nearly uncontrollably . 
 i had never felt so damned cold in my life , even while i held my burning son . 
 i rocked and hummed and prayed . 
 the tears came without saying . 
 an hour later , my son woke up laughing . 
 startled , i asked him what he was laughing about , and he told me that jesus had told him a funny joke . 
 he giggled again and went back to sleep . 
 i continued rocking . 
 the doctor came back . 
 he had arranged for a bed at st. jude children 's research hospital in orange , which is where i now found myself an hour later . 
 the doctor who met me at the hospital smiled warmly and held my cold hands with a look of utter fascination . 
 what he made of my cold hands , i did n't know or care . 
 he did not ask me about them , which was a relief . 
 he was the pediatric infectious disease specialist and just hearing those words alone nearly sent me into hysterics . 
 he did his best to calm me down , emphasizing that many more tests still needed to be done , but as of right now it was too soon to tell what was going on with my son . 
 for now , they were waiting for the blood test results , which they would have in a few hours . 
 once the blood tests were in , he would know which tests were needed next . 
 one step at a time . 
 detective work , really . 
 looking for clues , following up on hunches . 
 following the evidence . 
 now i was alone with my son while he slept fitfully , looking so damn tiny in his bed . 
 just a small mound of dark hair and chubby red cheeks . 
 hard as it was to do , i briefly left his side to go outside and make all the phone calls and text messages i needed to make . 
 my sister assured me she would pick up my daughter . 
 my ex-husband never called back . 
 neither did kingsley . 
 back in my son 's room , i sat on the edge of his bed and held his left hand . 
 the curtains were drawn and the lights were low . 
 we had a room to ourselves , which was just as well , because i could n't stop crying . 
 the black halo that surrounded his body seemed to have grown a few millimeters as well . 
 i did n't know much about the spirit world , but i was certain that i knew what i was seeing . 
 his soul was leaving . 
 or perhaps it was already gone . 
 no , i thought . 
 i refused to believe that . 
 he was just sick . 
 very sick . 
 i am looking at the aura of a sick boy , that is all . 
 a very sick boy . 
 my sick boy . 
 shit . 
 the light particles that flitted through the room , swirling and flashing and illuminating the air , disappeared completely into his aura . 
 my hand , which glowed silverish to my own eyes , seemed to disappear into the blackness , as well . 
 it was as if i had plunged my hand into freshly turned soil . 
 graveyard soil . 
 i sat like that until the blood tests came back , miserable and borderline hysterical . 
 the doctor returned and talked about normocytic anemia and thrombocytosis and blood count . 
 he discussed something called an erythrocyte sedimentation rate and c-reactive protein levels being elevated . 
 none of it sounded good to me . 
 as he spoke , the doctor bit his lip a lot and looked grave and i sensed from him extreme concern and even alarm . 
 he next ordered liver function tests , an electrocardiogram , an echocardiogram , an ultrasound and a urinalysis . 
 and while they poked and prodded my son , my ex-husband danny appeared in the doorway of the hospital room . 
 chapter twenty-four he blinked , taking in the scene . 
 it was quite a scene . 
 three nurses and two doctors , all swarming around my son , who appeared to doze in and out of sleep . 
 or in and out of consciousness . 
 in our separation , danny had proven to be particularly vindictive and mean-spirited . 
 unless , of course , you saw things from his point of view . 
 admittedly , very few people on the face of this earth would ever find themselves in his peculiar position . 
 his once mostly happy household had been turned upside down . 
 his wife of five years -lrb- which was how long we had been married prior to my attack -rrb- was suddenly not the person he had wed. . . 
 and for the next six years danny did n't handle things very well . 
 yes , eleven years of marriage down the drain . 
 would it have taken a special man to be strong and stay by my side ? 
 certainly . 
 it also would have taken true love , too . 
 that was , perhaps , the hardest realization of all . 
 that my husband did n't love me enough to be there for me . 
 so , yes , if you saw things from his point of view then perhaps some of his actions began to make sense . 
 some . 
 the cheating part was unforgivable . 
 call me what you want , but i did n't deserve that . 
 next , he had fought for sole custody of the children . 
 he believed i could hurt them . 
 that if i was desperate enough , or hungry enough , i might feed on my own children . 
 insanity , of course . 
 if i was desperate enough or hungry enough , my neighbor 's yipping chihuahua would suddenly go missing . 
 fighting for the well-being of our children was admirable enough on danny 's part , although there was no basis for it . 
 i had never once exhibited any lack of control . 
 my children received nothing but love from me . 
 i suspected he was doing it out of spite . 
 to purposefully hurt me . 
 danny was n't a bad father . 
 sure , he worked too much and often missed out on anything that had to do with school and sports , but he made up for it the best way he could . 
 often he read to them at night . 
 as i worked in my office , i would listen to him patiently explain the meanings of words and help his son and daughter pronounce them . 
 often i would hear little anthony giggle at curious george or tammy beg him to read one more page of twilight . 
 -lrb- ironic , i know . -rrb- 
 he spoke gently to each of them , sometimes so quietly that i never knew what he told them . 
 i always wondered what they talked about , but i never wanted to ask . 
 it seemed so personal . 
 just a son and a father , or a daughter and her father , exchanging sweet moments meant only for each other . 
 we 'd gotten along like this for many years , living in quiet desperation , our kids content enough , but our marriage collapsing . 
 i would have continued living like this forever . 
 i was a monster and danny seemed to at least accept me . 
 but it all came to a crashing end months ago when i had caught him cheating . 
 danny still stood in the doorway , unsure what to do . 
 his tie was still pushed up against his adam 's apple , and he looked pale and worried . 
 he was still wearing his nice italian suit . 
 danny rarely wore his nice suits , so he must have been in court today . 
 an injury attorney , danny hated going to court . 
 injury attorneys prefer to settle over the phone . 
 they like easy , cut-and-dried cases . 
 anyway , if he had been in court , that might explain why he had been so short over the phone . 
 he finally spotted me in the far corner of the room , where i had sat while the doctors and nurses swarmed over my son . 
 a few long strides later and he was sitting in the spare seat next to me , where he surprised the hell out of me by leaning over and giving me a small hug . 
 i did n't hug him back . 
 `` how is he , sam ? '' 
 i started to tell him what i knew , but only about six coherent words came out . 
 i broke down completely , sobbing hard into my hands , and i was slightly less surprised when danny reached over again and pulled me into his shoulder . 
 chapter twenty-five we were sitting side by side at the foot of my son 's hospital bed . 
 it was after hours , although `` after hours '' did n't mean much in a children 's hospital intensive-care unit , since parents or guardians are usually permitted to stay with their children overnight . 
 we had been sitting there quietly for some time before i realized danny had been holding my hand . 
 i gently pulled it away , shocked and surprised all over again . 
 danny had n't held my hand in six years . 
 and if he did happen to touch me , it was always immediately followed by a visible shudder . 
 he was n't shuddering now . 
 why , i do n't know , and i certainly did n't care . 
 danny was the least of my concerns . 
 anthony was breathing lightly on his own . 
 occasionally his aura would flash yellow , but mostly it was a deep black . 
 interestingly , bigger flashes of light seemed to hover over his body , and then scuttle away again like frightened fish . 
 i sensed these could be other entities . 
 but i was n't sure . 
 how could i be sure ? 
 i did n't know what the hell was going on with myself half the time . 
 another curious glob of light come over him , hovering briefly over his head , and then seemed to dart around my son almost hectically . 
 no , not hectically . 
 playfully . 
 it was the spirit of a child , i realized . 
 and i was suddenly certain this child had died in this hospital . 
 a ghost child . 
 trying to play with my son . 
 i took in a lot of air but the sound was strangled and danny glanced sharply over at me . 
 he did n't seem to know what to do with his hand now that i had removed it from his . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing , '' i said . 
 i had long ago learned not to share my supernatural experiences with danny . 
 such experiences served only to freak him out and distance him even further . 
 now , i just did n't care to share anything with him . 
 as i watched the amorphous light zigzag over my son 's inert body , i thought of another child . 
 a girl who was being held prisoner by god knows who . 
 a girl who was alone and scared and probably hurt . 
 i looked at danny . 
 `` will you stay with anthony ? '' 
 my ex-husband blinked , and then his eyes narrowed . 
 `` of course . 
 are you going somewhere ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want to talk to you about something , sam , '' he said , and i heard , amazingly , desperation and a hint of something else in his voice . 
 what that hint was , i refused to believe . 
 `` can it wait ? '' 
 he almost reached out for my hand again , but stopped . 
 i noticed a subtle ripple of revulsion pass through him , but he fought through it . 
 `` yes , it can . 
 when will you be back ? '' 
 i stood and grabbed my purse . 
 i looked at my sleeping son . 
 i looked at the impenetrable black halo that surrounded him . 
 i decided against sharing any information with danny , especially about the black halo . 
 i also did n't want to talk about the phone call with little maddie . 
 danny had lost his intimacy privilege long ago , and was nowhere near my inner circle . 
 i said , `` i might be out all night . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'll be here . 
 you have work to do . 
 anthony is n't going anywhere . 
 are you working a case ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` an important case ? '' 
 `` very . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` i 'll be here all night . 
 i took half the day off tomorrow , too . '' 
 he motioned to the nearby , partially open window which showed a sliver of silver-tipped clouds in the night sky . 
 `` probably would n't be a good idea to have you sleeping here in the morning , right ? 
 might raise a few suspicions . '' 
 i fought through my own shock and surprise of danny showing an ounce of consideration . 
 i said , `` i 'll try to make it back as soon as i can . 
 call me if anything comes up . '' 
 he nodded , and almost reached for me . 
 i shrank back . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` out , '' i said , and left . 
 chapter twenty-six mcdonald 's was hopping . 
 the smell of french fries hung heavy in the air . 
 i had n't eaten a french fry in over a half a decade . 
 i wondered if they still tasted perfect . 
 a creepy , life-sized , cardboard clown grinned at me from a far corner . 
 outside , shoeless children swarmed over the mother of all jungle gyms . 
 a half-masticated chicken nugget sat under a nearby plastic booth . 
 and hanging from the ceiling above the counter was a video surveillance camera . 
 bingo . 
 according to my google map search , this was the closest mcdonald 's to maddie 's last known address - the same address where i had found the working meth lab and the not-so-working dead man . 
 i headed over to the counter , where a teenage hispanic girl smiled at me blankly from behind a cash register . 
 instead of ordering , i asked to see the mcmanager . 
 * * * now i was sitting in the mcdonald manager 's office . 
 it was n't much of an office . 
 it was just a desk at one end of a narrow room . 
 at the other end was the employee 's time clock and the drive-thru window . 
 `` we have to make this quick , '' he said . 
 he was a very short , oddly shaped man with a bad limp . 
 so bad , in fact , that i think his right leg might have been a prosthetic . 
 `` or the clown gets pissed , '' i said . 
 he grinned . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 he did n't bother introducing himself . 
 i guess when you 're wearing name tags , introducing yourself is redundant . 
 anyway , according to his shiny black and silver tag , his name was bill , and he was the general manager . 
 he listened to my story attentively . 
 as he listened , he leaned a little to the right . 
 he seemed to be mildly in pain . 
 i would be , too , if i was sitting on half an ass . 
 i concluded my story with my request to view the surveillance video . 
 `` and you 're working with the police ? '' 
 i gave him detective hanner 's card . 
 `` call her if you 'd like . '' 
 he took it from me , studied it . 
 `` i 'll do that . 
 but i 'll have to get approval from my district manager before i release the surveillance video . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` it 's not that i do n't want to help you . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` we just have procedure . '' 
 `` of course you do . '' 
 `` awe , fuck it . 
 there 's a missing girl . 
 hang on , and i 'll get you set up in here . 
 i 'm not exactly sure how to run some of these electronic gizmos , though . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty handy with electronic gizmos . '' 
 `` of course you are . 
 a regular james bond . '' 
 `` minus the babes and the goofy english accent . '' 
 he grinned again . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 he got up and limped out of the office . 
 as i waited for him to return , i thought of my son and the black aura , and a crushing despair unlike anything i had ever felt took hold of me right there . 
 all thought escaped me . 
 rational thought , that is . 
 i had an image of myself grabbing him and jumping through the hospital window . 
 of me running off into the night with my son in my arms . 
 where i would go , i did n't know , but i had an image of us together , somewhere , alone , while i willed him to perfect health . 
 the image was strong . 
 the image was real , and i wondered if it was perhaps precognitive . 
 could i now see into the future ? 
 i did n't know , but more than likely it was just an image of a helpless mother doing something , anything , to help her sick son . 
 bill came back with a remote control and a small three-ring binder . 
 he sat back at his desk , easing himself down slowly . 
 as he did so , gasping and wincing , a wrecked motorcycle briefly flashed before me . 
 i saw it steaming and twisted on the asphalt . 
 `` you were in a motorcycle accident , '' i said suddenly and without thinking . 
 bill snapped his head up . 
 he had been flipping through the binder . 
 now his hand paused in mid-flip . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 i could have pointed to the harley-davidson picture frame or the harley-davidson coffee mug , both of which were sitting on his desk . 
 i could have told him that it had been a lucky conjecture . 
 but i did n't . 
 i was too mentally exhausted for lies and half-truths . 
 `` i had a vision of you crashing . 
 i saw the twisted wreck of your bike . 
 i saw the twisted wreck of your leg . '' 
 he continued looking at me , and then finally nodded . 
 `` yeah , i crashed it . 
 took a right turn too wide . 
 head on into a minivan . 
 how i 'm alive to this day , i have no clue . '' 
 `` you still ride , though , '' i said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's the only thing that keeps me sane . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` lucky guess . '' 
 `` you 're a freaky lady . '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 `` and this little girl , '' he said . 
 `` she was here . '' 
 i said . 
 `` i know it . '' 
 `` there 's a lot of tape here . 
 i was just looking through the instructions on how to - '' `` video surveillance 101 , '' i said . 
 `` i can manage . '' 
 he pushed the folder over to me . 
 `` here 's the passwords to access the program . 
 it 's all stored on remote hard drives , but we can access it from here , and elsewhere , too . 
 we have a lot of shit that goes down in our parking lots . 
 cops are always here checking out our video feeds . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` do you know what day she was here ? '' 
 `` no clue . '' 
 `` do you know what the girl looks like ? '' 
 `` no clue . '' 
 `` do you know what the bad guys look like ? '' 
 `` i have an idea , '' i said , thinking of the big black man in maddie 's memory . 
 `` i do have a picture of the mother . '' 
 `` it 's a start , '' he said . 
 the strong smell of french fries seemed to eddy in his back office . 
 i said , `` you ever get sick of the smell of french fries ? '' 
 `` honestly ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it turns my stomach . '' 
 chapter twenty-seven the surveillance program was one i was familiar with . 
 the images recorded were stored on a cisco video surveillance storage system , which permitted the authorized user , yours truly , to access any point in time over the past five years . 
 so where to begin ? 
 admittedly , using my apparently increasing psychic powers could help here , but i was n't sure how to harness such extrasensory perceptions to an actual date . 
 maybe someday i would get to the point where if i sat quietly enough , an actual date would just appear in my thoughts . 
 i was n't quite there yet , and i somehow doubted my gifts could be that accurate . 
 so i went about this as any investigator would . 
 deduction , deduction , deduction . 
 according to official accounts , madison and her mother had gone missing about three months ago . 
 according to bill , the `` my little pony '' happy meal theme had concluded nearly four months ago . 
 those timelines nearly coincided . 
 i removed the police file from my handbag , opened it , and looked again at the only picture of maddie 's mother on record . 
 the woman was probably twenty-two but she looked fifty . 
 she also looked like a typical user : skeletal , pallid , lost . 
 meth eats away at the brain like a tapeworm from undercooked pork , and the results are typically the same : extreme paranoia , loss of motor control , and a disinterest in anything that is n't meth . 
 even your kids . 
 the woman in the picture - a mug shot taken of her years before - would n't have cared about her daughter 's health . 
 or anyone 's health . 
 she cared only for getting high and it had gotten her killed . 
 and put her daughter in harm 's way . 
 i decided i would start four months ago and work my way forward . 
 and that 's exactly what i did for the next five hours . 
 going through day after day , studying the faces of anyone who was towing a child with them . 
 the camera was a good one , and it was set up behind the counter , looking over the employee 's shoulder . 
 there were only three active cash registers and the wide-lensed camera was able to capture the faces of any and everyone who walked up to the counter . 
 little kids tended to disappear below the counter , but i generally had a good view of any kids approaching the registers . 
 not that it mattered since i had no clue what maddie looked like anyway . 
 i 'll know her when i see her , i thought . 
 or so i hoped . 
 as i went through the days and fast-forwarding only to promising targets , i thought about my son , danny , fang and kingsley . 
 the men in my life . 
 my thoughts lingered on kingsley and something pulled at me . 
 something important . 
 what was it ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 something he had said perhaps . 
 something that had been important , or could be important . 
 whatever it was , it got my heart racing . 
 i would think about it later , whatever it was . 
 days and weeks passed . 
 i paused often and studied faces . 
 there were a few possibilities that made me sit up and take notice . 
 but upon further view , the woman/child or man/child did n't add up . 
 the girl was too perky . 
 the mother was too happy . 
 the father seemed particularly loving . 
 none of this added up , at least not to me . 
 i continued forward . 
 hours sped by . 
 whole families appeared in the frame . 
 i was n't looking for whole families . 
 i was looking for a lonely girl and someone else . 
 someone that made sense . 
 and then i found them . 
 the girl was dirty , dressed in a stained dress that had a torn strawberry shortcake patch over her chest . 
 she trailed behind a woman who seemed confused by the mcdonald 's order board . 
 who gets confused over a mcdonald 's order board ? 
 it 's the most famous menu in the world . 
 she frowned and bit her lip and seemed to talk to herself . 
 the woman herself was dressed in torn denim shorts . 
 one leg was torn higher than the other . 
 a white pocket hung free , squared off with a packet of cigarettes . 
 not once did the mother look back for her little girl , who stayed behind her , swaying gently to unheard music . 
 the girl hooked one of her tiny fingers in her mouth and waited for her mother . 
 she could have just turned and walked out of the restaurant and her mother would never know , and perhaps never care . 
 the little girl kept swaying . 
 she was barefoot . 
 her feet were dirty . 
 so were her ankles . 
 the mother had been wearing flip flops , but now i could n't see the mother 's feet , since they were below the counter . 
 the girl was far back , easily in the camera frame . 
 i stared at the girl , fascinated , my eyes glued to the monitor in front of me . 
 in my thoughts , i could hear the girl talking . 
 this little girl . 
 `` he kilt my mother . 
 he shot her dead . '' 
 `` maddie , '' i whispered . 
 and as the mother fumbled her way through the order , the worker placed an open happy meal on the counter , and as lauren dug into her pocket , presumably for money , someone else came into the mcdonald 's . 
 a man . 
 a big black man wearing a long trenchcoat . 
 maddie saw him and shrank away immediately . 
 the man said something sharply and the mother nodded . 
 she , too , shrank away . 
 the man jerked his head and little maddie followed him deeper into mcdonald 's , where she disappeared out of the camera frame . 
 i watched lauren count out her money , then wait for her change , and finally hurry deeper into the restaurant . 
 thirty-three minutes later , the happy family left together , with maddie trailing behind , forgotten , her finger hooked in her mouth . 
 holding her happy meal box . 
 chapter twenty-eight the surveillance software has a nice feature that allows you to freeze a face and zero in on it , which i did for maddie , her mother , and the man . 
 now i was sitting outside a starbucks on a cool night with detective hanner of the fullerton police missing persons unit . 
 neither of us was drinking a coffee , which was a damn shame . 
 detective hanner was studying the photos and making small , disapproving noises . 
 i wondered if she knew she was making those sounds . 
 then again , my hearing tends to be exceptional these days , so perhaps i was never meant to hear her small , disapproving noises . 
 she looked up from the pictures . 
 `` good work , '' she said . 
 `` i sometimes get it right . '' 
 `` detective sherbet said that if anyone was likely to turn something up , it would be you . '' 
 `` detective sherbet says the nicest things . '' 
 hanner shook her head . 
 `` actually , rarely . 
 he likes you . '' 
 `` the feeling is mutual . '' 
 she tapped the photo of the black man in a trench coat . 
 her fingernail was long . 
 and sharp . 
 i might have gasped a little . 
 `` he was with them around the time of their disappearance , '' hanner said . 
 `` he 's a person of interest . '' 
 `` he 's got my interest , '' i said . 
 `` this photo will be everywhere as soon as i get back to the station . 
 we 'll catch this bastard . '' 
 `` if you do n't mind , i would still like to help . '' 
 `` hey , maddie picked you . 
 maybe there 's something bigger at work here . 
 of course i want your help . 
 after i drop by the station , i 'm heading out to work three more missing person cases . 
 one of them is an old lady from a nearby nursing home . 
 my second call about her in two weeks . 
 found her last time partying with some local crackheads , high as a kite , dancing the charleston naked . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` now that 's getting high old school . '' 
 `` if you saw the place she lived , you probably would n't blame her . 
 creepy as hell . 
 an old folks home for retired witches and wizards , if you ask me . 
 a sort of hogwarts for old farts . '' 
 `` here in this city ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked at me for a heartbeat or two before smiling . 
 `` you would be surprised what 's in this city . '' 
 i found her oddly closed off , as if there was some sort of shield around her . 
 her aura , i noticed , was an even blue . 
 the same color as kingsley 's . 
 it also hovered only a few inches from her skin , same as with kingsley . 
 `` i like you , '' she added . 
 `` we should get a drink some time , and talk . '' 
 she winked , and as she did so , her pupils shrank noticeably . 
 `` you know ... girl talk . '' 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 `` good . '' 
 she got up and threw her handbag over one shoulder . 
 she reached out for my hand . 
 `` let me know what you find , and thanks again . '' 
 as always , i hesitated before shaking any hand . 
 but hers i was almost eager to shake . 
 i did so now , taking her small hand in my own , and i was not very surprised to discover it was ice cold . 
 she stared at me intently , just a few feet away . 
 the hair at the back of my neck was standing on end . 
 and then she winked at me , turned , and strode off through the parking lot . 
 she moved gracefully and effortlessly , and i watched her until she got into her dark mercury sable and drove out of the parking lot , and as she did so , i was certain i had just met my first vampire . 
 chapter twenty-nine i sent danny a text asking for an update , and he responded almost instantly : anthony was in stable condition and sleeping soundly . 
 i texted danny back and reminded him that his cell phone was supposed to be turned off . 
 he wrote back : yes , mommy . 
 and added a happy face . 
 danny was being oddly playful and , well , nice . 
 maybe it had to do with his son being seriously ill . 
 i did n't know , but i found it creepy as hell . 
 any feelings i had had for danny were long gone . 
 and what did he want to talk about ? 
 i did n't know . 
 i sat in my minivan for a few minutes , wondering what i should do next . 
 the museum could wait . 
 the girl needed my help , except i did n't have much to go on . 
 i removed my copy of the picture of the big black man , and i suddenly knew what i needed most . 
 manpower . 
 * * * his business card was still in the van 's center console . 
 i turned the interior light on , even though i really did n't need it . 
 his card was simple but compelling . 
 on the right side were written the words : jim knighthorse , private investigator . 
 on the other side , filling the entire left half of the card , was his picture . 
 he was smiling . 
 a sort of crooked half-smile that showed a lot of teeth . 
 the smile was arrogant . 
 the smile was casual . 
 the light in his eyes was filled with good humor , as if he alone was in on a joke . 
 i had met the tall man a few weeks earlier . 
 at the time , he had radiated a quiet strength and a lot of cockiness . 
 both were good qualities when it came to investigations . 
 in fact , i would argue that both were ideal in a good investigator . 
 but more than anything , i had sensed a sort of old-school chivalry in him , that he was a man who protected those who could n't protect themselves . 
 i needed this man . 
 i made the call and , despite the fact that i sensed i had interrupted him from something important , he immediately agreed to meet me . 
 * * * `` i had a strange feeling we would meet again , '' he said , as he approached my van . 
 correction : swaggered to my van . 
 even though he limped noticeably . 
 `` maybe you 're psychic , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm a lot of things , '' he said , grinning easily , `` but being psychic is n't one of them . '' 
 by a lot of things , i knew he meant a lot of good things . 
 i shook my head . 
 the guy was too much . 
 but he was hard not to love . 
 i was standing outside my minivan , itself parked outside a norm 's in santa ana . 
 when you work the night shift like me , you 're fully aware of each and every all-night restaurant , even if , like me , you ca n't actually partake from them , outside of water and cheap wine . 
 knighthorse glanced over at the dimly lit norms . 
 `` you would make a cheap date . '' 
 `` what can i say , i 'm a simple woman . '' 
 he glanced at me sideways . 
 `` i somehow doubt that . 
 anyone who hangs out with orange county 's most famous defense attorney has a few surprises up her sleeve . '' 
 he was , of course , talking about kingsley , whom i was with when i first met knighthorse on the beach a few weeks ago . 
 `` okay , maybe one or two , '' i said . 
 he folded his arms over his chest and leaned a hip against the van 's front fender . 
 although it was chilly out , he was wearing only a black tee shirt and blue jeans . 
 i 'm a woman . 
 i 'm recently divorced . 
 outside of an orgasm a few weeks ago , i had n't had any sex in six years . 
 the orgasm , i think , opened the floodgates . 
 so i 'll admit it . 
 i found myself staring at his biceps . 
 just his biceps , i swear . 
 the way they reflected the yellowish parking lot lights . 
 the way the thick veins protruded nearly an inch off his muscles . 
 the way the muscle itself seemed to undulate even with the slightest of movements . 
 i have keen eyesight , and i used every bit of it as i studied his biceps . 
 he looked down at his shirt . 
 `` is there something on me ? 
 it 's jelly , is n't it ? 
 i just ate a jelly donut and i felt some of it drop , i just did n't know where . '' 
 `` it 's not jelly . 
 sorry , i just have a lot on my mind . '' 
 he quit inspecting his shirt and went back to leaning a hip against my fender . 
 `` so tell me more about the little girl . '' 
 i did , recalling everything i could . 
 i handed him a photocopy of the trio at mcdonald 's . 
 he studied it closely . 
 holding it up to the parking lot lights . 
 myself , i could see it perfectly , but he did n't need to know that . 
 `` we 'll need to canvas the area , '' he said . 
 `` that 's what i figured . '' 
 `` a guy like this , some lowlife drug-dealing asshole , is probably on the move , especially if he just killed the mother . '' 
 `` we 're making a lot of leaps here , '' i said . 
 `` the guy could be innocent . 
 maybe he 's an old friend . '' 
 knighthorse shook his head and came over to me . 
 he smelled of raspberry donuts and old spice . 
 god , i loved a man who wore old spice . 
 the jelly donuts , not so much . 
 he held up the picture of the black man and pointed . 
 `` look here , '' he said . 
 `` he 's wearing a trench coat for a reason . '' 
 `` covering a gun ? '' 
 `` why else ? 
 it 's 80 degrees here 300 days of the year . 
 but look ... '' knighthorse shuffled through the three photos i had given him . 
 `` there . 
 look . '' 
 i saw it . 
 it was a slight bulge at the man 's hip . 
 `` a gun , '' i said . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and we 're not racially stereotyping him ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` because he 's black ? '' 
 knighthorse looked down at me , and all the swagger and cockiness was gone , and i saw the real investigator in him , the man who took his job deadly serious . 
 `` what does your gut say about him ? '' 
 `` that he 's our guy . 
 that he killed maddie 's mom , or at least knows the person who did . 
 that he presently has maddie somewhere , perhaps hurting her , perhaps killing her . '' 
 knighthorse 's jaw rippled . 
 i think his teeth actually ground together . 
 `` yeah , that 's what my gut says , too . 
 and race has nothing to do with that . '' 
 `` what are the chances he 's a drug dealer ? '' 
 `` about the same chance that i 'm tall and roguishly good-looking . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 the guy was too much . 
 i said , `` so , if he supplies drugs to the neighborhood ... '' `` few will talk , '' he said . 
 `` that , and they 're probably scared of him . '' 
 `` someone will talk , '' said knighthorse . 
 `` and if he did kill maddie 's mother , then he 's laying low . '' 
 knighthorse winked . 
 `` we 're gon na need more manpower . '' 
 chapter thirty there were four of us now . 
 we were all sitting in the mcdonald 's in buena park , the same mcdonald 's where , for all i knew , maddie 's mother was last seen alive . 
 i was drinking a cup of water . 
 knighthorse had just polished off three big macs and a large vanilla shake . 
 now he was munching on a bag of fries the size of my purse . 
 the fries smelled so damn good that i nearly reached over for one . 
 i resisted . 
 fries and my undead stomach do not mix . 
 the thirty-something man sitting next to knighthorse was about a foot shorter . 
 he was also a specialist in finding the missing , particularly children . 
 his name was spinoza , and he was a private investigator out of los angeles and a friend of knighthorse . 
 spinoza , who was oddly shy for a private eye , was shrouded in a heavy layer of darkness . 
 his aura itself seemed weighed down by something . 
 guilt , i suddenly thought . 
 something is eating away at him . 
 tearing him apart . 
 and just as i thought that , a brief image appeared in my thoughts , so horrific and heartbreaking that i nearly broke down myself . 
 it was snapshot of him holding a burned body . 
 a tiny burned body . 
 it was his son , and now i understood the waves of guilt . 
 the image was of a car accident . 
 like with the mcdonald 's manager , i saw a burned-out vehicle , but this time i received another sensory hit : the smell of alcohol , along with the smell of burned flesh . 
 sweet jesus . 
 his palpable waves of guilt nearly overwhelmed me in my current , fragile state , and i was beginning to see the downside of this esp business . 
 i need to learn how to shut this shit off , i thought . 
 spinoza was friendly enough and had smiled and shaken my hand , but he easily lapsed into a dark silence that made it nearly impossible to warm up to the man . 
 sitting next to him was another investigator - yet another specialist in finding the missing . 
 his name was aaron king and he was older than the hills . 
 he was also damn good-looking and frustratingly familiar-looking . 
 and the psychic hit i got from him was an unusual one : mr. aaron king had a secret . 
 a big secret . 
 he caught me looking at him and and gave me a beautiful smile , complete with twinkling eyes . 
 i found my heart beating a little faster . 
 aaron king and spinoza -lrb- i never did catch his first name -rrb- passed on eating and instead sipped from oversized drinks . 
 men and their oversized drinks . 
 sheesh . 
 they examined the photos while i recounted the events of the last few days , beginning with the first phone call from maddie , my discussion with chad , my conversation with detective hanner , maddie 's second call , the meth lab and dead body , the happy meal , and the video surveillance . 
 `` all this from a wrong number , '' said aaron . 
 god , i loved the lilt to his voice . 
 a hint of an accent . 
 melodious . 
 a beautiful and agonizingly familiar voice . 
 `` probably not a wrong number , '' said spinoza . 
 the man spoke as if it were a great effort . 
 as if it took all his energy and strength to form the words . 
 if ever there was a man who needed a hug , it was him . 
 knighthorse nodded . 
 `` your number was programmed into the phone . 
 no way a kid that young finds you in the phone book . '' 
 `` could be our guy 's phone , '' said spinoza . 
 knighthorse looked at me . 
 `` any reason why a six foot five black thug would have your number programmed in his phone ? '' 
 `` maybe he 's looking for a good time ? '' 
 i said . 
 knighthorse grinned , and so did spinoza . 
 i think . 
 aaron king chuckled lightly . 
 `` maybe it was n't his phone , '' offered spinoza . 
 `` her mother 's ? '' 
 said king . 
 i nodded . 
 `` maybe her mother gave it to her before her death . '' 
 spinoza said , `` maybe she suspected something bad might happen . 
 if so , she wanted her daughter to have it in case of an emergency . '' 
 `` and she pre-programmed it with samantha 's info ? '' 
 said aaron king . 
 `` why not the police ? '' 
 `` or maybe she took it off her mother 's dead body , '' said knighthorse , and the expression that briefly crossed his face was one of profound pain . 
 knighthorse , i realized , knew something about dead mothers . 
 his own dead mother . 
 jesus , we 're all a mess , i thought . 
 `` and you do n't recognize the woman ? '' 
 king asked me . 
 `` no . 
 and her name does n't show up in any of my case files . '' 
 `` did you check all your case files ? '' 
 asked king . 
 `` all my files are in a database . '' 
 knighthorse and king whistled . 
 `` maybe i should get me one of those , '' said the old guy , winking at me in such a way that my stomach literally did a somersault . 
 spinoza plowed forward . 
 `` still , that does n't mean the mother , what 's her name - '' `` lauren , '' i said . 
 `` that does n't mean lauren did n't look you up prior to being killed . 
 maybe she knew something was wrong . '' 
 `` or something was about to go wrong , '' said king . 
 `` right , '' said knighthorse . 
 `` she looks you up in the yellow pages , punches you in her phone for a later call . '' 
 `` but never makes the call , '' i said . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` maybe the mother tried calling you , samantha , '' said spinoza . 
 `` perhaps you were her last call . '' 
 `` except you were too damn busy with your database to pick up , '' said king . 
 he winked at me , and i elbowed the old guy in the ribs . 
 he chuckled again . 
 `` if so , '' said knighthorse , `` then perhaps you were the last call she ever made . 
 and if the call came through as blocked , which can be done automatically , then you would have no record of the call . '' 
 `` it 's a theory , '' i said . 
 knighthorse said , `` and then all the daughter had to do was hit redial . '' 
 `` and she would call me , '' i said . 
 `` bingo . '' 
 we let that theory digest for a few seconds . 
 then spinoza sat down his oversized drink . 
 no doubt his normal-sized bladder was bursting at the seams . 
 `` so let 's hit it , '' he said . 
 and we did . 
 but first he went to the bathroom . 
 chapter thirty-one private investigators seem to hold a certain allure for many people . 
 i get that . 
 tv has certainly made the work appear glamorous ; after all , there 's something exciting about being a lone wolf -lrb- no pun intended -rrb- , working when you want , living on the edge of society , and catching the bad guys . 
 the adventure . 
 the excitement . 
 the mystery . 
 sorry folks , but fifty perfect of p.i. work is following cheating spouses and doing background checks . 
 and even then , the background work is getting sparser and sparser , thanks to so many new internet sites that do the work for us . 
 but , yeah , every now and then we do get a juicy case . 
 and it can be fun . 
 especially when you do help those in need . 
 more often than not , p.i. work takes great patience , especially when you 're watching a subject at home for days on end . 
 or when you 're beating down doors looking for leads . 
 like we were doing now . 
 canvassing a targeted area will eventually turn up something . 
 with enough people pounding doors and stopping people on the streets , someone , somewhere will recognize the man in the picture . 
 canvassing is painstaking and frustrating at best , hopeless and infuriating at worst . 
 and just when you think you could n't knock on another door , or stop another stranger on the street , someone starts talking , and that someone will tell you exactly what you need to know . 
 ideally . 
 so the four of us hit the pavement and , using a street map , centered our efforts on four different quadrants surrounding the meth house . 
 i had the northeast section , which included a lot of rundown apartments , rundown homes , and a handful of motels . 
 the guys did n't like me running off on my own but i reminded them that i was a highly trained federal agent . 
 they did n't like it , and made me promise to keep my cell phone and pepper spray handy . 
 i did n't have any pepper spray , but the old man aaron , gave me his . 
 i checked with danny once , confirmed that anthony was still sleeping , checked with my sister , confirmed tammy was safe and sound at their home , and then hit the pavement . 
 and hit it hard . 
 * * * we did this for four hours . 
 i questioned dozens and dozens , if not hundreds of people . 
 i sensed that many of the young men recognized the man in the picture . 
 none of them were talking . 
 i would make them talk if i had to . 
 i remembered where all of them lived . 
 sometimes i do n't play by the rules . 
 sometimes i make up the rules . 
 someone was going to talk , whether they wanted to or not . 
 a few of these men let be known that they did n't appreciate me walking around and asking a lot of questions . 
 one of these men might have threatened me . 
 one of these men might have soon thereafter suffered a broken finger . 
 might have . 
 i handed out all the fliers i had , each one with my cell phone number on the bottom and a promise that the call would remain confidential . 
 and at the end of the night , with no one talking and the neighborhood shutting down , the four of us reconvened at the mcdonald 's . 
 we discussed our options . 
 we all felt we had hit the area pretty hard . 
 most of us felt someone knew something but was n't talking . 
 we all agreed that unless someone started talking soon , we would have to take drastic measures . 
 none of us talked about what those drastic measures were . 
 i suspected each of us had our own definitions . 
 knighthorse and spinoza would both be back tomorrow morning . 
 i would be back in the evening . 
 aaron king had a lead or two he wanted to follow up tonight . 
 he insisted on following up alone , stating he would use his old southern charm to get the information he needed . 
 he even winked . 
 hell , i was charmed ten times over . 
 as i stepped into my minivan , knighthorse pulled up behind me in his classic mustang . 
 he cranked down his window and said he 'd heard from someone on the street that a mean , dark-haired lady had broken some gangbanger 's finger . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` that would n't have been you , would it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` everything but the mean part . 
 it 's not nice to threaten a lady . '' 
 he threw back his head and laughed . 
 `` i knew you were a badass . '' 
 `` badder than most . '' 
 `` hey , that 's my line , '' he said , winking . 
 he rolled up his window and pealed out of the parking lot . 
 spinoza followed behind in his nondescript toyota camry , a car much better suited for investigations than knighthorse 's eye-catching classic mustang . 
 he nodded at me and told me we would find her . 
 i thanked the deeply troubled man for his help , and secretly hoped he would find himself . 
 as i started up my minivan - a vehicle even better suited for long surveillances - aaron king sidled up to the window . 
 his eyes twinkled . 
 as if he was in on a private joke . 
 or if he knew a secret . 
 i rolled down my window . 
 `` we 'll find that girl , '' he said . 
 `` i have a daughter . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of a little girl alone and scared and possibly abused . '' 
 `` i have a daughter , too , '' i said . 
 `` and a son . '' 
 but that was all i could get out . 
 my voice caught in my throat . 
 aaron king angled his beautiful face down into my window . 
 `` is there something wrong , lil ' darling ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i - '' but my voice did it again . 
 or , rather , my throat did . 
 it shut tight , and all i could do was shake my head . 
 but there was something so tender , so serene , so warm about aaron king . 
 i felt myself opening up to him , responding to him . 
 connecting with him . 
 i tried again . 
 `` my son ... '' but , dammit , that was all i could say . 
 even those words came out in a strangled choke . 
 aaron reached through the driver 's side window and gently touched my chin . 
 `` hey , even highly trained federal agents cry , '' he said . 
 and i did . 
 hard . 
 much harder than i thought i would around a stranger . 
 aaron king let me cry . 
 the hand he used to touch my cheek now reached around and patted my head and shoulders gently . 
 he was a loving grandfather . 
 a man with a big , beautiful heart . 
 and when i was all cried out , he rested his forehead against the upper window frame . 
 `` i 'm sorry you 're sad , lil ' lady . 
 but everything 's going to be alright . '' 
 some of the mcdonald 's yellowish parking lot light caught his eyes , and when he smiled again - a smile that was so bright that it lifted my spirits immediately - i got the mother of all psychic hits . 
 so powerful ... and so mind blowing . 
 so much so that i was certain i had made it up . 
 no way , i thought . 
 but the hit persisted . 
 his name was n't aaron king . 
 at least , not the name the world knew him by . 
 unbelievable . 
 `` i 'll call you tomorrow , samantha moon . 
 and you can tell me about your son then . '' 
 i nodded , too dumbfounded to speak . 
 he winked at me . 
 `` go take care of your son . '' 
 and then he reached through the window and gave my chin a small boxing jab , smiled at me again , and walked back to his own car . 
 a cadillac . 
 might as well have been a pink cadillac . 
 chapter thirty-two still reeling from my encounter with aaron king , whose real name , of course , was n't aaron king , i found myself at the wharton museum . 
 danny had promised to call me immediately if anything came up , and since i had n't received a call , i might as well keep working , right ? 
 and with aaron still working the case in buena park , i thought it was best to tackle some of my paying work . 
 i might be undead . 
 i might drink blood . 
 and i might be one hell of a freaky chick , but i still needed to feed my kids and pay my bills . 
 still in my van , i removed my secret stash of foundation make-up , which i often applied heavily to my face and the back of my hands . 
 i may not show up in mirrors or on surveillance video - weird as hell , i know - but the make-up still did . 
 and after a long night of pounding doors and breaking fingers , well , i was n't sure how much of my make-up was still in place . 
 i had already been introduced to the head night security guard , whose name was eddie . 
 eddie was a heavy-set hispanic guy who seemed as cool as cool gets , and oozed a smooth confidence . 
 the way he carried himself , you would have thought he looked a little more like george clooney and a lot less like chris farley . 
 then again , i always did think chris farley was a cutie . 
 we were in eddie 's office , which was just inside the main doors of the museum . 
 his office looked a little like mission control , minus all the nerds in white short-sleeved , button-down dress shirts . 
 there were ten monitors placed in and around his desk , all providing live feeds from within the museum . 
 while we sat , he cycled through some exterior cameras and some back-room cameras . 
 all in all , there were over twenty cameras situated throughout the small museum . 
 eddie leaned back in his swivel chair , a chair that looked abused and ready to give out . 
 i was sitting in a metal foldout chair he had grabbed from a storage closet behind him . 
 the cold metal was almost as cold as my own flesh . 
 eddie , to his credit , rarely took his eyes off the monitors . 
 there was a starbucks coffee sitting next to a keyboard . 
 the keyboard had old coffee stains on it . 
 i wondered how many keyboards eddie had fried spilling his coffees . 
 `` would you mind telling me about the night the crystal sculpture was stolen ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged defensively . 
 `` like any other night . '' 
 i waited . 
 eddie stared at the monitors . 
 apparently that 's all i was getting . 
 i said , `` so nothing out of the ordinary ? '' 
 `` nothing other than our back-room cameras suddenly stopped working . '' 
 `` did the theft take place in the back room ? '' 
 `` wow , you 're good , '' he said , still not looking at me . 
 `` it 's no wonder they hired you . '' 
 i ignored the remark . 
 `` how long were the cameras not working ? '' 
 `` twenty-one minutes . '' 
 `` did you catch this immediately ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` both pictures were frozen in place . 
 how they did it , we have no clue . 
 but the image looked fine , until i noticed the timer had stopped . '' 
 `` and how long until you noticed that ? '' 
 `` thirty , forty minutes . '' 
 `` long enough for the egg to be stolen . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` could have happened to anyone , '' i said . 
 he squinted at me , trying to decide if i was being as big of an asshole as he was , and finally decided that i was n't . 
 he relaxed a little . 
 `` i guess so , yes . '' 
 `` where in the back room did the theft occur ? '' 
 he pointed to one of the images on the screen . 
 `` there . 
 the shipping and receiving room . 
 we had just received the collection from the artist himself . '' 
 `` and does the artist know of the theft ? '' 
 `` not yet , as far as i 'm aware . '' 
 `` when is the exhibit set to debut ? '' 
 `` one week . '' 
 `` and the cameras caught nothing ? '' 
 `` not a thing . '' 
 `` was anything else stolen ? '' 
 `` just the crystal egg . '' 
 i knew the museum had insurance to cover such a loss , but there was no insurance to cover one 's reputation . 
 from what i understood , the theft would be a black eye that the museum could ill afford . 
 i said , `` other than security guards , does anyone else work the night shift ? '' 
 `` no , although sometimes the docents and museum staff put in late hours , especially when a new exhibit is about to open . '' 
 `` were any of the museum staff working the night the sculpture was stolen ? '' 
 `` yes , but they had left hours before . '' 
 `` how many security guards typically work the night shift ? '' 
 `` we have four working after hours . 
 ten when the museum is open . 
 we only have three working tonight . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 now eddie looked pissed . 
 `` no clue . 
 thad never showed . '' 
 `` what 's thad 's full name ? '' 
 `` thad perry . '' 
 `` was thad working on the night in question ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` has he ever not shown up before ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` so you would call this unusual behavior ? '' 
 `` extremely . '' 
 `` may i have a list of the names and numbers to all four security guards working that night ? '' 
 eddie nodded once and slowly eased forward . 
 he tapped a few keys at his keyboard , somehow avoiding knocking his coffee over in the process . 
 this time . 
 he wrote down four names and four phone numbers on a mini-sized pad of legal paper . 
 he handed me the paper . 
 his name was on the list . 
 `` at the time of the theft , where were you ? '' 
 eddie looked at me long and hard . 
 i was n't getting a guilty hit from eddie . 
 but i was getting a hostile one . 
 he said , `` i was here , manning the desk . '' 
 `` the whole night ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , `` the whole night . '' 
 `` what about bathroom breaks ? '' 
 he jabbed a thumb behind him toward the small storage room . 
 a storage room that , i saw , doubled as a small bathroom . 
 `` i take my potty breaks in there . '' 
 `` who on this list is working tonight ? '' 
 `` just joey . '' 
 `` i 'd like to talk to joey . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` were any other private investigators hired to work the case ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you and two other private dicks . '' 
 he grinned and flicked his gaze toward my crotch . 
 he enjoyed being crude in my presence . 
 i wondered if he would enjoy being dropped into a jacuzzi from a fourth story balcony . 
 crudeness aside , it made sense to hire more than one detective . 
 people did it all the time . 
 when a customer found a human finger in a bowl of wendy 's chili , wendy 's hired over ten private eyes to break the case , which one of them finally did . 
 the finger belonged to one of the customer 's friends , a finger he had lost in an industrial accident . 
 the friends then cooked up a scheme , no pun intended , and it might have worked if not for the tenacity of one detective , and the foresight of wendy 's to hire a slew of them . 
 `` has anyone made any headway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he flicked his gaze at me sideways . 
 cool as cool gets . 
 `` the egg is still missing if that answers your question . '' 
 `` oh , most definitely . 
 i 'd like to see the back room now . '' 
 he reached inside his desk and handed me a generic security badge . 
 `` it 's a temporary badge . 
 swipe it , then key in ' 0000 ' . 
 and i 'll send joey over , too . '' 
 he showed me on the monitors where to find the back room . 
 i thanked him for his time . 
 eddie nodded once . 
 too cool to nod twice . 
 chapter thirty-three i could almost feel eddie watching me as i worked my way through the museum , past exhibits called native american art and ancient art of china . 
 i wondered what my butt looked like on camera . 
 probably cute . 
 maybe a little bubbly , since my daughter called me bubble butt sometimes . 
 i made my way through the spirits and headhunters collections , stopping briefly to ogle at a half dozen shrunken heads . 
 real , honest-to-god shrunken heads . 
 and they call me a monster . 
 i moved through another room , and entered the mayan exhibit , complete with a stone sarcophagus and beautifully adorned stelae covered in hieroglyphs . 
 the room was particularly alive with zigzagging light ... and much bigger balls of light . 
 i knew now what these bigger balls of light were . 
 spirits . 
 the balls seemed to orient on me . 
 sometimes they grew bigger and sometimes smaller . 
 sometimes they hovered just above the floor or shot up to the far corners of the room . 
 one or two of them followed behind me . 
 they were silent , almost curious . 
 but they could see me . 
 i felt it . 
 i sensed it . 
 eyes were on me . 
 unseen eyes . 
 and it was n't eddie ogling me from the command center . 
 and if the ghosts could see me , what else could they see ? 
 perhaps a crime ? 
 i thought about that as i found the back door . 
 i swiped the security card and entered the cryptic `` 0000 '' code and found myself in a spacious room . 
 spacious and dark . 
 i was about to flip on a light switch when one of the balls of light that had been following me slipped under the closed door and hovered before me . 
 i was standing off to the side of the door , partially facing a vast room with shelves and storage everywhere . 
 i knew that most museums only displayed a small fraction of their exhibits , and that most pieces were in special storage within the museum , usually in basements . 
 the wharton , it appeared , did n't have a basement , and allotted this vast room for storage . 
 the room was pitch black , but that did n't stop me from seeing deep within it , and what i could see were various glass-walled bays that were probably temperature controlled . 
 the bays contained what appeared to be rolling racks of paintings . 
 no doubt very expensive paintings . 
 the ball of light crackled with energy . 
 yes , i could almost hear it now , a steady hum , too low for most people to hear . 
 the hair on my arms was standing on end and i realized that the the ball of light was trying to draw energy from me . 
 so how much energy did an ice-cold vampire have ? 
 i did n't know , but the ball of light began taking on shape and as it did so , my mouth dropped open . 
 and the more it took on shape , the more my mouth dropped open . 
 it seemed to pull in the surrounding particles of light , gathering them together the way cotton candy collects around a twirling stick . 
 the particles of light blended with the ball of light , which began to take on shape . 
 a human shape . 
 and when my mouth had dropped fully open , the vague figure of a tall , thin man stood fully before me . 
 and , if i was n't mistaken , he bowed slightly . 
 chapter thirty-four i almost bowed back , but stopped myself . 
 the hair along my arms was standing on end , and i saw why . 
 a part of his crackling , frenetic , human-like essence had reached out to me . 
 it reminded me of a white blood cell attacking a virus . 
 i was n't sure what was happening , until it hit me : he was drawing energy from me . 
 amazing . 
 he was n't a composed whole . 
 a few times some of the light energy that composed his body seemed to disperse and scatter like frightened fish , only to reform again into the tall , thin man standing before me . 
 the entity tilted his head slightly to one side , and as he did so , a brief image flashed into my thoughts . 
 the image was of a kindly old man and his wife . 
 they were standing in front of a small building , smiling happily . 
 i had , of course , seen pictures of this same building , especially during the past few days . 
 it was the original 7,000 square foot site of the wharton museum . 
 in the picture , was the same old couple , smiling happily . 
 the whartons . 
 next , a single word appeared in my thoughts . 
 honestly , i did n't know if i thought it or heard it . 
 either way , it appeared just inside my eardrum : `` come . '' 
 * * * with that , the entity that i now thought of as mr. wharton drifted away . 
 as he drifted away , he lost some of his shape and looked , more than anything , like a floating , glowing amoeba . 
 he wanted me to follow him . 
 that much i was certain of . 
 i obliged , following the amorphous ball of energy deeper into the back room , past rows and shelves of native american art , african art and chinese art . 
 in fact , dozens and dozens of rows . 
 the majority of the shelves were filled with wooden and clay sculptures , weapons that still looked like they could seriously do some harm , and what had to be priceless jewelry . 
 the jewelry was behind glass cases , as were some of the more delicate pieces . 
 not surprisingly , mr. wharton seemed to know his way . 
 we past the small shipping and receiving room , which was lined with metal tables and boxes of all shapes and sizes . 
 some looked like they were going , and no doubt some still needed to be received . 
 what were in those boxes was anyone 's guess . 
 he led me deeper . 
 or , rather , the glowing ball of light led me deeper , as it had now lost all human shape . 
 it was dimmer back here , and there was only a single security camera a few rows down . 
 eddie would have a hard time seeing me . 
 no doubt he was wondering what the hell i was doing back here . 
 i was wondering , too . 
 mr. wharton hung a left . 
 and by hanging a left , i mean the ball of light that was the ghostly imprint of mr. wharton , went through some shelves and entered a side corridor . 
 i hung the left the old-fashioned way . 
 he continued on , and so did i . 
 the camera , i saw , did not reach down this side corridor , which meant that mr. wharton and i were alone . 
 and at the far end of the corridor was a massive storage freezer that looked vaguely like a coffin . 
 i was n't sure what the museum would need such a storage freezer for , until i remembered the shrunken heads outside . 
 no doubt the museum kept anything biological in cold storage . 
 at least , that 's what i would do if i had a collection of shrunken heads . 
 crackling and spitting energy and doing his best impression of a human torch , mr. wharton materialized again . 
 he stood next to the freezer . 
 as i approached , mr. wharton actually stepped aside to give me access . 
 ghostly etiquette . 
 nice . 
 i reached down and slowly opened the lid . 
 cool air rushed out , and the stench of frozen meat . 
 and when the swirling mist had subsided , a very dead face was looking up at me from the depths of the freezer . 
 wearing a museum guard uniform . 
 i think i had just found thad , the missing guard . 
 two dead bodies in two days . 
 i was on a roll . 
 chapter thirty-five it was late , and i was sitting in kingsley 's spacious living room . 
 i had spent the last few hours talking to various santa ana homicide detectives . 
 when they were done asking questions and satisfied with my answers , i texted kingsley and he invited me over . 
 franklin , kingsley 's butler , was noisily preparing our drinks in the kitchen . 
 the kitchen was down the hall and around a corner and through a swinging door . 
 something banged loudly , or possibly even broke . 
 `` i think franklin is letting it be known that he does n't appreciate my late-night sojourns , '' i said . 
 `` luckily , franklin does n't have much say in the matter , '' said kingsley . 
 `` how 's your son doing ? '' 
 `` not good . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , sam . '' 
 i nodded and fought through the tears . 
 it was amazing how quickly tears came these days . 
 the big defense attorney , who had been lounging in a chair-and-a-half across from me , sat forward . 
 the chair-and-a-half was barely big enough to contain him . 
 kingsley , i could tell , wanted to reach out for me , but stopped himself . 
 our relationship had cooled noticeably a few weeks ago when i had discovered he 'd worked the system to free a suspected killer . 
 a killer who had killed again ... the father of my client . 
 i had serious issues with that . 
 i knew that kingsley was doing his job . 
 i get it . 
 but it did n't mean i had to respect it or like it . 
 to kingsley 's credit he had n't pushed the issue with me . 
 mostly , he had sat back and waited for me to work through my issues . 
 and to my own credit , i knew enough not to make a rash decision . 
 too many people act too quickly , end relationships too quickly . 
 better to be clear about what you want . 
 i was n't clear yet ; i was still conflicted . 
 but now was n't the time for that . 
 i had had a long day and an even longer night , and now all i wanted was a warm hug , a warm smile , and a warm body . 
 it was no surprise that kingsley came immediately to mind , although i had flirted with the idea of contacting fang . 
 the idea did n't stick . 
 fang was a whole new jigsaw puzzle of confusion that i still needed to piece together , and i just was n't up to it , not now . 
 not with everything else going on . 
 kingsley , although a bastard , was familiar and loveable and warm as hell . 
 the banging in the kitchen stopped , and a few moments later franklin appeared in the living room with a tray of drinks . 
 he set a goblet in front of each of us and stood back . 
 franklin was n't happy . 
 he was also a piece of work . 
 literally . 
 the man , i was certain , had been pieced together from many different men . 
 where kingsley met him , i did n't know . 
 why such a creature served as a werewolf 's butler , i could n't imagine . 
 but there was a hell of a story here , somewhere . 
 kingsley had promised he would tell me the butler 's tale . 
 someday . 
 and if and when i was done being pissed at kingsley , maybe i would finally hear it . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 asked the butler . 
 his slightly melodic accent was nearly impossible to place . 
 it could have been british , but it was n't any british accent i had ever heard . 
 the words old english came to mind , too . 
 as in old , old english . 
 this , i 'm certain , was a psychic hit , but i could have been wrong . 
 just how old franklin was remained to be seen . 
 `` thank you , franklin . 
 that will be all , '' said kingsley , waving him off . 
 the butler nodded . 
 `` if you and the lady need anything else , please do not hesitate to rouse me from a deep and satisfying sleep . '' 
 `` we wo n't , franklin . 
 now , off you go ! '' 
 franklin bowed and turned and loped off , his legs seemingly not quite working together . 
 almost as if they had been two different legs from two different bodies . 
 a theory that i was beginning to accept . 
 kingsley reached for his wine . 
 `` drink up , dear . '' 
 i reached for my own drink , but it was n't wine . 
 it was chilled hemoglobin , and if i did n't hurry and drink , the surface layer would coagulate . 
 i picked the cold glass up with both hands and brought it to my nose , inhaling deeply the strong coppery scent . 
 metallic , rich , alive . 
 i brought the goblet to my lips and that first dribble of blood sent a shiver through me that was akin to a smoker 's high . 
 it had taken me a long , long time to actually acquire a taste for blood . 
 to actually enjoy it . 
 but it depended on the blood . 
 the finer the plasma , the more i enjoyed it . 
 the purer the hemoglobin , the better the experience . 
 the more pleasurable the experience . 
 the more beneficial , too . 
 fine blood gave me extra energy , added strength , and a better life experience . 
 but my blood of choice - or of necessity - comes from a butchery in nearby norco , where i had a running account with them . 
 once a week they delivered the stuff to my door , no questions asked , although they believed it was for scientific purposes . 
 the blood was often filled with fur and skin and other floaties that i could n't quite place . 
 did n't want to place . 
 it was utterly disgusting , but it nourished me and no doubt kept me alive . 
 this blood was different . 
 this blood was heavenly . 
 this blood , i was certain , was from a human . 
 there were no impurities in it . 
 it was silky smooth and fresh and filled with a life force that absolutely electrified me . 
 `` thirsty ? '' 
 asked kingsley . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 i found myself staring into the empty goblet , whose interior was coated now with a thin film of blood . 
 `` very , '' i said . 
 `` would you think less of me if i licked the inside ? '' 
 `` waste not , want not , i say . '' 
 i ran my tongue inside , licking hungrily , and only then did i realize how ghoulish i looked . 
 `` did that look as ghoulish as i think it did ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned . 
 `` worse . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 but that did n't stop me from using my index finger to swipe at the last few drops of blood . 
 kingsley watched me with a bemused expression . 
 he was wearing a robe and not much else . 
 his legs were hairy as hell , but also roped with muscle . 
 his toes , i saw , were extraordinarily long . 
 and hairy , too . 
 he wiggled them at me when he saw me looking at them . 
 they looked like ten frightened mice . 
 `` i 'm getting more and more used to drinking blood , '' i said . 
 `` it was bound to happen . '' 
 `` i mean , i 'll always hate the animal blood , but this human blood was nearly orgasmic . '' 
 `` do you feel stronger ? '' 
 `` in every way , but it 's late , or early , and i feel myself getting tired . '' 
 `` no worries . 
 the blood will more than sustain you for a few days . 
 much more so than that polluted pig and cow crap you drink . '' 
 i had experienced this before . 
 human blood revitalized me unlike anything else . 
 so much so that i realized that i was meant to drink human blood . 
 i was meant - designed - to kill humans . 
 `` so whose blood is this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you really want to know ? '' 
 `` no . 
 yes . 
 shit . '' 
 kingsley got up , and as he did so , he flashed me the goods . 
 whether he meant to or not , i do n't know ... but holy sweet jesus . 
 did i really just see that ? 
 my god , how did he walk around with that thing ? 
 kingsley , defense attorney , werewolf - and now , apparently , pervert - sat next to me and gave no indication that he had just given me the mother of all peep shows . 
 `` i 'm going to let you in on a little secret , '' he said , and knocked back the rest of his wine like it was booze-flavored kool-aide . 
 `` it 's not a secret , '' i said . 
 `` and it ai n't little . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` never mind . '' 
 but i caught the smallest of shit-eating grins on his face . 
 `` go on , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` and this time try to keep the robe closed . '' 
 `` i do my best to keep it closed . '' 
 i patted his meaty knee . 
 `` well , do better , big boy . 
 now , what is it that 's such a big secret ? '' 
 he sat back , but this time he kept the robe closed well enough . 
 `` the blood is from a donor , sam . '' 
 `` a donor ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` a willing donor ? '' 
 i prodded . 
 `` willing enough , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't like the sound of that . '' 
 `` it 's not as bad as it seems . '' 
 `` but it 's still bad ? '' 
 `` gruesome , perhaps . 
 macabre . '' 
 `` perhaps you should just tell me what you know . '' 
 `` there 's a world of vampires out there , sam , that you have n't been introduced to yet . 
 at least , i do n't think you have . '' 
 i thought back to detective hanner . 
 whether or not she was a vampire , i did n't know , and i most certainly had n't been officially introduced to other vampires . 
 the defense attorney went on . 
 `` you 're not the only one of your kind , sam , and the vampire who attacked you was n't the last . '' 
 knowing this set off alarm bells within me . 
 i did n't like knowing there were others like me , truth be known . 
 i knew me . 
 and i trusted me . 
 i did n't trust others . 
 `` how many more are there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not many ; in fact , very few . '' 
 `` are we talking thousands ? '' 
 `` hundreds , perhaps . 
 scattered around the world . '' 
 and yet there were two in fullerton , i mused , but did n't say anything . 
 the one who had attacked me -lrb- and was subsequently killed by a vampire hunter a few months back ... the same hunter who later came looking for me -rrb- , and now perhaps detective hanner . 
 if you add me into the mix , that 's three in orange county alone . 
 hell , three in fullerton alone . 
 kingsley went on : `` there 's a larger than normal grouping of vamps here in southern california ; particularly los angeles . '' 
 `` i might have met one . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i hesitated , wondering if i might be giving away detective hanner 's secret . 
 after all , i was n't sure if there could n't be some weird , age-old vampire/werewolf feud going on . 
 -lrb- and if there was , why had n't i gotten the memo ? -rrb- 
 kingsley reached over and laid his warm hand on my knee . 
 i inwardly sighed . 
 i craved warmth . 
 and other than the snuggling hugs of my kids , the warmth from a man was the next best . 
 he said , `` do n't worry , sam . 
 many of the local vampires are friends of mine . '' 
 `` friends ? '' 
 `` close acquaintances . 
 we sort of naturally gravitate to each other . '' 
 `` and there 's no , like , war or something going on ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` war ? '' 
 `` you know , like on twilight or underworld . '' 
 he squeezed my knee a little . 
 `` and what would we be fighting over ? '' 
 `` dominion over the earth ? 
 the blood of humanity ? '' 
 `` there are others who control the earth , sam , and they are very human . 
 and , hell , even i 'm afraid of them . '' 
 i told him about the fullerton detective . 
 as i did , kingsley nodded and smiled . 
 `` an old friend . '' 
 `` how old ? '' 
 `` older than you and i combined . 
 anyway , hanner , like other immortals , have taken precautions to discreetly blend in with society . '' 
 `` so they do n't run around killing people . '' 
 `` not as often as you would think . '' 
 i said , `` and that 's where the donors come in . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` and who are these donors ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` selected humans . '' 
 `` and how are they selected ? '' 
 `` most are lovers . 
 some are enemies . 
 and a few are simply unfortunate enough to have crossed paths with a hungry vampire . '' 
 `` do these donors know they are donating to real vampires ? '' 
 `` my guess would be yes and no . 
 perhaps a few of the more trusted ones do . '' 
 `` and the others ? '' 
 `` the others are , i imagine , giving their blood most unwillingly . '' 
 `` then why call them ` donors ' ? '' 
 `` it sounds better , do n't you think ? '' 
 i turned the empty goblet in my hand . 
 what little of the red stuff remained had long since dried . 
 i suddenly felt sick to my stomach . 
 so whose blood had this belonged to ? 
 i may never know . 
 a sudden wave of weakness hit me . 
 the sun was coming . 
 `` i need a place to crash , '' i said . 
 `` mi bed es su bed . '' 
 `` that 's some of the worst spanish i 've ever heard . '' 
 he squeezed my knee harder . 
 `` i 'm getting up now anyway . 
 you can have the bed to yourself . '' 
 my heart sank a little . 
 `` is something wrong , sam ? '' 
 i still had n't forgiven kingsley , but i did miss his touch . 
 `` would you ... '' i paused , then tried again . 
 `` would you lay with me until i fall asleep ? '' 
 he smiled brightly . 
 `` would be my pleasure . 
 and i 'll wake franklin up and have him vampire-treat the windows with some blankets or something . '' 
 `` oh , great , '' i said , as the first wave of exhaustion hit me . 
 `` give him even more reason to hate me . '' 
 chapter thirty-six although i generally need to crank my alarm clock as loud as it gets to rouse me from my sleep , i found myself emerging from the blackest of depths at the sound of my cell phone ringing . 
 by the fourth ring , i was almost alive again . 
 by the fifth , i had fumbled for it on kingsley 's nightstand . 
 i had a brief glimpse of the time : 10:18 a.m. i also had a brief glimpse of the caller : aaron king , the old l.a. detective with the killer smile . 
 i answered the phone . 
 at least , i think i answered the phone . 
 i touched a button on the cell and hoped for the best . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` did you just say ` hello ' ? '' 
 said aaron king . 
 `` i think so , yes . '' 
 `` you sound like a dying frog . '' 
 `` you 're closer than you think . '' 
 `` i 've got news , '' he said . 
 `` do n't tell me you 've been working all night . '' 
 `` there 's no rest for the wicked . 
 besides , i do n't sleep well these days . '' 
 i sat up a little straighter . 
 kingsley , i saw , was long gone . 
 the shades in the room had been drawn tight . 
 a blanket , a bed comforter perhaps , had also been hung over a small window above the bed . 
 and it had been hung neatly , too . 
 franklin might not like me very much , but he did good work . 
 i said , `` what 's your news ? '' 
 `` i just got a call from a kid in buena park . 
 he recognized our guy on the flyer . 
 apparently , lauren and maddie 's friend is a big-time drug runner and all-around scary man . '' 
 `` you should see me trembling . 
 what else does our contact know ? '' 
 `` the guy 's name is carl luck . 
 known drug dealer and pornographer . '' 
 `` mommy would be proud . '' 
 `` last our contact heard , mr. luck lives in simi valley . '' 
 `` the porn capital of the world . '' 
 `` you say that like it 's a bad thing . '' 
 `` eww , '' i said . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 it gets better . '' 
 `` i love better . '' 
 `` apparently carl luck drinks and gambles at an indian casino near simi , called moon feathers . '' 
 `` a fitting name . '' 
 `` i thought so , '' he said . 
 `` anyway , i did a background check on carl luck . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and nothing . '' 
 i thought about that . 
 `` maybe that 's not his real name . '' 
 `` maybe it 's his gambling nom de plume . '' 
 `` better than calling yourself carl loser . '' 
 i could almost see king grin on his end of the line . 
 `` anyway , his name does n't matter , '' i said . 
 `` he could call himself pepe le pew for all i care . 
 just as long as he shows up at moon feathers . '' 
 `` do n't forget the part about him being a bad man . 
 remember , there 's a very good chance that he killed maddie 's mother . 
 and do n't give me that shit about you being a highly trained federal agent . '' 
 `` i 'm a highly trained federal agent , i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 he paused , then added . 
 `` i want to come with you . 
 maybe bring the boys as back ups . '' 
 i shook my head even though aaron could n't see me shaking my head . 
 `` no . 
 i want to go alone . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 promise . '' 
 he did n't like it , and i did n't blame him . 
 i would n't have liked it either . 
 the truth was , the boys just might get in the way . 
 he said , `` i 'll keep my phone handy . 
 call me if you need anything . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` promise me . '' 
 `` scout 's honor . '' 
 he laughed harder . 
 `` okay , a federal agent i believe , but i know you were n't a boy scout . '' 
 we fell into silence and i felt that there was something heavy on aaron 's heart . 
 i waited for him . 
 twenty seconds later he spoke , and i sensed it was after much deliberation . 
 `` i saw you looking at me last night . '' 
 i waited , sensing where this would go . 
 `` i know that look , '' he said . 
 `` and what look is that ? '' 
 `` recognition , '' he said simply . 
 just outside the bedroom , i heard the sounds of someone cleaning : items on a table being moved and then being replaced again . 
 i knew kingsley did n't use a house cleaner . 
 it was just franklin . 
 the idea of catching the gangly , patchwork man using a feather duster almost made me laugh . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , although i was certain i knew perfectly well what he meant . 
 `` you know who i am . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` do n't play coy with me , kiddo . 
 i saw the look on your eyes last night . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 now i heard franklin humming to himself . 
 humming and dusting . 
 a man composed of perhaps a dozen different men . 
 i had frankenstein outside my door , and elvis on the phone . 
 my life is weird . 
 `` i know things , '' i said . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` some call it a gift . 
 i do n't know what to call it . '' 
 `` are we talking esp or something ? '' 
 `` yeah , something like that . '' 
 `` so then there 's no secrets from you . '' 
 `` often , no , although i ca n't always control the psychic hits i get , '' i said . 
 i could almost see him nodding to himself at the other end of the line . 
 he said , `` i know a thing or two about secrets , lil ' lady , especially after keeping such a big one for so long . '' 
 `` i bet , '' i said , although i did n't like where this was going . 
 he paused , then said , `` and you have a big one yourself . '' 
 `` no comment , '' i said . 
 he chuckled lightly into the mouthpiece . 
 `` call me if you need any help . 
 psychic or not , i do n't like the idea of you heading out to that casino alone . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 `` maybe , '' he said , and now he did n't bother to disguise his voice . 
 a harmonious and deep southern twang came through , edged with age , but as familiar as apple pie . 
 he said , `` either way , lil ' mama , let 's get a coffee some time and talk about secrets . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan , '' i said , and shivered . 
 i felt like a teenager at her first concert . 
 an elvis concert , no less . 
 he chuckled lightly and hung up . 
 chapter thirty-seven it was early afternoon , and i was sitting next to my son 's bed . 
 the blinds were drawn tight , but i was still feeling weak and miserable and utterly exhausted . 
 i should n't be awake . 
 i should be asleep in the dark . 
 of course , whether or not i actually sleep is still an unanswered question . 
 a few years ago , just after my attack and back when danny was still making an effort to be a supportive husband , we had done an experiment . 
 he had watched me closely while i slept . 
 his conclusion -lrb- and he had looked seriously rattled when he had reported this -rrb- , was that i did n't appear to be moving or breathing or even alive . 
 that i had looked like a corpse in a morgue . 
 hell , that might have been when i started losing him . 
 speaking of danny , he had waited here until my arrival , and had then given me a long and creepy hug that had included a little pelvic thrust that made me want to vomit . 
 i mean , what the hell was that ? 
 our son is lying in a hospital bed and he 's coming on to me ? 
 it had taken all my willpower not to drive my knee up into said groin . 
 he then patted my shoulder , gave me a pathetic puppy dog look with a crooked grin , and then quickly departed . 
 after all , he had ambulances to chase . 
 i shuddered again . 
 some errant sunlight from an opening in the window splashed across the far wall , and just looking at it seemed to have an ill effect on me . 
 sunlight , quite simply , drained me . 
 it also physically hurt like hell , which led me to believe that if i were exposed to it long enough , without protection , i had every reason to believe i would die a very painful and miserable death . 
 so much for being immortal . 
 my son had yet to stir . 
 nurses had come and gone . 
 all of whom smiled sadly at me , although most tried to lift my spirits . 
 for a boy to lie unconscious this long , for a boy to be this sick , for a boy to have doctors this concerned , well , things did not look good for a loving mama , and they knew it . 
 still , they smiled and said kind things , and i nodded and accepted their words , and when they were gone , i wept . 
 i was not weeping when detective sherbet stepped into the room . 
 the big guy came bearing gifts , and the sight of him daintily holding the string of a helium-filled balloon in one hand and clutching a fistful of flowers in the other was enough to make my heart smile . 
 he stood there blinking , eyes adjusting to the gloom . 
 and while he blinked and adjusted , i eased off the bed and crossed the room and threw my arms around the detective in a move that i think surprised him . 
 `` excuse me , ma'am , but am i in the right place ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` most definitely , '' i said . 
 i was still hugging him . 
 god , he was so warm ... and thick around the middle . 
 just the way i liked it . 
 `` you do realize that you are still hugging me , '' he said , but i felt him switch the balloon over and then use his free hand to pat me gently on the head . 
 i could n't speak . 
 instead , a big choking sob burst out of me and i hugged him harder than i had hugged anyone before , and my tears quickly stained his shirt . 
 chapter thirty-eight hidden in the crook of his arm , previously unnoticed , had been a big , greasy bag of donuts . 
 we were now sitting across from each other at the foot of my son 's bed . 
 the smell of the greasy donut was both delicious and nauseating . 
 sherbet was currently working on a maple old fashioned . 
 some of the frosting broke off and had sprinkled down his shirt and over his thick thigh . 
 he ignored the frosting crumbs . 
 i thought they looked delicious . 
 `` i 'd offer you one , '' he said . 
 `` except i know you 'll say no . '' 
 `` thanks anyway , but i 'm not hungry . '' 
 `` gee , how did i know you were going to say that ? '' 
 he asked between bites . 
 `` because anyone who cared an ounce about their bodies would n't put that crap in it . '' 
 which was a lie . 
 i loved donuts . 
 i just could n't eat them ... or anything , for that matter . 
 `` except for those whose bodies are indestructible , '' said sherbet off-handedly . 
 my heart slammed hard against my ribs . 
 sweet , jesus , what did sherbet know ? 
 he stopped chewing and looked at me curiously . 
 `` you look like you just saw a ghost . 
 relax , my doctor tells me my heart has no business being as strong as it is . '' 
 i breathed again . 
 good lord . 
 i said , `` and so you figure you might as well push your heart to the limit ? '' 
 `` not really , '' he said , sucking on his fingers . 
 `` i just like donuts . '' 
 i shook my head while he dug into the bag , coming up with something pink and sprinkled . 
 he said , `` i 've grown rather fond of these donuts . '' 
 `` and how 's your son , by the way ? '' 
 i asked . 
 sherbet looked at me from over the donut . 
 `` i bring out a pink donut and it immediately reminds you of my son ? '' 
 `` yes and no . '' 
 he chomped into it . 
 pink frosting coated his thick , cop mustache . 
 `` he 's fine , of course . 
 i love him terribly , but there 's something definitely wrong . '' 
 `` wrong how ? '' 
 `` i keep catching him in his mother 's clothing , especially her shoes . '' 
 `` is it that you catch him , or he likes to wear them ? '' 
 `` both , i think . 
 makes me want to cry . '' 
 we were silent , and as the wall clock behind me ticked so loudly that i could practically hear the inner gears grinding together , sherbet figured out what an ass he was being . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` you 've got your little one here fighting for his life and i 'm bitching because mine likes to dress up like nanny mcphee . '' 
 i nodded , said nothing . 
 sherbet reached out and placed his warm hand over my own . 
 he took mine tightly and did n't flinch from the cold . 
 i think he was getting used to my icy hands . 
 `` let 's change the subject , okay ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 i nodded again and looked away . 
 i was n't going to cry . 
 i was tired of crying . 
 he said , `` the guy you found dead in the meth house was murdered . '' 
 `` i 'm shocked and outraged , '' i said . 
 i was neither , of course . 
 drug hits were common and quickly forgotten by the police . 
 `` execution style , too . '' 
 `` do we care enough about him to know his name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' said sherbet . 
 `` we do n't . 
 he was a known user and dealer . 
 too many suspects , too little time . 
 the place was grand central station for meth and blow ... and other things as well . '' 
 `` prostitutes , '' i said . 
 `` and various child abuses that we need not get into here . '' 
 `` let 's call it for what it is , detective . 
 child slavery and prostitution . '' 
 the detective looked sick . 
 i felt sick , too . 
 he nodded gravely and dropped the unfinished donut in his bag . 
 it 's hard to have an appetite for pink donuts when the talk turns to child abuse . 
 he said , `` from what we understand , the children are used as ... payments , of one sort or another . '' 
 i nodded , and felt bile rise in the back of my throat . 
 sherbet continued , `` maddie 's mother was no doubt caught up in it . 
 and now she 's dead , apparently . '' 
 `` and little maddie is alone , '' i said . 
 sherbet nodded and we were silent . 
 he turned to me . 
 `` you making any headway on the case ? '' 
 `` some , '' i said . 
 i decided not to mention aaron 's hot lead in simi valley . 
 mostly because i did n't trust the police enough at this point to get maddie out alive , wherever she was . 
 i trusted sherbet , certainly , but he was only one man , and simi valley was not his beat , not by a long shot . 
 `` let me know if you need some help , '' he said . 
 `` you bet . '' 
 sherbet was openly staring at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i was just thinking . '' 
 `` do n't hurt yourself , detective . '' 
 he ignored me . 
 `` it 's funny how suspects keep ending up dead on cases you investigate . '' 
 `` whatever do you mean , detective ? '' 
 `` you were working an angle on the jerry blum case last month . '' 
 `` you know this how ? '' 
 `` i have friends in the fbi , too , sam . '' 
 `` good for you . '' 
 `` you were making inquiries for your client . 
 a stuart something-or-other . '' 
 `` stuart young . '' 
 `` whatever . 
 anyway , jerry blum has been missing for a month . '' 
 `` maybe he 's on the lam . '' 
 `` or maybe he 's dead , '' said sherbet . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` well , let 's try to keep the body count down this time , sam . '' 
 `` people die , '' i said . 
 `` especially bad people . '' 
 `` i 'll pretend i did n't hear that . '' 
 my son made a small sound and turned over in his sleep . 
 as he turned , the black shadow that surrounded him turned with him . 
 my heart sank further . 
 sherbet patted me on the shoulder and stood . 
 he looked down at me long and hard , and then left . 
 chapter thirty-nine you there , moon dance ? 
 it was fang via a text message . 
 with our super-secret identities now revealed , we had graduated from anonymous im messages to exchanging our cell numbers and texting like real people . 
 or , at least , like teenagers . 
 i was still sitting next to my son . 
 it was coming on noon and i was weak and sad and tired . 
 hi , fang . 
 : -lrb- there was a slight delay , perhaps a minute . 
 texting was n't as fast as iming . 
 why are you sad , moon dance ? 
 it 's my son . 
 you mentioned he was sick . 
 is he not better ? 
 worse , i wrote , paused , and then added : he 's dying . 
 that was all i could write . 
 and even writing those two words was nearly impossible . 
 the words seemed so unlikely , implausible , unreal . 
 more so than my own vampirism . 
 how could my healthy , happy , quirky little boy be dying ? 
 outside the room , a doctor rushed quickly by . 
 i heard shouting from somewhere . 
 two orderlies quickly followed behind . 
 doctors risked their lives more than people realized . 
 you would never say that lightly , wrote fang . 
 so it must be true . 
 i spent the next few minutes catching him up to date on my son 's health and the black halo surrounding his body . 
 there was a long period of silence from my phone , which i had set to vibrate . 
 i adjusted my weight on my hip and reached out and stroked my son 's face . 
 he was burning up . 
 the phone vibrated . 
 do the doctor 's know what 's wrong with him ? 
 they 're saying it could be kawasaki 's disease . 
 hold on . 
 and i knew fang was looking up the disease . 
 i ran my fingers through my son 's hair for the next five minutes . 
 my phone buzzed again . 
 there 's only a 2 % mortality rate , fang wrote . 
 2 % is enough , i wrote . 
 i 'm sorry , moon dance . 
 i wish there was something i could do . 
 i was about to write to him , when another message appeared from fang . 
 it was simple and to the point : actually , moon dance , i think i know of a way to save your son . 
 do n't go anywhere ! 
 i 'm calling you . 
 chapter forty i was outside of st. jude 's , huddled under the eve of the main entrance , as deep in the shadows as i could be . 
 still , i could literally feel my skin burning . 
 i could give a damn about my skin . 
 fang answered my call immediately . 
 `` hello , moon dance . '' 
 i found myself pacing , turning small circles in front of the hospital entrance . 
 the automatic door kept sliding open . 
 the information nurse working the front desk gave me a nasty look . 
 i ignored her . 
 `` talk to me , fang . '' 
 `` i 'm talking , '' he said , and i could hear the excitement in his voice . 
 `` there is a way to save your son . '' 
 `` what way ? '' 
 and the moment i asked the question , i knew the answer . 
 fang and i were deeply connected and i either picked up on his thoughts or intuited his meaning . 
 i think i gasped and nearly choked . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` no fucking way . 
 i 'm not doing it . '' 
 `` you read my mind , moon dance . '' 
 `` of course i read your fucking mind . 
 i have to sit . '' 
 there was an alabaster bench just inside the shade that i would risk , and as i sat , i regretted doing so almost immediately . 
 i could practically smell my burning skin , despite my long sleeves and heavy sunscreen . 
 i ignored the pain and buried my face in my hands . 
 people were looking at me , sure , but a grieving mother outside of a children 's hospital was n't anything new . 
 but a grieving mother contemplating giving her son eternal life was another matter altogether . 
 i said , `` i ca n't do it , fang . 
 i could never do that to him . 
 how could you even suggest that ? '' 
 `` you did n't let me finish . 
 or , for that matter , speak , since you read my thoughts . '' 
 yes , i knew there was more . 
 i knew he was eager to continue with this , but my own wildly spinning emotions prevented me from picking up on his additional thoughts . 
 in fact , they still did . 
 `` go ahead , '' i said . 
 `` the medallion , moon dance . '' 
 and that 's all he needed to say ; in an instant i knew what he meant and what he was getting at . 
 the medallion , or amulet . 
 or whatever it was . 
 worn by my attacker six years ago , and hand-delivered to me by the vampire hunter who killed him . 
 the medallion , that , according to kingsley , could reverse vampirism . 
 fang was speaking , but i was having a hell of a time focusing . 
 he said , `` heal him with vampirism , moon dance , and then return him to mortality with the medallion . '' 
 `` but how ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... but someone out there does . '' 
 `` i got ta go , '' i said suddenly , and clicked off . 
 chapter forty-one kingsley fulcrum had a new secretary . 
 no surprise there since i watched the last one die a few months ago , shot to death by none other than detective sherbet . 
 and , since killing together has a way of bonding people , perhaps that 's why the good detective and i got along so swimmingly . 
 it was a working theory . 
 this new secretary was n't as sexy as the last . 
 which was probably a good thing . 
 maybe after a century or more , the big bad wolf was finally learning to keep it in his pants , or tucked away in his fur . 
 anyway , this slightly older and plainer secretary -lrb- although still cute in her ruffled cardigan sweater -rrb- told me that kingsley was with a client . 
 kingsley 's clients were often murderers with a lot of money . 
 i could give a fuck about his clients . 
 as i marched past her and down a hallway , i heard her rapidly punching buttons on the intercom . 
 she must have successfully buzzed kingsley , because as i threw open his door he was just reaching for the phone with what appeared to be a look of irritation . 
 the mighty attorney did n't like to be disturbed , apparently . 
 the look of irritation quickly turned to one of dumbfounded shock when he saw me . 
 the big guy cleaned up well . 
 he was looking absolutely debonair in a black armani suit , a pair of over-the-top and beyond stylish berluti shoes , and hair so slicked back that a girl might break a nail scratching behind his ears . 
 unless that girl , of course , was a vampire . 
 `` sam , '' he said , standing slowly from behind his desk . 
 `` this is n't a good time . '' 
 his client turned to me . 
 another man dressed in a nice suit . 
 a man who looked bored and rich and entitled . 
 okay , it 's hard to look entitled , but that was the feeling i was getting from him . 
 i also got a very strong hit that he was a murderer . 
 a cold-blooded murderer . 
 i got another hit ... he had strangled his own wife in her sleep . 
 i heard her last strangled gasps as i stood there in the doorway and he sat there looking bored . 
 sweet jesus my hits were getting stronger and stronger . 
 i walked over to the guy and pulled him out of his chair . 
 he did n't go willingly . 
 he tried to push my hands away but could n't . 
 as i pulled him out of his chair , kingsley ran from around his desk , his armani suit swooshing . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shouted the guy as i held him in front of me . 
 kingsley shouted something similar . 
 the guy tried again to shove me away , but i was n't going anywhere . 
 i had him by the collar of his nice suit . 
 and now that he was on his feet , i slammed his face hard onto the table . 
 `` you killed her , you worthless piece of shit . 
 you strangled her in her sleep , you fucking coward , and then you lit a cuban cigar after a job well done . 
 an illegal cuban cigar . '' 
 he struggled to get up , but i held him down on the table and all the anger and frustration and pain and confusion and despair i had felt over the past few days came flooding out of me . 
 i lifted his face and slammed it again into the table . 
 blood immediately pooled around his eye socket . 
 i had split the skin along his upper orbital ridge . 
 poor baby . 
 `` i will personally see to it that you rot in hell , you fucking - '' and that 's when kingsley pulled me off the man . 
 kicking and screaming , i did n't go willingly . 
 but kingsley happened to be one hell of a strong guy . 
 chapter forty-two `` what the hell was that , sam ? '' 
 i was sitting in an empty side office . 
 apparently , kingsley fulcrum made so much blood money representing rich , murderous scumbags that he could afford to have empty offices . 
 `` what was what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was still fuming , and i was having a hard time looking kingsley in the eye . 
 the big son-of-a-bitch was really bothering me these days . 
 i had come here for a completely different reason , but i had let my emotions get the better of me . 
 hey , i 'm only human . 
 or something . 
 `` playing whack-a-mole with my client 's head , sam . 
 that 's what . '' 
 `` whack-a-mole ? '' 
 i asked , and i started laughing , nearly hysterically , and then i was crying , definitely hysterically , harder than i had in quite a long time . 
 kingsley stood apart from me , watching me , and then he came over and gave me a big hug , wrapping those huge arms around me , patting my back and rubbing my shoulders , and telling me everything would be okay . 
 * * * i was calmer . 
 we were back in kingsley 's office , minus the murderous scumbag , who had apparently left holding a bag of ice to his face . 
 someone had cleaned the blood off the table , although i could still smell the sharp hemoglobin radiating off the freshly polished wood surface . 
 must be the vampire in me . 
 my stomach growled , and i hated myself for that . 
 `` you ca n't keep killing my clients , sam , '' said kingsley . 
 his right butt cheek was sitting on the corner of his desk . 
 i was sitting in one of his client chairs . 
 everywhere around me were depictions of moons : moon photographs , paperweights , lamps . 
 even a moon screen saver . 
 the moon bookends , each by itself a half moon , seemed to be the newest edition to his office . 
 yeah , the man had a moon obsession , which stands to reason . 
 his obsession was also how he had found me in the phone book so many months ago . 
 under `` moon '' , of course . 
 `` well , your clients are scumbags , '' i said . 
 `` be that as it may , they deserve a fair trial . '' 
 `` whatever helps you sleep at night , big guy . '' 
 `` why are you here , sam ? '' 
 i stared at him ... no doubt icily . 
 he calmly returned my gaze . 
 we did this for about ten seconds before i finally lowered my eyes and looked away . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` that was n't cool . 
 i guess i 'm desperate . '' 
 `` a desperate vampire is a sight to see . '' 
 `` a desperate mother is worse . '' 
 he nodded and eased off the corner of his desk . 
 he sat next to me and adjusted the drape of his pants . 
 kingsley , as always , smelled of fine cologne and that special something else . 
 something wild . 
 he waited . 
 as he waited , i gathered my thoughts . 
 finally , i said , `` the medallion that 's in my possession ... '' he looked at me sideways , turning his head just a fraction of an inch . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 `` is it really true that it can reverse vampirism ? '' 
 although i was n't looking at him , i knew he had narrowed his eyes . 
 kingsley was nearly impossible for me to read psychically . 
 i wondered if it was like that for all other immortals , too . 
 he said , `` that 's the legend about it . '' 
 `` what else do you know about it ? '' 
 `` i know that a lot of people are looking for it . '' 
 `` people ? 
 or vampires ? '' 
 `` vampires are people , too , '' he said , grinning easily . 
 and then he grew serious . 
 `` why , sam ? '' 
 the smell of blood wafting up from the desk was diminishing . 
 the growling in my stomach subsided accordingly . 
 i told kingsley about my plan , minus any references to fang . 
 there was no need to make the big werewolf jealous . 
 fang might be a freaky dude , but he was no physical match for kingsley . 
 at least , not presently . 
 make me into a vampire , moon dance . 
 yeah , i still have n't forgotten those words . 
 anyway , i laid the plan out to kingsley , and as i did so , he leaned a meaty elbow against the chair 's arm and took me in , watching me closely as i spoke . 
 and as i spoke , i could n't help but notice that the slight amber in his eyes caught some of the office lighting and reflected it back to me twofold . 
 tenfold . 
 he can look so wild sometimes . 
 when i was done talking , kingsley 's reply was instant and heart breaking : `` i do n't like it , sam . '' 
 `` what 's not to like ? '' 
 i said , jumping up . 
 i paced behind him . 
 `` i save my son and later , i return him to being human . 
 it 's perfect . '' 
 he was shaking his head , and the amber glow was gone from his eyes , replaced with something close to alarm . 
 and also something else . 
 concern . 
 `` unless it does n't work , sam . '' 
 `` but why would n't it work ? '' 
 i heard the desperation in my voice , which had risen an octave or two . 
 i spun on kingsley , standing before him . 
 `` because it 's just a story , sam . 
 a legend . '' 
 `` all legends have some basis of truth . 
 look at us . 
 and quit looking at me that way . '' 
 `` what way ? '' 
 `` like i 've lost my mind . '' 
 he stood suddenly and towered over me . 
 `` i do n't think you 've lost your mind , but i think you 're desperate , and dangerous , and if you would for one second listen to yourself you would see how scary you sound . '' 
 i looked up at him as he looked down at me . 
 he was breathing hard , and i could hear his heart thumping through his wide chest . 
 `` who do i need to talk to ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` who would know more about the medallion ? '' 
 he looked at me long and hard . 
 `` sam , please . '' 
 `` i 'm going to do whatever it takes to save my son , goddammit . '' 
 `` even if it means turning him into a monster , sam ? 
 even if it means draining the blood from his body ? 
 and what if you ca n't turn him back ? 
 what then , sam ? '' 
 i heard footsteps just outside kingsley 's office door . 
 his new secretary was there . 
 how much she 'd heard , i did n't know , but i suspected his doors were quite thick . 
 if anything , she was concerned for her boss 's welfare . 
 i said nothing . 
 how could anyone answer that question ? 
 hell , has that question ever been posed before ? 
 ever ? 
 in the history of mankind ? 
 kingsley continued , `` i 'll tell you what would happen if you ca n't change him back , sam . 
 your son will be undead , like you . 
 he will feed on blood , like you . 
 he will be a monster . '' 
 `` like me ? '' 
 `` for all eternity , sam . 
 your boy . 
 your little boy . 
 do n't do this to him , sam . 
 you ca n't take this chance . '' 
 i held his gaze long and hard . 
 `` who do i talk to , kingsley ? '' 
 he took in a lot of air , crossed his arms , and looked away . 
 `` let me ask around , sam . '' 
 i nodded and felt a combination of joy and dread , fear and hope . 
 `` thank you , '' i said . 
 but he did n't answer me or look at me , and shortly after that i left his office . 
 chapter forty-three i had just slipped into my car after practically sprinting across the baking asphalt when my phone rang . 
 gasping and in real pain , i looked at the faceplate : caller unknown . 
 heart thumping and still reeling from my singed skin , i clicked on the phone . 
 `` hello , '' i said . 
 my face and hands were on fire , despite the copious amounts of sunscreen - and a sunhat that was wide enough to shade a small balkan country . 
 `` hi , '' said the tiny voice , a voice that was somehow even tinier than i remembered . 
 `` maddie ! '' 
 `` you know my name . '' 
 `` of course i know your name , honey . '' 
 but as much as i wanted to comfort her and reassure her , i needed information . 
 `` maddie , honey , how many people live with you ? '' 
 `` two grownup men now . '' 
 `` are they black or white ? '' 
 `` bofth . 
 the white man is new . 
 he 's really mean . '' 
 maddie had a slight lisp and it was the most precious sound i had ever heard . 
 i absently started my car and turned my air conditioner full blast on me , while huddling as far away from any sunlight as i could . 
 my van 's side windows were equipped with pull-down shades , which i rarely , if ever , pulled up . 
 the windshield sunshade was still in place , blocking most of the sun , although laser-like beams still found their way through here and there . 
 so there was a black guy and a white guy . 
 the white guy , i knew , could have been hispanic or even asian . 
 maddie was only five . 
 i doubted she saw race and color like an older child would . 
 or as an adult would . 
 sherbet had confirmed the worse , that some kind of children swapping was going on . 
 children for drugs . 
 children for money . 
 children for sex . 
 a slave trade where lives meant little , and no doubt most kids disappeared or ended up dead . 
 along with the mothers . 
 `` maddie , honey , are you in a house ? '' 
 `` a house ? '' 
 `` or is it an apartment ? '' 
 `` peoples live here . 
 we take the vader . '' 
 the vader ? 
 my head was swimming . 
 jesus , i had had my questions rehearsed for when and if i heard from maddie again , but now all my questions had gone out the window . 
 think . 
 focus . 
 `` honey , what can you see from the window ? 
 can you see anything ? '' 
 there was a slight pause . 
 i heard her pushing aside what sounded like blinds . 
 `` i see a big house . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` it 's high on top of the biggest mountain i 've ever seen ! '' 
 my heart started hammering . 
 i knew simi valley . 
 the federal agency i had worked for , hud , used a facility outside of the city to hold seminars and training . 
 the facility was away from prying eyes , up against the base of a majestic , sweeping mountain range . 
 or , perhaps , a very big hill . 
 certainly big enough to call a mountain if you were a small girl from the streets of buena park . 
 and at the top of the hill , majestically overlooking the city was a museum . 
 not quite a mansion , but it looks like one from a distance . 
 the ronald reagan museum . 
 the moon feather indian casino , if i recalled correctly , was n't too far away from our training facility , either . 
 she 's in simi valley . 
 i knew it . 
 i felt it in every fiber of my being . 
 i also sensed something else . 
 or , rather someone else . 
 and from somewhere over the phone line , i heard what sounded like a door slam followed by a man 's yell . 
 the yell sounded drunken and angry . 
 `` i have to go , '' said maddie , whispering into the mouthpiece . 
 her whisper sounded nearly as loud as her little voice . 
 the line dropped before i could say goodbye . 
 chapter forty-four i was back at the hospital , sitting in a chair at the foot of my son 's bed . 
 he was sleeping quietly . 
 too quietly . 
 i would have thought he was dead if not for the hospital equipment that chirped out a heart beat . 
 the dark halo around him was bigger than ever . 
 my son , to my eyes , seemed lost in a cloud of black smoke . 
 sitting on my lap was a clipboard with a mostly blank sheet of paper i had found in the backseat of my car . 
 the paper had my daughter 's name on it and the beginning of an assignment . 
 i wondered idly if she ever finished the assignment . 
 i held in my hand a pilot gel ink rolling ball pen , which i preferred to use when i did my automatic writing sessions . 
 automatic writing is still new to me . 
 in fact , i 'd only done it a couple of times , and both times i was certain i was going crazy . 
 in essence , as it was initially explained to me by fang -lrb- and verified by a little online research -rrb- the process of automatic writing is a way to communicate with the spirit world . 
 in particular , with highly evolved enlightened beings who know what the hell they 're talking about . 
 at least , that was the idea . 
 who or what came through in these sessions was certainly open to debate . 
 and , yes , there was a part of me that seriously suspected i was moving my own hand , and giving myself the answers i wanted to hear . 
 just a part of me . 
 the other part of me , perhaps the part that was still human , believed that i was getting messages from beyond . 
 by spirit guides , or spiritual beings . 
 or , for all i knew , jim morrison , unless he was alive , too , and working as a bounty hunter in hawaii . 
 i went through the various steps of centering myself , imagining silver cords attaching themselves to my ankles and lower spine and reaching down through the many hospital floors , the building 's foundation , through the very ground itself , down through hell and a lost world of dinosaurs , and all the way to the center of the earth , where i mentally tied them tightly around three massive boulders . 
 now firmly anchored , i closed my eyes and attempted to empty my mind by focusing on the physical act of breathing , drawing air in through my nose and out my mouth , even if it was air i did n't need . 
 except i kept thinking about my son , lying there just a few feet away , fighting for his life . 
 focus , sam . 
 i closed my eyes and , as i breathed , i pictured the stale , medicinal hospital air flowing over my lips and down deep into my lungs . 
 i breathed in , holding the air , and then exhaled it . 
 i did this over and over , breathing and picturing , and any time i thought of my son , i gently released the thought . 
 in and out , in and out . 
 breathe , breathe . 
 my hand twitched . 
 i kept reminding myself to breathe , and as i breathed i imagined the air currents tinged with gold , and the golden air flowing into my mouth and filling me with golden light . 
 my hand twitched again , followed by a full-blown spasm . 
 the pen gripped in my fingers moved back and forth . 
 it 's coming , i thought . 
 whatever it is . 
 keep breathing . 
 breathing . 
 in and out . 
 golden light . 
 jesus , my hand is moving . 
 do n't think about it . 
 good , good . 
 but now i could n't deny that something seemed to have settled in me . 
 i actually felt another presence . 
 a warm and loving presence . 
 and then my hand moved again , and again , and i realized it was writing . 
 i looked down at my clipboard as two words appeared : hello , samantha . 
 chapter forty-five `` hello , '' i said quietly , feeling slightly silly , but also feeling like something very important , and very exciting , was happening . 
 `` um , how are you ? '' 
 i added lamely . 
 my hand twitched again and again , and it kept on twitching until it wrote out a reply . 
 i could only watch in stunned silence . 
 my hand , in these moments , did not feel like my own . 
 i 'm doing very well , it wrote . 
 it 's a great day to be alive , is it not ? 
 `` am i alive ? '' 
 i whispered , my voice barely audible to myself . 
 `` there 's some who think that beings such as myself are dead . '' 
 more twitching and tingling . 
 more writing . 
 do you feel dead ? 
 `` no , but i feel very ... different . '' 
 twitch , write . 
 you should feel different . 
 we are all different . 
 `` am i dead ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` and do n't ask : do i feel dead ? '' 
 your body went through a massive transformation , or metamorphoses , samantha , but it did not die . 
 `` then why do n't i breathe ? 
 why ca n't i eat ? '' 
 that 's the metamorphoses of which i speak . 
 or write . 
 your body , quite literally , is not the same , and thus does not have the same requirements . 
 `` like food or air . '' 
 exactly . 
 yes . 
 `` but i still need blood . '' 
 of course . 
 this is your new body 's requirements . 
 `` and so my new body is a killer , if it must feast on blood . '' 
 does all blood need to come from that which is dead ? 
 `` no , '' i said , and my voice trailed off . 
 i thought about something kingsley had said earlier , about blood donors . 
 those who donated willingly ... and those who most certainly did not . 
 blood debt perhaps . 
 yes , samantha , you are a far more powerful being than you were before , but what you make of your new physical form is up to you . 
 `` i could choose to kill . 
 or not to kill . '' 
 exactly . 
 yes . 
 just like everyone else . 
 `` so i have a new body ... but i still have the same moral code . '' 
 you are still you , sweet child , no matter what shape you take . 
 `` do n't call me sweet child . 
 it makes me want to cry . '' 
 why ? 
 `` because it sounds like you care about me . 
 that you love me . 
 but i do n't know who you are or what you are . '' 
 understood . 
 but remember , all you have to do is ask . 
 `` i have asked , but you 've avoided the question . '' 
 i did not avoid . 
 i simply gave you the answer you were ready for . 
 are you ready for the answer now ? 
 i thought about that . 
 i looked at my son sleeping on his back . 
 my god , had the black halo actually grown in just a few minutes ? 
 `` no . 
 not now . 
 wait . 
 perhaps just a name . '' 
 you want my name ? 
 `` yes . '' 
 my hand and pen paused , and then together they wrote : i am called by many names , through many lives , but i 'm most commonly called saint germain . 
 `` i 've heard of the name . '' 
 i 'd heard of the name . 
 saint germain was a european mystic . 
 an alchemist of the highest order . 
 he supposedly lived for centuries . 
 and , from most accounts , he never died . 
 they say he ascended ; that is , turned to light . 
 a heavenly being who was just as comfortable in the spirit world as the physical world , often alternating between the two . 
 and helping those in need . 
 and no , samantha , i 'm not a vampire , either . 
 `` then what are you ? '' 
 a seeker of truth . 
 `` and did you find the truth ? '' 
 i found what i was looking for , yes . 
 but there are always bigger questions , with bigger answers . 
 `` so you eternally seek answers . '' 
 `` forever and ever . '' 
 `` so why are you here with me now ? '' 
 you have called out for answers , samantha moon . 
 i 'm here to help you find them . 
 `` but why you ? '' 
 why not ? 
 `` fine , '' i said and rubbed my head . 
 i looked at my sick boy . 
 `` i want to talk about my son . '' 
 what would you like to know ? 
 `` is he going to die ? '' 
 there was a slight pause and the tingly sensation briefly abated , but then it returned . 
 i realized that maybe i did n't want to know the answer . 
 my hand moved across the page , and the gel ink flowed freely . 
 your son has his own path , samantha . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 we all follow our own paths , generally agreed on and known before our births . 
 `` who agrees on this ? '' 
 you . 
 and many others . 
 `` which others ? '' 
 those who care about you deeply . 
 and those who care about your son deeply . 
 `` and what 's his path ? '' 
 my voice was shaking now . 
 you know his path , sam . 
 you have foreseen it . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 there was a short , agonizing pause , and then : your son 's path will come to an end in this physical plane soon , as it has been decided upon , as he has decided , as well . 
 `` he 's only a little boy , goddammit . 
 what the hell does he know about anything ? '' 
 a little boy now , in the flesh , certainly . 
 but a very wise old soul eternally . 
 i covered my eyes with my free hand . 
 tears poured between my fingers . 
 it was all i could do to not throw the clipboard across the room . 
 `` why , why would he decide to end his life now ? 
 who would decide such a thing ? 
 why take him from me ? '' 
 there are many , many reasons , sam . 
 and most of those involve the growth of his own soul , and the growth of the souls around him . 
 adapting to loss is a big step toward growth . 
 it 's a horrible , cruel step toward growth . 
 how could you take my boy ? '' 
 i 'm not taking him , sam . 
 no one can take . 
 leaving this world is his choice and his choice alone . 
 `` but he 's just a boy . 
 he does n't know what he 's doing , and do n't give me that crap that he 's an old soul . 
 he 's not . 
 he 's just a little boy . 
 a little , sick boy . '' 
 a little , sick boy with a highly evolved soul , samantha . 
 he understands his purpose here at the soul level , even if not at the physical level . 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 i 'm sorry , samantha . 
 i wept hard for a few minutes , barely able to control myself . 
 finally , when i could speak again , i said , `` are you there ? '' 
 always . 
 `` i have a question . '' 
 we are here for answers . 
 `` okay . 
 okay . '' 
 i took a deep breath , and plunged forward . 
 `` is there anyway that i can save him ? '' 
 he does not need to be saved , sam . 
 `` please . '' 
 we all have free will , sam . 
 you can do anything you want . 
 `` so there is a way to save him ? '' 
 of course there is . 
 the body can heal itself immediately if it so chooses . 
 what your doctors call miracles . 
 `` but i know of another way . '' 
 i know , sam . 
 there are many ways . 
 many paths . 
 the key is to find the right one . 
 the one that feels the best . 
 `` so my way is such a road . '' 
 of course . 
 but does it feel right , samantha ? 
 `` it feels right to me , '' i said quickly , although doubt ate at me . 
 then so be it . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` well , you have n't told me not to do it . '' 
 i would never tell you not to do anything , samantha . 
 this is called a free-will universe for a reason . 
 `` but would you caution against it ? '' 
 i would caution against doing anything that does n't feel right , samantha . 
 always ask yourself if the choices you are doing feel right , and act according to your feelings . 
 then you will know you are on the right path . 
 always . 
 `` but how do i know how i feel if i 'm truly confused ? '' 
 you always know , sam . 
 always . 
 chapter forty-six i was driving . 
 my mind was still reeling from the phone call with maddie . 
 my mind was still reeling from my conversation with kingsley . 
 reeling from my conversation with saint germain . 
 reeling from the possibility that my son could be saved . 
 possibly . 
 i was doing a lot of reeling and no doubt a lot of erratic driving , too . 
 i forced myself to calm down . 
 to focus . 
 it was early afternoon . 
 my sister and daughter were with anthony . 
 i had work to do , and this was my time to do it , even if i was a royal mess . 
 i could head out to simi valley now , but i suspected i would be waiting a long , long time in the casino before anyone of note showed up . 
 it was better to wait , and head out there later . 
 for now , i knew where to go . 
 and it just so happened to be right around the corner , too . 
 * * * i parked at the wharton museum and dashed across the parking lot , past the rich and not-so-famous dining at the wharton outdoor cafe , and ducked into the main building , gasping for breath i did n't need , and feeling as if i had just run across hot coals . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 asked the security guard at the door . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i lied . 
 actually , i felt like shit . 
 he asked if i wanted some help and i waved him off and did my best to walk with some dignity toward the side offices , all too aware of a slight burning smell wafting up from my skin . 
 i 've never felt sexier . 
 a few minutes later i was seated across from a shell-shocked ms. dickens . 
 the old lady did n't look well , and i did n't blame her . 
 a lot of bad luck had come her way . 
 granted , not as bad as the night guard i had found stuffed in an oversized igloo . 
 `` i guess the cat 's out of the bag , '' she said . 
 she was holding her forehead in her hands . 
 i nodded . 
 `` no more hiding the fact that the sculpture was stolen . '' 
 `` sometimes there 's more important things than stolen sculptures , '' i said . 
 `` like dead people . '' 
 she looked up at me briefly , parting her hands slightly to do so . 
 her blank stare told me that perhaps she did n't subscribe to my philosophy . 
 a stolen crystal egg , apparently , meant more to her than human life . 
 `` yes , '' she said , reluctantly agreeing . 
 `` i suppose so . '' 
 after a few more minutes of our strained silence , i asked her if i was still on the job . 
 after all , part of my job description had been to help find the missing art piece before the official opening this weekend . 
 `` yes , of course , '' she snapped . 
 `` we still need to find it . 
 we will just have to deal with the backlash of the theft and death . 
 we 've overcome tragedy before , and we will overcome this , too . 
 the wharton will be world famous someday . 
 world famous . 
 mark my words . '' 
 i nearly stood up and cheered . 
 now that we 'd established that i still had a job , i thanked her for her time and left her at her desk , where she did n't move or acknowledge my departure . 
 the police had come and gone in the wee hours of the morning . 
 with their initial investigation completed , the museum had opened on time and business was as usual . 
 to a degree . 
 the place was mostly empty ; i felt as if i had it all to myself . 
 i headed deeper into the museum , looking for mr. wharton himself . 
 the resident ghost . 
 chapter forty-seven i used my temporary security pass to enter the back room and although it was still daytime , you would never know in here . 
 the place was dark and ominous , and knowing there was a ghost creeping around here made the fine hair at the back of my neck stand on end . 
 there were two security cameras back here , both placed in such a way that they could see anyone coming and going . 
 the cameras could also see down the main aisle that led between all the side aisles . 
 except the cameras were n't working for 20 minutes . 
 long enough for someone to come in and get out with a prized sculpture worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , or whatever he could get for it on ebay . 
 long enough to kill a guard and stuff him in a freezer . 
 as i stood there taking in the back room , i heard shuffling down a side aisle . 
 a ghost ? 
 a murderer ? 
 neither . 
 a few seconds later , a young girl emerged . 
 she looked thoroughly freaked out . 
 i did n't blame her . 
 a theft , a murder , a ghost and a vampire . 
 had i been anyone but me , i might have been freaked , too . 
 she saw me and gasped , clutching her throat . 
 i smiled apologetically and she relaxed a little . 
 she was holding a box of something . 
 small museum pieces , although i could n't see what . 
 she moved quickly past me with a forced smile , and left through the same door i had just stepped into . 
 crime scenes can take hours or weeks to clear . 
 the fact that the santa ana police department had cleared this one in a matter of hours was telling : it meant there was little , if any , evidence . 
 the crime scene itself had been trampled to hell . 
 if there had been evidence , it was probably gone . 
 with very little clues to collect , and with little hope of collecting anything of value , the museum had been given the green light to open for business with no apparent disruptions . 
 that did n't mean the santa ana pd would n't take the murder case any less seriously . 
 it just meant they had little to work with . 
 although not on public display , many of the artifacts back here were still highly valuable and some were one-of-a-kinds . 
 the muted , indirect lighting was no doubt uv and ir free so as not to cause any damage to the highly sensitive paintings and sculptures and various rare artifacts . 
 the lighting could be adjusted , i could see . 
 the young lady had had it as high as it would go . 
 again , i did n't blame her . 
 i reached over and turned it down low . 
 no doubt eddie - if eddie was indeed watching me back in the control room - wondered why the hell i had done that . 
 i wondered if he would believe me if i told him that it was to better see the ghost of mr. wharton . 
 now with the room mostly in deep shadows , my senses sprang to life . 
 granted , it was still daytime , and i would n't be fully alive and alert until the sun set , but the cool darkness in the back room was the next best thing and i was feeling a little better . 
 i headed deeper into the room . 
 the air around me was electrified . 
 little squigglies of light danced before my eyes . 
 these supercharged particles emanated a glow that only i could see and it gave the room added light . 
 at least for me . 
 all of my senses told me that i was alone in the back room . 
 i walked slowly down the center aisle . 
 i felt my mind reaching out before me , searching for something both physical and non-physical . 
 i was getting a lot of feedback . 
 i sensed strange energy around a lot of the artifacts , for instance . 
 some of these relics had been acquired over the years - not necessarily by the museum , but by others - through force or coercion . 
 these artifacts had a lot of negative energy around them , a darkness that surrounded them . 
 cursed , perhaps . 
 other artifacts and pieces of art had a lot of bright energy buzzing around them , light particles that swarmed like bees around a beehive , and i realized these were aspects of the owners ' souls still attached to the artifacts . 
 perhaps forever attached . 
 owner and art forever linked . 
 these were strange concepts that i was only now beginning to understand through my own strange second sight . 
 i soon found myself standing in the very aisle where the freezer box was located . 
 there was still yellow police ` caution tape ' around it . 
 although the police had gathered all the evidence they could early this morning , they could - and probably would - come back for a follow-up investigation , with the hope of acquiring additional evidence . 
 of course , the tape itself meant little to someone determined to tamper with the evidence . 
 i was n't going to tamper with the evidence . 
 instead , i just stood there , getting a feel for the place . 
 a man had died here not too long ago and i idly wondered where his spirit had gone . 
 was he still here , roaming the museum with mr. wharton ? 
 i did n't know , but there was some strange energy around the ice box , and it very well could have been his spirit , but the energy was scattered and without much shape . 
 i suspected the murdered security guard had gone on to wherever most spirits go on to . 
 it was then that i knew i was being watched , and not just by eddie in the control room . 
 something had appeared behind me . 
 something that caused the hair on my neck to stand up . 
 i turned and was not very surprised to see a figure taking shape behind me . 
 a human-shaped nexus gathered the surrounding light particles the way a black hole attracts all the heavenly bodies around it . 
 unlike a black hole , these light particles did n't disappear into a dimension occupied by only charlie sheen and mel gibson . 
 these light particles formed a shape i readily recognized . 
 mr. bernard wharton . 
 and when the last of the particles morphed into the shape of a fedora sitting slightly askew on its head , the entity before me nodded . 
 i did the only thing i could think of and nodded back . 
 in the control room , eddie was getting quite a show . 
 what eddie made of the show , i did n't know or care . 
 and because i knew there was n't any sound being recorded , i felt free to speak . 
 `` you know who killed the guard , do n't you , mr. wharton ? '' 
 the figure before me did n't react at first , but then finally nodded , almost reluctantly . 
 i was about to ask the rather pointed question of who had killed the guard , but now the ghost was moving , flitting down the hallway and into another , darker room . 
 i assumed i was meant to follow him and so i did - into the same dark room . 
 i did n't bother with the lights . 
 i could see that we were in the shipping and receiving room . 
 i knew this because there was a huge plastic bag filled with styrofoam popcorn hovering over one of the tables , the shipping table , i presumed . 
 there were computers , and crates and other random knickknacks . 
 the room obviously doubled as a sort of storage room , too , with brooms and mops and cleaning supplies propped near the door . 
 mr. wharton led me deeper into the room to a work station off in the far corner . 
 random boxes were piled here , most of them opened and discarded . 
 there were also packing supplies here and other boxes that appeared ready to be shipped . 
 he floated over to one of the boxes . 
 i followed behind and looked down . 
 the box was packed and taped , but the recipient had n't yet been filled out . 
 correction , there was a single letter on the box , an `` m '' , followed by a squiggly line , as if the writer had lost heart . 
 or been scared to death . 
 mr. wharton stood next to me . 
 some of his crackling energy reached out to me , attaching itself to me , and as it did so , something very strange started to happen . 
 flashing images appeared in my thoughts . 
 images i had never seen before . 
 images that were n't mine . 
 memories that were n't mine they were his images . 
 his memories . 
 mr. wharton 's . 
 i saw a flash of a security guard wearing gloves and working on an electrical panel . 
 perhaps the panel that powered the security cameras . 
 i recognized the guard easily enough , especially since i had found him dead in the cold storage box . 
 the next flash . 
 now the guard was standing over this very box , writing something , when his head suddenly snapped around , eyes thoroughly spooked . 
 the next image was the same guard heading through the back room . 
 he was following me , but he was n't really following me . 
 he was following mr. wharton . 
 and for good reason . 
 every now and then mr. wharton would knock something over , and each sound would cause the guard to jump ... and consequently to investigate further . 
 deeper into the bowels of the back room . 
 toward , i saw , the cold storage freezer . 
 something else fell over - a marble buddha , i think - and the guard nearly jumped out of his skin . 
 but he continued on , doggedly , perhaps driven by fascination , or perhaps driven by the sick realization that tonight was n't going according to plan . 
 that someone was watching him . 
 that someone knew what he was up to . 
 perhaps at any other time he would have turned away in fear . 
 but not tonight . 
 no , tonight - or rather , the night in question - he continued forward , inevitably , toward mr. wharton and the ice box . 
 thad the security guard paused when he heard another noise . 
 a noise that came from the ice box itself . 
 a thumping , knocking sound . 
 i even had a brief , flashing image of mr. wharton reaching down through the box and rapping something inside . 
 thad the security guard whined a little . 
 he was also making small , gasping sounds . 
 from a perspective from somewhere near the ice box , i watched - or , more accurately , mr. wharton watched - as the terrified man reached down and slowly opened the ice chest . 
 i could see that thad did n't really want to open it , that he was scared shitless . 
 but he seemed somehow compelled to open it . 
 like a man possessed . 
 which got me thinking . 
 either way , as the lid came up , all hell broke loose . 
 the images jumped crazily . 
 no , it was n't the image that jumped crazily . 
 it was mr. wharton moving rapidly . 
 one moment he was down by the ice chest , and the next he was hovering somewhere above the security guard . 
 the ice box was open . 
 frost and mist issued out , swirling around the man . 
 mr. wharton 's attention shifted , and since i was seeing this through his eyes , his memory , my attention shifted , too . 
 to a shelf above the refrigerated box . 
 on the shelf , marked very neatly , were rows of stone tools and weapons ; in particular , stone hatchets . 
 an arm reached up for the hatchet , and i was startled to see that it was mr. wharton 's arm . 
 a very real-looking arm . 
 but not entirely real . 
 although solid-looking , i could still see through it . 
 ectoplasm . 
 a ghost body . 
 now that very real-looking arm , draped in a slightly dusty reddish dinner jacket , removed the hatchet from the shelf . 
 no doubt this was a native american hatchet , or another tribal weapon from somewhere around the world . 
 my knowledge of such artifacts was slim to none . 
 but one thing was obvious : it was heavy-looking , and it was topped by a razor-sharp flint head . 
 a weapon used , no doubt , in battle or for skinning animals . 
 or , in this case , for murder . 
 thad must have heard something . 
 as he turned to look , crying out , the hatchet flashed down and buried deep into his forehead . 
 thad jerked and nearly bit off his tongue . 
 his left eye popped clean out of his head , to dangle by its neon-red optical nerves . 
 i next watched in sick fascination as mr. wharton worked the hatchet free from the dead man 's skull . 
 when he did , thad the security guard toppled into the freezer . 
 the ghost of mr. wharton calmly shut the lid , returned the bloody hatchet to its proper place , and promptly disappeared . 
 chapter forty-eight i was at heroes , where only one person knew my name , and that was just the way i liked it . 
 i had already picked up tammy from school and dropped her off at my sister 's . 
 danny , remarkably , was with anthony at the hospital . 
 my sister had asked if i would be there as well , and i said i would as soon as i could . 
 she did n't like it but knew that only something very , very important would keep me away from my son . 
 now , it was almost five and it had been a helluva day . 
 soon i would be heading out to simi valley , but first i needed my fang fix . 
 and since our relationship had graduated to the physical level , i paid him a visit before heading out . 
 the bar was mostly empty and we could speak freely enough . 
 i caught him up to date on the past few days ' activities . 
 `` so the crystal egg was in the box , '' said fang . 
 he was n't polishing the stereotypical glass ; instead , he was cutting lime wedges . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` any idea where he was going to send it ? '' 
 `` hard to say with only an 'm ' in the address . 
 could have been his grandma . 
 a p.o. box anywhere . 
 and before you ask , his name was thad . '' 
 `` thad ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` is that a real name ? '' 
 `` as real as fang . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` pretty clever idea just shipping that sucker out right under their noses . '' 
 `` would have worked , too , if mr. wharton had n't cleaved his skull nearly in two . '' 
 `` with a five hundred year old war ax . 
 very fitting , being that this was his museum and all . '' 
 `` and that he protects to this day , '' i said . 
 fang leaned across the bar . 
 as he did so , his two canine teeth clacked together like two marbles . 
 he said , `` so did you unpack the box right there ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i left it for ms. dickens . 
 she opened it with a few other staff members standing nearby ... and when she did , well , she nearly wept . '' 
 `` a murder is one thing , but the theft of a piece of art is another . '' 
 `` it is to a small museum trying to make a name for itself . '' 
 `` our world is weird , '' said fang . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 his eyes crinkled a little . 
 maybe he got some squirting lime juice in them . 
 `` how did you explain that you knew the egg was in the box ? '' 
 `` i told her i had a hunch . '' 
 `` your hunches are pretty damn good . '' 
 `` better than most , '' i said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` so the ghost of mr. wharton killed the security guard . '' 
 `` he was n't going to let anyone steal from his museum . '' 
 `` death by ghost , '' said fang . 
 `` our world is weird , '' i said , and both fang and i smiled at each other . 
 `` so , it will go down as an unsolved crime ? '' 
 `` no doubt , '' i said . 
 `` would be hard to arrest mr. wharton , '' he said , laughing lightly . 
 he added , `` can a ghost still go to hell for killing ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to ask god . '' 
 he grinned again , and his eyes did this sort of sparkly thing that made my heart beat a little faster . 
 knowing my thoughts , he smiled brightly . 
 `` oh , give it a rest , '' i said . 
 `` you have a nice smile , so what ? '' 
 `` whatever you say , moon dance . '' 
 he reached out and took my hands . 
 `` have you thought about my request ? '' 
 `` not really , no . 
 too much on my mind . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i understand . 
 things have been crazy . '' 
 he squeezed my hands a little tighter . 
 his hands were soft in spots , but rough in others . 
 they were the hands of a man who poured drinks for a living , but worked on muscle cars when he could . 
 they were also the hands of a man who had killed three people . 
 `` i regret the killings , '' said fang , squeezing my hands a little tighter and reading my thoughts . 
 `` i 'm not a killer , sam . '' 
 `` then why do you want to be a vampire ? '' 
 `` because i want to be with you , '' he said , bringing my knuckles to his lips and kissing them lightly . 
 `` forever . '' 
 chapter forty-nine the traffic out to simi valley was so bad that i was tempted to just pull over and take flight . 
 i resisted and two hours later , after winding my way through the foothills that connect northridge to simi valley , i headed down a long incline toward the glittering lights that porn built . 
 porn valley . 
 or , as some people call it , silicone valley . 
 as a one-time federal agent , i knew that nearly 90 % of all legally produced pornographic films made in the united states were produced in studios based in the san fernando valley , of which simi valley was the heart . 
 the key phrase here was `` legally produced . '' 
 other porn was produced here , as well . 
 some not so legal . 
 this , of course , was what made me nervous . 
 my cell rang . 
 it was danny . 
 oh , joy . 
 then again , he might have news about my son . 
 ever the cautious driver , i hooked my bluetooth around my ear and clicked on . 
 `` hey , sam , '' he said . 
 his voice sounded strained . 
 something was either obstructing his throat or he had been crying . 
 or was still crying . 
 shit . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` he 's dying , is n't he ? '' 
 but danny did n't really get the words out . 
 not really . 
 instead , a choked , strangled sound came out , and it was a horrible sound to hear . 
 `` please , tell me the truth , sam . 
 please . 
 i 'm so scared . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 his pain went straight to my heart . 
 i debated how much to tell him , until i realized he had a right to know . 
 `` yes , he is , '' i said . 
 danny wept harder than i had ever heard him weep , harder than i had ever heard any man weep , and we cried together on the phone for many , many miles . 
 * * * a trail of red brake lights snaked ahead of me as far as the eye could see . 
 although an hour outside of l.a. , traffic in southern california knew no city boundaries . 
 when i had hung up with danny , i was an emotional wreck . 
 still driving , i did my best to compose myself , wiping the tears from my cheeks . 
 say what you want about the guy , the man loved his kids . 
 traffic picked up , and as i worked my way into simi valley , one building clearly shone brighter than all others , up on a large hill - or a mountain , as one little girl put it - the ronald reagan museum . 
 below it , near the base and about three miles south of me , glittering in a far different way , was a massive casino . 
 the juarez indian tribe , on land reserved for them , had built one of the most popular casinos in southern california , and even from here , as i made my way off the freeway , the casino lights flashed and strobed and practically jiggled - anything to lure dollars away from wallets . 
 a few minutes later , with the half moon hanging high in the sky , i pulled up to the casino and stepped out of my minivan . 
 i scanned the fifteen-story facade of the hotel . 
 some of the windows were bright , but most were dark . 
 maddie 's words came flooding back to me . 
 perhaps they had been unlocked because i was staring up at the massive hotel , or perhaps i had gotten a psychic hit . 
 sometimes i did n't know . 
 hey , i 'm still figuring this stuff out as i go . 
 either way , i heard her words again : `` we take the vader up . '' 
 the vader . 
 the elevator . 
 maddie was here , in this hotel . 
 somewhere . 
 i was sure of it . 
 chapter fifty i was dressed to kill . 
 or at least to seriously maim someone . 
 i was wearing a tight black dress , fully aware of my rounded hips and thighs on the one hand , but not giving a shit on the other . 
 it had been a while since i had worn this black dress and i had forgotten how much skin it showed . 
 how much pale skin , that is . 
 i 'm a jeans-and-tee-shirt kind of gal , but sometimes you have to look the part . 
 and what was the part i was looking ? 
 i did n't know , but dressing as a slutty whore in a casino in porn valley seemed the best way to blend in . 
 the black man in the photographs was named carl luck . 
 a known drug dealer and pornographer . 
 and , apparently , murderer and kidnapper . 
 allegedly , of course . 
 i parked my minivan in the back of the crowded parking lot . 
 after huffing it across the vast lot , i strode past an epic water fountain with a stone eagle feather motif . 
 i walked under a glittering eagle feather arch , and across an eagle feather tiled mosaic near the entry way . 
 i sensed a pattern here . 
 inside , the moon feather casino was epic . 
 i felt lost just standing there at the entrance . 
 where to start ? 
 i had no clue . 
 i had carl luck 's face seared , as they say , on the back of my retina . 
 i would know the guy anywhere . 
 now it was just a matter of finding him without attracting attention to myself , or getting myself kicked out by the tribal police . 
 if i were a regular , where would i go in a casino ? 
 i had no clue . 
 i would have thought the bar , except the whole damn place was one big , honking bar . 
 waitresses crisscrossed everywhere , each carrying trays of colorful drinks . 
 the waitresses were all middle-aged and tired-looking . 
 they wore shiny leotards that showed a lot of stockinged legs . 
 an eagle tail feather hung behind them , seemingly flapping as they walked . 
 oh , brother . 
 ignoring the occasionally discreet and mostly not-so-discreet stares of men old enough to be my grandfather , i made a circuit of the casino . 
 at least , i think i did . 
 quite frankly , i had no clue where i ended up at . 
 it all looked the same . 
 exits everywhere . 
 restaurants everywhere . 
 hallways to exotic-sounding clubs . 
 and the games . 
 my god , the games . 
 rows upon rows of video poker and slot machines , with every conceivable theme . 
 there were elaborate and colorful ancient egyptian-themed slots : `` play with the pharaohs ! '' 
 rows of ancient mayan slot machines with pictures of treasures and stepped pyramids . 
 an ancient troy slot machine with a flashing trojan horse , but instead of men pouring out of its underbelly , golden coins poured free . 
 hell , i could receive a thumbnail history lesson all while losing my money . 
 if anything , the casino was a `` who 's who '' of the ancient world . 
 and as i walked past a row of easter island slot machines , complete with megalithic-shaped heads , i decided to wait it out at what appeared to be the casino 's central bar . 
 i ordered a house white wine and noted idly that the bartender was n't anywhere near as cute as fang . 
 and as i sat there , drinking it sporadically and watching the crowd , i realized that this was a little like looking for a needle in a haystack . 
 that is , if the needle was a child-trafficking killer . 
 so i decided to pull out the big guns . 
 chapter fifty-one i closed my eyes and did my best to clear my thoughts . 
 it 's hard to clear your thoughts with the sounds of a casino assaulting your ears . 
 maybe that 's the casino 's secret plan . 
 assault the senses . 
 overstimulate them , confuse them , and thus lead you down dark roads where pulling out gobs of money and shoving them into a machine for `` credits '' suddenly seems like a damn good idea . 
 or maybe the machines were just fucking annoying . 
 anyway , i closed my eyes and cleared my thoughts and ignored the guy who just sat next to me , reeking of alcohol and cigarettes . 
 i tried to hone in on my guy . 
 i let a single name ease into my thoughts : carl luck . 
 i let his image slide in next . 
 the picture of him exiting mcdonald 's , with little maddie and her mom , lauren , in tow . 
 in the picture he 's looking down , perhaps at maddie . 
 but it 's a good shot of his face . 
 his strong cheek bones . 
 his flat forehead . 
 the tight position of his eyes in relation to his nose . 
 all of this was permanently emblazoned in my thoughts . 
 next , i did something that was new even to me , and it just sort of happened on its own . 
 in my mind 's eye , i saw my thoughts rippling away from me , further and further out like a widening gyre . 
 and as my mind reached out , it seemed to touch down on everyone around me , searching . 
 searching . 
 it kept reaching out , kept searching - `` excuse me , baby ? '' 
 my probing thoughts came racing back , nearly slamming physically back into me . 
 jolting me . 
 i gasped . 
 it took me a moment to orient myself , and when i did , my smiling drunk neighbor 's face was about three inches from my own . 
 three purple , wormy veins snaked just under the skin of his bulbous nose . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , confused . 
 i was still coming back . 
 back into my body . 
 i had been out there somehow . 
 out in the casino . 
 somehow out of my body . 
 sweet jesus . 
 `` hey , baby , you were the one talking to me . '' 
 `` i was n't talking to you . '' 
 `` sure , baby . 
 you kept saying something about luck . 
 and , since i 'm the only lucky bastard sitting next to you , i figured you were talking to me . '' 
 `` i was n't talking to you , sorry . '' 
 he put a firm hand on my bare thigh . 
 `` of course you were , angel . 
 tonight 's my lucky night . '' 
 he was a big guy . 
 granted , when you 're five foot three , even sixth graders look big . 
 but this guy was closing in on three hundred , and nearly had me by three times my own weight . 
 i 've got nothing against big guys . 
 actually , i find them adorable . 
 but not drunk guys who lay their drunken fat hands on my thighs . 
 i put my hand on his and he smiled . 
 this was encouraging for him . 
 and , apparently , some drunken guy green light . 
 he immediately tried to move his hand up the inside of my thigh . 
 except his hand did n't move . 
 i calmly lifted it off my thigh and started squeezing . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` my hand ! '' 
 `` go far away . '' 
 i let go and he tumbled backwards off the stool , his feet flying up . 
 he landed with a squishy thud . 
 keys and a cell phone toppled out of his pockets . 
 along with a condom . 
 eww . 
 the not-quite-as-good-looking-as-fang bartender rushed over to us , but i only shrugged and made a drinking motion . 
 the guy got to his feet , gathered his stuff , and hurried away from me without looking back . 
 the bartender lingered briefly , certain that something strange had gone on , but then moved further down the bar to take an order , glancing at me a final time . 
 way to stay inconspicuous , sam . 
 easy , girl . 
 with the excitement over and alone once again , i closed my eyes and went through the previous steps and cast my thoughts outward . 
 and they continued outward until they reached the far end of the casino . 
 i went through a double door and into an exclusive poker room . 
 and sitting near the poker table was a dead ringer for public enemy # 1 , mr. carl luck . 
 whose luck might have just run out . 
 hey , i had to say it . 
 as an experiment , i cast my thoughts even further out , up through the hotel , floor after floor , but there seemed to be a limit to this . 
 the further i got , the more scattered my thoughts were . 
 i retracted them , this time not so violently , and opened my eyes . 
 when i had steadied myself , i plunked down a $ 10 bill , got up , and headed for the far side of the casino . 
 to the poker room . 
 chapter fifty-two feeling as if i had done this before , i wove my way past roulette tables and blackjack tables , and past tables of made-up games i had never heard before . 
 games like flash poker and three-card texas slam . 
 okay , now they 're just making stuff up . 
 as i walked , i was aware that a lot of flesh was showing and a part of me did n't entirely mind . 
 a steady diet of blood , staying out of the sun , and my own nighttime jogs had done wonders for my body . 
 the ultimate atkins diet . 
 i was still naturally curvy , but a petite curvy . 
 petite and now roped with muscle . 
 some men looked . 
 some women did , too . 
 i was n't the sexiest or prettiest woman here , not by a long shot , but i suspected i projected a certain presence . 
 what that presence was , i did n't know . 
 confidence ? 
 blood lust ? 
 soon , i reached the far corner of the casino , where i was n't too surprised to see the same double doors there . 
 there were two guys - both native american - standing just outside the open doors , and i suspected they would have stopped most people . 
 but i put on my best `` do n't fuck with me '' look and they simply blinked and smiled and let me though . 
 and as i swept through , i wondered : had they let me in because of my `` do n't fuck with me look '' or something else ? 
 what that something was , i did n't know . 
 but the words `` mind control '' came to mind . 
 too weird . 
 i surveyed the room . 
 definitely high rollers . 
 seven men were seated around the table , no women . 
 two of the men were wearing arab keffiyehs . 
 another was wearing a white cowboy hat , and the remaining four were a mix of ethnicities . 
 all were dressed immaculately . 
 none noticed me . 
 all were intent on the dealer who was currently shuffling . 
 a few more security types stood around the room , all of them native american . 
 the casino 's own security , no doubt . 
 there were a handful of plush chairs surrounding the main poker table , and these were filled with babes . 
 various hookers , no doubt . 
 and at a private bar on the far side of the room sat carl luck , wearing shades and drinking a draft beer . 
 he was watching the game intently . 
 my heart slammed against a rib or two . 
 my first instinct was to fly across the room and slam his face into the bar , and keep slamming it until he told me where maddie was . 
 calm down . 
 deep breaths . 
 instead , i crossed the big room as calmly as i could and found a stool next to carl luck . 
 * * * he was a big man . 
 not as big as some of the other men in my life , but he was certainly up there . 
 other than glancing at me from over his shades , carl did little to acknowledge me . 
 the thick black man smelled of nice cologne . 
 his shiny , mottled boots were ostrich skin . 
 his maroon leather jacket fit him perfectly . 
 if i had to guess , i would say carl luck had recently come into a lot of money . 
 the man in the picture at mcdonald 's had been nowhere near as slick . 
 `` who 's winning ? '' 
 i asked innocently . 
 carl slowly turned his shiny head . 
 nothing else moved . 
 he was leaning one elbow on the counter . 
 his elbow looked exceptionally sharp . 
 his eyes were hidden behind the cool shades . 
 `` captain jack 's up , '' he said . 
 his deep-throated voice was as smooth as smooth gets . 
 he sounded like a radio talk show host . 
 the kind women swoon for . 
 `` always better to be up than down , i say . '' 
 except i did n't know what the hell i was talking about . 
 carl looked at me but said nothing , although i could hear his nasally breathing from here . 
 one of his nostrils was backed up . 
 gee , i wonder why . 
 `` who 's captain jack ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` cowboy hat . '' 
 `` of course . 
 should have figured that one out . '' 
 carl turned back to the game . 
 once again , only his head moved . 
 nothing else . 
 correction . 
 his jaw tightened a little . 
 i was making him nervous . 
 he 's wondering who the hell i am . 
 good question . 
 this was an exclusive , high-stakes room that i really had no business being in - and no real reason for being here . 
 other than to find maddie . 
 someone from the table whooped loudly . 
 captain jack . 
 he yanked off his hat and waved it like a cowboy riding a bucking bronco . 
 a whole mass of chips just got pushed his way . 
 he whooped again . 
 next to me , carl grinned slightly . 
 he 's with captain jack , i thought . 
 one white and one black , said little maddie . 
 `` do you play ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hell no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` it 's a two hundred and fifty thou buy-in . '' 
 `` more than my house . '' 
 `` more than most houses . '' 
 `` i bet they fly these guys in , '' i said . 
 `` i heard some hotels do that . '' 
 `` shit . 
 they roll out the red carpet for these brothers . 
 fly them in , bring them women , and anything else they want . '' 
 `` what else could they want ? '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 i nodded . 
 carl was tense . 
 very tense . 
 the cords along his neck were throbbing . 
 his hands opened and closed . 
 waves of apprehension emanated from him . 
 i said , `` free hotel room . 
 free everything , i bet . '' 
 `` yeah , something like that , '' he said . 
 he turned his back to me . 
 so carl and captain jack were staying here . 
 and now carl was shutting down and i did n't want to push it . 
 `` well , the nickel slot machines are calling my name , '' i said . 
 but carl did n't acknowledge me as i left , although i could feel his eyes on me as i crossed the room and exited through the double doors . 
 chapter fifty-three i leaned a shoulder against a smooth wall and exhaled a billowing plume of gray smoke . 
 i was standing just inside a narrow hallway that led to the casino 's bathrooms and public phones . 
 from here , i had a good view of the double doors of the exclusive parlor . 
 i inhaled deeply , filling my lungs to the maximum . 
 smoking did nothing for me . 
 no smoker 's high . 
 nothing . 
 no nicotine addiction . 
 nothing . 
 for me , smoking was a purely voluntary act . 
 it was one of the few things that i could do without a violent reaction . 
 so i did it because i could . 
 the good thing about casinos is that you can smoke in them . 
 the good thing about being a vampire is that you do n't get lung cancer . 
 at least , that 's what they tell me . 
 and by they , i mean fang . 
 the man was my sole source for all things vampiric . 
 i found myself grinning thinking about the toothless wonder . 
 toothless because his canines had been removed . 
 his dogteeth , as they are sometimes called . 
 his vampire teeth . 
 interesting thing about that , since my own teeth had never once changed size or shape in the six years since i 'd been unwillingly recruited into the creature of the night club . 
 admittedly , it made sense that longer canine teeth would aid a vampire . 
 of course , so would a hypodermic needle . 
 longer teeth aided creatures who hunted with their mouth , those who did n't have the benefit of hands or weapons . 
 longer teeth latched onto prey , held it down . 
 longer teeth aided in tearing into the flesh . 
 i could n't eat flesh . 
 i needed only a steady flow of blood to be sustained . 
 i did n't need to kill other creatures , either . 
 a voluntary source would be adequate . 
 a donor . 
 these thoughts were new to me . 
 they were revolutionary . 
 they made me look at myself differently . 
 i did n't have to kill . 
 i only had to drink . 
 of course , i received my supply of blood from a local butchery , so i did n't kill . 
 but the blood was also disgusting and mixed with hundreds of other creatures , some of which might very well be diseased or sick . 
 all mixed in a big bloody soup for yours truly to enjoy night after night . 
 but it did n't have to be that way , did it ? 
 all i needed was a steady source . 
 i thought of fang . 
 i also thought of his request . 
 make me a vampire . 
 i inhaled again , squinting through the smoke even though it did n't really hurt my eyes . 
 the room beyond the double doors was still quiet . 
 a few people passed in and out , but not carl luck or captain jack . 
 jesus , had fang proposed to me tonight ? 
 i mean , he had taken my hand and said he wanted to be with me for all eternity . 
 a proposal if i 'd ever heard one . 
 wow . 
 i dashed out my cigarette in a glass ash tray around the corner , then went back to my post just inside the hallway . 
 i would think about fang 's proposal later . 
 at the moment , fang 's proposal was way down on my list . 
 high on my list was the grim realization that i was certain - dead certain - that i was going to kill two men tonight . 
 thirty minutes later , a group of wealthy men emerged from the parlor room . 
 only one looked particularly cheerful , a tall man wearing a keffiyeh . 
 captain jack , who followed behind , looked like he was in a sour mood . 
 carl luck slapped him on his back reassuringly , and the two men headed off toward a bank of elevators . 
 vaders . 
 chapter fifty-four fifteen minutes later , i took the elevator up to the upper suites . 
 the luxury suites . 
 the high rollers suites . 
 suites where the big boys stayed with their big bucks . 
 suites that were spacious enough that you probably could n't hear someone scream . 
 especially a little girl . 
 i set my jaw as the elevator doors opened . 
 my purse was still over my shoulder . 
 cool air met me in the spacious hallway . 
 i could turn right or left . 
 i automatically turned right , feeling my way . 
 the hallway was lined with polished tables and flowers . 
 i doubted the other floors had polished tables and flowers . 
 the doors here were recessed deep in the walls and inlaid with brass relief designs . 
 the designs were , you guessed it , eagle feathers . 
 the doors , i saw , were also designed for security . 
 although the reliefs were in brass , the doors themselves were made of steel . 
 i continued down the hall , guided entirely by my sixth sense . 
 as i made a right turn , a small buzzing began just inside my eardrum . 
 and the further i walked down the hallway , the louder the buzzing became . 
 i found myself staring at one recessed doorway in particular . 
 it was on my left and it looked like all the others . 
 except it did n't feel like all the others . 
 i was drawn to it , and even as i was drawn to it , my innate warning system - the buzzing in my ears - grew louder and louder . 
 there 's danger here . 
 the gilded door gleamed dully in the muted lights . 
 i was alone in the hallway . 
 i could n't hear a sound , and my hearing was damn good . 
 still , my head buzzed ; my skin prickled . 
 behind this door was a terrified little girl - the same little girl who had been calling me these past few days . 
 the steel door might as well have been a vault door . 
 the hotel gave its exalted guests a lot of security and privacy . 
 too much privacy . 
 the door would have multiple locks , including a deadbolt and no doubt another one elsewhere . 
 maybe near the floor or ceiling . 
 this was n't your standard hotel door . 
 up here , on this floor , nothing was standard . 
 sometimes i wondered how strong i really was . 
 it 's not an easy thing to test , unless you want to draw attention to yourself . 
 a few years back , while out jogging , i paused next to an old volkswagen beetle . 
 on a whim , i reached down , felt underneath , and then lifted it three feet off the ground . 
 a few weeks ago i had punched through a bulletproof prison glass and nearly killed a man . 
 a steel , ornamental , security door seemed forbidding in and of itself . 
 i could have knocked , sure . 
 i could have called the police and pleaded my case . 
 with luck , an emergency search warrant might be issued . 
 think again , sam . 
 this is reservation land . 
 things are done differently here . 
 how differently , i did n't know , but i suspected the hotel would think twice , or maybe even three or four times , before upsetting a guest who plunks down $ 250k on a card game ... and then loses . 
 yes , i could have done a lot of things differently at this moment , but none of them felt right . 
 none , that is , except this . 
 i raised my foot , leaned back , and drove the heel of my foot as hard as i could into the door . 
 obliterating my expensive high heel , and obliterating the door hinges , too . 
 the steel slab fell inward , landing with a thunderous crash . 
 chapter fifty-five i instinctively stood to one side of the doorway . 
 the metallic echo of the falling door continued to reverberate throughout the suite . 
 hell of an entrance . 
 but there was no one directly in front of me , and as i slipped inside , kicking off my worthless high heels , the alarm in my head continued to buzz , stronger than ever . 
 something was very , very wrong . 
 more wrong than i had previously imagined . 
 what it was , i did n't know . 
 yet . 
 maybe i should have called the police . 
 or at least had a gun . 
 the suite was opulent . 
 sickeningly so . 
 no doubt it costs thousands a night , although a guy like captain jack probably had it comped . 
 i 'd never had anything comped in my life . 
 the balcony doors were wide open . 
 even from the doorway , i had a majestic view of the sweeping southern hillside ... and the ronald reagan library . 
 i had the right place . 
 where the door had fallen , it had shattered about a dozen expensive italian marble slabs . 
 i stepped over the fallen door , crunched over the broken tile , and slipped deeper into the room . 
 * * * the suite was designed with two main wings that branched off from the main living room . 
 the hallway to my left led to the back rooms , and a shorter hallway to the right led off to a kitchen space and a billiard room and bar . 
 the bar was big enough to liquor up the entire casino . 
 so far , i had n't seen anyone . 
 or heard anyone . 
 but they were here . 
 i knew it . 
 standing just outside the hallway to the bedroom wing , i closed my eyes and searched for them . 
 or at least tried to . 
 my senses were chaotic , unclear . 
 i needed a clear head to focus , and focusing now was nearly impossible . 
 they 're in the bedrooms . 
 one of the bedrooms . 
 i turned down the hallway wing , padding softly over the smooth tiles with my bare feet . 
 there were four doors along this hallway , two on each side . 
 this luxury suite was bigger than three of my houses put together . 
 they knew i was here . 
 they had to have known . 
 no way that fallen door went undetected . 
 the alarm inside my head continued to sound , a buzzing that surrounded my head like so many wasps . 
 the doors into the bedrooms were all double doors . 
 three of the four double doors stood open . 
 the doors at the far end of the hallway were the only ones closed . 
 they 're in there . 
 doing whatever it is that they 're doing . 
 i felt sick , but i continued forward . 
 i paused at each open door , but the rooms , although packed with luggage , were empty . 
 now standing at the far door at the far end of the hallway , i heard a little voice whimpering . 
 ah , fuck . 
 i tried the handle . 
 it was unlocked . 
 i inhaled deeply , took hold of the handle , and threw the door open . 
 i thought i was ready for anything . 
 but i was n't ready for this . 
 chapter fifty-six the first thing i saw was a table . 
 a medical table of some type . 
 it was sitting in the center of the spacious room . 
 the next thing i saw was a little girl on the table . 
 maddie . 
 oh , sweet jesus . 
 she was dead , or close to it . 
 red tubes ran from her arms to plastic bags full of blood . 
 her blood . 
 she was wrapped in a white robe covered with droplets of blood . 
 her blood . 
 her eyes were closed and now i could just make out her little chest rising and falling slowly . 
 a single light shone down on her . 
 what the fuck was going on ? 
 my first instinct was to run to her . 
 but i resisted . 
 my agency training superseded my natural instinct . 
 she 's breathing ; she 's not dead ; stay still . 
 i knew i was n't alone . 
 other than maddie , i knew someone else was in the room . 
 perhaps more than one . 
 psychic hits are great . 
 but they only get you so far . 
 at the open doorway , i paused , listening . 
 i heard nothing . 
 no , wait . 
 i heard breathing from deeper inside the room . 
 nasally breathing . 
 mr. carl luck . 
 so where was captain jack ? 
 he 's in here , too . 
 the sick bastard is in here , too . 
 siphoning maddie 's blood . 
 for what ? 
 the answer was all too obvious . 
 he 's a vampire . 
 `` you got that right , little lady . '' 
 i could n't pinpoint the location of the voice , but it seemed to come from somewhere above . 
 i was also all too aware that the speaker had read my thoughts . 
 `` right again , little lady . 
 now do n't be shy , step on in here . 
 we do n't bite . '' 
 the voice chuckled . 
 my head was buzzing . 
 danger was everywhere . 
 perhaps at every turn . 
 i looked down the hall . 
 there was nothing . 
 the danger was all in this room . 
 i had seen only one other vampire in my life , and that was just the other day . 
 the vampire who had attacked me years ago had done so in a blur . 
 for the first time in a long , long time , i did n't know what to do . 
 meanwhile , there was a little girl bleeding to death . 
 i had n't used a gun in a long time , but i wish i had one now . 
 carl i was n't worried about . 
 captain jack was another story . 
 captain jack was the enigma . 
 the kink in the chain . 
 maddie made a small , mewing sound . 
 i saw something forming around her . 
 a black halo . 
 shit . 
 i considered dashing in and grabbing her , but i knew a recently fed vampire like captain jack would be powerful . 
 not to mention i knew instinctively that carl luck was armed ... and not with just a traditional weapon , either . 
 it was the reason my alarm was sounding off so loudly . 
 he had silver bullets in his gun . 
 i was sure of it . 
 the moment i thought that , the southern voice laughed heartily from somewhere in the room . 
 the black halo around maddie continued growing . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 it was an ambush , that much was for sure . 
 and that 's when i heard a noise from behind me . 
 when i turned to look , i saw a sight that was both welcomed and very , very surreal . 
 it was aaron king , the old detective from los angeles , slipping into the hallway behind me . 
 he raised a finger to his lips to shush me . 
 i nodded . 
 maddie needed to be saved . 
 now . 
 i dashed into the room , trusting my instincts , trusting aaron king , and praying like hell we all made it through this alive . 
 chapter fifty-seven i had a hard time zeroing in on the vampire , but i knew , could feel , exactly where carl luck was in the room . 
 the heavy-set drug dealer - and apparent blood dealer - was crouching in the far corner of the huge bedroom , taking aim . 
 i twisted my body just as a shot rang out . 
 the bullet grazed my shoulder , searing it , and impacted the wall behind me . 
 i crouched and ran forward , sprinting as fast as i could . 
 the room blurred past me . 
 another shot rang out . 
 but i was going too fast to turn or duck or do anything . 
 a wicked pain kicked me in the stomach . 
 but i did n't stop running , and now i was leaping . 
 carl luck screamed and shrank back , and i drove my flattened hand , with its sharp , pointed nails , straight through his throat . 
 through skin and adam 's apple , and through his spine , as well , severing it . 
 he jerked hard and instantly shit his pants . 
 blood spurted everywhere as i pulled my hand free . 
 i was already spinning , searching for the vampire , but there was no one there . 
 the pain in my stomach flared mightily , and i nearly doubled over . 
 i gasped , fought to stay on my feet . 
 it had been a silver bullet , i was sure of it . 
 the pain ... nearly unbearable . 
 the searing pain ... so similar to the crossbow bolt of a few months ago . 
 had the bullet gone all the way through ? 
 i did n't know . 
 something flashed overhead . 
 a white blur . 
 i looked up , raising my hand , just as something dropped down from above . 
 a wide fist , like a hammer , that drove my head straight down into the floor . 
 the force of the blow was unlike anything i had ever felt before . 
 how it did n't kill me , i do n't know . 
 i lay there , gasping , struggling for breath , bleeding on the floor from my stomach , shoulder and mouth . 
 my nose was broken , i was sure of it . 
 perhaps my jaw , too . 
 the force of the punch had driven my face into the tiles , cracking the tiles . 
 blood flowed freely , filling the cracks like little crimson tributaries . 
 someone grabbed my hair , lifted me up . 
 my jaw hung slack . 
 yeah , it was broken . 
 shattered , perhaps . 
 `` so who do we have here ? '' 
 i heard a voice ask from somewhere seemingly far away . 
 it was the same voice i had heard earlier from the hallway . 
 the same southern drawl . 
 he continued lifting until i was facing him . 
 it was captain jack , of course , only this time he was n't wearing his huge cowboy hat . 
 no doubt he had lost his hat as he ambushed me from above . 
 `` ca n't talk , huh ? 
 cat got your tongue ? '' 
 and he slapped me hard across the face . 
 my disjointed jaw swung around like a swing in a storm , nearly hitting the back of my neck . 
 the only thing keeping it in place was the bone and tendons and skin . 
 now he gripped me by the throat and lifted . 
 my jaw hung on his hand , bleeding down his arm . 
 `` hmm . 
 i 've never seen you before . 
 you must be a newbie . 
 only a newbie would break in on someone feeding . '' 
 he pulled me a little closer to his face . 
 my eyes were so blurred i could barely make out the big texan . 
 `` i do n't like newbies . 
 newbies do n't get it . 
 newbies try to change everything . 
 i do n't like change . '' 
 i could n't talk , but i could think . 
 you 're killing the little girl . 
 `` oh , you mean my food source ? 
 i suppose so , but food sources know no ages , newbie , although little girls and boys tend to have a richer , purer blood , which is what i prefer . '' 
 you 're a fucking animal . 
 `` you do n't know me well enough to call me names , little lady . 
 killing our own kind is looked down upon , but i think i 'll make an exception here . 
 i have a feeling you might make my life difficult if i let you out of here alive . '' 
 now his hand tightened , crushing my throat . 
 i saw his other hand reaching inside his coat pocket . 
 i knew his thoughts . 
 hell , i was inside his twisted head . 
 he was reaching for a silver dagger . 
 i quit flailing and grabbed his hand at my throat with both of my own . 
 i did n't know who the fuck this asshole was , but i knew i was n't dead yet . 
 and with all the strength i had , i broke his wrist . 
 he screamed and dropped me . 
 i landed on my feet and squared off . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 but i was moving , using all my training and instincts , focusing my fear and hate and anger . 
 i was n't a slouch . 
 i knew what i was doing . 
 i hit him hard , repeatedly , driving my punches into the face . 
 who he was , i did n't care . 
 how strong he was , i did n't know . 
 how much damage i was doing , i could n't tell . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw aaron king standing in the doorway , his own jaw hanging down , holding a stun gun . 
 i motioned for him to get the girl , projecting my thoughts to him as strongly as i could . 
 he looked briefly confused and then moved to maddie . 
 my brief pause was all captain jack needed . 
 he leveled a devastating punch into my right eye . 
 so hard that i heard my cheekbone shatter . 
 i stumbled backwards and as i did so , i saw something silver slash before me . 
 his dagger . 
 amazingly , as it came down on me , all i could think of was my kids . 
 i saw their faces . 
 their beautiful faces . 
 the dagger sliced down , no doubt heading for my heart . 
 whether or not that would kill me , i did n't know , but i suspected it would . 
 i suspected captain jack knew exactly what he was doing . 
 except i 've been trained in knife fighting . 
 trained by the best . 
 i did the one thing we were taught to do when there was no real hope of avoiding a plunging knife . 
 use my arm as a shield . 
 and , as i did just that , i heard my old instructor 's voice : `` better to cut your arm than to die . '' 
 the knife slashed down as my arm came up ... chapter fifty-eight the narrow blade plunged through my arm . 
 this was shaping up to be a hell of a shitty day . 
 i could n't even scream . 
 i grunted while my lower jaw flapped . 
 but , believe it or not , i knew what i was doing . 
 i turned my arm , and the blade came out of his hand . 
 i backed away , stumbling , steam hissing from my forearm where the silver dagger 's handle protruded from it . 
 gasping and choking on my own blood , i pulled the blade free . 
 and that 's when something snaked across the bedroom , something crackling and alive . 
 aaron king 's stun gun . 
 it did little damage to the big texan in front of me , but the vampire did turn and grab at the wires , and when he did so , i leaped forward , and drove the silver dagger deep into him . 
 deep into his heart . 
 i shrank away as the texan went into wild convulsions . 
 i had seen death before , but never quite like this . 
 he did n't want to die . 
 that much was clear . 
 his body fought it , clawing at his bloody chest , which hissed steam . 
 he turned to me more than once as if to ask : what the hell have you done ? 
 he even lunged at me one more time but did n't get very far . 
 he collapsed on the tiled floor , back arched , steam rising , holding his chest , gasping like a fish out of water . 
 he did that for an unbelievable amount of time before he finally quit moving . 
 * * * `` i 've seen some weird shit in my time , '' said aaron king next to me . 
 `` but this takes the cake . '' 
 we were in the living room . 
 little maddie was wrapped in blankets and resting in one corner of the voluminous couch . 
 aaron was sitting next to me , holding my hand , and holding my jaw in place , too . 
 `` you ca n't talk , i know , but what happened back there ... '' he started shaking his head , his face paler than any vampire 's . 
 `` what the hell did happen back there ? '' 
 i could have reached out with my mind , but i did n't . 
 the old guy seemed to have had enough of a shock . 
 i was just too exhausted to speak , even telepathically . 
 the bullet had traveled through my stomach and out my lower back , leaving a hell of a messy hole . 
 still , the exposure to silver was doing a number on me , leaving me exhausted and nearly unconscious . 
 `` your poor jaw , lil ' darlin ' . 
 your poor arm . 
 sweet jesus , what the hell went on back there ? '' 
 he started shaking his head again , and then i saw there were tears in his eyes . 
 `` and what were they doing to this little one ? 
 they were taking her blood , were n't they ? 
 is she sick ? '' 
 i tried shaking my head . 
 he understood my minute impulse . 
 `` no , of course she ai n't sick . 
 they 're sick . 
 good lord , what were they doing to her ? '' 
 i tried shaking my head again . 
 aaron king said , `` maybe i should quit asking so many questions . '' 
 i tried to smile . 
 the old man held my jaw and my arms and did his best to comfort me . 
 `` the paramedics are coming . 
 tribal police will be here soon , too . 
 we have a hell of a mess on our hands . 
 i do n't know where to start explaining or what to say . '' 
 he looked at me kindly , but i saw the confusion in his eyes . 
 and fear . 
 `` you were shot in the stomach , stabbed in the arm . 
 but your wounds have stopped bleeding ... '' he let his voice trail off and the old guy just kept holding me and patting me and keeping my poor , broken jaw in place , and we sat like that until the police swarmed into the room ... * * * it was late . 
 i was loaded in the back of an ambulance . 
 it was also coming on morning , which was perhaps an hour or so away . 
 we had spent the night being quizzed from every conceivable angle . 
 mercifully , detective hanner from the fullerton police department had appeared . 
 and once she arrived , things started settling down . 
 now aaron king and i were left alone , and that 's when he told me that he had decided to come check things out for himself . 
 he did n't like the idea of me being alone . 
 a few routine questions at the front desk - and no doubt full use of his southern charm - had led him to connect carl luck with the oil-rich texan . 
 a few more inquiries later and he was on his way up to the suite ... when he 'd discovered the shattered door . 
 i nodded and whispered a thank you . 
 amazingly , i felt my jaw healing . 
 it had also settled back into place ; that is , roughly where it should be . 
 maybe i would forever have an overbite . 
 as aaron king sat there in the back of the ambulance , holding my hand , detective hanner opened the back door . 
 she asked if she could have a moment alone with me , and the old investigator nodded . 
 she told him he was no longer needed and he squeezed my hand lightly and said he would check up on me in a few days . 
 i nodded and wanted to thank him and i think he knew how grateful i was to him . 
 aaron king , who was n't really aaron king , nodded to detective hanner and left . 
 hanner looked at me , then jabbed a thumb in king 's direction . 
 `` was that who i think it was ? '' 
 i nodded again , and she shook her head and slipped inside the ambulance and shut the door behind her . 
 `` we need to talk , '' she said . 
 chapter fifty-nine `` well , i need to talk , '' she corrected . 
 `` i assume your jaw has not healed yet . '' 
 i shook my head gingerly . 
 she leaned over and examined me carefully . 
 `` yeah , that 's bad . 
 give it a day or so and you should be fine . 
 at least , well enough to talk . '' 
 she lowered her voice further . 
 `` kingsley asked me to talk to you . '' 
 she laughed lightly , as i 'm sure my eyes just about popped out of my head . 
 `` yes , i 've known mr. fulcrum for a long , long time . 
 probably longer than you 've been alive . '' 
 she sat on the edge of my gurney , resting her hands in her lap , and only occasionally looked me directly in the eyes . 
 and when she did , those few times that our eyes actually met , i had the disconcerting feeling that i was looking at something very alien . 
 her eyes were a little too wide . 
 too searching . 
 too penetrating . 
 and wild . 
 so damn wild . 
 she 's not human , i thought , and then wondered if she could hear my thoughts , too . 
 maybe that 's why she rarely looked me in the eye . 
 maybe she knew the effect her eyes had . 
 jesus , did i look like that , too ? 
 but detective hanner did not give me any indication that she had heard my thoughts . 
 or maybe i was getting better at shielding them . 
 i did n't know . 
 there was still so much to learn . 
 `` kingsley told me that you might have the medallion . 
 he was sketchy on this , as he knows its importance and value . 
 and he is right in not being too forthcoming about this . 
 people will kill for that medallion . 
 vampires especially . 
 you see , not all of us desire our current state . 
 some of us wish to be human again . '' 
 her eyes flashed over mine briefly , and her pupils were nothing more than tiny black pinpricks . 
 her eyes continued over my face and settled on my jaw . 
 `` he thought he could trust me , and that i might help you . '' 
 she looked at me again , and i suddenly realized how vulnerable i was in this position . 
 her pupils flared briefly , and she nodded . 
 `` he 's right , of course . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 she looked at my arm , cocking her head to one side . 
 `` but you should n't take my word for it . 
 there 's many like us who are n't honorable . 
 there are many like us who are like him - '' and here she nodded to another ambulance where i knew lay two bodies , carl luck and captain jack - `` yes , there are many who rape and pillage and act like asses . 
 just like humans , i suppose . 
 `` but you can trust me , even if you do n't yet . '' 
 she rested her hand lightly on my leg and hers was an oddly comforting touch . 
 i say oddly because i could feel the cold radiating through the blanket . 
 `` long ago , i had a child once , too . 
 he died of old age , and i watched him die from a distance , never getting close enough for him to recognize me . 
 he , of course , thought his mother had died in a fire , as i had planned . 
 you see , he was getting too old , and his mother was staying so young . 
 it was the hardest decision i ever had to make . '' 
 she smiled weakly at me . 
 `` but i watched him from afar , helping him when he needed it . 
 i suspect he thought he had a guardian angel . 
 but little did he know it was just me . '' 
 she smiled again . 
 `` lord help anyone who crossed him . '' 
 she laughed lightly and so did i. mostly , though , i was entranced by her . 
 enchanted , even . 
 she 's like me , i kept thinking . 
 she 's like me . 
 and i 'm not alone . 
 `` we do not have much time , samantha . 
 i will take care of things on this end . 
 some killings are not as heavily investigated as others . 
 some people need to be convinced of this . 
 i suspect , by the time everyone leaves here tonight , they will be convinced that this had been a drug deal gone bad . 
 very , very bad . 
 `` oh , and the body of captain jack ? 
 not to worry . 
 he will decompose like anyone else . 
 as far as the authorities are concerned , he is just another dead man . 
 and not the creature he had been . '' 
 she looked at me again , and her alien eyes briefly locked onto mine . 
 `` i have already convinced them to let you go . 
 in fact , many of the police here have no idea why you are here . '' 
 she smiled slyly . 
 `` yes , i have been a vampire for a long , long time . 
 i know things . 
 you and i need to talk . '' 
 i nodded . 
 yes , we very much needed to talk . 
 and now she reached out and took my hand and the cold that permeated from her was shocking . 
 i did my best not to gasp . 
 `` but first , you must take care of your little one . 
 do what you need to do , samantha moon , and i will help you find the answers you seek . 
 answers about the medallion ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 `` but know this : there are no guarantees . 
 few know anything about this medallion . 
 and those who do may not talk . 
 those who do , may , in fact , be dead . '' 
 i nodded and felt the tears come to me . 
 so many tears these past few days . 
 detective hanner squeezed my hand a little tighter . 
 two ice cold hands . 
 `` i do n't envy you , samantha . 
 i do n't know you , of course . 
 but i do n't envy you . 
 you have a decision to make . 
 perhaps the most difficult decision i can imagine . '' 
 detective hanner released my hand and came over to my side and hugged me deeply , careful of my jaw . 
 as she held me , i wept into her shoulder . 
 chapter sixty i was flying over the pacific ocean . 
 it was the next night . 
 i had spent the day by my son 's side , holding his hands , even as the doctors had raced in and out of the hospital . 
 some screamed at me to get out of the way . 
 one even shoved me out of the way . 
 they fought for his life . 
 they fought hard to save him . 
 i watched from his bedside as the doctors used all their skill and medicines and machines . 
 one doctor told me to expect the worst . 
 to start making preparations . 
 i told him to go to hell . 
 my son , for now , was still hanging on . 
 still alive . 
 for now . 
 the ocean was black and infinite . 
 crazy , glowing lights zigzagged beneath the surface , some bigger than others , and i knew this was life . 
 ocean life . 
 some of the bigger shapes did n't zig or zag so much as lumber slowly through the ocean , sometimes surfacing and blowing out great sprays of water that refracted the moonlight . 
 i flapped my massive wings languidly , riding the tides of night . 
 cold wind blew over my perfectly aerodynamic body . 
 it had been a hell of day . 
 the black halo around my son was so dense . 
 nearly syrupy . 
 he had only hours to live , i knew it . 
 danny was by his side . 
 and so was my sister and my daughter . 
 sherbet had stopped by , and so had fang and kingsley . 
 mercifully at separate times . 
 aaron king , knighthorse and spinoza all stopped by , too , each bringing flowers . 
 aaron king checked my jaw , saw me talking , and just shook his head in wonder . 
 knighthorse and spinoza were both irked that they had not been invited to the big showdown at the casino , until i reminded them i was a highly trained federal agent who could take care of herself . 
 the air was cold . 
 perhaps even freezing , but i felt perfectly comfortable . 
 the moon was only half full overhead . 
 had it really been only two weeks ago that the hulking monster that was kingsley had appeared in my hotel suite ? 
 i had checked on maddie , too . 
 the little girl was going to make it . 
 she had needed a full blood transfusion . 
 the black halo around her little body had all but disappeared . 
 the wind seemed to pick up from behind me , and i soared effortlessly . 
 below me , the pod of whales seemed to be keeping pace , their glowing bodies surfacing and spraying . 
 i quickly swept past them . 
 i thought of the water . 
 the dark water . 
 the world seemed to slow down under water . 
 sound became muted , and light diffused . 
 i looked down again ... stopped flapping , then tucked my wings in and dove . 
 * * * i closed my eyes as i broke the surface . 
 my aerodynamic body cut easily through the water , and i shot down into the dark depths . 
 but the water , much like the air , was n't truly dark . 
 sparks of light zipped through it . 
 bright filaments that lit my way . 
 i flapped my wings and discovered to my great surprise and pleasure that i easily moved through the water , my wings expelling it behind me powerfully , moving me quickly along . 
 like a manta ray . 
 i was a giant , bat-shaped manta ray . 
 i flapped my wings slowly but powerfully . 
 water surged past me , but did not hurt my eyes . 
 this creature that i had become was amazingly adaptive and resilient . 
 i was amazingly adaptive and resilient . 
 but not my son . 
 no , my son was dying , and he would be dead within hours . 
 i knew it . 
 the doctors knew it . 
 everyone knew it . 
 you did not need to be a doctor or psychic to see the encroachment of death . 
 i could stop his death . 
 i could give him eternal life , in fact . 
 i could have my baby boy by my side forever . 
 detective hanner had told me how to do it . 
 the process of transformation . 
 of turning mortal into immortal . 
 it was a crazy idea . 
 a reckless idea . 
 but i could save him - and then later return his mortality to him with the medallion . 
 maybe . 
 no one seemed to know for sure . 
 i continued flapping , my heart heavy . 
 a creature sidled up next to me . 
 a dolphin . 
 no , two dolphins . 
 they kept pace with me , thrusting with their powerful tails . 
 i knew very little about dolphins but if i had to guess , they looked perplexed as hell . 
 i did n't blame them . 
 no doubt they had never seen the likes of me . 
 a moment later , they pealed away , their auras leaving behind brightly phosphorescent vapor trails . 
 my son was going to die within hours . 
 maybe sooner . 
 this much was true . 
 i could save him . 
 giving him eternal life . 
 and i possessed a legendary medallion that could give him back his mortality . 
 a loophole in death . 
 not too many people had that option . 
 not too many mothers . 
 desperate mothers . 
 i heard kingsley 's words again . 
 and what if you ca n't change him back , sam ? 
 anthony would be immortal . 
 at age seven . 
 doomed to walk the earth forever . 
 at age seven . 
 to drink blood for all eternity . 
 at age seven . 
 it was one thing to consider turning the handsome , love-struck fang into my immortal lover , someone who wanted to fill my nights with pleasure and companionship , perhaps for the rest of my existence , which could be thousands of years , but who knew ? 
 it was quite another thing to doom anthony , my precious , precious child , to that same fate - he would always be seven years old , and a vampire . 
 i could not even imagine how to explain it all to him if the medallion did not work . 
 my heart gave a tremendous heave . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 who could possibly know what to do ? 
 time was running out . 
 my son was dying . 
 i tipped one of my wings and veered back toward the direction i had come . 
 my mind raced as i flapped hard , surging through the water , scattering tiny silver fish before me . 
 and then i came to a decision . 
 god , help me , i came to a decision . 
 i flapped my wings as hard as i could and burst free from the ocean and shot up into the night sky . 
