 1 . 
 the dream came again . 
 it was the third dream in as many days . 
 normally i do n't dream . 
 normally i close my eyes and sink into an eternal darkness , and do n't awaken until the persistent blaring of my alarm clock pulls me out of whatever black chasm i had descended into . 
 sure , i might have major issues , but insomnia is n't one of them . 
 except sometimes i do dream . 
 i dreamed of kingsley and the ruby-rose medallion last year . 
 i 've dreamed of fang before , especially prior to meeting him . 
 not so much anymore . 
 and now , for the past three days , the dreams with the girl . 
 i have no clue who she is . 
 young , cute , dressed in a waitress uniform , sitting on a bus bench , just prior to a runaway city bus obliterating her . 
 the same dream . 
 over and over . 
 now , as i sat up in bed , gasping , blinking hard as my alarm blared on the bedside table next to me , i saw her broken body again . 
 hell , i could even smell her blood . 
 jesus . 
 waking up in the middle of the day was hard enough . 
 waking up in the middle of the day to images like that was just plain unfair . 
 so i sat there for a few minutes , rubbing my face , listening to the alarm , seeing her broken body , smelling her spilled blood . 
 and through the pulsating alarm , i could hear her cries ... until she could cry no more . 
 jesus . 
 i got out of bed . 
 time to do some chores , then off to pick up the children . 
 in the living room , where the window shades were always drawn tight , i automatically turned on judge judy . 
 2 . 
 i was sitting in my minivan , parked on the side of the road . 
 sundown was minutes away , and i was feeling anxious . 
 the way i always felt just before the sun set . 
 excited . 
 relieved . 
 impatient . 
 desperate . 
 incomplete . 
 i forced myself to calm down . 
 not an easy thing to do . 
 not at this hour . 
 i was on my way to see detective sherbet . 
 he had a case for me . 
 a big case . 
 someone was leaving dead bodies around fullerton . 
 bodies drained of blood . 
 my son was heavy on my heart , but i was able to console myself with the knowledge that he seemed so ... comfortable with who he was . 
 and why should n't he ? 
 he was just a growing boy , a boy who happened to be stronger than everyone else at his school . 
 sure , he might think he was a little freaky . 
 but this was a good freaky , was n't it ? 
 i nodded and wiped a tear that had somehow found its way to my cheek bone . 
 `` yes , '' i whispered . 
 `` a good freaky . '' 
 i was going to have to tell him . 
 i knew that . 
 he had to know . 
 `` he has to know , '' i said to no one . 
 i was parked along harbor boulevard . 
 not too far from mine and kingsley 's favorite restaurant ... and not too far from heroes , either , where fang worked . 
 i checked my watch . 
 yup , he would be working now . 
 just around the corner . 
 serving drinks and dreaming of becoming a vampire . 
 fang , with his freaky teeth hanging from his neck . 
 lots of freaky going on here . 
 3 . 
 i was parked on amerige street , facing east . 
 in front of me , maybe twenty feet away , was harbor boulevard , which ran north and south . 
 diagonal from me , across harbor , was a familiar bus bench and a u-shaped hedge . 
 it was the same bus bench and hedge i had seen in my dream . 
 i was sure of it . 
 seeing it had surprised me , so much so that i stopped my minivan and just stared . 
 the same bus bench . 
 the same hedge . 
 minus the dead girl . 
 i knew harbor like the back of my hand , but , during the dream , i had n't been aware that it was this bus bench , on this section of street . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 i did n't know , but i decided to wait out the final few minutes of the day . 
 hell , i might as well be firing on all cylinders when i met with sherbet in a few minutes . 
 did n't hurt to have a clear mind when discussing a serial killer . 
 so i waited . 
 and i watched . 
 i knew the sun was inching closer to the horizon without having to look at it . 
 i always knew where the sun was . 
 always . 
 just as i knew it was sitting on the far horizon , slipping slowly away . 
 too slowly . 
 i made fists in my lap . 
 two small , white , knobby fists . 
 i saw the sun in my mind 's eye . 
 orange and burning . 
 so beautiful that it hurt . 
 halfway above the horizon . 
 now a quarter . 
 slipping ever lower . 
 hurry , hurry . 
 i opened my hands , closed them again . 
 and then it happened . 
 actually , two things happened simultaneously : first , the sun dropped below the horizon and relief flooded my system . 
 the night was truly my drug . 
 second , i saw her . 
 the broken girl from my dreams . 
 sitting down now on the bus bench . 
 4 . 
 i drummed my fingers on the steering wheel , thinking . 
 my position on amerige afforded a perfect view of the bus bench along harbor , where cars zipped up and down . 
 a few pedestrians , too . 
 downtown fullerton was a happening , vibrant place , filled with banks , coffee shops and restaurants . 
 the local congressman had an office here , too , which sort of added to the air of coolness . 
 except i was n't thinking about the congressman or the fact that i had n't had a coffee in nearly seven years . 
 i was trying to decide what to do . 
 unlike someone i know , i never asked to be a vampire . 
 and i never asked to be saddled with the many side effects of vampirism , either . 
 one such side effect was enhanced extrasensory perception . 
 or esp . 
 over the years , this ability , this psychic ability , had grown stronger . 
 but so far , i had never been able to predict the future . 
 or even see the future . 
 until now . 
 so , as i sat in my minivan , i was beginning to get a very bad feeling . 
 i suspected things were about to go very , very badly for the young lady sitting on the bus bench . 
 unless , of course , i helped . 
 i drummed my fingers some more , watching the girl through the windshield . 
 she was now leaning back on the bench , looking down at her cell phone . 
 as comfortable as could be . 
 as peaceful as could be . 
 she was cute and petite . 
 maybe even smaller than me , although i had her by a few pounds . 
 normally this would be cause for some minor jealousy , but i was n't feeling any jealously now . 
 no , i was worried sick . 
 interestingly , i have warning bells that alert me to danger ... but danger only to myself . 
 not to others . 
 presently , my inner alarm was quiet as the grave . 
 maybe my dream was wrong . 
 maybe . 
 except everything looked the same . 
 the same girl . 
 same bus bench . 
 same street . 
 same surrounding bushes . 
 the only thing that was missing was the out-of-control bus . 
 it 's coming , i thought . 
 and it 's coming soon . 
 the girl on the bench suddenly laughed and appeared to text something rapidly on her phone . 
 it was a similar laugh i had heard in my dream . 
 i had seen all this before . 
 three different times , in fact . 
 and it was not going to end well for this young girl . 
 no , it was going to end very , very badly . 
 and soon . 
 unless i did something about it . 
 i stepped out of my van . 
 5 . 
 the sun had set minutes earlier and i felt like a million bucks . 
 or , more accurately , i felt like a freaky , nearly invincible , bloodsucking creature of the night who will probably never sniff a million bucks . 
 potatoes , potatoes . 
 i inhaled the evening air-the sunless air-supercharging my undead body . 
 feeling stronger than i ever had , i beeped my minivan locked out of instinct , shoved the keys in my front pocket , and headed across the street . 
 6 . 
 like a good pedestrian , i waited for the light to turn green before i crossed harbor going east . 
 as i did so , i kept my eyes on the young girl , who was currently digging in her handbag for something . 
 that something turned out to be a black e-book reader . 
 my guess was a kindle . 
 then again , i 'd only just gotten a kindle this christmas , so what the hell did i know ? 
 she turned it on and sat back and crossed her legs . 
 her left foot kicked up and down . 
 i watched all of this as i continued across the street . 
 she was still south of me ; amerige street still separated us . 
 now , as i waited for this light to turn green , i watched her suddenly look up and frown . 
 she turned and looked behind her . 
 i looked , too . 
 there was no sign of a bus anywhere . 
 she frowned some more and almost reluctantly went back to her kindle . 
 as i waited for the light , frowning myself , i reflected that people were more psychic than they realized . 
 had she sensed some impending doom ? 
 had her body given her its own warning bell , and she chose to ignore it ? 
 i did n't know , but it was something to think about as my light finally turned green , and i crossed amerige street , heading south on harbor . 
 i suddenly felt foolish . 
 it was just a dream , after all . 
 granted , a very freaky dream . 
 but a dream nonetheless . 
 and yet ... and yet ... all the pieces of the puzzle were here . 
 everything . 
 from the girl , to the bench , to the hedge behind her . 
 everything except the runaway bus . 
 and one thing was certain : a bus was coming . 
 yes , i felt foolish , but if i 've learned anything over these past seven years , it 's to expect the unexpected . 
 a prophetic dream seemed strange as hell , sure . 
 but no stranger than drinking blood and changing into a giant vampire bat . 
 god , i 'm such a freak . 
 so , i moved toward her a little more confidently , even picking up my pace . 
 i passed a few pedestrians , couples mostly , no doubt on their way to one of the many downtown restaurants . 
 no one paid me any mind , and no one paid the girl any mind , either . 
 no one but me . 
 your friendly neighborhood vampire . 
 so how do you warn someone of danger ? 
 i did n't know , but i was going to figure it out . 
 feeling nervous and more than a little anxious , i sat on the far end of the bus bench . 
 she looked up as i did so , and i smiled . 
 the smile caught her off guard . 
 she gave me a weird half-smile , as if she 'd never smiled at a stranger before . 
 good enough . 
 i sat straight , knees together , wringing my hands , the very picture of the crazy bus lady . 
 maybe i am crazy , i thought . 
 maybe . 
 but the dream was real . 
 i leaned forward a little and looked down harbor boulevard . 
 there , about two blocks down , was the bus . 
 the same bus from my dreams . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 down to the red stripe over the wide grill . 
 presently , it was unloading some passengers as many more boarded . 
 no doubt making its last stop before it would stop here ... for her . 
 or us . 
 i had n't ridden on a bus in years , and i had no plans to ride this one . 
 and i had no plans to watch a young girl die today , either . 
 the bus lurched forward again . 
 the crawling marquis over the windshield proclaimed it was heading toward fullerton college , which was up the street past us on chapman . 
 i swallowed hard , forced myself to calm down . 
 to think . 
 i was a mom , dammit . 
 i had two kids . 
 i watched survivor . 
 i was n't a hero . 
 i was n't something out of a comic book . 
 sure , i was freaky as hell , but i never asked for any of this . 
 i rocked a little on the bench as the bus drew ever closer . 
 so how do you walk up to a complete stranger and tell them you 'd been dreaming of their death ? 
 i did n't know , but i was going to have to think of something . 
 and quick . 
 think , sam . 
 a favorite writer of mine likes to have his characters `` cudgel their balky brains . '' 
 i was beginning to appreciate that phrase . 
 my balky brain needed some cudgeling , some sense knocked into it . 
 something , anything to kick start it . 
 just talk to her , i thought . 
 do something . 
 `` what kind of reader is that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked up at me again . 
 this time she was n't smiling . 
 after all , to smile at the crazy street lady would only encourage her , right ? 
 `` kindle , '' she said simply , emotionlessly , and went back to reading . 
 she was wearing a cocoa 's uniform : black slacks , red pin-striped , short-sleeved blouse . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` it 's okay i guess . '' 
 she kept her head down . 
 the bus was a block away . 
 waiting at a red light , it looked menacing as hell , especially if you imagined it careening out-of-control , bounding up the curb like an enraged beast . 
 sweet jesus . 
 i swallowed my pride and said , in as non-threatening a voice as i could , `` this is going to sound crazy - '' words , i 'm sure , every person waiting at a bus stop wants to hear - `` but i believe your bus is going to ... be involved in some sort of accident . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i know i sound like a crazy woman , but i really , really think you should listen to me . '' 
 her eyes shot up as the kindle came down . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the bus was a half block away and picking up speed . 
 from here i could see the driver . 
 an older man , both hands securely on the steering wheel , staring intently ahead . 
 the picture of professionalism . 
 there were a few passengers further back , i could see , but it was impossible to tell how many . 
 i could hear the bus 's big engine growling , its shocks squeaking as it bounced over the pavement . 
 when i looked back at the girl , i saw that she was now sitting as far away from me as possible . 
 i spoke urgently now , admitting to something i rarely admitted to anyone , let alone a stranger . 
 `` look , i see things . 
 i know things . 
 i 'm weird like that , i know . 
 but i 'm here now to warn you . '' 
 `` warn me , why ? '' 
 `` you 're going to die . '' 
 she stared at me , long and hard . 
 sure , i was expecting a reaction , but not the one i received . 
 as she stared at me , and as the bus bore down on us , she burst out laughing . 
 `` who set you up ? 
 dillon ? 
 that fucker . 
 where is he ? 
 is he filming this shit ? 
 what are you , like , his mom or something ? '' 
 `` or something . 
 look , i do n't know who dillon is , but - '' the laughter abruptly stopped . 
 she leaned toward me aggressively . 
 `` then what the fuck do you want , lady ? 
 money ? 
 i do n't have any money . 
 drugs ? 
 i do n't have that shit , either . '' 
 `` all i want is for you to just move . 
 to get up . 
 stand ten or twenty feet away . 
 maybe thirty . '' 
 `` maybe you should go fuck yourself . '' 
 the bus grew louder . 
 it blotted out most of the street . 
 the driver sat high above us . 
 he looked alert and clear-headed . 
 he did n't look like someone who was about to lose control of a massive vehicle that , if out-of-control , might as well be a sherman tank . 
 i sat forward , ready to spring into action . 
 would i be fast enough to save the girl ? 
 should i just grab her now and haul her out off the bench and over the far wall ? 
 i nearly did . 
 in fact , i had just started to rise off the bench when something happened . 
 that something was the hiss of air brakes . 
 the bus was stopping . 
 i did n't relax until the bus had fully stopped in front of us . 
 and when it did , the girl leaped to her feet , throwing her bag over a shoulder . 
 she turned to me as the bus door hissed open . 
 `` nice call , bitch . '' 
 she stepped inside , looked back at me once , and promptly flipped me the bird . 
 the bus driver leaned toward me . 
 an elderly man with a red face . 
 `` hey lady , you coming in or what ? '' 
 `` no , sorry , '' i said , my voice trailing off . 
 `` wrong bus . '' 
 he shrugged , reached for a lever , shut the door . 
 a moment later , the bus was heading north again on harbor boulevard , leaving me sitting alone and confused as hell . 
 i did n't know whether or not to feel relieved or irritated . 
 what the hell had just happened ? 
 i did n't know , but the very bus i had seen smashing into the cement bench and crushing the young girl in the waitress uniform had just passed me by . 
 and just as that thought crossed my mind , just as the bus crossed the next intersection , i looked down at the bench beneath me . 
 it was wooden . 
 i snapped my head up , searching desperately ahead . 
 yes , there was another bus stop two blocks away . 
 a bus stop that was directly in front of a cocoa 's restaurant - where a young waitress-wearing the same black slacks and pin-striped blouse-was sitting , on what was surely a cement bench . 
 a young girl digging in a handbag and not paying attention to the bus bearing down on her . 
 i leaped to my feet , sprinted down the sidewalk . 
 i would never get there in time , not even with my freaky enhanced speed . 
 and the bus , if anything , was picking up speed . 
 all while the girl continued digging in her bag . 
 shit . 
 i ran faster , passing people on the street . 
 many turned to watch me speed by . 
 many did n't care or notice . 
 someone screamed far ahead . 
 i looked up and saw why . 
 the bus was slewing across the lane , bouncing into the curb . 
 metal sparked from the rims . 
 the light on amerige street was mercifully green , and i dashed across it , running faster than i ever had before , but knowing i would never make it in time . 
 and knowing there was only one thing i could ... a single flame appeared in my thoughts . 
 i focused on the flame and ran and dodged signs and people and trees . 
 as the flame grew brighter , i leaped as high as i could , holding my arms out . 
 i convulsed . 
 my clothing burst from my body . 
 and when i opened my eyes again , giant , black , leathery wings stretched out far and wide to either side . 
 wings that were once my arms . 
 and instead of falling back to the sidewalk , i sailed forward , low to the ground . 
 someone screamed behind me . 
 two , three , four screams . 
 a tree was fast approaching . 
 i flapped my wings hard , gaining altitude-and just clipped the tree . 
 a car to my left hit its brakes , squealing . 
 another car hit its brakes . 
 more squealing , but mercifully i did n't hear the sounds of cars crashing . 
 the building next to me was mostly smoked glass , nearly as dark as my thick hide . 
 i hoped it camouflaged me enough to not cause a major panic . 
 below , the bus careened off a small tree , flattening it , scattering leaves and birds everywhere . 
 i flapped my wings faster , racing forward . 
 wind thundered over me . 
 one or two people below stopped and pointed at me , but most people were watching the out-of-control bus , oblivious that something giant and horrific was speeding through the night air just a few feet above their heads . 
 the bus bounced and jolted-and bounded onto the curb like something hungry and destructive . 
 now i heard screaming from inside the bus . 
 what had happened to the driver ? 
 i did n't know , and i had no time to think about it . 
 i had seen in my dreams what happens to this poor girl , and it 's not pretty . 
 and , just like in my dreams , she sat directly in the path of the runaway bus . 
 i angled my wings and rocketed down . 
 i was still about a half a city block away . 
 the bus slammed into another tree , plowed through a hedge , obliterated a trash can . 
 someone in its path dove out of the way , saving themselves . 
 the girl on the bench still had n't looked up , was still clueless , was still rocking out to whatever the hell she was listening to . 
 someone yelled at her from across the street , waving their arms in vain trying to get her attention . 
 no luck . 
 now she suddenly laughed at something . 
 perhaps a funny lyric in the song . 
 perhaps recalling a funny conversation she 'd had today . 
 either way , it was the same laugh from my dreams . 
 i dropped from the sky , talons extended . 
 a bird of prey . 
 a beast of prey . 
 the bus was now half on the curb , half on the street , rumbling inevitably toward the girl . 
 i sliced through the air . 
 a black streak . 
 a black streak with claws and teeth and wings . 
 people were screaming . 
 the girl finally looked up . 
 she screamed too , tried to run . 
 too late . 
 the bus was upon her . 
 except , i was upon her , too . 
 or , rather , on top of her . 
 just as the bus blasted through the cement bench , my clawed talons snatched her from under her arms and around her shoulders . 
 i beat my wings hard , lifting the girl , who screamed and twisted beneath me . 
 i lifted her higher and higher , all while i heard the destruction below . 
 concrete and metal colliding . 
 horns honking . 
 more screaming than i had ever heard in my life . 
 soon , we were above the highest building . 
 near the corner of the roof , near a door i suspected led to stairs , i set her down . 
 she was still screaming as she crumpled into a heap . 
 i saw immediately that her clothing was torn where i had grabbed her . 
 blood oozed from a few wounds as well . 
 her shoulders , i was certain , were dislocated . 
 but at least she was alive . 
 i did n't linger . 
 i flapped my wings hard and rocketed up into the night sky . 
 7 . 
 there was much talk about the bus crash . 
 the driver , an old man who was nearing retirement , had suffered a massive heart attack . 
 he 'd fallen over the steering wheel , and it had taken many passengers to finally wrestle him off and gain control of the bus . 
 and despite going up the curb of a busy , downtown sidewalk , no one had been seriously injured . 
 much had been made of the creature that had appeared . 
 a creature witnessed by many people . 
 also , much had been made of the girl who was seen on the park bench in one instant , and then seemingly gone the next . 
 only to reappear miraculously on a nearby rooftop . 
 injured but safe . 
 there was much talk of a guardian angel . 
 or a guardian something , since those who had seen the creature proclaimed it was no angel . 
 a demon , if anything . 
 i knew all of this because detective sherbet of the fullerton police department had talked to me about it , confirming that it had been me . 
 secretly , of course , as he knew most of my secrets . 
 he reminded me that i was n't a superhero , but he also thanked me . 
 most intriguing were the reports of a naked woman seen sneaking through town , only to disappear into a minivan . 
 and drive off . 
 i knew that hide-a-key would come in handy . 
 the end 
