 chapter one i was cleaning house in the dark and watching judge judy rip some cheating ex-husband a new one , when my doorbell rang . 
 enjoying this more than i probably should have , i hurried over to the door and opened it . 
 my appointment - and potential new client - was right on time . 
 his name was charlie anderson , and he was a tall fellow with a short , gray beard , bad teeth , nervous eyes and a peaceful aura . 
 in fact , the aura that surrounded him was so serene that i did a double take . 
 i showed him to my back office where he took a seat in one of the four client chairs . 
 i moved around my desk and sat in my leather chair , which made rude noises . 
 i might have blushed if i could have . 
 i picked up my liquid gel pen and opened my pad of paper to a blank page . 
 i said , `` you mentioned in your email something about needing help finding something that was lost . '' 
 `` stolen , actually . '' 
 i clicked open my pen . 
 `` and what was that ? '' 
 `` a safe , '' he said . 
 i think i blinked . 
 `` a safe ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 a safe . 
 it was stolen from me , and i need your help to find it . '' 
 he explained . 
 the safe had been handed down through his family for many generations . 
 it had never been opened , and no one knew what was inside . 
 charlie 's father , now deceased , had left the safe to him nearly twenty years ago . 
 recently , a gang of hoodlums had moved into charlie 's neighborhood , and soon after , some of charlie 's things had gone missing . 
 a gas can , loose change from the ashtray in his car . 
 if he was a betting man - and charlie assured me he was n't - he would bet that these punks had stolen his safe . 
 i made notes . 
 charlie spoke haltingly , often circling back and repeating what he 'd just said . 
 charlie was a shy man and he was n't used to being the center of attention . 
 he was even shy about being the center of attention of a smallish woman in her small back office . 
 `` when was the safe stolen ? '' 
 `` two days ago . '' 
 `` where was it stolen from ? '' 
 `` my home . 
 a mobile home . 
 a trailer , really . '' 
 i nodded . 
 i was n't sure i knew what the difference was , but kept that to myself . 
 `` and where did you keep the safe in your trailer ? '' 
 `` i kept it behind the furnace . '' 
 `` behind ? '' 
 `` the furnace is non-functional . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` if you remove the blower , there 's a space to hide stuff . '' 
 i nodded , impressed . 
 `` seems like a good hiding spot to me . '' 
 `` i thought so , too . '' 
 `` any chance it could have been stolen a while back , and you only recently noticed ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 in fact , he often shrugged , sometimes for no apparent reason . 
 shrugging seemed to be a sort of nervous tic for charlie . 
 he said , `` a week ago , maybe . '' 
 `` were you alone when you checked the safe ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i studied my notes ... tapping my pen against the pad . 
 my house was quiet , as it should be . 
 the kids were at school . 
 as they should be . 
 i looked at the time on my computer screen . 
 i had to pick them up in about twenty minutes . 
 at about this time of the day , my brain is foggy at best . 
 so foggy that sometimes the most obvious question eludes me . 
 i blinked , focused my thoughts , and ignored the nearly overwhelming desire to crawl back into bed ... and shut out the world . 
 at least until the sunset . 
 then , i was a new woman . 
 or a new something . 
 i kept tapping the tip of the pen against the pad of paper until the question finally came to me . 
 finally , it did . 
 `` why would the thieves know to look behind the furnace ? 
 seems a highly unlikely place for any thief to ever look . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 i said , `` shrugging does n't help me , mr. anderson . '' 
 `` well , i do n't know why they would look there . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 did you ever tell anyone about the safe ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did anyone ever see you , ah , looking at the safe ? '' 
 `` i live alone . 
 it 's just me . '' 
 `` any family members know about the safe ? '' 
 `` maybe a few do , but i do n't keep in touch with them . '' 
 `` do you have any children ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 bingo . 
 `` where do your kids live ? '' 
 `` the philippines , presently . 
 i 'm a retired navy vet . 
 my ex-wife is from the philippines . 
 the kids stay with her most of the time . '' 
 `` but some of the time they stay with you ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` how long ago has it been since they were last with you ? '' 
 `` a month ago . '' 
 more notes , more thinking . 
 i put the pen aside . 
 i had asked just about everything my dull brain could think of . 
 besides , i had to start wrapping this up . 
 `` i can help you , '' i said . 
 `` but under one condition . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i get half of whatever 's in the safe . '' 
 `` what about the retainer fee ? '' 
 `` i 'll waive the fee . '' 
 `` and if you do n't find the safe ? '' 
 `` you owe me nothing , '' i said . 
 he looked at me for a good twenty seconds before he started nodding . 
 `` i 've always wondered what the hell was in that thing . '' 
 `` so , do we have a deal then , mr. anderson ? '' 
 `` we have a deal , '' he said . 
 chapter two i picked up the kids from school and , as promised , we made a dollar store run . 
 once there , i gave the kids each a hand basket and told them to have it . 
 they had at it , tearing through the store like game show contestants . 
 tammy crammed some packages of red velvet bows in her hand basket and moved onto the jingle bells , shaking them vigorously . 
 i chuckled as i watched little anthony grab some scented christmas candles . 
 the candles filled up at least half his hand basket . 
 now , what did an eight-year-old need with christmas candles ? 
 nothing . 
 he simply grabbed them because it was the first of the christmas items he 'd seen . 
 i was fairly certain that he would later regret his choice . 
 as the kids attacked the many holiday rows , i smiled to myself and strolled casually through the mostly-clean store , trying like hell to ignore the way my legs shook , or the way my skin still burned from the five-second sprint from the minivan to the store . 
 sadly , even with the winter-shortened days , we were still about two hours from sunset . 
 two hours . 
 that thought alone almost depressed me . 
 since my transmutation seven years ago , i 'm supernaturally aware of the location of the sun in the sky . 
 i can be in any building at any time and tell you exactly where the sun is , either above or below the earth . 
 even now i could feel it directly above me , angling just over my right shoulder , heading west . 
 i powered through the shakiness and heaviness , and worked my way down an aisle of discounted hardback novels . 
 i paused and flipped through a historical mystery novel , read a random paragraph , liked it , and dropped it into my own hand basket . 
 for a buck , i 'll try anything . 
 hell , the kindle app on my iphone was filled with free ebooks and .99 cent ebooks that i had snagged in a buying frenzy a few days ago . 
 now , all i needed to do was to find the time to read them . 
 i 'm sure the one about the vampire mom - written , of all people , by a guy with a beard - should give me a good laugh . 
 i continued down the aisle . 
 i did n't often shop at the dollar store , but when i did , i made the most of it . 
 and the kids , i knew , had been waiting all week for this trip . 
 it was , after all , a christmas tradition with us . 
 each year about this time , the kids were given an empty basket and told to fill them with christmas decorations . 
 at a dollar a pop , no one was going to break the bank , and once home , together we hung or displayed the decorations . 
 usually with cookies baking in the oven . 
 of course , this was the first year we were doing it without danny , but so far , neither of the kids had mentioned the exclusion of their father , and i sure as hell was n't going to say anything . 
 seven months ago , just after a rare disease nearly cost my son his life , i had filed for divorce . 
 just last month , the divorce had been finalized . 
 i was technically single , although my relationship with kingsley fulcrum had taken on legs . 
 or teeth . 
 we had grown closer and more comfortable with each other , and for that i was grateful to him . 
 the famed defense attorney - never known for his moral compass , nor morals of any type - had suddenly developed a conscience . 
 now , he was a little more selective with his defense cases , a little more discerning . 
 he winnowed out the obvious slimeballs . 
 of late , he seemed to choose his clients with some care . 
 he did this , i knew , for me . 
 after all , i had found it nearly impossible to get too close to a man who actively defended murderers and cutthroats , rapists and all-around jerk-offs . 
 he got it . 
 if he wanted me in the picture , he was going to have to change . 
 and he did . 
 yeah , i 'm still amazed and a little in shock . 
 but we were taking things slowly . 
 i had to move slowly . 
 anything faster , and i would have seriously freaked out . 
 so i only saw the big lug a few times a week , sometimes only once a week . 
 he never stayed over ... and only rarely did i stay over at his palatial estate . 
 half the time , he took me out . 
 the other half , i cooked for him . 
 it took me months before i formally introduced my kids to him . 
 and even then , i only did so as my `` friend . '' 
 i knew the friend comment hurt him , but he went with it . 
 anthony , i knew , had never seen a man this big in his life , and kingsley was immediately the designated jungle gym . 
 i could n't help but laugh every time kingsley showed up , especially in his two-thousand-dollar armani suits , only to watch anthony climb all over him . 
 i chuckled at the recent image of kingsley sighing resignedly as anthony used the defense attorney 's massive bicep as a pull-up bar . 
 to kingsley 's credit , he always let anthony play , and never once did he mention his clothes . 
 i figured that someday he would wise up and show up in jeans and a tee shirt . 
 we 'll see . 
 i had just spotted an end-cap stacked with organic soup . 
 granted , i could n't eat organic soup , but my kids could . 
 and at a dollar a pop , i eagerly started scooping them up . 
 as i did so , i sensed someone behind me and paused and turned . 
 and gasped . 
 okay , a small gasp . 
 after all , i was n't expecting to see such a beautiful man there , leaning casually against a shelf full of cheap spatulas , and smiling warmly at me . 
 his eyes even twinkled , and i could n't help but notice the soft , silvery aura that surrounded him . 
 never before had i seen a silver aura , and never an aura so alive and vibrant . 
 who the hell was this guy ? 
 i did n't know , but one thing was for sure : i was especially not expecting him to say my name , but that 's exactly what he did . 
 he crossed his arms over his massive chest , and said , `` hello , samantha . 
 how are you ? '' 
 this time , i definitely gasped . 
 chapter three a peaceful calm radiated from the tall man . 
 his silver aura shimmered around him like a halo . 
 his warm smile put me immediately at ease . 
 my inner alarm system , too , since it was as silent as could be . 
 he wore a red cashmere turtleneck sweater , very christmassy looking , with relaxed fit jeans and hiking shoes . 
 his shoes looked new . 
 his fingers , which curled around his biceps , were long and whitish , capped by pinkish , thick nails . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not directly , '' he said . 
 `` indirectly ? '' 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 i wracked my brain . 
 had he been a client ? 
 a high school boyfriend ? 
 a friend of a high school boyfriend ? 
 was he the boy i kissed behind the backstop in the fourth grade ? 
 or the boy i kissed at the bus stop ? 
 other than realizing that i showed a predisposition for love triangles at an early age , my mind remained maddeningly blank , although something nagged at me distantly . 
 `` you got me , '' i said . 
 `` how do you know me ? '' 
 he continued leaning against the shelf , watching me . 
 `` through my work . '' 
 `` your work ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and what kind of work is that ? '' 
 `` i 'm a. . . 
 bodyguard of sorts . '' 
 technically , so was i . 
 as a licensed private investigator in the state of california , i could legally work as a bodyguard , too . 
 granted , at five-foot three inches tall , i could n't cover much of anyone 's body . 
 still , i bring other ... skill sets to the table . 
 despite sensing no danger , my guard was up . 
 i instinctively looked over at my kids , who were presently fighting over a huge styrofoam candy cane , apparently the only one in the store . 
 the candy cane promptly snapped in half like a wish bone . 
 anthony let out a wail . 
 tammy gave him her broken piece and slinked away . 
 i would deal with her later . 
 the kids , at least , were fine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said to him , `` but i do n't remember you . '' 
 `` i would n't expect you to . '' 
 he spoke calmly , assuredly , with no judgment in his voice . 
 if anything , there was a hint of humor . 
 he watched me closely , his blazing eyes almost never leaving me . 
 whoever he was , i had his full attention . 
 i nearly just wished him a merry christmas and turned and left , but something made me stick around . 
 `` so , what 's your name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ishmael . '' 
 i almost made a moby dick joke , but held back . 
 truth be known , i was a little freaked out that this guy knew me , and i had n't a clue who he was . 
 `` where do you know me from , ishmael ? 
 and give it to me straight . 
 no more double speak . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you would n't remember me , samantha . 
 but i can say this : you know my client . '' 
 ishmael was an unusual-looking man . 
 he seemed both comfortably relaxed and oddly uncomfortable . 
 he often did n't know what to do with his hands , which sometimes hung straight down , or crossed over his chest . 
 he radiated serenity , but every now and then , perplexingly , a black streak of darkness , like a worm , would weave through his beautiful , silver aura . 
 amazingly , my inner alarm system remained silent . 
 `` and who 's your client ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he continued to watch me . 
 now , he held his hands together loosely at his waist . 
 i think the guy would have been better off utilizing his pants pockets . 
 another streak of blackness flashed through his aura , so fast that i nearly did n't see it . 
 then another . 
 he smiled at me in a way that few men have ever smiled at me : knowingly , lovingly , comfortably , happily , sexily . 
 finally , he said , `` the client , sam , was you . '' 
 chapter four we had spent the evening baking cookies and generally making a mess of the kitchen . 
 flour , cinnamon , sprinkles , and sugar dusted the floor , our three sets of footprints overlapping on the tile , like some mad family circus diagram . 
 but what 's christmas for , if not to bake with children ? 
 then we all cuddled up on the couch . 
 i had put in the groundhog day dvd and we watched it with a fresh batch of cookies and milk . 
 of course , i only pretended to eat my cookies , which i promptly spit back into my milk . 
 ah , but those few seconds of sugary delight were heaven ... but i would pay a price for it ... anything not blood , no matter how minute , would cause me severe cramping and the dry heaves later . 
 when the kids were in bed and i had gotten caught up on my office paperwork and billing , i grabbed my laptop and curled up on one corner of the living room couch . 
 you there , fang ? 
 no doubt , other creatures of the night were out running around ... doing whatever it was that creatures of the night do . 
 i knew what i did . 
 i worked . 
 and besides , tonight was a school night . 
 and , despite being a professional private investigator who works the late shift , i could n't leave my kids alone at night unless i could find a sitter . 
 that was why being married had been so convenient . 
 danny , my ex-husband , would watch the kids while i worked late . 
 that is , until he started staying late himself , for reasons that were n't so admirable . 
 i drummed my fingers along the laptop case , waiting for fang to reply . 
 at the far end of the hallway , i could hear anthony snoring lightly , even through his closed door . 
 along with my condition came an increased perception of many of my senses . 
 hearing and sight were two of them . 
 i could hear and see things that i had no business hearing and seeing . 
 the sense of taste and touch , not so much , which was just as well . 
 i could n't eat food anyway , and i certainly did n't need inadvertent orgasms every time someone touched my shoulder . 
 the jury was still out on my sense of smell , although it might have increased a little . 
 not necessarily a good thing with a gaseous eight-year-old around . 
 anyway , i had always had a good sniffer , so it was kind of hard to tell for sure . 
 ah ... there he was . 
 the little pencil icon appeared in the chatbox window , indicating that fang was typing a response . 
 good evening , moon dance . 
 or , more accurately , good middle-of-the-night . 
 good middle-of-the-night to you , too . 
 he typed a smiley face , followed by : so , to what do i owe the pleasure of your company , moon dance ? 
 fang was my online confidant . 
 he was also a convicted murderer and escaped convict with serious psychological issues . 
 but that 's another story for another time . 
 over the years , though , he had proven to be loyal , knowledgeable and extremely helpful . 
 after six years of anonymously chatting , fang and i had finally met for the first time six months ago . 
 the meeting had been interesting , and there had been some physical chemistry . 
 but then came `` the request . '' 
 again , six months ago , back when my son was losing his battle with the extremely rare kawasaki disease , fang had asked me to turn him into a vampire . 
 now , that 's a helluva request , even among close friends . 
 at the time i was dealing with too much and had told him so . 
 he understood . 
 his timing was off . 
 he got it . 
 we had n't discussed his request for a while now , but it was always out there , simmering , seething just below the current of all our conversations . 
 we both knew it was out there . 
 we both knew i would get around to it when the time was right . 
 and what would be my answer ? 
 i did n't know . 
 not yet . 
 the question , for now , was bigger than i was . 
 i need time to wrap my brain around it . 
 to let it simmer . 
 percolate . 
 brew . 
 but someday , perhaps someday soon , i would give him my answer . 
 i wrote : i have a question . 
 you usually do , fang replied . 
 what do you know of silver auras ? 
 they 're common , although they 're usually associated with other colors , why ? 
 i saw a silver aura today , but a bright one . 
 perhaps the brightest i 'd ever seen . 
 a radiant , glorious silver . 
 no other colors ? 
 i shook my head , even though he could n't see me shaking my head . 
 just silver , i typed . 
 hang on . 
 there was a long pause , and i suspected fang was either thinking or googling or consulting what i knew to be a vast , private occult library . 
 i knew something of occult libraries ... having met a curious young curator of such a library , six months ago . 
 i waited . 
 my house was mostly silently , other than anthony 's light snoring . 
 was it normal for an eight-year-old to snore ? 
 i wondered if i should have that checked . 
 these days , after the ordeal with kawasaki disease , i was constantly on guard with anthony 's health . 
 fang came back , typing : please describe him to me , moon dance . 
 tallish , i wrote . 
 well-built . 
 narrow waist . 
 broad shoulders . 
 smiled a lot . 
 what did he say to you ? 
 i thought about that . 
 said he knew me , and had known me from way back , that he worked with me ... or implied that he had worked with me . 
 he knew my name . 
 but did you recognize him ? 
 no . 
 what about your inner alarm system ? 
 did he trigger it ? 
 were you on guard ? 
 quite the opposite , i wrote . 
 if anything , i felt at peace . 
 there was a long delay , then finally , fang 's words appeared in the im chat box : unless i 'm mistaken , moon dance , i believe you just met your guardian angel . 
 chapter five charlie lived in a single-wide trailer . 
 although the trailer looked old , it appeared well-enough maintained . 
 as i approached the door in the late evening , i realized that i had never been inside a single-wide trailer . 
 somehow , i controlled my excitement . 
 the exterior was composed of metal siding , and there was a lot of junk piled around the house . 
 controlled junk , as it was mostly on old tables and shelving . 
 lawn mower parts , fan belts , engine parts , and just about everything else that belonged in a garage , except the mobile home did n't have a garage . 
 the front door was , in fact , a sliding glass door . 
 charlie , apparently , used the mobile home 's rear door as his front door . 
 a quick glance around the home explained why : the front door had no steps leading up to it . 
 leading up to the sliding glass door was a small wooden deck , which i used now . 
 i peered inside . 
 it was the living room , and where the exterior had controlled mayhem , the interior was a straight-up mess . 
 charlie anderson , it appeared , was a hoarder . 
 the shelving theme from outside was extended to the inside . 
 shelves lined the walls , packed with plastic containers , themselves filled with computer parts , cables , and other electronic doodads . 
 interestingly , not a single book lined his book shelves . 
 the floor was stacked with newspapers and speakers and car radios and old computer towers in various stages of disarray . 
 boxes were piled everywhere . 
 and not neatly . 
 dog toys and old bones littered the floor . 
 a huge tv sat in the far corner of the room , draped in a blanket , while a much smaller tv sat next to it , currently showing something science-fictiony . 
 zombies or robots , or both . 
 i was just about to knock on the glass door when a fat little white terrier sprang from the couch and charged me , barking furiously . 
 all teeth and chub . 
 but at the door , it suddenly pulled up , stopped barking , and looked at me curiously . 
 i looked back at it . 
 it cocked its head to one side . 
 i did n't cock my head . 
 then it whimpered and dashed off . 
 as it did so , i heard more movement ... the sound of someone getting out of a recliner , followed by charlie anderson 's happy-go-lucky , round face . 
 he let me in , asking if i 'd found the place okay . 
 i assured him i had . 
 once inside , i could fully appreciate just how much crap charlie had . 
 and yet ... i had a sneaking suspicion that charlie knew exactly where all his junk was . 
 `` nice place you have here . '' 
 i was speaking facetiously , and a little in awe , too . 
 but charlie took it as a real compliment , bless his heart . 
 `` thanks , but it 's just home . 
 i used to worry about cleaning and stuff like that , but i figured what 's the point ? 
 my friends call me a hoarder , but i just like junk . 
 i think there 's a difference . '' 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 he looked at me eagerly . 
 `` so , you agree there 's a difference ? '' 
 i could tell he wanted me to agree , to confirm that he did n't have a hoarding problem , that he was just another guy with thousands of glass jars stacked on a long shelf over his kitchen table . 
 the jars , as far as i could tell , were filled with every conceivable nut and bolt known to man . 
 thank god they were n't filled with human hearts . 
 i leaned over . 
 the jar cloest to me was filled with - and i had to do a double take here - bent nails . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` there 's a huge difference . '' 
 charlie exhaled , relieved . 
 i think we might have just bonded a little . 
 `` i think so , too , '' he said , nodding enthusiastically . 
 `` would you like a diet pepsi ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` water ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 maybe you can show me where you kept the safe , charlie ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 right this way . '' 
 he led me through his many stacks of random junk . 
 we even stepped around an old car fender . 
 a fender . 
 seriously ? 
 laying next to the fender was the upper half of a desk , the half with the doors that no one ever uses . 
 there was no sign of the lower half anywhere . 
 just the upper . 
 seriously ? 
 but there was more . 
 so much more . 
 the junk seemed eternal . 
 i already felt lost , consumed . 
 how anyone could live like this , i did n't know . 
 the junk almost seemed to take on a life of its own , as if it was the real inhabitant of the house , and we were the strangers , the trespassers . 
 indeed , i could even see the chaotic energy , bright and pulsating , swirling throughout the house . 
 crazy , frenetic energy that seemed trapped and still-connected to the many inanimate objects . 
 energy , i knew , could attach to an object , especially an object of great importance , and so , really , i was n't too surprised to see the spirit of the old woman hanging around an even older-looking piano . 
 granted , the piano itself was mostly covered in junk , but the old woman did n't seem to care much about that . 
 `` where did you get this piano ? '' 
 i asked . 
 as i spoke , the old woman , who had mostly been ignoring us , turned and looked at me with some interest . 
 charlie , who was about to lead the way down a narrow hallway , paused , and looked back . 
 `` my neighbor was throwing it out . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he was moving . 
 i guess it belonged to his mother , who was a music teacher , i think . 
 she died a few years back . 
 i shored up my floor with some extra jacks underneath and pushed it through the sliding glass door . 
 it was n't easy , but i got it in here . '' 
 `` do you play ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` have you ever , ah , heard it play before ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i mean , have you ever heard it play on its own ? '' 
 he looked at me , seemed to think about , or , more accurately , decide how much he wanted to tell me , then finally nodded . 
 `` yeah , sometimes . 
 just a few notes . 
 i figure it 's mice . '' 
 `` do you believe in ghosts ? '' 
 i asked . 
 as i did so , the old lady drifted up from the piano seat where she 'd been sitting along with some stacks of automobile manuals . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 the woman approached me carefully . 
 she was composed of a thousands , if not millions of staticky , supernatural filaments of super-bright light . 
 sometimes the filaments dispersed a little . 
 when they did , she grew less distinct . 
 sometimes they came together tightly , and when they did , she took on more form , more details . 
 as she approached , i could see where light pulsated brightly at the side of her head , and knew that she had died of a brain aneurysm . 
 she reached out a hand , which looked so bright and detailed that it could have been physical . 
 i reached out my own and took hers , and as i did so , a shiver coursed through me . 
 in that moment , i had an image of a school , with many dozens of children playing this very piano . 
 `` no reason , '' i said . 
 `` but , would n't you think this piano would do some kids some good ? 
 maybe at an elementary school ? '' 
 charlie blinked hard , thought about that . 
 giving up his junk , i knew , was a torturous act . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` yeah , i suppose . '' 
 `` would you do that for me ? '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` sure . 
 but why ? '' 
 the old woman , who was still holding my hand , had covered her face with her other hand . 
 shivers continued up and down my arm . 
 `` seems the right thing to do , does n't it ? '' 
 charlie shrugged . 
 `` yeah , i suppose so . 
 i am sort of worried about the floor . 
 even with the extra jacks underneath . 
 i 'll do it tomorrow . 
 i can check around with some schools . '' 
 `` you 're a good man , charlie brown . '' 
 he smiled and turned a little red . 
 i released the old woman 's hand , who smiled and drifted back to the piano . 
 as i did so , i had a thought , `` when did you acquire the piano ? '' 
 `` last week . '' 
 `` before or after the theft of the safe ? '' 
 `` after . 
 why ? '' 
 ghosts , i knew from firsthand experience , made for excellent witnesses . 
 unfortunately , the timing did n't line up here . 
 `` no reason , '' i said . 
 charlie studied me , shrugged for the millionth time , and led me over to the furnace , which was located about halfway down the hallway . 
 once there , he removed the metal cover , set it down , and grabbed a flashlight from the nearby bathroom . 
 `` i kept the safe in here , '' he said , and shined the light at an empty space above the furnace . 
 `` i just set it in there . '' 
 `` it was n't bolted in ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's heavy , but so 's the furnace . 
 the safe just sat right where the old blower used to be . 
 the thing broke ages ago . 
 that 's it right over there . '' 
 he pointed the flashlight over to a dome-shaped , metal-encased fan . 
 surrounding the fan were a lot of old baggies full of random screws and washers . 
 one of the baggies even had baggies in it . 
 hoarding at its purest . 
 `` can you give me a minute alone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` sure ... you gon na dust for prints or something ? '' 
 `` or something , '' i said . 
 he nodded and smiled eagerly , anything to please me . 
 no doubt anything to please anyone . 
 he stepped back through his labyrinthine hallway , contorting his body this way and that , and when he was gone , i went to work . 
 chapter six first , i scanned the hallway . 
 i noted a window directly opposite the furnace . 
 the window was covered by both blinds and a curtain . 
 upon closer inspection , i saw that the blind was n't really made for this window . 
 it was a half inch too narrow ... perhaps just narrow enough for someone to see through . 
 i next ran my fingers along the dusty curtain , and what struck me immediately was how thin the material was . 
 thin and see-through . 
 individually , the blinds were too narrow and the curtains too thin . 
 but together , they should have done the job of keeping away prying eyes . 
 i thought about that as i scanned his hallway ... and spotted the oscillating fan at the end . 
 the fan was turned off , but i had another thought . 
 i went over to it and turned it on . 
 it faced into what appeared to be charlie 's bedroom . 
 then it started oscillating , turning briefly toward the hallway . 
 the blast of air from the fan was n't much . 
 but it was enough . 
 a moment later , the hem of the curtain fluttered up . 
 i watched three or four revolutions of the fan , and each time , the hem of the curtain fluttered higher and higher . 
 i went back to the window and studied it , and as i studied it , an image began to form in my thoughts . 
 the image coalesced into that of a young man standing just outside the window . 
 i closed my eyes and the image came into sharper focus . 
 a young man who was watching charlie . 
 standing just outside the trailer . 
 late at night . 
 who the person was , i had n't a clue . 
 why he happened to be standing just outside the trailer , i did n't know that either . 
 my psychic hits are just that . 
 hits . 
 not all-knowing information . 
 glimpses of information . 
 snapshots of information . 
 it was up to me to dig deeper , to decipher , to probe , and ultimately to figure out what the hell it all meant . 
 i went back into the living room , walked around the upper half of a recliner - just the upper half , mind you - and found charlie scratching his fat little pooch . 
 the dog saw me , promptly piddled on the carpet , and dashed off into the kitchen . 
 or what should have been a kitchen . 
 in charlie 's world , it was just another storage room . 
 `` rocko ! '' 
 he shouted , but charlie did n't really sound angry . 
 he sounded shocked , if anything . 
 he immediately produced a rag from somewhere on his person and went to work on the pee stain in the carpet . 
 `` i do n't know what 's gotten into him . '' 
 `` maybe he smells my sister 's cat on me , '' i said , since it seemed safer to say than : it 's probably because i 'm a blood-sucking fiend , and dogs , for some reason , can sense us . 
 `` maybe , '' said charlie . 
 `` but dogs are going to be dogs , ya know ? 
 you ca n't get mad at them for being dogs . '' 
 i smiled at his simple philosophy . 
 i asked , `` do you ever leave rocko alone ? '' 
 `` sometimes , but he likes to ride in the car with me . '' 
 `` so there are times when your house is completely empty ? '' 
 `` i suppose so , yeah . '' 
 as he cleaned , i asked him how often he checked on the safe . 
 he looked up at me from the floor , a little sweat already appearing on his brow as he worked at the dog pee . 
 `` well , i do n't really check it . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 he looked away , suddenly embarrassed . 
 he stopped scrubbing the floor . 
 his balding head gleamed . 
 `` i guess i sometimes look at it . '' 
 `` look at it ? '' 
 he thought some more . 
 `` well , i guess it reminds me of my dad , you know ? 
 and my grandfather . 
 we all had the at one time or another . 
 we all talked about it . 
 and sometimes ... '' but charlie suddenly got choked up and could n't continue . 
 so i finished for him . 
 `` and sometimes when you looked at it , or when you touched it , you could feel your father and grandfather nearby . '' 
 charlie wiped his eyes and nodded and looked away . 
 chapter seven admittedly , the blood was n't very christmassy . 
 it was late and i was alone in my office with a packet of the good stuff , freshly delivered today from the slaughterhouse in norco . 
 as i slit open the top of the plastic bag with a fingernail that was a little too thick and a little too sharp , i reflected on what i knew about blood . 
 fresh blood energized me , lifted me , made me feel more than human . 
 with fresh blood flowing through my veins , i felt like i could do anything . 
 and for all i knew , maybe i could . 
 acquiring fresh blood is another issue altogether . 
 i 'm not a killer , although i have killed . 
 to drink fresh blood implies two things : it has either been taken ... or freely given . 
 the freely given part was a concept i was still wrapping my brain around . 
 one of the perks of dating kingsley these past few months was that he always kept a fresh supply of hemoglobin for me . 
 where he got it , i may never know , and he was n't telling . 
 all i knew was that it made me feel like a new woman . 
 hell , like a new species . 
 but i will not take blood unwillingly from humans , although i certainly could if i wanted to . 
 i imagined there were others like me out there who took from others when and where they wanted it . 
 i suspected that many of the missing person cases around the world were a result of this , although i could be wrong , since i 'm not exactly immersed in the vampire sub-culture . 
 i 'm immersed in my kids and school and work , and dealing with an ex-husband who had revamped his efforts to bring me down . 
 how he would do this , i do n't know , but if ever there was someone who ran hot and cold , it was danny . 
 bi-polar , as my sister put it . 
 i studied the semi-clear packet of blood . 
 the packet was no bigger than my hand . 
 i did n't need much blood , and a packet this size would keep me going for three or four days . 
 i did n't need to drink nightly , although i could , if i chose to . 
 as i studied the packet , a thick animal hair rotated slowly within . 
 shuddering , i fished it out and flicked it in the waste basket . 
 blech . 
 hating my life , i brought the packet to my mouth , tilted it up , and drank deeply as the thick blood filled my mouth . 
 i ignored the bigger chunks of flesh , and only gagged two times . 
 i kept drinking until the packet was empty , until i 'd squeezed out every last drop . 
 when i did , i shuddered and closed my eyes and willed the blood to stay down . 
 i kept my fist over my mouth and kept shuddering . 
 when i opened my eyes , i saw him standing there , in the far corner of my office , watching me . 
 the man from the dollar store . 
 or , as fang put it ... my guardian angel . 
 chapter eight i gasped . 
 i might be a creature of the night , but that does n't mean i do n't get startled . 
 my first instinct was to dash toward the door of my office , which is what i did , blocking the stranger from further access into my house . 
 one moment i was sitting at my desk , downing a packet of cow blood , gagging , and the next , i was standing guard at my office door . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you , samantha . '' 
 `` of course not , asshole . 
 which is why you appeared suddenly in my office . 
 you have five seconds before i throw you through that wall . '' 
 i was a mixture of rage and confusion . 
 the adrenaline-fueled rage for obvious reasons . 
 the confusion because my inner alarm system had been completely bypassed . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 i kept an ear out towards my kids , listening hard , but all i could hear was anthony 's light snoring . 
 tammy was n't snoring , but i could sense her there in her room , curled up in her bed , one arm tucked under her pillow . 
 `` your extrasensory skills are progressing rapidly , samantha . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , perplexed , angered , wracking my brain for an explanation of how he had appeared so suddenly in my office . 
 i found none . 
 he watched me from the corner of the room , hands folded in front of him , smiling serenely . 
 his blondish hair seemed to lift and fall on currents of air that i sure as hell did n't feel . 
 he cocked his head slightly to one side . 
 `` your image of your sleeping daughter , of course . 
 your psychic hit is completely accurate . '' 
 at any other time i might have rushed the guy . 
 at the least , slamming him up against the wall to get some straight answers . 
 but i held back . 
 for now . 
 `` who the hell are you , goddammit ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` god never damns , samantha . '' 
 `` you 'd better start talking , mister . 
 or ishmael . 
 or whoever the hell you are . '' 
 he smiled again , so warmly that at any other time , he might have won me over . 
 any other time , that is , other than appearing in my office in the dead of night , while seemingly knowing the details of my sleeping daughter . 
 `` who do you think i am , samantha ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a dead man , unless you start talking . '' 
 his hair , which hung just over his ears , lifted and fell again , and i was beginning to wonder if i was dreaming . 
 the light particles that formed brilliantly around him seemed to disappear into him , which was a first to me . 
 `` you have grown stronger over these past seven years ... and more violent , too . 
 the violence is part of your nature now , i suppose , but my hope is that you learn to suppress it . 
 violence has a way of getting out of control , controlling you . '' 
 he stepped slowly out of the shadows of my office , away from the bookcase , and stepped around my old recliner . 
 when i do n't use the office for work , it 's my escape from my kids , where i come to read ... or sometimes just to cry , although no one knows about the crying . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` i am that which you think i am , samantha . '' 
 `` how do you know what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 he smiled , but did not answer . 
 i waited . 
 he waited . 
 my conversation with fang came roaring back . 
 i shook my head in disbelief . 
 ishmael smiled even broader and held out his hands a little . 
 `` you 're my guardian angel ? '' 
 i said , unable to hide the disbelief from my voice . 
 he continuing smiling as he stepped around my recliner . 
 `` you sound incredulous , sam . 
 this coming from someone such as yourself . '' 
 `` such as myself ? 
 and what would that be ? 
 exactly ? '' 
 `` a vampire , samantha moon . 
 at least , that 's what this present generation calls your condition . 
 it has , of course , been called many other things , over many centuries . 
 admittedly , the curse has flared darker and stronger in this generation . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` when enough people speak of something , read of something , believe in something , watch something , ingest something ... this something begins to take on a life of its own . 
 this something is called into existence . '' 
 my head was spinning . 
 `` called into existence from where ? '' 
 `` from the nether-sphere , sam . 
 from out there . 
 from the great soup of all ideas and thoughts and creative expressions . '' 
 he continued toward me and i held up my hand . 
 `` i think you should stop right there . '' 
 he did stop . 
 next to one of my client chairs . 
 `` i will not hurt you , sam . 
 it 's against my very nature to hurt you . 
 in fact , quite the opposite . '' 
 `` opposite ? '' 
 he nodded once , sharply . 
 `` my nature is to protect you . '' 
 `` because you 're my guardian angel . '' 
 `` yes , sam . 
 because i 'm your guardian angel . '' 
 chapter nine `` perhaps we can sit and i can explain , '' he said . 
 `` your children are safe . 
 perhaps more safe than you know . '' 
 i stared at his pleasantly handsome face as he regarded me in turn . 
 his bright green eyes could have been emerald flames , if such things existed . 
 he radiated waves of strength and confidence and ... love . 
 my mind reeled . 
 `` okay , let 's sit , '' i said finally . 
 we did so , he in one of my client chairs , myself behind my desk . 
 ishmael was wearing a light-colored sweater and slacks . 
 both were unremarkable , although both looked good on him . 
 he sat collected and at ease , his hands folded loosely in his lap . 
 he looked at me calmly , staring into my eyes , although sometimes his eyes would shift to take in other aspects of my face . 
 a small part of me wondered what my hair looked like . 
 `` so , '' i said , `` they call you ishmael . '' 
 his eyes , which shone like twin sparks of emerald fire , flashed brightly with mild amusement . 
 `` yes , they do . '' 
 i watched with interest as the bright streaks of light that seemingly only i could see , the bright streaks that illuminated the night world for my eyes , flared brightly the closer they got to him . 
 flared , and then disappeared into him . 
 as if the being seated across from me was the source of the light . 
 or perhaps its destination . 
 `` so , why are you here , ishmael ? '' 
 he sat perfectly still , perfectly composed , perfectly at ease . 
 he nodded once before he spoke . 
 `` i 'm here , in part , to tell you that my service is no longer needed . '' 
 `` and what service is that ? '' 
 `` the protective service . '' 
 my cell phone chimed . 
 i had a text message from someone . 
 at this late hour , it was either from fang or kingsley . 
 i ignored it . 
 truth be known , i kept waiting to either wake up or be told that this was all some big practical joke . 
 in the meantime , i noted that ishmael 's thoughts were closed to me . 
 in my experience , only other immortals were closed to me , as i was to them . 
 and yet , he seemed to have read my mind . 
 i tried an experiment and thought : you 're in the protective services because you 're a guardian angel ? 
 his bright green eyes , which had been regarding me serenely from across the desk , widened a little . 
 `` yes , sam . 
 but we do n't call ourselves guardian angels . '' 
 you can read my thoughts . 
 he smiled . 
 `` of course . '' 
 to date , only fang had access to my thoughts , and even then his access seemed limited by my willingness to let him in . 
 kingsley , a fellow freak , did not have access , nor did i have access to his . 
 same with the few other immortals i had encountered , who were all closed off to me . 
 `` so , there are others like you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and what do you call yourselves ? '' 
 `` we are watchers . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and what do you watch ? '' 
 `` i watch you , sam . '' 
 `` just watch ? '' 
 `` watch and protect and guide . '' 
 `` then you 've done a shitty job of it , '' i said suddenly , thinking of my attack seven years ago . 
 ishmael kept his eyes on me . 
 after a moment , he said , `` i was with you , sam . 
 always with you . '' 
 `` even while that animal attacked me ? '' 
 i could n't help the anger in my voice . 
 ishmael said nothing at first , although he slowly raised a hand to his face and rubbed his jaw . 
 he continued to stare at me . 
 even his minor movements were fluid and hypnotic . 
 `` perhaps you wonder why you were not killed that night , sam . '' 
 `` actually , i do . '' 
 `` perhaps you should know that your attacker ended many lives , samantha . 
 he would have ended yours , too . 
 in fact , he was just seconds from doing so . '' 
 the so-called watcher lapsed into silence and continued rubbing his jaw . 
 the physical movement seemed to intrigue him , and now he slowly ran his hand over his own soft lips , feeling them , using his fingertips as a painter would a sable-tipped brush . 
 i had the impression ishmael rarely manifested in the physical . 
 i was about to speak , but suddenly found speaking difficult . 
 i was back to that moment in the park , experiencing again the ungodly strength of the thing that had attacked me , the blast of pain of being hurled against a tree ... the fear of being pounced on by something so much stronger than me . 
 yes , i should have been dead many times over . 
 so , instead of speaking , i thought : you saved me . 
 ishmael briefly paused in his exploration of his face . 
 `` it was n't your time . '' 
 `` then why let me get attacked at all ? 
 why let me get turned into ... this thing ? '' 
 `` fair questions , sam , but we are not quite the guardian angels as you think of us . 
 not the static lighted angel on top of your christmas tree , assembled by small children in an asian country . 
 not the michelangelo-ish ones painted on ceilings of cathedrals or glorified in christmas carols and hymns galore . 
 not the ones in old movies on tv , getting our wings every time someone rings a bell . 
 not those angels . 
 not . '' 
 `` then what the hell are you ? '' 
 `` think of us as custodians of destiny . '' 
 i blinked , processing that . 
 `` you help fulfill destinies ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i helped you fulfill your destiny , sam . '' 
 `` and my destiny was to become a vampire ? '' 
 `` your destiny was to become immortal . 
 vampirism was one way to achieve that . '' 
 `` so , i chose this life ? '' 
 `` you did . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 'm not at liberty to say . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` you are not ready for the answer . '' 
 i fought through my frustration . 
 `` will i ever find the answer ? '' 
 `` yes , someday . '' 
 i drummed my fingers along my desk , my thick nails clicking loudly . 
 they sounded fiendish , like the claws of something dark and slimy moving quickly over the floor . 
 i said , `` so , in effect , the moment i turned into a vampire , the moment i became immortal myself , you were out of a job . '' 
 `` that 's correct , sam . '' 
 `` so , what have you been doing these past seven years ? '' 
 `` watching you , sam . 
 always watching you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he looked away , and as he did so , he looked very , very human . 
 and even a little uncomfortable . 
 he kept looking away as he spoke . 
 `` because i 'm in love with you , samantha moon . '' 
 chapter ten you there , fang ? 
 i 'm always here for you , moon dance . 
 oh , cut the crap . 
 half the time , you 've got a woman over there . 
 not as frequently as you think , moon dance . 
 and not since we 've met . 
 but that was over six months ago . 
 it was . 
 but why ? 
 it seems the right thing to do . 
 besides , i 've lost interest in dating in general . 
 since you met me ? 
 that might have something to do with it , moon dance . 
 but do n't flatter yourself . 
 perhaps it was time for me to slow down , to take stock of who i am and what i want in life . 
 you want to be a vampire . 
 there was a short pause before he wrote : among other things . 
 i did not have to dip very far into fang 's mind to know he was referring to me . 
 truth be known , i did n't much enjoy dipping into fang 's mind . 
 his mind was not healthy , although he was doing an admirable job of dealing with his many issues . 
 i found it ironic that the one mind i was most linked to was a deeply troubled one . 
 i felt him probing my mind in return and let him do it , giving him access of the events of the night before . 
 a moment later , his words appeared in the im chat box . 
 you have got to be kidding , moon dance . 
 i 'm not . 
 now i have to compete with a freakin ' angel , too ? 
 despite myself , i laughed . 
 i wrote : you 're not competing with anyone , fang . 
 i 'm with kingsley . 
 happily with kingsley . 
 is that what you told captain ahab ? 
 ishmael , i wrote . 
 and yes . 
 after i spent about three minutes getting over my shock ... and another two minutes convincing myself i was n't dreaming , i told him i was happily with kingsley . 
 and how did he take it ? 
 he laughed and said he was infinitely patient , that we had all eternity . 
 since when do angels cavort with vampires ? 
 he calls himself a watcher . 
 either way . 
 i do n't like it , moon dance . 
 i did n't think you would . 
 i need to look into this . 
 i figured you would . 
 was he handsome ? 
 i thought about it , still reeling from the encounter , still wondering if this was all some elaborate practical joke , and , as always , still wondering if i was still back at the hospital , lying comatose after my attack seven years ago . 
 for now , though , i recalled ishmael 's emerald eyes and quiet strength ... and the love that emanated from him seemingly unconditionally . 
 i thought about it some more , then wrote : he was radiant . 
 ah , shit . 
 chapter eleven i was back at charlie 's single-wide mobile home . 
 or , rather , standing just outside it . 
 it was evening and the mobile home park was mostly quiet . 
 i could smell fish frying and meats baking . 
 tv sets glowed in many of the mobile homes . 
 outside the window in question , where the blinds were a little too narrow and the curtains were a little too thin , i paused and took in the scene . 
 the area between charlie 's home and the home next to his was covered in white gravel and seemed to serve as a small parking lot . 
 there was also a path that led between the two homes . 
 the path seemed to connect one side of the park to the other . 
 the path led just outside the window in question . 
 amazingly , there were no flood lights here , and the whole space was blanketed in darkness . 
 it would have been easy enough for someone to pause outside the window and watch charlie with his safe . 
 a narrow road curved through the mobile home park , which cars occasionally sped along , heedless of children , pets , santa 's reindeer or vampires . 
 the question was : who had been watching charlie ? 
 still standing next to charlie 's mobile home , listening to a cacophony of `` it 's a holly , jolly christmas , '' tv news anchormen , video game explosions and the clanking of dishes , i closed my eyes and expanded my consciousness out through the park . 
 a trick i had learned a few months ago . 
 in my mind 's eye , i saw glimpses of men in christmas tree print boxers , women in tubs of vanilla bubbles , most of them shaving their legs , and even an older couple getting frisky under the covers . 
 i saw teens playing xbox and even grown men playing xbox . 
 i saw men and women talking excitedly , passionately , agitatedly . 
 i saw children crying and playing , but mostly crying and being warned that santa was still making his list of naughty and nice children . 
 i saw sumptuous dinners being eaten in front of tvs tuned into donna reed and jimmy stewart but rarely at dinner tables . 
 gather round the tv , all ye faithful . 
 i also saw four young men sitting together in the living room of one of the nearby double wide mobile homes . 
 the young men were sitting around bags of weed and the occasional bag of crack cocaine . 
 i saw guns in waistbands and a lot of bad attitudes . 
 there was no sign of christmas in their house , nor hanukkah , nor kwanzaa . 
 a dead giveaway , for sure . 
 no holiday cheer or spirit at all . 
 of any sort . 
 my consciousness snapped back , leaving me briefly discombobulated . 
 what i had n't seen was the stolen safe , but i figured the drug dealers ' home was as good a place to start as any . 
 chapter twelve i knocked on the drug dealers ' front door . 
 i listened with a small grin to the frantic sounds of weed and crack being hidden in everything from toilets to cookie jars , to no doubt deep inside boxers and briefs . 
 i heard a chair fall over . 
 i heard someone curse under his breath . 
 i heard the sounds of shushing and the running of footsteps . 
 i was tempted to yell , `` police '' and really listen to the fireworks within . 
 i might even hear a window crash as one of them makes a run for it . 
 instead , i waited , rocking gently back and forth , hands behind my back , just a five foot , three-inch mother of two confronting your neighborhood drug dealers . 
 my alarm system was jangling , but i mostly ignored it . 
 i knew , after all , what i was walking into . 
 finally , i heard footsteps cautiously approach the door . 
 an acne-covered caucasian face peered at me through the door 's dirty curtain . 
 the face frowned , and then looked almost comically left and right before he partially opened the door . 
 `` excuse me , '' i said . 
 `` but my car broke down and i was wondering if i could borrow your phone ? '' 
 `` my phone ? 
 yo , fuck off , bitch . 
 this ai n't no triple fucking a. '' and he promptly slammed the door in my face . 
 or tried to . 
 i stuck out my hand , and the door rebounded off it so hard that it slammed back into the drug dealer 's face . 
 i followed the swinging door in , pushing harder . 
 the young punk reached for his nose and for something under his shirt . 
 and since i did n't feel like getting shot tonight , i caught his hand in mid-reach , twisted until he dropped to both knees , and grabbed what he 'd been reaching for under his shirt . 
 i came away with a smith and wesson revolver . 
 i swung the gun around and pointed it at the others , who were all reaching inside their own pants . 
 apparently , this was the official greeting of drug dealers everywhere . 
 `` hello , boys , '' i said . 
 `` hands where i can see them . '' 
 `` fuck this shit , '' said a tall black kid who could n't have been more than eighteen . 
 he pulled up his shirt , revealing the gleaming walnut handle of an expensive revolver , and before his hand got very far beyond that , i fired the weapon . 
 a bullet hole appeared in the kitchen linoleum next to his foot , perhaps just inches away . 
 he jumped maybe three feet , screaming like a girl . 
 `` holy sweet jesus ! 
 the bitch is crazy ! '' 
 i held the gun steady on the trio who were standing around the kitchen table . 
 all three were in their late teens or early twenties . 
 hardly drug lords . 
 i said , `` next one who calls me a bitch gets a bullet in their big toe . 
 got it ? '' 
 no one moved or said anything . 
 the guy next to me whimpered a little , and i realized i was still twisting his arm . 
 i let him go and threw him a little at the same time . 
 he skidded across the kitchen floor . 
 okay , i might have thrown him a lot . 
 i next had them drop their guns and kick them over to me . 
 once done , i gathered the weapons and emptied them of their bullets . 
 i dropped the bullets in one of my jacket pockets . 
 next , i had the four hoodlums sit around the kitchen table like good little boys . 
 or bad boys . 
 they did n't like a woman telling them what to do . 
 myself , i was getting a kick out of it . 
 when they were all seated and staring at me sullenly , i hopped up on a stool and held the gun casually in front of me . 
 i could n't help but notice my feet not only did n't reach the floor , they did n't even reach the first rung of the stool . 
 still , i swung them happily and looked at my four new friends . 
 `` well , '' i said , `` here we all are . '' 
 the oldest of the four , a hispanic guy with a tattoo on his neck , leaned forward on his elbows . 
 `` fuck you , bi - '' but he stopped himself . 
 `` nice catch , '' i said . 
 `` you just saved yourself a big toe . 
 merry christmas from me . '' 
 it was all the guy could do to stay seated . 
 i sensed he wanted to rush me . 
 in fact , i was sure of it . 
 every now and then , he caught the eye of the black guy across from him . 
 something passed between them . 
 i did n't care what passed between them . 
 for now , though , he needed more information , like who the hell i was , and so he stayed seated . 
 for now . 
 `` you ai n't no cop , '' he said . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` you with the feds ? '' 
 `` used to be . '' 
 `` then what the hell are you ? '' 
 `` that 's the million-dollar question . '' 
 they all looked at each other . 
 two of them shrugged . 
 from the living room , i heard the jeopardy theme song . 
 i was willing to bet that drug dealers the world over had jeopardy playing in the background . 
 nothing so innocent as four hoodlums watching jeopardy together . 
 the caucasian kid who had greeted me at the door had yet to look me in the eye . 
 he stared down at the table . 
 his wrist was raw and red where i had subdued him . 
 he knew the potential of my strength , and kept his eyes off me and his mouth shut . 
 the fourth guy was another black youth , maybe twenty . 
 he had yet to speak , although he found all of this highly amusing . 
 i sensed he was high as a kite . 
 if i was high as a kite , i would find all this amusing , too . 
 i focused on the hispanic leader and the talkative black guy . 
 i said , `` somebody stole something that belonged to me , and i want it back . '' 
 technically , that was true , since half of whatever was in the safe was now mine . 
 `` we lovers , '' said the talkative black guy . 
 `` not thieves . '' 
 the high-as-a-kite black guy laughed . 
 the hispanic guy frowned . 
 the sullen white guy kept being sullen . 
 `` cut the shit , '' i said . 
 `` i know there 's drugs here . '' 
 i pointed to a pillsbury doughboy cookie jar with a crack running up along its doughy body . 
 `` i know there 're drugs in that cookie jar over there . 
 i know there 're drugs in the toilet bowl , and i know there 're drugs down all your pants . '' 
 the high-as-a-kite black guy giggled nearly uncontrollably . 
 the hispanic leader sat forward . 
 the energy around him crackled and spat . 
 he said , `` what the fuck do you want , lady ? '' 
 `` i want the safe , '' i said . 
 `` what safe ? '' 
 as i said those words , i watched the others in the room . 
 the talkative black guy blinked . 
 the high black guy continued grinning from ear to ear . 
 the sullen white guy sank a little deeper in his chair . 
 just a little . 
 perhaps only a fraction . 
 not to mention his darkish aura grew darker still . 
 i had my man . 
 it was at that moment that i saw the old man in the far corner of the living room . 
 correction , two old men , as another just materialized . 
 and they were n't exactly men . 
 they were ghosts . 
 chapter thirteen i jumped off the stool . 
 as i did so , the hispanic guy made a move to stand . 
 he did n't move very far . 
 a casual backhand across his face sent him spinning sideways to the floor . 
 the others stayed seated , which was n't a bad idea . 
 i told them not to move and they mostly did n't , although the high-as-a-kite guy continued to fight through a case of the giggles . 
 i moved past them , slipping the gun inside my waistband . 
 the backhand smack to their leader would keep the trio quiet for a few minutes . 
 people do n't realize that spirits tend to be just about everywhere . 
 i see them appearing and disappearing almost continuously , sometimes randomly . 
 i 'll see them briefly materialize by someone 's side , squeeze their hand or hug them , and then flit off again . 
 usually the object of such affection is left shivering pleasantly . 
 no doubt , the unseen encounter suddenly brought an unexpected memory to the recipient . 
 and some spirits , like the old lady and her piano , attach themselves to objects , seemingly for decades , although i always suspected that only an aspect of their spirit attached . 
 the majority of their spirit was elsewhere , wherever spirits might go . 
 then again , i could be wrong . 
 as i approached the two old men , they turned toward me . 
 their attention , i saw , had been centered around something in the far corner of the room , something hidden under a blanket . 
 the spirits themselves were formed of bright filaments of light that coalesced to form shapes . 
 in this case , the shapes of two older men . 
 they did n't speak and their shapes were only vaguely held together , which suggested to me that these were older spirits . 
 older , as in having died long ago . 
 charlie had said that his father had died nearly two decades ago ... and no doubt his grandfather had died many years before that . 
 his grandfather and father were certainly two spirits who would have been powerfully connected to an object . 
 the safe . 
 the corner of this room smelled of smoke , or of something burned , and as i got closer , i saw tools scattered around the living room that did n't belong there . 
 hammers . 
 mallets . 
 crowbars . 
 even a blowtorch . 
 the corner of the couch was blackened , too , but that 's what happens when you use a blowtorch indoors . 
 i had the attention of both spirits , who watched me closely , silently , as i reached down and pulled back the corner of a stained quilt , revealing a very old-looking and heavy safe , the lock of which had been blackened by the blowtorch . 
 but the safe was still locked ... and that 's all that mattered . 
 chapter fourteen as tomorrow was christmas eve , i thought it a fitting gift when i delivered the safe to charlie 's door . 
 orange county does n't get snow . 
 hell , we rarely get rain , but as i approached the door , carrying the safe under one arm , a stiff , cool breeze appeared , and that was good enough . 
 any weather was good enough at this time of the year . 
 i knocked on his door to the rhythm of `` jingle bells , jingle bells , jingle all the way '' and fat little rocko jumped from the couch , barking his brains out , until he got a look at me , then he hit the brakes , and scuttled off with his tail between his legs . 
 thank god kingsley did n't have the same reaction . 
 i set the safe down on the wooden deck , noting how the wood sagged mightily under the weight of the safe . 
 charlie 's round face soon appeared and he gave me a big smile . 
 charlie , i saw , needed some serious dental work . 
 except he did n't seem to care that he needed dental work , or that his teeth looked like crooked tombstones . 
 charlie was just happy to be charlie . 
 he was about to slide open his door when he glanced down , and his crooked smile seemed to freeze in place . 
 he blinked . 
 hard . 
 then threw open the door . 
 i should n't have been surprised when he gave me the mother of all hugs , but i was . 
 * * * we were in his living room . 
 i had told him that a friend of mine had helped me lug the heavy safe onto his deck , and i made a show of pretending to struggle with the safe as we moved it from the deck to the center of his living room . 
 amid leaning towers of laser jet printer cartridges , 40 's science fiction magazines , and enough clipboards to last two lifetimes , we set the heavy safe down . 
 earlier in the night , after my discovery of the safe , i gave the boys ten minutes to clear out before i called the police . 
 most were gone in five . 
 i kept their weapons and ammunition , which i would hand over to detective sherbet of the fullerton police department . 
 for now , though , it was just me , charlie and the safe . 
 and inside , something , neither of us knew what . 
 the safe was clearly old . 
 so old that it looked like it belonged on the back of a wells fargo stage coach . 
 part of the safe 's dial still gleamed brightly , although most of it was covered in blackened soot from the blowtorch . 
 the handle was badly dented , no doubt thanks to the various hammers i had seen lying around . 
 still , the safe had held fast , and that 's all that mattered . 
 charlie stared down at it . 
 so did i. my compensation was in that safe , whatever it might be . 
 could be gold . 
 could be old war bonds . 
 could be jewelry , gemstones or pirate booty , for all i knew . 
 i had been tempted to see if my own psychic gifts could penetrate the heavy steel safe , but i had resisted . 
 `` i guess this is it , then , '' said charlie . 
 he did n't sound very enthusiastic . 
 `` do you know the combination ? '' 
 he pointed to the upper corner of the safe , where , upon closer inspection , i saw a number etched , 14 . 
 two other numbers were etched into other corners , 29 and 63 . 
 i said them out loud and he nodded . 
 `` do n't think of them as three numbers , think of them as six numbers . 
 one , four , two , nine , six and three . 
 with that in mind , what are the two lowest numbers ? '' 
 i glanced at them again . 
 `` one and two . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` good . 
 and the next lowest ? '' 
 `` three and four . '' 
 `` good , good . 
 and the two highest ? '' 
 `` six and nine . '' 
 `` you got it , '' he said , giving me a half smile . 
 `` twelve , thirty-four and sixty-nine ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you 're the first person i 've ever given the key to . 
 not even to my own son . '' 
 `` how old 's your son ? '' 
 `` twenty-one . 
 but it 's too soon to give him the key . 
 my father gave it to me on his deathbed . '' 
 `` i feel honored , '' i said , and meant it . 
 we stared at it some more . 
 he made no move to open it , and i certainly was n't about to . 
 somewhere down the hall , one of his piles of junk shifted , groaning , as boulders do in the deserts . 
 the piano , i saw , was gone . 
 the light particles behind charlie began coagulating and taking on shape , and shortly , two very faint old men appeared behind him . 
 i noticed the hair on charlie 's arm immediately stood on end , as his body registered the spiritual presence of his father and grandfather , even if his mind had n't . 
 charlie absently rubbed his arms . 
 `` well , let 's get on with it , '' he said , and reached down for the safe . 
 as he did so , i said , `` you really do n't want to open the safe , do you , charlie ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 really , i do . 
 a deal 's a deal , and i want to pay you . 
 your half . '' 
 `` but would n't you rather pass it along to your own boy ? '' 
 `` without you , ms. moon , i would have nothing to pass on to my kid . 
 besides , it 's really a silly tradition . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 it 's about family . '' 
 `` we 've been keeping this thing going for years and it 's impractical at best , like a joke from beyond the grave . '' 
 `` i think it 's an amazing tradition , '' i said . 
 he did n't say it , but his body language suggested he thought so , too . 
 he said , `` well , it is kind of fun not knowing what 's in this thing . 
 i mean , it could be anything , right ? 
 but i suppose it 's time to find out once and for all ? '' 
 he made a move for the safe again , but he did n't get very far , mostly because i grabbed his wrist . 
 he shivered at my cold touch . 
 i said , `` this is n't right . '' 
 `` a deal 's a deal , ms. moon . 
 besides , i have no other way of repaying you . '' 
 i thought about that , then looked around . 
 `` not true . 
 you have enough junk to stock a dozen houses . 
 there 's got to be something in here that i want . '' 
 `` what are you saying , ms. moon ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying , let me pick something out of your junk , and the safe is yours . 
 keep it in your family . 
 pass it along to your son . '' 
 he processed that information , and i saw the relief ripple through him and his shining aura . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` as sure as i 've ever been . '' 
 `` but are n't you a little bit curious what 's in the safe ? '' 
 `` more than you know , '' and as i said those words , i briefly closed my eyes , and expanded my consciousness throughout the room , and as i did so , two things made me gasp . 
 the first was the contents of the safe , which i saw clearly . 
 the second was what i saw resting inside a wooden box deep under a pile of newspapers . 
 charlie was watching me curiously . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` er , yes , '' i said , then patted him on the shoulder . 
 `` i would suggest you find a much better place for your safe . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` a very safe place . '' 
 `` you think the contents are valuable ? '' 
 i thought of the two old spirits , charlie 's father and grandfather . 
 i thought of charlie 's own son and the unique bond that kept the generations connected . 
 the safe . 
 i also saw in my mind 's eye the tightly rolled vellum document that might just be the rarest of all american documents , a document signed by our founding fathers , centuries ago . 
 a document thought to be lost ... until now . 
 then again , i could be wrong . 
 next , i moved through the piles of junk and headed to the far corner of the room . 
 there , i began moving aside old newspapers and magazines , until i finally uncovered an ornately carved box . 
 i picked it up carefully , my hands trembling . 
 slowly , i opened the lid ... unbelievable . 
 inside was another golden medallion . 
 this time , the three roses were cut from brilliant amethysts . 
 charlie was looking over my shoulder . 
 `` oh , that . 
 i got it at an estate sale a while back . 
 in fullerton . 
 get this , some old guy was murdered by some nut with a crossbow . 
 anyway , it 's gold , i think . 
 probably worth a lot . 
 i 've been keeping it for a rainy day . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` truth be known , it kind of gives me the creeps . 
 you can have it if you want . '' 
 i closed the lid and held out my hand . 
 `` merry christmas . '' 
 but charlie had other designs on me . 
 he wrapped me in a huge , smothering hug . 
 `` merry christmas , ms. moon ! '' 
 chapter fifteen with the box sitting safely on the seat next to me , i had just pulled out of charlie 's mobile home park when my cell rang . 
 it was fang . 
 `` merry christmas , '' i said . 
 `` that sounds odd coming from a vampire , '' said fang . 
 `` why , because i 'm a creature of the night ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` i 'll remind you that santa does his best work at night . '' 
 `` santa is n't real . '' 
 `` i thought the same about vampires , '' i said . 
 `` and someone recently told me that if people believe in something hard enough and long enough , it becomes true . '' 
 fang laughed . 
 `` enough about santa claus . 
 i 've got news . 
 your watcher friend is likely a fallen angel . '' 
 `` he 's no demon , fang . '' 
 `` have you ever met a demon , moon dance ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said , recalling meeting kingsley in my hotel room when he had fully transformed into a werewolf . 
 the thing living inside him was as close to a demon as i 've ever met . 
 `` i just know he 's not evil . '' 
 `` at least not yet . '' 
 `` what , exactly , is a fallen angel ? '' 
 `` a spiritual being that no longer commits itself to helping others evolve . 
 in fact , quite the opposite . '' 
 `` a being who helps others devolve ? '' 
 `` close . 
 a being who spreads fear . 
 living in fear , any kind of fear , separates the individual from the creator . '' 
 my head began to throb . 
 headaches , for me , rarely lasted more than a few minutes . 
 i chewed my lip and drove and did n't like any of this . 
 i said , `` and so , what , one day he decides to turn bad ? '' 
 `` it probably was n't just one day , moon dance . 
 it had probably been a long time coming . '' 
 `` he said he 's no longer bound to me ... '' `` if he was your guardian angel , that makes sense . 
 why should one immortal protect another ? '' 
 `` now that he 's not bound to me ... '' `` right , '' said fang , picking up on my thoughts . 
 `` now that he 's not bound to you , he 's free to approach me . 
 a sort of metaphysical loophole . '' 
 fang paused . 
 `` i had a thought , moon dance , and a not very pleasant one . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` what if he allowed you to be attacked ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` what if he not only allowed you to be attacked , but he had planned the whole night ? '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 but even as i asked the question , i knew the answer . 
 fang voiced it for me . 
 `` to turn you , moon dance . 
 to turn you into that which he could finally approach . 
 or that which he could finally love . '' 
 i shuddered as i drove on into the night , wending my way now through the streets of yorba linda . 
 `` but he said my destiny was to become immortal . 
 to become a vampire . '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 or perhaps he was n't telling you the truth . '' 
 `` but is n't he , you know , obligated to protect me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , moon dance . 
 we 're talking about the spirit world , something i 'm not privy to . 
 but i am familiar with the concept of spirit guides and guardian angels . 
 from my understanding , yes , such beings are generally there to guide and protect and nurture . 
 unless ... '' `` unless what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` unless they decide not to . '' 
 `` a fallen angel , '' i said . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 chapter sixteen christmas day , late . 
 they were all here . 
 mary lou , her husband and three kids . 
 her three kids were about tammy 's and anthony 's ages , and they mostly all got along . 
 except when playing video games . 
 then , all bets were off . 
 kingsley was here , too , and he looked absolutely sumptuous in his thick sweater and scarf , which hung loosely over a chest that should be illegal in most states . 
 kingsley was n't a slender man . 
 he was thick and hulking and as yummy as they get . 
 detective sherbet and his lovely hungarian wife swung by to say hello . 
 he also pulled me aside and caught me up on another killing . 
 turns out the city of fullerton had a bona fide serial killer . 
 this would be the fifth body in as many months . 
 he wanted me to come by the department tomorrow and compare notes , since i was an official consultant on the case . 
 sherbet was one of the few people who knew my super-secret identity . 
 he and his wife stayed just long enough to drink some hot cider and eat some christmas brownies , before moving on to another party . 
 danny even stopped by to drop off the kids ' presents . 
 as he stood at the front door , peering over me into a home we had once shared together , no doubt taking in the dollar store decorations , the aromas , the laughter and even the corny christmas music , he looked positively miserable and envious . 
 i had it on good word that his relationship with his secretary was over . 
 i also had it on good word that she was suing him for sexual harassment . 
 nice . 
 but do n't feel too bad for the guy . 
 apparently , he was now dating one of his strippers . 
 yes , my ex-husband , besides being an ambulance chaser , was also part-owner of a strip club in colton . 
 right . 
 i could n't be more proud . 
 as we stood awkwardly at the door , i sensed kingsley watching us from within the living room , his hulking form backlit by the christmas tree . 
 danny , it seemed , was waiting for an invitation to come in . 
 this coming from a guy who was actively trying to ruin me . 
 i thanked him for the presents , wished him a merry christmas and , against my better judgment , gave him a half-hearted offer to come in , which he pounced on . 
 he pushed past me and immediately went over to kitchen table where he began piling snacks on a paper plate . 
 watching him , i reminded myself that it was christmas , a day when even porn kings and slimeballs were given a one-day pardon . 
 when it came time for dinner , i thought of fang alone in his little apartment . 
 i had invited him , too , but was secretly relieved when he declined . 
 he and kingsley in the same room would have made everyone uncomfortable . 
 yes , kingsley knew all about fang . 
 i believe in honesty and openness in a relationship . 
 to a degree . 
 kingsley did n't need to know about fang 's criminal past . 
 i kept myself busy serving dinner , so busy that everyone forgot that i had n't actually eaten . 
 i would eat later tonight , with kingsley . 
 a rather nontraditional holiday meal , you could say . 
 with dinner over and dessert being served , i thought it best to step outside and get some fresh air . 
 i excused myself , patting kingsley 's meaty thigh . 
 he was deep in a conversation with , of all people , my ex-husband . 
 two attorneys talking shop . 
 blech . 
 my house is small , but i have a big yard . 
 i followed a curving , cement path that led from my front door to my garage , a path i had sprinted across many times during the heat of the day , each time gasping for breath and sometimes literally thinking i could n't take another step . 
 but i did it each and every day to pick up my kids from school . 
 a small price to pay . 
 the sun had long ago set . 
 i felt strong and clear-headed . 
 cars were parked seemingly randomly outside my house . 
 i lived in a narrow cul-de-sac , and parking here was always a challenge . 
 especially for kingsley , who was a surprisingly bad parker . 
 even now , his black escalade barely touching the curb , with most of the rear end blocking my driveway . 
 pathetic . 
 i expected more from an immortal with decades of driving experience . 
 i slipped my hands into my coat pocket and looked up into the evening sky . 
 this would have been a good night for flying . 
 clear , cool skies , with christmas tree lights sparkling far below . 
 in fact , maybe i would try to get up tonight . 
 maybe fly out to see kingsley later . 
 maybe . 
 as i stepped out from behind the comically-parked cadillac , i saw him standing there in the middle of the street , watching me . 
 ishmael . 
 chapter seventeen once again , i gasped . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you , samantha . '' 
 `` you have a way of doing that . '' 
 `` sometimes , i forget how easily humans startle . 
 humans ... and vampires . '' 
 `` i 'm not human ? '' 
 `` you have n't been human for many years , sam . '' 
 `` i feel human . '' 
 `` do you feel human when you 're soaring above the earth ? '' 
 he stepped closer to me , hands clasped behind his back . 
 to my eyes he seemed a little taller than i remembered . 
 he nodded . 
 `` i am taller , sam . 
 i am whatever i choose to be . '' 
 glowing particles of light swarmed around him ... and disappeared into him . 
 he was a being unlike anything i had ever seen . 
 and to be clear , i 've seen some weird shit . 
 but as he drew closer , walking casually with his hands behind his back , his movements so fluid and smooth that he appeared to be walking on air , i saw something else . 
 intermixed within the light particles were darker particles . 
 the darker particles were new to me ... and alarming . 
 never had i seen anything so black . 
 worse , the dark particles seemed to contaminate the light , spreading like a disease . 
 `` a disease ? '' 
 he said , nodding thoughtfully . 
 `` an interesting choice of words , since you yourself often call the darkness living within you a disease . '' 
 `` there is no darkness in me . '' 
 ishmael threw back his head and laughed , and it was the first time he had expressed real emotion . 
 his first seeming loss of control . 
 everything prior to that , every move , every word , had seemed almost rehearsed . 
 `` what do you think keeps you alive , samantha moon ? 
 what do you think you feed each and every time you consume blood ? 
 you 're feeding the thing that lives within you . '' 
 `` i am still me . '' 
 `` or so you think . '' 
 `` i want you to leave . '' 
 he continued to approach me , continued his slow glide over the street tarmac . 
 `` you know so little , my dear . 
 but i can show you so much . 
 i can reveal it all to you . 
 i can help you fight that which lives within you , that which is slowly consuming you . '' 
 now he stood before me and , son of a bitch , he was even taller than just a few seconds before . 
 by at least another six inches . 
 surely , he was taller now than even kingsley . 
 i must be dreaming , i thought . 
 `` you 're not dreaming , sam . '' 
 `` get the hell out of my head . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he reached out and touched me , running his fingers under my chin , lifting my face up to his . 
 i shivered . 
 his touch was hot . 
 almost superheated . 
 `` i do n't want to get out of your head . 
 your thoughts are the only place i have sanctuary . '' 
 `` i know what you are , and i 'm telling you to leave me alone . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what am i , sam ? '' 
 `` a demon . '' 
 i could see the heartbreak in his eyes . 
 he thought he could see me , but for the first time i was seeing him . 
 he was lost , just as i felt lost sometimes . 
 he had needs and desires , just as i did , and on this night , in the middle of this street , his eyes told me everything i needed to know . 
 he was in love with me . 
 could demons love ? 
 i did n't know , but i doubted it . 
 `` demon is such an ugly word , sam . '' 
 `` then what are you ? '' 
 `` i said it was ugly , i did n't say it was inaccurate . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 the blackness swirled around him like black worms , weaving in and out of the light . 
 `` you look different . '' 
 `` i am different . 
 i gave up much to be with you , sam . '' 
 `` and you took much from me . '' 
 `` i gave you immortality . '' 
 `` you stole my humanity . 
 you abused your power in the name of love . 
 or what you think of as love . 
 you have put a curse on me that will never be fully released . 
 you put me in danger and my own children in danger . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` your own immortality saved your boy from an agonizing death . '' 
 `` if i had known that my immortality would be the only thing that would save my child , yes , i would have begged you to allow me to be attacked . 
 to allow me to become what i am . 
 but you ca n't claim responsibility for a twist of fate . '' 
 then again , maybe he could . 
 i was in uncharted territory here . 
 how much of the future did ishmael know ? 
 had he known that my son would acquire a terminal disease ? 
 i did n't know . 
 truth was , i did n't know what watchers were capable of and not capable of . 
 but i knew something about free will , and i suspected ishmael was pulling my strings like a puppet master . 
 he was a person , a being , who had abused his influence . 
 `` no , '' he said , reading my thoughts . 
 `` a person in love . '' 
 `` you turned me into a monster , '' i said . 
 `` not a monster , sam . 
 an immortal . 
 and the darkness that lives within you can be controlled . 
 i can show you how . 
 i can show you so many things . '' 
 `` you could show me how ? 
 you could show me many things ? 
 your love is conditional . 
 your love is not real . 
 whatever illusion you have about you and me ends tonight . 
 you were given an amazing gift by the almighty and you squandered it over illusions of love . 
 you might have been able to read my thoughts , but you lacked something . 
 subtext . 
 hearing my thoughts is n't the same as experiencing my heart . 
 because if you ever had , you would have never done what you did to me on that night seven years ago . '' 
 `` you have it all wrong , sam . 
 it was your destiny to become that which you are . 
 i only helped ... facilitate the process . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` believe what you will . 
 but we are destined to be together , samantha moon . 
 and when you are done playing with your dog , kingsley , i will return for you . '' 
 and what happened next challenged my sanity . 
 the solid man who had been standing before me , faded from view , and the particles of light that had been swarming around him winked out of existence , too . 
 i was left standing alone in the street . 
 chapter eighteen i was flying over orange county . 
 the wind was cold , but my thick hide kept me comfortable . 
 i was above a smattering of clouds , and far below , christmas lights twinkled endlessly . 
 from up here , it was very obvious that californians were very much into the christmas spirit . 
 i angled a little higher , caught a powerful jetstream , and was hurled along at a glorious rate . 
 my thick , leathery wings were stretched taut , and a part of me wanted to just keep on flying , endlessly , to continuously trail behind the setting sun , to live in perpetual darkness forever . 
 a guardian angel had professed his love for me . 
 i suspected it was a misguided love . 
 i suspected he was already well on his way to the dark side , that he had only used me to help facilitate the process . 
 whatever that process was . 
 and yet ... and yet , i felt his love for me . 
 it had been real . 
 i had seen it in his eyes , and heard it in his voice . 
 you ca n't fake love . 
 or can you ? 
 yet , he could have gone about it a thousand different ways , a thousand better ways . 
 any of which would have gotten a better response from me . 
 we are destined to be together , he had said . 
 the san gabriel mountains appeared in the north , and i followed the contour of the ridge-line , rising and falling with the peaks and valleys , just a few feet above the pines and snow-covered cornices . 
 yes , even southern california gets snow , four thousand feet up . 
 i suspected that ishmael had to break his connection to me , whatever that connection was . 
 i suspected that , as my watcher , he was bound to me as my guardian . 
 but once i became immortal , all bets were off . 
 i angled up , followed a mountainous ridge , and when the ridge dropped away , i kept angling up , flapping my wings harder and harder . 
 up i went , surging through vaporous clouds , blinded , until finally i broke through . 
 above me was the half moon , shining brilliantly . 
 i flew toward it , higher and higher , until ice crystals formed on my wings , until all oxygen disappeared in the air . 
 and there i hovered , briefly , at the far edges of our atmosphere , pondering destiny , until finally i tucked in my own wings and dove down , speeding through the night , faster than i had ever flown before ... after all , christmas was over and i had a killer to find . 
 the end 
