 chapter 1 he came to her in the dark as he always did . 
 she could n't see his face , but he was tall and dark , his shadowy presence casting off no illumination . 
 she waited for him impatiently , her body burning for his possession and her mind consumed by need . 
 he slipped into her bed completely nude . 
 her hands ran over his massive , muscular chest , needing to feel his body and know that he was really here in her bed . 
 she gasped as his strong arms pulled her into his body , leaving no space between them . 
 it was exactly what she wanted . 
 her body was bare and they touched , skin to skin , nothing between them . 
 he took her mouth as though he owned it . 
 she welcomed him like a flower seeking the sunlight . 
 his masterful touch set her body and soul aflame , his seeking hands over her naked body eliciting a small moan that was muffled by his mouth . 
 her hands roamed , running over his broad , sinewy shoulders and back as she continued to lose herself in his embrace . 
 his powerful , muscular leg parted her thighs and she could feel her dewey , wet core slam hard against his sturdy limb . 
 grinding her pu ** y against the steely surface , she hungered for release . 
 she did n't know if the need was hers , his or a combination of the two ... but it did n't matter . 
 they were both caught in a web of desire that they could n't escape . 
 she started rotating her hips against his leg , breaking away from his mouth with a whimper to pant against his shoulder . 
 `` please . 
 i need you , '' she whispered achingly , needing him to take her . 
 he stroked and teased her br ** sts , lightly pinching her pebble hard ni ** les with expert fingers . 
 his tongue traced her earlobe and the side of her neck , finding every sensitive area of her skin . 
 she reached between them , trying desperately to grasp his c ** k and place it near her empty channel . 
 he snatched her seeking hands by the wrists , pinning them above her head . 
 he held them tightly with one large hand while the other snaked between her legs . 
 she wanted to protest . 
 she needed to keep moving against his leg like a bitch in heat until she came , but he pulled it back , denying her satisfaction . 
 his hand traced her wet folds lightly as she arched her back , begging silently for more significant contact , pleading for his touch in the place that would send her over the edge . 
 `` so hot . 
 so wet . 
 so needy . 
 call for me and i will make you come until you are begging for mercy , '' she heard his gruff , low baritone murmur in her ear . 
 `` let me sate you . '' 
 she groaned , the sound of his erotic voice making her pu ** y flood with even more fluid . 
 her head turned from side to side , frustration threatening to take her sanity . 
 she yanked at her hands to free herself even as her hips rose to his teasing touch between her thighs . 
 he held her snuggly by her wrists as his other hand circled her clit through her slick and slippery lower lips . 
 she jerked as his finger toyed with the protective hood of her bud , lifting it , brushing lightly over the exposed nub . 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 right there . 
 more . 
 please , more . 
 his scorching mouth descended on her right nipple and she shuddered from the contact . 
 she had to climax before she went mad . 
 before she could orgasm , the touch of her lover faded . 
 her mind screamed in protest even as he faded away and her mind became alert and ... she woke up . 
 sasha taylor woke slowly , coming out of her foggy , erotic dream in a frustrated stupor . 
 shit ! 
 she sat up , her body drenched with sweat and her heart pounding so hard she could hear it drumming in her ears . 
 these damn horny dreams were going to kill her . 
 this was the second one she had experienced in the last four days . 
 they were coming more often , more vivid , keeping her in an almost constant state of arousal . 
 her whole body was soaked , including her dripping mound . 
 she flopped back against the pillow and considered trying to satisfy herself , but she already knew it was a quick fix that would n't last . 
 all it would take was one thought of her dream lover and she would be right back in the same situation of frustrated lust . 
 unfortunately , she could n't stop thinking about him . 
 he seemed to be with her constantly , both irritating and stimulating her . 
 sasha knew instinctively that it was her vampire mate . 
 she had known she was the mate of a vampire since the mark had appeared on her hip around her eighteenth birthday , which had been ten years ago . 
 shocked , appalled and disgusted , she had never mentioned it to anyone . 
 a mage with a vampire ? 
 it was a taboo . 
 the mage hated the vampires and to mate with one would get her nothing but ostracized from her fellow mages forever . 
 her parents were both mage as was her sister , regan . 
 vampires were blood drinkers , barbarians that took their mates by force . 
 none of her family or mage friends would accept her vampire mate . 
 hell ... she did n't want a vampire mate . 
 who wanted to be mated with a domineering , overbearing savage ? 
 sasha rolled out of bed and grabbed some clean clothes as she headed toward the shower . 
 she would shake this off and get to work . 
 she and her sister regan were business partners in their jewelry business . 
 sasha did the designs and regan did most of the intricate work of putting everything together . 
 their pieces were sought after and it kept them both very busy and brought in a good income . 
 call for me and i will make you come until you beg for mercy . 
 sasha shivered as she pulled her soaked nightshirt over her head in the bathroom . 
 she could still hear his `` pure sex '' baritone whispering to her . 
 if the man in her wet dreams was her mate ... he had a body made for sin and a voice that could almost arouse a woman to climax with just his words . 
 disgusted with herself , sasha turned on the water , making it as cold as it could get without causing her hypothermia . 
 ***** nathan hale had woken up from his day sleep in a bad mood that had just seemed to continue through the rest of the evening as he roamed the city . 
 his rest had been disturbed by images and dreams that rarely invaded the day sleep of vampires . 
 it made him edgy and uneasy . 
 his brother liam was busy with a healing and nathan had left his other two brothers behind , using the excuse that there was n't much to do but patrol for the fallen . 
 there had been no reported sightings . 
 he was hunting alone tonight and although he did n't mind roaming for fallen vampires to kill by himself , his brother 's `` love fest '' was getting on his nerves . 
 ethan and rory were getting careless , so engrossed with their love and lust for their mates that they missed the little things that could get them killed . 
 he was n't sure he wanted either of them on the streets right now . 
 maybe once they got over their rapture honeymoon phase they could finally go back out with him to dust the fallen . 
 in the meantime ... they were acting just plain stupid . 
 nathan shook his head as he cruised one of the lower class areas of denver , wondering how any vampire could act so witless over a woman . 
 he liked brianna and callie well enough , but it was as if finding their mates had lowered ethan and rory 's iq by at least forty points . 
 if finding a mate made a vampire into a total idiot , he was damn glad he had never found his own mate . 
 chances were that he never would . 
 at over six hundred years old , his time had passed . 
 he had n't felt sexual desire for over five hundred years and probably would n't know what to do anymore if he did . 
 he was n't sure if the loneliness and yearning ever went away , but he tried to bury it . 
 most of it was covered by hatred for the fallen . 
 his main mission in his eternal life was to grind every fallen into dust that would blow harmlessly away in a strong breeze . 
 they had killed his parents while nathan had been made to stand by helplessly and wait for news of their demise . 
 but ... no longer . 
 he was an elder now and at the helm of the vampire coalition . 
 he spent almost every waking moment burning with hostility and loathing for the creatures that had taken his parents away from him and his brothers . 
 he wanted vengeance , no matter how long it took or how many fallen that he had slay to feel a sense of peace again . 
 nathan slipped around the corner of an alley , entering the street . 
 two gang members that appeared to be looking for trouble eyed him with sleazy smiles . 
 he scowled , daring them to approach , almost looking for a fight . 
 he had already fed , but he 'd enjoy thrashing the two punks just trolling for innocent victims to rob ... or worse . 
 unfortunately , they averted their eyes and walked on . 
 he was just cursing his bad luck that they had avoided him when he felt it . 
 fallen . 
 they were close , and the evil sent an electric wave down his spine . 
 he started moving quicker than the human eye could see , tracing the feeling of malice and mayhem . 
 what were the bastards up to now ? 
 he halted abruptly as he took in the scene before him . 
 he had found the fallen ... and they were n't alone . 
 his temper flared and his eyes were nearly black with rage as he saw that they were tearing at a young woman who struggled between them . 
 the f ** kers had shredded her shoulders from holding her with their razor sharp claws . 
 she had slashes all over her body , leaking blood that left a ruby puddle at her feet , but the woman still was kicking and fighting , yelling obscenities that would make a nun blush . 
 nathan yanked a short blade from his belt , unwilling to use anything longer that might hit the woman between the two monsters . 
 the woman saw him appear behind the fallen that was torturing her , but he held a hand up in a silent signal . 
 she quieted as he drove the knife into her tormenter 's heart . 
 the fallen crumpled to the ground , squirming like a worm on a fisherman 's hook . 
 the creature that was holding the woman let go of her body and she too crumpled to the ground . 
 nathan 's eyes flashed with enmity as he met the red-eyed stare of the fallen . 
 he knew he had to dispatch the slime quickly and get help for the female ... if there was still even a slim chance that she could be saved . 
 he dodged an aggressive attack of slashing claws as the two of them did the death dance . 
 it was one he planned on winning . 
 fury and adrenaline fueled his attack on the hairless , sunken-featured monster , waiting for an opening . 
 nathan stepped close and brought his arm under the fallen 's wrists , deflecting his claws as he simultaneously drove the knife into the freak 's chest , rupturing his heart . 
 the fallen hit the ground . 
 nathan withdrew his knife as he fell . 
 he 'd be damned if he 'd lose a perfectly good knife . 
 he cleaned it with his magic as he re-sheathed the blade at his waist . 
 both of the fallen disappeared , leaving only a pile of dust where they had once stood , tormenting a defenseless woman to death . 
 crouching next to the unknown woman , he assessed her injuries . 
 `` fuck ! 
 , '' he uttered aloud as he surveyed the slashes and severe loss of blood . 
 she was breathing shallow and her heart was still beating in a fast , thready rhythm . 
 nathan scooped up her body in his arms . 
 mage ! 
 he could feel the magic zinging through her body . 
 if she was mage , she was a little stronger than the average human , but she was n't immortal . 
 he scowled , knowing she could n't go to a human hospital . 
 the mage had their own healers and their physiology was somewhat different than a human 's . 
 liam . 
 i need you . 
 he sent the urgent call out for his healer brother before gathering the unconscious female close to him and dissolved into the night . 
 chapter 2 nathan transported himself to the master bedroom of his home and laid the injured woman on his bed . 
 he knew without a shred of doubt that this was the female that had haunted his dreams . 
 her long , blonde hair fell in waves that reached nearly to her waist . 
 her eyes were closed but he already knew that they were an unusual violet color that was n't produced by artificial lenses . 
 had he dreamt of her because she was in danger ? 
 the dreams had been anything but a warning . 
 they had contained acts that were long forgotten and something that was only possible for him to experience in dreams . 
 she had been his lover . 
 he stripped the clothes from her body with his magic and tried to stop as much of the bleeding as he could . 
 he was n't a damned healer . 
 he could n't heal the deep gashes in her shoulders and arms . 
 she also had one on each side of her hips where they had grabbed her . 
 where in holy hell is liam ? 
 he knelt next to her naked body , wishing that he knew more about the mage . 
 mage and vampire did not mix , so he knew only the bare minimum of information about the magical species . 
 they were not immortal . 
 they lived a little longer than humans , but their existence was finite . 
 born with magic , they could cast spells and bend magic to do their bidding . 
 mage were stronger than humans , but not as strong as an immortal . 
 oh hell ... that was about all he knew . 
 he had never even come in contact with a mage since they seemed to have an aversion to vampires . 
 nathan jerked backwards , landing on his ass in shock as his fingers moved over her left hip to slow the bleeding on a deep slash in her skin . 
 my mark ! 
 `` christ ! 
 , '' he whispered harshly as he levered himself back to his knees and lightly touched the dragon symbol on her hip with trembling fingers . 
 he touched it gently , tracing the lines of the small marking . 
 not possible . 
 he made his mark appear on his right arm to confirm that it really was n't his marking . 
 nathan had n't even looked at his mating mark for so long that he could n't remember the exact design . 
 they were identical matches . 
 the dreams . 
 the marks . 
 my mate . 
 `` you do n't have to keep staring at it , brother . 
 she 's definitely your mate . '' 
 nathan jerked his head around to see his brother liam with an arm propped casually against the doorframe and a smile on his face . 
 he hid his marking as he asked hotly , `` where in the hell were you . 
 this girl is bleeding to death . '' 
 liam 's smile only grew broader as he nudged nathan aside and assessed her injuries . 
 `` she 's hardly a girl . 
 and i was busy . 
 i got here as soon as i could . '' 
 his hand moved quickly over her body , using his healing ability to completely stop her bleeding . 
 `` she 's mage and she needs a mage healer . 
 there 's only so much i can do . 
 she 'll end up scarred . '' 
 `` i do n't give a damn about the scars . '' 
 nathan answered fiercely . 
 `` just do n't let her ... '' his voice softened as he choked out the last word . 
 `` die . '' 
 `` back away from my sister or i 'll fill you both full of silver bullets . '' 
 nathan and liam 's heads both snapped up to stare at the woman in the woman in the doorway . 
 she was blonde , her hair not quite as long as her sister 's , and her hands were shaking as she held a handgun trained on the two men . 
 `` i think you have your myths confused . 
 silver bullets are for lycanthropes and they do n't really work on them . 
 that 's a more modern myth . '' 
 liam told the woman casually as he stood . 
 `` yeah ... well ... i could certainly make you miserable . '' 
 her voice sounded shaky and unsure . 
 it would be painful , nathan thought , but all it would do was really piss him off . 
 `` i 'm a vampire healer . 
 i was trying to help your sister . 
 we were n't going to hurt her . 
 we want to help her . '' 
 liam told her reasonably . 
 `` it was vampires that attacked her . '' 
 the woman replied defensively , still waving the gun in their direction with shaking hands . 
 `` fallen vampires . 
 they 're the bad guys . 
 we are n't fallen . 
 we try to contain them . 
 it 's my guess that my brother nathan saved your sister 's life . '' 
 liam 's voice was soothing as he spoke quietly . 
 `` oh , thank god ! 
 i was afraid i 'd have to shoot you . '' 
 the blonde blew out a pent up breath and lowered the gun . 
 `` i 'm a healer ... not a killer . '' 
 liam gave her a sympathetic smile . 
 `` i 've done all i can do . 
 perhaps you can take over . '' 
 `` yes . 
 of course . '' 
 dropping the gun in a chair she rushed to the bedside . 
 `` how in the hell did you get in here ? '' 
 nathan demanded . 
 `` i have more security than fort knox . '' 
 `` i spelled myself in . 
 i ca n't transport , but i can gain entry with spells . 
 you are n't mage protected , '' she answered distractedly as she took liam 's place that he had vacated at the bedside . 
 `` oh , sasha , '' she whispered as she looked at the nasty gashes . 
 `` has she been unconscious like this for a while ? '' 
 `` since i killed her attackers . 
 is that bad ? '' 
 nathan asked anxiously . 
 `` no . 
 it 's our way of conserving energy until we can be healed . '' 
 she opened a bag she had brought with her and began to apply a paste to her sister 's injuries . 
 `` is that her name ? 
 sasha ? '' 
 nathan questioned , breathing her name softly . 
 `` sasha taylor . 
 i 'm her sister , regan . '' 
 `` this is nathan hale . '' 
 liam waved his hand toward his brother . 
 `` and i 'm his brother liam . 
 i 'm a vampire healer . 
 can i help in any way ? 
 i do n't know much about the mage , but i 'll do whatever i can to help . '' 
 `` i 'm going to do a healing spell . 
 if you can send me any healing energy , it might help . '' 
 she crinkled her brow in concentration . 
 sasha . 
 my mate 's name is sasha . 
 while regan chanted her healing spell and liam closed his eyes to send healing energy , nathan stared at the vulnerable woman on the bed with awe and confusion . 
 hundreds of years of waiting ... and she was finally here . 
 he had given up hope . 
 he was n't sure if he should rejoice or mourn . 
 he did n't want a mate . 
 did he ? 
 sasha started thrashing , her long lashes flickering . 
 nathan went to the opposite side of the bed and crawled over the empty space of the enormous bed . 
 he held her hand and put a comforting hand on her forehead . 
 she was healing , her injuries closing before his eyes to leave nothing but smooth skin . 
 nathan looked from her to her sister . 
 regan 's face looked strained and contorted as she continued the healing spell . 
 liam 's head was thrown back in concentration , his eyes closed . 
 nathan was n't a healer but he could feel the combined energy swirling through the bedroom . 
 it was all directed toward sasha , making her thrash and moan as her body healed . 
 nathan stared fixedly at his mate , his displeasure at the whole situation evident . 
 she was in pain and he did n't like it . 
 he stroked her cheek and she quieted . 
 her eyes fluttered open , confusion and pain mingling in her panicked eyes . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 you 're being healed . 
 you were injured . 
 stay still . '' 
 nathan tried to reassure her . 
 her gaze flew straight to his face and she started , her face frightened and alarmed . 
 `` you 're him . 
 i recognize your voice . 
 the man from my dreams . '' 
 nathan realized he was still stroking her cheek and she was awake . 
 he scrambled back on the bed , but he was n't fast enough . 
 his face grew feral and his body shook with reaction . 
 the mating instinct had kicked in and it seized his entire being , infusing him with possessiveness and lust . 
 his c ** k hardened like a diamond and heat rushed through every artery , vein and capillary in his body . 
 `` mine ! '' 
 with the healing completed , his fierce , loud growl brought every eye in the room to him with shock and alarm . 
 chapter 3 sasha could n't do much more than stare at her dream lover that had suddenly come alive in much too graphic detail . 
 holy hell ... the man was enormous and there was no veil or shadow this time . 
 nostrils flaring and eyes burning , the man pinned her with his black stare but said nothing more . 
 he seemed to be struggling ... with himself . 
 his eyes raked over her body and face hotly . 
 sasha scrambled for cover , pulling back the sheet and blankets to cover herself from chin to toes . 
 she flushed as she realized she had been as naked as the day she was born , exposed to every eye in the room . 
 had they seen her mark of the vampire ? 
 liam was the only one brave enough to approach nathan . 
 he walked calmly around the bed and dragged his brother to his feet , yanking hard with both arms around his shoulders . 
 nathan was two hundred years older than liam , but liam had his own elevated degree of power as a healer and nathan did n't really resist . 
 he was too busy trying control his animal instincts . 
 `` you okay , nathan ? '' 
 liam slapped him on the back as nathan stood , stumbling a little as he gained his balance . 
 nathan held up his hand . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm six hundred years old for christ 's sake . 
 i can control myself . '' 
 liam gave him a doubtful look as he returned to sasha . 
 he introduced himself and his brother as regan looked on curiously . 
 `` what 's wrong with him . 
 he does n't look so good . '' 
 regan probed quietly as she continued gaping at nathan . 
 `` let 's go get some nourishment , regan . 
 the healing was draining . 
 i 'll explain everything . '' 
 liam nodded his head toward the door , indicating that they should leave sasha and nathan alone . 
 `` are you sure it 's safe . '' 
 regan did n't sound so sure that leaving them alone was a good idea . 
 `` they 'll be quite safe , regan . 
 come along and i 'll explain . 
 they have a few ... issues to work out . '' 
 liam coughed to cover his laugh as he motioned regan out the door . 
 regan moved behind him slowly , shooting her sister one last , perplexed look as she followed liam . 
 sasha watched as the pair disappeared , her mind whirling . 
 she remembered the monsters that attacked her and seeing a brief glimpse of the vampire that liam had introduced as nathan before she lost consciousness . 
 she also remembered sending out a calling spell to regan . 
 she had obviously received it . 
 she was here , and she must have healed her . 
 `` you saved my life , '' sasha whispered , knowing that he must have destroyed the creatures attacking her . 
 nathan walked around the bed and sat on the floor beside the bed before replying , `` i almost did n't make it fast enough . '' 
 his eyes never left her face . 
 sasha could see the fear and concern in his expression . 
 she lifted a hand to his cheek , unable to stop herself from comforting him . 
 `` you made it . 
 i would have been dead had you not shown up . 
 what were they ? '' 
 `` fallen vampires . '' 
 sasha shuddered . 
 she did n't know that vampires could fall and become such hideous creatures . 
 `` and you hunt them ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 nathan answered simply . 
 `` they prey on the innocent . '' 
 `` and you do n't ? . '' 
 she could n't stop herself from asking the question . 
 were n't all vampires evil ? 
 a volatile look crossed his face as he answered roughly . 
 `` no . 
 i do not . 
 vampires may survive on blood but we take from those who are n't so innocent and we do n't kill to do it . '' 
 she believed him . 
 his insulted look was definitely not false . 
 he looked like she had slapped him . 
 remorse stabbed at her sharply as she replied , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know very little about vampires . '' 
 `` probably about as much as i know about the mage . '' 
 his voice was rough and low . 
 `` do you know that we are mates ? '' 
 sasha flinched . 
 `` i knew i was the mate of the vampire because i have the mark . 
 i did n't know who he was . 
 but i have dreams ... '' her voice shook . 
 `` i never see a face ... but i dream . 
 i recognized your voice . '' 
 `` i dream the same dreams . 
 but i could see you very clearly . '' 
 nathan willed his mark to appear and held his forearm out to her . 
 `` we are definitely mates . 
 i can feel the mating instinct even now . '' 
 sasha stared at nathan 's mark , a twin to her own . 
 she could feel the mating instinct too , and it was n't comfortable . 
 she wanted to pull nathan into the bed and have him at least a million different ways . 
 the only difficult part would be where to start . 
 you can not mate with a vampire ... no matter how handsome and compelling he may be . 
 you are mage . 
 `` mage and vampires do not mate . '' 
 sasha said it as much to herself as to nathan , trying to convince herself that she could never have this man that was turning her inside out . 
 `` make no mistake , little one ... we will mate . 
 the process has begun and it will end with us being mated . '' 
 his stare was intense and his voice rumbled . 
 `` i understand that you do not understand all there is to know about vampire mates . 
 i will explain it to you . '' 
 sasha felt her temper rising . 
 he may have saved her life , but no man was going to tell her what to do or what was going to happen with her life . 
 she made her own destiny . 
 she opened her mouth to tell him exactly that , but he had started explaining the nature of mates . 
 curiosity overruled her anger ... and she listened as he explained exactly what being the mate of a vampire really meant . 
 ****** sasha smiled as she woke one week later in an array of silken rose petals . 
 she stretched in her bed , inhaling the fragrant smell that surrounded her . 
 as she opened her eyes she ran hand a through more than an inch of soft , red petals piled high around her . 
 she laughed as she tossed a handful in the air and watched them waft slowly back to the bed . 
 his courting is bewitching me . 
 when nathan decided something ... he was immovable . 
 he had decided he was going to court her ... and she had been spoiled rotten for the last week . 
 all she had to do is wish or want for something and it appeared . 
 this was the seventh day she had woken up in a bed of rose petals . 
 sasha knew from experience that once she exited the bed , the petals would disappear and her bedroom would be filled with several vases of roses on every available surface of the room . 
 nathan 's power was terrifying , but strangely enough , sasha had never feared him . 
 she got in his face often enough when he pissed her off , but he showed nothing but patience with her . 
 his control was nearly as scary as his power . 
 she hopped out of the bed , shaking off petals as she went , yawning as she glanced at the window . 
 it was twilight . 
 although she had never been an early riser , her nights had gotten longer and she slept the day away . 
 coffee . 
 she made her way sleepily toward the kitchen to put on the coffee pot only to find a large , steaming mug of latte waiting for her . 
 extra milk , extra sugar . 
 just the way she liked it . 
 exasperating man ! 
 he probably had not even woken from his day sleep yet and he was able to cater to her wants . 
 ah . . 
 the benefits of having a six hundred year old vampire mate . 
 sasha blew on the steaming mug and took a small sip of the much needed caffeine . 
 perfect . 
 as usual . 
 sighing softly , she carried the mug back to the bedroom . 
 the rose petals were gone and the vases were arranged around the room . 
 how in the hell did he do that ? 
 did he arrange it with magic before he slept or was he so powerful that he could do all this while he slept ? 
 she had asked him before and he had just shot her a deliciously wicked look . 
 she sat on her bed and cradled her coffee , sipping at it leisurely as wondered what she should do this evening . 
 she could go to the homeless shelter and help out as she had been doing the night she had met with the two fallen , but she had promised nathan that she would n't go there without his escort . 
 it was saturday night . 
 she and regan never worked on the weekends . 
 they had been working in her basement workshop all week with nathan , his brothers and their mates as frequent visitors . 
 she had even met adare and kristin , friends of the brothers . 
 they were all so ... likeable . 
 even regan , shy and quiet as she was , laughed and joked along with the brothers and their mates , enjoying their company . 
 they all teased each other mercilessly , but sasha could also see the bond between them all . 
 so different from the mage , sasha thought . 
 mages were serious creatures that rarely laughed or showed their emotions to one another . 
 their main concern was the survival of the species and keeping the purity of their mage heritage . 
 she shuddered , her coffee nearly spilling as she thought of her parent 's reactions to her revelation that she was a vampire mate . 
 they were disappointed in her and they showed it . 
 she was treated as a dirty outcast by everyone except regan , who treated her no differently than she always did . 
 her parents had told her in no uncertain terms that she was an aristocratic mage and she would be mated to another of her kind . 
 sasha had refused . 
 she may not end up mated to nathan , but she could not mate with another mage knowing that she was the keeper of nathan 's soul . 
 she could n't do it . 
 she would end up an old maid before she mated with a mage simply for bloodlines . 
 you will be mated with me , love . 
 nathan 's voice floated through her mind like a caress , making her shiver in reaction . 
 all she needed was to hear the sultry voice to make her heart race and her soul fill with yearning . 
 her body reacted , her panties dampening and her ni ** les hardening . 
 `` so sure of yourself , vampire ? 
 , '' she whispered as she smiled into her coffee mug . 
 he was infuriating , arrogant and smug . 
 he could also be kind , tender and thoughtful . 
 it was almost an irresistible mix . 
 she longed for him as she had never wanted another man . 
 i have no doubt , sasha . 
 you belong to me . 
 his voice was low and possessive . 
 how it could anger her and arouse her at the same time was a mystery . 
 `` i belong to no man , vampire , '' she answered stubbornly . 
 she heard his chuckle as he murmured back . 
 we shall see , little one . 
 sasha 's spine stiffened in indignation . 
 tall for a woman , she was hardly little . 
 just because nathan was a giant of a man did n't make her small . 
 `` do n't call me that . 
 i am not a child . '' 
 `` i am well aware of that , love . 
 you are well developed in all of the right areas . '' 
 his voice was husky and full of desire . 
 her panties flooded as she imagined him exploring all of those areas . 
 her lust for him was undeniable . 
 although he had done nothing more than kiss her forehead , she longed for him to take her to bed and claim her . 
 the thought had no more than crossed her mind when nathan appeared in front her , dressed only in a pair of body hugging jeans and a slight smile . 
 her breath caught as she took in his muscular , hard body in the flesh . 
 he was gloriously handsome with his dark hair and eyes that were shooting her a look of intense lust . 
 `` tell me you want it as much as i do , sasha . 
 i 'm not sure how much longer i can fight it , '' he growled as he held out his hand to her . 
 chapter 4 sasha trembled as she set her empty coffee cup on her bedside table . 
 oh ... she wanted it . 
 she had wanted nathan since he had appeared in her dreams . 
 now that she knew him in reality , her desire had intensified to an unbearable level . 
 to let him take her was dangerous . 
 to be without him was unendurable . 
 she met his intense gaze , returning it with a look of longing and vulnerability that she knew he could see in her eyes . 
 `` come with me , sasha . 
 i can feel your need and it claws at me . '' 
 his hand stayed extended , palm up as he took a step closer . 
 she was n't the least bit afraid of him . 
 she was afraid of her own reactions . 
 he called to a part of her that she never knew existed and on a level that was painful in it 's intensity . 
 she reached out and placed her palm in his . 
 within moments he had scooped her into his arms and transported them to his bedroom . 
 as he laid her in the middle of his bed , he murmured roughly , `` i need to see you here in my bed . 
 mine . 
 i 've imagined it so many times in my mind . '' 
 she was still in her little shortie pink nightshirt and little else . 
 her hair was braided and he sat beside her and started unraveling the braid . 
 she sat up while he worked . 
 his ragged breath was hot on her neck and her heart was pounding . 
 `` nathan ... i have to tell you something . '' 
 he stroked her cheek as his hand loosened her hair , letting it fall in waves over her back . 
 `` what bothers you ? '' 
 `` i have n't ... i 've never ... the mage do n't have sex before they are mated . '' 
 she choked out the embarrassing fact before she lost her nerve . 
 `` sasha ? '' 
 he tilted her face to his , those burning eyes bright with concern . 
 `` are you trying to tell me that you are a virgin ? '' 
 she nodded , unable to answer . 
 `` mine . 
 completely mine . '' 
 his voice was hoarse with emotion . 
 `` i 'll try my best to be gentle , sasha , although knowing i am the first and last man to possess you will likely drive me insane . '' 
 `` do n't be gentle , nathan . 
 i need you . '' 
 she reached out boldly and stroked the large bulge through his jeans . 
 she wanted him as he was ... hard , possessive , demanding . 
 he yanked her short nightie over her head , baring her br ** sts to him . 
 his hands cupped them both , stroking over them , teasing the ni ** les with his thumbs . 
 his intimate touch on her body made her squirm as his mouth crashed down on hers . 
 his tongue demanded entrance as licked at her lips and swept into her mouth . 
 she met him tongue to tongue , moaning into his mouth as his fingers continued his assault on her sensitive br ** sts . 
 her hands crept to his shoulders , relishing the burgeoning muscles and sifted into his silky , dark locks of hair . 
 she could barely breath as his embrace sucked the air from her lungs . 
 he pulled his lips from hers and trailed his hot tongue along her ear . 
 she could hear him panting , trying to gain control . 
 she shivered as he trailed his mouth along her neck and to her br ** sts . 
 he replaced his hand with his mouth on her nipple as his fingers descended to her barely-there , pink thong . 
 `` mine . '' 
 his hand ripped away her panties as he uttered the word harshly against her breast . 
 his fingers invaded her already dripping mound , toying with tender folds and sliding smoothly into her pu ** y . 
 she clasped his head as he suckled and stroked her ni ** les with his rough tongue , abrading the flesh . 
 `` oh , god . 
 nathan . '' 
 his fingers caressed , seeking her bud of pleasure . 
 they were bold as they stroked over her clit . 
 `` yes . 
 please . 
 more . '' 
 she was begging as her fingernails stroked his back . 
 `` ca n't touch me anymore , love . 
 not now . 
 i ca n't take it . '' 
 his voice was strangled . 
 sasha gasped as her arms flew over her head and were held there by his power . 
 invisible ties held her as surely as bindings . 
 she jerked , but her hands were pinned above her head . 
 she was helpless , his to command . 
 his mouth trailed down her stomach and she squirmed , her body burning with need . 
 she need him . 
 sasha could feel his need to dominate her as well as her own to be taken and possessed . 
 she whimpered as his mouth moved north , licking closer to her wet core . 
 she closed her legs in reaction , not sure she could endure the sensation . 
 moving between her legs , he spread them open wide , exposing her vulnerable pu ** y . 
 her legs were locked in position . 
 she fought to close them instinctively , but they were held open as surely as her arms were pinned above her head . 
 her body trembled as his mouth clamped onto her pu ** y without mercy . 
 his scorching tongue laved her slit before delving into her inner depths . 
 his thumbs held her folds open as he lapped at her juices . 
 `` nathan . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 please . '' 
 she could n't move , could n't think . 
 she felt him snarl into her flesh as he nipped at her clit , lifting the covering to get at the naked pearl . 
 he flicked and tortured the tiny bud as her hips lifted for satisfaction . 
 she was shivering with need as he inserted his finger in her empty channel . 
 she clenched around it , hungry to capture him inside of her . 
 he growled as he inserted a second finger . 
 she was slick , but tight , and his fingers stretched her as he continued a fast pace on her throbbing clit with his tongue . 
 her body burning with the need for release , she strained against his magic bindings . 
 they did n't give an inch and she groaned her frustration , her need to climax nearly killing her . 
 his fingers stroked inside of her , deep but slow . 
 `` hurry , nathan , please . 
 i ca n't bear it , '' she whimpered as he started pumping faster . 
 she raised her hips as much as she could , trying desperately to make him take her harder . 
 his fingers were sliding smoothly over a sweet spot and his continual stimulation of her clit made her belly clench . 
 her release started with a creamy rush , her channel spasming over nathan 's fingers . 
 she cried out as he lapped at her orgasm , stretching it out by vibrating his tongue over her naked clit hard and fast . 
 `` nathan . '' 
 she screamed his name as her hips jerked and her body trembled . 
 she panted in the aftermath . 
 she had never experienced an orgasm like that . 
 it rocked her world and she was n't sure if she would ever recover . 
 she watched as nathan rose and shucked his jeans . 
 he was commando and his c ** k sprang forward hard and huge . 
 `` i 'm not sure it will fit , '' she whispered as she gawked at his member . 
 she heard him make a sound that was half laugh and half groan as he covered her . 
 `` it will fit , my love . 
 do n't be afraid . 
 we were made for each other . '' 
 he stroked her hair as he continued . 
 `` i ca n't promise it wo n't hurt a little . 
 you 're so tight that i may go mad . 
 i ca n't believe you 're mine . '' 
 she did n't argue . 
 his words were so reverent , his tone so in awe of her ... how could she quibble with him ? 
 her heart was thundering as she looked into his eyes and saw forever . 
 she could never live without this man . 
 she might be the keeper of his soul , but he was stealing her heart . 
 he grasped his cock , his expression pained . 
 she knew he was struggling for control . 
 for her . 
 because of her . 
 at that moment she did n't care if it hurt like the very devil . 
 she needed to be joined with him , filled by him , consumed by him . 
 `` fuck me , nathan . 
 i feel like i 've waited forever , '' she told him softly . 
 he coated his c ** k with her cream from her hungry pu ** y , teasing her bud with the tip . 
 `` mine . 
 my mate . 
 my woman . '' 
 his cries were hoarse as he inserted the tip of his penis against her tight hole . 
 he pressed forward , his body shaking . 
 `` so tight . 
 so hot . '' 
 sasha could see the veins in the side of his neck bulging as he slowly pressed his c ** k inside of her . 
 she lifted her hips , desperate for him . 
 `` take me , nathan . 
 i 'm yours . '' 
 his control slipped and he buried himself inside of her . 
 she felt a pinch of pain , but it was quickly gone and all she could feel was nathan . 
 her walls expanded and clenched , unused to being filled with a cock , much less a c ** k like nathan 's . 
 it left her breathless . 
 `` yes , '' she hissed , her channel rejoicing at his taking . 
 `` fuck me , nathan . '' 
 `` mine . 
 i 'll make you come until you beg for mercy . '' 
 his voice was wild , his control lost . 
 she moaned at his familiar words from her dreams and his uncontrollable lust as he pulled out and thrust back in . 
 finally ... he had made good on that promise . 
 the reality of him was so much better than the dream . 
 he released her legs from his power and pulled them around his waist . 
 his hands went under her ass and pulled her hips to meet his thrusting cock . 
 he hissed as he pumped into her tight , hot depths . 
 `` need you . 
 have to f ** k you hard . '' 
 `` yes , nathan . 
 please . '' 
 her pu ** y throbbed as she begged for rough possession . 
 she could feel his need and she wanted it as much as he did . 
 he pumped into her forcefully , staking his claim as his c ** k pummeled her . 
 she wanted to touch him but her hands were still held tight above her head . 
 her back arched at the incredible friction over her g-spot and the force of his member . 
 she knew she was going to come . 
 she felt it building as waves of ecstasy started to roll mercilessly over her body . 
 she threw her head back as her body exploded , her muscles grabbing and clenching at nathan 's cock . 
 he continued pistoning his hips as she screamed , milking him with her walls . 
 he leaned his body into hers and licked at the vein in her neck . 
 she stiffened as she felt the initial prick of his fangs and then was flooded with complete erotic pleasure . 
 she felt another orgasm gathering and she let it take her . 
 although she did n't think it was possible , it was stronger than the last one , making her come apart . 
 when nathan pressed her mouth to his shoulder , she did n't resist . 
 she lapped at his blood at the spot he had opened , her body convulsing from the sheer ecstasy of being part of each other in another way . 
 she was shocked by the intimacy of sharing blood and the erotic delight that accompanied it . 
 as the second climax rolled over her , she released his shoulder and he stopped the bleeding on her neck and his small wound . 
 `` mine . '' 
 he groaned as he buried himself in her depths and released his hot stream , his spine arching in agony and bliss . 
 her arms came loose and she wrapped them around nathan as he dropped into her welcoming body , holding him tightly , tears streaming down her face . 
 he rolled , taking her with him as they lay on their sides , panting , their hearts pounding against each other . 
 `` what is this , little one ? '' 
 he swiped lightly at her tears with his thumbs . 
 her cheeks flooded pink with embarrassment . 
 mages did n't let their emotions overwhelm them . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 really . '' 
 she blew it off as she swiped the rest of the tears away . 
 `` tell me , love . 
 i 'll make it go away , '' he insisted , his eyes full of confusion . 
 sasha burst out laughing . 
 he was so very serious and so very sure that he could make any of her problems go away ... take care of her every need . 
 she knew he would always try . 
 he was the eldest brother , the protector . 
 it was part of his very nature . 
 a part that she was learning to love about him . 
 she loved him . 
 that 's why she was crying . 
 emotions welled up in her throat and she tried to swallow them , afraid of revealing her feelings . 
 he felt the mating instincts as she did . 
 but could he also care for her ? 
 she wanted him to love her . 
 her . 
 sasha . 
 she wanted more than just the mating bond . 
 `` i 'm fine , nathan . 
 really . 
 that was incredible . 
 i always cry over a good orgasm . '' 
 she snuggled into him and rested her head on his bulky shoulder . 
 `` i 'm rather afraid that i will make you cry often , then . '' 
 his voice was disgruntled . 
 `` are you sure i did n't hurt you , '' he asked anxiously . 
 `` it was so good i 'm ready to cry again . '' 
 she pulled back and gave him a mischievous grin . 
 he returned a wicked smile but he rose from the bed and scooped her up into his arms . 
 `` i think you could use a hot soak in the tub . 
 you 'll be sore . '' 
 she pouted , her lower lip poking out as she gave him a disappointed look . 
 `` it 's a very large tub . 
 big enough for two . '' 
 he chuckled as he bounced her up in the air as she squealed and grabbed his shoulders . 
 `` can i. . . 
 explore you , nathan . 
 i never really got to ... touch you . '' 
 and she wanted to . 
 badly . 
 `` you 'll kill me , woman , '' he muttered , but carried her happily to hot tub and let her satisfy her curiosity until she was quite content . 
 chapter 5 nathan knew he was goner , acting as stupid -lrb- or maybe worse -rrb- than his brothers acted over brianna and callie . 
 he understood now what it was like to be completely captivated by a mate . 
 sasha . 
 his c ** k went stiff just thinking about her in his bed with her long blonde hair flowing over his pillows and those needy moans of hers that drove him to sate her every need . 
 he stretched as he shook off his day sleep . 
 he could smell her scent on his sheets and his chest ached . 
 he missed her already and they had just been together last night . 
 he wished she had stayed with him to sleep at his side . 
 it would be bliss to see her smile every night when he awakened . 
 he felt ... lonely . 
 he did n't just miss her body . 
 it was ... sasha . 
 she was the delight of his life . 
 she would stand toe to toe with him when she got in one of her stubborn moods and argue with a man twice her size without ever flinching . 
 he smiled , knowing she was one of the bravest , smartest women he knew . 
 when she was n't near ... he missed her . 
 he reached for her with his mind , but could n't reach out to her . 
 knowing she was probably sleeping , he sighed . 
 he loved everything about sasha , even her stubborn determination that mage and vampires did n't mate . 
 his lips curved into a smile . 
 she would n't win that argument . 
 no matter how hard she resisted , he would make her call him to her somehow and they would be mates . 
 not only was she destined for him , but he loved her nearly to the point of insanity . 
 nathan 's security gate buzzed just as he was rolling out of bed . 
 he hit the intercom button . 
 `` state your business . '' 
 he stiffened as he heard the breathless female voice on the other end . 
 `` nathan , let me in . 
 it 's important . 
 i do n't have time to spell myself in right now . '' 
 regan . 
 what was she doing here ? 
 nathan quickly hit the button to open the gate and dressed himself magically as he ran down the stairs to the front door . 
 regan 's sporty , little blue vehicle came to halt with screaming tires as she scrambled out of the car . 
 nathan frowned as he saw the look of terror on the usually calm and sedate woman 's face . 
 he grabbed regan by the shoulders gently . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she started to cry , tears rolling down her cheeks . 
 `` they took her , nathan . 
 our parents went to the mage elders . 
 the council decided she needed to be mated with a mage and they took her . 
 they said they would beat the vampire devil from her and mate her with a mage . '' 
 `` sasha ? 
 , '' he breathed softly but dangerously . 
 regan nodded . 
 `` we were working and they just invaded her house and took her away . 
 we both fought them with our magic , but there were too many elders . 
 they drugged her and took her away in chains . 
 she was still fighting . '' 
 regan finished with a sob . 
 `` she loves you , nathan . 
 she 'll be miserable , and i 'm afraid they 'll have to hurt her badly because i know she wo n't accept the mating . 
 please help her . '' 
 fury rose up inside of him , anguish ripping and tearing at his insides . 
 death to anyone who dared to lay a hand on his mate . 
 he stared at her sister , willing himself to be calm . 
 regan was hysterical and she needed reassurance . 
 `` do you know where they are ? '' 
 `` i 'm ... not sure . 
 probably at the mating grounds . '' 
 regan choked back her sobs . 
 `` i ca n't believe that our parents betrayed her . '' 
 she quickly gave nathan directions to the mage mating grounds . 
 liam . 
 rory . 
 ethan . 
 i need you . 
 he sent a call to his brothers and every one of them appeared almost instantly . 
 he explained quickly that his mate had been kidnapped . 
 `` regan . 
 i want you to stay here . 
 sasha would want you to be safe . 
 liam , please stay and watch over her . 
 she 's upset . '' 
 nathan looked at the serious faces of ethan and rory . 
 `` i might need help . '' 
 `` we 've got your back . 
 lead on . '' 
 ethan replied instantly as rory nodded . 
 nathan ? 
 chills fluttered down his spine as he heard his mate 's weak , defeated voice in his head . 
 please come to me , nathan . 
 i need you . 
 `` i 'm coming , love . 
 are you at the mating grounds ? 
 , '' his heart racing , he spoke aloud . 
 his brothers waited tensely as he spoke to his mate . 
 regan looked perplexed . 
 yes . 
 i ca n't fight , nathan . 
 i 'm drugged . 
 i ca n't wake up . 
 every time i start to wake , they hit me with more drugs . 
 his heart flip flopped as rage infused him . 
 he forced his voice to gentle . 
 `` do n't fight it , sweetheart . 
 do n't make them drug you anymore . 
 if you wake , pretend to sleep . 
 we will be there soon . '' 
 please hurry . 
 they are choosing my mate even now . 
 over his dead body . 
 no one touched his mate . 
 he did n't know her exact location so he started to follow her essence , his brothers ethan and rory close on his heels . 
 they moved through the night in a blur , nathan tracking sasha like a desperate man ... which he was . 
 `` did they hurt you sweetheart ? '' 
 he dreaded the answer , but he had to keep her from slipping out of his mind and back into a normal sleep . 
 he had to keep the connection open . 
 she was calling him to her and they could connect right now even though she slept . 
 i 'm okay , nathan . 
 i just need you . 
 the bastards had hurt her . 
 if they had n't , she would have told him so . 
 fuck ! 
 his heart hammered in his ears as violence and wrath flooded through him . 
 `` i 'm here , love . 
 i just arrived . '' 
 i love you , nathan . 
 her soft sigh washed over him . 
 please do n't kill anyone . 
 my parents are there . 
 and my kin . 
 his mind was reeling from her declaration and it took a while for her request to register . 
 `` you 're asking a lot of me , love . 
 i want to nail every one of them that took part in your kidnapping . '' 
 please , nathan . 
 her voice was weak and pleading . 
 he could deny her nothing . 
 `` only because i love you , sasha . 
 if i loved you less they would all be toast . '' 
 as nathan and his brothers broke into a clearing and he saw his beloved chained naked to a post , her face and body littered with bruises , he almost took back his words . 
 fuck ! 
 he wanted to dust every one of them ... painfully . 
 ethan grasped nathan 's shoulder as he spoke , `` take care of your mate . 
 rory and i will handle the others . '' 
 six mages sat around a small table only feet from sasha arguing over how they would rid her body of her vampire mark . 
 even though he wanted to gut every one of them , his heart was crying out for him to go to his mate . 
 `` she wants them alive . 
 they are her parents and kin , '' he muttered to his brothers . 
 ethan 's face crumpled . 
 `` damn . 
 she takes all of the fun out of revenge . '' 
 he brightened . 
 `` but she did n't say we could n't rough them up ? '' 
 rory and ethan both looked at him expectantly with an evil look on their faces . 
 `` she just said do n't kill them . '' 
 `` right . 
 we 'll leave them breathing . 
 barely . '' 
 his brothers strode toward the council as nathan arrived beside sasha . 
 he did n't give his brothers another thought . 
 they would have no problem taking care of six mages . 
 they were no match for the power of two vampires . 
 he ripped off the chains that kept her upright and manufactured a blanket to wrap her nude body . 
 christ ! 
 and they call us vampires barbarians ! 
 a vampire would never do something like this to a woman . 
 he picked her up gently . 
 `` sasha ? '' 
 her head slumped against his chest and she did n't answer . 
 she had fallen back into a drug induced sleep . 
 his face was stormy as he glared at her family . 
 he was n't sure which two were her parents , but he really did n't care . 
 he hated every one of them . 
 their faces were all filled with fear as rory and ethan descended on them . 
 nathan got a twisted sense of delight knowing they would suffer . 
 ethan and rory wanted justice for their brother 's mate and they would get what they had given to his mate ... and more . 
 he disappeared into the night , his life and love cradled in his arms . 
 chapter 6 sasha knew that nathan was none too happy to be staring at her across the mating chamber the following night . 
 he said it was too soon , the night before being too difficult for her . 
 but here he was ... catering to her desires once again . 
 her heart raced as she watched him , his eyes intense on her nude body . 
 she had been stripped and consented to the mating . 
 she was eager to belong to him . 
 after what had happened last night they could n't be mated fast enough for her . 
 she needed to give nathan his soul and she desperately wanted to be his forever . 
 i wo n't bind you , sasha . 
 not after yesterday . 
 his fervent statement flowed through her mind and she smiled at him as she approached him . 
 `` do what you must , my love . 
 it does n't matter , '' she whispered to him softly . 
 `` as long as the end result is that i belong to you and you have your soul . '' 
 she was aware of the eyes that watched the ritual mating from the darkened windows . 
 she thought it would unnerve her , but she found it strangely arousing . 
 those vampires , unknown strangers , would watch as nathan made her his . 
 she knew the ritual by heart , so it startled her as nathan reached down and freed his own cock , ripping off the leather covering and tossing it on the floor . 
 `` if you want this done today ... i will do it my way , '' he told her fiercely as he scooped up her naked body and climbed the steps to the silk covered bed . 
 nathan had chosen a violet color for the bed that matched her eyes exactly . 
 as he laid her on the smooth , cool covering , he slid onto the bed and they faced each other . 
 his eyes were intense as he spoke the binding words in his native language . 
 sasha quivered as she felt the magic swirl through the room . 
 her emotions mirrored nathan 's and she could feel him trying to hold himself in check . 
 he kept his eyes frozen with hers as he murmured the words that she could n't understand , but that moved her with their power . 
 his mating mark glowed as he brought it to her hip to match their marks . 
 it burned like the fires of hell as nathan 's soul escaped her grasp and their souls parted and split ... and then melded together again . 
 she gasped as his soul passed into him through their joined marks . 
 she started murmuring her own spell as nathan 's eyes glowed red and his body jerked . 
 she did n't have his enormous power , but she could help him through this . 
 `` mine . '' 
 nathan growled as he reached for her . 
 he took her mouth roughly and grasped her head to keep her head from moving as he devoured her with his tongue . 
 her already damp pu ** y flooded as his tongue swept into her mouth , branding her . 
 she gave as good as she got , aggressively seeking his out of control tongue with her own . 
 he broke off the kiss , panting for breath , trying desperately not to control her . 
 before he had a chance to make any demands , she reached for his rock hard c ** k and wrapped her lips around the engorged member . 
 she pushed him onto his back as she licked the tip , savoring the taste of him . 
 she heard growl and then groan as she slid her mouth over him boldly , satisfying his need . 
 she stayed with him , acting before he could , sensing every desire that he had . 
 crawling over his body , she swung her hips around until she straddled his face . 
 `` mine . '' 
 he yelled before he attacked her mound as she continued to suck his cock , her cheeks puffing in and out as she took him as deeply as she could . 
 she took the rest of him in her hand and worked his c ** k over and over as he groaned into her pu ** y . 
 she moaned around his member as his mouth invaded her , hot and vigorous , making her squirm against his face . 
 his tongue was like fire licking over her clit , arousing her to a fevered pitched . 
 she fingered his balls gently as she sucked him as hard and fast as she could . 
 he was groaning against her and her body writhed against him as she felt him tense . 
 he came with a intensity that made his whole body shake . 
 his scorching stream exploded in the back of her throat and she swallowed , eager for every drop of his explosion . 
 he tongued her hard , moving her folds and zeroing in on her clit . 
 she stiffened as she knew what he wanted next . 
 he wanted to invade every orifice on her body and his slippery finger slid into her back hole and his other hand slipped two fingers into her empty channel . 
 sasha levered herself on her arms as she felt his attack from every angle . 
 she threw her head back as he f ** ked both holes with his fingers as his tongue continued laving her clit . 
 `` oh , god . 
 nathan . 
 it 's too much , '' she sobbed as his fingers worked furiously and his tongue was relentless . 
 over and over . 
 again and again . 
 she was on overload and ready to come apart . 
 he was working his fingers opposite , so that he was withdrawing from her anus as he pumped into her soaking channel . 
 her heart was ready to fly out of her body from pumping so hard and she screamed as she came , flooding nathan 's mouth with hot , creamy liquid that he lapped at voraciously . 
 dizziness overwhelmed her and she had to fight for consciousness as she nearly passed out from ecstasy . 
 nathan was holding her hips upright as her limp body tried to sink . 
 he continued swallowing her juices as she gasped for oxygen . 
 his strong arms swung her leg over his face and he pulled her on top of him . 
 he wrapped an arm around her neck and kissed her . 
 she could taste their sex mingling together as their tongues met and their sweat-soaked bodies slid together . 
 sasha could feel his hard c ** k against her ass cheeks as he scooted her back and broke off the erotic embrace . 
 `` mine . '' 
 his eyes were still sparking red and his face looked pained . 
 `` ride me . 
 ride my cock . '' 
 she slid further back and grasped his steely , massive member . 
 she was spent , but need was driving her ... and she needed to feel nathan inside of her . 
 they were both slick and wet . 
 sasha tried to relax her muscles as she slid her aching pu ** y over his c ** k until it was buried deep inside of her . 
 oh , god . 
 she felt so full . 
 he penetrated deep in this position and she clenched around him hard . 
 he grasped her hips . 
 `` fuck me . 
 ride me hard . '' 
 she let him set the pace and got carried away by his needs and desires that were also hers . 
 he was demanding , lifting his hips up to meet her descending flesh . 
 she was lost in the slapping of skin against skin and his c ** k filling her again and again . 
 faster and faster . 
 he lifted one hand and brought her hand to her breast . 
 she knew what he wanted and she unashamedly fingered her ni ** les , pulling and tugging as she rode his c ** k at a furious pace . 
 her eyes met his red gaze , but she could still see nathan beneath the red glare . 
 he was watching her hotly , taking in every sound that escaped her throat . 
 `` mine . 
 my sasha . '' 
 he snarled as he slammed into her , pulling her hips hard against him as he penetrated her deep and strong . 
 her body quaked as she began to climax . 
 she moaned as she rocked her hips frantically against nathan 's . 
 he reached up his arm and curled it around her neck , bringing her down to him . 
 his lips licked erotically over her vein before his fangs punctured her . 
 she felt the moment of pleasure/pain before she was flooded with compete erotic pleasure . 
 the tiny fangs that sprang from her own gums startled her , even though she knew it was coming . 
 it was n't so much the fangs appearing as the intense hunger that she had for nathan . 
 she sunk her fangs into his shoulder , ravenous for the taste of him . 
 he jerked and tensed , burying his c ** k to the hilt . 
 she came , milking his c ** k at the same time as he spilt deep into her womb . 
 they detached their fangs and nathan quickly stopped the bleeding before wrapping her against him . 
 the orgasm seemed to last forever , sucking every bit of energy she had as she lay breathlessly on top of nathan . 
 she tried to roll off of him , knowing he was taking every bit of her weight , but he held her there . 
 `` stay . '' 
 his voice was hoarse as he held her tightly on top of him . 
 she felt a thin sheet cover them and she turned her head to look into his beautiful brown eyes . 
 she saw eternity in that adoring , loving gaze . 
 `` did you use your magic on me ? 
 , '' he mumbled sleepily . 
 `` just a little spell to help me hear your urges more clearly . '' 
 she told him innocently . 
 `` i knew you did n't want to lose control . 
 i thought it would help if i could ... anticipate your needs . '' 
 `` it helped . 
 it was n't too rough , was it ? 
 , '' he sounded anxious as he asked . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i would say it was just perfect . 
 we belong to each other now . '' 
 `` sweetheart , we always have , '' he whispered softly to her . 
 `` now it 's just official . '' 
 she kissed him softly and laid her head on his shoulder as darkness took her in it 's loving embrace . 
 epilogue the mage did n't have wedding ceremonies ... but the hale brothers insisted on a party ... with lots of food . 
 sasha smiled as she watched the brothers and adare devour more food than most people could eat in a month . 
 staring fondly at her mate who was currently involved in the eating and back slapping male bonding , she let out a long , deep breath . 
 nathan looked up and their eyes met . 
 he excused himself abruptly and came to her side muttering , `` when you look at me like that i want to take you to bed . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` any look i give you makes you want that . 
 i can give you the evil eye and you want to go to bed . '' 
 she laughed softly as he pulled her against him . 
 `` you do n't even have to look at me . 
 all i have to do is think about you and i want you . '' 
 he gave her a wicked grin as he continued , `` which is pretty much all of time . 
 i could probably keep you in bed forever and it still would n't be enough . '' 
 she could feel his hard c ** k again her belly and her body quickened . 
 her mate 's sexual appetite secretly delighted her , although she teased him about it . 
 in the last week since they had mated , they had spent more time in bed than out of it . 
 his brothers razzed him constantly about being enchanted by his mate ... but he did n't seem to mind very much and it did n't change his behavior one bit . 
 he continued to drool over his mate daily ... much to his brother 's delight . 
 it gave them a reason to hand back all of the words he had spoken to them when they had their heads up their asses because they were beguiled by their females . 
 she smiled as saw the gold and precious stones glint from the ring on her finger . 
 regan had crafted the jewelry for her and nathan , a beautiful matching set of mating rings as a gift . 
 the workmanship was beautiful and the matching gold dragons glittered with tiny rubies , sapphires and diamonds that almost brought the creatures to life . 
 she and nathan both wore them with pride . 
 regan had given them to her in a private moment that had revealed a rather shocking revelation . 
 `` what are you thinking about now , my love . '' 
 nathan drew her closer and she laid her head on his shoulder . 
 `` liam needs his mate . 
 he 's the only brother left . '' 
 sasha smiled as she told him . 
 `` liam swears he 's a healer and he wo n't find his mate . 
 he says his mate is his work . '' 
 nathan frowned as he looked at his brother , standing off to the side chatting with regan . 
 `` oh ... i 'm pretty certain he 's wrong , '' she told him with confidence . 
 nathan pulled back and met her eyes . 
 `` why do you think that ? 
 do you know something i do n't know . '' 
 `` maybe ... but i wo n't tell , '' she rubbed up against his erection , trying to distract him . 
 it 's not my secret to tell . 
 she would tell nathan someday ... but not just yet . 
 he was n't exactly subtle and to tell him right now would be a disaster . 
 `` rub against me like that again and we 're leaving . '' 
 he gave her a look filled with desire and longing . 
 `` promise ? 
 , '' she asked him in a low , sultry voice . 
 `` you 'll find yourself in bed , flat on your back and naked in less than five seconds , '' he warned in a voice daring her to do it . 
 it was a threat she could n't resist . 
 her panties moistened at his commanding , dominate tone . 
 she squirmed and wriggled against him , giving him no doubt that she was calling his bluff . 
 he scooped her into his arms and they disappeared , leaving the guests to continue the party without them . 
