 chapter 1 callie marks sighed as she looked at the wedding cake on the table next to hers . 
 she really wanted a piece . 
 it was from one of the best pastry kitchen 's in the city of denver . 
 chocolate marble with a mousse filling and chocolate frosting . 
 no . 
 no cake . 
 she had already eaten enough from the incredible gourmet buffet at this reception to feed an army . 
 the last thing she needed was a piece of that cake with enough calories to add a little more jiggle to her ass . 
 callie had always been what one of her nicer foster mothers had called `` curvy '' when she was a teenager . 
 callie called it what it was ... she was plump . 
 she was constantly battling with an extra fifteen pounds that she did n't need on her body and was generally defeated by the call of delicious chocolate , rich foods and scrumptious appetizers . 
 i certainly went into one of the best fields to keep my weight down . 
 i just had to be a chef . 
 she was head chef for a very highly regarded restaurant . 
 quite an accomplishment for a woman that was only twenty-seven years old . 
 she loved her job . 
 she loved to feed people . 
 there was nothing better than creating a new gastronomical delight . 
 callie pushed her plate away from her . 
 it was completely empty . 
 she sat back in her chair at the bride 's table to watch the bride and groom dance . 
 brianna cole was her best friend . 
 she had just gotten married after a whirlwind courtship to ethan hale , a rich , gorgeous and charming man . 
 they looked so incredibly happy . 
 ethan looked entirely enchanted with his beautiful , slender , blonde haired bride . 
 callie let out a long breath and tried not to feel a twinge of envy . 
 she loved brianna like a sister and wanted her happiness more than anything . 
 bri had been suffering from a rare form of leukemia that seemed to be in remission . 
 callie prayed it would n't return . 
 she still had nightmares about the dark days of brianna 's illness and trying to come to terms with losing the only person she had that was like family to her , even though they were n't blood related . 
 being even the slightest bit jealous is just selfish after what brianna has been through . 
 she deserves this fairy tale wedding and the man of her dreams . 
 callie acknowledge that she was a tiny bit selfish . 
 she just could n't help it . 
 but she was extremely happy to have her best friend happy and healthy . 
 she smoothed down the skirts of her blue maid of honor dress . 
 it was a lovely pale blue with shimmering accents of pink . 
 brianna had let her pick the style , a fact for which callie was highly grateful . 
 she had chosen a high waisted , elbow length style that would hide her plump figure . 
 callie loved the dress . 
 too bad she would probably never wear it again . 
 she frowned at the thought , reaching up to tug at a stray curl of her dark , wayward hair . 
 she had swept it up in a chignon , but it was curly and long . 
 tendrils escaped and curled around her face . 
 she had n't looked in the mirror but she was pretty sure her hair was a disaster . 
 with her dark brown eyes , hair and fair skin it was hard to detect what her origins were . 
 callie really did n't know because she was a foundling . 
 abandoned in a local park and never claimed , she was turned over to children 's services and had gone the rounds of foster parents . 
 she had never been adopted . 
 callie jumped as a large , dark hand slid a plate across the table that stopped in front of her . 
 she had been so engrossed in her thoughts that she had n't seen the man approach the table . 
 her eyes lifted to see rory hale sit down directly across from her , a piece of cake big enough to feed ten people sitting in front of him . 
 he had slid a smaller piece -- maybe only big enough to feed five people -- in front of her . 
 `` i do n't want that , '' she told him , irritated now that she had to actually stare at the pasty in front of her . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 rory cocked his head and shot her an i 'm - so-confused smile as he started eating his piece with obvious enjoyment . 
 `` it 's fantastic . '' 
 callie rolled her eyes , trying not to be charmed by the incredibly gorgeous specimen of manhood . 
 for god 's sake , did the man have to look perfect ? 
 he had eaten more in one evening than any normal man ate in a month and he still did n't look like he held one ounce of fat on his body . 
 it was disgusting . 
 still ... she tried to be polite . 
 he was brianna 's new brother-in-law . 
 `` i 'm trying not to eat sweets , rory . 
 i have to watch what i eat . '' 
 rory continued to grin as he consumed his giant sized piece of cake . 
 `` why watch it when you can eat it ? '' 
 he paused to shoot her a curious look . 
 `` how do you know that i 'm rory ? 
 liam was sitting here earlier ? '' 
 `` who else would you be ? 
 we were introduced at the rehearsal . '' 
 she shoved the piece of cake to the middle of the table as she answered . 
 `` liam and i are twins . 
 we 're identical , '' he answered , polishing off the mammoth pastry and setting his fork on the plate . 
 he stared at her curiously . 
 they were n't identical , callie mused . 
 not really . 
 although they were both incredibly handsome with their midnight black hair that just touched the back of their collar and very dark eyes , rory was just ... different . 
 yeah ... they were dressed in matching tuxedos and they looked very much alike ... but she would never mistake one for the other . 
 she shook her head as she answered , `` you are n't really exactly alike . '' 
 rory looked perplexed . 
 `` most people ca n't tell us apart . '' 
 really ? 
 liam was attractive as was his brother nathan , but rory ... was a walking temptation . 
 she looked around for liam , but did n't see him in the crowd . 
 she did n't have anything for comparison but she was doubtful she would ever confuse the two . 
 liam did n't make her edgy and nervous . 
 rory definitely did . 
 it was like she could feel the male hormones coming across the table , making her want to jump the table and attack . 
 callie crossed her arms in front of her and answered defensively , `` i just do n't think you 're alike , that 's all . '' 
 `` does that mean i 'm the handsome one ? 
 , '' he asked hopefully , smiling brightly . 
 it was strange , but he was n't flirting . 
 it was almost as if he wanted validation . 
 callie refused to give it to him . 
 his head was probably already fat enough . 
 `` no comment . '' 
 rory 's face fell . 
 `` i guess that means i 'm not . '' 
 callie searched his face for signs of conceit , but she did n't see anything except raw honesty . 
 as she took in his perfect features and glanced at his wavy mass of dark hair with one little stray strand that seemed to separate from the others , she wanted to reach out and brush it back in place . 
 come on , callie . 
 get real . 
 the guy has to know he 's incredibly gorgeous . 
 do n't feel sorry for him . 
 `` i guess not , '' she answered , feeling even guiltier when he looked even more dejected . 
 wanting to see him smile again she offered , `` have my cake . '' 
 she pushed it in front of him . 
 he pushed it back . 
 `` i know you want it . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' she answered firmly . 
 `` you do . '' 
 he started to smile again . 
 `` do n't , '' she insisted . 
 `` come on , callie . 
 you were looking at the cake table like a tiger looks at raw meat . 
 you wanted it . 
 that 's why i brought it . '' 
 oh , shit . 
 she groaned inwardly . 
 was she really that obvious . 
 `` i 'm a chef . 
 i was just checking out the competition . '' 
 `` you wanted to taste the competition . 
 admit it . '' 
 he took the plate from her and set it in front of him . 
 he took a clean fork and scooped up a bite of the irresistible confection . 
 he reached over the table and held it to her mouth . 
 she opened automatically and he dropped it in . 
 callie closed her eyes as the silky chocolate slid over her taste buds . 
 she nearly groaned . 
 it was near perfection . 
 she opened her eyes to see him holding out another bite . 
 she slid her chair back . 
 `` no rory . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 he looked perplexed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 callie was getting pissed . 
 did she need to spell it out for him ? 
 `` in case you did n't notice , i ca n't afford the calories . '' 
 rory sat back in his chair , dropping the fork back onto the plate . 
 `` i did n't notice . 
 you look fine to me . '' 
 if i looked so fine , you would be asking me for my phone number . 
 you would ask me to dance . 
 why did he have to say that with nothing but confusion and detached interest ? 
 it was n't his fault . 
 he just was n't interested . 
 callie could n't even blame it on the fact that he was attached . 
 brianna said all of the brothers were single and unattached . 
 he just did n't want her . 
 she grabbed the plate of cake and pulled it in front of her . 
 what the hell ! 
 she would be careful tomorrow . 
 rory picked up a clean flute glass and filled it with champagne , saluting her before he raised it to his lips . 
 he did n't quite smile but his lips were twitching . 
 god , he was irresistible . 
 he may not be interested , but he was sweet . 
 her instincts were telling her he was completely genuine . 
 he was certainly unusual . 
 she could see a certain insecurity in him that spoke to her . 
 she knew what that was like . 
 it did n't matter that he was outrageously attractive , charming , genuinely kind . 
 he just did n't believe he was anything special . 
 `` rory ? 
 , '' she queried softly between her luscious bites of cake . 
 `` yes , '' he answered in a low voice as he refilled his champagne and topped off hers . 
 she leaned slightly across the table , as if she were about to give away a huge secret . 
 he leaned in slightly . 
 `` you are the best looking of all of the hale brothers , '' she whispered softly , just loud enough for him to hear . 
 his smile started with his lips and moved to his eyes . 
 his whole face lit up . 
 his eyes sparkled as he leaned over and she leaned in to hear his secret . 
 `` callie ... you do n't need to lose weight . 
 you are the most ravishingly beautiful woman here . '' 
 still no interest , but his voice was sincere . 
 he might have said it matter-of-factly , but he truly meant it . 
 she blushed . 
 she tried to look another direction , embarrassed that she was blushing like an adolescent teenager . 
 when her face cooled down she sneaked a look in his direction . 
 he was watching her . 
 he lifted his champagne flute and she raised her glass to his . 
 with the clink of the glasses , a tentative friendship was born . 
 chapter 2 rory hale awoke three weeks later from his day sleep in a very good mood . 
 he sat up and stretched . 
 although vampires did n't sleep like the dead , it was almost like hibernation . 
 their breathing and heart rate were almost non-existent and nothing could bring them out of the day sleep except their mate . 
 it was a vulnerable time for any of his brethren and rory had ultra high security around his home . 
 he lived outside of the city and owned the five hundred acres of land surrounding the spacious , brick two story home . 
 his land was surrounded by tall metal fences with only one entry gate and he guarded his home with magic . 
 metal shutters plunged the house into total darkness at daybreak . 
 he rolled out of bed completely naked , his c ** k completely flaccid . 
 he had n't had to worry about a wake up erection for three hundred years . 
 he had lost all sexual function hundreds of years ago after he passed the age of one hundred . 
 he was four hundred now . 
 he did n't even remember what it felt like to have a stiff dick in the morning . 
 he used his magic to trigger the metal shutters to open , taking in the tranquility of the night . 
 it was a perfect late spring evening , unseasonably warm , and he could smell the profusion of flowers that surrounded his house and garden . 
 the crickets were chirping merrily and loudly . 
 he was tempted to linger at the large window , but he stepped into the bathroom and flipped on his large walk-in shower . 
 he put his head back , letting the massaging jet flow over his body . 
 vampires could clean themselves , but rory loved the feel of water . 
 as he soaped his muscular body his hand ran over his mating mark . 
 he covered it with magic most of the time and did n't see it very often , but now he stared at it , wondering what had ever become of his mate . 
 the mark was an intricate dragon , no larger than a half dollar . 
 his brothers had similar marks as it was their family marking , but each one had some subtle variations , making it unique to each brother . 
 as he surveyed the mark he was hit by a twinge of loneliness . 
 he wished he knew why his mate had never called him . 
 ethan had warned all of the brothers to not give up hope . 
 ethan suspected that the reason he was so late getting to brianna was because he was no longer open to listening for her . 
 he had thrown in the towel and become resigned to the fact that his mating possibilities were gone . 
 rory covered the marking with his magic , sighing as he rinsed the soap from his body . 
 he did n't want to give up hope . 
 he tried to stay open to possibilities . 
 but it was highly unlikely that his mate would show up after all of these years . 
 as he stepped out of the shower and toweled himself off he remembered the agony ethan had gone through after he had found brianna . 
 did he really want to go through that ? 
 hell yeah ... he would . 
 finding his mate would be extraordinary . 
 the one that was born for him . 
 the guardian of his soul . 
 what would it be like to be that connected to a woman ? 
 he was lonely . 
 that was probably why he was so happy to be going to brianna and ethan 's for dinner tonight . 
 he loved seeing brianna . 
 and he would see callie . 
 ethan was doing barbecue , but callie was making all of the side dishes . 
 it was guaranteed to be a wonderful dinner . 
 rory loved ethan 's mate brianna . 
 she fussed over all of the brothers and that was something his brother nathan had n't had since their parent 's demise four hundred years ago . 
 he and liam had never known that feeling at all . 
 he and liam had been babies but ethan and nathan remembered the fallen attack that had taken their parents . 
 their parents had sacrificed their own lives for their children . 
 when the group of fallen had gotten past their parent 's magic protecting their home , they had transported their children away and left them with friends before transporting back to their home to confront the fallen . 
 it had bought enough time that the fallen could n't follow their trail straight to the children . 
 nathan still hated his father 's friends to this day for not letting him return to help their parents . 
 rory was grateful . 
 had nathan returned he would have been dead along with his parents . 
 it had taken a gathering of ten ancients to destroy the band of fallen ... and not without casualties . 
 they had lost three ancients in that fight . 
 nathan had gladly joined the coalition and rory knew he took great pleasure in destroying the fallen . 
 nathan 's hatred for the fallen was nearly an obsession . 
 rory paused in the middle of his bedroom , debating how to dress himself . 
 he frowned , wondering why he cared . 
 his usual attire was jeans , a t-shirt and black leather boots . 
 he never really thought about it . 
 but callie would be there . 
 he grudgingly admitted that he liked her . 
 he liked her . 
 he could n't feel physical desire for any women , but he wanted to impress her . 
 there was just ... something about her . 
 they had only run into each other a few times at ethan 's , but they had somehow become friends . 
 he saw her ... and she saw him . 
 they were like kindred spirits who understood each other . 
 he wanted her to like him , trust him . 
 she looks at me like i 'm someone special . 
 rory had never been special . 
 his twin was a healer with extraordinary power . 
 and rory ... was just the twin . 
 he did n't envy his brother . 
 being a healer took enormous dedication and it was a huge weight on liam 's shoulders . 
 but liam was special and sometimes rory wished that he could be seen for himself instead of just being the other twin . 
 he was proud of liam . 
 he admired him . 
 they were extremely close because they were twins . 
 but sometimes ... just sometimes ... he felt eclipsed by liam . 
 that was why he valued callie 's friendship . 
 she never looked at liam the way she looked at him . 
 she did n't talk to liam or nathan in the same way . 
 he clothed himself in an expensive suit . 
 nope . 
 looks like i 'm trying too hard . 
 he tried casual pants and a silk shirt with a thick gold chain . 
 christ ! 
 i look like a pimp . 
 okay ... nice black designer jeans . 
 armani polo shirt . 
 italian leather casual shoes . 
 rolex watch . 
 not bad . 
 better than my usual . 
 i 'll go with it . 
 rory laughed at himself as he grabbed his car keys and let himself into the garage . 
 he could hardly transport himself into ethan 's house with callie there . 
 besides , he liked driving . 
 he slid into his loaded navigator , loving the smell and feel of the custom leather seats . 
 the big four wheel drive was appropriate for winter in the rocky mountains and rory liked the space . 
 he need it to comfortably accommodate his body . 
 he pulled out of the garage and secured the house as he pulled out of the front gate . 
 as he entered the private road that would take him to the main highway he started whistling a current tune . 
 callie 's favorite song . 
 he pushed the accelerator . 
 ethan 's home was a twenty five minute drive . 
 maybe he could make it in fifteen . 
 ****** callie had arrived at brianna and ethan 's sprawling ranch home over an hour ago . 
 she had brought some side dishes with her and some she was currently rushing around bri 's kitchen preparing . 
 she had made the banana cream pies in advance and they were currently chilling in the fridge . 
 rory 's favorite . 
 shit ! 
 could she stop thinking about rory ? 
 he was not for her . 
 he was too handsome , too compelling ... too everything . 
 he had no interest in her ... but she liked him . 
 and she knew he liked her . 
 they could talk . 
 he had no sexual interest in her , but there was ... something . 
 some kind of connection . 
 they had n't really seen each other all that much , but when they did they were able to talk like old friends . 
 he gave her his undivided attention . 
 he seemed to hang on her every word . 
 but the sexual attraction was missing . 
 on his side anyway . 
 personally , she would like to jump his bones and have him a million different ways . 
 unfortunately , the feeling was n't mutual . 
 she did n't feel that desire on his side , and he seemed oblivious to hers . 
 as she finished off her special chef 's salad she sighed . 
 the man did n't have any vanity and she could n't figure that out . 
 he could act cocky at times , but it was a facade . 
 she felt the insecurity hiding deep within the man . 
 brianna came breezing into the kitchen looking breathless . 
 ethan had caught her again . 
 she had that glassy eyed , swollen lips look of a woman that had just been kissed senseless . 
 she and ethan could n't seem to keep their hands off of each other . 
 `` how 's it coming ? '' 
 brianna asked brightly . 
 too brightly . 
 `` fine , bri . 
 ethan catch you again ? '' 
 callie laughed lightly as she watched bri 's face flush . 
 `` he 's wicked sometimes . 
 but i have to admit i do n't try very hard to get away . '' 
 bri winked at her and opened the refrigerator , taking out a pitcher of margaritas . 
 she pulled three glasses from the freezer . 
 `` i think it 's cocktail time . '' 
 `` can i ask you something , bri , '' callie questioned hesitantly . 
 `` ask away , '' bri answered as she filled the glasses with frozen margaritas . 
 `` i was wondering ... is rory g * y ? '' 
 bri was just starting to take a sip of her drink and nearly choked on it . 
 `` rory ? 
 oh god , no . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 callie picked up her drink and took a swallow , savoring the fruity taste . 
 `` nothing . 
 i just wondered . '' 
 scratch that thought . 
 he 's perfectly straight and just not interested . 
 `` callie , are you interested in rory ? '' 
 bri cocked her head and gave her a curious look . 
 `` no , no . 
 not at all . 
 i was just curious . 
 i mean ... i like him . 
 he 's really nice . 
 but i know there 's no interest there for him , '' she answered . 
 she tried to hide her blushing cheeks from bri . 
 bri studied callie for a moment before replying carefully . 
 `` listen hon. . . 
 things are complicated with rory . 
 with all of the brothers . 
 it is n't you . '' 
 `` you do n't have to make excuses , bri . 
 this is me . 
 your bff . 
 you do n't have to sugar coat the excuses . 
 i 'm used to men not being interested , '' callie answered , her arms crossing in front of her . 
 bri grabbed her shoulders and shook her gently . 
 `` you 're a beautiful woman , callie . 
 inside and out . 
 i wish you would realize that . 
 any man would be lucky to have you . '' 
 bri looked her straight in the eye before adding , `` i repeat ... it is not you . '' 
 `` it 's nothing , bri . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 it was just curiosity . '' 
 callie broke away from bri as she spoke , turning back to her vegetables on the stove . 
 `` he does like you , callie . 
 he asks about you all of the time . 
 it is n't lack of interest ... it 's just ... '' bri paused as if looking for the right words . 
 `` shit , callie . 
 it 's really complicated , '' bri finished sounding exasperated and frustrated . 
 callie was relieved when the conversation was interrupted by a booming voice . 
 `` did you make my pies ? '' 
 rory . 
 she turned from the stove to watch him enter the kitchen . 
 oh lord , he looked good enough to eat for dinner . 
 she 'd gladly give up the food if she could have a piece of him . 
 she answered lightly . 
 `` of course . 
 i got your message from bri . '' 
 he smiled brightly , making her heart flip flop . 
 he grabbed a frozen glass from the freezer and helped himself to the drinks . 
 `` how are you , callie ? 
 , he asked with genuine interest as bri went forward and hugged him hard and without hesitation . 
 bri gave him a loud smack on the cheek . 
 `` good . 
 except i spent the morning in the kitchen making your banana cream pies from scratch . 
 it 's supposed to be my day off , '' she teased him lightly . 
 he shrugged and raised his brow , pinning her with his eyes . 
 `` it 's your fault . 
 you brought them last time and now i 'm going through withdrawals . '' 
 bri released rory and gave him the once over . 
 `` you look nice tonight , rory . '' 
 rory blew off the comment by replying . 
 `` not as nice as you two . '' 
 bri did look stunning in her red capri pants and a bright red and blue patterned spaghetti strap top . 
 she had on a pair of strappy sandals that showcased her slim calves . 
 callie had tried hard . 
 she had on a yellow sundress with capped sleeves and a pair of white sandals , however , most of her was currently covered by a full apron that she wore while she was cooking . 
 her long , thick hair was pulled back with a yellow hair tie that left the mass of dark brown curls trailing down her neck . 
 she quickly took the apron off . 
 she was almost done and it looked horrible with her yellow sundress . 
 callie put it gently on the kitchen chair , trying not to be obvious that she wanted to look better . 
 `` charmer ! '' 
 bri picked up her drink and grabbed up the extra one in her other hand . 
 `` i guess i should go give my husband his drink . 
 he 's is slaving over the barbecue . 
 are you coming out to see ethan , '' bri asked rory as she made her way across the kitchen . 
 `` i 'll be out in a few minutes , bri . '' 
 `` okay . 
 take your time . 
 we 'll be on the patio . '' 
 bri 's voice trailed off as she exited the kitchen . 
 rory picked up his drink again and came to lean against the counter that was only a few feet from callie . 
 `` do you need any help ? '' 
 oh god . 
 she could smell him . 
 he smelled so ... male . 
 she was n't sure what scent he used , but it drove her crazy . 
 she tried to keep her distance as much as possible . 
 `` nope , everything is under control . 
 if ethan does n't burn the steaks , everything will be perfect . '' 
 `` everything will be perfect regardless . 
 you 're here . 
 i 've really missed talking to you . '' 
 his voice was casual but genuine . 
 damn it . 
 i hate it when he says things like that . 
 flustered , callie dropped the spoon into the pan of sauce and went to retrieve it without thinking . 
 she hissed as the hot sauce burned her hand . 
 she quickly pulled the sauce off of the heat and went around rory to get to the sink . 
 she turned on the cold water and let it run over her fingers . 
 it burned , but she was used to worse . 
 it was a just a tiny minor burn to her two fingers . 
 `` callie , are you okay . 
 did you burn yourself ? '' 
 rory 's voice was full of concern . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 it was a stupid thing to do . 
 it 's just a tiny burn . 
 it happens a lot in my profession . '' 
 she left the water running over her fingers , the burn already easing . 
 rory came to the sink , his eyes full of concern as she looked up at him . 
 and then it happened . 
 he reached out his hand to bring her hand out of the water to look at it , lifting her it out of the water gently ... and all hell broke loose . 
 chapter 3 rory never knew what hit him . 
 one moment he was reaching for callie 's hand and the next thing he knew his whole body was on fire . 
 mine ! 
 his mating mark burned as he held callie 's small hand in his larger one . 
 he looked at her and saw his destiny . 
 his mate . 
 his woman . 
 his body burned and his c ** k was rock hard , ready to claim her ... now ! 
 she was so beautiful . 
 so ... his . 
 he pulled her into his arms and brought her warm , feminine body into his . 
 he claimed her mouth , swooping down , needing to brand her , needing to possess her . 
 her mouth was warm and opened under his persistent embrace . 
 his primitive instincts rejoiced in her surrender . 
 he put his hand behind her head and pulled her mouth tighter against his . 
 he captured her tongue and started a slide in and out of her mouth as he wanted to do with his cock . 
 he did n't know how long he kissed her . 
 he kept moving positions , conquering her mouth from every angle . 
 his hands moved possessively over her body , grasping her rear and pulling it hard against his hot , throbbing member . 
 i need to be inside of her . 
 i need to have her . 
 she 's mine . 
 i need to make her moan with pleasure . 
 i need her to want me . 
 his thoughts were fractured , his actions instinctive . 
 he pulled up her light sundress , needing to feel her moist center . 
 she felt so perfect , so warm , so female . 
 his hands slid over her panties , cupping her ass . 
 he lifted her and sat her on the kitchen table , his mouth never stopping his relentless assault . 
 callie was moaning into his mouth , her arms wrapped around his neck . 
 he demanded and she responded . 
 rory could sense her desire , her need . 
 he needed to satiate her . 
 his need . 
 her need . 
 they both pounded into him hard . 
 he ran one of his hands along her thighs , stroking her soft skin . 
 his other hand went to her generous , perfect br ** sts . 
 he needed to feel her soft skin . 
 he grabbed the neck of the dress and pulled . 
 the buttons gave way and the dress opened down the front . 
 he did n't bother to look for a clasp for her bra . 
 it was n't that tight so he yanked it up to free her br ** sts . 
 his hand roamed over both br ** sts , touching every inch of the soft flesh . 
 his fingers pinched and caressed her ni ** les . 
 his other hand slid to her hot core , delving under panties . 
 she 's hot and wet . 
 ready to be taken . 
 he pulled his mouth from hers . 
 `` open , '' he demanded , needing to touch her . 
 she responded by spreading her legs . 
 his fingers immediately dipped into her soft , dewey center . 
 he laid her back on the table and brought his mouth to her br ** sts . 
 `` rory . '' 
 she moaned his name with passion and it sent him into a frenzy . 
 he needed to satisfy her needs . 
 he wanted to watch her climax . 
 for him . 
 only for him . 
 he yanked her panties down her legs and they fell to her ankles . 
 he lifted her dress to her waist , baring her to his gaze . 
 he spread her legs open and buried his fingers into her slick , wet heat . 
 he continued to lave and nip her br ** sts as his fingers worked her cunt . 
 he slipped two fingers into her needy channel , filling her . 
 he used his other hand to roughly slide along her clit . 
 he knew he was sweating . 
 the droplets were pouring from his face and dropping onto her br ** sts . 
 he did n't care . 
 all he wanted was to watch her cum . 
 she was groaning , her head thrashing back and forth . 
 he panted as one hand worked her channel , the other working her clit . 
 she was so slick that his fingers glided easily and he picked up the pace , her need becoming his . 
 his fingers were coordinated , slamming into her aching opening and working her sensitive bud in sync . 
 she was going to cum . 
 he lifted his mouth from her br ** sts as he watched her . 
 christ ... she was beautiful . 
 some of her hair had worked itself free and silky strands tangled around her face . 
 she was biting her lip , her eyes closed . 
 she was laid out on the table , open for him to give her pleasure . 
 she looked like the finest feast he had ever seen . 
 he felt her climax start . 
 it pulsed over his fingers , clenching the two in her channel hard . 
 she arched her back as she murmured his name over and over . 
 he was tempted to cover her and f ** k her just like this , but he was mesmerized in watching and feeling her find her release . 
 he did n't stop his persistent fingers from their assault and she continued to climax , helpless to stop it . 
 as he felt the contractions subside he pulled her up and into his arms . 
 her arms clasp around him like a vice . 
 she panted , `` rory , oh god . 
 that 's never happened before . 
 not like that . '' 
 he held her tightly , fighting with his instincts . 
 mine ! 
 he continued to hold her trembling body . 
 he could feel her hot breath against his neck as she recovered . 
 he fought his instincts to take her . 
 he needed her . 
 he wanted her soft and warm beneath him . 
 he wanted that channel accepting his hard cock . 
 this woman was his . 
 his mate . 
 `` rory , what the hell happened ? 
 , '' she asked him softly , her voice shakey as she pulled away from him . 
 he knew his eyes were burning with desire and longing . 
 he let her see it , become aware of it . 
 when she pulled away he nearly growled . 
 she slid off of the table and pulled her panties back up . 
 she smoothed down her dress . 
 she pulled her bra down , frowning at the ripped buttons of her dress . 
 she held the top together with one hand . 
 she was afraid . 
 rory could feel it , sense it and he could see the fear in her eyes . 
 her eyes raked over him . 
 he knew he looked wild . 
 he struggled for control , barely able to keep from reaching for again and taking her . 
 but he did n't like seeing her afraid . 
 do n't be scared . 
 please do n't be scared . 
 he reached for her with his mind . 
 he knew she could hear him . 
 they had already touched . 
 the mental intimacy would be there . 
 she did n't answer . 
 her hands shook as her eyes landed on his mating mark . 
 as soon as he had touched her the mark had been revealed . 
 his magic could no longer cover it . 
 she stared at it , terror in her eyes . 
 she took one last look at him and fled , grabbing her purse and her keys and started running for the door . 
 `` no ! 
 callie ! 
 , '' his voice was loud and desperate . 
 she was running from him . 
 he could n't ever let her get away . 
 he sprinted after her . 
 he nearly caught her at the door . 
 he would have caught her ... if he had n't been restrained by three sets of strong hands holding him back . 
 nathan , liam and ethan tugged at him . 
 he snarled at them , but they held him fast . 
 he struggled to get away . 
 he needed to get to callie . 
 she could n't go . 
 callie was already out the door like her ass was on fire , leaving the door wide open . 
 she ran to her car , never looking back . 
 rory struggled to get out of his sibling 's hold as he watched her drive away . 
 `` callie . 
 come back . '' 
 his voice was anguished and he almost broke away from the restraining hands , so desperate was his need for her . 
 he dropped to his knees but his brothers retained their hold . 
 everything inside of him needed to find her . 
 needed to possess her . 
 his brothers dragged him to the couch bodily , dropping him , but never releasing their hold . 
 `` rory , '' ethan barked sharply . 
 `` you ca n't chase the woman down like a hound after a rabbit . 
 what the hell happened ? '' 
 he sat on the couch , his breath still coming hard and fast . 
 `` mine . 
 my mate . '' 
 `` oh , shit . 
 callie ? '' 
 ethan frowned as he loosened his hold and looked up at bri who had just entered the room with a concerned look on her face . 
 rory knew that bri and ethan were conversing silently ... but he did n't care . 
 `` calm down , rory . 
 we need to talk about this . 
 if you flee ... i 'll catch you , '' nathan threatened . 
 rory knew nathan could and he would . 
 he was two hundred years older and more powerful . 
 rory took some deep breaths , feeling his brothers release their hold . 
 he still wanted to go after callie , but he was regaining some common sense . 
 ethan was right . 
 she was already scared . 
 he could n't go after her like a maniac stalker . 
 `` ethan , you found your mate . '' 
 liam spoke , his voice full of joy and awe . 
 as he calmed down , rory was rather in awe himself . 
 callie was his mate . 
 brianna came to sit beside him on the couch , nudging her husband out of her way . 
 ethan moved so that brianna could sit between them . 
 the other two brothers flopped into two of the living room chairs . 
 `` callie looked upset . 
 what happened , rory ? '' 
 brianna 's soft voice calmed him . 
 she brushed back a stray lock of his hair . 
 he had lost control and attacked her best friend . 
 he could hardly tell her that and he felt ashamed . 
 not only was callie his mate but he respected her . 
 he answered cautiously , `` she burned herself . 
 i took her hand to look at it and i. . . 
 lost it . '' 
 his voice was hoarse . 
 `` i 've never touched her before . 
 i did n't realize . '' 
 brianna sighed . 
 `` she 'll understand , rory ... eventually . 
 but callie lives in the real world . 
 it wo n't be easy for her to accept that there is another world apart from the one she lives in . 
 she 's had a hard life . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 rory was curious now . 
 he pushed his mating instincts down , interested in knowing everything about callie . 
 brianna looked hesitant . 
 after a moment she replied , `` it really is n't my place to tell you much about callie . 
 but there are a few things you should know . 
 she 'll have to tell you the details herself once she trusts you . 
 her childhood and teen years were tough . 
 she was abandoned as a baby . 
 she never knew her parents . 
 she was transferred from foster home to foster home . 
 she wants security . 
 she needs security . '' 
 `` i 'll give her security . 
 i 'll give her a home that she can be in forever . 
 anything she needs or wants is hers . '' 
 rory answered firmly . 
 he would wrap her in security . 
 `` she has other needs other than just financial security , rory . 
 she has abandoned child syndrome . 
 she 's suffered with it for years . 
 she 's done her best to overcome it ... and she 's getting there . 
 but she needs people around her that care about her . 
 she thinks nobody wants her . 
 she does n't feel desirable or attractive . 
 she blames herself for the fact that she was never adopted . '' 
 brianna finished , obviously done revealing all of the information she felt comfortable disclosing about her best friend . 
 rory gaped at brianna as she finished . 
 his sweet , adorable callie . 
 how could she think that nobody wanted her ? 
 he had wanted to be around her even before he had found out she was his mate . 
 it was n't that he doubted what brianna said was true . 
 brianna had been a social worker before she had mated with ethan . 
 she knew about these things . 
 she had also been friends with callie since childhood . 
 his heart ached for her . 
 he knew what it was like to want to be special . 
 it was hard knowing that his mate had suffered so much , had her confidence eroded by years of rejection . 
 `` you need to be careful , rory . 
 she 's vulnerable . 
 she may not act like it . 
 she 's become a master at hiding her emotions , '' brianna warned him with a frown . 
 `` i know your mating instincts are strong but you are going to have to go slow . 
 she 's not going to believe you at first . '' 
 rory nodded his head , `` i know . '' 
 `` but you need to convince her , rory . 
 i ca n't see her go through what i did . 
 i love her . 
 she 's like the sister i never had , '' brianna voice choked with tears . 
 ethan reached for brianna 's hand , comforting her silently . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about him pushing things too far . 
 it wo n't happen unless she calls him to her . '' 
 nathan 's baritone cut through the silence , powerful and filled with a slight bit of amusement . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 rory demanded , irritated at his brother 's amusement . 
 `` he means you can touch her as long as she is enjoying it , but you ca n't have intercourse unless she calls you to her . '' 
 liam answered , talking in a clinical voice . 
 `` it 's true . 
 the woman has the ultimate choice . 
 she has to ask you to come . 
 literally . '' 
 ethan choked back a laugh as he answered . 
 brianna smacked ethan on the arm with a frown . 
 she obviously had n't appreciated his joke . 
 `` but we almost did . 
 i almost did . '' 
 ethan answered , confused . 
 `` if you had come close enough to initiating it ... '' nathan held his index finger straight up and let it droop down with an evil smile . 
 damn . 
 he had been clueless to that mating fact . 
 ethan took pity on him . 
 probably because he had been through it himself . 
 `` before the act can be completed , she has to call you to her . 
 she will call with her subconscious mind while she is asleep . '' 
 ethan grinned wickedly . 
 `` in the meantime ... you 'll think you 're in hell . 
 you wo n't want any other men around her , talking to her , touching her . '' 
 okay ... maybe ethan was n't that sympathetic . 
 rory cursed himself for the way he had pulled ethan 's chain with brianna when ethan had been ruled by mating instincts . 
 `` what should i do now . '' 
 rory was talking to himself but spoke out loud . 
 brianna put a hand on his shoulder and suggested softly . 
 `` go home , rory . 
 i 'll talk to her . 
 just do n't push too hard . '' 
 he got up from the couch and pulled his keys from his pocket . 
 his body burned and his c ** k was still hard . 
 every instinct he had was commanding him to go to callie , but he did n't . 
 he wanted more than to f ** k her . 
 he wanted her as a real mate . 
 he left without a word . 
 he swung into the seat of his suv with only one subject on his mind . 
 driving home was one of the hardest things he had ever done . 
 chapter 4 he sent flowers until she could open her own shop . 
 he called her on her cell phone . 
 he called her with his mind , speaking to her although she never answered . 
 thank god he had n't come to her door . 
 she might have let him in . 
 he was hard enough to resist when she could n't see him . 
 she was n't sure she could ignore him if he was standing in front of her . 
 callie stirred the soup she was making on the stove and let it continue to simmer . 
 she had been cooking for days . 
 she cooked after work , on her days off and any time she was feeling confused . 
 that was was pretty much continuously , unless she was sleeping . 
 she had every tupperware container she owned full of food . 
 her freezer was full , but her mind was still in turmoil . 
 she could clean ... but she had already done that too . 
 her small one bedroom apartment was so immaculate that she did n't think she could find a speck of dust . 
 god ... she was a mess . 
 she flopped onto her couch and picked up a novel she had been anxious to read before the scene with rory . 
 now she could n't keep her mind focused on it . 
 it had been two weeks since the incident with rory had happened at the barbecue . 
 the only person she had seen outside of work was bri . 
 she had been over to talk to callie a few times . 
 she still could n't believe the fantastic stories bri told her about the brothers and their origins . 
 vampires ? 
 really ? 
 bri had been so matter-of-fact and she had hated to doubt her words . 
 they had been best friends since they were in grade school . 
 it all seemed too unbelievable . 
 she had seen bri 's marking and nearly caved in . 
 it was so similar to the one on her left buttock . 
 callie was born with the marking as far as she knew . 
 she had gotten her name because of the mark that had covered her entire butt cheek when she was a baby . 
 callista marks . 
 she was n't sure what fanciful person suggested that name , but it fit . 
 the marking was beautiful . 
 could she really believe that she held rory 's soul ? 
 that she had been the guardian of his soul since her birth . 
 the whole story was inconceivable and incredible . 
 yet , it was not . 
 she did n't have any rationalization for what was happening . 
 the matching marks , the mind speak . 
 how could she explain it ? 
 damn it . 
 she dealt in facts . 
 however , so much of what brianna told her did make sense . 
 bri explained her mysterious leukemia . 
 the doctors certainly could n't explain bri 's quick turn around . 
 callie wanted to believe bri 's version . 
 that would mean her best friend would never have to fear the disease returning . 
 callie shuddered . 
 if the fantastic explanation was true it meant that callie would suffer the same fate soon . 
 she was a year and a half younger than bri , but it would n't be long . 
 she closed the book and put it on the side table next to the couch . 
 she could n't read . 
 her mind would n't focus . 
 she laid on the couch . 
 waiting . 
 the sun was setting and rory would start talking soon . 
 he never gave up . 
 he spoke to her like she was there . 
 he told her about his life , about the vampire culture . 
 whatever was on his mind ... he shared with her . 
 she never answered , but she heard him . 
 the only time he closed his mind was when he was doing his work with the coalition . 
 he did n't want her tainted by the violence . 
 just the sound of his voice in her mind made her long for him . 
 she could feel his desire . 
 his longing . 
 she had already wanted him , but now she needed him with a yearning that almost tore her apart . 
 tears flowed down her cheeks . 
 she had never had anyone who saw her as special except for bri . 
 she realized rory always had . 
 she had thought because he had n't felt physical desire for her that she was undesirable when the truth was that he just was n't capable . 
 every other action had showed her that he liked her . 
 truly liked her as a person . 
 could it be true that she was his mate ? 
 that she belonged with him ? 
 she almost believed it . 
 she wanted to believe it . 
 her mind wandered often to the night of the barbecue . 
 her body heated and she moaned . 
 she could n't think about that night without touching herself , imagining it was rory mastering her body . 
 he had given her more pleasure without even making love to her than she had ever felt in her few experiences with sexual relations . 
 what would it be like to make love with such a man ? 
 she could see the vulnerabilities that rory tried to hide from others , but he was still a dominant alpha male . 
 he had no insecurities in the love making department . 
 he had been wild with desire and knew exactly how to make her mindless . 
 it had been exciting and a little terrifying all at once . 
 it was her own emotions that had overwhelmed her and made her run . 
 that , and the marking . 
 it had shocked and confused her so badly that she had needed to retreat , figure out what all of it meant . 
 good evening , callie . 
 rory . 
 he was awake . 
 his low baritone voice flowed into her mind like fine wine , intoxicating and delicious . 
 what are you doing tonight , love . 
 it 's friday . 
 you have tomorrow off . 
 i know you 're probably awake . 
 i 'm getting into the shower . 
 callie knew he always got into the shower after he woke . 
 she imagined him naked , hot water caressing his incredible body . 
 she could n't stand it . 
 she was wearing a night shirt that made it easy to slide her hand into her panties . 
 `` i wish i was there . '' 
 she answered him aloud but she knew he could hear her in her mind . 
 she was weak . 
 she needed him so badly . 
 she had missed him . 
 total silence greeted her as she slid her fingers along her wet slit , teasing herself . 
 callie , are you all right . 
 his voice was full of concern . 
 no , she was n't all right . 
 she was burning hot and out of control . 
 she spread her legs and delved into her pu ** y . 
 she slid her fingers the entire length of her aching cunt , circling her clit . 
 `` i 'm touching myself . 
 imagining you in the shower . 
 i ca n't help myself . 
 i 'm thinking about the night of the barbecue . '' 
 she answered him , unable to stop now that she had started . 
 she heard him growl , a low tortured sound that she felt roll through her entire body . 
 let me come sate you , callie . 
 please . 
 i need to . 
 you are my mate . 
 i can feel your need . 
 and you are feeling some of mine . 
 i 'm sorry , callie . 
 i try to contain it . 
 i woke up hard . 
 i was thinking of you . 
 i was palming my cock . 
 she was n't sure anything could sate her . 
 she felt like she was in perpetual heat . 
 she rolled her hips up and her fingers caressed her clit . 
 `` oh god . 
 come to me naked , rory . 
 i need to see you . '' 
 she had no more said the words and rory was there . 
 he was dry but gloriously nude . 
 the breath left her body as she saw him standing beside the couch , watching her . 
 his eyes were wild and needy as he watched her touching herself , trying to relieve her burning body . 
 she knew she was looking at him the same way . 
 his body was perfect , all rippling muscle and golden skin . 
 his c ** k was hard and ... gigantic . 
 he scooped her up , taking her hand away , stopping her from touching herself . 
 `` no , '' she cried out , needing the stimulation to her clit , as he started walking toward her bedroom . 
 he found the bathroom first and detoured . 
 `` i satisfy my mate . 
 you have no need to do it yourself . '' 
 he sounded demanding and possessive as he pulled her nightshirt over her head . 
 he pulled it off and dropped it to the floor , leaving her only in her tiny panties . 
 he groaned as he put her hands over her head and pushed her against the bathroom wall . 
 he held her wrists with one hand over her head while his head dipped down to tease her br ** sts . 
 `` you are so beautiful , callie . '' 
 his comment was muffled as he devoured her , biting and stroking her nipple with his tongue and teeth . 
 his other hand slipped to her other breast , pinching and stroking . 
 she writhed as he toyed with her br ** sts , his touch making her more out of control . 
 he stopped and kneeled , jerking her panties down her legs . 
 she stepped out them , leaving her completely naked . 
 she did n't have a chance to worry about her body being exposed . 
 being plump most of her life had left her shy about being nude in front of anyone . 
 but the burning , intense look in rory 's eyes made her sizzle . 
 `` you 're f ** king perfect , '' his voice was husky , dripping with need . 
 he lifted her like she was petite . 
 he turned the shower on with his magic and brought her inside . 
 he lowered her to her feet and wrapped her tightly in his arms . 
 his mouth cover hers in a kiss that sucked her breath from her body . 
 he pinned her to the wall , his body covering her , pressing her against the tile , now warm from the hot water . 
 his mouth took hers with intensity . 
 it was a kiss of desperation , of possession . 
 his tongue stroked hers roughly as his hands molded her body , touching her everywhere . 
 she groaned into his mouth , needing him , needing more . 
 as though he sensed her need he brought his hands to her br ** sts and kneaded them , sending a jolt straight between her legs . 
 his mouth left hers and wandered down her body . 
 he lifted her leg to the ledge . 
 it was high and it spread her legs wide . 
 as he lowered his body so that he was kneeling before her , she could feel the hot spray of water caressing her skin . 
 he filled his hands with her creamy body wash and ran the silky fluid over the inside of her thighs as he dipped his head between her legs . 
 sensation overwhelmed her and she moaned his name . 
 his mouth covering her aching cunt , his tongue invading her . 
 he had perfect access with her leg hitched high on the ledge . 
 she was open and exposed . 
 his hands continued gliding over her thighs , the lather making it a continuous erotic slide . 
 his tongue lapped , sliding through her soaking pu ** y , spearing into her hot channel . 
 he buried his face , his tongue f ** king her , his teeth abrading her clit as he tipped his head back for full access . 
 her hands slapped against the tile , trying to gain purchase as sensation whirled through her body . 
 it was so much ... so much . 
 `` rory , '' she panted his name , her senses out of control . 
 his lathered hands slid up to ass , stroking the globes roughly as his tongue slid to her sensitive clit , laving and nipping . 
 he gripped her ass and pulled her snug against his mouth , his tongue tight against her aching bud . 
 he flicked and laved hard and fast . 
 she felt like she was whirling , the vertigo making her grab for something solid . 
 her hands landed on rory 's shoulders , clutching him to keep from falling . 
 `` yes , rory , yes . 
 make me cum . 
 please . '' 
 she was screaming as she threw her head back . 
 she knew she was begging , but she did n't care . 
 this man had total possession of her body and she needed him to give her release . 
 he took one of his hands off her ass , holding her securely with the other . 
 he slid two of his large fingers into her empty cunt , sliding into her begging hole smoothly . 
 his fingers filled her , starting a furious rhythm that matched his tongue . 
 faster and faster . 
 harder and harder . 
 so much stimulation . 
 too much stimulation . 
 the pounding of the hot water on her br ** sts . 
 rory 's tongue attacking her clit , rory 's fingers f ** king her hard . 
 her climax plowed over her . 
 she arched her back and screamed as the pulsations exploded through her body . 
 rory did n't stop . 
 he continued his perpetual pleasure , drawing her orgasm out , making her body blow apart . 
 when he finally rose , she was shaking from head to toe . 
 he positioned her in front of him , letting her feel the full force of the water flowing over her body . 
 he held her tightly to him , her back to his front . 
 she could feel his breathing , coming hard and fast , his chest heaving . 
 he lifted her out of the shower and grabbed a big , fluffy towel from the rack beside the shower . 
 the water shut off without anyone touching the handles of the shower . 
 she was dazed and a little dizzy . 
 he held her up with an arm around her waist as he dried her . 
 as he picked her up and carried her to the bedroom callie could feel him trembling . 
 he was breathing hard , but it was n't from exertion . 
 she knew he was trying to gain control . 
 she had learned much from bri and she knew how he was feeling . 
 she could feel some of his tension , his wanting , although she had just been completely sated . 
 he tucked her into bed , kissing her tenderly . 
 `` i have to go , callie , '' he croaked as he turned from the bed . 
 callie 's heart ached . 
 she knew he was feeling tortured , but she did n't want him to go . 
 `` stay with me , '' she whispered . 
 it was selfish , but she wanted him here . 
 she would feel so lonely without him . 
 his expression tortured , rory turned back toward the bed . 
 chapter 5 ethan was right ... he did feel like he was in hell . 
 he had felt that way since he had first touched his mate , but this situation was the worst . 
 he could n't deny his mate . 
 if she wanted him , he would stay . 
 he wanted to stay . 
 his heart felt like it was being ripped out of his chest . 
 his intense loneliness and desire to be at her side consumed him when he was without her . 
 his burning desire to possess her nearly killed him when he was with her . 
 he was completely f ** ked either way . 
 pleasing his mate was a compulsion . 
 he did n't want to leave her . 
 he wanted to be with her . 
 `` if you do n't want to ... i understand , rory . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she was biting her lip and the look of raw vulnerability in her eyes made his chest ache . 
 he slid into the bed , pulling her naked , warm body against him . 
 `` it is n't that i do n't want to , callie . 
 i want to be with you every minute . 
 it nearly killed me not to hear your voice for the last few weeks . 
 it 's just ... '' his voice trailed off , low and soft . 
 `` i know we ca n't have sex . 
 bri explained it . 
 i have n't called you to me . '' 
 she snuggled up against his powerful chest . 
 `` you will , callie . '' 
 she had to ... or he would go insane . 
 she went silent and rory could feel her slow , even breathing against his neck . 
 he needed to feed . 
 satiating callie had taken a slight edge off of his insanity because her need was n't pounding at him , but he had come to her before he had fed . 
 it would help to be at full strength . 
 mature vampires could go a week without feeding , but being in the mating process and not being able to claim his mate had taken a lot of energy . 
 he fed at least once a day to keep his beast at bay . 
 he slid slowly from the bed , hating the loss of her warm , silky body against his . 
 he heard her moan lightly , reaching for him . 
 he slid a fluffy pillow into her arms and she clutched it and settled back into sleep . 
 he took one last longing look at her sleeping peacefully before he removed himself to a darker area of denver . 
 it was a place where creatures , human and immortal , roamed the night with no good intentions . 
 he found his source quickly , feeding from the drug dealer without remorse . 
 he wiped his mind clean , leaving the man with nothing but a dazed look . 
 he flashed back to callie 's apartment . 
 as he stood at the side of the bed he felt a familiar sensation . 
 fallen ! 
 the evil was nearly palpable . 
 there had to be more than one . 
 nathan ! 
 he called for his older brother . 
 nathan would get the distress signal . 
 he did n't call ethan or liam . 
 he did n't want ethan to leave his mate and liam was healing . 
 they were twins and he could feel the faint buzz of liam 's power when he was healing . 
 rory tried to sense the evil , pin down the location . 
 it was n't inside of the apartment , but it was close . 
 he transferred to the outside of the building and sensed a stronger presence . 
 he cursed himself for not surrounding the building with magic . 
 he had nearly failed to protect callie . 
 he barely had time to raise his arm to manufacture his sword before the fallen were upon him . 
 three ugly , sunken faces appeared before him . 
 they could sense him as well as he could feel their evil . 
 the three attacked together , probably thinking they could dispose of him quickly to get him out of the way . 
 rory spun around to get out of the reach of their razor sharp claws , but he caught slashes in the back and to his chest as he moved . 
 he swung his sword toward one of the figure 's chest as he moved , slicing it open . 
 black fluid flowed from the fallen 's wound , but it did n't stop him . 
 they circled him , slashing at him with their claws , trying to drain him of his blood . 
 rory gave as good as he got . 
 black fluid flowed with blood to the ground . 
 he was n't about to lose . 
 his mate was near and he would never let them get any closer to her . 
 he transported , taking himself out of their circle . 
 he appeared behind one of the fallen and speared him in the chest . 
 his aim was perfect . 
 the heart of the fallen ruptured . 
 the creature fell to the ground writhing . 
 it would soon be nothing but dust . 
 he would have taken a swipe to the neck that probably would have ripped his head off if not for nathan . 
 his brother appeared , completely armed and furious . 
 nathan cut through the fallen that was about to attack his brother with unrestrained violence and rage . 
 he sliced the head from his prey and plunged his sword into it 's heart . 
 rory turned to the last fallen , determined to extinguish him . 
 the bastard needed to die . 
 rory was seeing red . 
 literally . 
 his mind was volatile at the threat to his mate . 
 he stepped close enough for the fallen to take a few swipes at him , but rory did n't even feel it . 
 destroy . 
 kill . 
 remove the threat from my mate . 
 he and nathan struck at the same time , their swords meeting with a force so hard that it send vibrations through rory 's body . 
 rory struck from the front , nathan from the back . 
 rory swayed and then hit the ground . 
 he heard nathan curse . 
 `` why the hell did n't you arm yourself , '' nathan asked in a loud , irate voice . 
 `` you could have been headless . '' 
 `` no time . 
 they took me off guard , '' rory replied weakly . 
 `` you should have f ** king made time , '' nathan grumbled as he knelt to rory 's side and started stopping the bleeding from his wounds . 
 `` you lost a lot of blood . '' 
 rory already knew that . 
 he could feel the pain and weakness now that the adrenaline had calmed down . 
 nathan removed what was left of rory 's t-shirt and worked on all of the wounds , stopping the bleeding , but his slashes were deep . 
 he needed blood and day sleep . 
 nathan had gotten away without a scratch . 
 he was dressed in their fighting attire which included a black shirt and gloves designed by liam to repel some injuries from the fallen 's claws . 
 it was a long sleeved , turtle neck of stretchy , lightweight material . 
 nathan was wearing jeans , thick boots and a belt around his waist that held a wide variety of weapons . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 , '' rory questioned his brother . 
 `` of course i 'm all right . 
 i was smart enough to come armed and i did n't fling myself into the direct path of the fallen 's claws . 
 what the hell were you thinking rory ? '' 
 nathan 's fingers were on rory 's face , stopping the bleeding to some of the additional claw marks to his face . 
 `` protecting callie , '' he answered , as though that should explain his bizarre behavior . 
 `` next time prepare to protect her . '' 
 nathan shook his head , still angry . 
 `` you 're a trained warrior for christ 's sake . 
 you know better . '' 
 `` did n't matter . 
 i needed to get them away from her . '' 
 rory 's voice was growing weaker . 
 he knew the blood loss was getting to him . 
 `` it does matter . 
 shit ! 
 ca n't any of you keep a straight head when you find your mate , '' nathan answered vehemently . 
 rory looked at nathan 's ferocious expression and gave him a weak smile . 
 `` no , '' he said simply . 
 he could n't think of anything except callie . 
 rory . 
 come to me . 
 the soft , feminine voice drifted through his mind . 
 he jerked as he felt her beloved voice compelling him . 
 i need you to come to me . 
 he knew instinctively that it was the mating call . 
 it beckoned him . 
 seduced him . 
 it was her unconscious mind and it was hypnotic . 
 `` take me to , callie , '' rory commanded his brother , knowing he was too weak to transport . 
 he needed nathan 's help . 
 nathan rolled his eyes , exasperated . 
 `` you need blood . 
 now . '' 
 `` she 's calling . 
 i have to go to her . '' 
 rory 's voice was desperate . 
 nathan looked like he was going to argue , but he touched his brother 's arm and transported him to callie . 
 rory appeared beside the bed , nathan holding him up . 
 rory 's legs would n't hold him . 
 he sank to sit on the side of the bed with nathan supporting him . 
 callie woke , her voice heavy with sleep , `` rory ? '' 
 nathan lit the room , turning on the bedside lamp . 
 then he used his magic to clean the access blood from rory and clothed him in clean jeans . 
 he left him shirtless because of his unhealed injuries . 
 callie sat up and gasped as she saw rory . 
 `` oh my god , what happened ! '' 
 callie eyed his torso and gently touched her fingers to his face . 
 rory knew he was torn up and probably a pretty ugly sight . 
 he would have waited ... but callie had called . 
 `` he had a little run in with a few of the fallen . 
 if you think he looks bad ... the fallen lost . '' 
 nathan answered casually . 
 `` he needs blood . '' 
 he pulled a knife from his belt and slit his own wrist without hesitation . 
 he held it out to rory . 
 rory took it gratefully , knowing he was weak . 
 he took as much from nathan as he could without weakening him and stopped the cut from bleeding with a swipe of his finger . 
 rory felt the roar of nathan 's powerful blood flow through his veins . 
 he was n't at full strength , but it made him significantly improved . 
 the large gashes hurt less and he could move without much effort . 
 he turned to callie and informed her softly , `` you called me . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 she paused for a moment and then shook her head . 
 he put his hand to her cheek , looking into her eyes . 
 `` remember , callie . '' 
 it was a command , a subtle jolt to her subconscious . 
 she nodded slowly before answering , `` i remember . 
 i could sense that you needed me . 
 i needed to see you . 
 i did call to you . '' 
 she frowned as she looked over his injuries . 
 `` do you need more blood . 
 can you take it from me ? '' 
 before he could open his mouth nathan answered , `` he can now . 
 you called him . '' 
 nathan and callie exchanged a look , a silent communication . 
 nathan looked satisfied that callie would take care of his brother . 
 `` i have to go do damage and clean up duty . 
 i 'm pretty sure a few people noticed the fight . 
 they need to forget it . '' 
 `` my injuries are closing from your blood . 
 i will finish healing during day sleep , '' rory told nathan . 
 nathan 's eyes evaluated the gashes . 
 he nodded his agreement . 
 `` you will heal . 
 next time try arming yourself before you take on three fallen at a time , brother . '' 
 he gave rory a mocking expression before he disappeared . 
 nathan was gone before rory could even thank him . 
 not that nathan would acknowledge it . 
 `` he always has to have the last word , '' he grumbled to himself as he turned back to callie . 
 `` lay down , rory . 
 can you take off your jeans ? '' 
 callie started fussing , stroking his hair , her expression concerned . 
 he raised his eyebrows and gave her a mischievous smile . 
 `` if i say that i ca n't , will you do it for me ? '' 
 callie gave him a scolding expression . 
 `` this is no time for jokes , rory . 
 you were badly hurt . '' 
 she was unbuttoning his jeans and pulling down his zipper before rory had the chance to remove them . 
 he was perfectly able to do it now , but her fingers were brushing against his c ** k and he rather liked the feeling . 
 his mating instincts flared . 
 his c ** k was hard and ready . 
 callie was struggling with the zipper to move it over his enlarged member . 
 he laid back on the bed resting his hands behind his head and let her fuss over him . 
 his injuries hurt ... but he had suffered much worse injuries with his work in the coalition . 
 this was nothing more than a temporary annoyance . 
 his mating instincts were another issue . 
 as he watched callie get his zipper down and start to gently pulled his jeans off , his body was on fire . 
 mine . 
 need to take her . 
 fuck her senseless . 
 rory watched her eyes grow large as she shucked off his jeans . 
 he wore no underwear and his c ** k was standing fully erect . 
 she licked her lips and he almost groaned . 
 he could feel her desire . 
 he knew she was trying not look at his dick , her concern for him coming before her desire . 
 but it was there . 
 she shimmied back up his body , examining his injuries as she went . 
 need to have her . 
 when she reached the head of the bed she kissed him softly and held her arm over his lips , telling him anxiously , `` here rory . 
 take my blood . 
 you need it . '' 
 rory started to smile at her earnest expression and her wrist dangling in front of his face . 
 he pulled her body against his and rolled , pinning her soft body beneath his , telling her in a low , sultry voice , `` no sweetheart , that is n't exactly what i had in mind . '' 
 chapter 6 he moved so fast that he was on her before she could blink , the motions happening in a blur . 
 his body felt so good on top her . 
 strong , warm and seductive . 
 `` no , rory . 
 you 're hurt . 
 you ca n't do this . '' 
 she squirmed under him , trying to get away . 
 she wanted him , but not when he could irritate his wounds . 
 his mouth took hers , hard and demanding . 
 his hands held her head , holding it still to accept his possessive claim . 
 his tongue commanded entry and she gave it . 
 she was helpless to fight him . 
 she accepted the wet , erotic intrusion and her body was on fire . 
 one touch , one kiss ... and she was lost to him . 
 `` it 's not my injuries hurting , love . 
 it 's my need to f ** k you , '' he told her in a low , husky voice as he pulled his mouth from hers and and put it near her ear . 
 `` i have to have you . '' 
 he laved her ear and the side of her neck , his mouth moving over the large vein . 
 she felt a sharp pain and then her body ignited . 
 she was flooded with erotic , sensual feeling , her hips rocking up against him as he pulled from her neck . 
 her desire escalated and her need for him pounded through her body . 
 she held his head , ran her hands through his wavy , silky hair . 
 she groaned . 
 `` fuck me , rory . 
 i need you . '' 
 he reached down between their bodies , stroking between her thighs . 
 he finished suckling and stopped her blood flow with his finger , while his other hand slid into her warm , wet core . 
 she was slick and sensitive , her body jerking as his finger slid over her clit . 
 `` you 're so hot and wet . 
 i need to f ** k your tight cunt . '' 
 his voice was tortured and raspy . 
 he pinned her arms over her head easily , taking her wrists in one hand . 
 his hot breath panted in her ear , `` tell me you want me . 
 beg me to f ** k you . '' 
 his primal instincts had taken over ... and so had hers . 
 she wanted to sob with need . 
 she wanted to submit to him as much as he wanted to conquer her . 
 `` please , rory . 
 i need your cock . 
 take me . 
 fuck me hard . '' 
 he took his massive c ** k with the hand between her legs and teased with the head . 
 he slid it along her clit , wetting himself with her abundant juices . 
 she thrashed her head , needing him to fill her . 
 `` please , rory . 
 i feel so empty . '' 
 `` mine , '' he breathed in her ear with a growl . 
 `` yes . 
 yours . 
 always yours . '' 
 her mind was in turmoil , focused only on her pu ** y and the need for him to possess her . 
 he slid his c ** k into her in one smooth glide , breaching her completely in one hard thrust . 
 it burned . 
 he stretched her , opened her . 
 she had never been filled like this before , but she rejoiced at the feeling of their joining . 
 her walls squeezed him and she heard him make a strangled sound . 
 `` so tight . 
 so wet . 
 so mine . 
 put your legs around my waist , '' he choked out as his mouth moved to claim hers . 
 she wrapped her legs around him , locking them around his hips . 
 she started to move as his tongue thrust into her mouth . 
 the silky friction drove her wild . 
 he was n't slow or gentle . 
 he mastered her , taking her hard , pumping into her with deep , fast strokes . 
 his tongue f ** ked her mouth as his c ** k invaded her core . 
 his hands held her wrists firmly . 
 she tried to pull them away so that she could touch him , but he had her captured . 
 her hips rose to meet him , colliding with his groin with ferocious intensity . 
 skin slapped skin and she could hear the wet meeting . 
 faster ... harder ... deeper . 
 he pulled his mouth from hers , his breathing shallow and rapid . 
 she could feel her climax approaching , her body trembling and her muscles contracting . 
 `` rory ! '' 
 she screamed his name , her body beginning to spasm . 
 `` yes , callie , cum . 
 cum for me , '' his chest was heaving as he continued to drive his c ** k home , but his voice was demanding . 
 she ruptured as the orgasm took control , seizing her body . 
 her muscles squeezed his c ** k and he threw his head back . 
 `` mine . '' 
 he let out a tortured groan . 
 rory buried himself deep inside of her , releasing himself in a hot stream as callie milked him with her contractions . 
 he fell on top her , his body sweaty and hot . 
 he released her wrists and rolled immediately off of her . 
 she missed his heat . 
 she was breathless and spent as she lay beside him . 
 he took her hand in his , pulling it to his mouth to kiss her palm . 
 they did n't speak as they tried to recover . 
 rory raised up and looked at her , raking his eyes over her body . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 he sounded anxious . 
 she smiled weakly as she met his nervous gaze . 
 `` i 'll be sore in muscles that i have n't used for a while . '' 
 he frowned and cursed . 
 `` i should n't have taken you . 
 we have n't exchanged blood . 
 you are n't strong enough to deal with a vampire 's volatile lovemaking . 
 i tried to hold back once i thought about it , but i was too far gone . 
 i tried not to hurt you . '' 
 his voice was remorseful , almost agonized . 
 `` rory , you did n't hurt me . 
 for god 's sake , i 've never orgasmed like that . 
 i wanted you . 
 so much . '' 
 she stroked his cheek lightly , avoiding any of his injuries . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . '' 
 he smiled . 
 his bright , wonderful smile that made her heart accelerate and skip a beat . 
 this man ... was extraordinary . 
 she felt the tears leak from her eyes as she watched his smiling but still concerned face . 
 he had gashes from his waist up that would have anyone screaming in pain and his concern was for her . 
 he reached up gently and wiped away the tears , but they continued to fall . 
 `` callie ? 
 baby , what 's the matter . 
 please do n't cry . 
 i did hurt you . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 his entire face expressed deep sorrow . 
 `` no , rory . 
 it is n't that . '' 
 she hiccupped as she tried to find words to explain . 
 `` i love you , rory . 
 i probably have almost since the day we met at the wedding . 
 you were someone special since that day . '' 
 it was n't what she had meant to say , but it had come from her heart . 
 he buried his face in the side of her neck , his body trembling . 
 `` i love you too , callie . 
 my mind and heart adored you even though my body could n't respond . 
 i was in awe that you were actually my mate . '' 
 his voice was completely sincere . 
 he loved her . 
 the tears flowed harder . 
 this wonderful , sensational man really loved her . 
 `` all my life all i 've ever wanted was someone who wanted me . '' 
 he growled as he pulled her against him . 
 `` i want you , callie . 
 you are my mate , but i also want you . 
 i always have . 
 you 're everything to me now . 
 i 'll never stop needing you . 
 or loving you . 
 you fill the emptiness inside of me . 
 i feel like someone special because you love me . '' 
 he was all she really needed . 
 all of the lonely , sad days seemed to slip into the past , unable to hurt her anymore . 
 the love of one good man ... or one good vampire ... was better than the adoration of many . 
 maybe she had intentionally closed herself off , looking for excuses , waiting for this man . 
 `` oh , rory . 
 i do n't understand how you could not know how special you are . '' 
 she stroked his hair as she wiped her tears . 
 her crying days were over . 
 he pulled back and looked at her . 
 `` i 'm a twin . 
 the twin of a very powerful healer . 
 i love liam . 
 i would die for him . 
 but sometimes i felt like i walked in his shadow . 
 i never had my own talent that made me stand out . 
 he was always special . 
 i was just ... his twin . '' 
 her heart ached . 
 she suddenly understood that liam had gotten a lot of attention because he was a powerful healer and rory was left in the background . 
 kind , sweet rory , who brought sunshine to everyone 's day with his smile . 
 the man who liked to make other people happy just because it pleased him . 
 was there any better man ? 
 she put her arms around his neck and kissed him tenderly . 
 when she finished she looked him in the eye and told him solemnly , `` you have your own talents and your own personality , rory . 
 you have traits that liam does n't . 
 you 're twins ... but very different . 
 you 're separate , each having your own strengths . 
 you are very special . 
 i could never have fallen in love with liam . '' 
 he tightened his grip , pulling her tighter against him as he answered in a possessive tone , `` it 's a good thing you did n't or i would have had to commit fratricide . 
 and i actually would rather keep liam around . '' 
 she laughed . 
 she could n't help it . 
 rory made her happier than she had ever been in her life . 
 he took away the pain of her past and made her realize that she had n't really been rejected . 
 she just had n't let herself live a life free of guilt , self-blame and depression . 
 she had closed herself off from the world because she felt rejected . 
 `` it was n't you , callie . 
 it was your parents . 
 i do n't know why they left you , but it was their problem , not yours . '' 
 rory spoke to her as though he had heard her thoughts . 
 maybe he had . 
 `` i know . 
 although my life was unstable it may have been better than living with drug addicts or worse . 
 i can see that . 
 it could have been worse . '' 
 she answered sincerely . 
 she was starting to believe in fate . 
 some things happened for a reason . 
 `` it could have been a hell of a lot better , too . 
 i 'll make it up to you , callie . 
 i 'll give you everything you need and more . 
 you are mating with a very rich vampire thanks to nathan and his hobby of building all of our investments . '' 
 he shot her a wicked grin . 
 `` i 'm loaded . 
 and i 'm a vampire . 
 i can buy or make anything that you want . '' 
 she burst into laughter . 
 he might have insecurities at times , but he still had a touch of the hale arrogance . 
 `` you forgot handsome and very well endowed . '' 
 he puffed his chest out . 
 `` yep . 
 that too . 
 i have it on very good authority that i 'm the best looking of the hale brothers . '' 
 she could n't argue with that . 
 `` yes you are , rory . 
 you definitely are , '' she told him with laughter still in her voice . 
 his face changed , becoming serious and intense . 
 he lifted his hand , making a fist and closed his eyes . 
 he was concentrating hard . 
 when he opened them he asked in a hopeful voice , `` does that mean you 'll have me , callie ? 
 will you mate with me ? 
 will you marry me ? '' 
 her eyes filled with tears again . 
 damn it . 
 rory could make her laugh and cry in the same breath . 
 she guessed her crying days were n't quite over ... but at least they were tears of joy . 
 `` i would n't have anyone else , rory . '' 
 he opened his fist and in his hand was a beautiful ring . 
 he moved back to slide it onto her finger . 
 it fit perfectly . 
 she knew he had made it for her , visualizing in his mind what he wanted and what she might want . 
 it was gorgeous , everything she would have wanted in a ring given with love . 
 two tiny hearts entwined , decorated with perfect diamonds . 
 one large stone in the middle bringing the hearts together and other smaller ones around and in the middle of the hearts . 
 it was enchanting . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' she breathed out softly . 
 `` never as beautiful as the woman wearing it . '' 
 he quipped back , smiling broadly . 
 `` if you keep saying those things i 'm going to have to make you a banana cream pie . '' 
 she told him , smiling up at him , her eyes still glistening with tears . 
 his smile turned seductive and he breathed into her ear , `` i could think of something better than a banana cream pie . 
 would you like to swap a little blood ? '' 
 she shivered as his warm words caressed her ear . 
 she could think of all kinds of things she would like to do for this man . 
 `` absolutely not , rory . 
 you need to heal . '' 
 he licked her ear and traveled slowly to her neck . 
 damn it . 
 she had to toughen her resolve . 
 `` rory , we are not doing this right now . '' 
 `` i feel fabulous , callie . '' 
 his voice was like velvet , sliding over her body and making her shiver . 
 yeah ... he felt fabulous . 
 she could feel his warm , hard member pressing against her thigh . 
 she protested . 
 he seduced . 
 he won her over to his way of thinking , making her forget all about the banana cream pie . 
 chapter 7 one week later rory woke from his day sleep , reaching for his mate . 
 he sat up , recognition dawning that this was his mating night . 
 he had taken callie to the vamp headquarters before returning home and collapsing into his day sleep . 
 the shudders opened , letting in the smells and sounds of the night . 
 he and callie 's time had finally come . 
 they would be joined eternally after tonight . 
 the last week had been the happiest of his life . 
 he could only imagine what life would be like spending it forever with callie . 
 his mate had taken a leave of absence from her job , telling him she would eventually go back part-time . 
 she could n't imagine not being a chef at all . 
 they had traveled the world . 
 -lrb- when she could manage to pull him out of bed . -rrb- 
 he had watched her excitement as he showed her places like the taj mahal in india and the pyramids of egypt . 
 she had shown such childlike delight that he had enjoyed sharing her emotions . 
 it was almost like seeing these things for the first time himself . 
 no ... it was even better . 
 he was sharing them with his mate . 
 his brothers teased him without mercy . 
 ethan was the worst , giving back what he had been given by rory when he was mating with brianna . 
 rory hated anyone touching his mate right now and his brothers knew it . 
 they hugged her , smacked her on the cheek , put an arm around her every chance they could . 
 they smirked when rory frowned or his face became volatile . 
 rory had no doubt that they adored callie as much as they did brianna , but they also loved to torment him . 
 the bastards ! 
 rory rolled out of bed , wanting to reach for callie , but knowing he should not . 
 his friend adare and ethan had both warned him not to mind speak . 
 it made his desire to possess her even greater . 
 as rory looked down at his rock hard c ** k he wondered how his desire could be greater . 
 he could have her several times a day and still need her again . 
 they had exchanged blood at least once a day and callie was strong . 
 strong enough to get through a rough mating ceremony . 
 rory chuckled as he made his way to the shower . 
 callie still complained about her curvy figure . 
 she thought if she was in top physical condition that she should be more slender . 
 to rory , she was perfection . 
 he told her that every day . 
 she complained about it less and less . 
 his need to make her his was getting relentless . 
 his animal instincts were strong and nearly overwhelming . 
 he was glad that the ceremony was going to take place tonight . 
 he knew he could n't wait much longer . 
 as the hot water of the shower beat over his chest he palmed his cock . 
 would that make it worse or better ? 
 with a groan he pictured his mate , being disrobed for his pleasure , freeing his cock . 
 he wanted her rough . 
 he wanted to dominate her . 
 he wanted to satisfy her every need until she could think of nothing except him . 
 no longer thinking of the benefits or problems of getting himself off , he stroked his shaft harder . 
 he leaned his head back and closed his eyes , resting himself against the tile of the shower as his hand pumped furiously . 
 rory , are you okay . 
 callie 's voice came to him hesitantly . 
 she was reaching out to him because she was feeling his need . 
 shit ! 
 he should n't be doing this , but he was helpless to stop . 
 `` i 'm ... trying ... to ... calm myself . 
 i 'm in the shower . '' 
 he knew he was gasping his answer , his hand still stroking his dick hard . 
 you 're masturbating . 
 i can feel you . 
 relieve yourself , rory , before you drive me mad . 
 i ca n't because i 'm surrounded by women . 
 `` i 'm sorry , love , '' he groaned , unable to stop jerking his own cock . 
 her soft voice escalated his need . 
 do n't be sorry , rory . 
 imagine my lips around you . 
 i love sucking your cock , licking it up and down . 
 you 're so big , so hard . 
 oh , christ ! 
 the visualization almost killed him . 
 he pictured her on her knees , wrapping her lips around him , sucking his dick like her favorite lollipop . 
 you taste so good , rory . 
 orgasm for me . 
 release into my mouth . 
 i 'm dying to taste you . 
 her words sent him over the edge . 
 between her words , his imagination and the furious strokes to his cock ... he exploded . 
 he came with a loud groan as his wad shot out in hard stream , hitting the tile wall of the shower . 
 he leaned back against the wall , his breathing rough . 
 okay now , my love ? 
 her voice came to him and his heart ached . 
 `` i love you , callie . '' 
 his voice was raw and coarse . 
 i love you too . 
 soon , rory . 
 i 'm almost ready . 
 `` i 'm beyond ready . '' 
 he answered dryly as he stepped from the shower and dried himself off . 
 her heard a trail of light laughter as their communication faded . 
 it better be damn soon ! 
 he tossed the towel into the hamper near the shower and clothed himself . 
 then he transported himself to the vampire headquarters . 
 ***** callie met rory 's fierce eyes as she stood before him naked . 
 her attendants had departed . 
 rory 's brothers and brianna had left . 
 the ceremony was starting . 
 he had ordered her to him and she had went willing . 
 she had consented . 
 he would be hers . 
 his eyes never left hers as his low , rugged voice began reciting the mating vows in his native language . 
 even though she did n't understand , the words flowed over her and she felt the force , the power in the vows . 
 it was as though the entire room was pulsating , powerful magic surrounding them . 
 callie shivered even though the room was not cold . 
 rory 's voice trailed off and he wrapped his arms around her . 
 one around her back and the other along her butt cheek ... meeting their identical marks . 
 she knew it would hurt . 
 she was prepared for the burning sensation of the joined marks . 
 both brianna and kristin had warned her . 
 what she was n't ready for was the erotic heat . 
 she threw her head back as she felt the souls unfurl , rory 's breaking free of her protection . 
 as the souls separated and reconnected her entire body was set aflame . 
 she felt rory 's recreated soul pass from her and slip into his body through their touching mating marks . 
 he jerked as his soul entered his body . 
 hers settled back into place . 
 she looked up and saw his haunted , glowing eyes as his soul fought for purchase in his body . 
 it was unsettled . 
 it would be that way until he joined with his mate . 
 `` mine ! '' 
 his voice was ragged . 
 his glowing eyes revealed the hunger of a predator . 
 callie quivered as he took her mouth , his arms felt like steel around her body . 
 she could feel his need to possess , to take her . 
 she wanted him rough and wild . 
 his tongue was wild and untamed . 
 he brought his hand roughly behind her head , controlling the embrace , demanding she submit . 
 he grunted as he pulled his mouth from hers . 
 `` free my cock . '' 
 his demanding voice set her on fire . 
 his needs and her needs were combined . 
 there was no way of knowing which were hers and what was his . 
 she only knew that she needed him . 
 she reached down and felt for the strings that would liberate his member . 
 her fingers brushed over his swollen cock , hard and demanding to be free from it 's confinement . 
 as she tossed away the cloth he scooped her up and brought her to the silken bed , decorated in a black and white leopard pattern . 
 rory pushed a button on the headboard and she saw something lowering from the high ceiling . 
 he set her on her feet beside the bed and brought her arms up above her head . 
 she felt the restraints tighten around her wrists and groaned . 
 he had her on her feet and secured with restraints from above . 
 `` mine . '' 
 his scarlet eyes blazed , surveying her in her vulnerable position . 
 callie pulled on the restraints . 
 they were metal poles except for the wrist fastenings . 
 they had very little give . 
 they were tight and she was his prisoner . 
 her already moist pu ** y flooded . 
 his hands roamed her body possessively . 
 she gasped his hands pinched at her erect ni ** les , the sensation rocketing straight between her thighs . 
 `` rory ... i need you f ** k me . '' 
 her body burned to feel his c ** k slamming into her . 
 he ignored her . 
 his mouth joined his fingers in tormenting her br ** sts . 
 his tongue laving and nipping . 
 his hand found it 's way between her legs , gliding into her moist center . 
 she was slick and wet . 
 `` wet . 
 hot . 
 have to taste you . '' 
 rory grunted as he moved down her body . 
 `` spread your legs . 
 now . '' 
 she spread her legs , but he pulled them further apart . 
 he attacked her mound with his mouth , teeth and lips , sending her into a spiral of need and desire . 
 she pulled against the restraints , wanting to pull his head into her aching pu ** y. `` rory , please . 
 make me cum . '' 
 her every thought was focused on relieving this agony from her fiery body . 
 his masterful tongue slipped along her lower lips . 
 his thumbs separated her and plundered her sensitive clit , making her body quake . 
 she had to climax . 
 she could n't stand it anymore . 
 she tried to grind against his mouth . 
 his hand came down on her ass with a smack . 
 it was firm and sent a jolt to her cunt . 
 he slapped the other cheek and she whimpered . 
 she was out of control . 
 over the edge . 
 he lifted one of her legs to the bed , opening her completely . 
 he grabbed her ass and buried his face between her legs , eating her like a man that was famished . 
 his tongue flicked roughly over her clit . 
 faster . 
 then faster still . 
 she could feel her climax building . 
 unconsciously , she shoved her hips toward his devouring mouth . 
 he slapped her ass again several times . 
 it sent her into a powerful orgasm . 
 she threw her head back and screamed his name , unable to control herself while she was in the grip of his powerful possession . 
 she rode the waves of the orgasm while rory stretched it out with his merciless tongue . 
 she was n't yet recovered before she felt the restraint poles lowering . 
 rory rose and pushed her to her knees . 
 she went willingly , her legs weak . 
 `` suck me . 
 suck me hard and fast . '' 
 his voice was harsh . 
 she knew he was completely consumed by the mating instincts and so was she . 
 she was starving for the taste of his cock . 
 although she had just climaxed , her need ... or was it his need ? 
 ... pounded her . 
 her hands still confined above her head , she opened her mouth and caught his rock hard c ** k in her mouth . 
 her tongue swirled around the head . 
 rory grabbed her head from both sides and impaled her mouth with his rod . 
 he choked out , `` hard . 
 fast '' his hands gripped her head and he f ** ked her mouth furiously . 
 her eyes watered as she tried to swallow his massive cock . 
 she could hear his tortured moans as he slipped in and out of her mouth hard and fast . 
 she wanted to make him cum . 
 she wanted him to slam into her hard until he erupted . 
 his need ? 
 her need ? 
 she did n't care . 
 she needed to make him orgasm . 
 his hips jerked hard as she tightened her lips and flattened her tongue snug against his cock . 
 he held her face tightly against him as he found his release , shooting hot fluid down her throat . 
 she swallowed him eagerly , loving the warm release in the back of her throat . 
 he released her hands and pulled her up . 
 he picked her up and dropped her in the middle of the bed , coming down on top of her . 
 his body covered her . 
 `` mine , callie . 
 mine . 
 need to f ** k you . '' 
 oh , god , yes . 
 her channel was clenching at the thought of his huge c ** k filling her . 
 she needed him . 
 `` yes , rory . 
 fuck me . 
 please , '' she pleaded . 
 he pinned her with his body , holding her hands to the side of her face . 
 `` do n't move your hands , '' he barked . 
 she looked at his ravaged face , his eyes still glinting . 
 he was so fierce . 
 and she wanted his savage need quenched and her feral desire satisfied . 
 her wanting body was begging for his volatile mating . 
 he spread her legs wide and claimed her channel in one hard stroke . 
 she clenched the silk at the side of her head , needing to touch him , but also needing to obey his commands . 
 she gripped it hard as rory started to f ** k her . 
 he pushed deep . 
 the two of them groaned together as he started a demanding pace . 
 `` need to f ** k you hard . 
 show everyone that you are mine . '' 
 his face and body were pouring sweat as the statement was torn from his throat . 
 callie lifted her hips to meet his frenzied thrusts . 
 she had nearly forgotten the watchers . 
 the witnesses hidden behind the darkened windows . 
 as his c ** k filled her over and over the thought of other vampires watching their feral mating was even more arousing . 
 she wanted them to watch as rory slammed his member into her channel hard and fast . 
 she loved that they were watching him make her his in the most primal way . 
 she rolled her head , gripping the silk hard with her hands . 
 oh god . 
 her body was in flames . 
 his leaned down and licked her neck . 
 she knew what was coming and she knew it would throw her over the edge . 
 his teeth sank into her with almost no pain . 
 the erotic pull of his mouth working in tandem with his cock . 
 fangs erupted from her gums and she jerked . 
 her thirst for him beat at her and she sank her fangs into his shoulder . 
 her body was flooded with scorching heat . 
 they sucked at each other , drowning in erotic sensations . 
 he pulled his fangs from her neck and swiped his finger over it . 
 she reluctantly let go of his shoulder and he flicked a finger carelessly over the punctures . 
 as their blood mingled , callie was submerged in her desire . 
 rory gripped her ass firmly and stroked his c ** k into her hard . 
 he pulled her to meet his thrusts that were pummeling into her . 
 he felt so ... so incredible . 
 he pulled her legs to his shoulders , getting deeper access . 
 `` yes , rory , yes . 
 fuck me hard . '' 
 she was caught up in her urgency to climax . 
 she could feel it building as he hammered without slowing . 
 her stomach clenched as her orgasm overwhelmed her . 
 her channel squeezed as her body rocked . 
 `` rory , rory , rory , '' she chanted his name in a scream as her hips bucked and her body shook . 
 she could feel rory tense as he pulled her ass hard against his groin . 
 he let out something between a growl and a moan as he buried himself deep inside of her , releasing himself into her depths . 
 they were both breathless , both unable to move . 
 rory collapsed and rolled , pulling her on top of him as his body vibrated and he struggled hard to get his breathing under control . 
 she could hear his heart racing as she rested her head on his chest , her body quivering . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 rory 's chest was still rising and falling fast , but his voice was back to normal . 
 she looked into his dark eyes , no longer laced with red . 
 `` are you all right , callie ? '' 
 `` i 'm more than all right . 
 i 'm yours . '' 
 she gave him a tremulous smile . 
 `` that was ... intense . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 he gave her a broad smile . 
 `` content . 
 incredibly happy ... and like i could sleep for a week . '' 
 they were both spent . 
 rory pulled a light sheet over them and she slid to his side , curling into his body . 
 she tried to keep her eyes open , but her eyelids drifted shut . 
 she could feel the tug of sleep beckoning her . 
 `` that was incredible . 
 i think i owe you a gourmet dinner with pie , '' callie mumbled softly as she floated into the darkness . 
 his light laughter was the last thing she heard before letting the darkness take her under . 
 rory followed shortly after . 
 epilogue another day , another wedding . 
 but this time it was different for callie . 
 she was having the fairy tale wedding and she was the beautiful bride . 
 she had chosen a waist-hugging , sweeping white silk gown with pale blue accents . 
 there was some similarities to bri 's wedding though . 
 the bride was radiant , and her groom was impossibly handsome . 
 callie smiled broadly at her groom , still in awe of the fact that rory was hers . 
 it had all started with a wedding ... brianna 's wedding . 
 she felt like she had gone full circle . 
 every day was an adventure with rory . 
 he was the most thoughtful man she had ever known . 
 there was rarely a day that he did n't do something so amazing sweet that it brought tears of joy to her eyes . 
 she had gone back to work part time , although she really did n't need to . 
 when rory had said he was loaded ... he was n't joking . 
 but she enjoyed it and it filled the evenings when rory was doing his work with the coalition . 
 she looked around the bride and groom 's table where she sat beside rory . 
 liam , nathan , ethan and bri . 
 kristin and adare were also there . 
 they had all been part of the wedding party . 
 now they were like the family she had never had . 
 she eyed liam and nathan , wishing they would find their mates . 
 she had come to care about all of rory 's brothers and wanted their happiness . 
 hmmm ... maybe nathan . 
 he was oldest . 
 she loved nathan like a brother but he would be a hard man to crack . 
 he was an elder . 
 he would be volatile . 
 it would take a special woman . 
 it would take a saint , love . 
 she heard rory 's wry comment in her mind . 
 rory . 
 would she ever get used to the fact that they could communicate without speaking ? 
 he does n't need a saint . 
 he needs a woman that will stand up to him . 
 shake him up a bit . 
 she answered with certainty . 
 nathan hale needed a strong woman . 
 `` he would n't like it , '' rory mused aloud . 
 `` but it would be good for him he 'd secretly love it . '' 
 she insisted . 
 rory looked at her doubtfully and she smiled . 
 `` i guess we 'll just have to wait and see what 's fated for him . '' 
 `` he 's certain he wo n't mate . '' 
 rory warned her . 
 `` i think he will . 
 just call it women 's intuition , but i do think nathan will have a mate . '' 
 she told him with confidence . 
 `` that would be something i would n't want to miss , '' rory answered with laughter in his voice . 
 `` sometimes ... it just takes the right woman . '' 
 callie sipped her champagne thoughtfully . 
 `` yes it does , love . 
 i know i was lucky . '' 
 rory turned her face to his and kissed her gently . 
 her heart melted as she looked into the eyes of her destiny . 
 he reached out and filled his champagne flute and refilled hers . 
 they had already had an official toast , but this was theirs alone . 
 he raised his glass and she raised her 's to touch his . 
 with the clink of glasses , a love that would last forever was sealed . 
