 1 briggan given a choice , conor would not have picked to spend the most important birthday of his life helping devin trunswick get dressed . 
 in all honesty , he would not have volunteered to help devin trunswick do anything , ever . 
 but devin was the eldest son of eric , the earl of trunswick , and conor was the third son of fenray , herder of sheep . 
 fenray had incurred debts to the earl , and conor was helping to work them off as a servant to devin . 
 the arrangement had begun over a year ago , and was set to last at least two more . 
 conor had to hook each fiddly clasp on the back of devin 's coat correctly or the folds would hang crooked , and he would hear about it for weeks . 
 the fine material was more decorative than practical . 
 if caught in a storm , conor knew that devin would wish for a simpler , more durable coat . 
 one without clasps . 
 one that might actually keep him warm . 
 `` are you done fussing around back there ? '' 
 devin asked in exasperation . 
 `` sorry for the delay , milord , '' conor replied . 
 `` there are forty-eight clasps . 
 i 'm just now linking the fortieth . '' 
 `` how many more days will this take ? 
 i 'm about to die of old age ! 
 are you just inventing numbers ? '' 
 conor resisted a sharp reply . 
 having grown up counting sheep , he probably knew his numbers better than devin . 
 but arguing with a noble caused more trouble than it was worth . 
 sometimes devin seemed to deliberately tempt him . 
 `` it 's my best guess . '' 
 the door flew open and dawson , devin 's younger brother , burst into the room . 
 `` are you still getting dressed , devin ? '' 
 `` do n't blame me , '' devin protested . 
 `` conor keeps napping . '' 
 conor only gave dawson a brief glance . 
 the sooner he finished the clasps , the sooner he could get himself ready . 
 `` how could conor fall asleep ? '' 
 dawson called , giggling . 
 `` everything you say , brother , is so interesting . '' 
 conor resisted a grin . 
 dawson seldom stopped talking . 
 he often got annoying , but he could sometimes be pretty funny . 
 `` i 'm awake . '' 
 `` are n't you done yet ? '' 
 devin complained . 
 `` how many are left ? '' 
 conor wanted to say twenty . 
 `` five . '' 
 `` think you 'll summon a spirit animal , devin ? '' 
 dawson asked . 
 `` i do n't see why not , '' devin replied . 
 `` grandfather called a mongoose . 
 father produced a lynx . '' 
 today was the trunswick nectar ceremony . 
 in less than an hour , the local children who turned eleven this month would each try to call a spirit animal . 
 conor knew that some families tended to form bestial bonds more regularly than others . 
 even so , calling a spirit animal was never guaranteed , no matter what your family name . 
 there were only three kids scheduled to drink the nectar , and the odds were against any of them succeeding . 
 it was certainly nothing to boast about before it happened . 
 `` what animal do you think you 'll get ? '' 
 dawson wondered . 
 `` your guess is as good as mine , '' devin said . 
 `` what do you expect ? '' 
 `` a chipmunk , '' dawson predicted . 
 devin lunged at his brother , who scampered away , giggling . 
 dawson was not dressed as formally as his older brother , which allowed him freer movement . 
 still , devin soon caught him and tackled him to the floor , pinning him down . 
 `` a bear would be more likely , '' devin said , grinding his elbow into his brother 's chest . 
 `` or a wildcat , like father . 
 first thing i 'll do is have it taste you . '' 
 conor tried to wait patiently . 
 it was n't his place to intervene . 
 `` you might get nothing , '' dawson said bravely . 
 `` then all i 'll be is earl of trunswick , and your master . '' 
 `` not if father outlives you . '' 
 `` i 'd mind my tongue , second son . '' 
 `` i 'm glad i 'm not you ! '' 
 devin twisted dawson 's nose until he yelped , then stood up , brushing off his trousers . 
 `` at least my nose is n't sore . '' 
 `` conor will drink the nectar too ! '' 
 dawson cried . 
 `` maybe he 'll be the one to call a spirit animal . '' 
 conor tried to look invisible . 
 did he hope to summon a spirit animal ? 
 of course ! 
 who would n't ? 
 you could n't help hoping . 
 just because nobody in his family had done it since some obscure great-granduncle decades ago did n't make it impossible . 
 `` right . '' 
 devin chuckled . 
 `` and i suppose the smith 's daughter will summon one as well . '' 
 `` you never know , '' dawson said , sitting up and rubbing his nose . 
 `` conor , what would you like to have ? '' 
 conor stared at the floor . 
 he had been asked a direct question by a noble , so he had to answer . 
 `` i 've always gotten on well with dogs . 
 i 'd like a sheepdog , i guess . '' 
 `` what an imagination ! '' 
 devin laughed . 
 `` the sheepherder dreams of calling a sheepdog . '' 
 `` a dog would be fun , '' dawson said . 
 `` and common , '' devin said . 
 `` how many dogs do you have , conor ? '' 
 `` my family ? 
 ten , last i counted . '' 
 `` how long since you 've seen your family ? '' 
 dawson asked . 
 conor tried to keep his voice even . 
 `` more than half a year . '' 
 `` they 'll be there today ? '' 
 `` i expect they 'll try . 
 it depends on whether they can get away . '' 
 in case they could n't make it , he did n't want to show that he cared . 
 `` how novel for you , '' devin sniffed . 
 `` how many clasps remain ? '' 
 `` three . '' 
 devin turned around . 
 `` let 's not dawdle . 
 we 're running late . '' 
 an impressive assemblage had gathered in the square . 
 it was not every day that the son of a great lord quested for his spirit animal . 
 commoners and nobles alike had come for the event - old , young , and in between . 
 musicians played , soldiers strutted , and a peddler sold candied nuts . 
 a grandstand had been erected for the earl and his family . 
 conor thought it looked as if a holiday had been declared . 
 a holiday for everyone but him . 
 the day was cool and clear . 
 the green hills where conor would rather be roaming loomed far beyond the blue rooftops and chimneys of trunswick . 
 conor had attended a few nectar ceremonies . 
 he had never witnessed the calling of a spirit animal , although he knew it had happened several times in this square during his lifetime . 
 there had been little pageantry at the ceremonies he had seen . 
 none had been well attended . 
 and none had involved so many animals . 
 a common belief held that bringing together a variety of animals increased the chance of summoning a spirit animal . 
 if so , devin might be in luck . 
 not only were many domestic animals present , but conor saw mews full of birds with exotic plumage , a corral containing deer and moose , several caged wildcats , a penned trio of badgers , and a black bear chained to a post by an iron collar . 
 there was even a beast that conor had only heard about in stories - a huge camel with two furry humps . 
 as conor walked toward the center of the square , the hordes of onlookers made him self-conscious . 
 he was n't sure what to do with his hands . 
 should he fold his arms or let them dangle at his sides ? 
 as he scanned the intimidating crowd , he tried to remember that most eyes were fixed on devin . 
 suddenly conor noticed his mother waving . 
 his elder brothers stood beside her , and his father . 
 they had even brought soldier , conor 's favorite sheepdog . 
 they had all made it ! 
 the sight of them thawed some of his fear and awoke a longing for home - meadows to wander , creeks to swim in , groves to explore . 
 his work had been honest and outdoors - chopping wood , shearing sheep , feeding dogs . 
 their home had been small but cozy , and nothing like the drafty immensity of the earl 's castle . 
 conor gave his mother a little wave . 
 the future earl of trunswick led the way to a bench near the center of the square . 
 abby , the smith 's daughter , awaited them , sitting still and looking overwhelmed . 
 she was clearly dressed in her best clothes , which were laughably inferior to even the most casual dress owned by devin 's mother or sister . 
 conor knew he must also look very plain beside devin . 
 a pair of greencloaks stood before the bench . 
 conor recognized the woman , isilla , her graying hair gathered up in a glittering net over her pale face . 
 her goldfinch , frida , was perched on her shoulder . 
 isilla normally officiated at the nectar ceremonies . 
 she had given the nectar to both of his brothers . 
 the other greencloak was a stranger , tall and lean , with wide shoulders and features as weathered as his cloak . 
 his skin was darker than the people around him , as if he came from northeastern nilo or southwestern zhong - an unusual sight in the middle of eura . 
 his animal was not evident , but conor noticed a hint of a tattoo winding away into his sleeve . 
 the sight gave him a thrill . 
 it meant the stranger 's spirit animal was currently hibernating on his arm . 
 abby rose and curtsied as devin approached the bench . 
 he sat down and motioned for conor to follow his lead . 
 conor and abby sat . 
 isilla raised her hands to still the crowd . 
 the stranger backed away , leaving her the center of attention . 
 conor wondered why the man had come . 
 as with the rest of the pageantry , conor decided it must be another nod to devin 's high status . 
 isilla began in a penetrating voice , `` hear ye , hear ye , good people of trunswick ! 
 before the eyes of man and beast , we are gathered here today to participate in the most sacred rite in all of erdas . 
 when human and animal unite , their greatness is multiplied . 
 we have come to witness whether the nectar will reveal such greatness in any of these three candidates - lord devin trunswick ; abby , daughter of grall ; and conor , son of fenray . '' 
 the cheering after the mention of devin all but drowned out the other two names . 
 conor tried to remain impassive . 
 if he sat still and kept calm , soon it would be over . 
 devin would drink the nectar first , in the place of honor . 
 common belief held that the first to drink the nectar in a ceremony was the most likely to call a spirit animal . 
 isilla bent over to raise a plugged flask , the leather tooled with intricate designs . 
 after raising the flask above her head to display it to the assemblage , she unstopped it . 
 `` devin trunswick , come forward . '' 
 the crowd whistled and clapped as devin approached isilla , then quieted down as she put her finger to her lips . 
 devin knelt before her , a sight conor had seldom seen . 
 euran nobles only knelt to greater euran nobles . 
 the greencloaks knelt to none . 
 `` receive the nectar of ninani . '' 
 conor could not help but feel excited as the flask tipped toward devin 's lips . 
 this might be the first time he witnessed a spirit animal summoned from the unknown ! 
 with all of these animals present , how could the nectar fail ? 
 conor wondered what the beast would look like . 
 devin swallowed . 
 isilla stepped back . 
 a deep hush fell over the square . 
 eyes closed , devin tilted his face skyward . 
 an empty moment passed . 
 somebody coughed . 
 nothing out of the ordinary was happening . 
 perplexed , devin looked around . 
 conor had heard that a spirit animal either came right after the nectar was tasted , or never . 
 devin arose and turned in a full circle , eyes roving . 
 there was no sign of anything appearing nearby . 
 the crowd began to murmur . 
 isilla hesitated , considering the grandstand . 
 conor followed her gaze . 
 the earl sat grimly on his throne , his lynx nearby . 
 although he had summoned a spirit animal , he had chosen not to wear the green cloak . 
 isilla glanced back at the foreign greencloak , who gave a faint nod . 
 `` thank you , devin , '' she intoned . 
 `` abby , daughter of grall , come forward . '' 
 devin looked queasy . 
 his eyes were blank , but his posture betrayed his humiliation . 
 he glanced furtively toward his father , then looked down . 
 when he lifted his eyes again , his gaze had hardened , the shame turning to fury . 
 conor looked away . 
 it would be best to avoid devin 's attention for a while . 
 abby drank and , as conor expected , nothing happened . 
 she returned to the bench . 
 `` conor , son of fenray , come forward . '' 
 hearing his name called gave conor a nervous thrill . 
 if devin had failed to call an animal , conor doubted he had any chance . 
 still , anything could happen . 
 never had so many eyes been trained just on him . 
 rising to his feet , conor tried to ignore the crowd by focusing on isilla . 
 the tactic did n't really work . 
 if nothing else , it would be interesting to discover what the nectar tasted like . 
 his oldest brother had compared it to sour goat 's milk , but wallace liked to tease . 
 his other brother , garrin , had likened it to apple cider . 
 conor licked his lips . 
 whatever the taste , sampling the nectar would officially mark the end of his childhood . 
 conor knelt before isilla . 
 she looked down at him with a strange smile , curiosity lurking behind her eyes . 
 had she stared at the others this way ? 
 `` receive the nectar of ninani . '' 
 conor put his lips to the offered flask . 
 the nectar was thick , like syrup , and richly sweet , like fruit in honey . 
 the consistency became more liquid once it was in his mouth . 
 he swallowed . 
 it tasted amazing ! 
 better than anything he had ever tried . 
 isilla withdrew the flask before he could steal another sip . 
 one swallow was all he would ever sample . 
 conor stood in order to return to the bench and a burning , tingling sensation spread through his chest . 
 animals began to cry out . 
 the birds shrilled . 
 the wildcats yowled . 
 the bear roared . 
 the moose trumpeted . 
 the camel snorted and stomped . 
 the ground began to tremble . 
 the sky darkened , as if a swift cloud had overtaken the sun . 
 a brilliant flash pierced the gloom like lightning , but much nearer than any lightning conor had experienced , nearer even than the time he saw a tree struck at the crest of a hill he was climbing . 
 onlookers gasped and murmured . 
 dazzled by the flash , conor blinked repeatedly to restore his vision . 
 hot tingles spread from his chest along his limbs . 
 despite the oddness of the moment , he felt irrationally joyful . 
 and then he saw the wolf . 
 much like any sheepherder in the region , conor had experience with wolves . 
 wolf packs had stolen many sheep under his care . 
 wolves had killed three of his favorite dogs over the years . 
 livestock lost to wolves was a big part of the reason his father had become indebted to the earl . 
 and of course there was that night two years ago , when conor and his brothers had stood against a brazen pack that had tried to steal sheep out of their pen in the high pasture . 
 now the largest wolf he had ever seen stood before him , head held high . 
 it was a remarkable creature - long-limbed , well fed , with the most luxurious coat of gray-white fur conor could have imagined . 
 he took in large paws , keen claws , savage teeth , and striking cobalt-blue eyes . 
 blue eyes ? 
 in the history of erdas , only one wolf had such deep blue eyes . 
 conor glanced at the euran flag hanging from the earl 's grandstand . 
 briggan the wolf , patron beast of eura , stood depicted upon a rich blue banner , eyes shrewd and piercing . 
 the wolf padded forward calmly , stopping directly before conor . 
 it sat , like a trained dog yielding to its master . 
 its head came well above conor 's waist . 
 muscles tense , conor resisted the impulse to leap away . 
 under other circumstances , he would have run from this animal , or yelled at it . 
 he would have thrown rocks or grabbed a stout staff to defend himself . 
 but this was no chance encounter out in the wild . 
 his whole body was tingling , almost vibrating , and hundreds of people were watching . 
 this wolf had appeared out of nowhere ! 
 the wolf stared up at him with confidence . 
 though large and fierce , the animal seemed very much in control of itself . 
 conor was awed that a predator such as this would show him so much respect . 
 those blue eyes hinted at a greater understanding than any animal should possess . 
 the wolf was waiting for something . 
 conor held out a trembling hand and the wolf 's warm pink tongue caressed his palm . 
 the touch was electric , and the tingling in conor 's chest immediately ceased . 
 for an instant , conor felt courage , and clarity , and an alertness like he had never known . 
 he smelled the wolf with enhanced senses , and somehow knew it was male , and that it considered him an equal . 
 then the strange moment of expanded perception passed . 
 in spite of the abundant evidence , it was the look on devin trunswick 's face that brought home to conor what had transpired . 
 never had conor been the focus of such na ** d rage and envy . 
 he had summoned a spirit animal ! 
 and not just any spirit animal . 
 a wolf . 
 nobody summoned wolves ! 
 briggan the wolf had been one of the great beasts , and spirit animals were never the same species as the great beasts . 
 everyone knew that . 
 it simply did n't happen . 
 yet it had . 
 undeniably , inexplicably , it had . 
 a full-grown wolf was nuzzling conor 's palm . 
 a wolf with deep blue eyes . 
 the bewildered crowd kept silent . 
 the earl leaned forward attentively . 
 devin seethed , and dawson 's mouth was spread in an astonished grin . 
 the stranger in the green cloak approached and took conor 's hand . 
 `` i am tarik , '' the man said in a low voice . 
 `` i came a long way to find you . 
 stay near me , and i will let no harm befall you . 
 i wo n't press you to take our vows until you 're ready , but you need to hear me out . 
 much depends on you . '' 
 conor nodded numbly . 
 it was all too much to digest . 
 the foreign greencloak raised conor 's hand high and spoke in a powerful voice . 
 `` good people of trunswick ! 
 news of this day will echo across all of erdas ! 
 in our hour of need , briggan has returned ! '' 
 2 uraza staying low , abeke stalked through the tall grass , moving at a slow , steady pace . 
 she stepped carefully , as her father had taught her , advancing in silence . 
 sudden motion or sounds would send her prey running . 
 if this one got away , she would n't have time to approach another . 
 the antelope lowered its head to nibble at the grass . 
 it was young , but she knew that it could easily outrun her . 
 if it bounded away , she would return empty-handed . 
 coming to a standstill , abeke eased an arrow to the string of her bow . 
 as she pulled it back , the bow creaked . 
 the antelope abruptly looked up . 
 the arrow flew true , skewering the beast 's heart and lungs from the side . 
 the antelope staggered only briefly before collapsing . 
 this antelope would matter to abeke 's village . 
 the drought had made food scarce , and since it showed no sign of relenting , every morsel counted . 
 abeke knelt beside the fallen animal and spoke in a soft voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry for taking your life , friend . 
 our village needs your meat . 
 i got in close and made a clean shot so you would n't suffer . 
 please forgive me . '' 
 abeke glanced at the bright sky . 
 the sun had moved more than she had realized . 
 how long had she stalked her prey ? 
 fortunately , she had found game that was small enough to carry . 
 abeke slung the antelope over her shoulders and started home . 
 the sun glared down at the baked , brown plain . 
 the brush was dry and brittle , the shrubs withered and thirsty . 
 a few lonely baobab trees stood in the distance , trunks thick , branches sprawling , blurred by shimmering ripples of heat . 
 abeke kept her eyes and ears open . 
 people were not the prey of choice for big cats , but that became less certain when food grew scarce . 
 and big cats were not the only dangerous animals roaming the niloan savannah . 
 anyone who ventured beyond the village palisade took a risk . 
 the farther abeke walked , the heavier the antelope seemed . 
 but she was tall for her age , and had always been strong , and she was excited to show her prize to her father . 
 she tried to ignore the hot sun . 
 in her village , the men normally did the hunting . 
 women rarely ventured out alone . 
 what a surprise this antelope would be ! 
 what a perfect way to commemorate her eleventh nameday . 
 her sister , soama , might be more beautiful . 
 she might sing and dance better . 
 she might weave better . 
 she might even be a more gifted artisan . 
 but she had never made a kill . 
 just over a year ago , soama had presented the village with a beaded tapestry on her eleventh nameday , depicting herons in flight over a pond . 
 many had remarked that it was the most impressive work they had seen from a young artist . 
 but could they eat it in a famine ? 
 would the beaded pond cure their thirst ? 
 would the fake herons ease the pains of their hunger ? 
 abeke could not resist a smile . 
 to her knowledge , no child had ever brought game as a nameday gift . 
 did the village need another decorative jar ? 
 to hold what water ? 
 her gift would serve a purpose . 
 to avoid being spotted by the lookouts , abeke approached her village stealthily . 
 she entered how she had exited - through the damaged slats in the side of the wall facing the ravine . 
 there was some tricky climbing involved , made no easier by the carcass on her shoulders , but abeke succeeded . 
 time was short . 
 ignoring the stares of her neighbors , abeke hurried to her home . 
 like most of the other dwellings in her village , her rondavel had a round base , with stone walls and a conical thatched roof . 
 when she burst inside , she found soama waiting , looking gorgeous in an orange wrap and a beaded scarf . 
 abeke was not bad-looking herself , but had long ago lost the contest of beauty to her sister . 
 in any case , she favored more practical clothing , and braids that could be tied back . 
 `` abeke ! '' 
 soama said . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 does father know you 're back ? '' 
 `` i went hunting , '' abeke explained proudly , the antelope still resting on her shoulders . 
 `` alone . '' 
 `` you went outside ? 
 past the gate ? '' 
 `` where else would i get an antelope ? '' 
 soama put a brown hand over her eyes . 
 `` abeke , why must you be so strange ? 
 you vanished . 
 father was worried ! 
 you 're late for your bonding ritual . '' 
 `` it 'll be all right , '' abeke assured her sister . 
 `` i 'll hurry . 
 i 'm not as fussy as you . 
 nobody will complain once they see my fine kill . '' 
 behind abeke , the door opened . 
 she turned and looked up at her father , a tall man , lean and muscular , with a shaved head . 
 his eyes were not friendly . 
 `` abeke ! 
 chinwe told me you had returned . 
 i was preparing a group to go search for you . '' 
 `` i wanted to offer a fine nameday gift , '' abeke explained . 
 `` i brought home this antelope . '' 
 breathing heavily , her father closed his eyes . 
 he could barely keep control of his tone . 
 `` abeke . 
 today is important . 
 you are late . 
 you are covered in dust and blood . 
 your disappearance has put the village in an uproar . 
 have you no sense ? 
 have you no dignity ? '' 
 abeke withered inside , her pride dissolving , her happiness spoiling . 
 for a moment she could find no reply . 
 tears threatened to fall . 
 `` but ... i came to no harm . 
 you know how well i hunt . 
 this was a surprise . '' 
 her father shook his head . 
 `` this was selfishness . 
 wrongheadedness . 
 you can not offer the antelope as your nameday gift ! 
 it is evidence of your misbehavior . 
 what would it say about you ? 
 about us ? 
 what lesson will it teach other children ? 
 you will offer the jar you made . '' 
 `` but the jar is ugly ! '' 
 abeke said desperately . 
 `` an ape could make a better one . 
 i have no talent there . '' 
 `` you make no effort there , '' her father said . 
 `` returning alive with a kill shows skill , but it also shows poor judgment . 
 we will discuss a punishment later . 
 make yourself ready . 
 i will go tell the others that we will have your bonding ritual after all . 
 let soama help you . 
 if you would look to her example , you would disgrace us less . '' 
 abeke felt desolate . 
 `` yes , father . '' 
 after her father left , abeke unslung the antelope from her shoulders and set it down . 
 now that she was paying attention , she saw that her father was right - she was covered in dust and blood . 
 she stared flatly at her fine kill . 
 it had become a trophy of shame . 
 abeke could barely restrain her tears . 
 today was supposed to be her day ! 
 her one day . 
 everything was always about soama . 
 how thoughtful she was . 
 how lovely . 
 how talented . 
 today abeke would drink the nectar of ninani . 
 would she call a spirit animal ? 
 probably not . 
 but today she became a woman . 
 a true citizen of the village . 
 and she had wanted to contribute a special gift . 
 abeke wished for her mother . 
 her mother had understood her better than anyone . 
 but her mother had never been strong , and had been taken by sickness . 
 finally surrendering , abeke started to weep . 
 `` no time for that , '' soama ordered . 
 `` you 're late , and you look bad enough already . '' 
 gritting her teeth , abeke fought her emotions . 
 did she want her sister to see her cry ? 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 soama crossed to her and wiped the tears from her cheeks . 
 `` on second thought , maybe you should cry . 
 we do n't have enough water to wash you . '' 
 `` i 'm done crying . '' 
 `` let 's get you clean . '' 
 abeke became as passive as a doll . 
 she did n't complain about the scratchy brushes or the barely damp cloth . 
 she did n't offer any opinions about her outfit or her accessories . 
 abeke let soama arrange everything , and tried not to look at her antelope . 
 when abeke emerged , she found the whole village waiting . 
 after all , today was her day . 
 starting at her door , everyone stood in two long lines forming a pathway . 
 abeke had looked forward to this . 
 it had been fun to do it for others . 
 her father stared at her sternly - as did most of the other men . 
 some of the women observed her with disgust , others with pity . 
 a few of her younger acquaintances snickered . 
 abeke walked between the people of her village , keenly aware of how she had disappointed them . 
 she wished she could run away and get eaten by a lion . 
 instead , she clutched the awful jug at her side , held her head high , and kept walking . 
 the wind had risen , blowing dust . 
 a cloud muted the sun . 
 abeke did not smile . 
 she kept her expression neutral . 
 abeke followed the winding path of people . 
 after she passed , the lines behind her collapsed as everyone followed her to her destination . 
 up ahead , abeke spotted chinwe . 
 standing beyond the end of the path , she wore the green cloak only brought out for bonding rituals , draped casually over one shoulder . 
 the tattoo of her wildebeest was visible on her thin , bare leg . 
 as abeke approached , chinwe started chanting . 
 the villagers echoed each phrase using the old tribal language . 
 abeke did n't know what most of the words meant , and neither did the others , but it was tradition . 
 when abeke reached chinwe , she knelt , feeling the gritty dirt beneath her bare knees . 
 still chanting , chinwe dipped a small bowl into a large vessel and gazed down at abeke . 
 she did n't look angry or disapproving . 
 she looked the same as she did during any bonding ritual - relaxed , and maybe a little bored . 
 chinwe offered the bowl and abeke accepted it . 
 there was only a little fluid at the bottom , colorless like water , but thicker . 
 she drank it . 
 the nectar tasted like unheated soup , the kind her mother used to make with crushed nuts . 
 it was sweeter , but otherwise strikingly similar . 
 the taste brought tears to abeke 's eyes . 
 handing the bowl back , abeke looked up at chinwe curiously . 
 had that really been the nectar ? 
 or had chinwe replaced the nectar with root-and-nut soup ? 
 chinwe took the bowl from abeke and kept chanting . 
 abeke felt unsteady , sort of dizzy and charged . 
 did everyone have this reaction ? 
 her senses reached wide . 
 she caught the vivid smell of rain on the wind . 
 she could single out each individual chanting voice , and could tell who was off pitch . 
 she could even hear her father and her sister . 
 the sky rumbled and darkened . 
 the chanting broke off as everyone looked upward . 
 only once had abeke seen a spirit animal called . 
 hano had done it , the grandnephew of the old rain dancer . 
 abeke had been six at the time , but she did n't recall any thunder . 
 a soft glow had appeared behind hano , and an anteater had ambled out of the radiance . 
 there was nothing soft about this light . 
 a dazzling column blazed into existence , more intense than a bonfire , casting long shadows around the village . 
 several people shrieked . 
 when the light disappeared , a leopard remained . 
 buzzing from head to toe , abeke stared in wonder . 
 the leopard was large and sleek , almost the size of a lion . 
 her glossy hide was flawless . 
 out in the wild , standing this close to such a cat would have been the last thing abeke ever did . 
 nobody spoke . 
 muscles churning under her pelt , the great leopard walked to abeke with liquid grace , and nuzzled her leg . 
 upon contact , the charge throughout abeke 's body vanished . 
 acting on reflex , abeke coiled slightly . 
 the village suddenly seemed foreign and confining . 
 she needed to get away ! 
 what if she jumped ? 
 she had the impression that if she desired , she could spring onto the nearest rooftop . 
 she wanted to run free on the savannah , to prowl and hunt and climb . 
 the leopard rubbed against her hip and brought her back from the bewildering rush of instincts . 
 abeke straightened , hardly able to believe what was happening . 
 the animal beside her could kill her with a single bite . 
 `` it looks like uraza , '' a child said , breaking the silence . 
 the comment started a wave of murmurs . 
 the leopard prowled a few paces away from abeke , almost as if uninterested , but then looked back . 
 the cat did look like uraza ! 
 she even had those legendary violet eyes , flashy as amethysts . 
 but that was impossible . 
 people did n't summon leopards . 
 cheetahs maybe , but never leopards or lions , let alone leopards with violet eyes . 
 thunder grumbled overhead , and rain began to fall . 
 what started gently soon became a downpour . 
 people tilted their heads skyward , mouths open , arms extended . 
 the crowd offered up laughter and joyful exclamations . 
 a hand gripped abeke 's wrist . 
 it was chinwe . 
 she wore a rare smile . 
 `` i believe we have found our new rain dancer . '' 
 the old rain dancer had died more than two years ago . 
 rain had not fallen on the village of okaihee since . 
 a few little storms had come close , but not a drop had landed within their walls . 
 several of the reliable wells had dried up . 
 there had been much debate about how they would break the curse . 
 `` a rain dancer ? '' 
 abeke marveled . 
 `` it would be difficult to argue against it , '' chinwe said . 
 abeke 's father approached , eyeing the leopard warily . 
 `` we should get indoors . '' 
 abeke squinted at him through the downpour . 
 `` can you believe this ? '' 
 `` truly , i can not . '' 
 he seemed distant . 
 was he still angry with her ? 
 `` your daughter has ended our drought , '' chinwe said . 
 `` so it would appear . '' 
 `` and she has summoned a leopard . 
 perhaps the leopard . '' 
 her father nodded pensively . 
 `` the lost guardian of nilo . 
 what does this mean , chinwe ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' chinwe said . 
 `` it goes against ... i 'll have to consult someone who sees more deeply . '' 
 her father considered the leopard . 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 chinwe shrugged . 
 `` as safe as any wild thing can be . 
 it 's her spirit animal . '' 
 her father regarded abeke , droplets bombarding his bald head . 
 `` the rain is making up for lost time . 
 come . '' 
 jogging after her father , her fancy wrap soaked , abeke tried to understand why he seemed displeased . 
 `` are you disappointed ? '' 
 she ventured . 
 he stopped and gripped her shoulders , heedless of the rain . 
 `` i am confounded . 
 i should be happy that you summoned an animal . 
 but you have called a leopard ! 
 and not just any leopard - one that resembles our legendary guardian . 
 in good ways and bad , you have always been different . 
 and now this tops all of it ! 
 will your beast bring good or evil upon you ? 
 upon us ? 
 i do n't know what to think . '' 
 the leopard gave a low growl , not terribly threatening , but not pleased either . 
 abeke 's father turned and led the way to their home . 
 the leopard followed behind . 
 when they reached the front door , they found a stranger waiting . 
 he wore euran clothing - boots , trousers , and a lavish blue cloak with the hood raised against the rain . 
 the hood obscured his face . 
 abeke 's father stopped near him . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm called zerif , '' the man replied in a lively voice . 
 `` i journeyed here from afar . 
 your daughter has accomplished the impossible , as was foretold weeks ago by yumaris the inscrutable , one of the wisest women in all of erdas . 
 what happened today will reshape the world . 
 i 'm here to help . '' 
 `` then , enter , '' her father said . 
 `` i am pojalo . '' 
 the three of them went through the doorway . 
 the leopard followed smoothly . 
 soama awaited them , her outfit damp but not soaked . 
 she must have hurried indoors . 
 `` there it is , '' she said , cautious eyes on the leopard . 
 `` am i dreaming ? '' 
 `` is n't she amazing ? '' 
 abeke said , hoping her sister would be impressed . 
 the leopard briefly sniffed the room , then crouched beside abeke . 
 stooping , abeke stroked the damp fur , not minding the smell of it . 
 `` i do n't feel safe , '' soama said . 
 she looked to her father for help . 
 `` must it be indoors with us ? '' 
 `` she belongs with me , '' abeke replied immediately . 
 the stranger lowered his hood . 
 he was middle-aged , with light brown skin and a neatly sculpted beard that only covered the end of his chin . 
 `` perhaps i can help . 
 this must all feel confusing . 
 when you awoke today , abeke , you could not have expected to alter the world 's destiny . '' 
 `` where are you from , zerif ? '' 
 pojalo asked . 
 `` a traveler like me hails from all corners , '' zerif replied . 
 `` are you a greencloak ? '' 
 abeke felt he had the confidence of a greencloak , if not the garment . 
 `` i am one of the marked , but i do not wear the green cloak . 
 i 'm affiliated with them , but i concentrate on matters relating to the great beasts . 
 have you heard talk of the battles in southern nilo ? '' 
 `` only rumors , '' pojalo said . 
 `` foreign invaders . 
 our concerns of late have involved water and food . '' 
 `` these rumors are the groans of a dam about to burst , '' zerif said . 
 `` war will soon overtake not only all of nilo , but all of erdas . 
 the fallen beasts are returning . 
 your daughter summoned one of them . 
 this places her at the center of the conflict . '' 
 pojalo turned toward the leopard with alarm . 
 `` we thought it looked like ... '' `` not just looks like , '' zerif corrected . 
 `` abeke has summoned uraza . '' 
 `` how ... ? '' 
 soama whispered , eyes wide and frightened . 
 `` how is unanswerable , '' zerif said . 
 `` what she does now is the only question . 
 i offer my assistance . 
 you must act swiftly . 
 this leopard will earn abeke many enemies . '' 
 `` what do you suggest ? '' 
 pojalo asked . 
 `` she is our new rain dancer , and is much needed . '' 
 `` her power , '' zerif stated somberly , `` will bring much more than rain . '' 
 abeke frowned . 
 this stranger zerif clearly had plans for her , and her father seemed eager to hear him . 
 did he want to be rid of her ? 
 would he act so eager if soama had summoned this leopard ? 
 zerif rubbed his facial hair with two fingers . 
 `` we have much to do . 
 first things first - you may have noticed that uraza appears edgy . 
 i suggest you either give the leopard the dead antelope , or else separate them . '' 
 3 jhi meilin sat on a cushion before her looking glass , meticulously applying facial paint . 
 she did n't mind letting her handmaidens prepare her for festivals or banquets . 
 but today was important . 
 today she wanted to look just right . 
 and when you wanted something done right , you did it yourself . 
 after finishing the accents around her eyes , meilin inspected her handiwork . 
 it was a work of art atop a work of art . 
 people always remarked that she was stunning . 
 she had never needed paint on her face to earn compliments . 
 but now she possessed an allure beyond her natural beauty . 
 anybody could get the pale base and striking lips right . 
 but meilin knew some tricks her handmaidens did n't - how to properly blend the blush in her cheeks , how to use gold flecks near the eyes , and how a hint of imperfection made her hair more appealing . 
 meilin practiced a shy smile . 
 then a delighted smile , followed by a look of surprise , and finally a scowl . 
 smoothing her hands over her snug silk robes , meilin silently proclaimed her work complete . 
 there came a hesitant tap on the door . 
 `` mistress , '' called a high voice sweetly . 
 `` is everything all right ? 
 can i offer any help ? '' 
 this was kusha 's polite way of informing her that the bonding day celebration was at a standstill . 
 the most important people in the province were waiting on her . 
 `` i 'm almost ready , '' meilin answered . 
 `` i 'll be out in a moment . '' 
 meilin did n't want to make everyone wait too long , but making them wait a little would ensure that all eyes were on her . 
 the other candidates had sampled the nectar already . 
 meilin would drink it last , in the place of honor . 
 the conventional wisdom was that the last person to drink the nectar had the best chance of summoning a spirit animal . 
 as the daughter of general teng , one of the five high commanders of the zhongese military , meilin had been guaranteed the last spot at the quarterly bonding day ceremonies since birth . 
 as his only child , her importance was elevated further . 
 she had no brother to steal her birthright . 
 her mother had summoned a spirit animal , as had all four of meilin 's grandparents , and all eight of her great-grandparents . 
 her father , grandfather , and two of her great-grandfathers had been generals . 
 the least of the others had been powerful merchants . 
 only the family of the emperor could claim a better pedigree . 
 her father had not called a spirit animal , but even so had risen higher in the military than any of his ancestors . 
 he was a formidable man - nobody was more cunning , or more observant , or more wrathful when crossed . 
 her father had told her last night that he had foreseen she would summon a spirit animal today . 
 she did n't know whether he had visited a soothsayer or beheld the vision himself , but he had acted certain , and he was never wrong . 
 meilin gathered her parasol . 
 made of paper and intricately painted , it was strictly ornamental . 
 she placed it over her shoulder and took a final look in the mirror . 
 a heavy fist pounded the door , startling her . 
 this was no handmaiden . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 meilin called . 
 `` are you decent ? '' 
 a male voice inquired . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the door opened . 
 it was general chin , her father 's closest aide , wearing his most formal uniform . 
 how late was she ? 
 `` what is it , general ? '' 
 `` my apologies for the intrusion , '' he said . 
 he paused , licking his lips . 
 he seemed perturbed , almost unsure how to continue . 
 `` i have ... unfortunate news . 
 the invasion of zhong has begun . 
 we must hurry with the ceremony , and then move out . '' 
 `` invasion ? '' 
 `` surely you know about the skirmishes in the southeast . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 her father kept few secrets from her . 
 but he had shared no suspicions of a serious threat . 
 `` we just received word that they were but a prelude to a major incursion . 
 your father had prepared for something of the sort , but our enemies have more men and resources than even general teng had guessed . '' 
 general chin swallowed . 
 `` the city of shar liwao has fallen . 
 we are officially at war . '' 
 meilin could n't speak . 
 she could hardly believe that general chin was speaking the truth . 
 shar liwao was one of the largest cities beyond the wall , an important zhongese port . 
 was this how wars started ? 
 on days that should have been happy ? 
 she suddenly felt ill , and wished she could be alone . 
 her father would be leaving soon . 
 zhong was powerful , and erdas had no better general . 
 he should be fine . 
 but her father had described the uncertainties of war . 
 a stray arrow could slay the mightiest hero . 
 in wartime , none were truly safe . 
 `` the entire city already fell ? '' 
 meilin had to ask . 
 `` yes . 
 reports are still coming in . 
 the attack was lightning quick - an alliance of zhongese rebels and foreign invaders . '' 
 `` i 'll skip the ceremony , '' meilin said . 
 `` i can do it later . '' 
 `` no , the news just arrived . 
 the public does n't know yet . 
 we want to keep it that way for now . 
 do n't mention the attack . 
 all must appear calm and normal . '' 
 meilin nodded . 
 `` fine , i 'll do my part . 
 but it 's an emergency . 
 father can go . '' 
 `` he insists you drink the nectar before he leaves . '' 
 meilin followed general chin out of her home . 
 she ignored the questions of her handmaidens , who fell into step behind them . 
 their mansion adjoined the parade grounds , so it was not a long walk to the ceremony . 
 opening her parasol , meilin strolled down the central aisle toward the stage . 
 thousands of people craned to see her . 
 general chin strode at her side , medals gleaming . 
 people cheered . 
 it seemed like an ordinary , festive occasion . 
 these people had no clue what news was coming . 
 near the stage , the bystanders were seated . 
 more money and status meant more convenience and comfort . 
 as meilin approached , even the dignitaries and merchants and government officials arose and applauded . 
 meilin forced the most natural smile she could manage . 
 she gave small nods to faces she recognized . 
 everything felt brittle , fake . 
 she wondered if the onlookers could see through her facade . 
 a boy at one side of the aisle yelled her name . 
 it was yenni , from her school . 
 his father was a provincial official . 
 he had made no secret of his affection for her , even though he was almost three years older . 
 she gave him the shy smile . 
 his face turned red and he grinned from ear to ear . 
 meilin had never kissed a boy , although plenty had shown interest . 
 she hated feeling like a trophy . 
 not only was her father rich , not only was he a popular general , but she was also attractive and refined . 
 none of the boys actually knew her . 
 she was just a prize , and there was no way of telling which aspect of the prize they wanted most . 
 she wondered how they would react if they knew her secret . 
 underneath the facial paint , beneath the expensive silks , she was not the dainty flower they imagined . 
 she knew her manners . 
 she could paint , she could serve tea , she could garden , she could recite poetry , she could sing . 
 but her favorite pastime was hand-to-hand combat . 
 it had started innocently at age five . 
 her father was a general and a practical man . 
 he had access to the best warriors in zhong , and he 'd wanted his daughter to learn the basics of defending herself . 
 he had no idea how much aptitude she would demonstrate , nor how much she would enjoy it . 
 the training had gotten more serious each year . 
 all in secret , she became the son her father never had . 
 she could fight with knives , staves , and spears . 
 she could use longbows , crossbows , and slings . 
 but her favorite discipline involved combat using her hands and feet . 
 a scant six weeks past her eleventh birthday , she could outmaneuver all but the greatest masters . 
 she was slender , but strong . 
 after she reached her adult size , she would be very formidable . 
 meilin hoped that her spirit animal would augment her fighting skills . 
 she knew that all sorts of powers could be derived from a strong relationship with a spirit animal . 
 with the help of the right beast , good warriors became great , and great warriors became legends . 
 what species would benefit her most ? 
 her father called her the tiny tiger . 
 a tiger would be nice , or maybe a snow leopard . 
 an ox could grant great strength . 
 she tried not to set her heart on something too specific . 
 the crowd watched her enthusiastically . 
 only the top officials among them knew that war was coming . 
 soon they would all have much more than nectar ceremonies to demand their attention . 
 when she reached the stage , meilin folded her parasol and passed it to a handmaiden . 
 she saw her father in the front of the crowd , dashing in his uniform , and gave a polite nod . 
 she saw approval in his eyes . 
 he was admiring her poise . 
 many caged beasts were positioned on and around the stage , a royal menagerie including orangutans , tigers , pandas , foxes , alligators , cranes , baboons , pythons , ostriches , oxen , water buffalo , and even a pair of young elephants . 
 their province usually furnished a broad assortment , but this bonding day boasted the most variety she had seen . 
 her father had made sure of it . 
 on the stage awaited sheyu , the leader of the local greencloaks . 
 he was dressed simply , and since his clouded leopard was not in sight , it was probably in its passive state . 
 if she recalled correctly , he wore the tattoo on his chest . 
 her father had mixed feelings about the greencloaks . 
 he respected them , but thought they had too much power and too many foreign ties . 
 he did n't like their monopoly on the nectar and how they used it to remain involved in everyone 's affairs around the world . 
 meilin was privately impressed by them . 
 her reasons were simple . 
 the armies of zhong did not invite women into their ranks , but the greencloaks did n't fuss about such things . 
 they measured people by their ability . 
 meilin noticed a stranger on the stage . 
 she had a foreign air about her , in both her dress and her features . 
 her feet were bare . 
 she was short and thin , with that fragile look some men preferred . 
 the feathers in her hair gave her away as an amayan . 
 an exotic multicolored bird stood on the stage beside her . 
 sheyu beckoned meilin . 
 she went to him , remembering to face the crowd . 
 it always looked amateurish when candidates turned their backs on the audience . 
 in a strident voice he proclaimed the ceremonial words - the same words he always said . 
 meilin told herself that if her father was wrong and no spirit animal appeared , she would keep composed . 
 her father had made his way in the world without one - she could as well . 
 sheyu held a jade decanter to her lips . 
 meilin took a sip . 
 the warm fluid was a bitter shock to her tongue - it took some effort to avoid gagging . 
 instead she forced herself to smile as she swallowed . 
 for an unsteady moment meilin was afraid she would choke on the taste , and then a fiery heat filled her belly . 
 as the warmth radiated outward , her ears started ringing . 
 the sky was clear , but the sun dimmed . 
 there was a brilliant flash and she was joined onstage by a black-and-white panda . 
 it was large for the species , with disturbing silver eyes , just like jhi on the great seal of zhong . 
 the panda trundled over to meilin and reared up to place its paws against her ribs . 
 the fiery heat instantly drained away . 
 for a moment , meilin felt profoundly relaxed . 
 she was no longer playing a role in front of a crowd . 
 she was simply herself . 
 she basked in the warmth of the sun , and rejoiced in the gentle currents of the air around her . 
 then the moment slipped away . 
 meilin stared at her new spirit animal in bewilderment . 
 a giant panda ? 
 nobody called giant pandas , because jhi had been a giant panda , and jhi was a great beast , one of the fallen . 
 a large statue of jhi stood in the far corner of the parade ground , huge and somewhat ridiculous . 
 a panda was basically the opposite of a tiger . 
 more silly and cute than impressive or threatening . 
 what skills would it bestow on a fighter ? 
 the ability to eat bamboo ? 
 the audience made no sound . 
 meilin found her father 's eyes . 
 he looked shocked . 
 the amayan woman had come to her side . 
 `` i 'm lenori , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i 'm here to help you . '' 
 `` are you a greencloak ? '' 
 `` i 'm not wearing it , but yes . 
 do you realize what you 've done ? '' 
 `` i 'm not supposed to be able to summon a panda . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 lenori took her hand and raised it high . 
 `` meilin has fulfilled a prophecy that most have forgotten ! 
 jhi the fallen has returned to erdas ! 
 let us all - '' lenori never finished her sentence , because the alarm bells started to ring , a gonging clamor reserved for emergencies . 
 meilin scanned the parade ground , alert . 
 was this connected to the invasion ? 
 that made no sense . 
 shar liwao was far away , beyond the wall of zhong . 
 just as meilin remembered to guard her expression , the great horns on the city wall sounded three times - long , low notes that warned of immediate danger . 
 the audience began to stir and exclaim . 
 aware that many eyes remained on her , meilin held very still , trying to appear undisturbed . 
 this was no practice exercise ; the horns confirmed that . 
 something was horribly wrong . 
 did she smell smoke ? 
 it was hard to see much beyond the high walls of the parade ground . 
 then the screaming began . 
 toward the rear of the parade ground , beyond the carefully monitored seats of the dignitaries , fighting broke out . 
 men and women flung off cloaks , many summoning spirit animals . 
 swords and axes began to cut down bystanders . 
 as people pressed to get away , a bull charged through the crowd . 
 a trio of arrows curved through the air to thunk down on the stage . 
 meilin ignored the arrows , even though one landed close enough to kick it . 
 the invasion was supposed to be far away , beyond the wall ! 
 she had heard of riots in some of the outlying towns before , but nothing like that had ever happened in jano rion . 
 it was a model city , one of the mightiest in all of zhong . 
 with a flash , sheyu released his spirit animal . 
 the clouded leopard gave a savage cry . 
 sheyu pulled on a glove fitted with four sharp blades . 
 with his other hand , he seized meilin by the upper arm , giving a yank to start her moving . 
 `` they must have come for you ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 as she stumbled after him toward the rear of the stage , meilin craned to see the parade ground . 
 guards were engaging the rebels . 
 spear met sword , ax met shield . 
 some weapons found their mark . 
 men and women screamed . 
 meilin knew much about battle through her father , but until now , she had never seen anyone killed . 
 in a few brief seconds , she saw death , and more of it than she could handle . 
 her last glimpse , before she jumped off the stage beside sheyu , was of kusha , her chief handmaiden , falling to her knees with an arrow buried in her back . 
 meilin 's father was there to steady her . 
 general chin waited at his side , along with lenori . 
 `` hurry , '' her father urged . 
 `` we must get to the tower . 
 we need to survey the city . '' 
 the words roused her . 
 `` right , '' she said , glancing back just in time to see her panda jump gracelessly from the stage . 
 at least jhi appeared unharmed . 
 would kusha die from that arrow ? 
 it had looked bad . 
 her father ran toward the door behind the stage . 
 meilin followed , with sheyu nearby . 
 from one side , several armed rebels raced to block their retreat . 
 a large dog ran with them , and a red panda , and an ibex with tall backswept horns . 
 generals teng and chin drew their swords at the same time . 
 veering away from the door , they met the rebels violently . 
 pulling on a second clawed glove , sheyu rushed to join them . 
 meilin wanted to help but she was unarmed , and the enemies had weapons . 
 she looked around frantically for a weapon , but found none . 
 general chin and her father engaged the enemy with the same poise they used on the practice floor . 
 they worked in tandem , deflecting attacks , dispatching foes , and pivoting to lend each other assistance . 
 sheyu and his clouded leopard ducked and weaved among the rebels , narrowly dodging attacks and efficiently slashing opponents . 
 lenori dragged meilin to the door . 
 jhi stayed near her . 
 as a second group of rebels approached , sheyu and the generals fell back . 
 with blood flowing freely from his shoulder , general chin opened the door with a key . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 he cried . 
 the group streamed through , and general chin locked the door behind them . 
 meilin 's father took off at a run , leading them along the hallway within the parade-ground wall . 
 meilin stayed right behind him . 
 the thick walls muffled the tumult from the parade ground , so their footfalls echoed loudly . 
 glancing over her shoulder , meilin saw lenori 's bird hopping and fluttering along . 
 the panda brought up the rear , hurrying just enough to stay close . 
 meilin could tell where her father was headed . 
 the lookout station at the corner of the parade ground offered one of the highest vantages of jano rion . 
 they would be able to see most of the city and much beyond . 
 it was the quickest way for him to assess the situation . 
 as they raced along the hallway , meilin resisted asking questions . 
 had they been alone it would have been different . 
 but in mixed company , her father would volunteer information as he desired . 
 the soldiers at the base of the lookout tower straightened and saluted as her father drew near . 
 he gave a quick salute back and climbed onto the lifter . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 lenori asked hesitantly . 
 `` an ingenious device , '' sheyu explained . 
 `` counterweights will raise the platform to the top of the tower . '' 
 they all stepped onto the platform . 
 the panda showed no hesitation . 
 meilin stared into those silver eyes as the lifter rose briskly . 
 despite the chaos around them , the panda appeared serene and disturbingly knowing . 
 meilin looked away first . 
 when the lifter reached the top , meilin 's father hustled them out onto the observation terrace . 
 soldiers with telescopes paused to salute . 
 `` carry on , '' her father said . 
 the ranking officer approached , but her father waved him away , preferring to use his own faculties to assess the situation . 
 meilin stood beside him , eyes wide , hardly believing what she was seeing . 
 jano rion was under attack . 
 the capital of the province and one of the largest cities in zhong had battles raging within and without . 
 a huge host charged the city walls , rushing across the plain like a flood . 
 rebels swept through clusters of defenders trying to organize themselves . 
 many ran alongside animals . 
 others rode animals . 
 they carried swords and spears , maces and axes . 
 where had they come from ? 
 why had there been no warning ? 
 the city was burning . 
 black smoke billowed up from at least a dozen locations that meilin could see . 
 the old academy where she attended classes was aflame ! 
 that ancient building had stood for centuries . 
 her ancestors had studied there and now meilin watched it fall . 
 fierce skirmishes came in and out of view down on the streets . 
 meilin craned to see , but buildings and trees blocked much of the action . 
 meilin 's heart squeezed as she glanced up at her father 's stoic face . 
 she could tell he was shocked , but he hid it well . 
 those who did not know him intimately might not recognize how deeply he was stunned . 
 he held out a hand for a telescope . 
 raising it to one eye , he focused on a few areas beyond the city wall , then a few within . 
 `` so many have spirit animals , '' he murmured . 
 general chin had his own spyglass . 
 `` unprecedented . 
 there has n't been an army like this since ... '' `` the devourer , '' her father finished . 
 meilin blinked . 
 the devourer was a legend from the past , a monster in nursery stories . 
 why would her father mention him at a time like this ? 
 `` where did they all come from ? '' 
 sheyu asked . 
 `` how could that army have gotten past the wall of zhong without a single guard noticing ? '' 
 meilin looked to her father . 
 she had wanted to pose the same question . 
 `` they wear no uniforms , '' he said . 
 `` they did n't win through by force . 
 they must have trickled in - perhaps over years . 
 many look zhongese , but not all . 
 it staggers me to consider the logistics involved . 
 i would have named an attack of this scale impossible , yet here they are ! 
 the strength of zhong is concentrated far from here , along our outer wall . 
 many soldiers now travel toward shar liwao . 
 but that was evidently a diversion . '' 
 `` what must we do ? '' 
 general chin asked . 
 `` we will do our duty , '' general teng said . 
 he raised his voice . 
 `` leave us . '' 
 the other soldiers abandoned the observation terrace . 
 sheyu took lenori by the arm and turned to go . 
 `` not you , greencloaks , '' general teng said , his voice a quiet growl . 
 he kept a hand on meilin 's shoulder , so she knew he wanted her there as well . 
 sheyu and lenori drew closer . 
 meilin watched her father . 
 his expression made her uncomfortable . 
 she tried to suppress the fear gnawing inside . 
 `` jano rion will fall , '' he said plainly . 
 `` we do n't have enough defenders here to resist . 
 lenori , you claim that meilin has summoned jhi herself , the living symbol of zhong . 
 what does it mean ? 
 what do you propose ? '' 
 `` i wish to bring her to our commander , '' lenori said . 
 `` jhi is not the first of the four fallen to return in recent weeks . 
 this war is coming to all of erdas . 
 we mean to reunite the four fallen and fight . 
 it 's our only chance . '' 
 meilin felt the hand on her shoulder tighten . 
 her father gave a single nod . 
 `` so be it . 
 lenori , take my daughter . 
 this is no place for her at present . 
 sheyu , please see that they embark safely from the port at xin kao dai . '' 
 sheyu placed a fist to his chest and inclined his head . 
 `` it would be my honor . '' 
 `` father , i do n't want to go ! '' 
 meilin cried . 
 `` please let me stay with you . 
 please let me defend our home ! '' 
 `` it is not safe for you - '' `` where would i be safer than with the greatest general in all of erdas ? '' 
 `` and , '' he continued , holding up a hand to stay her , `` you may have vital duties elsewhere . '' 
 he crouched to look her straight in the eyes . 
 `` meilin , visit with this greencloak commander . 
 hear him out . 
 if he talks sense , and the path feels true , lend the aid that duty requires . 
 if not , seek a better path . 
 in either instance , do not forget who you are , or where you come from . '' 
 `` but - '' general teng shook his head . 
 `` this is my will . '' 
 meilin knew that the conversation was over . 
 her fate had been decided . 
 hot tears stung her eyes . 
 she looked out at the army charging toward her home , then down at the ravaging traitors already at work in the parade ground . 
 how could she run away , leaving her father to face this threat , his army divided and already half-defeated ? 
 she glanced over at jhi . 
 the panda returned her gaze with understanding and perhaps a hint of pity . 
 was she imagining the empathy in those penetrating eyes ? 
 meilin stared at the ground . 
 she did n't need understanding . 
 she needed strength . 
 not only did this panda have little chance of improving her combat skills , it was also the reason the greencloaks were taking her away . 
 away from her home . 
 away from her father . 
 a clamor arose from the stairwell . 
 an injured soldier staggered to the top of the stairs . 
 `` they 're coming up ! 
 there 's too many ! '' 
 meilin 's father gave a nod . 
 `` hold them as long as you can . '' 
 the soldier turned and hobbled back down the stairs . 
 unseen weapons clashed . 
 an animal screamed . 
 moving to the top of the stairs , general chin drew his sword . 
 meilin 's father pulled the levers that lowered the lifter , then gestured to a ladder that descended the interior of the shaft . 
 `` climb down to the first access tunnel . 
 it should allow you to slip by the rebels . 
 get out of the city . '' 
 meilin could n't hold back her worries . 
 `` what about - '' her father sliced his hand through the air and silenced her . 
 `` general chin and i will confirm you reach the tunnel , then we 'll make our escape . '' 
 he gave his daughter a strained smile . 
 `` i wo n't let this rabble take me . 
 go . '' 
 there was no room for argument . 
 meilin would not shame him with further pleas or disagreements . 
 meilin raised her eyes to his . 
 `` as you wish , father . '' 
 the others were already heading down the ladder . 
 she was mildly astonished to find jhi capable of descending unaided . 
 as meilin placed her foot on the first rung , general chin engaged his first foe . 
 just before her head passed down into the shaft , she saw general chin and her father backing up , swords flashing , pressed by numerous opponents . 
 she kept silent . 
 if the enemies noticed her descent , her father 's efforts would be in vain . 
 maybe he would still get away . 
 he was a cunning man . 
 with tears blurring her vision , meilin joined the others in the cramped tunnel . 
 taking her hand , sheyu led the way . 
 4 essix rollan loitered on the corner by the apothecary , keeping his back to the store . 
 down the cobbled street , between buildings with thick plaster walls and rounded facades , smarty and red were looking his way . 
 rollan tried to convey with his eyes that they should n't draw attention to him . 
 they got the message and faced elsewhere . 
 an orphan since age five , rollan knew that stealing was part of survival . 
 even so , he avoided it whenever possible . 
 he had no problem with claiming leftovers , since the owners were done with them . 
 people with money abandoned all sorts of things . 
 rollan had found clever ways to lay claim to unfinished meals and discarded clothing . 
 that was salvaging , not thievery . 
 but his current problem would not be solved through scrounging . 
 there was no such thing as leftover willow extract . 
 it was too valuable . 
 he and the boys used to have some , thanks to hands , but it had run out . 
 and now digger had a terrible fever . 
 they had wasted the precious medicine on less serious sicknesses . 
 had they known this was coming , they would have saved some , but it was too late . 
 they would n't be in this mess if hands had n't gotten arrested . 
 the boy had a gift for pilfering , and life had been much more comfortable with him around . 
 but hands got greedy and started going after real valuables . 
 the militia caught him and locked him up . 
 rollan glanced over his shoulder at the apothecary . 
 as with many businesses in town , a banner emblazoned with essix the falcon , patron beast of amaya , hung over the entrance . 
 digger really needed help . 
 he was burning up , and it kept getting worse . 
 without medicine , he could die . 
 folding his arms , rollan scowled at the ground . 
 he did n't like to steal , but it was n't out of deep respect for the law . 
 many of the profiteers in concorba made their fortunes on the backs of the poor , taking everything they could from people who had almost nothing , and the laws protected that system . 
 stealing was just too risky . 
 when kids got caught taking even the smallest thing , the penalties were harsh , especially as you got older . 
 plus he had his honor . 
 his own version of it anyway - never to take from the poor , never from the sick or infirm , and always to try other alternatives first . 
 the other boys teased rollan for his reluctance to pinch things . 
 they had tried to nickname him justice , but he had forcefully declined . 
 actually , he had dodged all of their attempted nicknames , which was why he was the only guy in the group without one . 
 no matter how he looked at it , stealing from the apothecary would be difficult . 
 the owner had an unfriendly reputation . 
 his employees were vigilant , and they turned troublemakers over to the militia . 
 rollan had warned the others not to go after the extract . 
 hands could have managed it , but nobody else had a fraction of his skill . 
 rollan was n't above asking for help . 
 begging had been good to him . 
 certain bakeries and inns did n't mind handing over stale bread or other unwanted food . 
 but times were hard and getting harder . 
 amaya was a young continent , much of it still untamed , and even in a big town like concorba , if a harvest went poorly or if pirates harassed the importers , pretty soon everyone felt the squeeze . 
 those at the bottom of the pecking order felt it the worst . 
 there was n't time to beg for enough money to buy the extract . 
 rollan had decided he would swipe it if he could - after all , the life of a friend outweighed some rule . 
 but after casing the store , he did n't think success was possible . 
 should he try anyway ? 
 rollan had asked for help from everywhere that made sense . 
 except at the apothecary . 
 unlikely as that option seemed , it might be more fruitful than the alternative . 
 steeling himself , he went inside . 
 the owner , eloy valdez , stood behind the counter in a white apron . 
 he had bushy gray sideburns and a receding hairline . 
 his eyes locked on rollan , who always drew attention when he entered a business . 
 even in his best clothes , he was too young and too scruffy . 
 rollan walked directly to the owner . 
 `` good afternoon , mr. valdez . '' 
 rollan tried on his brightest smile . 
 he knew beneath the grime he was a handsome kid , with his dark tousled hair and tan skin , but there was a lot of grime . 
 `` hello , boy , '' the man replied , his gaze suspicious . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` not me so much as a friend , '' rollan said . 
 `` he has a horrible fever . 
 this is the third day and it keeps getting worse . 
 i 'm an orphan , him too . 
 he needs willow extract . 
 i do n't have money , but i can work hard , help tidy up , whatever you need . '' 
 mr. valdez made the i-wish-i-could-help-you face rollan had seen so often . 
 `` that 's an expensive remedy . 
 and it 's in short supply these days , making it more costly still . '' 
 `` i do n't mind putting in a lot of work , '' rollan offered . 
 mr. valdez sucked air through his teeth . 
 `` you know how times are . 
 my two assistants already take care of everything . 
 i have no spare chores , and plenty of qualified men waiting for a vacancy . 
 sorry . '' 
 rollan 's cheeks burned with shame , but digger needed him . 
 `` maybe you could get creative ? 
 you know , to help stop a kid from dying ? '' 
 `` you want charity , '' mr. valdez said knowingly . 
 `` i 'm afraid i have a strict no-charity policy . 
 medicines are pricey . 
 if your friend were the only soul in town who could n't pay , i 'd surely lend a hand . 
 but endless people have desperate needs and no money . 
 if i give you a free remedy , i should provide for all the others as well . 
 i 'd be out of business in a week . '' 
 `` i wo n't tell anyone where it came from , '' rollan promised . 
 `` you might not be able to help everyone , but you can help him . 
 please , mr. valdez . 
 he 's got nobody . '' 
 `` secrets like free willow extract do n't keep , '' mr. valdez said . 
 `` besides , your tale may be true , but some such stories might not be . 
 how am i supposed to tell the difference ? 
 i ca n't help you . 
 good day . '' 
 rollan had been dismissed . 
 what options were left ? 
 if he returned after this , mr. valdez would study his every move . 
 stealing the extract was no longer a possibility . 
 `` how would you feel if you were alone in some alley , sick , no place to go , and everyone ignored you ? '' 
 `` that 's why i do n't live on the streets , '' mr. valdez said . 
 `` that 's why i worked hard to get where i am , and why i intend to stay here . 
 the needs of an urchin are not my obligation . '' 
 `` hard work does n't always get you off the streets , '' rollan said , frustration surging through him . 
 `` it wo n't always keep you off them either . 
 what if your store burned down ? '' 
 mr. valdez narrowed his eyes . 
 `` is that a threat ? '' 
 rollan raised both hands . 
 `` no ! 
 i just mean bad luck can strike anywhere . '' 
 `` aldo ! '' 
 mr. valdez called . 
 `` this person needs help finding the door . '' 
 the cause was lost . 
 rollan decided he could stop licking mr. valdez 's boots . 
 `` you need help finding a heart . 
 i hope you catch something without a remedy . 
 something besides old age . '' 
 a large man with his sleeves rolled back over thick , hairy arms strode in from the back of the store . 
 he came straight toward rollan . 
 behind him , smarty ducked behind the apothecary counter . 
 how had smarty gotten in here ? 
 through the back door ? 
 what was he thinking ? 
 his nickname was a joke , not a compliment . 
 he was going to get them both busted ! 
 rollan tried not to stare at his friend . 
 instead he watched aldo approach . 
 `` you thick ? '' 
 aldo barked . 
 `` beat it ! '' 
 rollan sidled toward the door , trying not to move too quickly . 
 he needed to get out of there , but if he ran off , smarty would get nabbed for sure . 
 aldo closed the distance , seized rollan roughly by the back of his neck , and marched him toward the doorway . 
 `` do n't let us catch you in here again , '' the big man warned . 
 `` aldo ! '' 
 mr. valdez cried . 
 looking back , rollan saw smarty speeding toward the back of the store . 
 `` he took a packet of willow extract ! '' 
 mr. valdez shouted . 
 `` santos ! '' 
 aldo dragged rollan toward the rear of the store . 
 `` get back here or your friend gets it ! '' 
 the big man yelled . 
 smarty never glanced back . 
 by the time aldo reached the back door , smarty was out of sight . 
 `` santos ! '' 
 mr. valdez cried , joining them . 
 `` where 's santos ? '' 
 `` on that errand , remember ? '' 
 aldo said . 
 mr. valdez turned furious eyes on rollan . 
 `` all that talk about working to pay off the debt - you were setting me up while your accomplice snuck in here ! 
 very low , even for scum . '' 
 `` he did it on his own , '' rollan insisted . 
 `` save it , kid , '' aldo said . 
 `` you helped steal the goods , you 'll do the time . '' 
 rollan kicked out at aldo 's knee , but the big man took it without a flinch . 
 rollan could feel the strength of the hand on his neck . 
 `` your next appointment is with the militia , '' mr. valdez said . 
 rollan knew there was no point in arguing . 
 at least digger would get his remedy . 
 the city militia kept a line of cells in the basement of their headquarters . 
 mildew thrived on the damp walls , and ancient straw littered the discolored stone floor . 
 the interior barriers were composed of iron bars , allowing the prisoners to see each other . 
 rollan sat on a decaying wicker mat . 
 men occupied three of the other cells . 
 one man was sickly and gaunt , another had slept since rollan arrived , and the third looked like the sort rollan had learned to avoid . 
 he was probably in here for something serious . 
 a guard had informed rollan that he would go before a judge tomorrow . 
 he was young enough that they might send him back to the orphanage . 
 the thought gave him shivers . 
 there was no worse racket than the orphanage in concorba . 
 the head guy lived well because he fed the kids the absolute minimum , made them work like slaves , dressed them like beggars , and never wasted resources on things like medicine . 
 rollan had run off for a reason . 
 he suspected he might actually prefer prison . 
 a door opened , and boots clomped down the stairs . 
 were they bringing in a new prisoner ? 
 rollan arose for a better look . 
 no , the jailer was alone . 
 he was portly with a stubbly jaw . 
 holding a ledger , he came to rollan 's cell . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 was this a trick question ? 
 would it benefit him more to seem older or younger ? 
 rollan was n't sure , so he answered honestly . 
 `` i 'm twelve next month . '' 
 the man made a notation . 
 `` you 're an orphan . '' 
 `` actually i 'm a lost prince . 
 if you take me back to eura , my father will reward you . '' 
 `` when did you run away from the orphanage ? '' 
 rollan considered the question , and found no reason to fib . 
 `` i was nine . '' 
 `` have you had your nectar ? '' 
 the question mildly surprised him . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you know what happens if you do n't take the nectar ? '' 
 `` a bonding could happen naturally . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 it 's against our town statutes not to drink the nectar within three months of turning eleven . '' 
 `` good thing i 'm already behind bars . 
 want some advice ? 
 you guys should make a law against eleven-year-olds dying because they have no medicine ! '' 
 the jailer harrumphed . 
 `` this is no game , boy . '' 
 `` does it sound like a game ? '' 
 rollan said . 
 `` have you ever played dying-alone-of-a-fever-because-willow-bark-costs-too-much ? 
 look , just add my lack of nectar to my list of charges . 
 for the record , nobody ever offered me any . '' 
 `` the militia gives nectar to any children of age who have n't received it . '' 
 `` you guys deserve more medals , '' rollan said . 
 the jailer held up a scolding finger . 
 `` if you have the potential to summon a spirit animal , it 'll happen on its own by age twelve or thirteen . 
 but do you know what could happen to you without the nectar ? 
 the bond is a gamble . 
 drives some people mad , others to illness . 
 some die on the spot . 
 others are fine . '' 
 `` but with the nectar it 's always stable , '' rollan said . 
 `` the great beasts may not have done much for us lately , but we 'll always owe ninani for the nectar . 
 but to benefit , you have to use it . '' 
 rollan huffed . 
 `` what are the chances i 'd call an animal ? 
 like a hundred to one ? 
 less ? '' 
 the jailer ignored him . 
 `` i know a greencloak who tends to orphans . 
 i 'll send her around by and by . '' 
 the jailer turned and climbed the stairs . 
 rollan stretched , pivoting at the waist , then raising his hands high . 
 `` i did n't expect a show today , '' said the gaunt man in the farthest cell . 
 `` what do you think you 'll call ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' rollan said . 
 `` i thought the same , '' the gaunt man said . 
 `` i was wrong . 
 i called a hedgehog . '' 
 `` you 're a greencloak ? '' 
 rollan asked , surprised . 
 the gaunt man snorted . 
 his eyes looked lost , his posture exhausted . 
 `` you see any cloak ? 
 my animal got killed . 
 the absence left me ... i wish i 'd lost a limb instead . '' 
 an hour later , maybe two , the jailer returned with a couple of uniformed militiamen and a greencloak . 
 she was in her late teens and of medium height . 
 her face was n't very pretty , but it was kind . 
 the jailer unlocked the cell gate and beckoned for rollan to step out . 
 one of the militiamen held a small cage with a rat inside . 
 exiting the cell , rollan nodded at the rat . 
 `` is that a joke ? '' 
 `` they say folks bond more easily if animals are present , '' the miltiaman said with a jeering smile . 
 `` we caught him a couple years back . 
 he 's our mascot . '' 
 `` very funny , '' rollan said dryly . 
 `` should we hunt for some spiders ? 
 maybe a cockroach ? '' 
 `` people do n't bond with insects , '' the greencloak said , `` although there is some precedence for summoning arachnids . '' 
 `` i 'll bet a copper piece he calls nothing , '' said the prisoner who rollan thought looked like trouble . 
 the man patted his pockets . 
 `` wait , two . '' 
 he produced them . 
 `` any takers ? '' 
 nobody agreed to the bet . 
 `` should we do it ? '' 
 rollan suggested , breaking the awkward silence . 
 for some kids the summoning ceremony was a big deal . 
 they got all dressed up with their families , spectators attended , lectures were given , refreshments served . 
 he was in a dirty jail with a rat , his guards , and his fellow prisoners . 
 he just wanted to get it over with . 
 the greencloak produced a simple flask . 
 she uncapped it and held it out to him . 
 `` only takes a swallow . '' 
 `` that was quite a speech , '' rollan said , accepting the flask . 
 `` your talents are wasted in dank basements . 
 you 're ready to work aboveground . '' 
 he took a sip . 
 there was a restaurant that sometimes gave him sweetened cinnamon toast , his favorite treat . 
 the nectar tasted sort of like that , but liquefied . 
 rollan wiped his lips . 
 as the greencloak reached for her flask , rollan swayed . 
 sparks zinged through his body . 
 what was going on ? 
 he held out the flask , but his arm felt unsteady . 
 the greencloak took the flask and rollan dropped to his knees . 
 `` what 's wrong with me ? '' 
 rollan slurred . 
 the entire jail rumbled and the room grew dark . 
 or was his vision failing ? 
 a blinding light appeared , lingered for a moment , and then vanished . 
 a falcon had joined them in the room , large and powerful , the feathers a brownish gold with white speckles on the breast . 
 with a flurry of wings , the raptor leaped up to rollan 's shoulder . 
 when the claws pinched into his skin , the sparking sensation ceased . 
 the others stared , dumbfounded . 
 for a moment , rollan 's eyes seemed unusually keen . 
 he was able to see the porous textures of the stone floor and walls . 
 he spotted a spider hiding amid the wafting cobwebs in a high corner and felt the startled moods of those around him with abnormal clarity . 
 and then , all of a sudden , he was back to normal . 
 `` it 's a falcon ! '' 
 the greencloak marveled . 
 `` a gyrfalcon ... with amber eyes ! '' 
 `` she 's a falcon , '' rollan clarified . 
 `` she 's a girl . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 the jailer asked . 
 rollan paused . 
 `` i just do . '' 
 `` she would be female , i suppose , '' the greencloak murmured . 
 seeming to snap out of a trance , she stared at rollan searchingly . 
 `` how is this possible ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 `` just some orphan , '' rollan said . 
 `` there has to be more to it than that , '' she muttered , half to herself . 
 `` i 'm also a criminal , '' rollan volunteered . 
 `` the worst kind of criminal , actually . '' 
 `` what kind is that ? '' 
 the greencloak asked . 
 `` the kind who got caught , '' rollan replied . 
 the greencloak glanced at the jailer . 
 `` put him back in his cell . 
 i 'll be back . '' 
 `` the bird too ? '' 
 the jailer asked . 
 `` naturally , '' the greencloak replied . 
 `` it 's his spirit animal . '' 
 `` guess it was my lucky day , '' mumbled the seedy prisoner . 
 `` nobody took my bet . 
 i get to keep my coppers . '' 
 it was not long before the jailer escorted a man to rollan 's cell . 
 the stranger looked like some sort of foreign lord . 
 he wore high boots , leather gauntlets , a fancy sword , and an embroidered blue cloak that rollan guessed cost more than a team of horses . 
 the man had a neatly trimmed beard on his chin , and gazed at rollan with interest . 
 `` would you like to get out of here , rollan ? '' 
 the man asked . 
 `` i might miss the itchy mat and the black stuff that rubs off the bars , '' rollan said . 
 `` sometimes we do n't appreciate what we have until we lose it . '' 
 the man smiled , but with the hint of a sneer . 
 `` why is n't your cloak green ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` my name is duke zerif , '' the man said . 
 `` i work with the greencloaks , but i 'm not one of them . 
 they send me to help with cases like yours . '' 
 `` cases like mine ? '' 
 zerif glanced at the jailer . 
 `` better if we converse in private . 
 i 've paid your bail . '' 
 `` fine with me , '' rollan said . 
 the jailer opened the cell door . 
 rollan stepped out , the bird on his shoulder , and exited with zerif , never glancing at the other prisoners , not saying a word to anyone . 
 what did this guy want ? 
 when they reached the street , zerif looked over at him . 
 `` that is a superior bird . '' 
 `` thanks , '' rollan grunted . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` today your new life begins , '' zerif said . 
 `` we have much to discuss . '' 
 `` bail is n't a pardon . 
 what about mr. valdez ? '' 
 `` the charges will be dropped . 
 i 'll take care of it . '' 
 rollan gave a slight nod . 
 `` what about the girl who gave me the nectar ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 zerif flashed a cocky grin . 
 `` these matters exceed her expertise . 
 you are no longer her assignment . 
 come . '' 
 the falcon gave rollan 's shoulder a brief , painful squeeze with her talons . 
 despite her weight , rollan had nearly forgotten her presence . 
 something about the timing of the squeeze , and the way zerif had spoken about the girl , made rollan uneasy . 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 did a trace of admiration creep into zerif 's grin ? 
 `` i 'm sure she 's fine . '' 
 he was lying and rollan knew it . 
 zerif even seemed to respect that rollan suspected him . 
 rollan felt a disturbing certainty that zerif had done something to the greencloak . 
 just who was this guy ? 
 zerif hurried them down the street . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` a quiet place to talk . 
 then far away from here , if you like . 
 have you ever yearned to see the world ? 
 that bird is your ticket . '' 
 the falcon shrieked loud enough to hurt rollan 's ears . 
 zerif 's eyes darted between the bird and rollan , his smile faltering a bit . 
 `` she does n't like you , '' rollan realized . 
 `` she 's just testing her voice , '' zerif answered . 
 `` i mean you no harm . '' 
 rollan would have bet two coppers that he was lying . 
 his response had almost sounded relaxed , but zerif was definitely acting . 
 and he was wearing a large sword . 
 `` what is that woman doing ? '' 
 rollan asked , pointing across the street . 
 as zerif turned to look , rollan ran . 
 they had passed an alley , and he turned and sprinted down it . 
 halfway along the alley , rollan risked a glance back and saw zerif in pursuit , blue cloak flapping behind him . 
 the man had jerked his sleeve back and the mark on his forearm flashed . 
 a canine creature landed in front of him , already running . 
 what was it ? 
 a coyote ? 
 rollan had hoped that the lordly stranger would be above chasing him . 
 apparently not . 
 but the coyote proved that zerif was one of the marked . 
 maybe he was a greencloak after all . 
 still , rollan did n't trust him and neither did the bird . 
 he needed to ditch him fast . 
 rollan had some experience escaping down alleyways . 
 he ran hard , and extended his hands to topple crates and rubbish bins into the path of his pursuers . 
 in spite of his efforts , he could hear them gaining . 
 visions of coyote teeth and the thought of zerif 's expensive sword impelled him to run faster . 
 rounding a corner , rollan raced into another alley . 
 he passed an occasional door , not daring to try it in case it was locked , or that whoever lay beyond might not aid him . 
 he had learned the hard way that an orphan in flight had few friends . 
 he glanced up , looking for a way up to the rooftops , but there was nothing in view . 
 the man and the coyote kept gaining . 
 ahead on the left , rollan saw a fence between buildings . 
 he jumped , grabbed the splintery top of it , and kicked one leg over . 
 with a snarl , the coyote leaped for his dangling leg . 
 teeth tore through his pant leg and scraped his skin , nearly yanking him from the wall . 
 `` come down from there ! '' 
 zerif ordered , racing forward with his sword drawn . 
 rollan rolled over the top of the fence and fell into a weedy lot with a shanty in one corner . 
 a ragged man glared at him unwelcomingly from the shadows of his hovel . 
 springing to his feet , rollan dashed across the lot . 
 as he approached the fence on the far side , rollan glanced back . 
 the coyote streaked across the lot toward him , but there was no sign of zerif . 
 had he tossed his spirit animal over the fence ? 
 rollan scanned the scraggly ground ahead as he ran for something to use as a weapon but saw nothing . 
 the coyote was closing in . 
 he knew he would barely win the race to the fence . 
 no way would he get up and over without getting mauled . 
 when rollan reached the fence , he jumped and grabbed the top with both hands as if he meant to climb , then turned in midair to kick the coyote springing at him square in the muzzle . 
 the blow connected cleanly , and the coyote hit the ground with a yelp . 
 rollan was up the fence and over before the animal had recovered . 
 the alley he landed in was wider . 
 as he debated which direction to go , zerif shot around a far corner , running with superhuman speed . 
 rollan could n't run half as fast as zerif was moving . 
 zerif had gone around most of the block in the time it had taken rollan to cross the lot . 
 rollan had heard stories about the powers the marked could receive from their bonds . 
 how could he escape from someone like that ? 
 he turned and ran the opposite way . 
 racing around another corner , rollan found himself sprinting toward a large man in a forest-green cloak astride a moose . 
 there was no time to digest the bizarre sight . 
 the moose barreled toward him , its massive antlers spanning almost the full width of the alley . 
 the gray-haired man astride it had a thick build and a fleshy face framed by a bristly beard . 
 he clutched a mace in one hand . 
 a mail shirt jangled under his cloak . 
 `` out of my way , boy ! '' 
 the greencloak bellowed . 
 lunging sideways , rollan flattened himself against the wall of the alley as the moose charged past . 
 he heard a shriek above him and the scrape of talons on metal as his bird landed on the roof . 
 zerif and the coyote bolted around the corner , skidding to a halt when they saw the oncoming moose . 
 the greencloak gave a battle cry and raised his mace . 
 zerif shouldered through the first door he reached , probably the back entrance to some business . 
 the greencloak paused for a moment , as if about to give chase , before he rode back to rollan . 
 `` what name did he give ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` that guy ? 
 zerif . '' 
 `` that much was true . 
 do you know him ? '' 
 `` i just met him . 
 he bailed me out of jail . '' 
 the man dismounted . 
 `` what did he tell you ? '' 
 `` not much , '' rollan said . 
 `` he wanted to take me away . '' 
 `` i expect he did , '' the man said . 
 `` we call zerif ` the jackal ' after his spirit animal , a cunning creature native to nilo . 
 he works for our archenemy , the devourer . '' 
 `` the devourer ? '' 
 rollan said . 
 it seemed so improbable he almost choked . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 `` my name is olvan . '' 
 rollan glanced at the huge moose and back again . 
 no way . 
 it could n't be . 
 `` the olvan ? '' 
 he said , shocked into a whisper . 
 `` if by that you mean the worldwide commander of the greencloaks , then yes , the olvan . '' 
 the gyrfalcon shrieked and swooped down to land on rollan 's shoulder . 
 rollan reached up to stroke her feathers . 
 he paused a long moment before he spoke . 
 `` suddenly everyone wants to be my friend . 
 both of you showed up so quickly . 
 is this about my falcon ? '' 
 `` she is not your falcon , son . 
 she is the falcon . '' 
 olvan let the words sink in . 
 `` you have summoned essix back into the world . '' 
 5 training abeke sat on the edge of a feather bed . 
 her room had a carved desk , an elaborate sofa , cushioned chairs , and a mirror framed in what she thought might be real gold - all for her personal use . 
 everyone she encountered treated her respectfully and a servant delivered tasty meals . 
 her leopard had turned her into royalty . 
 the room gently rocked from side to side . 
 to think such luxury was available on a ship ! 
 abeke would not have believed it had she not seen it . 
 she appreciated the courteous treatment , but did not feel comfortable in the fancy room . 
 it was too different from home . 
 there were no familiar faces or even familiar ways . 
 zerif had not joined her on the voyage . 
 at the dock , he had explained that urgent matters called him elsewhere , and entrusted her in the care of a stranger , a boy named shane . 
 after everything she had lost , the extra separation had stung . 
 less than a week earlier , zerif had convinced her father that abeke needed to leave okaihee , not just for her personal safety , but for the good of the village . 
 pojalo had promptly agreed . 
 part of abeke wished her father had struggled more with the decision . 
 she could not help wondering whether he would have relinquished soama so swiftly . 
 with the approval of her father , zerif had smuggled abeke and uraza away that same night . 
 abeke regretted never talking to chinwe before leaving . 
 chinwe had thought that abeke would be the village 's new rain dancer . 
 they certainly needed one . 
 in the rush to heed zerif 's advice , she had ignored the needs of her community . 
 what if her absence meant the drought would continue ? 
 what if she had shirked her destiny ? 
 what if she had missed her chance finally to fit in ? 
 despite the comforts aboard the ship , abeke missed her father and sister . 
 back home , they had all shared one room . 
 they had routines , meals together , and abeke was used to falling asleep to the sound of her father snoring . 
 each night on the ship , abeke struggled to find sleep . 
 nothing felt familiar . 
 at first there had been too many new experiences to get homesick - an exciting coach ride , a busy city , a sea of endless water too salty to drink , and then a ship big enough to hold most of the people in her village . 
 it was only after they set sail that abeke started to feel restless . 
 she had time to think . 
 she had time to miss prowling the savannah . 
 she had time to wish for familiar faces . 
 at least she had uraza . 
 abeke rubbed the leopard 's neck and the big cat purred , the vibrations tickling her palm . 
 uraza was not particularly affectionate , but she never rejected abeke 's stroking . 
 a knock came at her door . 
 it had to be shane . 
 he was the other pleasant part of the voyage . 
 he had been helping her learn to improve her connection with uraza . 
 `` come in , '' abeke said . 
 shane opened the door . 
 at twelve , he was only one year older than she was . 
 he was pale , but handsome , with a sturdy build and a relaxed competence that she admired . 
 like her , he had a spirit animal - a wolverine . 
 `` ready to go to the hold ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i thought you 'd never come , '' abeke said . 
 `` i 'm not used to being penned up . '' 
 he stood in the doorway , considering her . 
 `` it 's hard to leave all you know behind . 
 i had to leave my parents too . 
 my uncle helped train me , and he 's not around either . '' 
 `` my mother passed away four years ago , '' abeke confided . 
 `` she was the one who understood me . 
 my father and sister ... it was different with them . 
 but i do miss them . 
 i know they care for me , as i care for them . '' 
 shane 's expression softened . 
 `` people here care for you as well , abeke . 
 we see great potential in you . 
 those of us with heavy burdens find family where we can . 
 you have your spirit animal . 
 you 'll learn to find a lot of solace there . 
 come . '' 
 uraza followed them out the door . 
 as they passed sailors and soldiers , all eyes furtively strayed to the leopard . 
 uraza walked with the sinuous grace of a natural predator , and nobody wanted to get too close . 
 even the bravest gave her plenty of space , while others changed their routes to avoid her entirely . 
 after only four days at sea , abeke had learned to ignore the attention . 
 shane had prepared the hold for use as a training area . 
 crates , bales , and barrels had been shoved aside to form a long open space . 
 nobody disturbed them there . 
 `` have you spent time talking to uraza ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` showing fondness for her ? '' 
 `` yes , '' abeke said . 
 `` any spirit animal has unusual intelligence , '' he reminded her . 
 `` yours will have much more than most . 
 she ca n't talk , but that does n't mean she wo n't understand . '' 
 `` the great beasts could speak , '' abeke said , passing through a door into the cargo hold . 
 `` at least they do in the stories . '' 
 `` when she was a great beast , uraza was larger than a horse , '' shane reminded her . 
 `` does that mean my uraza is a cub ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 the powerful leopard sure did n't look like a baby . 
 `` spirit animals always arrive as adults , '' shane said . 
 `` whether uraza will grow into everything she once was is hard to guess . 
 we 'll have to wait and see . '' 
 abeke turned to face uraza . 
 the leopard gazed at her , violet eyes bright . 
 `` can you sense her mood ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' abeke said , staring hard . 
 `` interested , maybe ? '' 
 `` that seems likely , '' shane said . 
 `` the more you practice , the better you 'll perceive her emotions . 
 that 's the first step to borrowing her energy in times of need . '' 
 `` what about the passive state ? '' 
 abeke had always been impressed by chinwe 's ability to change her wildebeest into a tattoo on her leg . 
 `` that is more up to uraza than to you , '' shane said . 
 `` you must gain her trust . 
 she enters her passive state voluntarily , but she ca n't emerge until you release her . '' 
 `` you keep your wolverine dormant ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 once , at her pleading , he had bashfully shown her the hint of a mark high on his chest . 
 `` most of the time . 
 renneg is great in a fight , but does n't play well with others . 
 when uraza consents , you 'll get to pick where the mark will go . 
 many choose their arms or the back of the hand . 
 it 's convenient . '' 
 abeke had only seen the wolverine once , when they were boarding the ship . 
 it was compact , but looked vicious . 
 shane held up a short wooden stick . 
 `` we did enough archery yesterday . 
 you 're good , but i did n't sense uraza making you any better . 
 i thought today we should try something more strenuous . 
 we 'll pretend this is a knife . 
 all you have to do is stab me . '' 
 he handed abeke the stick . 
 abeke went and knelt before uraza . 
 the leopard lounged on the floor , body curled , head up , long tail swishing languidly . 
 abeke took in the spotted perfection of her pelt , the black around her vibrant eyes , and the muscular power of her sleek body . 
 how could such a strong , wild creature be her companion ? 
 uraza gazed at her , unblinking . 
 abeke gently touched one of her paws . 
 `` we 're a team now . 
 like it or not , we 're both far from home , but at least we have each other . 
 i can tell you do n't love this ship . 
 neither do i . 
 but it 's just taking us someplace where we can be outside again . 
 i really do like you - you 're quiet , you 're not pushy , and we come from the same place . 
 i want to learn to work together . '' 
 uraza purred and abeke fluttered inside . 
 was it her imagination , or had they begun to connect ? 
 it was difficult to be sure . 
 abeke turned to face shane . 
 `` whenever you 're ready , '' he invited . 
 abeke shuffled forward , the stick held in front of her . 
 back home , she had used a spear at times , and had practiced a lot with a bow . 
 she knew little about fighting with a knife . 
 this did n't seem like an effective way to confront a larger , more experienced opponent . 
 she would never approach somebody like shane openly . 
 her only chance would be to strike from behind , attack out of hiding . 
 with surprise on her side , she 'd have much better odds of succeeding . 
 but this was just practice . 
 she needed to fight according to shane 's guidelines . 
 maybe there was something predatory in uraza that would amplify her efforts . 
 as abeke closed in , she tried a quick stab . 
 shane pivoted away , slapping her wrist . 
 three more stabs led to three more slaps . 
 she felt no assistance from uraza . 
 `` this is pointless , '' abeke groaned , relaxing her stance . 
 `` you just need - '' she lunged and stabbed hard , hoping to catch him off guard . 
 shane dodged her attack and seized her wrist . 
 for a moment they struggled . 
 abeke silently asked uraza for help . 
 shane pried the stick from her fingers and touched it to her belly . 
 `` good try , '' he said . 
 `` you almost caught me napping . '' 
 `` i would never attack you like this in real life , '' abeke said . 
 `` i 'd sneak up on you . '' 
 shane nodded . 
 `` that would be smarter . 
 and more suited to how a leopard would hunt . 
 tell you what - i 'll go to the far side of the hold and stand with my back to you . 
 i wo n't turn unless i hear something suspicious . 
 deal ? '' 
 abeke nodded . 
 this new game would play to her more proven abilities . 
 shane returned the stick to her and trotted to the far side of the room . 
 staying low , her pretend knife ready , abeke crept forward . 
 step by step she drew nearer . 
 `` are you moving yet ? '' 
 shane asked , facing away from her . 
 `` if so , you 're good at it . 
 if not , hurry up - we do n't have all day . '' 
 abeke fought against a smile . 
 she knew that she was a skilled stalker , and it was nice to hear shane recognize it . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she found the leopard watching attentively , her posture more alert than earlier . 
 the door near shane burst open and a figure raced toward him . 
 robed in black , face covered , the attacker held a curved sword ready . 
 shane ducked a swipe of the sword and grappled with the intruder . 
 `` run , abeke ! '' 
 shane shouted . 
 `` it 's an assassin . 
 fetch the captain ! '' 
 the assassin was bigger than shane . 
 they wrestled for control of the sword . 
 abeke found herself in a low crouch , both unfamiliar and instinctive . 
 a foreign energy blazed into her muscles - every fiber seemed taut and ready to release . 
 her senses had never felt so keen . 
 she heard the subtle creak of the timbers as the ship rocked gently to the right . 
 she could smell the attacker , a full-grown man , and could distinguish easily between him and shane . 
 her vision was enhanced as well , sharpened . 
 no part of her intended to heed shane 's instruction to run . 
 her heart swelled with courage . 
 and she sprang . 
 although several paces from shane , abeke closed the distance with a single leap . 
 hurtling through the air , she lashed out with one leg and kicked the attacker in the arm . 
 he spun to one knee and his sword flew free , clattering across the plank floor . 
 the man rose to his feet with a vicious uppercut that abeke evaded almost without thought . 
 he backed off a step or two , one hand up , ready for combat , the other flopping useless at his side . 
 abeke leaped forward and kicked him in the ribs , her foot crashing through his attempt to block it . 
 the blow landed with enough force to send the assassin flying into the wall . 
 he slumped facedown . 
 her instincts screamed to finish the job , but before abeke could close in , she felt a firm hand on her shoulder . 
 `` no , abeke ! 
 no more ! 
 it was pretend . 
 he was acting . '' 
 she slipped out of her heightened state and glared at shane . 
 `` pretend ? '' 
 uraza gave an angry growl , the first abeke had heard from the leopard . 
 `` i wanted to see how you would perform under pressure , '' shane explained . 
 `` it worked , abeke . 
 that was incredible ! 
 many of the marked train their entire lives without ever attacking like that . '' 
 trembling with unreleased energy , abeke struggled to calm herself . 
 the praise did not escape her notice , but it was hard to embrace it when she felt so stunned . 
 `` you got a true response through trickery , '' she said . 
 `` what you just did to us was a betrayal . '' 
 `` i-i 'm sorry . '' 
 shane 's smile fell . 
 his earlier excitement gave way to embarrassment . 
 `` really . 
 i was trying to help . 
 it was a training technique . 
 i did n't know you 'd see it this way . '' 
 `` never again , '' abeke said , struggling to calm herself , `` or the next time you 're in trouble , we will let the attackers have you . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 shane ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` you 're right , it was unfair to you and to uraza . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 abeke felt some of the tension leave her . 
 she nodded toward the fallen assailant . 
 `` is he all right ? '' 
 shane crouched beside him and felt his neck . 
 `` he 's unconscious . 
 he 'll live . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` honestly , i could n't imagine you would have been able to take out a trained , full-grown opponent . 
 let me take care of this . 
 you know the way back to your cabin . '' 
 abeke turned and found uraza facing her , having approached silently . 
 now there was no doubt about the wordless understanding . 
 abeke held out her arm . 
 with a searing pain and a brief flash , uraza leaped to become a blaze of black just below her elbow . 
 6 sunset tower rollan stood with his head tipped back , using one hand to shield his eyes from the sun as he followed the flight of his falcon . 
 essix turned in two wide circles , soaring higher than the tallest spire of the greencloak fortress . 
 the grass came up to rollan 's knees . 
 inside sunset tower , they had training rooms and spacious courtyards , but he preferred spending time outside the walls . 
 too many people inside the fortress stared at him , some with doubt , others expectantly . 
 either reaction unsettled him . 
 besides , it was prettier outside . 
 wilderness had surrounded concorba at a distance , but he rarely ever saw it . 
 there were a few parks in town , some weedy lots , and the muddy banks of sipimiss river , but the port city was mostly a place of commerce . 
 he had occasionally seen farmland beyond the town boundaries , but nothing like this - not big hills , not woods , not wild meadows . 
 an imposing collection of bulky structures enclosed by tall walls of heavy stone , sunset tower was not the main amayan stronghold of the greencloaks . 
 rather , it served as the westernmost greencloak outpost in northern amaya . 
 any farther west led to untamed land controlled mostly by beasts and the amayan tribes . 
 rollan whistled . 
 `` essix , to me ! '' 
 the bird continued to glide on lofty breezes . 
 `` essix , come ! '' 
 the falcon drifted through another lazy turn . 
 `` get down here ! 
 how hard is it to follow simple instructions ? 
 the dimmest kid i know can do that much ! '' 
 bad move . 
 essix now seemed to be flying farther away from him on purpose . 
 rollan took a calming breath . 
 he had already learned that shouting angry words would keep the bird in the sky all day . 
 `` please , essix , '' he called more gently . 
 `` olvan wants us to learn to work as one . '' 
 the falcon tucked her wings and plunged toward him . 
 he held up a protected hand , the large brown glove a gift from olvan . 
 after arrowing down with blinding speed , essix spread her wings at the last moment to slow her descent and alighted on his forearm . 
 `` good girl , '' rollan said , stroking her feathers . 
 `` want to try the passive state ? 
 want to become a mark on my arm ? '' 
 rollan needed no comprehension of bird speech to recognize that her piercing cry meant absolutely not . 
 rollan gritted his teeth but kept petting her . 
 `` come on , essix . 
 you do n't want us to look useless when the others get here . 
 let 's show them what we can do . '' 
 the falcon cocked her head to stare at him with one amber eye . 
 her feathers ruffled up , but she made no further sound . 
 `` hey , it does n't just reflect on me , '' rollan said . 
 `` it makes you look bad too . '' 
 behind him , a horn sounded . 
 another horn answered . 
 the greencloaks at sunset tower liked to announce their comings and goings with horns . 
 `` that probably means they 're here , '' rollan said . 
 essix hopped to his shoulder . 
 yesterday , olvan had informed rollan that two of the other three fallen beasts were on their way to sunset tower with their bonded partners . 
 he explained that after they arrived , rollan would learn more about what was needed from him . 
 there was always one reason or another to delay a full explanation . 
 rollan wondered if the other kids had already taken the greencloak vows . 
 olvan said that the vows meant a lifetime commitment to defending erdas and standing united with the other greencloaks . 
 in return , rollan would receive help developing his relationship with essix , he would be given duty and purpose , and he would never want for food , shelter , or fellowship . 
 rollan was n't sure he bought it . 
 the return of the four fallen was supposed to be a really big deal , but olvan refused to say what they were actually meant to do . 
 how long did olvan expect him to wait ? 
 now that essix had freed rollan from a life of poverty , he questioned whether he wanted to tie himself down . 
 he had never enjoyed taking orders . 
 people with authority tended to abuse it . 
 with essix on his shoulder , who knew what options awaited ? 
 it was possible that joining the greencloaks would prove to be his best opportunity , especially if he had become a target of people like zerif . 
 then again , rollan had n't had time to explore all of the alternatives . 
 instead of turning down olvan , rollan asked for time to think it over . 
 that had been three days ago . 
 as rollan tromped through the tall grass toward the gate of sunset tower , a grim greencloak astride a mighty horse rode into view . 
 a girl walked beside the greencloak on one side and a boy on the other . 
 a panda ambled beside the girl , and a large wolf loped beside the boy . 
 they were all headed for rollan , so he picked up his pace . 
 he knew the panda and wolf must be two of the other fallen , jhi and briggan . 
 the greencloak dismounted when he drew near , and rollan sized him up . 
 he was the sort of stranger rollan would have avoided on the streets of concorba . 
 the boy had blond hair and wore a green cloak , meaning he had taken the vows . 
 although he was average height for his age , he seemed young . 
 he had a friendly , open face - the sort of face that had n't figured out what life was like yet . 
 the girl was striking . 
 she had sparkling eyes and a shy smile that stopped rollan in his tracks . 
 a faint response in her expression told rollan that she appreciated his reaction , and he realized that her shy smile was practiced . 
 judging by her outfit and her features , she came from zhong , which made sense , given her spirit animal . 
 rollan had never seen a real panda . 
 or a wolf . 
 his only exposure to such creatures came from the widow renata , who used to visit the orphanage and read them picture books about the great beasts . 
 `` i 'm tarik , '' the greencloak said . 
 `` i take it you 're rollan ? '' 
 `` i was trying to keep a low profile , '' rollan said . 
 `` how could you tell ? 
 it was the falcon , was n't it ? '' 
 `` meilin , conor , i would like you to meet rollan , '' tarik said . 
 `` he was born and raised here in amaya . 
 just as you two summoned jhi and briggan , he called essix . '' 
 the wolf padded forward and the falcon fluttered down to stand before it . 
 the panda moved in close as well , and essix gave a soft screech . 
 the three animals cautiously investigated each other . 
 `` do they remember ? '' 
 meilin asked , speaking common . 
 she had a nice voice . 
 it matched her appearance . 
 `` perhaps , '' tarik said . 
 `` it 's difficult to pinpoint how much of their former lives they recall . 
 much of it might be instinct at this stage . '' 
 `` what about the fourth fallen beast ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` uraza . '' 
 tarik scowled . 
 `` somebody got to uraza and her new partner before us , much as zerif attempted with you . 
 the girl is named abeke . 
 we do n't know her present location , but we wo n't rest until we find her . 
 lenori believes that she and uraza are still alive . 
 the challenge will be finding them . '' 
 `` is lenori how you found us ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 tarik nodded . 
 `` lenori is the most gifted visionary of all the greencloaks . 
 thanks to her unique foresight , we suspected the four fallen were returning . '' 
 `` her powers ca n't be entirely unique , '' rollan pointed out . 
 `` not if somebody beat you to the girl in nilo . '' 
 `` if uraza is currently lost , '' meilin said , `` then the three of us must represent the four fallen . 
 are n't we supposed to learn what 's going on , now that we 're together ? '' 
 `` that information is olvan 's to share , '' tarik told her . 
 `` you already know that we want you to join the greencloaks and help us preserve erdas . '' 
 `` from the devourer ? '' 
 rollan asked , not hiding his skepticism . 
 tarik seemed momentarily startled by this question . 
 `` who mentioned the devourer ? '' 
 `` this guy i met , '' rollan said . 
 `` he was riding a moose . '' 
 `` we 're still not positive who we 're up against . 
 if it is n't the devourer himself , it 's somebody very much like him . 
 it should n't be long before olvan explains why we need your help . 
 for the moment , you three should seize this chance to get better acquainted . 
 you 'll see a lot of each other in the coming days . 
 i 'll ride ahead to announce our arrival . '' 
 `` get ready to be stared at , '' rollan warned the others as tarik rode away . 
 `` it 's all people have done since i arrived . 
 at first i worried i had food on my face . '' 
 `` people tend to stare at newcomers , '' meilin said . 
 `` especially important ones . '' 
 `` i guess our animals make us important , '' conor said , sounding uncertain whether he believed it . 
 the conversation died out . 
 conor looked uneasy . 
 rollan sized up the other two and their animals . 
 briggan was the most impressive beast . 
 rollan knew some people back in concorba he would love to scare with a wolf like that . 
 the panda just sat pawing at the grass . 
 conor seemed shy . 
 meilin acted uninterested . 
 `` judging by your clothes , i take it you 're rich , '' rollan said to her . 
 `` wealth is relative , '' she replied with a cold look . 
 `` the emperor has much more treasure than my father . '' 
 rollan chuckled . 
 `` if the zhongese emperor is your example of someone richer than you , you have to be loaded . '' 
 `` my father is a general and there are also successful merchants in my bloodline . '' 
 `` yep , rich , '' rollan said . 
 `` what about you , conor ? 
 do you have a family or a bloodline ? '' 
 conor blushed a little , glancing at meilin . 
 `` a family . 
 we have bloodlines , i guess , but we do n't use that word . 
 we 're shepherds . 
 i got stuck as a servant for a time , but i always preferred the outdoors . '' 
 `` and i 'm an orphan , '' rollan said bluntly . 
 `` i 'm only here because essix was my ticket out of jail . '' 
 `` jail ! '' 
 conor exclaimed . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 rollan checked to make sure they were both listening closely , then leaned in . 
 `` actually , i was innocent - not that i had any proof . 
 i was arrested for stealing medicine from an apothecary . '' 
 `` were you sick ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` a friend had a bad fever . 
 but i did n't swipe the medicine . 
 another friend did . 
 i was around when it happened , so they assumed i was in on it . '' 
 `` which is the lie ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` that you were in jail , or that you were there for stealing medicine ? '' 
 rollan shrugged . 
 `` you got me . 
 i 'm actually olvan 's son . 
 he 's having me spy on you . '' 
 meilin did n't challenge him further , but rollan could tell she did n't trust him . 
 maybe she was n't completely stupid . 
 it was a pretty far-fetched story . 
 plus she had n't accepted a green cloak yet . 
 conor peered over his shoulder at sunset tower . 
 `` what do you think they want us to do ? '' 
 `` maybe you should have asked before you put on the cloak , '' rollan suggested . 
 `` i expect they 'll want us as soldiers , '' meilin said . 
 `` leaders , probably . 
 the war has already begun . '' 
 `` i bet they want us as mascots , '' rollan said . 
 `` they 'll probably add me to the amayan flag . '' 
 conor laughed , blushing slightly . 
 `` can you imagine ? 
 as if all the attention did n't make me uncomfortable enough . '' 
 `` this is a poor hour for humor , '' meilin snapped , her eyes blazing . 
 `` zhong is under heavy attack . 
 the greencloaks smuggled me away as my father fought to defend our city . 
 i still have n't heard whether he lived or died ! 
 whatever they have planned for us better be good . '' 
 rollan eyed her warily . 
 `` i 'm not sure how helpful i 'll be , '' rollan said . 
 `` do you two have any tips about the animals ? 
 i can hardly get essix to do anything . '' 
 `` i 've been trying with briggan , '' conor said , crouching to pet his wolf . 
 `` he can be stubborn . 
 the more we 've gotten to know each other , the better it 's become . 
 tarik told me that eventually we can get powers from them . '' 
 rollan glanced at meilin and her panda . 
 `` what 's your power going to be ? 
 cuddling ? '' 
 meilin 's face was pure ice . 
 for a moment her lips trembled , but after that the anger only touched her eyes . 
 she held out her arm and in a flash jhi became a design on the back of her hand . 
 she turned and stormed away . 
 `` see , '' rollan called . 
 `` like that ! 
 how did you figure that out ? '' 
 `` too late , '' conor said quietly . 
 `` i have n't known meilin long , but i can tell she has a temper . '' 
 `` can you do that too ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` the tattoo thing ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' conor said . 
 rollan stroked essix . 
 `` at least we 're not the only slow learners . '' 
 sunset tower was dark and still as rollan crept out of his room . 
 he paused , listening , ready with answers if he was challenged by a watchman : he could n't sleep ; he needed a snack . 
 but no challenge came . 
 peering back into his room , rollan saw essix roosting near the window , head tucked in sleep . 
 he eased the door closed . 
 the open window would allow the falcon to catch up with him . 
 the bird might not approve of his decision , which was why he had n't tried to explain , but she would follow . 
 they were linked now . 
 along the hallway , small oil lamps trimmed to a slow burn provided dim light . 
 moving down the corridor , rollan felt the alert guilt of a trespasser . 
 the late hour meant he might not encounter anyone , but if he did , he knew it would look extra suspicious . 
 the farther he deviated from the path to the kitchen , the more conspicuous he felt . 
 how could he answer why he was heading for the castle gate fully dressed with a satchel ? 
 why did he need a snack when his satchel was crammed with stolen food ? 
 his responses sounded so unlikely : he could n't relax ; he felt confined ; he needed some fresh air . 
 anyone with half a brain would guess the truth . 
 he was running away . 
 the thought produced a stab of remorse , which he tried to shrug off . 
 had he ever asked to come here ? 
 olvan had promised to protect him from zerif , but who would protect him from olvan ? 
 rollan knew that , in theory , he was a guest of the greencloaks , but he was starting to feel more like a prisoner . 
 sure , it was mostly smiles and politeness now . 
 but the greencloaks ' expectations were his chains . 
 how long would the friendliness last if he quit following orders ? 
 how long would it last if they caught him tonight ? 
 he and the others had returned to the fortress earlier to - once again - the weight of the promised stares . 
 the greencloaks helped conor and meilin get settled , but no additional information was forthcoming . 
 rollan had asked more questions , but - once again - they were deflected . 
 that evening , rollan decided he had waited for specifics long enough . 
 the more time he stayed , the clearer it became that the greencloaks would settle for nothing less than a lifelong commitment , so they could benefit from his falcon . 
 with conor and meilin here , the pressure on him would only increase . 
 each day he stayed implied that he meant to commit . 
 if he wanted to get away , the time to act was now . 
 besides the big gate , rollan had seen three minor gates in the outer wall . 
 all were heavily reinforced and disguised from the outside . 
 as far as he could tell , they only opened from within . 
 over the past week he had tried all of them . 
 he knew which one he would use tonight . 
 rollan heard the tones of a distant conversation up ahead and froze . 
 he could n't distinguish words , but the blurry murmuring had no urgency to it . 
 apparently , guards were covering the main door to the courtyard , chatting to pass the time . 
 that was no obstacle . 
 too many doors led from the main building out to the courtyard for them all to be guarded . 
 there was no war here in amaya , and people had to sleep . 
 stepping lightly but swiftly , rollan advanced along a narrow corridor toward another door that would lead outside . 
 from up ahead a voice floated his way . 
 `` come on , briggan ! 
 you do n't want food ; you do n't want to go outside - ca n't this wait until morning ? '' 
 it was conor ! 
 what was he doing up ? 
 rollan slipped down a side corridor , unsure where it led . 
 he went around a corner and paused to listen . 
 he could barely hear the wolf , but conor was making no effort to walk quietly . 
 they were coming his way ! 
 moving faster , rollan took a couple other turns before the hall ended at a locked door . 
 breathing softly , he listened as conor and the wolf got nearer and nearer . 
 surely they would turn a different direction ! 
 why would they come down a dead end ? 
 unless the wolf was tracking him . 
 rollan folded his arms and leaned against the wall , hoping he could sell the idea that he was just hanging around the castle . 
 at this hour , it did n't seem very believable , but conor did n't give the impression that he was a genius . 
 conor came into view with briggan . 
 the wolf stopped , staring at rollan . 
 looking rumpled and tired , conor squinted . 
 `` rollan ? 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` could n't sleep , '' rollan said . 
 `` i was exploring . 
 why are you up so late ? '' 
 conor yawned and stretched . 
 `` i was trying to sleep , but briggan kept pawing the door . '' 
 rollan looked at the wolf . 
 it sat back , mouth open , tongue dangling . 
 conor wrinkled his nose . 
 `` why hang out here ? 
 are you up to something ? '' 
 `` fine , '' rollan said , as if about to reluctantly admit the truth . 
 `` essix went out flying but has n't returned . 
 i want to make sure she 's all right . '' 
 `` so you came here . 
 to a dead end , '' conor clarified . 
 `` i lost my way . '' 
 `` so you stood against a door . '' 
 rollan thought fast . 
 maybe conor was n't so dim , after all . 
 `` i heard you coming and got embarrassed . 
 i did n't want to seem lost . 
 i really am concerned about essix . '' 
 conor frowned . 
 `` if you 're worried , we should tell olvan . 
 i 'm sure he has lots of people who can help us find essix . '' 
 rollan hesitated . 
 it had been a feeble excuse , but better than pretending he thought the kitchen was on this side of the castle . 
 `` you 're right . 
 why do n't you and briggan go tell olvan ? 
 i want to get started on my own just in case . '' 
 conor glanced at the satchel . 
 `` what 's in the bag ? '' 
 `` falcon food . 
 you know ... as bait . '' 
 conor gave him a look . 
 `` big bag for falcon food . '' 
 rollan sighed and gave up . 
 `` look , do n't get olvan . 
 essix is fine . 
 i 'm just ... thinking about a change of scenery . '' 
 `` you 're running away ? '' 
 conor blurted incredulously . 
 briggan cocked his head . 
 `` i 'm escaping , '' rollan clarified . 
 `` you 're not a prisoner , '' conor said . 
 `` i 'm not so sure ! '' 
 rollan replied . 
 `` you think they 'd let me go ? 
 just wander off with essix ? '' 
 conor paused . 
 `` yeah , if you insisted . '' 
 `` how would you know ? 
 you signed up as soon as they dangled a cloak in front of you . '' 
 conor shifted . 
 `` i signed up after i learned that i had summoned briggan , '' he replied defensively . 
 `` i never asked for my own great beast , but it happened , and now the greencloaks need my help to protect the world . '' 
 `` from what ? '' 
 rollan scoffed . 
 `` they still have n't explained ! 
 not really . 
 we hear there 's a war in zhong . 
 they whisper about the devourer . 
 people i 've never met look at me hopefully , and i have no idea what they expect . 
 even if my falcon really is the same essix from the old stories , what are we supposed to do about a war ? 
 in the stories essix was huge and could talk . 
 this essix hardly seems to like me ! '' 
 `` i wonder why , '' conor said . 
 briggan gave his head a quick shake . 
 was the wolf laughing at them ? 
 `` watch it , sheep boy . '' 
 rollan bristled . 
 `` you might like being herded , but that is n't my style . '' 
 `` yeah , well , at least i do n't run away the second i get scared , '' conor replied with sputtering anger . 
 `` you think this is n't hard for me ? 
 you think i do n't have doubts too ? 
 you think i want to be stuck in some castle across the sea from my home ? 
 go ahead and call me sheep boy any time you want . 
 herding sheep takes a lot more courage and know-how than sneaking away in the night ! '' 
 rollan found himself temporarily at a loss for words . 
 if conor was working with the greencloaks in spite of his own doubts , because he thought it was the right thing to do , well , there was n't much fault to find in that . 
 not that he had to admit it . 
 `` i just need some space , '' rollan said softly , choosing to fight honesty with honesty . 
 `` how am i supposed to think this through while surrounded by greencloaks ? 
 every meal i eat , every hand i shake , feels like pressure to join them . 
 how am i supposed to make my own choice ? 
 the greencloaks probably are n't bad folks . 
 but i 'm not sure their interest in me goes one inch beyond the falcon . 
 that means they 're using me and that makes me cautious . '' 
 `` i hear you , '' conor said . 
 `` nobody paid much mind to me either , until briggan came along . 
 then i was suddenly the center of attention . '' 
 `` does n't that make you question their motives ? '' 
 conor gave a little nod and briggan stared expectantly at him . 
 `` maybe . 
 but i 'm convinced that they 're trying to defend erdas . 
 they need briggan , so they need me too . 
 besides , briggan seems to trust them . '' 
 the wolf wagged his tail and began to pace . 
 rollan glanced at the corridor behind conor . 
 `` whatever i choose , i guess i blew my escape tonight . 
 you going to turn me in ? '' 
 `` you have n't done anything , '' conor replied , meeting rollan 's eyes steadily . 
 rollan lowered his head and rubbed his eyebrows with his knuckles . 
 `` i guess i could wait around to hear the specifics . '' 
 `` you could probably make a better choice that way , '' conor pointed out . 
 `` meanwhile , they 'll have the chance to keep reeling me in , '' rollan said . 
 `` i wo n't let them force me into this . 
 i do n't care if it gets awkward . 
 i do n't even care if they lock me up . 
 actually , if they lock me up , i 'll know i made the right call . '' 
 conor extended his arms and opened his mouth in a jaw-cracking yawn . 
 `` i 'm glad you might stick around for now . 
 i 'd hate to be left alone with meilin . '' 
 rollan smirked . 
 `` does she scare you ? '' 
 conor shrugged . 
 `` i 've got two brothers . 
 i do n't know the first thing about girls . '' 
 `` i hear they like flowers . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 conor turned and patted the side of his leg . 
 `` come on , briggan , let 's get back to bed . 
 good night , rollan . '' 
 `` night . '' 
 he watched until conor walked out of sight . 
 then rollan reconsidered his options . 
 he supposed he could still make his escape . 
 but the mood had left him . 
 rollan started back toward his room . 
 his secret departure may have been compromised , but all was not lost . 
 he could always steal away some other night . 
 7 teamwork on her way to the training room , almost every single person meilin passed stared at her . 
 some covertly , some unashamedly gawking . 
 conversations stopped in mid-sentence when she came into view , and once she passed , whispers followed her . 
 the few who did n't stare sent her careful glances or self-conscious waves and nods , which were almost more telling . 
 rollan was right . 
 the greencloaks had heavy expectations of her . 
 meilin entered the wide and airy room and found conor waiting with his wolf . 
 the training area looked almost too large - much bigger than the practice space she had used with the masters back home . 
 she guessed the vaulted ceiling was meant for greencloaks with winged beasts . 
 `` glad to see you , '' conor said , rubbing his arm self-consciously . 
 `` i was starting to worry i 'd come to the wrong place . '' 
 `` i got a message with my breakfast , '' meilin said . 
 `` they asked me to report here with jhi as soon as i finished . '' 
 conor nodded . 
 `` me too . 
 i could hardly eat after the note . 
 i ca n't , um , i do n't know my letters very well , so i had to get help to read it . '' 
 conor reddened . 
 `` did it sound like a test to you ? '' 
 `` some kind of assessment . '' 
 conor glanced at briggan , then back at meilin . 
 `` i guess jhi is on your hand ? '' 
 `` she seems to prefer it much of the time . '' 
 conor nodded , then seemed very aware that he had run out of things to say . 
 crouching , he stroked briggan . 
 meilin watched him avoid her gaze . 
 he was a simple boy , baseborn , uneducated , yet in one important way he was her peer - he had summoned one of the four fallen . 
 why him ? 
 could it be random chance ? 
 if so , why her ? 
 would random chance select someone as prepared for leadership as herself ? 
 rollan entered the room , the falcon on his shoulder . 
 `` am i late ? '' 
 conor looked up , relief stamped on his face . 
 `` glad you 're here . '' 
 some quiet understanding passed between them . 
 what had she missed ? 
 had they discussed her in private ? 
 with zhong under attack , she did n't want to spend any time worrying about such trivial things - but she could n't help it , and that annoyed her . 
 `` nobody else has shown up yet ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` not yet , '' conor said . 
 rollan scanned the weapons held in racks against the walls : swords , scimitars , knives , spears , polearms , axes , staves , and clubs . 
 `` are we going to fight to the death ? '' 
 `` nothing that exciting , '' tarik said , entering the room with two other men and a woman . 
 all three wore green cloaks and were new to meilin . 
 they paid rapt attention to essix and briggan . 
 `` we evaluate all new recruits to gauge their abilities . '' 
 rollan looked at the other greencloaks . 
 `` who are your friends ? '' 
 `` observers , '' tarik answered calmly . 
 `` they 'll assist you as needed . 
 pay them little mind . 
 i just want to put each of you through a few exercises . '' 
 `` finally , '' rollan grumbled , `` somebody to stare at us . '' 
 the two men crossed to conor and rollan . 
 the woman approached meilin . 
 she was thick but not flabby , and had a no-nonsense look about her . 
 `` meilin , could you produce jhi ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 meilin focused her attention on the simple tattoo on the back of her hand . 
 when her interest was elsewhere , she hardly noticed the mark . 
 but now she could perceive warmth beneath the image , a vague presence . 
 she mentally called to jhi , imagined a door opening , and then with a flash the tattoo vanished and jhi appeared . 
 `` well done , '' tarik complimented . 
 `` some who have newly learned to use the passive state struggle to release their animals . 
 you did that swiftly , which is important . 
 while passive , your spirit animal can not aid you . '' 
 meilin gave a nod and a modest smile . 
 although accustomed to praise , she was not entirely immune to its effects . 
 she noticed the boys , particularly rollan , watching her enviously . 
 keeping her eyes on tarik , she pretended not to care . 
 `` please allow your escorts to blindfold you , '' tarik instructed . 
 `` we 're going to test your awareness of your spirit animals without the aid of sight . '' 
 meilin held still as the woman placed a blindfold over her eyes . 
 `` do you guys fight a lot with your eyes closed ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 meilin had been thinking the same thing , but she never would have said it . 
 `` this will simulate a situation where your spirit animal is out of view , '' tarik explained patiently , as if the question had not been meant to rattle him . 
 `` relax and follow instructions . '' 
 a hand took meilin by the elbow and led her several paces . 
 with great care , she retained a sense of where she stood in the room . 
 she waited for perhaps a minute . 
 `` the animals have all changed position , '' tarik announced . 
 `` i now challenge each of you to point out the location of your animal . 
 i respectfully ask the animals to keep silent . '' 
 meilin strained her senses but could neither hear nor smell anything . 
 she thought about the vague presence she could feel beneath the tattoo when jhi was in her dormant state , and tried to sense a similar presence around her . 
 nothing . 
 `` good , conor . 
 very close , '' tarik said . 
 meilin kept her face composed but felt disappointed . 
 could conor have a stronger connection to his spirit animal than she had to hers ? 
 he could n't even use the passive state ! 
 maybe he had made a lucky guess . 
 `` i 'm sorry , rollan , you 're way off , '' tarik said . 
 `` but good job , conor . 
 briggan is moving and you 're tracking him well . '' 
 meilin silently ordered jhi to make herself known . 
 from the start , jhi had obeyed her requests , but meilin still felt nothing . 
 `` meilin , '' tarik said , `` if you 're unsure , rely on your instincts . '' 
 she did n't want to point randomly , but maybe tarik was giving her a hint . 
 maybe her awareness of her creature was something felt only at an instinctive level . 
 that might explain why conor was good at it - she doubted his problem would be too much thought . 
 following a whim , meilin extended a finger to the right . 
 `` not even close , meilin , '' tarik said , with a touch of humor in his tone . 
 meilin pointed to the left . 
 `` better , but still far off , '' tarik reported . 
 meilin had to work to keep her expression neutral . 
 what sort of absurd contest was this ? 
 she silently demanded for jhi to reveal herself . 
 once again , she sensed nothing . 
 `` not bad , rollan , '' tarik said . 
 `` not good , but you 're doing too well for it to only be chance . 
 conor , you 're a natural at this . '' 
 meilin tried not to feel flustered . 
 she had never attempted to sense jhi like this . 
 had the boys practiced ? 
 probably . 
 `` care to try one more time , meilin ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 she pulled off her blindfold . 
 `` i feel nothing . '' 
 she looked to where jhi strolled near one wall of the training area , led by an escort . 
 `` it 's not unusual , '' tarik told her . 
 meilin watched conor 's finger follow briggan , staying on the animal even when the wolf reversed direction . 
 essix flew around overhead . 
 rollan seemed to be able to identify which half of the room the bird was in , but not much else . 
 `` how can i improve ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` you can already call jhi to her passive state , '' tarik acknowledged , `` so earning the trust of your beast does not seem to be the problem . 
 i imagine it will just take time to strengthen your connection . 
 part of that includes your receptiveness to her . '' 
 meilin nodded . 
 jhi always obeyed her orders , so what had gone wrong ? 
 perhaps tarik was right . 
 perhaps the panda was trying . 
 meilin frowned . 
 maybe she was the one unable to receive the cues . 
 aside from jhi 's obedience , they were n't very close . 
 what would it take ? 
 deep affection ? 
 mutual understanding ? 
 it was hard to respect such a docile , slow animal . 
 but jhi was her spirit animal . 
 there would be no other . 
 meilin knew she had to make it work . 
 `` you may remove your blindfolds , '' tarik invited . 
 meilin glanced at the weapons on the walls . 
 the wooden swords were obviously practice gear . 
 many of the arms looked real , though some of them could be blunted . 
 with or without help from jhi , meilin expected she could dominate either of the boys in just about any form of combat . 
 such a demonstration would be satisfying , but would it be wise ? 
 her father had always told her to keep her abilities private so she could surprise adversaries in times of need . 
 `` next we 'll try a physical exercise , '' tarik announced . 
 `` all three of you will go to the far wall . '' 
 he indicated the wall he meant . 
 `` you 'll run across the room and touch this other wall as high as you can , then run back and strike the suspended bag with all your might . 
 ask your animals to enhance your efforts in any way they can . '' 
 meilin surveyed the canvas bag hanging from a beam near the far wall . 
 suspended by a chain , the bulging sack was taller than her and looked heavy . 
 `` will we do it at the same time ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` yes , '' tarik said . 
 `` the first to reach the bag will strike it first , and so forth . 
 we 'll evaluate your speed , the height of your leap , and the force with which you hit the bag . 
 go ahead and take a moment with your animals . '' 
 meilin approached jhi . 
 the panda sat on her hind legs and watched her serenely . 
 jhi licked one of her paws . 
 the relaxed attitude did little to boost meilin 's confidence . 
 `` can you help me with this ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` can you give me extra speed ? 
 extra energy ? 
 i 've never felt that from you . 
 this might be a good time to start . '' 
 the panda cocked her head as if mildly perplexed . 
 `` look , '' meilin whispered harshly . 
 `` every minute we are stuck here in training is another minute that my father and his army have to struggle without us . 
 i know you have power - you 're a great beast . 
 so i need you to help me , because every delay helps our enemy . 
 do you understand ? 
 we 're not playing a game here . 
 we are at war . '' 
 did meilin sense a degree of understanding in that unblinking silver gaze ? 
 or was it imagined ? 
 the boys were heading to the wall , so meilin trotted to join them . 
 her body was in good condition . 
 even though it had been a few weeks since a formal training session with the masters , she had engaged in regular routines while traveling to maintain her reflexes and endurance . 
 the boys were taller , but she was n't slow , and she knew how to deliver vicious blows . 
 briggan paced along one of the side walls , watching the three with a predator 's intensity . 
 essix flew up to roost on the beam above the suspended bag . 
 jhi sat where meilin had left her , looking on silently . 
 rollan smirked at her . 
 `` did you have to run much in your palace ? '' 
 `` i did n't live in a palace , '' meilin replied . 
 it was true , although she realized her home would probably look like a palace to rollan or conor . 
 assuming it still stood . 
 `` i run fine , '' conor volunteered . 
 `` i have n't done it much lately . 
 how about you , rollan ? '' 
 `` orphans have to run well , '' he replied . 
 `` a slow orphan ends up in jail . '' 
 `` were n't you just in jail ? '' 
 meilin asked innocently . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 tarik called . 
 one greencloak observer stood by them against the starting wall . 
 another was positioned by the wall where they would jump . 
 and the third waited near the hanging sack . 
 all three kids touched the wall behind them . 
 `` get ready , '' tarik said . 
 `` and ... go ! '' 
 meilin pushed off and ran as fast as she could . 
 in her mind , she asked jhi for greater speed , feeling somewhat ridiculous . 
 it was hard to imagine extra speed coming from the sluggish panda . 
 with swift spirit animals , conor and rollan had more cause for faith . 
 meilin ran well , but as she approached the wall for the jump , rollan was a few paces ahead , and conor was about even with her . 
 the dash felt like nothing beyond a regular sprint . 
 meilin considered the jump . 
 if the boys tried to leap high , it might slow their turn . 
 if she focused instead on turning around quickly , she might gain ground and perhaps make it first to the hanging bag . 
 then again , if the jump counted for a third of her score , a weak jump might guarantee last place even if she hit the bag hard . 
 ahead of her , rollan slowed a little and jumped , slapping the wall as high as he could . 
 it was a respectable jump , but nothing extraordinary . 
 meilin decided to go for it . 
 as she leaped , meilin felt a strange surge of energy , and kicked off the wall to increase the height of her jump . 
 conor sprang beside her , and although he was taller , she slapped the wall higher . 
 after landing she turned and ran hard . 
 conor was behind her now . 
 rollan was a good four paces ahead and going strong . 
 a piercing howl cut through the room . 
 briggan . 
 though meilin tried to ignore the noise , goose bumps rose on her arm . 
 conor streaked past meilin and passed rollan as well . 
 he reached the bag several steps ahead of rollan , jumped , and slammed into it with his shoulder . 
 he rebounded roughly , spinning to the floor , and the bag only jounced a little . 
 meilin realized she needed to take care how she hit the bag . 
 it was clearly heavy . 
 she would treat it like she was striking a wall . 
 rollan threw a punch at the bag as he ran by . 
 the bag absorbed the impact as if it were nothing . 
 at least conor had moved it . 
 begging for energy from jhi , meilin left the ground and kicked with both legs . 
 the massive bag swayed with the impact , but not a lot . 
 she broke her fall with her hands and rose to her feet , panting . 
 `` are you all right , conor ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 he rose gingerly , rubbing his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` you might have warned us it was full of rocks , '' rollan complained , massaging his wrist . 
 `` sand , '' tarik clarified . 
 `` thoughts ? '' 
 `` not much beyond their natural talents , '' the female greencloak said . 
 `` except toward the end of conor 's run , '' one of the other greencloaks pointed out . 
 `` how did that feel ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` when briggan howled ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` i do n't know - it was like i had the wind at my back . 
 i felt more aggressive . 
 i was n't planning to ram the sack , but it felt right . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` until i hit it . '' 
 the greencloak near the jumping wall spoke up . 
 `` meilin may have had a little boost when she jumped . '' 
 `` did you feel it , meilin ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` maybe a little , '' she replied . 
 `` to be honest , i mostly felt on my own . '' 
 `` if the panda had helped , she would have gone slower , '' rollan joked . 
 `` you certainly punched like a bird , '' meilin shot back . 
 `` it was hard as a feather . '' 
 `` whoa , '' rollan said , raising both hands . 
 `` better not pick on the panda . '' 
 `` no squabbling , '' tarik ordered . 
 `` your relationships with your animals are individual in nature . 
 this is n't a contest . 
 i mainly wanted to make each of you more aware of your spirit animal and how you might learn to help one another . '' 
 meilin fought a stab of anger . 
 the training exercises had only emphasized the worthlessness of her relationship with jhi . 
 if this was all the panda had to offer , she had made a huge mistake leaving zhong . 
 how could she have abandoned her father and her homeland for this ? 
 `` are we done ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 tarik exchanged nods with the other greencloaks . 
 `` we 've seen enough for now . '' 
 `` what does it look like when you hit the bag ? '' 
 rollan challenged . 
 tarik glanced at the other greencloaks , then at the kids . 
 `` you 'd like a demonstration ? '' 
 meilin sighed softly . 
 the last thing she wanted after her lackluster showing was to watch an expert in action . 
 but the boys encouraged him . 
 with a flash , a sleek otter appeared . 
 rollan choked back a laugh . 
 `` your spirit animal is an otter ? '' 
 `` lumeo is more clown than beast , '' tarik explained . 
 the otter rolled into a series of acrobatics , its long body twisting and twirling like the tail of a kite . 
 conor clapped . 
 `` all right , '' tarik told his beast indulgently . 
 `` we all know you 're the biggest showoff here . 
 do you mind lending me some help for a moment ? '' 
 the otter jolted upright to attention and then watched as tarik walked to the wall where the others had started their race . 
 meilin gasped when he started running . 
 nobody could accelerate so quickly ! 
 when he reached the wall , he kicked against it three times , gaining altitude with each step , before slapping a spot more than twice as high as anyone else had reached . 
 as he fell , tarik pushed off from the wall , did a backflip , and landed running . 
 when he reached the hanging bag , his punch made it leap and quake . 
 then he turned away from the swinging bag . 
 `` amazing ! '' 
 conor said . 
 rollan clapped as well , and gave a whistle . 
 meilin decided she had better offer some applause or she would look like a poor sport . 
 the display really had been quite impressive . 
 she would never have guessed that the tall warrior could move with such speed and agility . 
 tarik extended a hand to his otter . 
 `` lumeo deserves the accolades . 
 without him , i could not have done any of that . 
 we 're a team , just as you are with your animals . 
 explore that connection , and you will be rewarded . '' 
 `` impressive , '' meilin conceded . 
 `` but i feel like we 're getting distracted . 
 zhong is under attack . 
 people are dying . 
 who knows how many cities have fallen by now ? 
 i 've come a long way in good faith , but i 'm starting to wonder how my presence in amaya is helping the war in zhong . 
 when will we learn what you greencloaks want from us ? 
 i did n't cross erdas to run races and kick sacks of sand . '' 
 `` soon , '' tarik promised . 
 `` olvan is finalizing his plans . 
 you three have no idea how vital you are . 
 we have to use you correctly . 
 and you must try your best to be ready . '' 
 tarik and the other greencloaks departed . 
 meilin avoided further conversation with conor and rollan by heading directly to jhi , who had rolled over onto her back , legs splayed out ridiculously . 
 `` let 's go back to our room , '' she told the panda . 
 jhi looked up expectantly . 
 meilin raised her hand . 
 `` you want a lift ? 
 guess what ? 
 as a reward for all your help , you get to walk today . '' 
 meilin started toward her room , not caring whether the panda followed or not . 
 8 the island by the glow of a large yellow moon , abeke crept along the rooftop behind uraza , breathing softly . 
 from her high vantage , she could see the lagoon where their ship had docked . 
 the warm , humid air carried the rich smell of jungle foliage , mingled with the salty tang of the sea . 
 according to shane , they were on an island in the gulf of amaya , on the far side of the ocean from nilo . 
 she had secretly explored part of it on two previous outings , confirming that it was at least a peninsula . 
 since she had been asleep when the ship made port , tonight she would see for herself that she was truly on an island . 
 not that she doubted shane - it just gave her something to do . 
 she had never been on an island before . 
 uraza leaped down from the roof to the top of a wall . 
 it was not a serious drop , but the landing was barely three handspans wide . 
 as abeke paused , uraza looked back at her , eyes gleaming in the moonlight . 
 abeke felt a steadying surge of ability . 
 the tension departed from her muscles , leaving her relaxed and limber . 
 her balance steadied , and she concentrated on the night sounds of the island - creatures scurrying , the call of a bird , and a hushed conversation below , perhaps on a balcony , perhaps on the ground . 
 her vision sharpened in the low light , and she breathed the layered scents in the air . 
 abeke landed lightly on the wall , then hurried to where it joined the outer wall of the complex . 
 after climbing a little , she dangled from the wall and dropped to the sandy ground . 
 nobody had seen her escape - not that it mattered . 
 if she got caught , the only penalty would be the sting of failure . 
 she was hungry for practice . 
 her training with shane was useful but artificial . 
 these nighttime excursions with uraza felt much more authentic . 
 abeke followed uraza into a ferny shadow world of tall trees with enormous leaves . 
 she was not used to such lush vegetation , to vines and creepers , or to so many trees crowded together , but supposed the wetness in the air explained why plants thrived here . 
 since her arrival , it had already rained twice - short , hard downfalls that came on with little warning and ended just as swiftly . 
 abeke wished that she could send some of the abundant water to her village . 
 the stronghold where they were staying disappeared behind them . 
 situated just inland from the sheltered inlet where the whale-towed ships were anchored , the walled outpost contained the only buildings she had found on the island . 
 `` uraza , this way , '' abeke said , pointing . 
 the leopard had been veering toward the highlands they had already explored . 
 `` i want to see the far side of the island . '' 
 the big cat moved off in the desired direction . 
 the rustling of shrubs and the cries of birds did little to disturb abeke . 
 she would never have ventured into this jungle alone at night , but with uraza at her side , she felt invincible . 
 they prowled unhurriedly , whispering through the foliage like ghosts . 
 falling into an almost trancelike state , abeke mimicked uraza , pausing when she paused , advancing when she advanced . 
 through their bond , abeke studied the leopard 's techniques while borrowing her sharper senses and innate stealth . 
 after some time , they emerged from the trees to climb a long slope that grew steeper as they followed it . 
 the bushes were smaller here , affording abeke a long view of the dark forest behind her , the lights of the little outpost reduced to orange sparks near the lagoon . 
 from the bare ridgetop , abeke got her first view of the farthest side of the island . 
 the opposite slope descended sharply to the sea . 
 by the moonlight , she could discern the coastline , partly shielded from the open water by long sandbars . 
 there was no other land in sight . 
 her eyes were drawn to a pale beach in a certain cove , due to the presence of two bonfires . 
 to blaze so brightly at this distance , the fires had to be an impressive size . 
 figures moved on the beach , dark specks occasionally illuminated by the firelight . 
 `` look down there , '' abeke said . 
 `` who could that be ? '' 
 crouching low , uraza watched warily beside her . 
 abeke squinted , straining her sight . 
 `` hard to tell from up here . 
 they 're a long way from the outpost . 
 could it be pirates ? 
 shane said all ships have to watch out for pirates lately . '' 
 uraza remained still beside her . 
 abeke wondered if shane 's people knew they were sharing the island . 
 could the figures on the beach pose a threat ? 
 it seemed unlikely . 
 there were dozens of people at the sturdy outpost , many of them armed soldiers and most with spirit animals . 
 three big ships waited in the lagoon . 
 shane had mentioned others coming soon , distinguished visitors . 
 could it be them on the beach ? 
 would n't visitors come directly to the outpost ? 
 `` i do n't like this , '' abeke murmured . 
 `` i do n't want to risk anybody sneaking up on shane and his people . 
 think we could get close without being spotted ? '' 
 in reply , uraza flicked her tail and started down the slope toward the cove . 
 abeke followed . 
 soon they passed beneath trees again . 
 abeke took extra care to move silently . 
 this was no longer a game . 
 the people on the beach could be dangerous . 
 a balmy breeze ruffled the surrounding leaves , bringing the faint smell of smoke . 
 abeke welcomed the breeze - it would further disguise any sounds they made . 
 after a considerable hike , the smoke grew stronger and abeke could hear distant conversations . 
 then , from up ahead , a shriek pierced the night . 
 a second shriek came , less strident , followed by a third . 
 abeke held her breath , kneeling down beside uraza . 
 the cries stopped . 
 the shrieks had not sounded human , nor did they match any animal she could think of , but they had sounded desperate . 
 uraza started forward again . 
 they advanced more cautiously than ever , a little at a time , finally coming within sight of the beach . 
 together , abeke and uraza crept as close as they dared , gazing out from the last of the dense foliage beneath the shadows of the trees . 
 the twin bonfires burned wide and tall , like small huts accidentally set ablaze . 
 by the rippling light , abeke saw six large cages , and perhaps ten men . 
 four of the cages contained monstrous beasts : one was feathery , some gargantuan bird of prey ; another had quills like a porcupine but was nearly the size of a buffalo ; a third held a huge coiled snake , probably some kind of constrictor ; and the fourth housed what appeared to be a muscular rat big enough to bring down an antelope . 
 an ordinary dog paced inside one of the other cages , looking small and scared compared to the neighboring monstrosities . 
 the sixth cage stood empty . 
 a man in a hooded cloak approached the empty cage with a rat in his hand . 
 the rodent was big , but nothing like the unnatural rat nearby . 
 `` let 's double the amount on this one and check for differences , '' he said . 
 `` large or small , a dose is a dose , '' a bald man protested . 
 `` we have plenty , '' the hooded man countered . 
 `` we lost the parrot , so we have an extra cage . 
 let 's find out firsthand . '' 
 abeke had to strain , but she felt sure that she heard the words correctly . 
 the hooded man produced a waterskin and upended it over the mouth of the rat in his other hand . 
 the rat squirmed , tail whipping from side to side . 
 `` that 's enough , '' one of the other men growled . 
 `` cage it , '' another man demanded . 
 `` not yet , '' the hooded man said , capping the waterskin . 
 `` if i 'm too hasty , it will run out between the bars . '' 
 he held out the rat for the other men to see . 
 it wriggled in his grasp , seeming to swell . 
 it began squirming harder , screeching in pain . 
 the hooded man turned and stuffed the rat between the bars of the empty cage . 
 the rodent writhed on the cage floor , new flesh bursting out beneath its fur . 
 it let out a tortured shriek that abeke recognized . 
 it squealed one more time , then lunged against the bars , its enlarged body bloated with muscle . 
 the rat tested the bars several times , rocking the cage and kicking up sand before settling down . 
 abeke could hardly trust her eyes . 
 what would shane think when she told him about this ? 
 would he believe her ? 
 she glanced over at uraza . 
 `` you 're my only witness , '' she whispered . 
 `` you see this , do n't you ? 
 it is n't natural . 
 what did they give it ? '' 
 uraza only looked her way for an instant , then returned her attention to the beach . 
 `` what did i tell you ? '' 
 the bald man said . 
 `` a dose is a dose . 
 the amount do n't matter . '' 
 `` this one is a little larger , '' the hooded man said . 
 `` and if you ask me , the transformation took less time . '' 
 `` waste of effort . 
 let 's finish this . '' 
 `` this last one should be simplest , '' the hooded man said . 
 `` admiral is well-trained . 
 he may even remain so after the bile . '' 
 `` i 'll believe it when i see it , '' the bald man said . 
 the hooded man held up his waterskin . 
 `` get ready to eat your words . '' 
 he walked over to the cage with the dog inside . 
 `` sit , admiral . '' 
 the dog sat . 
 `` speak . '' 
 the dog barked and wagged its tail . 
 the hooded man uncapped the waterskin and held it between the bars . 
 `` come . '' 
 the dog came forward and the man poured fluid into its mouth . 
 abeke could see some splashing free . 
 then he backed away . 
 several other men stepped closer to the cage , warily clutching long spears . 
 one held a bow with an arrow set to the string . 
 abeke did n't want to watch , but could n't tear her eyes away from the sight of the dog convulsing and enlarging . 
 it did n't cry out like the rat , but it whined softly . 
 as the dog changed , its muscles pulled taut , bulging grotesquely . 
 its eyes grew fierce and wide , and foam began frothing from the corners of its mouth . 
 the dog let out a low growl before launching itself against the side of the cage , very nearly toppling it over onto its side . 
 `` sit , admiral , '' the hooded man called from a distance . 
 the monstrous dog shifted into a sitting position . 
 `` speak . '' 
 the beefy dog let out a powerful bark that resonated through the jungle , sending birds flying from the trees . 
 `` good boy , admiral , '' the hooded man called . 
 `` good boy . '' 
 `` all right , i 'm impressed , '' the bald man admitted . 
 `` but i would n't let it out without a leash . '' 
 some of the other men chuckled . 
 most still held their weapons cautiously . 
 a swirling breeze stirred the air . 
 suddenly the dog whipped its head toward the jungle , staring directly at abeke . 
 it let out a rumbling growl . 
 some of the men glanced in the direction the dog was staring . 
 abeke resisted the urge to immediately retreat . 
 if she moved while their eyes were on her , she would give herself away for sure . 
 she had to rely on the leaves and the shadows . 
 the dog 's growl built into a series of vicious barks . 
 `` what is it , admiral ? '' 
 the hooded man called , following the animal 's gaze . 
 the huge dog barked more fiercely . 
 `` no , no , no , '' abeke whispered . 
 the dog began to savagely ram the sides of the cage . 
 the men were shouting to each other , but abeke could n't make out their words under the noise . 
 barking and thrashing , the dog went into a frenzy . 
 the cage shuddered violently . 
 the dog began bashing the roof , and the wood began to crack and splinter . 
 abeke felt sharp teeth on her arm . 
 uraza was gently biting her . 
 once abeke noticed her , the leopard slunk back deeper into the trees . 
 abeke joined her retreat . 
 the wild clamor continued behind her , and then there was a violent crack . 
 glancing over her shoulder , abeke saw the enormous hound crash through the roof of the cage , the bars falling away in all directions . 
 ignoring the men , some of whom made halfhearted jabs with their spears , the monstrous dog raced straight toward abeke , spewing sand with each massive stride . 
 uraza broke into a run with abeke sprinting beside her . 
 all pretense at stealth abandoned , abeke tore through the jungle , wishing she had brought more weaponry than a knife . 
 then again , what good would any weapon do against the savage dog ? 
 the animal stampeded behind them . 
 ferocious barks and growls impelled abeke forward . 
 there was no time to strategize - she ran with everything she had , driven by pure terror . 
 the same terrain that had permitted her to creep alongside uraza now tripped her up . 
 branches lashed her body , roots grabbed her ankles , and the uneven ground was treacherous . 
 she stumbled to her knees several times and fell flat once , but always rose as quickly as she could , clawing at the vegetation , half running , half swimming through the leaves . 
 the gigantic dog was gaining rapidly . 
 any moment , those teeth would seize her . 
 she had lost sight of uraza . 
 the dog was nearly upon her . 
 determined not to be an easy victim , abeke drew her knife and whirled . 
 her senses abruptly sharpened . 
 she saw the overgrown canine coming and shrank into a comfortable crouch . 
 as it lunged , she sprang sideways , swinging her knife . 
 the tip of the blade scratched the brute 's flank as the beast blurred past her . 
 abeke put a tree between herself and the dog . 
 it struck the tree with enough force to shake the jungle , but the trunk held . 
 abeke raced away , but the frothing dog pursued her relentlessly . 
 she tripped , rolled onto her back , and held up her knife in desperation . 
 the dog surged forward , mouth gaping , teeth huge in the darkness . 
 with a screaming roar unlike any cry abeke had ever heard , uraza hurtled out of the night , her jaws closing on the side of the dog 's neck . 
 the impact broke the dog 's rushing attack . 
 leopard and dog tumbled together in the darkness , narrowly missing abeke , snarling and spitting , teeth flashing , claws slashing . 
 abeke 's first instinct was to run . 
 her second thought was to help uraza . 
 but then she got the distinct impression that she should climb . 
 the notion came so strongly that she leaped to the nearest tree , embracing the trunk with arms and knees . 
 there were no branches to grip , but she pulled with her arms and clamped with her knees , somehow heaving herself higher and higher . 
 at last she found short limbs where she could rest . 
 behind her , she saw uraza had taken to a tree as well , a red wound marring her magnificent pelt . 
 below , the frustrated dog barked and bayed and finally howled . 
 abeke 's tree shook as the dog rammed it with manic tenacity . 
 she held tight . 
 she had lost her knife . 
 her only hope was to outlast her attacker . 
 something caught the dog 's attention and it ran over to another tree . 
 dimly , in the leaf-filtered moonlight , abeke saw a figure high in the branches . 
 it held a bow , and was launching arrow after arrow down at the dog . 
 the huge dog leaped and barked and growled . 
 it clawed futilely at the trunk . 
 no matter how many arrows found their mark , it did n't seek cover . 
 finally , with a slow inevitability , the arrows did their job . 
 the creature sank back , took two wobbly steps , then collapsed on the forest floor with a plaintive whine . 
 the figure climbed down from the tree . 
 he paused beside the rapidly shrinking dog , then came to the base of abeke 's tree . 
 `` come down , abeke , '' a hushed voice called . 
 she knew the voice . 
 `` it 's dead . 
 come down - we need to go . '' 
 hugging the trunk , abeke shinnied down the tree and dropped to the ground . 
 `` shane ! 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 `` did you think i 'd let you roam the jungle alone at night ? '' 
 he replied . 
 `` you followed me ? '' 
 `` not so loud , '' shane warned , looking away through the trees . 
 `` i 'd rather the men on the beach not find us . '' 
 `` the men , '' abeke said , lowering her voice . 
 `` they made the dog into a monster ! 
 they fed it something . '' 
 `` i know about them , '' shane said . 
 `` i did n't know they were here tonight until it was too late . 
 otherwise i would have steered you away . '' 
 `` how far back were you ? '' 
 `` too far . 
 i try not to make my presence known , although i 'm sure i never fooled your leopard . '' 
 `` what were those men doing ? '' 
 `` they 're trying to find a replacement for the nectar . 
 they try out their concoctions in secret . '' 
 `` the nectar does n't create monsters ! '' 
 `` these men are testing different substances , '' shane said . 
 `` i do n't know all their goals . 
 it would not end well if they caught us . 
 we should go . '' 
 uraza prowled into view , her side bleeding . 
 crouching beside her leopard , abeke flung her arms around her neck . 
 `` thank you , '' abeke murmured . 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 9 vision in a lofty antechamber , daylight streamed through a stained-glass window , splashing colorful patterns across the floor . 
 briggan explored the area , sniffing the corners and the furniture . 
 when the wolf passed through the tinted light , dappled hues glossed his gray-white coat . 
 conor had lost track of how long they had waited . 
 it frustrated him that even though he was no longer a servant to devin , he was still stuck inside a castle all the time . 
 he could tell that briggan did n't love being cooped up either . 
 the door opened and rollan emerged with essix on his shoulder . 
 conor and briggan looked up expectantly . 
 apparently lenori and rollan were finally done . 
 `` your turn , '' rollan said . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 rollan shrugged . 
 `` she wanted to know about my dreams . 
 if it was a test , i do n't think i passed . 
 have fun . '' 
 conor entered the room where lenori waited in a large , padded chair that dwarfed her petite frame . 
 her green cloak rested on a nearby table . 
 feathers were braided into her long hair and several beaded necklaces and bracelets hung from her neck and wrists . 
 her bare feet rested on a low ottoman , her soles callused and brown . 
 beside her chair , a peculiar bird roosted on a tall , portable perch . 
 the bird had a slender neck , a down-curved bill , and vibrant plumage of every shade . 
 lenori indicated a nearby chair to conor . 
 he sat down , briggan on the floor near him . 
 she looked at him with eyes as unfathomable as the ocean . 
 he wondered if she could read his mind . 
 `` how are you , conor ? '' 
 the question was posed mildly , and seemed sincere . 
 `` me ? 
 honestly ? 
 i keep wondering whether briggan came to the right person . '' 
 lenori smiled . 
 `` no beast would bond with the wrong person , least of all a great beast . 
 where does this worry come from ? '' 
 conor regretted having expressed the concern . 
 her posture was relaxed , but there was no escaping those watchful eyes . 
 `` all of this is just so far beyond anything i ever expected . '' 
 `` i think i understand . '' 
 her voice was gentle and melodious . 
 `` do n't pressure yourself to evolve overnight . 
 you 'll grow into this role . 
 tell me about your dreams since briggan arrived . '' 
 conor considered the question . 
 `` once , in real life , i had to fight off a pack of wolves from the sheep i protected . 
 i 've had to relive that night in my dreams a lot lately . '' 
 he glanced over at briggan , who had his mouth open with his tongue hanging out . 
 it was the closest a wolf could get to smiling . 
 `` have any other animals visited your dreams ? '' 
 lenori asked . 
 `` i do n't know , '' conor said . 
 `` i saw a ram not long ago . 
 the kind with big curly horns . '' 
 lenori leaned forward . 
 `` where was it ? 
 what was it doing ? '' 
 the circumstances returned to him vividly . 
 it had been the rare sort of dream that felt exactly like real life , even in memory . 
 he had been climbing a high , rugged mountain , the rough stone as cold as ice beneath his palms . 
 scaling a sheer face , he had reached a point where he could progress no farther , nor could he descend the way he had come . 
 as the wind kicked up , he had clung to the mountainside miserably , knowing he could continue or retreat , and either way he would fall . 
 his muscles burning , the air too thin to satisfy his lungs , he had held on as tight as he could , knowing that eventually his strength would fail and he would plummet to the base of the cliff . 
 why had he climbed so high ? 
 since holding still meant certain death , he 'd decided that he had to keep going , no matter how scant the handholds . 
 stretching , he hooked his fingertips over a tiny wrinkle in the rock overhead . 
 as he searched for his next handhold , the sun crested the mountaintop , blinding him . 
 squinting , grimacing , arms burning , toes slipping , he fumbled for anything to grab with his right hand . 
 then a shadow had fallen across him , and he peered up at the huge silhouette of a ram , staring down at him from higher still up the cliff . 
 the sight of the beast had made him forget his peril . 
 he had stared for a long moment before his hands failed him . 
 he gave an agonized scream and then he fell , his stomach lurching to his throat as he hurtled toward the ground . 
 just as he was about to hit , he woke up , slick with sweat . 
 `` i was in the mountains , '' conor said . 
 `` i saw it right before i woke up . 
 the sun was in my eyes . 
 the ram was big , but it was hard to see details . '' 
 `` have you ever worked with bighorn sheep ? '' 
 lenori asked . 
 `` no . 
 but i 've seen pictures of arax . 
 my parents have one . 
 the ram in my dreams was like him . '' 
 `` was it like him , or was it him ? '' 
 conor was very conscious of her heightened interest . 
 did n't she ever blink ? 
 he knew the answer , but felt awkward . 
 he worried it would come across like he was trying to sound important . 
 he glanced away , then back . 
 `` it was just a dream . 
 but , yeah , i think it was arax . '' 
 `` have you dreamed about any of the other great beasts ? 
 rumfuss ? 
 tellun ? 
 do you know all of them ? '' 
 conor chuckled uncomfortably . 
 `` i know there are fifteen , the four fallen plus the other eleven . 
 i 'm no expert . 
 i can name some of them - cabaro the lion , mulop the octopus . 
 arax , of course . 
 shepherds pay extra attention to him . 
 with enough time i could maybe remember them all . '' 
 `` the great beasts have protected erdas since time out of mind . 
 we would all do better to be more familiar with them . 
 besides the four obvious ones and those you named , we have tellun the elk , ninani the swan , halawir the eagle , dinesh the elephant , rumfuss the boar , suka the polar bear , kovo the ape , and gerathon the serpent . '' 
 conor noticed briggan 's ears prick up . 
 `` i have n't dreamed about the others . 
 just that ram . 
 do you mind me asking why you 're so interested ? '' 
 `` i doubt it was an ordinary dream . '' 
 briggan stood up , watching her intently . 
 `` the wolf seems to agree , '' lenori said . 
 briggan barked , making conor jump . 
 `` dreams can range from the meaningless to the prophetic , '' lenori said . 
 `` it usually takes experience to discern one from the other . 
 the dreams rollan and meilin shared with me were of little consequence . 
 i hoped for more from meilin , but she needs to grow closer to jhi first . 
 i suspected your dreams might be weightier , and you have n't disappointed me . '' 
 conor shifted in his chair . 
 `` why 'd you suspect me ? '' 
 `` briggan was among the more visionary of the great beasts . 
 he is known by the titles packleader , moonrunner , and , significantly , pathfinder . '' 
 conor reached out and rubbed the coarse mane on the back of briggan 's neck . 
 `` are you really all of those things ? '' 
 briggan turned his head , his tongue lolling out in another wolfish grin . 
 `` i too have seen arax the ram lately , '' lenori said . 
 `` that is why we gathered at the sunset tower in amaya , the nearest greencloak tower to his current domain . '' 
 `` you know where to find him ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` i do n't know his exact location , '' lenori said . 
 `` but i hope we may be able to find him together . 
 aside from the recent return of briggan and the fallen , none have encountered the great beasts for many years . 
 arax is among the most solitary . 
 he prefers the mountaintops , exercising his influence over the winds and terrain in the highest places of the world . 
 we ca n't trust luck or woodcraft to find him . 
 the wilds of western amaya are untamed . 
 unguided , we could search for years and never get close . '' 
 lenori paused for a moment , then spoke in a softer voice . 
 `` would you mind trying for a waking vision ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 he was no prophet . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` briggan may be able to use your connection to share information glimpsed from afar . '' 
 conor rubbed his hands over his eyes . 
 `` i would n't know how to begin . '' 
 lenori crossed to conor and knelt before him . 
 she took both of his hands in hers . 
 he tried not to go completely rigid . 
 `` unbeknownst to some greencloaks , '' lenori explained , `` spirit animals do not only exist to let us swing a sword harder . 
 there can be aspects to the connection more valuable than running fast or jumping high . 
 if you relax , i believe i can show you . '' 
 `` i 'll try if you want , '' conor said . 
 he certainly could n't relax with her holding his hands . 
 perhaps sensing this , lenori backed away . 
 `` do n't try to force it , '' she instructed . 
 `` relax and gaze upon myriam , my rainbow ibis . 
 watch her as you would a campfire on a lonely night . '' 
 the bird on the perch spread her multicolored wings . 
 she bobbed gently , causing cascades of color to ripple through her vivid feathers . 
 trying to follow lenori 's instructions , conor thought about how he watched campfires . 
 he tried not to stare hard at a fixed point . 
 without searching for anything specific , he let the rainbow ibis serve as his center of attention . 
 lenori was speaking but conor got lost in the cadence of her words . 
 her voice was rhythmic , a melodic pulse that steadied and calmed him . 
 dimly he noticed briggan turning in a circle , first one way , then the other . 
 he began to feel very drowsy . 
 he blinked his eyes , but it did n't seem to help . 
 in fact , with every blink , the room became more of a blur . 
 conor stared down a misty tunnel . 
 where had that come from ? 
 he soared down the hazy passage without any sensation of movement . 
 at its end , he saw a grizzly bear and a raccoon hurrying across a wide brown prairie . 
 with an effort of will , he sped up until he glided alongside them . 
 there was no wind in his face , no physical evidence of his speed . 
 but the shaggy grizzly bear ran hard , as did the raccoon . 
 both kept their eyes fixed on the horizon . 
 looking ahead , conor saw a spectacular mountain range . 
 atop a distant ridge , the great ram was outlined in sunlight . 
 as soon as his eyes locked on the ram , conor found himself pulled from behind . 
 against his will , he withdrew back into the misty tunnel until the animals became specks in the distance . 
 the tunnel collapsed and dissolved . 
 conor realized that lenori , briggan , and the rainbow ibis were all staring at him . 
 he felt clammy . 
 his mouth tasted weird and oddly fuzzy , like after a long sleep . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 lenori inquired serenely . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he felt unsteady . 
 `` i ... i saw a raccoon and a big , shaggy bear . 
 they were running toward some mountains . 
 i could see arax beyond them , up high on the rocks . 
 they were heading straight at him . '' 
 `` a bear and a raccoon , '' lenori repeated . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` i did n't notice much else . 
 i was mostly focused on the bear and the raccoon . 
 i had to go through a long tunnel . '' 
 lenori gave a triumphant smile . 
 she took his hand , squeezing it gently . 
 `` you did it , conor . 
 i think you found our path . '' 
 in less than an hour , conor was escorted past a dozen armed guards and through multiple sets of double doors to a high room with the curtains drawn . 
 he found olvan , lenori , tarik , rollan , and meilin waiting , along with all of their spirit animals . 
 tarik 's otter darted around the room in bursts of motion , clambering across furniture and bookcases . 
 tarik 's pairing with lumeo seemed odd , since the tall greencloak was so serious . 
 olvan 's moose stood near the fireplace , its massive form out of place indoors . 
 the dignified room had a feel similar to the earl of trunswick 's study , but it was even bigger . 
 olvan stood up , rubbed his big hands together , and swept the room with his keen , knowing gaze . 
 in spite of the white in his hair and beard , he had thick , powerful limbs and a broad chest . 
 age had not yet robbed him of strength or vigor . 
 conor could easily imagine him astride his moose , leading an army into battle . 
 the commander of the greencloaks noisily cleared his throat . 
 `` i know we have kept you in suspense regarding the roles we hope you will play . 
 you can blame me for the delay - i prefer to know the whole story before i share it . 
 joining the greencloaks is merely the first step toward the vital purpose we hope you 'll serve . 
 given recent developments '' - he nodded toward conor - `` the time to act is upon us . '' 
 olvan strolled over to the mantel . 
 when he turned to face the others , his expression was grave . 
 `` centuries and centuries ago , in the last worldwide war , the four nations of erdas battled the devourer and his army of conquerors . 
 two great beasts aided the devourer - kovo the ape and gerathon the serpent . 
 four of the great beasts sided with us . 
 three of them are here today . '' 
 olvan paused to let that sink in . 
 feeling unworthy , conor considered briggan . 
 the wolf sat listening attentively . 
 `` before the original essix , briggan , jhi , and uraza joined the fight , we were losing the war . 
 none of the continents went unscathed . 
 most of nilo and zhong had fallen . 
 the zhongese and niloans who escaped fled to eura and amaya , only to find those nations besieged as well . 
 cities were razed . 
 food was in short supply . 
 it was only a matter of time before the devourer declared victory . 
 `` the greencloaks were a fledgling organization then , but when four of the great beasts showed their support , the marked flocked to join us . 
 the greencloaks did what nobody else had done - they mounted a major offensive , taking the fight to the devourer . 
 the four great beasts gave their lives in the fight , which is why they are known as the four fallen . 
 but the devourer fell as well , and kovo and gerathon were captured . 
 the cost was great , but the four nations emerged victorious and began to rebuild . '' 
 `` what about the rest of the beasts ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` the other nine ? '' 
 olvan shrugged . 
 `` seeing the damage that two of their own had caused , a few of the great beasts offered their aid at the very end . 
 tellun the elk , the most powerful of them all , imprisoned kovo and gerathon for their crimes , and ninani the swan gifted the greencloaks with the secret to creating nectar . 
 the rest ... well , the great beasts are a strange group . 
 they are seldom unanimous on any issue , and their purposes are almost inscrutable . 
 they tend to remain aloof , only getting involved during times of the direst peril . '' 
 `` the devourer did n't count as serious trouble ? '' 
 rollan scoffed . 
 olvan sighed . 
 `` one can only speculate . 
 perhaps some of the great beasts felt it best to protect their own territory , or their talismans . '' 
 conor looked at lenori , a question in his eyes . 
 `` each of the great beasts protects a unique talisman , '' lenori inserted . 
 `` a totem that houses great power . '' 
 `` except for kovo , gerathon , and the fallen beasts , '' meilin said . 
 `` their talismans vanished after the war . 
 some suspect that tellun asked halawir the eagle to hide them . '' 
 `` very good , '' olvan said . 
 `` you 've studied your history . 
 the events surrounding the great beasts are often dismissed as legend . 
 i am glad that some in zhong have considered those deeds worth remembering outside of children 's tales . '' 
 meilin reddened slightly . 
 `` i heard about that from my nanny , not my instructors . '' 
 olvan frowned . 
 `` the great beasts have been out of sight for a long time . 
 we honor the fallen on our flags , we paint pictures , we build statues , we tell stories , but for most people , the great beasts belong to a time long past . 
 some doubt whether they ever even existed . '' 
 `` i was one of those , '' rollan said . 
 `` until essix came along . '' 
 olvan nodded . 
 `` you 're not to be blamed . 
 it 's a prevalent opinion , shared in varying measures by the prime minister of amaya , the queen of eura , the emperor of zhong , and the high chieftain of nilo . 
 and yet , during the most critical crossroads in history , the great beasts have always played a major role . 
 we are now rushing toward a crisis where the great beasts may prove more important than ever . '' 
 `` you think the devourer is back ? '' 
 meilin asked , her whole body quivering with agitation . 
 `` you think that is who attacked zhong ? 
 why were n't we warned ? '' 
 `` we had only our suspicions , '' olvan said sadly . 
 `` my voice has been raised in warning to the leaders of all the nations . 
 but i can not force them to heed me . '' 
 `` and we still do n't know the whole story , '' lenori explained . 
 olvan nodded . 
 `` we get new information every day . 
 whether we 're up against the same devourer who leveled much of erdas long ago , or some inheritor of his legacy , we 're still not sure . 
 what is sure is this - the devourer can raise vast , powerful armies in a short time . 
 he can be patient and subtle , or ruthless and brash , depending on the need . 
 he inspires manic devotion in his followers . 
 and he would gladly destroy the civilized world to rule over its ashes . '' 
 `` what do we need to do ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 olvan glanced at conor , meilin , and rollan in turn . 
 `` our spies have learned that the devourer has once again made collecting the talismans a top priority . 
 each talisman has different powers that can be used by one of the marked . 
 our enemy wishes to employ those powers against us . 
 so we 're going to recover the talismans before he can . '' 
 `` wait , '' rollan said as the color drained from his face . 
 `` you want us to go after the talismans of the great beasts ? '' 
 `` you wo n't go alone , '' olvan said . 
 `` the greencloaks have no finer warrior than tarik . 
 he will serve as your guide and protector . 
 i lament that you 're all so young , but your connections to the fallen will be critical in finding and retrieving the talismans . 
 these talismans could change the course of the war . 
 all of erdas needs you . '' 
 as the full enormity of the task hit him , conor felt light-headed . 
 how was he supposed to go up against a great beast ? 
 this was beyond dangerous . 
 olvan had basically handed them a death sentence . 
 he reached out a hand to briggan . 
 the wolf nuzzled his palm . 
 without briggan , they would n't know where to find arax . 
 conor tried to steel himself . 
 olvan was right : if the devourer wanted these talismans , the greencloaks had to get to them first . 
 conor was n't sure how they would , but they needed to try . 
 `` we 'll do our part , '' conor pledged , though his voice broke on the words . 
 `` speak for yourself , '' rollan said . 
 `` i meant me and briggan , '' conor explained , flushing . 
 `` oh , right , '' rollan replied . 
 he faced olvan . 
 `` well , i see why you need us . 
 my question is what do we get out of it ? 
 besides risking our lives to do something we 're not ready for . '' 
 `` as a greencloak , this is your duty , '' lenori said calmly . 
 `` your reward would be the same as ours - the satisfaction of defending what is right , defending erdas . '' 
 `` i 'm not a greencloak , '' rollan said . 
 `` i may never join . '' 
 `` we 'll do it , '' meilin said , giving rollan a disgusted glance . 
 `` jhi and i . 
 this is what i hoped for - a chance to make a difference . 
 i 've seen what 's coming . 
 zhong has the best armies in the world , and these new conquerors are tearing us apart . 
 we must n't let them get more power . 
 they must be stopped . 
 it would be my honor to join your ranks and defend zhong as you describe . '' 
 conor studied meilin with admiration and a little bit of fear . 
 he could scarcely imagine what hardships awaited , but at least he and briggan would n't face them alone . 
 who did rollan think he was ? 
 what reward did he expect ? 
 rollan sighed . 
 `` and if i do n't want to become a greencloak ? '' 
 `` how selfish can you be ? '' 
 meilin seethed . 
 `` zhong is under attack . 
 the rest of erdas will be soon . 
 what other big offers do you expect the world to give a coward during wartime ? '' 
 `` i never had any offers until essix showed up , '' rollan snapped . 
 `` the greencloaks only cared about me once i got my bird . 
 there 's a city full of orphans just like me who olvan was all too happy to pass by until he found essix . 
 maybe i wonder why the greencloaks only include marked people . 
 maybe i wonder who put them in charge of the great beasts and the talismans . 
 and maybe , unlike you , i do n't love getting pushed into situations i do n't understand ! 
 i want to know exactly who i 'm working for and why . '' 
 olvan glanced at tarik and lenori . 
 slowly he stood and walked to where rollan was seated , until he stood right before him , staring down . 
 conor wondered if he was trying to intimidate rollan , but when the large man spoke , his voice was controlled . 
 `` i can understand wanting to take your time with a decision this big . 
 i believe that time spent among the greencloaks will relieve your doubts as to our sincerity . 
 we do n't believe we 're in charge of the great beasts . 
 we do our jobs because we know that , along with the great beasts , we 're the last line of defense . '' 
 `` what about the governments ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` the prime minister and all of them . '' 
 olvan made a skeptical face . 
 `` they do what they do . 
 they administer . 
 they make and enforce laws . 
 they squabble about commerce and they occasionally fight with each other . 
 it 's just squabbling , human squabbling . 
 but we were gifted to see something beyond the concerns of man . 
 we were each gifted with a spirit animal . 
 and so we will protect erdas - all of erdas - with everything we have . '' 
 rollan compressed his lips . 
 `` i 'm not crazy . 
 i do n't want erdas to become a wasteland . '' 
 he considered . 
 `` what - what if i 'm not ready to join the greencloaks , but i 'm willing to help ? '' 
 `` may i suggest another option for you ? '' 
 olvan said . 
 `` we frequently work with marked individuals who do n't accept our vows . 
 we do n't normally give them access to our weightiest secrets , but these circumstances are extraordinary . '' 
 `` let me sleep on it , '' rollan said . 
 conor turned away and closed his eyes . 
 regardless of who else came along , tomorrow he would venture into the wilderness to chase a legend . 
 leaning close to his wolf , he whispered , `` what have we gotten ourselves into ? '' 
 10 dream meilin strolled along a wooden walkway through a manicured garden , a fragile parasol on her shoulder . 
 she reached a bridge over a brook between two ponds . 
 below , ornamental carp swam in lazy circles , flashing their red , orange , yellow , and white scales among the purple blossoms of the water lilies . 
 trees and shrubbery screened the house from view , but meilin would have recognized any portion of her grandfather xao 's garden . 
 she had grown up roaming these pathways , enveloped in the scent of these blossoms . 
 up ahead , a panda was coming her way . 
 meilin scrunched her brow . 
 besides the fish in the ponds and the birds in the trees , animals had never been part of the garden . 
 the panda came to her on the bridge and stood up on its hind legs . 
 `` you miss zhong , '' the panda said in a rich female voice . 
 somehow , meilin was n't surprised to hear it speak . 
 `` why should i miss it ? '' 
 the panda offered no reply . 
 suddenly meilin remembered everything . 
 lenori had taken her away from zhong . 
 while her father fought a terrible horde , meilin had run away to the other side of the world - amaya , the new lands . 
 how had she reached this garden ? 
 she had n't . 
 this was a dream . 
 meilin regarded the panda curiously . 
 `` are you jhi ? '' 
 the panda gave a nod . 
 `` i am sorry to be a disappointment to you . '' 
 `` you 're not ... '' meilin began , but could n't finish . 
 she sighed . 
 `` we 're at war . 
 i 'd hoped for an animal that could help me fight . 
 i like you , but ... my home , and my father , are in danger . '' 
 `` i want to like you too . 
 give me a chance and you may find i 'm more useful than you suppose . '' 
 `` lenori told me that you were known as a skillful healer . 
 you were called peacefinder and healthbringer . '' 
 `` among other things . 
 meilin , heed my words . 
 you should get inside . 
 this is no kind of weather for a stroll . '' 
 meilin peered up at the sky . 
 the only clouds were distant , wispy , and white . 
 the sun glared brightly . 
 `` it does n't look bad . '' 
 `` you do n't want to be here , '' the panda said . 
 the warning made her uncertain , and she felt a faint chill . 
 meilin looked around for danger . 
 `` close your eyes , '' jhi insisted . 
 `` ignore this illusion . 
 pay careful attention . '' 
 meilin closed her eyes . 
 pay attention to what ? 
 a frosty sensation chilled her skin . 
 yes , now that she noticed , she felt very cold . 
 and wet . 
 she hugged herself , shivering . 
 meilin opened her eyes , but the garden was unchanged . 
 the panda stared at her . 
 `` i 'm cold , '' meilin said . 
 `` you do n't want to be here , '' jhi repeated . 
 meilin turned and ran along the wooden walkway . 
 the day remained pleasant around her , but her skin felt cold and wet . 
 thumping down the wooden walkway , she followed the turns that would lead to the door in the wall . 
 maybe if she could escape the garden , she could escape the dream . 
 the door came into view . 
 unsettled by the strange chill , meilin kept watching for danger , but the garden remained tranquil . 
 when she reached the door , she found it locked . 
 she jiggled the handle and leaned her shoulder against it , but the door refused to budge . 
 meilin paused . 
 goose bumps pimpled her arms . 
 this was a dream . 
 what if she imagined herself stronger than the door ? 
 backing up a few steps , she lowered her shoulder and charged . 
 the impact felt jarringly real . 
 as she stumbled back and fell to the ground , meilin jolted awake , her eyes opening to a confusing scene . 
 it was dark . 
 rain poured down on her soaked nightclothes . 
 by the muted moonlight , meilin could make out that she was on the roof of a tower bordered by battlements . 
 this was sunset tower ! 
 but what was she doing up here in the middle of the night during a rainstorm ? 
 freezing and completely drenched , meilin shakily arose . 
 before her stood a sturdy wooden door , slick from the rainfall . 
 she tried the handle . 
 it was locked . 
 her shoulder still ached from ramming it . 
 this was the third time she had sleepwalked since summoning jhi . 
 there had never been a dream associated with the experience , but twice before she had woken up doing odd things in unusual places . 
 this , however , was the strangest by far . 
 meilin tried the door again . 
 it held fast . 
 would anyone hear her if she yelled ? 
 if she banged long enough ? 
 meilin had told lenori about the sleepwalking . 
 the amayan had explained that people adapted to new bonds in all sorts of bizarre ways . 
 vivid nightmares were common . 
 mood swings . 
 panic attacks . 
 even rashes . 
 all sorts of side effects had been observed . 
 developing a pattern of sleepwalking was not terribly strange . 
 but this was ridiculous ! 
 her teeth were chattering . 
 she was in real danger from the cold . 
 meilin banged on the door and yelled , but her efforts did n't make much noise . 
 the wind picked up , making her so cold that she whimpered . 
 she stomped in place and flapped her arms , trying to generate warmth . 
 then she heard the latch unfasten , and the door opened . 
 there was no light beyond the door . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 meilin called softly , hands balled into fists , hesitant to cross into the deeper darkness . 
 the cold , stinging raindrops continued their assault . 
 a flash of lightning , the first since she had awoken , briefly illuminated a black-and-white form . 
 `` jhi ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 thunder boomed . 
 the doorway was dark again . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 the panda gave no reply . 
 meilin felt stupid for expecting one . 
 meilin stepped out of the rain , closed the door , then knelt down and hugged the panda . 
 jhi felt warm and perfect . 
 meilin embraced her for a long time , sinking into her thick fur and enjoying her scent as never before . 
 `` i was sleepwalking again , '' meilin whispered . 
 `` i got myself into real trouble this time . 
 thanks for finding me . '' 
 the panda did n't respond , but meilin felt like she understood . 
 meilin stood up , placing a hand against the nearest wall to help her feel her way in the dark . 
 `` let 's get back to bed . '' 
 11 gar `` abeke ! '' 
 shane called . 
 `` abeke , where are you ? '' 
 abeke kept still in her tree , a slow smile parting her lips . 
 uraza crouched motionless on a limb beside her . 
 down below , shane blundered closer to her hiding place . 
 `` this is the wrong time for games ! 
 remember those important people i told you about ? 
 they 're here ! 
 we should n't keep them waiting . '' 
 ever since their ship had reached this island , shane had gone on and on about these visitors . 
 he seemed very impressed by them . 
 in many ways , shane was her first real friend . 
 not only had he saved her life , but he continued to train with her , watch out for her , and even joke with her . 
 he appreciated her hunting , her strength , her stealth - many of the traits that she most valued . 
 only her mother had ever made her feel accepted in that way . 
 yet she had questions about the people he worked with . 
 none wore green cloaks , but they seemed well organized . 
 they had ships , a big outpost , and many trained soldiers . 
 all had spirit animals . 
 who were they , and why did they leave uraza so agitated ? 
 lately , she had n't pressed shane for answers . 
 she was afraid of what she might learn . 
 but that was n't the main reason she was hiding . 
 `` all right , abeke , '' shane said . 
 `` i admit it . 
 you keep improving . 
 even on this puny island , you and uraza could probably evade me for as long as you chose . '' 
 `` i just wanted to hear you say it , '' abeke replied . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 shane greeted . 
 `` you picked the worst time to prove a point . '' 
 abeke descended from the tree . 
 uraza landed beside her . 
 `` you backed down , so i must have chosen the right time . '' 
 `` you and uraza are really coming along as a team , '' shane said . 
 `` our visitors will be pleased . '' 
 `` they 're really here ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 he might have simply been trying to lure her out of hiding . 
 `` they 're not just here , '' shane said . 
 `` they 're waiting for us . '' 
 she felt nervous , but hoped it did n't show . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 they started walking toward the walled buildings . 
 `` you should probably put uraza into her dormant state . '' 
 `` wo n't they want to see her ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 `` it proves your abilities , '' shane said . 
 `` you 're young to use the dormant state . 
 it also shows respect . 
 some of their spirit animals do n't get along well with others . 
 if you keep uraza with you , they 'll have to make their animals passive . 
 it would be rude . '' 
 abeke could see what he meant , but was n't it rude for them to expect her to put uraza away if their animals were the unfriendly ones ? 
 the visitors clearly meant a lot to shane , so she decided not to argue . 
 abeke held out her arm and called to uraza . 
 with a stinging flash , the leopard became a tattoo . 
 it was not far to the walled stronghold . 
 they passed through a massive iron gate and shane led abeke to the central building . 
 they entered and went to the main chamber . 
 a pair of guards who abeke did n't recognize stood outside a set of heavy doors . 
 they bowed to shane and let them pass . 
 the visitors were assembled at the far side of the large stone room . 
 a throne had been set up , and on it sat a regal man just entering his autumn years . 
 his temples were touched with gray , and he had a craggy face with a jutting chin . 
 a circlet ringed his head , wrought like a snake consuming its own tail . 
 below his heavy eyebrows , dark eyes watched abeke intently . 
 before his throne stretched an enormous crocodile . 
 abeke had no idea they could grow so large . 
 from snout to tail , it was longer than five grown men lying end to end . 
 `` he 's a king , '' abeke murmured to shane . 
 `` yes , '' shane muttered back . 
 `` behave accordingly . '' 
 to one side of the king crouched a wizened old woman on a stool , bundled in coarse rags . 
 drool dribbled from one corner of her withered lips . 
 on the other side of the throne stood zerif . 
 he was dressed in fancier clothes than when they had last met , and his hair was slicked back . 
 `` zerif ! '' 
 abeke cried . 
 her eyes had been so drawn to the man on the throne and to the crocodile that she had been slow to recognize her former protector . 
 he gave a polite nod . 
 `` i told you that we would meet again . '' 
 he gestured toward the throne . 
 `` may i introduce general gar , king of the lost lands . 
 sire , meet abeke , the summoner of uraza . '' 
 `` no small feat , '' said the man on the throne . 
 he had a voice that carried weight . 
 it was n't terribly deep but , like his face , it was full of presence . 
 a voice accustomed to giving orders . 
 `` is that your crocodile ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 general gar raised his eyebrows . 
 `` indeed . 
 a saltwater crocodile , from the continent of stetriol . '' 
 abeke frowned . 
 stetriol ? 
 erdas had four regions , and none were named stetriol . 
 she shivered as her eyes strayed to the huge reptile . 
 abeke had only heard of one person who ever had a saltwater crocodile as a spirit animal . 
 the devourer . 
 `` what are you thinking , abeke ? '' 
 general gar asked . 
 `` speak freely . '' 
 `` it 's just that ... '' abeke hesitated . 
 `` i 've seldom heard of a big crocodile like this as a spirit animal . '' 
 `` only once , am i right ? '' 
 general gar said with a knowing grin . 
 he waved a dismissive hand . 
 `` it gets mentioned all the time . 
 the devourer , from the children 's stories , was said to have been paired with a saltwater crocodile . 
 but he died long ago . 
 i know it is rare across the rest of erdas , but in stetriol , summoning a saltwater crocodile is no cause for astonishment . 
 it occurs from time to time . '' 
 abeke looked to shane , and then to zerif . 
 they seemed at ease . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` it 's true , abeke , '' shane said . 
 `` the histories do n't mention stetriol , but it 's a real place . 
 i was born there . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' zerif assured her . 
 `` the greencloaks wrote the histories , and they deliberately ignored stetriol . 
 no surprise there . 
 they committed horrible crimes against the people of our continent . '' 
 abeke measured up zerif . 
 `` you told me you work with greencloaks . '' 
 `` i do , on occasion . 
 some of them are very good people . 
 others seek to dominate the world . 
 the organization has been corrupt for a long time , and is getting worse . 
 listen , nobody knows more about the devourer than the people of stetriol - we were the first continent he conquered , all those years ago . 
 we were grateful when the greencloaks freed us from his evil rule , until they turned on us . 
 women , children - the greencloaks tried to wipe out all life on stetriol , as if the common people were responsible for what the devourer had done . 
 we had suffered under the tyranny of the devourer , and then we suffered worse after the greencloaks defeated him . 
 only by hiding did any of us survive . '' 
 zerif 's dark eyes held abeke captive . 
 `` the greencloaks were ashamed of their actions and tried to hide the fact that stetriol ever existed . 
 for the most part , they succeeded . 
 they removed it from the histories and from the maps . 
 but not all the people in stetriol perished . 
 the survivors had descendants . 
 general gar is their king . '' 
 abeke shot a curious glance at shane . 
 this information was new to her , but she supposed it was all plausible . 
 `` you are understandably puzzled , '' general gar said . 
 `` perhaps you imagine yourself among enemies , for that is how the greencloaks characterize everyone but themselves . 
 nothing could be further from the truth . '' 
 chinwe was the only greencloak abeke had actually known . 
 she had always seemed kind of mysterious , but had genuinely cared about the village . 
 in the stories , the greencloaks were always the good guys , but if the greencloaks had written the stories ... shifting on his throne , general gar raised his eyebrows . 
 `` the war happened long ago . 
 we do not hate the greencloaks . 
 the butchers who slaughtered our ancestors are long gone . 
 but you must forgive us if we are slow to trust them . 
 they tried to exterminate us once , and we fear they may do the same again . 
 this is why we have endured centuries without the nectar , our people suffering the illness and death that accompanies natural bonding . '' 
 abeke looked to shane again . 
 `` how awful ! 
 your bonding ... '' `` occurred without any nectar , '' shane said . 
 `` i was one of the lucky ones . 
 other friends and family were n't . '' 
 abeke realized with surprise that shane 's eyes were wet . 
 she had never seen him look so vulnerable . 
 `` we mean the greencloaks no harm , '' general gar said . 
 `` we mean no harm to the other nations of erdas . 
 we just want the chance to protect our people from the side effects of natural bonding . 
 our problem is that the greencloaks control all the nectar , and use that control to wield power over the people of erdas . 
 the greencloaks should make the nectar available to everyone . '' 
 `` they share it , '' abeke said , thinking of chinwe . 
 `` the good ones do , '' general gar agreed . 
 `` but they only share it on their terms . 
 in return , they want influence , control . 
 and those are the best of them . 
 some keep it for themselves . 
 or , worse , they share false nectar . 
 it is already a terrible problem in zhong and amaya , and the problem is spreading . '' 
 `` that does n't seem very fair , '' abeke admitted . 
 `` exactly , '' shane said . 
 `` but we ca n't risk asking them directly . 
 if they know people survive in stetriol , they might come destroy us . '' 
 `` we have a plan to help them listen to reason , '' zerif said . 
 `` did you know that each of the great beasts possesses a talisman ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' abeke said , unsure . 
 `` my mother mentioned them in the stories she told . '' 
 `` all of the talismans contain powers that can be used by the marked , '' zerif explained . 
 `` the greencloaks are currently seeking the talismans of the great beasts . 
 they wish to control all of the talismans just as they control the world 's supply of nectar . '' 
 `` we intend to claim the talismans first , '' general gar said . 
 `` that way the greencloaks will have to listen to us . 
 and the talismans will give us some protection in case the greencloaks try to wipe out stetriol again . 
 we can not lose more loved ones to the consequences of natural bonding . 
 with our modest numbers , we are risking everything to obtain a few of these talismans . 
 abeke , we hope that you and uraza will help us . '' 
 abeke felt confused . 
 `` me ? 
 how can i help ? 
 i know nothing about any talismans . 
 unless ... do you think uraza has one ? '' 
 `` uraza lost her talisman when she was killed , as did the other four fallen , '' zerif said . 
 `` no one knows where they ended up . 
 we have people investigating those . 
 shane 's sister , drina , leads that team . '' 
 `` we do n't require information from you , '' general gar clarified , and gestured to the crone on the stool . 
 `` we have yumaris . 
 her spirit animal is an earthworm . 
 yumaris has lost touch with daily life , but she sees with a penetrating eye . 
 she is how zerif found you . 
 she recently located one of the talismans , in amaya . 
 i want you to join zerif and shane to help us retrieve it . '' 
 `` you and uraza can help repair the world , '' zerif said , his face intent . 
 `` join us in protecting our homeland and helping to make the nectar available to all who need it . '' 
 abeke frowned . 
 something did n't feel right . 
 she trusted shane , but it was all so much to absorb . 
 `` what about the men who were making monsters ? '' 
 general gar nodded . 
 `` shane informed me about your unfortunate encounter . 
 those were not our men , but i am aware of them . 
 they constantly experiment in the attempt to find a replacement for the nectar . 
 i applaud their desire to make nectar freely available , but i have no love for their methods . '' 
 `` it was a terrible accident , '' zerif said . 
 `` we have already sent an envoy to inform them of the danger they caused and to insist they take their unnatural tests elsewhere . '' 
 abeke nodded . 
 she had hoped general gar 's people had n't been behind those monsters , but needed to be sure . 
 their cause sounded just . 
 everyone deserved to protect their home . 
 chinwe had called the greencloaks the protectors of erdas , but she had always been extremely secretive about the nectar . 
 and chinwe was probably one of the good ones . 
 general gar , zerif , and shane all seemed to respect abeke , and even more , they seemed to need her . 
 they had gone to great lengths to find her and to train her . 
 perhaps her great stealth would help them get some of the talismans . 
 shane took her hand . 
 `` it 's a lot to take in , '' he said . 
 `` we 're involving you in our problems . 
 if you need some time to think this over , just let us know . '' 
 abeke shook her head . 
 here she stood , with a king asking for her help , along with the man her father had trusted to watch over her , and her first close friend in all the world . 
 there would be time to learn more details later . 
 for now , she would do whatever she could . 
 abeke squeezed shane 's hand . 
 `` you can count on me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll help you find the talisman . '' 
 12 boulder city four horses cantered along a faded trail bordered by low , scrubby bushes . 
 a long , angular ridge occasionally gave variety to the dry , rolling terrain . 
 rollan rode at the back of the line . 
 a week ago , he had never sat astride a horse . 
 after several days in the saddle , the soreness was wearing off , and he was growing more comfortable with his mount . 
 the horses were all chargers , bred by the greencloaks not only for power and endurance , but also for intelligence and loyalty . 
 rollan supposed it paid to have horses furnished by animal experts . 
 conor was up ahead , then meilin beyond him , and finally tarik in the lead . 
 all wore green cloaks . 
 olvan had provided rollan with a gray one . 
 the commander of the greencloaks had struck a deal with him . 
 if rollan helped retrieve this first talisman , he would receive enough money to last him a year , along with the official friendship of the greencloaks , meaning he could stay in any of the towers and - a point rollan was careful to include - eat their food . 
 rollan would receive nothing more until all of the talismans were accounted for , in which case the greencloaks would buy him a manor and provide him with enough money for five lifetimes . 
 olvan had stressed that at any point throughout the process , rollan could renounce his rewards and take up the green cloak instead . 
 with the crest of a long and gradual rise approaching up ahead , tarik slowed his mount to a walk , and the others followed his lead . 
 overhead , essix gave a cry and came spiraling down to land on rollan 's shoulder . 
 meilin wore jhi on her hand , tarik 's otter lay curled at the back of his saddle , and briggan loped tirelessly alongside conor . 
 from the top of the rise , rollan looked down with the others at a rustic settlement . 
 a few dirt streets crisscrossed the imperfect rows of adobe buildings . 
 people bustled along with a few wagons , horses , and a handful of dogs . 
 despite the activity , the crowds were nothing compared to what rollan was used to in concorba . 
 none of the buildings looked very large to him , and several of them were in shoddy condition . 
 the low wall around the community was made of stacked stones , which rollan found downright pathetic . 
 `` our first destination , '' tarik announced . 
 `` boulder city . '' '' 
 ` pebble village ' would ring truer , '' rollan scoffed . 
 `` it 's also called sanabajari , '' tarik went on . 
 `` nonnatives tend to prefer the nickname . 
 the towns are small here in the far west of amaya . 
 few care to brave the dangers beyond the more settled region of the continent . 
 the folk who live here are from sturdy stock . 
 it would be sensible to avoid a mocking tone . '' 
 `` i see why amaya is dubbed the new lands , '' meilin said . 
 `` no section of zhong is this ... uncivilized . '' 
 `` zhong is known as the walled lands , '' tarik said . 
 `` the territory within the wall is highly developed and well-tended . 
 but i have seen corners of the continent beyond the wall that make boulder city appear refined . '' 
 `` this is where we 'll find the bear and the raccoon ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` if lenori and olvan interpreted the vision properly , '' tarik said . 
 `` barlow and monte used to be greencloaks at sunset tower . 
 they broke their oaths to become explorers . 
 they 've spent the last fifteen years roaming the wilds of western amaya . 
 few , if any , have traveled this continent as widely . 
 i 've not met them personally , but by reputation they 're expert outdoorsmen . 
 barlow 's companion is a bear , and monte 's is a raccoon . 
 perhaps they 've come across arax in their wanderings . 
 that 's the hope , at any rate . '' 
 `` how do we know they 'll be here ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` we do n't , '' tarik admitted . 
 `` greencloaks try to stay aware of their own , present and former . 
 last we had word , barlow and monte had established a trading post in boulder city . 
 if they 're not here , we 'll pick up a trail . '' 
 they rode down a slope , through a gap in the low stone wall , and onward into town . 
 rollan noticed the cold stares from people on the street and in doorways , most eyes dwelling on the green cloaks worn by the other members of the group . 
 nearly all of the people in view were men . 
 the majority were hardy and weathered , with threadbare clothes and rough beards . 
 tarik pulled up in front of the largest building in town , a dingy white two-story structure with an amber tiled roof . 
 a covered wooden boardwalk wrapped around the establishment , and a sizable sign proclaimed it the trading post . 
 in a flash , tarik 's otter became a design on his arm . 
 `` send your falcon aloft , '' the greencloak suggested to rollan . 
 `` conor , leave briggan outside . '' 
 `` essix , take to the - '' rollan began , but his falcon sprang into flight before he could finish . 
 `` would you mind guarding the horses , briggan ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 the wolf sniffed conor 's mount , then sat nearby . 
 `` will there be trouble ? '' 
 rollan wondered . 
 he wore a knife at his hip . 
 living on the streets , he had always carried a small blade of some sort , but the greencloaks had supplied him with the finest he had ever owned . 
 the weapon on his belt was a true dagger , well-made and keen , almost a short sword . 
 he had a much smaller knife tucked in his boot . 
 `` perhaps , '' tarik said . 
 `` some former greencloaks hold grudges . '' 
 `` interesting , '' rollan murmured . 
 `` should we take off our cloaks ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` never out of shame or to win favor , '' tarik said . 
 `` it sets a bad precedent . 
 we must stand behind who we are and what we represent . '' 
 but what do you really represent ? 
 rollan wondered . 
 he watched a group of surly , squinting men go out of their way to walk a wide circle around the greencloaks . 
 an older man leading a laden mule paused to consider them , one fist on his hip . 
 across the street , hesitant faces appeared in the windows . 
 `` everyone is staring , '' conor muttered . 
 `` then let 's give them something to watch , '' tarik said , leading the way into the trading post . 
 he wore his sword strapped across his back . 
 meilin had brought her quarterstaff . 
 rollan noted that conor left his ax back with his saddle . 
 everything screeched to a halt in the trading post as they entered . 
 diners at the bar paused mid-bite , and trading at the general store came to a dead stop . 
 in the silence , rollan noticed plentiful animal hides on display , along with outdoor gear and row upon row of axes , swords , and other weapons . 
 tarik strode over to the counter in the general store . 
 several big men made way for him , their gazes ranging from suspicion to outright hostility . 
 behind the counter a balding man with a mischievous face surveyed the newcomers . 
 `` greencloaks ? '' 
 he groaned with a smirk . 
 `` official business or just passing through ? '' 
 `` i 'm here to look in on two former colleagues , barlow and monte , '' tarik replied . 
 the man behind the counter looked perplexed for a moment , then gave a nod . 
 `` been some time since those two wore much green . 
 ca n't claim to have seen either of them lately . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` do they still own this trading post ? '' 
 `` they do , '' the man replied . 
 `` it 's the most successful emporium hereabouts , which frees them from minding the day-to-day operations . '' 
 rollan heard a brief uproar behind him . 
 he pivoted to see essix gliding toward him through the open door . 
 the falcon landed on his shoulder . 
 forcing a smile , he stroked the bird with the back of one knuckle , trying to act as though the appearance had been expected . 
 as usual , essix was out to prove she could go where she wanted , when she wanted , regardless of instructions . 
 both tarik and the man behind the counter stared at him . 
 rollan waved a hand . 
 `` go ahead . 
 do n't mind us . '' 
 tarik turned back to face the shopkeeper . 
 `` how long would i need to wait for their return ? '' 
 the man folded his hands on the countertop . 
 `` they own property all over . 
 they do n't share their schedules with me , and it is n't my place to ask . 
 depending on the season , the two of them can be absent for months at a time . '' 
 `` he 's lying , '' rollan blurted , regretting the words as soon as he had let them escape . 
 it was just so obvious . 
 with essix on his shoulder , his perceptions felt heightened , his alertness sharpened . 
 he could read the way the storekeeper licked his lips at the wrong time , glanced away at the wrong time . 
 `` i agree , '' tarik said calmly . 
 `` w-what do you mean , i 'm lying ? '' 
 the man sputtered . 
 rollan could feel the men behind him shifting . 
 `` what 's the lad playing at ? '' 
 one particularly large guy muttered to his neighbor . 
 `` he 's got himself a gyrfalcon . '' 
 `` your bosses are n't in any trouble , '' tarik said . 
 the man behind the counter seemed to take some courage from all the grumbling . 
 `` thanks for the assurance , stranger . 
 look , i 'm not sure where you 're from , but around here we are n't fond of greencloaks butting into our affairs . '' 
 some of the surrounding men muttered words of agreement . '' 
 ... no regard for privacy ... '' '' ... holding up the line ... '' `` go drink your nectar ! '' 
 tarik stepped away from the counter . 
 he only raised his voice enough to be heard . 
 `` i 'm here on orders from sunset tower . 
 if any man cares to get in my way , step forward . '' 
 rollan noticed that tarik did n't reach for his sword . 
 he made no threatening movement . 
 but he was a tall man with a serious face , and there was no humor in his tone . 
 the men who had grumbled found other places to look . 
 tarik turned halfway back to the counter . 
 `` i was trying to be discreet . 
 apparently that is n't how things are done here . 
 i need to see monte and barlow on official business . 
 the orders come straight from the top . 
 you 're not doing them any favors by getting in the way . 
 we 'll return in force if necessary . 
 they might as well get it over with . '' 
 an outburst of murmurs followed the new explanation . 
 the man behind the counter ducked out of sight , as if retrieving something from down low . 
 rollan heard faint footfalls . 
 `` he 's running ! '' 
 tarik leaned forward , looking over the wide counter . 
 showing unexpected speed , the shopkeeper popped up near the end of it , leaped nimbly over , and yanked open a window . 
 rollan ran to chase him . 
 tarik moved to follow as well , but some of the large customers stepped in his way . 
 with a burst of light , lumeo appeared , and tarik started throwing punches . 
 essix flew out the window ahead of rollan , who climbed through in time to see the shopkeeper duck behind the trading post . 
 rollan hit the ground running . 
 by the time he made it around to the back of the building , the storekeeper was on a barrel , jumping for the bottom railing of a second-story balcony . 
 before he could pull himself up , essix swooped at him , talons extended , and raked his arm . 
 the man dropped to the ground . 
 rollan kept coming . 
 the man ran toward the far side of the back of the trading post , but stopped short as briggan raced around from that direction . 
 the shopkeeper raised his hands as the wolf approached . 
 `` all right ! 
 chase over . 
 leave me be . '' 
 conor came around the corner from the same direction as briggan , just before rollan caught up to the shopkeeper . 
 `` why 'd you run ? '' 
 rollan accused . 
 briggan moved in close enough to sniff the man , who flinched away . 
 `` i 've dealt with too many greencloaks in my day , '' the man replied . 
 `` listen , i have a thing with wolves . 
 especially getting eaten by them . 
 can you call yours off ? '' 
 briggan was n't growling , but the big animal stood close and had his hackles raised . 
 `` not so fast , '' rollan pressed . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the man sighed in resignation . 
 `` i guess i neglected to introduce myself . 
 name 's monte . '' 
 13 barlow and monty conor stayed at the rear of the group as monte led them through a back room and up a flight of stairs . 
 to think the man behind the counter had been one of the pair they were looking for ! 
 he had done a smooth job bluffing tarik . 
 meilin and tarik had caught up to them behind the store . 
 one of tarik 's eyes had already started to swell , and he had a cut beside his mouth . 
 when asked , meilin quietly assured conor that tarik had dealt out many more injuries than he received . 
 under pressure , monte had promised to bring them to barlow using a back door . 
 he warned them that his partner might not be happy to see them . 
 tarik assured him that it was necessary . 
 as monte reluctantly led the group down a hall on the second floor of the trading post , conor noticed a flicker of movement behind him , low to the ground . 
 after they rounded the next corner , he waited , letting the others stroll ahead . 
 a moment later , a furry masked face peered around the corner , ducking back immediately . 
 `` come on out , '' conor offered . 
 when the raccoon did n't comply , conor looked around the corner , but did n't spot it anywhere . 
 the little guy was fast . 
 conor caught up to the others as monte knocked on a heavy door toward the rear of the building . 
 it was answered by a brawny man with massive sloping shoulders and thick whiskers that came up nearly to his eyes . 
 he stood almost half a head taller than tarik , and conor doubted whether he had ever seen a better human match for a bear . 
 the huge man glowered at monte . 
 `` greencloaks ! 
 at my door ? 
 really ? '' 
 `` they ... uh ... insisted , '' monte explained . 
 `` no surprise there , '' the big man said , sizing up the visitors . 
 his eyes lingered on conor . 
 `` i see we have some seasoned veterans of ... what ? 
 a week ? '' 
 conor tried to stand up straight and look older than he felt . 
 monte gave a nervous chuckle . 
 `` they want to have a word with us . '' 
 barlow locked eyes with tarik . 
 `` you looking for trouble ? 
 you ca n't own people . 
 we have n't done anything wrong . '' 
 `` we 're looking for arax , '' tarik said . 
 barlow 's explosive laugh made conor jump . 
 `` arax ? '' 
 monte exclaimed . 
 `` is this a prank ? 
 who put you up to this ? '' 
 barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving . 
 he wiped a tear from one eye . 
 `` it 's no prank , '' tarik said . 
 `` the devourer is back and he 's after the talismans . 
 we need to get to arax first . '' 
 barlow straightened abruptly and he took a shuddering breath . 
 `` the devourer ? 
 what kind of talk is this ? '' 
 `` he 's returned , '' tarik said . 
 `` as promised . 
 or at least somebody very much like him . 
 zhong is under attack . 
 the wall has been breached . 
 southern nilo is at war as well . '' 
 `` this is rich , '' monte said . 
 `` this deserves an audience . 
 some lies are too big to swallow , especially on a full stomach . '' 
 `` i saw the attack on zhong with my own eyes , '' meilin said . 
 `` a huge host bearing down on jano rion . 
 i left my father behind to defend the city . '' 
 scowling , barlow turned to her . 
 `` left your father ? 
 let me guess , the greencloaks took you away . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` when will you people learn to leave kids alone ? '' 
 barlow said . 
 `` who first decided to dress them up and equip them like adults ? 
 who keeps the tradition alive ? '' 
 `` this is a big issue of his , '' monte said with a smirk . 
 `` do n't engage him . 
 it wo n't end well . 
 listen , we 're sorry to hear about a war overseas , but we do n't know the first thing about where to find a great beast , including arax , so why do n't we call this conversation over ? '' 
 `` you 're not bad actors , '' rollan said . 
 `` the laugh was a little much , barlow . 
 and you explained too much at the end , monte . '' 
 barlow considered him soberly . 
 `` what 's with the gyrfalcon ? '' 
 `` take a guess , '' rollan said evenly . 
 with a flash , meilin 's panda appeared , and essix shrieked from rollan 's shoulder . 
 `` are we showing off ? '' 
 barlow asked , hands closing into fists . 
 `` my bear 's bigger . '' 
 `` she 's not threatening you , '' tarik explained calmly . 
 `` think . '' 
 `` that 's a panda , '' monte said , his smirk vanishing . 
 `` a silver-eyed panda . '' 
 he looked at essix warily , then over at his partner . 
 `` i get the joke , '' barlow said gruffly . 
 `` it 's in poor taste . 
 what is this ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 `` i left briggan outside , '' conor said , aware that the animals had made an impact on the two explorers . 
 `` but he helped me have a vision . 
 i saw a bear and a raccoon leading us to arax . 
 olvan and lenori thought it had to mean you two . '' 
 `` they 've seen the ram , '' rollan said . 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 barlow was frowning , but looked less hostile . 
 `` let 's see the wolf . '' 
 `` you are n't taking this - '' monte began . 
 barlow held up a hand . 
 `` let 's see briggan . '' 
 barlow took his time examining briggan , jhi , and essix after conor returned . 
 monte inspected all three as well , but kept his distance from briggan . 
 `` if this is a ruse , '' barlow finally declared , `` it 's excellent work . '' 
 the big man ran his hands through briggan 's pelt with reluctant wonder . 
 `` are you sure you are n't hiding uraza ? '' 
 monte asked tarik . 
 `` i showed you my mark , '' tarik said . 
 `` my spirit animal is an otter . 
 we have n't found the girl who called the leopard . 
 our enemy got to her first . '' 
 conor watched as monte 's raccoon hesitantly approached briggan , backing away as the wolf sniffed him . 
 barlow sat back on his heels . 
 `` you want us to believe the big showdown has begun ? '' 
 tarik inclined his head . 
 `` the fallen beasts have returned , the devourer is back and on the move - all the things the greencloaks have worried about for hundreds of years . '' 
 monte shivered . 
 `` i 'd hoped to be long gone before this day came . 
 part of me doubted it would ever happen , but it 's hard to argue with three of the four fallen . '' 
 `` we need to work swiftly , '' tarik said . 
 `` we must collect the talismans . 
 our enemies have the same goal . '' 
 barlow snorted . 
 `` this is n't just a race against your enemies . 
 do you expect arax to hand over his granite ram ? 
 he did n't during the last war . 
 do you think you can take it from him ? 
 if so , you do n't know him , and you do n't know those mountains . '' 
 `` you do , '' rollan said . 
 `` we get it , '' monte snapped . 
 `` you have a knack . 
 you 're onto us . 
 essix was n't called deepseer for nothing . '' 
 this was the first time conor had heard this term . 
 catching rollan 's eye , he mouthed , `` deepseer ? '' 
 rollan shrugged , his expression perplexed and displeased . 
 conor could sympathize with the feeling . 
 what other information about their spirit animals were the greencloaks withholding ? 
 why had n't they told them all they knew ? 
 `` so you 've seen arax ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 barlow slowly exhaled . 
 `` we 've seen most of western amaya , at one time or another . 
 splendor like you would n't believe . 
 ugliness too . 
 one day high in the mountains , scrubber showed us some very peculiar tracks . '' 
 `` scrubber ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 `` my raccoon , '' monte supplied . 
 `` like the tracks of a bighorn sheep , '' barlow said . 
 `` but way out of scale . 
 much too big . '' 
 he made a shape with his hands nearly the size of a dinner plate . 
 `` we followed the tracks some distance . 
 crazy as it seemed , they looked authentic . 
 we were in high , lonely country . 
 if it was a trick , it was a good one . 
 we knew we might never get a second chance , so we followed the prints . '' 
 `` he was amazing , '' monte said . 
 `` of all the sights we ever saw while crossing unmapped territory , nothing could compare . '' 
 `` i 'll second that , '' barlow said . 
 `` did you engage him ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 barlow chuckled . 
 `` we were intimidated enough watching from a distance . 
 he knew we were there . 
 he kicked up some wind to remind us who was in charge . 
 when we backed off , he let us go . '' 
 `` kicked up wind ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` arax can influence the weather in high places , '' monte said . 
 `` especially the wind . '' 
 `` you really saw a great beast ? '' 
 conor asked , his face lit with wonder . 
 briggan butted his leg . 
 conor rubbed his wolf . 
 `` i meant a full-sized one . '' 
 briggan butted him again . 
 conor knew he 'd made a mistake , and hoped he would n't have to pay for it later . 
 monte glanced at briggan , then back at the group . 
 `` you kids are traveling with legends . '' 
 barlow eyed tarik . 
 `` those mountaintops are no place for children . 
 they 're not even a place for skilled mountaineers . 
 wait a few years . 
 let the kids grow up , gain some experience . 
 with the animals they have , they 'll be formidable . '' 
 conor could n't help feeling a little inflated by the praise . 
 he repressed a proud smile . 
 `` it 's sound advice , '' tarik said . 
 `` but we ca n't . 
 we have to take the risk . 
 it would help our odds to have skilled guides along . '' 
 barlow huffed and scowled . 
 `` i respect your mission . 
 but to my mind , the greencloaks have always been too willing to prey on the young . 
 we get talked into committing to something before we 've figured out who we really are . 
 i felt ready at eleven , and i survived , but i 've seen other young ones who have n't . 
 the greencloaks are too quick to sacrifice too much . '' 
 `` we 're in an impossible situation , '' tarik said . 
 `` we will not find these talismans without the great beasts . 
 if the devourer gets them , that will be the end of erdas as we know it . '' 
 `` aye , but ... '' barlow sighed . 
 he fixed his attention on conor , meilin , and rollan . 
 `` you young ones ca n't understand . 
 you ca n't imagine what you 're up against . 
 this mission is beyond me and monte . 
 i expect tarik has seen and done a lot , but it 's beyond him too . 
 we 're talking about one of the fifteen great beasts . 
 older than recorded history . 
 strong enough to level this town on a whim . 
 as comfortable on a precipice as you are in your beds . 
 smarter and more experienced than we can imagine . '' 
 briggan stepped forward to stand before barlow , ears pricked forward and head high . 
 feeling a surge of confidence , conor stepped forward as well . 
 `` you 're forgetting who we have on our side . 
 it 's three against one . '' 
 essix stretched out her wings , flapping them twice . 
 `` you 've got assets , '' barlow admitted . 
 `` but they are n't all they once were . 
 you kids need time to grow , and so do they . 
 you 'd have to see arax to grasp it . '' 
 `` we 'll search for arax with or without you , '' tarik said . 
 `` without you i dislike our chances , but we 'll still try . 
 conor saw you in a vision for a reason . '' 
 essix flew to perch on barlow 's shoulder . 
 jhi rose up on her hind legs with surprising grace . 
 briggan drew near , bit the leg of barlow 's trousers , and tugged . 
 barlow sighed , his posture slumping . 
 he spoke slowly , his eyes on the animals . 
 `` i always knew that green cloak would come back to haunt me . 
 i spent years in places no living man has visited before or since , but deep down , in my bones , i knew that sooner or later , that cloak would find me . '' 
 monte glanced at his friend . 
 `` is that how it is ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so , '' barlow said . 
 `` we better dig our gear out of storage . '' 
 14 ravens growing up , meilin had toured much of zhong . 
 she had visited the wall in the north , the east , the west , the south , and countless points in between . 
 thousands of miles long , the wall enclosed much . 
 but she had never traveled beyond it . 
 she had never explored wild country . 
 in the weeks journeying with monte and barlow , the landscape had steadily become more impressive . 
 what started as prairie grew into hills and high ridges , and finally erupted into mighty mountains . 
 sharp stone cliffs clawed at the sky , and towering waterfalls fell toward deep gorges . 
 the lower lands were thickly forested , and meilin caught the sparkle of lakes in the distance , underneath peaks capped in snow . 
 inside the wall , zhong 's charm consisted mostly of order imposed on the natural terrain . 
 meilin had witnessed grand feats of architecture - temples , museums , palaces , cities . 
 she had seen elaborate parks and gardens . 
 she knew how water could be channeled to irrigate fields or held in reserve by ingenious dams . 
 she had traveled on wide roads and over glorious bridges . 
 the splendor here was different . 
 untamed , unaltered , unmanaged , this beauty surpassed anything she had seen in zhong . 
 what building could compare to these mountains ? 
 what canal could measure up against these unruly rivers and cascades ? 
 meilin did not voice her wonder . 
 she was not particularly close to any of her companions , and could not help feeling that to praise the magnificence of this wilderness would somehow diminish her and her homeland . 
 in spite of the remarkable sights , the trek felt long and lonely . 
 meilin lacked many comforts she had always enjoyed , and missed the familiarity of her family and attendants . 
 unwilling to get to know her companions through conversation , she relied on observation . 
 of anyone in the group , she admired tarik most . 
 he said little beyond what was needful , and had a competent bearing that reminded meilin of her father 's best soldiers . 
 monte talked ten times more than necessary . 
 full of jokes , stories , and idle prattle , he spoke with anyone who would listen . 
 barlow did n't seem to mind - in fact he made an effort to ride near his friend , chuckling as monte yammered about nonsense and memories . 
 conor spent a lot of time with briggan . 
 it went beyond talking and petting - he seemed to have no fear of looking ridiculous or of insulting his spirit animal with horseplay . 
 he threw sticks for the wolf to fetch , and ran around playing tag . 
 they even splashed in creeks together . 
 she had to admit that as a result , their relationship seemed to grow warmer . 
 the connection between rollan and his falcon was much more distant , and essix stayed aloft much of the time . 
 meilin had tried to communicate with jhi . 
 the day after jhi rescued her , meilin had felt very grateful . 
 but their relationship had soon fallen back into the same old rhythms . 
 jhi was just so docile . 
 the panda liked to play sedately on her own , but showed little interest when meilin tried to initiate simple games of fetch or catch . 
 jhi listened whenever meilin spoke , but offered little reaction . 
 while the group was on the move , jhi clearly preferred her dormant state , so that was where meilin kept her . 
 only one sleepwalking episode had occurred so far while on the trail with monte and barlow . 
 meilin had woken alone in the dark woods . 
 jhi had appeared before panic could fully set in , and led her back to the others . 
 the walk had taken more than twenty minutes . 
 that had happened several days ago . 
 though monte claimed they were getting closer to arax , they still had n't found any evidence of the ram . 
 this morning they had crossed a wide valley and now they were making their way up a forested slope with little undergrowth . 
 barlow and monte rode in the lead . 
 meilin came behind them , ahead of the boys . 
 tarik had the rear . 
 as usual , monte chattered to barlow . 
 `` remember that forest on the northern slopes of the gray mountains ? 
 it was like this one - so much space between the trees , you could practically ride at a gallop . 
 and we found that abandoned outpost . '' 
 `` almost abandoned , '' barlow clarified . 
 monte pointed at him . 
 `` exactly ! 
 that one guy was living there all alone . 
 how many pigs did he have ? 
 like a hundred ! 
 he was eating bacon for breakfast , pork for lunch , and ham for dinner . 
 and he would n't trade one for anything ! 
 what a boar , turning his snout up at us so he could hog them all . 
 i wonder if he 's still - '' as essix let out a cry of warning , barlow reined in his horse and lifted a hand . 
 monte sat up in his saddle and looked around . 
 barlow raised his voice . 
 `` we do n't want any trouble ! 
 we 're passing onward to the high country . '' 
 in all directions , as far as meilin could see , men came into view through the trees . 
 one moment nobody was around them , and the next , there were dozens . 
 armed with spears and bows , they stalked forward together , moving intently , as if approaching dangerous prey . 
 they wore leather about their loins and had capes of black feathers . 
 some had painted their faces in black and white . 
 a few wore wooden masks . 
 meilin 's heart pounded , and she squeezed her reins tightly . 
 how had so many warriors managed to encircle them ? 
 she tried to stay calm , tried to remind herself that battles were won with the mind . 
 the amayans had a huge tactical advantage . 
 meilin guessed there were seventy warriors , with possibly more still out of sight , closing in from all directions . 
 none were mounted , but many had arrows at the ready . 
 even if meilin 's group tried to ride through them , there was no way to escape unscathed . 
 three warriors broke from their pack to address barlow . 
 the man in the middle touched his fist to his chest . 
 `` i am derawat . '' 
 barlow mimicked the gesture . 
 `` barlow . '' 
 `` these lands are under the protection of the ravens . 
 you have no place here . '' 
 `` we seek no place here , '' barlow replied . 
 `` we will not remain and will take nothing . 
 we are going to the high country . '' 
 `` we saw you coming from afar . '' 
 barlow nodded . 
 `` we were not hiding . 
 we mean no harm . '' 
 `` you will surrender to us , so that we may judge you , '' derawat said . 
 in an instant , a huge grizzly bear appeared beside barlow , a shaggy brute with a hump on his shoulders . 
 the ravens retreated several paces , weapons clutched warily . 
 the bear reared up to an imposing height , and meilin felt a pang of jealousy when she considered how jhi compared . 
 `` we will not surrender , '' barlow said sternly . 
 `` we are free people going abroad . 
 we have done you no harm . 
 if you insist on trouble , we insist on trial by combat . '' 
 the three leaders of the amayan group conferred . 
 derawat announced the verdict . 
 `` you will choose a champion , as will we . 
 you will compete in our way . 
 if you win , you may pass . 
 if you lose , you are ours . '' 
 `` agreed , '' barlow said . 
 with a burst of light , his grizzly vanished . 
 a group of ravens broke off to form an escort . 
 tarik rode forward to confer with barlow . 
 `` how will this work ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` if we lose , we belong to them . 
 they can enslave us or kill us as they choose . '' 
 everyone considered that in silence for a moment . 
 `` what is the competition ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` depends on the tribe , '' barlow replied , eyeing the amayan warriors . 
 `` some prefer single combat between humans . 
 others want spirit animals to fight . 
 some contests are to the death , others to submission . 
 i 've never dealt with the ravens before . '' 
 `` sour luck , '' monte grumbled . 
 `` many amayan tribes are peaceful and fair-minded , even generous . 
 we planned our route to avoid the most dangerous ones and only touched the fringe of raven lands . 
 they must have spotted us when we crossed the valley . '' 
 `` any objection to me handling the fight ? '' 
 tarik asked . 
 `` it 's best to wait before we choose our champion , '' barlow suggested . 
 `` they sometimes set strange limits , or use odd weapons . 
 i 'm not bad in contests of strength . 
 in a straight brawl between spirit animals , jools is hard to defeat . '' 
 `` very well , '' tarik agreed . 
 `` we 'll wait . '' 
 the amayans led them to a village in a meadow not far off . 
 the dwellings were made of hides supported by wooden frames . 
 meilin noticed multiple fire pits , but no flames and no smoke . 
 the warriors led the riders to a clearing in the middle of the village . 
 derawat indicated a circular patch of dirt . 
 he walked over to a vat just beyond the circle and dipped his knuckles into black sludge . 
 `` two combatants enter the circle . 
 spirit animals must be dormant . 
 the first to land ten strikes wins . 
 hard or soft , ten touches ends the contest . 
 i will fight for the ravens . 
 name your champion . '' 
 meilin watched with wide eyes as barlow , monte , and tarik leaned together to confer . 
 should she intervene ? 
 derawat looked quick and wiry , perfect for the type of competition he had described . 
 `` this is a matter of speed and precision , '' barlow said . 
 `` not my strong suit . '' 
 `` i bet i could do it , '' monte said . 
 `` let me , '' tarik said . 
 `` even without lumeo 's help , i have experience with close combat , often with sharp weapons , so i 'm used to avoiding blows . 
 i 'm quick with a long reach . '' 
 `` okay with me , '' barlow said . 
 `` i 'll face him , '' meilin announced . 
 the three men looked so taken aback that meilin tried not to feel insulted . 
 they had never seen what she could do . 
 `` he 's a large opponent , '' tarik began , trying to be polite . 
 `` i would n't offer if this contest were n't made for me , '' meilin said . 
 `` i 've been schooled in zhongese combat arts my whole life . 
 it 's my specialty . 
 if any of you attempt this , the outcome is far less certain . '' 
 her companions looked at each other awkwardly . 
 tarik folded his arms and squinted . 
 `` an answer ? '' 
 derawat asked . 
 `` one moment , '' barlow replied . 
 turning back , he said , `` absolutely not . 
 she 's too young . '' 
 `` i 'll do it before meilin ! '' 
 rollan broke in . 
 `` at least i 've been in some scrapes before . '' 
 `` meilin , '' tarik said gently , `` you may be right , but we have n't had the chance to assess your talents . '' 
 `` i could show you , but i would rather surprise him , '' meilin said . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 there came a cry from above , and essix dove down to land on meilin 's shoulder . 
 meilin tensed . 
 she 'd never had contact with the falcon . 
 `` essix votes for meilin , '' rollan said , his voice stunned . 
 meilin watched the falcon soar away , hardly able to believe essix had endorsed her . 
 how did the falcon know about her skills ? 
 she had n't even realized the bird had been aware of their discussion . 
 tarik gave a curt nod . 
 `` i wo n't argue with that . 
 win our freedom , meilin . '' 
 `` you sure the bird was n't voting against her ? '' 
 barlow mumbled . 
 `` i agree with rollan 's interpretation , '' tarik stated firmly . 
 barlow walked over to derawat . 
 `` our champion is meilin . '' 
 he stepped aside , extending a hand to introduce her . 
 meilin came forward , and derawat recoiled . 
 `` is this your trick to avoid the competition ? 
 only the lowest coward would hide behind a child . '' 
 barlow glanced back at tarik , who nodded . 
 `` she 's our champion , '' barlow said , his voice betraying his uncertainty . 
 `` we 're not hiding . 
 defeat her if you can . '' 
 derawat 's eyes blazed . 
 `` this is an insult ! 
 you claim the least of you can match the best of us ! 
 i will not show mercy . 
 you must honor the outcome the same as if i faced a grown opponent ! '' 
 `` win or lose , we abide by your rules , '' barlow growled . 
 `` ten strikes only . 
 meilin is our champion . '' 
 `` there is no honor in this , '' derawat spat . 
 `` afterward , you will suffer double for this offense . '' 
 barlow kept silent , but cast a meaningful glance at meilin . 
 after derawat 's cape was removed , he stormed over to the vat and dipped his knuckles in the sludge again . 
 meilin followed him and did likewise . 
 it was neither warm nor cool , and had a thick , greasy feel . 
 the rest of the ravens gathered to watch in silence , more than two hundred strong - old and young , male and female . 
 meilin hoped she was right about her chances . 
 she had no way to gauge the skill of her opponent . 
 what if he had hands like master chu ? 
 she would lose in two heartbeats . 
 this was obviously a contest these people practiced frequently . 
 derawat had the right build and acted confident . 
 his reach would give him an advantage , as would his greater strength . 
 if he connected solidly , she would go down , and he would rain blows on her . 
 derawat led meilin into the circle . 
 he looked down at her fiercely . 
 `` any strike to the arm below the elbow does not count , '' he said , indicating his forearms . 
 `` anyplace else is a hit . 
 if you step out of the circle , you lose . 
 no second chance . 
 ten strikes . 
 mohayli will count . '' 
 `` i 'll be counting too , '' barlow put in . 
 `` questions ? '' 
 derawat asked meilin . 
 `` i will still let you choose another champion . '' 
 meilin sized him up . 
 they were n't allowed to use spirit animals in this fight , otherwise she would have let tarik take her place . 
 the way he could jump and move with lumeo was unreal . 
 but without help from the beasts , she felt certain that if derawat could defeat her , he could easily beat any of the others . 
 she had to win . 
 for the mission , for personal honor , for her life . 
 `` no questions , '' she said . 
 derawat 's lips tightened and he backed away to crouch into a fighting stance . 
 `` mohayli will start us . '' 
 meilin shook her arms and legs , trying to loosen up . 
 what if the masters she had trained with had all gone easy on her ? 
 she knew they often held back , but what if it was more than she realized ? 
 what if she was about to be humiliated ? 
 no ! 
 such doubts were poison . 
 she had to keep her head . 
 a short raven held up a hand , then dropped it , shouting , `` go ! '' 
 `` you can do it , meilin ! '' 
 conor called . 
 she appreciated the sentiment , but would have preferred no distraction . 
 derawat danced lightly toward her , lean muscles rippling . 
 she held still , fists ready , stance balanced . 
 he made a couple of fake attacks , but she did n't flinch . 
 drawing near , he tried to coax her into attacking , but she resisted . 
 first she wanted to determine his quickness . 
 growing impatient , he finally took a true swing at her . 
 she dodged it , sliding away from him . 
 he attacked with more vigor , swinging multiple times and forcing her to spin and duck to avoid getting touched . 
 he was quick . 
 there would be no room for error . 
 she let him back her toward the edge of the circle , positioning herself so that a well-placed punch would push her out . 
 derawat took the bait , and meilin gave him a taste of her actual abilities . 
 instead of dodging away , she ducked toward him , slipping under his punch and striking the side and back of his thigh three times , left-right-left , then skipping away before he could retaliate . 
 `` three , '' mohayli called in a surprised tone , holding up three fingers . 
 meilin heard conor and rollan laughing with delight , but she tried not to savor the small success . 
 she had to stay in the moment . 
 derawat looked down at his leg . 
 she had hit him in three distinct places , to ensure the marks from the sludge would be easily distinguished . 
 he gazed at her with new respect , and no longer stepped quite so smoothly . 
 meilin knew what spots on the thigh would provide maximum discomfort , and she had hit her targets . 
 derawat drew near with real caution , his guard up , ready to dart forward or back . 
 it would have been easier if he had remained overconfident . 
 he attacked suddenly . 
 twice meilin felt the breeze from his fist before she blocked the third swing and almost tagged him in the ribs with a counterpunch . 
 he hopped away , hands raised protectively . 
 his next attacks were more measured , almost hesitant , and he stayed ready to defend himself . 
 meilin realized she would have to take the offensive . 
 she showed him three subtle feints , and he committed hard to defend the third . 
 then she slid close and delivered a flurry of sharp blows - stomach , stomach , thigh , side , block , stomach , block , block , knee . 
 she somersaulted away and scrambled to the far side of the circle . 
 `` five for meilin , '' mohayli said . 
 `` six , '' derawat corrected , wincing . 
 the blow to his knee had been ruthless , and her blocks had hammered the weak parts of his wrists . 
 he was much stronger , but she knew how to focus her blows , and precisely where to land them . 
 as he tried to walk off his knee injury , derawat looked at meilin in disbelief . 
 she returned his gaze gravely . 
 any gloating would dishonor him and fuel resentment . 
 she ignored the onlookers outside the circle and stayed near the edge as derawat claimed the center . 
 he shook his head and waved her toward him . 
 with her hands down , meilin walked slowly toward him . 
 when he tried a sneaky punch , she avoided it and struck him twice below the ribs . 
 `` two , '' mohayli announced . 
 `` that makes eleven for the girl . '' 
 as meilin backed away , derawat acknowledged her with a nod . 
 she returned it politely . 
 tarik , barlow , monte , rollan , and conor gathered around meilin , barely restraining their excitement , showering her with astonished praise . 
 the compliments made her glow inside . 
 only her trainers had ever seen her fighting skills , and they had never praised her like this - like it really mattered . 
 tarik placed his large hand on her shoulder . 
 `` meilin , you are full of surprises . 
 i 'll be slow to doubt you again , or essix for that matter . 
 we 're lucky to have you . '' 
 15 arax only a day after leaving the ravens behind , scrubber found the first oversized prints . 
 the land around them was completely wild and there was no longer any trail to follow . 
 the three prints were old , preserved when arax had stepped in a muddy patch that had long since dried . 
 as the others mounted up to move on , rollan remained crouched by the prints , tracing them with his finger , trying to imagine the size of arax . 
 since the prints were much larger than any the horses made , rollan knew the ram must be enormous . 
 what ram was the size of a horse ? 
 let alone larger ! 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 conor asked from astride his mount . 
 rollan looked up . 
 having sniffed the prints , briggan had run up front to travel with barlow . 
 but conor had lingered behind . 
 `` ever herd any sheep this size ? '' 
 rollan wondered , rising to cross to his horse . 
 conor laughed . 
 `` we had some beauties , but none made tracks like this . '' 
 rollan swung up into his saddle . 
 he glanced back at the prints . 
 `` are we sure we want to find this thing ? '' 
 conor shrugged . 
 `` if we want the talisman . '' 
 he kicked his horse into a trot . 
 rollan nudged his horse with his heels and matched conor 's pace , staying beside him . 
 `` the talisman is supposed to be a granite ram , right ? 
 at least according to tarik . '' 
 `` yes . 
 its powers should have something to do with a ram . '' 
 `` we should just sit back and let meilin handle it . '' 
 conor laughed . 
 `` she was sure something back there . '' 
 `` i grew up on the streets of a big city , '' rollan said . 
 `` i 've seen - and joined - lots of brawls . 
 between kids , between adults . 
 but i 've never seen anybody fight like her . 
 not even close . '' 
 `` did you see how quick she punched ? 
 she could hit me ten times before i hit her twice . '' 
 `` and she 'd block both your tries . 
 mine too . 
 what are we even doing here ? '' 
 `` i ask myself that all the time , '' conor muttered . 
 `` but we have our animals . '' 
 rollan glanced skyward . 
 essix was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` at least you do . 
 what 's your secret ? '' 
 `` i talk to him , i play with him , '' conor said . 
 `` you see what i do . 
 i 'm not giving him secret lessons while you sleep . '' 
 `` i talk to essix when she 's around , '' rollan said . 
 `` i feel like she tolerates me . 
 i wish we really understood each other . '' 
 `` i do n't know how much i understand briggan , '' conor said . 
 `` we 're closer than at first . 
 but he likes to do his own thing too . 
 run off out of sight . 
 sniff everything . '' 
 `` but he comes back . 
 and he pays attention to you . '' 
 `` essix comes when it matters , '' conor said . 
 `` i guess , '' rollan said . 
 `` i 've always been pretty good at reading people , you know ? 
 i had to be , living how i did . 
 plenty of seedy folks might have hurt me if i was n't careful . 
 but with essix helping , even more little details jump out at me . '' 
 `` that 's useful . '' 
 `` i wish i could get her into the dormant state . '' 
 `` i have the same problem with briggan . '' 
 rollan snorted . 
 `` the queen of perfection has been doing it since we met her . 
 i 'd ask how she managed it if she 'd ever talk with us . '' 
 `` we should n't be too hard on her . 
 she 's probably just shy . '' 
 rollan laughed . 
 `` that 's one possibility . 
 you do n't really think that 's all it is , though , do you ? 
 i know you 're nice , and you were raised in sheep pastures , but you ca n't be that oblivious . '' 
 conor reddened a little . 
 `` are you saying she thinks she 's better than us ? '' 
 `` i said no such thing ... but you just did . '' 
 `` maybe she is better than us . '' 
 rollan laughed again . 
 `` you might be right . 
 she sure fights better . 
 she has more control over her spirit animal , she 's rich , she 's prettier , and her dad is a general . '' 
 `` we 're all on the same team , '' conor said . 
 `` whatever her background , meilin joined the greencloaks just like me . '' 
 rollan 's face clouded . 
 `` i get it . 
 i 'm the black sheep . 
 you 're all greencloaks - i 'm not . 
 why are you always pressuring me ? '' 
 `` that pressure you feel is called a conscience , '' conor said , holding rollan in a steady gaze . 
 `` i would n't know about consciences . 
 my mother did n't teach me much before she abandoned me . '' 
 `` my father rented me as a servant to pay his debts , '' conor returned . 
 rollan could n't believe this was becoming a competition . 
 `` look , my terrible childhood is all i 've got ! 
 do n't you dare try to top it . '' 
 that won a reluctant smile from conor . 
 `` you never saw my father in a foul mood , '' he joked . 
 `` but yeah , i guess you win . '' 
 `` it 's nice to win at something , '' rollan said . 
 later that day , the wind picked up . 
 as clouds gathered , the sky darkened to the uneven color of an old bruise . 
 the afternoon grew colder , and conor showed rollan how to wrap his blanket over his cloak . 
 `` you need layers , '' conor warned as he situated his own blanket around his shoulders . 
 `` once you start to freeze , it 's tough to get warm again . '' 
 `` think it 'll get worse ? '' 
 rollan wondered . 
 `` i do n't like this sky , '' conor said . 
 `` i 've only seen it like this when harsh weather is coming . '' 
 `` you 've a good feel for it , '' barlow said , approaching on his horse . 
 `` if we were on flatter ground , i 'd worry about tornadoes . '' 
 `` tornadoes ! '' 
 rollan exclaimed . 
 he studied the ugly clouds . 
 of course there would be tornadoes . 
 otherwise fighting the giant ram would feel too easy . 
 `` would n't they be worse in the mountains ? 
 we 'd get blown off a cliff . '' 
 the terrain had grown more rugged throughout the day . 
 the ravines were deeper and steeper , the surrounding peaks loomed higher , and the evergreens grew in odd , twisted shapes at this altitude . 
 they passed broad expanses of bare rock and jumbled scree . 
 rollan did n't like when his horse had to walk near a drop-off , as they were now . 
 he was allergic to the whole falling thing . 
 `` there are n't as many whirlwinds in the mountains as you 'll find in open country , '' barlow said . 
 `` but that does n't mean things wo n't get nasty . 
 we could get a windstorm . 
 rain . 
 maybe a blizzard . '' 
 `` we could probably take shelter against that precipice up ahead , '' conor said , pointing . 
 `` it 's angled to provide some overhang , so the rain ca n't fall straight on us . 
 unless the wind changes , it should shield us quite a bit . 
 the little pines by the base will give us extra protection . 
 and there 's plenty of higher ground in the area to draw off lightning . '' 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 barlow exclaimed . 
 `` somebody has spent some time outdoors ! '' 
 conor dropped his head , but rollan could see he was pleased . 
 `` i used to herd sheep . '' 
 `` monte ! '' 
 barlow called . 
 `` conor thinks we should pause at the base of that precipice until we see how the weather is turning . '' 
 monte stopped his horse and scanned the area . 
 `` the boy has some sense . 
 i agree . '' 
 `` just you wait until we have to scrounge a meal in a bad neighborhood , '' rollan told conor . 
 `` then you 'll be glad i came along . '' 
 `` i 'm already glad , '' conor said . 
 a big gust almost blew his blanket off . 
 he gripped it tightly until the wind subsided . 
 `` you might want to call in essix . '' 
 rollan looked up . 
 the sky had gotten even murkier , and he could n't see his falcon anywhere . 
 `` essix ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` come in ! 
 there 's a storm brewing ! '' 
 the wind gusted again , and stinging pellets of grit hit his face . 
 as the wind died down , he heard the clack of pebbles falling around him , but there was nothing above but the open sky . 
 `` hail ! '' 
 barlow bellowed . 
 `` ride for the rock face ! '' 
 something clonked rollan on the head . 
 it hurt even through his hood . 
 he now saw that what he had taken for pebbles were balls of ice , growing bigger by the second . 
 conor broke into a gallop . 
 rollan dug his heels into his horse and snapped the reins . 
 as his mount started running , the hail began to pelt down in earnest . 
 hailstones battered the surrounding rocks , ricocheting wildly . 
 a stone hit him on the hand , shocking him with the force of it . 
 rollan ducked his head to protect his face . 
 the wind gusted again , full of projectiles . 
 tarik and meilin had already reached the modest shelter . 
 monte would get there next . 
 then conor . 
 barlow was bringing up the rear . 
 a hailstone struck rollan square in the forehead . 
 before he knew what had happened , he had tipped sideways in his saddle and was leaning crazily over the horse 's flank . 
 one foot remained in its stirrup , but rollan 's whole weight was off-balance and the ground rushed under him , alarmingly close . 
 tilting forward , he embraced his horse . 
 to fall on the rocks at this speed would mean serious injuries . 
 his horse slowed to a trot , and a strong hand grabbed rollan by the shoulder and righted him in his saddle . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 barlow checked , yelling over the wind and the clattering hail . 
 considering the circumstances , rollan figured being alive was the same thing as being okay . 
 `` let 's keep going ! '' 
 rollan replied , leaning into the neck of his horse . 
 the hail was really coming down . 
 the smallest pieces were now as large as rollan 's thumb . 
 some were almost the size of his fist . 
 he could feel the agitated breathing of the horse beneath him as they raced toward the shelter . 
 rollan and barlow reached the safety of the precipice and swung off their horses . 
 only when rollan tasted blood in his mouth did he realize that it was spilling down his face from a gash near his hairline . 
 tarik had rollan sit with his back to the precipice , and the veteran greencloak produced a clean handkerchief . 
 hail continued to smash down noisily , but it could n't hit them directly . 
 some fragments skipped their way after impact . 
 conor helped barlow and monte position the horses so they would provide an extra barrier against the wind . 
 meilin came and crouched beside rollan , jhi beside her . 
 the panda leaned over and licked rollan 's forehead . 
 `` would you look at that , '' tarik remarked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 something already felt different . 
 `` your wound is closing up , '' tarik said . 
 he looked up at meilin . 
 `` did you know what jhi was doing ? '' 
 `` i released her and asked her to help him , '' meilin said . 
 `` jhi is supposed to be a gifted healer . '' 
 `` it was n't a horrible wound , '' tarik explained , `` but it might have bled a lot . 
 thanks to the panda , it 's clotting already . 
 you 're lucky . '' 
 `` is that what you call it when an iceberg lands on your head ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` it 's what i call it when most of the harm is undone , '' tarik replied . 
 rollan glanced guiltily at meilin and jhi . 
 `` thanks . 
 that was kind . 
 i think i can take it from here . '' 
 he still felt a little woozy , and was n't sure how much panda spit he wanted on his face . 
 `` happy to help , '' meilin said . 
 while barlow and monte tried to light a fire , tarik made sure everyone was as bundled as possible . 
 the wind was howling now , but their shelter kept them from the worst of it . 
 the hail shrank to marble-sized pellets , accumulating in drifts . 
 `` i 've never seen a hailstorm like this , '' monte commented after he gave up on the fire and the group huddled together for warmth . 
 `` it ca n't be coincidence . '' 
 `` you believe arax sent it to drive us away ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` if so , it 'll take more than a little ice , '' tarik said . 
 `` tell that to my skull , '' rollan grumbled . 
 `` no luck with the fire ? '' 
 monte shook his head . 
 `` too much wind , '' barlow said . 
 `` and no good kindling . '' 
 between the legs of the horses , rollan could see the hail blowing almost sideways now . 
 with growing desperation , he scanned the skies for essix , but could n't find any trace of her . 
 `` do you guys think essix will be all right ? '' 
 he asked , almost scared to voice the question . 
 `` she probably found shelter before we did , '' barlow said . 
 `` her instincts should keep her safe through worse than this . '' 
 `` the ice just keeps coming , '' monte noted . 
 `` we 'll wait it out , '' tarik said . 
 `` no storm lasts forever . '' 
 rollan nodded vaguely , unsure what they should fear more - the storm , or the ram that had sent it . 
 the hail finally relented around nightfall . 
 once the wind died down , barlow and monte got a fire going . 
 during the night the chill broke , and by daybreak all traces of ice had melted away . 
 not long after sunrise , essix swooped in looking as sleek and glossy as ever . 
 rollan welcomed the bird warmly , feeding her from his saddlebags . 
 despite assurances from barlow , rollan had imagined essix wet and suffering , delicate bones pummeled by hailstones . 
 the falcon acted as though nothing unusual had happened , flying away once she had eaten . 
 rollan accepted her nonchalance with relief . 
 after two more days of slow trekking , they found giant ram tracks again . 
 this time briggan located them before scrubber . 
 `` not fresh , but not old , '' monte said after examining some of the sizable prints . 
 `` less than three days . 
 maybe less than two . '' 
 `` that 's really close , '' rollan said . 
 he motioned toward some bushes . 
 `` just to be safe , one of us should stay here and hide . '' 
 monte chuckled . 
 `` maybe two of us . '' 
 rollan worried more than ever as they followed the tracks onward . 
 part of him had suspected they would never find arax . 
 it just seemed so far-fetched to actually encounter a great beast . 
 but the fresh tracks made the possibility all too real . 
 they followed a mountain ridge into even more jagged country . 
 the metallic smell of granite dominated the cool , thin air , although they could still detect a hint of pine . 
 vegetation became increasingly sparse - small , warped evergreens clinging to life in meager patches of soil . 
 at times , their path led along narrow ledges barely wide enough for the horses . 
 as they traversed a section with a dizzying cliff to the left and a sheer rock face to the right , rollan tried not to think about what would happen if his horse stumbled . 
 it became harder to find prints on the stonier ground , but briggan never seemed to lose confidence . 
 in the afternoon , they reached a precarious stretch where the horses could not pass . 
 everyone collected their essential gear and weapons as barlow and monte hobbled the mounts . 
 they proceeded on foot , edging sideways along a narrow lip of rock , backs to the wall . 
 a huge drop yawned just beyond their toes . 
 rollan envied essix , gliding on the breeze while everyone else risked a tremendous fall . 
 but nobody lost their balance , and briggan practically ran across . 
 on the far side of the ledge , they caught sight of arax for the first time . 
 four peaks were in view , connected by lofty saddles and laced with snow in high , shadowy pockets . 
 the ram stood in the distance , atop a knob of stone , backlit by the sun . 
 even from afar , they could see he was enormous , the massive head crowned by the curling bulk of his horns . 
 for a moment , everyone stood frozen , and then arax leaped down out of sight . 
 `` that was a bit closer than last time , '' barlow said , stroking his lips with a nervous hand . 
 `` i wish we had more daylight left , '' tarik said grimly . 
 `` he saw us , '' barlow said . 
 `` if we wait to pursue , he could be long gone by morning . '' 
 `` then i vote we wait , '' monte said dryly . 
 tarik , briggan , and conor led the way forward . 
 they stepped carefully down and across an incline composed of jumbled stone , like a huge rockslide that had ground to a halt . 
 down where the rock-strewn slope ended with a drop-off , they came around an immense stone slab and got a clear view of the widest , longest ledge yet . 
 one side of the ledge bordered the slab - the other fell away to the valley floor . 
 awaiting them on the ledge was arax . 
 the ram stood nearly twice as tall as their largest horse . 
 his coat was dark silver , his thick horns golden . 
 his form was sturdy and strong , with heavy bunches of muscle at the top of the legs and throughout the neck . 
 rollan gaped up in amazement . 
 the ram 's sheer size made him feel as though he had shrunk . 
 this animal was older than nations , and somehow that long history seemed woven into its majestic presence . 
 this was not a creature you stole things from - it was a creature you revered . 
 rollan glanced at his companions , who stood awestruck . 
 arax 's ears twitched . 
 he gave a snort , and his forelegs stamped restively . 
 rollan was n't sure what the ram expected . 
 were they supposed to speak ? 
 should they run ? 
 bow down ? 
 arax 's eyes were unsettling , yellow as raw egg yolks , with horizontally slit pupils . 
 `` you seek me openly , '' arax declared in a resonant voice . 
 rollan was n't sure whether he heard it with his ears , or just his mind . 
 it seemed impossible that this gigantic beast could speak . 
 `` i have encountered two of you humans before . 
 i let you depart in peace . 
 why have you returned ? '' 
 `` we were guided here by a vision from briggan , '' barlow said . 
 arax cocked his head . 
 `` briggan ? '' 
 the ram 's nostrils flared . 
 `` yes , i see . 
 i sensed uncanny presences . 
 i recognize them now . 
 they are different than when we last met . 
 briggan and essix . 
 their time has come again . '' 
 rollan checked the sky . 
 essix wheeled nearby , drifting on a breeze . 
 with a flash , meilin produced jhi . 
 the panda sat and stared at arax . 
 `` jhi as well , '' arax said , tossing his head . 
 `` uraza ? '' 
 `` uraza is not with us , '' tarik announced . 
 `` but she has also come again . '' 
 `` i welcome their return , '' arax said . 
 `` they are far from all they once were , barely saplings , but grandeur oft proceeds from lowly origins . '' 
 `` the four fallen have not returned alone , '' tarik said . 
 `` the devourer is back . '' 
 `` ah , '' arax said . 
 `` you seek counsel . 
 old forces have grown active . 
 you can cage a great beast , but not forever . 
 gerathon and kovo are stirring . '' 
 tarik started . 
 `` is the ape loose ? 
 has the serpent escaped ? '' 
 `` if not , it will not be long . 
 i am not as sensitive to such matters as some . 
 tellun is greatest . '' 
 briggan barked . 
 arax dipped his horns . 
 `` and briggan , in his time . 
 some of the others . '' 
 `` the devourer will come after your talisman , '' tarik said . 
 `` with respect , we have come to ask if you would lend it to us . 
 we will need help in the upcoming war . '' 
 arax snorted and stamped , the impact of his great hoof against the rock ringing out like a blow from a sledgehammer . 
 `` my talisman ? 
 utter no such folly in my presence . '' 
 landing on rollan 's shoulder , essix screeched . 
 her talons bit into him , digging through his cloak . 
 rollan swallowed and gathered his voice . 
 `` i do n't think she agrees , '' he ventured . 
 the yolk-colored gaze turned to him . 
 `` i understand her much better than you do , '' arax rumbled . 
 `` the fallen held that united resistance was the solution . 
 and they fell . '' 
 briggan growled . 
 essix gave a long cry and stretched her wings . 
 even jhi rose up , staring at arax with uncharacteristic intensity . 
 `` it 's also how the devourer was stopped , '' tarik said . 
 `` it 's how kovo and gerathon were caged . '' 
 `` should they have been caged ? '' 
 arax challenged . 
 `` their hate has fermented . 
 they ca n't be destroyed , not permanently , not while our order remains . 
 bad things happen when our kind come together in anger . 
 better for us to remain apart in our own realms . 
 none claimed my talisman in the previous war , and none will claim it now . '' 
 the ram once again raised his hoof and struck the rock . 
 `` i have spoken . '' 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 rollan asked in disbelief . 
 `` please reconsider , '' tarik said . 
 `` we must have the talisman . 
 our foes wo n't relent , so neither can we . '' 
 arax jerked his head high . 
 his nostrils flared twice and his ears shifted . 
 `` traitors ! '' 
 he bellowed , eyes suddenly crazed . 
 `` many strangers approach ! 
 you have lied , for uraza is with them ! 
 you will pay dearly ! '' 
 the ram reared up high on his hind legs and heaved forward , charging tarik . 
 16 arrivals as arax lunged , tarik dove aside , narrowly avoiding the charge . 
 the ram 's huge horns struck the stone slab with the force of an earthquake . 
 chunks of rock exploded out , and a web of cracks spread across the hard surface . 
 the ledge vibrated beneath meilin 's feet . 
 tarik pulled his sword out , and his otter appeared with a flash . 
 arax sprang again , but this time tarik flipped gracefully out of the way . 
 meilin surveyed the battleground . 
 the ledge was very wide where they currently stood , and ran more or less level before it tapered to nothing in front of them . 
 beyond the lip of the ledge , a sheer drop awaited . 
 with a burst of light , barlow released jools . 
 the grizzly bear slammed into arax 's rear leg , sliding the ram sideways and forcing him to quickstep to avoid stumbling . 
 arax kicked out sharply and caught the bear with a glancing blow from his huge hooves that sent jools tumbling along the ledge . 
 meilin raced back to check out the newcomers arax had been so angry about . 
 hopefully uraza was bringing reinforcements - a second detachment of greencloaks would come in handy against the giant ram . 
 meilin curved around the massive slab and peered up the rocky slope . 
 ten - no , eleven - people were coming in her direction , from only a short distance away . 
 none wore green cloaks , though several had spirit animals . 
 a niloan girl ran alongside a leopard , springing lightly among the rocks . 
 the magnificent leopard moved with that peculiar combination of grace and power unique to big cats . 
 the girl was lithe , tall for her age , and advanced confidently . 
 there was a subtle synchronization to their movements , almost as if they were influenced by the same secret music . 
 it had to be uraza and her partner . 
 meilin also saw a baboon , a wolverine , a cougar , a jackal , and an amayan condor with widespread wings . 
 she had seen all of these creatures in zhongese menageries , but watching them charge down the slope toward her was a different experience than viewing them in a pen or a cage . 
 `` they are n't greencloaks ! '' 
 meilin called . 
 `` this was n't an ambush ! '' 
 tarik yelled to arax . 
 `` these newcomers have been sent by our enemies ! '' 
 the ram charged him again , and tarik dodged to one side . 
 there was an opening where he could have used his sword , but he did n't take a swing . 
 `` you 're all here for the same purpose ! '' 
 arax raged . 
 `` you want to steal my granite ram ! '' 
 rollan , conor , and monte dashed over to meilin while barlow and tarik confronted arax . 
 `` it 's zerif ! '' 
 rollan cried . 
 the man with the sculpted beard raised his head and saluted . 
 a jackal ran near him . 
 `` we meet again ! '' 
 zerif called , moving closer . 
 `` i like the color of your cloak , rollan . '' 
 `` are you here to fight us ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` not if you join us , '' zerif replied with a confident laugh . 
 `` sylva , find the talisman . '' 
 a vampire bat flashed out from the wrist of one of the women . 
 she clutched it in both hands , eyes closed . 
 a moment later her eyes opened - were they darker ? 
 `` done , '' she said . 
 `` go get it , '' zerif said . 
 `` the rest of us will mop up the mess . '' 
 the woman headed off while the rest of the group scrambled closer . 
 `` abeke ! '' 
 meilin called to the dark-skinned girl . 
 `` we 've been searching for you . 
 why are you helping them ? '' 
 `` she wants uraza on the right side of the fight this time , '' said the boy rushing alongside the wolverine . 
 `` it 's time for the greencloaks to stop controlling the world . '' 
 hackles raised , briggan growled . 
 uraza snarled right back at him . 
 the savage tension between the two beasts made meilin ready her quarterstaff . 
 `` back up , '' monte advised , retreating behind the sheltering slab . 
 `` they 're coming down at us . 
 keep out of sight for as long as possible . 
 make them fight on level ground . '' 
 he was right . 
 meilin backed up with the others , her stomach fluttering nervously . 
 she had never engaged in actual combat before ! 
 even the fight with the raven warrior had been a contest with set rules . 
 how would she fare with her life on the line ? 
 how dirty might these opponents fight ? 
 meilin noticed jhi scraping at a weed that protruded from a crack . 
 `` jhi ! 
 are you going to help me like how lumeo helps tarik ? 
 we 're in trouble . 
 i could use whatever power you can lend me . '' 
 the panda gave her a neutral stare , then picked at the weed again . 
 meilin looked away in disgust . 
 conor repeatedly shifted his weight from one foot to the other , ax clutched tightly , his knuckles white . 
 briggan paced beside him , his fur upright . 
 `` you 'll do fine , '' meilin told conor . 
 he glanced over with a queasy smile . 
 `` i 've chopped a lot of wood . 
 if they hold really still , i 'll do great . '' 
 meilin gave a surprised laugh . 
 it took courage to joke at a time like this . 
 rollan stared at the sky . 
 essix circled high above . 
 `` are you going to help ? '' 
 he called , obviously frustrated . 
 glancing over her shoulder , meilin saw barlow on the ground below arax , trying to avoid the stomp of his massive hooves . 
 tarik and jools closed in to assist . 
 when she turned back , an amayan man sped around the edge of the slab astride a buffalo . 
 she and the others dove out of the way as more enemies dashed into view . 
 meilin was only partially aware of the surrounding tumult . 
 briggan snapping at the underside of the buffalo . 
 conor holding a mountain goat back with wide sweeps of his ax . 
 rollan retreating while brandishing his dagger . 
 monte hurling a stone with a sling . 
 her primary attention was reserved for the woman approaching boldly beside a cougar . 
 meilin crouched into her fighting stance . 
 jhi raised up on her hind legs beside her . 
 clutching a spear , the woman sprang toward meilin , leaping farther than seemed possible , lips peeled back in a hateful grimace . 
 meilin used her quarterstaff to bat away the spearhead , then spun and cracked the woman on the side of her skull . 
 she crashed to the ground in a boneless sprawl . 
 meilin prepared to face the vengeance of the mountain lion . 
 coiled to pounce , the cougar stared at her panda . 
 the big cat maintained the same pose for several seconds . 
 on her hind legs , jhi walked toward the mesmerized mountain lion and placed her paws at either side of its head . 
 the cougar 's eyes drooped , and it curled on the ground , soundly asleep . 
 `` better than nothing , '' meilin murmured , scanning the area . 
 barlow was helping tarik lead the ram back along the ledge toward the new enemies . 
 meilin approved of the strategy - let the newcomers help tangle with the biggest threat . 
 briggan had rejoined conor . 
 an amayan man lay on the ground near them , and his mountain goat was retreating from teeth and ax . 
 monte wrestled with a zhongese woman whose agile mongoose tussled with scrubber . 
 he looked overmatched . 
 meilin 's father had warned that there was little room for sportsmanship on the battlefield . 
 when survival was in question , you fought hard and you seized every advantage , because your enemy was sure to do the same . 
 so meilin ran to monte , bashed the woman on the back of her head , and then clubbed the mongoose . 
 the buffalo charged arax . 
 barlow and tarik sprang clear . 
 though big and strong , the buffalo looked pathetic compared to the hulking ram . 
 an amayan man ran behind , shouting for his buffalo to stop . 
 ram and buffalo came together head to head with a sickening crunch . 
 the buffalo flopped backward , disgustingly crumpled , and the man screamed . 
 essix screeched overhead . 
 looking up , meilin saw abeke and uraza perched atop the stone slab . 
 harassed by essix , abeke tried to aim her bow down at the skirmish . 
 the falcon dove in to disrupt her shot , talons clawing at the girl 's hands . 
 uraza snarled , batting at the bird with lethal paws . 
 essix shrieked again . 
 `` no , abeke ! '' 
 meilin called . 
 `` you 're fighting for the wrong side ! '' 
 abeke tried to shoot essix but narrowly missed . 
 meilin looked for jhi , and found the panda carefully climbing the least steep edge of the slab where abeke perched , down at the far side . 
 tarik was locked in sword-to-sword combat with zerif . 
 tarik moved like an acrobat , twisting and leaping with vicious grace , but zerif seemed up to the challenge , deflecting every blow and attacking with astounding speed . 
 `` meilin , look out ! '' 
 monte warned . 
 meilin pivoted just in time to dodge a sword thrust from the boy with the wolverine . 
 his saber had a gleaming blade and a gilded hilt . 
 meilin tried to undercut his legs with her quarterstaff but he jumped the attempt and once again very nearly stabbed her . 
 as she tried to attack with her quarterstaff he chopped it in half , and when she tried to fight with one half in each hand , he quickly shortened both halves with precise strokes . 
 he was skilled and quick , and meilin doubted whether she could stand against him even if she had a sword . 
 backing away , meilin pulled out her club . 
 it was thicker and shorter than the quarterstaff , and banded with iron . 
 rollan came flying out of nowhere with his dagger , but the skillful boy parried the attack and kicked him away . 
 the wolverine got hold of rollan 's arm and shook it viciously . 
 `` you have talent , '' the boy said to meilin . 
 `` it 's a shame you fight against us . '' 
 `` your people are invading my homeland , '' meilin growled . 
 `` it 's a compliment , '' the boy said . 
 `` we admire zhong . 
 we dream of a better zhong , free from the oppression of the greencloaks . '' 
 meilin attacked with her club . 
 he dodged one lightning-fast blow , blocked another , then took the offensive . 
 meilin backed away , barely holding her own in the onslaught . 
 when he came with an overhanded stroke , she was so busy deflecting it that she never saw the kick that swept her feet out from under her . 
 standing over meilin , saber poised to strike , the boy grinned . 
 `` let me suggest that you yield . '' 
 17 granite ram from her position on the stone wall , abeke had a clear view of the battle . 
 down below , zerif dueled a tall greencloak who moved in ways she had never imagined - twirling and flipping without ever mishandling his sword . 
 shane fought a zhongese girl who was putting up surprising resistance considering how young and small she looked . 
 abeke wanted to help him with her bow , but the pesky falcon kept diving at her , sharp talons threatening her bowstring . 
 abeke had already wasted two arrows trying to hit the bird at close range . 
 uraza gave a low growl . 
 abeke thought she understood what the leopard wanted . 
 crouching low , abeke held her bow near uraza , nocked an arrow , and aimed downward again . 
 when the falcon flew near , abeke leaned away and uraza jumped straight up , catching a wing in her jaws . 
 the falcon struggled for a moment , but after a threatening rumble from uraza , the bird went limp . 
 abeke set the arrow to the string again and bent her bow . 
 it would probably help most if she put an arrow through the greencloak fighting zerif . 
 or she could drop the big guy with the bear . 
 of course , for now he was distracting arax , so she should probably leave him alone . 
 the ram had already crushed the buffalo and trampled neil along with his baboon . 
 as she searched for a target , the bow trembled in her hand . 
 did she want to shoot a greencloak ? 
 she had come here committed to help zerif and shane get the talisman . 
 but none of this felt right . 
 the zhongese girl had a panda . 
 the boy with the ax had a wolf . 
 and the gyrfalcon that had challenged her - was it essix ? 
 she was up against the other members of the four fallen . 
 so who was on the wrong side ? 
 shane and zerif wanted her to stand with them . 
 well , truthfully , they wanted uraza . 
 abeke frowned . 
 nobody had shown much interest in her until the leopard showed up . 
 paralyzed with indecision , abeke was losing her chance to take action . 
 the panda approached her unhurriedly from along the top of the high slab , its striking silver eyes set in the black , furry mask . 
 it had to be jhi , from the stories . 
 tales told by the fire were coming to life all around her - greencloaks , arax the ram , the four fallen . 
 when this new story was told , would she be a hero or a villain ? 
 with the falcon still gripped in her mouth , uraza watched the panda approach . 
 jhi looked ridiculous atop the wall , too round and ungainly to cross the thin ridge . 
 abeke turned her bow toward it . 
 uraza looked back at abeke and growled low in her throat without releasing the falcon . 
 abeke immediately lowered her weapon . 
 uraza had never scolded her that blatantly before . 
 the panda drew near and sniffed uraza . 
 the leopard released the falcon , which leaped from the slab and took flight . 
 uraza must have held the bird very gently , because its wing was undamaged . 
 those powerful jaws could have torn the wing clean off had uraza desired . 
 uraza touched noses with jhi , then looked up at abeke and made a purring sound . 
 `` you recognize jhi ? '' 
 abeke asked . 
 uraza stared intensely at her with those bright violet eyes . 
 for once , abeke felt deeply unsure about what the leopard wanted . 
 abeke squeezed her bow . 
 if she did n't want to actually hurt any of the greencloaks , perhaps her safest bet was to run for the talisman . 
 it was why they had come . 
 if she could get it away from here , that might end this bloodshed . 
 down below , shane stood over the zhongese girl , his blade poised to strike . 
 she was on the ground , defenseless . 
 then a boy with shane 's wolverine dangling from his arm tackled shane from behind . 
 abeke gasped . 
 blindsided by the attack , shane went down hard and lost hold of his blade . 
 one of his legs was twisted at an unnatural angle . 
 the girl picked up the sword and held it threateningly . 
 looking woozy , shane called off the wolverine . 
 `` we wo n't fight jhi , '' abeke told uraza . 
 `` but please do n't let them hurt shane . '' 
 uraza turned and sprang from the wall with a mighty roar . 
 it was a fairly long drop , much farther than abeke would willingly attempt . 
 uraza pinned the zhongese girl down with one paw , and the amayan boy with the other . 
 the girl looked momentarily terrified , but when uraza fended off a fresh attack from shane 's wolverine with a loud snarl , she glanced up at abeke . 
 holding her eyes , abeke nodded gravely . 
 the girl 's expression transformed to one of bewilderment . 
 abeke scanned the sky for essix , and caught sight of the falcon hovering above the main ledge at the point where it tapered down to nothing against the cliff face . 
 below the falcon , sylva stood near the edge , watching as her bat fluttered around a small rock shelf well beyond the ledge . 
 she appeared to be stalled . 
 the talisman was probably out of reach , over by the bat . 
 nobody down below seemed to notice sylva . 
 bow in hand , abeke dashed along the top of the wall . 
 if she joined sylva , perhaps they could reach the talisman quickly and escape . 
 abeke climbed down the least sheer face of the slab she could find , scraping her arms and legs in her haste , and falling the last third of the way . 
 she landed well on the main ledge , and found her leopard waiting . 
 `` we have to get that talisman , '' abeke said , running along the ledge at top speed . 
 up ahead , the falcon snatched the bat out of the air . 
 sylva screamed , extending her arms toward her spirit animal . 
 after brutally shaking the bat , the falcon let go and it fell limply , down , down , until it was out of sight . 
 sylva dropped to her knees and peered over the brink , wailing and calling out for it . 
 abeke kept sprinting . 
 essix flew to the small shelf beyond the ledge where the bat had fluttered . 
 abeke could now see that on the little shelf was a rough stone box formed by stacking hefty blocks . 
 the falcon pecked and clawed at it , but could n't open it . 
 `` keep away from there ! '' 
 arax bellowed , his great voice filling the mountainside with its echoes . 
 `` begone , thieves and deceivers ! '' 
 with a sound like a mighty river , a terrible wind blasted along the ledge . 
 it hit abeke from behind , pushing her forward . 
 essix was hurled from the shelf and spiraled out of control , striking the wall of the cliff again and again before finding refuge in a sheltered nook . 
 abeke remembered zerif warning that arax could influence the wind . 
 but a rain dancer normally had to labor for days to influence the weather - abeke had not expected instant gales conjured out of nothing . 
 the violent currents of the wind shifted unpredictably , forcing abeke to adjust to keep from falling . 
 uraza ran beside her , fur flattened by the gusts . 
 finally abeke reached sylva . 
 `` how 's the bat ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` boku landed on a skinny perch way down there , '' sylva replied , looking over the side with panicked grief . 
 `` he 's hurt . '' 
 abeke considered the shelf with the stone box . 
 it was higher than their present position , and well beyond where the big ledge ended . 
 she noticed some minor ledges and outcroppings in between . 
 she looked at uraza . 
 `` think i can make it ? '' 
 uraza nudged her encouragingly . 
 abeke 's senses grew sharper . 
 she was drawing in uraza 's perception , experiencing her power . 
 as she saw the mountainside in greater relief , more handholds and footholds became evident . 
 confidence welled up inside . 
 she laid down her bow and settled into a crouch . 
 the wind was blowing at her back . 
 the nearest ledge was well beyond the range a normal person could reach with a jump . 
 but with uraza 's support , abeke was no normal person . 
 she ran and jumped , the wind boosting her leap , and skipped off the targeted ledge to a smaller one . 
 she only touched the next ledge once , then stretched forward and clung to a knobby outcropping with both arms , earning stinging scrapes from her wrists to her elbows . 
 the wind howled and swirled around her . 
 abeke hoisted herself atop the outcropping and sprang again . 
 this time the wind slowed her , and even with the extra power in her leap , she barely caught her next handhold . 
 abeke steeled herself not to look below . 
 she knew there was nothing but a sheer drop beneath her . 
 with the deafening wind pushing against her , abeke pulled herself up . 
 she edged along the thin ledge as far as she could before a final jump brought her to the shelf with the box . 
 `` no ! '' 
 arax boomed . 
 `` no , no , no , no , no ! '' 
 the wind redoubled in force , and the entire mountainside shuddered . 
 staying low and leaning into the gale , abeke fought her way to the box . 
 pushing with all of her might , groaning as she adjusted for maximum leverage , abeke toppled the weighty lid . 
 inside she found a granite carving of a ram , attached to a thin iron chain . 
 the wind abated but the mountainside quaked harder . 
 some of the nearby ledges and outcrops crumbled away , plummeting down the sheer face into the deep valley below . 
 praying that the talisman would somehow aid her , abeke slipped the chain over her head . 
 abeke wobbled . 
 the shelf was splitting and cracking underfoot . 
 the whole cliff shook harder than ever . 
 wearing the granite ram made her feel no different , and many of the ledges she had used to get here were gone . 
 but with rocks hailing down from above , and with the rock beneath her tearing away from the cliff , she had no choice but to jump . 
 she did n't feel the power of the talisman until she sprang , but then it was as though the strength uraza gave her had been increased fourfold . 
 the leap propelled her farther than she could have hoped . 
 as the shelf tumbled away behind her , she soared an exhilarating distance through the air . 
 but the jump still was n't long enough to return to the main ledge , and the other footholds had crumbled . 
 as she began to curve downward , abeke spotted an indentation in the face of the cliff just large enough that she might find some purchase . 
 kicking off of the indentation , she gained some height , and with a final push off a meager stone lip , abeke landed back on the big ledge beside uraza . 
 `` incredible , '' sylva marveled . 
 as the wind slackened , the falcon took flight again . 
 sylva began the dangerous climb down to her bat . 
 abeke picked up her bow and turned her attention to arax . 
 the battle with the ram was moving in her direction . 
 several people and animals were no longer standing , and arax fought those that remained with renewed vigor . 
 as abeke watched , arax bashed the grizzly bear with his huge horns and sent it sailing off the ledge . 
 the ram barely stopped himself at the brink as the bear plunged out of view . 
 then arax whirled to face her , murderous yellow eyes settling on the talisman around abeke 's neck . 
 with a bellow that shook the mountain , the great beast charged straight toward her . 
 moving fluidly , abeke sprang to one side , then to the other , but arax tracked her evasions perfectly . 
 abeke found her back to the void as the ram closed in , horns lowered to strike . 
 roaring with inhuman volume , the bearded man ran forward , wrapped his brawny arms around one of arax 's hind legs , and grabbed hold of it . 
 skidding to a stop , arax tried to buck and turn , but the man kept the giant hoof off the ground , his own legs churning forward . 
 teeth flashing , briggan attacked another leg . 
 shrieking , essix dove at arax 's eyes , talons raking viciously . 
 the huge ram hopped and teetered . 
 with a scream and a huge heave , the bearded man pivoted his body and launched arax over the side . 
 the big man fell to his knees as the ram plunged out of sight , following the bear to the valley floor . 
 abeke was dumbfounded . 
 not only had this stranger managed to defeat a great beast , he 'd just saved her life . 
 he looked her way , panting . 
 `` you ... you okay , girl ? '' 
 he asked , holding out a hand to her . 
 before abeke could respond , zerif lunged forward and stabbed the big man through the back . 
 abeke screamed , putting a hand to her mouth . 
 the big man pawed weakly at the blade protruding from his chest . 
 the greencloak with the otter arrived at his side a second later , slashing at zerif with his sword , but zerif dodged away , leaving his own sword where it was . 
 abeke could hardly believe her eyes . 
 this man , her enemy , had saved her life , only to be rewarded by treachery . 
 a stab in the back . 
 the lowest blow one could deliver . 
 as abeke drew nearer to her rescuer , zerif ran to shane , picking him up . 
 the tall greencloak got tangled up with an amayan fighter . 
 the woman 's viper struck at him from behind , but the greencloak 's otter bit it just below the head . 
 though the snake thrashed , the otter refused to let go . 
 a moment later , the tall man clubbed his opponent with the hilt of his sword , knocking her unconscious . 
 zerif and the others fled up the rock-strewn slope . 
 he carried shane over his shoulder , with shane 's saber in his hand . 
 zerif looked back at abeke , his eyes frantic . 
 `` hurry ! 
 this way ! '' 
 abeke shook her head with a strangely calm certainty . 
 `` we 're over ! 
 i 'm not on your side , zerif ! '' 
 at first zerif looked stunned . 
 then his eyes became cold and furious . 
 his jackal was with him , uninjured , but shane 's wolverine was limping . 
 some other survivors had joined them , but they were battered and beaten . 
 all but one lacked their animals . 
 zerif was out of allies . 
 abeke set an arrow to the string of her bow . 
 `` go , or arrows start flying . '' 
 after one last withering glare , zerif turned and started up the mountainside at inhuman speed . 
 the tall greencloak turned to abeke . 
 `` you have the talisman ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she took her arrow from the string and fingered the granite ram . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you 're with us now ? '' 
 `` if you want me . '' 
 the greencloak gave a curt nod . 
 `` we want you . 
 and we need you . 
 i 'm tarik . '' 
 tarik moved to the side of the fallen bearded man . 
 the zhongese girl knelt next to him , as did a smaller , balding man with a raccoon . 
 jhi sniffed the wound where the sword protruded . 
 `` heal him ! '' 
 the girl insisted to her panda . 
 `` that 's what you do , right ? 
 or help me heal him . 
 what should i do ? '' 
 `` not all wounds can be healed , '' the bearded man gasped . 
 `` that ram got jools , but not before my bear gave me one last burst of strength . 
 i 've never lifted half so much weight . '' 
 jhi licked the girl , who wept openly . 
 `` save him , '' she repeated in soft sobs . 
 the bearded man held the hand of the balding one . 
 `` you were the best company a man could ask for , monte , '' he said , his voice falling to little more than a whisper . 
 `` a real friend . '' 
 he took a jagged breath . 
 `` do n't forget to tell folks i threw a great beast off a cliff . '' 
 `` there will be stories and songs , '' monte promised . 
 `` sorry to leave you early . '' 
 `` i 'll be along by and by , '' the balding man said , tears falling down his cheeks . 
 the bearded man looked up at tarik . 
 as he wheezed , blood dribbled from his lips into his beard . 
 `` if it can be managed , dispose of me in a green cloak . '' 
 `` nothing would be more fitting , '' tarik said . 
 the bearded man tilted his head back and closed his eyes . 
 monte leaned close , whispering to him . 
 the bearded man 's chest kept hitching in gurgling spasms , then stopped . 
 `` i ca n't believe he killed a great beast , '' the boy with the wolf said numbly . 
 `` arax is not dead , '' tarik said . 
 `` it would take more than a fall , even such a high one . 
 the great beasts have too much life in them . 
 still , if we hurry , we might get away . '' 
 though his tone was practical , abeke thought the man looked very tired . 
 and very sad . 
 monte raised his head . 
 `` barlow 's gone . 
 i 'd rather not leave him here . '' 
 `` the trick will be getting him to the horses , '' tarik said . 
 `` we 'll manage it . '' 
 uraza snarled in agreement . 
 `` what if they try to ambush us ? '' 
 the boy with the wolf asked . 
 tarik 's expression darkened , and he stroked the hilt of his sword . 
 `` i honestly hope they do . '' 
 18 the fallen conor leaned against the highest parapet on sunset tower , looking west , a light breeze ruffling his hair . 
 the tower provided a lofty vantage point , but the mountains where they had confronted arax were too far away to see . 
 briggan sat beside him , nuzzling his hand . 
 they had made it back to sunset tower yesterday afternoon . 
 the group had traveled quickly , chased by the constant worry that arax might catch up with them or that zerif might stage an ambush . 
 but nobody had troubled them . 
 barlow now rested below the surface of a lovely meadow , wrapped in tarik 's cloak . 
 monte had traveled with them back to sunset tower , determined to renew his vows . 
 he had n't spoken nearly as much on the way back as he had on the way out . 
 conor tried not to dwell on certain thoughts . 
 he tried not to picture barlow or jools . 
 he tried not to imagine how he would feel if something happened to briggan . 
 he tried not to guess at all the danger awaiting them , and the other friends he might lose along the way . 
 conor stroked the thick fur on the back of briggan 's neck . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're back here . 
 it has n't been that long , really , but it feels like a lifetime . '' 
 the wolf licked his palm . 
 briggan had only started licking him like that since the battle on the cliff . 
 conor knelt down and stroked his wolf with both hands . 
 `` be patient with me , '' conor said . 
 `` i 'll practice with that ax . 
 i stayed alive , and i distracted some of our enemies , but i can do better . 
 next time you wo n't have to come rescue me so much . '' 
 briggan nuzzled conor 's forearm . 
 `` that tickles . '' 
 the wolf nudged him with his nose . 
 `` what are you doing , boy ? '' 
 briggan stared at him intently . 
 `` oh , '' conor realized . 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 he had seen the others hold out their arms , so he tried that . 
 with a flash , briggan became a tattoo on the back of his forearm . 
 the image burned for a moment , as if his arm had brushed against something scalding . 
 but the searing pain faded quickly . 
 `` i saw that , '' said a voice from behind him . 
 conor turned to find rollan coming through the door to the top of the tower , his bandaged arm hanging in a sling . 
 meilin and abeke were with him , wearing their green cloaks . 
 `` how long have you been doing that ? '' 
 rollan asked . 
 `` were you hiding it to spare my feelings ? 
 i do n't need pity . '' 
 `` first time , '' conor said , showing him the mark . 
 `` really . '' 
 `` good job , '' meilin said . 
 `` thanks , '' conor replied , feeling shy . 
 direct conversation with meilin tended to fluster him . 
 she was just so ... incredible . 
 and hard to figure out . 
 `` i do n't think briggan wanted to become dormant while we were out in the open . 
 my guess is he feels safer here . '' 
 `` i wonder if essix will ever feel safe ? '' 
 rollan said . 
 `` give it time , '' abeke recommended . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 conor asked . 
 rollan squinted at the sky . 
 `` where she always is - flying around . 
 she likes it when i let her do her own thing . 
 i can respect that . '' 
 `` she 's probably mad because you wo n't become a greencloak , '' conor said . 
 `` no . '' 
 rollan shook his head . 
 `` i think she understands . 
 do n't take it the wrong way . 
 i respect you three for joining . 
 i really do . 
 especially you , abeke . 
 you 've been through so much . 
 but i 'm just not sure yet if it 's for me , taking official vows and all that . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . 
 i 'll still help out . 
 and who knows , maybe eventually i 'll wear the costume . '' 
 `` now that we made it back here , what comes next ? '' 
 meilin asked . 
 `` i guess we train , '' conor said . 
 `` we try to be worthy of our animals . 
 and we find the rest of the talismans . 
 at least , that 's my plan . '' 
 `` have you dreamed about any new animals lately ? '' 
 rollan asked lightly . 
 glancing down at his mark , conor turned away , gazing out at the countryside . 
 `` i think we 've earned a break . '' 
 `` you did n't answer the question , '' rollan pointed out . 
 conor looked down . 
 `` fine . 
 i have n't mentioned this to olvan yet , or lenori either , although she gave me a funny look this morning . 
 i do n't want to worry anybody , and i do n't want to mess up our time to relax , but starting a few days ago ... i 've had these nightmares about a boar . '' 
 19 the return oceans away , on the far side of erdas , under a black , impenetrable sky , warm rain drenched a large earthen mound on a barren prairie . 
 blazing strands of lightning zigzagged across the night , offering brilliant glimpses of the cloud ceiling . 
 in rolling bursts , the roar and crackle of thunder drowned out the patter of the raindrops . 
 the searing flashes of light revealed hundreds of wombats , perhaps thousands , digging along the edge of the muddy mound , like an army of ants working on their nest . 
 heedless of the tumultuous storm , they burrowed urgently , paws bleeding . 
 a lone figure strolled among them , watching them dig in the flickering glare of the lightning . 
 they were close . 
 he could sense it . 
 in one hand he held the crude key , heavy and carved with animal faces . 
 as promised , it had finally been delivered to him . 
 years of work would culminate tonight . 
 the hair was standing up on his neck , on his arms . 
 the air hummed . 
 he took several shuffling steps , then crouched low , put down the key , and placed his hands over his ears . 
 the lightning struck a short stone 's throw away , blasting wombats into the air . 
 the thunder was deafening even with his ears covered . 
 he felt the shock through the ground . 
 the muscles in his legs clenched painfully , but the jolt failed to knock him over . 
 the next electric flash revealed at least a dozen dead wombats off to his left . 
 the others kept tunneling industriously . 
 it was n't normal behavior for the animals , but these were not normal wombats . 
 they were in thrall to the presence beneath the mound . 
 he served the same presence , but his devotion was different . 
 at least that 's what he told himself . 
 the figure picked up the key and stood up as the storm raged on . 
 he paced around and around the embankment , the muddy ground sucking at his every step . 
 eventually , a flash revealed that the wombats had abandoned their duties and massed on one side of the mound . 
 the figure hastened to that side . 
 as he drew closer , he did n't need lightning to guide him . 
 the key seemed magnetized , drawn toward its destination by an invisible force . 
 a sharp strobe of lightning revealed the gap in the side of the mound . 
 the wombats hung back reverently . 
 the figure entered the gap and splashed down to his knees as the rain poured down on him . 
 holding his breath , the figure plunged the key into the freshly unearthed socket . 
 there came a rumbling , but not of thunder . 
 a tremor rattled from below . 
 he felt it before he heard it , but soon it was as loud as a roar . 
 the next dazzling blaze of lightning showed the side of the hill tearing asunder . 
 an immense , serpentine form arose , its hood spread , its tongue flicking into the air . 
 unsure whether he would live or die , the figure bowed down . 
 if his time had come , at least he had accomplished his aim . 
 he had served the presence well . 
 gerathon was free . 
