 chapter 1 `` you 're an idiot . '' 
 i glanced over at my best friend , phillip kincaid . 
 `` really ? 
 i 'm an idiot ? 
 because i 'd say it takes one to know one . '' 
 phillip snorted and took another sip of his scotch . 
 he studied me over the rim of his glass , his bright blue gaze calmly staring past the blank mask of my face to see the real man lurking underneath . 
 funny , how well he could still read me , even though we 'd been estranged for years and had only recently reconnected . 
 after a moment , he grinned and waggled his eyebrows at me . 
 i sighed , knowing that he 'd keep grinning like a fool until i asked him the inevitable question . 
 `` and why , exactly , am i an idiot ? '' 
 `` because we 've been here an hour already , and you have n't so much as made eye contact with a single woman . '' 
 phillip used his drink to gesture out at the scene before us . 
 `` and there are plenty of them to choose from , owen . 
 blondes , brunettes , even a few redheads . 
 humans , vampires , giants , dwarves , elementals . 
 whatever floats your boat . '' 
 phillip was right . 
 there were plenty of women inside northern aggression , ashland 's most extravagant nightclub . 
 we were sitting in a booth in the back , giving us a clear view of the rest of the club . 
 men and women of all shapes , sizes , and ages happily grooved to a rocking beat out on the dance floor , while others clustered two and three deep around the elemental ice bar along the wall , slugging down drinks and already looking forward to the next round . 
 smoke spiraled up into the air as folks inhaled cigarettes , cigars , and other things that were n't exactly legal . 
 the thick gray clouds clung like a layer of fog to the red crushed-velvet drapes that covered the walls . 
 northern aggression was the sort of place where anything went , either back in the more private vip rooms or out here in plain view . 
 some of the folks who were n't dancing , drinking , or smoking were engaged in more ... passionate pursuits . 
 a couple kissed deeply at a table off to my right , their bodies melded together , their hands roaming over each other as though the rest of the world did n't exist . 
 meanwhile , the booth behind me rocked back and forth in time to the athletic acrobatics of the couple there , although the thumping music mostly drowned out their hoarse cries of pleasure . 
 a particularly vigorous rocking of the booth made me sigh , lean forward , and take a final swig of my gin and tonic , finishing off the drink . 
 phillip had dragged me out to the club tonight to celebrate his recovery from being shot in the chest during a robbery gone wrong at the briartop art museum a couple of weeks ago . 
 or maybe it was a robbery gone right , considering that clementine barker and most of her gang of giants had ended up dead in the end . 
 but thinking about that night conjured up so many memories for me , especially of a beautiful woman in a blood-red dress - `` hi , sugar , '' a voice said loudly enough to be heard over the music . 
 maybe it was the slightly mocking way that she drawled out sugar , but the sound of her voice made my head snap up , thinking that she was here tonight , hoping that she was - but it was n't her . 
 instead , a pretty woman with tan skin , hazel eyes , and black hair that was spiked up almost like a mohawk stood in front of our booth . 
 for a moment , i thought that she 'd come over to talk to phillip , since he 'd been actively eyeing the ladies ever since we 'd arrived , but then i realized that she was holding a round tray . 
 the gold heart-and-arrow pendant that glimmered in the hollow of her throat marked her as more than just a waitress , though . 
 the rune was roslyn phillips 's symbol for her luxe nightclub - and all the hookers who worked here . 
 several men and woman wearing the same necklace circulated around the dance floor and through the crowds at the bar , their gold runes flashing like neon signs underneath the club 's black lights , letting everyone know that they were open for business . 
 all of them were buff , beautiful , and baring a lot of skin , leaving little to the imagination . 
 most of them were vampires , and all of them would do whatever you wanted them to - for the right price . 
 the waitress cocked a hip to one side , her red-leather miniskirt riding up even higher on her toned thighs . 
 `` hi there . 
 my name 's sierra . 
 can i get you boys another round ? '' 
 phillip gave her a slow , syrupy smile . 
 `` sugar , you can get me just about anything that you like . '' 
 she giggled at that , having probably heard the same lame line from at least a dozen other men already tonight . 
 she grinned at him , revealing a pair of small , pearl-white fangs . 
 phillip gave her a saucy wink , which made her giggle a bit more . 
 then sierra turned her seductive smile to me . 
 `` what about you , handsome ? 
 see anything on the menu that you like ? 
 anything at all ? '' 
 she drawled out the word anything , then licked her crimson lips , letting me know that she was on the menu too , as if that rune around her neck had n't already clued me in to that fact . 
 phillip smirked and waggled his eyebrows at me again , but i shook my head . 
 `` just another drink for me , please , '' i said , pushing my empty glass toward her . 
 she pouted a little , but she scooped up our glasses and sashayed away . 
 phillip leaned out of the booth and watched her go , admiring the view . 
 `` that was a wasted opportunity , if you ask me , '' he said . 
 `` she was cute . '' 
 sierra was cute , but she was n't my type - because she did n't have clear gray eyes that could look right through you or a smile that could light up a room with just the barest curve of her lips . 
 i did n't bother telling phillip all that , though . 
 he 'd just say that i was being melancholy and maudlin , mooning over something that i could n't have , something that i 'd been stupid enough to throw away , something that i had n't truly appreciated until it was gone . 
 phillip took my lack of response as a sign to keep right on talking . 
 `` c'mon , owen , '' he murmured , his gaze zooming over to a gorgeous redhead enthusiastically swiveling her hips - along with everything else - out on the dance floor . 
 `` we came here tonight to have some fun . 
 or have you forgotten ? '' 
 with his slicked-back blond ponytail , intense blue eyes , and strong , muscled body , phillip attracted more than his share of admiring glances , especially given the sharp white fiona fine designer suit that he was sporting tonight . 
 with my black hair , violet eyes , and far more subdued navy suit , i was the muted dark to his blazing light . 
 i was n't as pretty as phillip , especially given my crooked nose and the scar on my chin from a long-ago fight , but i was n't invisible either . 
 i got my share of interested looks too . 
 i just did n't feel like returning any of them . 
 yep , owen grayson was officially on wingman duty tonight . 
 `` oh , no , '' i replied in a mild voice . 
 `` i have n't forgotten anything . 
 but it looks like you have - all about eva . '' 
 phillip quit ogling the redhead long enough to narrow his eyes at me . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` c'mon , phillip . 
 i might be an idiot , but i 'm not blind , '' i said , mocking him with his own words . 
 `` i see the way the two of you look at each other . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` and i can see that you 're not too happy about it . 
 so i thought that i would n't bring it up tonight . 
 or any night , for that matter . '' 
 this time i waggled my eyebrows at him . 
 `` my baby sister being not so secretly in love with one of ashland 's most ruthless crime bosses . 
 what 's not to like ? '' 
 phillip 's grimace deepened because every word i said was true . 
 eva was crazy about him , and phillip felt the same way about her , despite the fact that she was still in college and he , owner of the illustrious delta queen riverboat casino , was n't exactly one of the nicest guys in town . 
 then again , nice guys only got one thing in ashland : dead . 
 still , i could n't judge phillip , at least not for his profession , since i 'd done plenty of bad things over the years myself . 
 not to mention the fact that i 'd spent the last several months dating an assassin . 
 i let out a breath . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean that . 
 not really . 
 i want eva to be happy , and you too . 
 it 's just ... '' `` you think that i 'm too old for her , '' phillip finished . 
 `` and that what i do and who i am are too dangerous for her to be around . 
 and you would be absolutely correct on all counts . '' 
 eva had recently turned twenty , while phillip , a childhood friend of ours , was about ten years older . 
 he was right . 
 i did n't like the age gap , but i was more concerned about eva becoming a target for all of phillip 's enemies who might use her to hurt him . 
 instead of agreeing with him , though , i shrugged , not sure what to say that would n't make things worse . 
 something that was becoming more and more of a problem lately . 
 my mouth and the words that erupted out of it kept getting me in trouble with the people i cared about . 
 sierra returned with our drinks , keeping me from digging myself in any deeper . 
 phillip slugged down his scotch in one quick swallow , put his empty glass back on her tray , and told her to bring him another one . 
 i pushed my gin off to one side of the table , having lost my thirst for it . 
 we did n't speak , and the pulsing music did nothing to break the sudden awkwardness between us . 
 it was only after sierra brought him another drink that phillip finally looked at me again . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not going to lay a hand on eva . '' 
 `` i know - i know you would n't do something like that . '' 
 i regretted the words as soon as they left my mouth . 
 because i had misjudged phillip in the past . 
 hated him , reviled him , thought him to be the worst sort of scum imaginable and actively wished him dead - for years . 
 and i 'd lost so much because of it . 
 because of salina dubois and all of her damn lies . 
 doubt flickered in phillip 's eyes , and i knew he was wondering whether i really meant what i 'd said . 
 his suspicion was well earned , and it hurt as much as if a giant had punched me in the stomach . 
 every time i thought that i was finally moving past what salina had done to me and my loved ones , something like this came up - some small , stupid , thoughtless thing that i said or did that brought up all of the past anguish , anger , and accusations . 
 but i had no one to blame but myself . 
 i was the one who had inflicted salina on everyone simply by blindly loving and trusting her . 
 but before i could reassure phillip once again that i knew that he would never hurt eva , he frowned and looked toward the front of the club . 
 `` well , well , well , '' he said , letting out a low whistle of appreciation . 
 `` look who else came out for a little fun tonight . '' 
 i glanced in that direction and immediately froze . 
 she was on the tall side and slim , with a walk that was somehow simple and seductive at the same time . 
 unlike most of the other women , who were wearing as little as they could get away with , she wore jeans , low-heeled black boots , and a black leather jacket over a scarlet tank top , all the better to conceal the knives she carried . 
 she almost always wore dark colors , but they suited her . 
 she was n't the most beautiful woman in the club , but there was something about her that caught your eye and made you keep watching her . 
 maybe it was the small , amused smile that always seemed ready to play across her lips or her long , confident strides or the cold , clear light that burned in her gray eyes . 
 whispers sprang up in her wake as she moved through the club , but she ignored them . 
 she 'd gotten good at that these past few months . 
 she 'd had to . 
 still , some of the murmurs drifted over to me , despite the music . 
 `` is that her ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah , that 's her , all right . '' 
 `` better steer clear , man . 
 or she 'll carve you to pieces . '' 
 of course , the music ended just in time for everyone in the club to hear that last statement , and the woman in question paused to stare at the dwarf who 'd said it . 
 his mouth gaped open , and he shrank back , trying to disappear into the crowd . 
 she let him . 
 her eyes flicked around , calmly going from one face to another , but suddenly , everyone was very interested in heading back out onto the dance floor or getting a drink from the bar . 
 after a moment , she walked on . 
 gin blanco . 
 the assassin the spider . 
 the woman i loved - the one i 'd betrayed . 
 chapter 2 gin strode over to the elemental ice bar . 
 a blond woman walked beside her - bria , her younger sister - but i was completely focused on gin . 
 as if by magic , as soon as she approached , two seats opened up at the end of the packed bar . 
 but it was n't any kind of elemental power at work . 
 it was just gin walking into a room and people hurrying to do whatever they thought would please her - and keep them from getting sliced open with one of her silverstone knives . 
 one of the few perks of having a badass reputation like the spider 's . 
 one that gin never seemed to pay much attention to , which was one of the many things that i loved about her . 
 with her ice and stone magic , gin was one of the most powerful elementals in ashland , and she could have easily stepped up and taken the late mab monroe 's place as the queen of the underworld . 
 but she had n't . 
 all gin wanted was to be left alone to live a nice , quiet life . 
 for a while , i 'd been part of that nice , quiet life . 
 well , as nice and quiet as gin 's life ever got , which was n't very , given all the bad guys who wanted her dead . 
 even now , after everything that had happened between us , i still wanted to be part of that life , her life , even though i did n't deserve it anymore - or most especially her . 
 gin sat down on one stool , and her sister plopped down on the other one , just as cool and confident as could be . 
 detective bria coolidge was an ice elemental and powerful in her own right . 
 gin leaned forward and said something to the bartender . 
 for a moment , the pale blue light burning in the man 's eyes flickered as he lost his hold on his ice magic . 
 he was nervous , but he should n't be . 
 gin would n't kill him , unless he tried to kill her first . 
 and if he did , well , it would be the last thing that he ever did . 
 gin , the spider , did n't have a ruthless reputation for nothing . 
 even though there had to be at least two dozen people waiting for their drinks , the bartender ignored everyone else and quickly made theirs . 
 he slid a mojito over to bria , then poured some clear liquid over ice , adorned it with a fat wedge of lime , placed the glass on a white napkin , and carefully handed the whole thing to gin before bowing his head and backing away from her . 
 gin took a sip . 
 she gave the bartender an approving nod . 
 a big , goofy grin spread across his face . 
 after a moment , one of the waitresses nudged the bartender , breaking gin 's spell on him , and he hurried to catch up with the rest of the orders . 
 but he kept right on grinning and sneaking glances at gin as he started fixing drinks for the next customers . 
 `` please tell me that she 's drinking something other than gin , '' phillip murmured . 
 i smiled . 
 `` probably not . 
 she likes the irony . '' 
 his eyes dropped to the glass of gin on the table , the one that i 'd ordered , the same thing that i 'd been drinking all night long . 
 `` apparently , someone else does too . '' 
 i kept my face blank , but i pushed the glass a little farther away . 
 more murmurs rippled through the club , and once again the crowd parted , this time in appreciation of the beauty of the woman walking through their midst . 
 black hair , flawless features , toffee-colored eyes and skin . 
 her body would have made any model envious , not to mention the graceful way that she moved . 
 she wore a dark green pantsuit , the sort you 'd expect to find in any corporate office , but the fabric did little to disguise her lush curves . 
 i knew her too . 
 roslyn phillips , the owner of the club and one of gin 's friends . 
 roslyn made her way over to the bar . 
 she , gin , and bria all hugged , then exchanged a few quick pleasantries before roslyn moved off into the crowd to greet her other customers and make sure that everyone had what they needed . 
 gin swiveled around on her stool , her drink still in her hand . 
 bria did the same , and they both looked out over the club . 
 eyes wary , faces flat , shoulders tense . 
 looking for any danger , trouble , or problems that might be heading their way . 
 after a couple of minutes , bria seemed satisfied that they were in the clear . 
 she started sipping her drink and talking to her sister , but gin kept scanning and scanning the club , from the ice bar to the dance floor to the booths in the back . 
 on alert , the way she had to be simply to stay alive these days . 
 finally , her gaze met mine . 
 her eyes narrowed the tiniest bit , as though she were surprised to see me here , but she kept the rest of her features smooth and blank . 
 gin had the best poker face i 'd ever seen . 
 she rarely gave away anything she was feeling - except for the terrible hurt that i 'd caused her . 
 even now , it flared in her eyes , shimmering with a strong , accusing light . 
 or maybe that was just my own guilt that i saw reflected in her gaze . 
 we stared at each other for the better part of a minute before i finally smiled , lifted my hand , and waved at her , as though we were two casual friends who 'd spotted each other across a crowded room instead of ... well , i did n't know what we were now . 
 estranged lovers sounded so formal , so doom-and-gloom , but i supposed that was the closest thing to the truth . 
 after a moment , gin smiled and waved back , matching my friendly faandccedil ; ade gesture for gesture . 
 bria turned her head to see whom she was waving at , and her mouth puckered with displeasure . 
 bria did n't like me much these days , but i could n't blame her for that after the way i 'd treated gin . 
 not after the horrible way i 'd hurt her time and time again . 
 `` you should go over there , '' phillip said . 
 `` offer to buy her a drink . 
 another gin for gin , as it were . '' 
 he snickered . 
 `` look at you , '' i deadpanned . 
 `` being all clever with your words . '' 
 `` you 're the one who said that she liked irony . '' 
 i grinned at him . 
 `` she also likes sticking her knives into people who annoy her , something that you seem to excel at . '' 
 phillip shuddered . 
 `` trust me , i remember . 
 i thought she was going to slice me open that night in my office on the delta queen . '' 
 that had been back at the beginning of this whole sordid story , when salina had first returned to ashland and had tried to kill phillip before gin stopped her . 
 back when i 'd still wrongly thought that phillip had tried to rape salina , my ex-fiancee , when we were younger . 
 but really , all phillip had been doing was protecting eva from being cruelly tortured by salina 's water magic . 
 i 'd walked in on phillip fighting with salina and stupidly believed her claims , and i 'd almost beaten him to death as a result . 
 even now , weeks after salina 's death , the thought of how wrong i 'd been about her made my stomach twist with guilt and self-loathing . 
 i do n't know why , but phillip had forgiven me , even though i did n't deserve it or his friendship . 
 my gaze stayed steady on gin . 
 there were a lot of things that i did n't deserve now . 
 gin saluted me with her drink again , almost as if she were saying good-bye . 
 i did the same , and then she turned and started talking to bria , focusing on her sister instead of me . 
 but i kept watching her . 
 i could n't take my eyes off her - and neither could the other men in the club . 
 over the next half hour , a couple of guys approached gin , sidling up to her with smarmy smiles and offering to buy her a drink . 
 but she ignored them all and kept slowly sipping her own gin . 
 the men quickly turned their attention to bria , but she sent them away too , since bria was involved with finnegan lane , gin 's foster brother . 
 but there was one guy who was more persistent than all the others . 
 he was a giant , almost seven feet tall , with a lean , wiry body . 
 his baby-blue t-shirt was so tight it looked like it would rip down the center if he drew in too deep a breath . 
 his dirty-blond hair was spiked up over his forehead , then smoothed back and down over the rest of his skull . 
 his tan skin made his pale eyes seem that much lighter , and his white teeth gleamed in the semidarkness of the club . 
 most women would have thought him attractive . 
 in fact , i saw more than one give him an appraising look . 
 i snorted . 
 pretty boy . 
 probably could n't take a punch in the face for fear of ruining his perfect smile . 
 he leaned down and said something to gin . 
 instead of shooing him away , she actually smiled up at him , as though he 'd amused her . 
 he gestured at the dance floor . 
 my gut twisted and my hand flattened out against the tabletop . 
 after a moment , gin shook her head . 
 he said something else and gestured at the dance floor again , obviously thinking that he could win her over if only he tried hard enough . 
 my fingers started tapping out a quick pattern , but gin shook her head again . 
 he kept talking , obviously not wanting to take no for an answer . 
 my fingers stilled , then curled into a tight fist . 
 apparently , gin no longer found him amusing . 
 she gave him a cold , flat look and started to say something , but bria pulled her gold detective 's badge off her belt and flashed it at the guy . 
 that was finally enough to get him to back off . 
 he gave them both a sour look before storming off into the crowd . 
 `` somebody should punch that jackass in the face for bothering her , '' i muttered . 
 phillip chuckled . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i think that jealousy suits you . '' 
 i turned my glare to him . 
 `` maybe i should punch you in the face too . '' 
 he kept right on laughing . 
 apparently , every other man in the club saw the giant strike out with gin and decided to try his luck , because it was like the proverbial floodgates opened . 
 one after another , the preening peacocks - emphasis on cocks - separated themselves from the flock , walked over , and started hitting on her . 
 soon i could n't even see gin through the cluster of the men . 
 still , i kept shooting glances in that direction . 
 i could n't help myself , just like i had n't been able to stop staring at gin at the briartop museum when i 'd first noticed her in the rotunda . 
 gin probably thought that i 'd come over to her because i 'd mistaken her for someone else , but i could never do that . 
 i 'd know her anywhere . 
 she 'd looked so beautiful that night , her blood-red gown rippling out around her , her dark brown hair loose and slightly wavy , the skin of her arms and shoulders looking as smooth and flawless as marble . 
 but gin had never looked so wonderful as at the moment she 'd burst into the museum 's vault area and i 'd realized she was still alive , ending the utter agony of thinking she had been murdered by clementine and her men . 
 gin had been dirty , sweaty , and covered with giants ' blood , but i had n't cared . 
 i 'd grabbed her and kissed her , and i 'd wanted to keep on kissing her forever - the music stopped again for a moment , and the crowd quieted down enough for me to hear a soft , low laugh , gin 's laugh . 
 something else that i would have known anywhere . 
 she actually found one of the peacocks funny . 
 i could n't see who it was , but she laughed again . 
 what was he ? 
 a comedian ? 
 her laugh drifted over to me a third time , and i grabbed my glass and threw back the gin . 
 but the slow , steady burn of the liquor in the pit of my stomach could n't ease the sharp , stinging ache in my chest . 
 because that should have been me at the bar with her . 
 i should have been the one making her laugh tonight . 
 not some random stranger . 
 i would have been that man , if not for my own stupidity . 
 and that 's what hurt and angered me more than anything else . 
 gin laughed yet again , the sound punching into my gut . 
 and i knew that i had to get out of here before i did something extremely stupid , like marching over to the bar and punching out every single guy who was ogling her . 
 `` i need some air , '' i growled . 
 phillip gave me an amused look . 
 `` sure you do . '' 
 i grimaced , slid out of the booth , and walked away . 
 chapter 3 it was after ten now , and northern aggression was kicking into high gear . 
 the dance floor was so packed that i could n't get to the other side without using blunt force . 
 with the mood i was in , i would n't have minded shoving a few dancers out of my way . 
 actually , i would n't have minded being in the middle of a good , old-fashioned , knock-down , drag-out bar brawl , but there was no reason to take out my anger and frustration on folks who were just here to have a good time . 
 so instead of going outside , i ended up retreating to the only other somewhat quiet haven in the club : the men 's room . 
 like everything else at northern aggression , the men 's room was done in lavish style . 
 the floor in the outer room was made of the same springy bamboo as the rest of the club , and several small red-velvet couches crouched in the wide space . 
 roslyn 's heart-and-arrow rune was embroidered in gold thread on each of the throw pillows propped up on the thick cushions . 
 i thought the little couches were an odd touch , since i 'd never seen a man actually sit on any of them . 
 but , apparently , they were great spots to sleep off hangovers . 
 a dwarf was snoring up a storm on the couch in the corner right now . 
 since he was a few inches shy of five feet , he actually fit on the piece of furniture , although one of his legs was dangling off the side . 
 it would n't be too long before gravity took over and he slid off the slick velvet and ended up facedown on the floor , snoring into the wood . 
 i pushed through the inner door and into the actual bathroom . 
 two vampires were whispering to each other in front of the paper-towel dispenser . 
 they stopped and gave me suspicious looks as i entered . 
 i 'd probably interrupted some sort of hush-hush deal for drugs , blood , sex , or all three . 
 since it looked like they wanted their privacy , i moved past them and entered the farthest stall . 
 a few seconds later , the whispers resumed , and the door creaked open and then shut as the vamps left . 
 apparently , they 'd concluded their business and gone on their way . 
 bully for them . 
 somebody here should have a good time tonight . 
 i stood in the stall and stared at the door in front of me . 
 maybe it was the way the light glinted off the metal , but suddenly , i was thinking back to another place , another time . 
 the lawn of an elegant estate and the layer of glittering elemental ice that covered everything , including the broken , frozen fountains planted in the grass ... salina lying on the ice , stretching out her hand , begging me to help her , to save her . 
 a crazy light flashing in her eyes , one that i 'd somehow never seen before . 
 my sharp , sick , horrified realization that the crazy light had been there all along and that everyone else had seen it but me . 
 gin staring solemnly at me , knowing what had to be done now and that i could n't do it . 
 phillip and gin 's foster brother , finn , clamping their hands on my arms , holding me back while i made a halfhearted effort to break loose , and all of us knowing that i did n't really want to be free . 
 gin leaning down and cutting salina 's throat . 
 and then the sick , sick relief that i was n't the one to actually kill her . 
 but everything inside me still turning , twisting , and tearing apart at what had happened , at all that my friends , my family , had suffered because of salina - because of my blind faith in her . 
 turning away from gin so she would n't see my horror , my guilt , my complete and utter shame , at everything that had happened ... i shook my head , and the door was simply a door , not some weird window into the not-too-distant past . 
 but once again , anger surged through me , the way it had so many times over the past several weeks . 
 why did every single thing have to remind me of that night ? 
 of how i 'd failed the people i loved ? 
 eva had suffered so much because of salina . 
 so had phillip , gin , and cooper stills , the dwarven air elemental who 'd been my blacksmith mentor . 
 and yet at the end , when it had to be done , when it had really mattered , i had n't been able to kill salina . 
 i 'd seen her lying on the ice , and i 'd thought of the girl she 'd once been , the one who 'd lost her father so horribly , the one i 'd loved so much - who had really been a monster the whole time . 
 i knew everything that salina had done - abused eva , lied about phillip , attacked cooper , tried to drown gin - but i still had n't wanted to be the cause of her death . 
 i 'd wanted her just to ... disappear , as if that would magically take all of the horror and heartache along with her . 
 but instead , i 'd made everything that much worse by not killing salina myself , by not trying to set right the wrongs that i 'd unwittingly inflicted upon them . 
 and even though salina was dead now , i still could n't escape the legacy of what she 'd done . 
 cooper looked at me with sad , knowing , pitying eyes . 
 phillip measured everything that i said , no matter how innocent or unimportant , as though he did n't really believe any of my words . 
 eva glared at me with such disgust sometimes that it took my breath away . 
 and then there was gin , whom i 'd wounded the worst . 
 because she 'd saved us all from salina 's twisted revenge scheme , and i 'd turned my back on her like a fool . 
 i 'd lashed out at gin , when i should have been blaming myself for not protecting her and the others from salina in the first place . 
 but the really sad thing , the really pathetic thing , the truly unforgivable thing , was that i 'd known exactly what kind of stupid ass i was being that night at the dubois estate . 
 i 'd known it the day i 'd gone to see gin at the pork pit and told her that i needed some time to think about things . 
 and again when we 'd talked in the moonlit gardens outside the briartop museum , and she 'd finally let me see how sick , weary , and hurt she was because of how i 'd reacted to salina 's death . 
 gin had risked her life to rescue me at salina 's estate and then again at briartop , and all i had done was wound her time and time again . 
 gin did n't like folks to know it , and she especially did n't like them to see it , but she would do anything for the people she loved , including taking their emotional garbage . 
 and i 'd heaped a ton of it onto her shoulders instead of manning up and dealing with things myself - instead of killing salina myself . 
 i loved gin , but i 'd known that she had some serious trust issues after detective donovan caine had so coldly rejected her for being an assassin . 
 but i 'd seen her , and i 'd wanted her , so i 'd pursued her . 
 and as i got to know gin , as i fell in love with her , i had vowed to myself that i would never treat her as thoughtlessly as donovan had . 
 i would never judge or reject her for doing what she thought was right , for using her skills as the spider to protect others . 
 but i 'd done it all anyway . 
 i loved gin , but i 'd still hurt her , and i did n't know if i could ever forgive myself for that . 
 maybe gin had made the wrong choice in blue marsh . 
 maybe she should have chosen donovan instead of me . 
 maybe she should go home with one of the peacocks tonight and forget i ever existed . 
 phillip was right . 
 i was a f ** king idiot . 
 i 'd had gin 's love , and i had been stupid enough to throw it away . 
 it was all my fault , and i did n't know how to fix it . 
 i did n't know how to fix myself , much less us . 
 i rubbed my hands over my face , trying to shake off the guilt . 
 but that did n't work , it never worked , so i growled and punched the metal . 
 i put a bit of magic behind the blow , leaving a fist-shaped dent in the door . 
 i had an elemental talent for metal , could bend it and shape it any way that i wanted to . 
 right now , i felt like ripping the door off its hinges and sending wave after wave of my magic into it until the metal was crumpled up like a smushed soda can between my fingers - the bathroom door banged open , and the heavy tread of footsteps sounded . 
 `` did you see that bitch brush me off ? '' 
 a low voice growled . 
 `` i used all of my best lines on her , and she looked at me like i was some sort of gnat that was bothering her . '' 
 `` calm down , stuart , '' another voice chimed in . 
 `` we knew that the direct approach might not work . '' 
 `` i can have any woman in this club that i want , and she turns me down ? 
 oh , hell , no , '' stuart snarled . 
 `` if we had n't been hired to kill her already , i would do it myself just because . 
 she would n't think she was so high and mighty when my hands were wrapped around her throat . '' 
 hired to kill her ? 
 i had a sinking feeling that i knew exactly who they were talking about : gin . 
 now that everyone in the underworld knew - or at least suspected - that she was the assassin the spider , practically every crime boss in the city had tried to take gin out and prove that they had the stones to be the new head of the ashland crime scene . 
 of course , no one had succeeded yet , but that did n't keep them from trying ... and trying ... and trying ... . 
 `` so the spider brushed you off , '' the second man said in a much calmer and colder voice . 
 `` it happens . 
 she 's a woman , just like any other . 
 who knows what they 're really thinking ? 
 most of them do n't even know , and i , for one , do n't care . 
 but like you said , we were hired to kill her . 
 nothing else . 
 so we 'll just watch and wait until we see a chance to get her alone . '' 
 well , not if i could help it . 
 i 'd already hurt gin so much . 
 i was n't about to let these two losers ruin her night . 
 my hand curled into a fist again , but this time , i did n't want to hit the door - i wanted to hit them . 
 but instead of giving in to my anger , i peered through the crack between the stall door and the frame to get a look at gin 's would-be attackers . 
 one was the giant in the blue t-shirt whom i 'd noticed hitting on her earlier . 
 he took a comb out of his back pocket and ran it through his hair , making sure that every blond strand was greased back into place . 
 then he stared into the mirror and smiled , before cocking his head to the side and arching first one eyebrow , then the other , in a suggestive manner at his own reflection , as if he were trying to seduce himself . 
 did that lame come-hither look ever actually work for him ? 
 arrogant , egotistical pretty boy . 
 i was going to enjoy knocking his perfect teeth out of his mouth . 
 the other guy was a dwarf , but his chest and shoulders were even wider and more muscled than the giant 's . 
 he wore a black button-up shirt , dark brown khakis , and black boots . 
 the dwarf 's black hair was shaved close to his skull , more like stubble than anything else . 
 a smile stretched across his mouth as he watched the giant groom himself . 
 but there was something hollow in the dwarf 's expression , and his lips were firmly curved up , like his smile had been painted onto his face . 
 his light brown eyes were even colder and emptier than his smile . 
 the giant might be a loudmouthed hothead , but the dwarf - the dwarf was the real threat . 
 `` fine , richie , '' the giant , stuart , snapped . 
 he finished fixing his hair and slid his comb into his back pocket . 
 `` we 'll wait until the time is right to make our move . 
 but that bitch is mine . 
 you got it ? '' 
 `` sure , '' richie replied . 
 `` no problem . 
 better you get her blood on your clothes anyway . '' 
 stuart frowned and looked down at his blue t-shirt , then over at richie , as if he was n't sure whether the dwarf was serious . 
 `` do you think that i should go change real quick ? 
 i have some extra clothes in the car . 
 this is my lucky t-shirt . 
 nobody says no to me in this t-shirt . 
 it brings out the color of my eyes . 
 all the ladies tell me so . '' 
 stuart gave himself another sexy smirk in the mirror . 
 richie rolled his eyes . 
 i would too , if i was saddled with an arrogant schmuck like that . 
 `` if you 're done thinking about how cute you are , we have work to do , '' richie finally growled . 
 `` so let 's get on with it . '' 
 stuart opened his mouth , but he took one look at the other man 's narrowed eyes and swallowed whatever he 'd been about to say . 
 `` sure , richie . 
 no problem . 
 i 'm done . 
 after you . '' 
 the giant held out his hand in a placating gesture . 
 richie glared at him a second longer before opening the door and stepping out of the bathroom . 
 stuart gave himself one more appraising glance in the mirror before hurrying after the other man . 
 i waited a few seconds to make sure that they were n't coming back , then opened the stall door and followed them . 
 chapter 4 back out in the main part of the club , the two men ambled over to one of the tables close to the dance floor and turned their chairs so that they could see gin , still sitting with bria at the ice bar . 
 i kept one eye on them as i hurried back over to phillip 's and my booth . 
 while i 'd been gone , our waitress had returned and was now leaning over with her elbows propped on the table , giving phillip a bird 's - eye view of all she had to offer , including the plump assets that were practically spilling out of the top of her black leather bustier . 
 i stepped up beside sierra , but neither one of them even glanced in my direction . 
 so i reached into my back pocket , pulled out my wallet , and put a hundred on the table . 
 `` sorry , but my friend and i have to go . 
 that should cover our drinks . '' 
 `` go ? '' 
 phillip murmured , his eyes still fixed on sierra 's cle ** age . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . 
 now , come on . '' 
 phillip kept ogling the waitress , so i reached down , grabbed his jacket sleeve , and pulled him onto his feet . 
 i did n't have phillip 's natural strength , since he probably had some giant and dwarven blood in his veins , but i was n't a lightweight either . 
 in fact , ever since i 'd broken up with gin , i 'd spent more time working in my forge than ever before , and i 'd grown stronger , physically , at least , as i tried to clear my head and figure out some way to make things right between gin and me . 
 it had n't worked , though . 
 nothing had . 
 sierra realized that i was serious about leaving and taking phillip with me . 
 she smoothly palmed the hundred , flashed me a smile , and sashayed away , already on to the next table to ply her wares . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 phillip said , jerking away from me and smoothing down his jacket . 
 `` you could have just asked nicely . 
 there 's no need to get physical . '' 
 i arched an eyebrow at him . 
 `` this from a man who enjoys personally throwing people off his riverboat instead of letting his giant guards do it for him ? '' 
 phillip grinned . 
 `` do you not know how much fun that is ? 
 all you have to do is flip them over the side of the railing , listen to them scream , then wait for the splash . 
 a few manage to go in feet first , but most of them do some sort of awkward , flailing belly flop , which only makes it that much more painful and the splash that much bigger . 
 splat . 
 you can hear the sound all the way up to the top deck . 
 i 'm telling you , it 's awesome to watch . 
 besides , i do n't throw everybody off the riverboat . 
 that would be bad for business . 
 i only do it when people cheat . 
 or drink too much . 
 or fight with the staff . 
 or act like idiots . 
 or annoy me . 
 or - '' he would have kept ticking off more supposed infractions on his fingers if i had n't shaken my head . 
 `` follow me , '' i said . 
 i started to walk away , but phillip did n't move . 
 instead , he gave me a pointed look . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` twelve ? '' 
 he responded by crossing his arms over his chest and rocking back on his heels . 
 i sighed , remembering exactly how stubborn he could be . 
 `` fine . 
 please . 
 please follow me , your royal highness . '' 
 after a moment , phillip grinned and uncrossed his arms . 
 `` see ? 
 asking nicely does n't hurt so much , now , does it ? 
 and i kind of like that whole royal highness thing . 
 yeah , i could definitely get used to you calling me that . '' 
 i snorted and walked away , but i must have asked him nicely enough , because phillip trailed along beside me as best he could , given the crowd . 
 i scanned the crush of people , looking for roslyn . 
 i figured that since i was going to have a talk - and likely something much more violent - with two of her customers , i should give her a heads-up first . 
 it was the polite thing to do . 
 besides , she 'd want to know about the threat to gin too , since the two of them were such close friends . 
 i did n't see roslyn , but i spotted someone else i knew , a muscular giant with ebony skin and a shaved head that gleamed underneath the flashing lights . 
 xavier , the club 's head bouncer and roslyn 's significant other . 
 suddenly , i had an idea of how to take care of stuart and richie with no one , especially gin , being the wiser . 
 i veered in xavier 's direction . 
 it took me a few minutes to sidestep through the crowd over to where he was standing by the entrance to the vip section , but i made it , even if phillip did n't . 
 my friend had gotten happily waylaid on the dance floor and was enthusiastically bumping and grinding his way past first one woman , then another . 
 he 'd get here eventually , though . 
 i could always count on phillip to be there for me when i really needed him , despite how horribly i 'd failed him all those years ago by believing salina over him . 
 but i pushed that thought away . 
 now was n't the time to think about what a mess i 'd made of everything . 
 now was the time to act and to make sure that gin stayed safe for the rest of the night . 
 `` xavier , what 's up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned , and we shook hands . 
 xavier had a firm , strong grip , even for a giant . 
 `` not much , '' he drawled , scanning the crowd for any signs of trouble . 
 `` just another night of dancing , drinking , and debauchery . '' 
 once he was satisfied that no one was going to kick up an immediate ruckus , he looked at me . 
 he hesitated , his dark eyes meeting mine . 
 `` you know that gin 's here tonight , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i saw her . '' 
 he did n't say anything else , and neither did i. unlike phillip , xavier knew when not to push something . 
 `` is there something that i can do for you , owen ? '' 
 xavier asked . 
 i jerked my head toward the tables that ringed the dance floor . 
 `` see that giant and dwarf sitting together ? '' 
 stuart and richie were at the same table as before , a couple of beers in front of them now . 
 richie still had his eyes fixed on gin , watching her laugh and talk with bria at the bar . 
 every once in a while , he would take a sip of his beer , and then he 'd go right back to staring at gin . 
 that left stuart free to ogle all of the waitresses as they walked by . 
 he even gave a couple of them winks , as if he was n't planning to coldly strangle a woman to death the second she left the club . 
 a real charmer , that guy . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 xavier asked . 
 `` do you know them ? '' 
 he shrugged his massive shoulders . 
 `` i have n't seen the dwarf before , but stuart 's a regular . 
 he 's always coming in and sweet-talking every pretty thing who gets within spitting distance of him . 
 he thinks he 's more of a player than he really is , though , and when his game does n't work on a lady , he tends to take it personally . 
 he 's been in his share of fights , with men and women alike , and i 've warned him about harassing folks . '' 
 `` can you give me ten minutes , then throw them both out of the club ? '' 
 `` sure , '' xavier said , cracking his knuckles . 
 `` i told stuart not to show his face here for at least a month . 
 that was three days ago . 
 i was planning to let him order a couple more beers , so roslyn could make a little money off him , before i showed him the door . 
 any particular reason you 've taken a dislike to those guys ? '' 
 `` i heard them talking in the bathroom . 
 they 're here for gin . '' 
 xavier 's face tightened , and he nodded . 
 in addition to working as a bouncer , xavier was bria 's partner on the police force . 
 he knew all about gin 's troubles with the underworld bosses . 
 `` consider it done , '' xavier growled . 
 `` you want me to come outside and help you with them ? '' 
 `` nah , '' i said . 
 `` that 's what phillip is for . '' 
 xavier looked past me and grinned . 
 `` have you told him that ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder . 
 phillip had apparently given up trying to get free of the dance floor . 
 he was now engaged in a very close , very slow , very suggestive dance with not one but two women . 
 he whirled first one way , then another , trying to dazzle them both at the same time with his slick moves and cheesy smile . 
 `` he 's going to throw out his back , jerking around like that , '' i muttered . 
 xavier chuckled . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 i think that phillip could give finn a run for his money when it comes to hamming it up with the ladies . '' 
 i sighed and shook my head . 
 `` better make that fifteen minutes . '' 
 xavier chuckled again . 
 * * * i wormed my way through the crowd , trying to get to phillip , but i kept getting cut off as people gyrated right into the middle of my path . 
 i 'd been on the dance floor for two minutes and had n't gone more than twenty feet . 
 and phillip , of course , was now smack dab in the center . 
 i 'd just taken another step forward when a hand touched my shoulder and sidled higher , caressing my cheek . 
 before i knew it , sierra , our waitress , had her arms wrapped around my neck and her body plastered against mine . 
 i put my hands on her waist , out of instinct more than anything else . 
 sierra took that as an invitation to wiggle even closer to me . 
 `` it 's about time you got out here on the dance floor , handsome . '' 
 `` sorry , '' i replied . 
 `` but i 'm not staying . 
 i only came to get my friend over there . '' 
 `` now , why would you want to go and interrupt him having a good time ? '' 
 she grinned , showing me her small white fangs again . 
 `` especially since we could be having an even better time by ourselves . 
 alone . 
 somewhere more ... private . '' 
 i dropped my hands from her waist and started to step around her , but she kept her arms around my neck and moved in that direction , blocking me . 
 `` are you sure there 's nothing else that i can get you tonight , handsome ? '' 
 her voice was low , husky , and filled with all sorts of promises . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i said in a firm tone . 
 `` but thank you for asking . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , it was worth a shot . '' 
 she did n't seem offended , but for some reason , i still felt the need to explain myself . 
 maybe because i 'd done such a lousy job of it to everyone else lately . 
 `` listen , '' i said . 
 `` you 're gorgeous , sexy , and charming . 
 we both know that , and you can have your pick of any guy in this place . '' 
 `` just not you . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm already spoken for . 
 you see , there 's this woman i lo - '' she waved her hand , cutting me off . 
 `` oh , i know , sugar . 
 you keep staring at gin blanco like you 're on a desert island and she 's the last bottle of water around . 
 news flash , buddy . 
 you do not want to mess with her . 
 she will cut out your heart and show it to you before you die . '' 
 well , that was one of the more colorful rumors that i 'd heard about the spider 's prowess , and it was n't that far from being true . 
 i 'd seen her fillet more than her share of bad guys - and she 'd done the same to me without even realizing it . 
 `` she 's already cut out my heart , '' i quipped . 
 `` and i was happy to let her do it . '' 
 sierra frowned , like she thought i was just drunk and spouting nonsense . 
 maybe i was , thinking about how gin held my heart in the palm of her hand . 
 either way , i gently unwound sierra 's other arm from around my neck . 
 `` thanks for the dance , but i really have to go . '' 
 `` if you change your mind ... '' her voice trailed off suggestively . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 after a moment , she shrugged . 
 `` your loss , sugar . '' 
 she pressed a soft kiss to my cheek , her vanilla perfume tickling my nose . 
 she gave me one more sly , flirty smile before she danced away to the next man . 
 i watched her glide away for a moment before glancing back over at the bar . 
 instead of talking to each other or shooing away the peacocks , gin and bria were both watching me . 
 from the angry , pinched set of bria 's mouth , she 'd seen the whole scene with sierra - and so had gin . 
 her face was completely blank , but her fingers slowly curled around her drink , as if she wanted to smash the glass against something - my face , most likely . 
 i grimaced . 
 once again , i 'd upset gin without even trying , just like i had when i 'd brought jillian delancey to the briartop art museum a few weeks ago . 
 it had been a total fluke , jillian being in town and wanting to see the exhibit of mab 's things . 
 since i 'd had an extra ticket , i 'd figured it would n't hurt to bring her along with eva and me . 
 i just had n't realized that night would cost jillian her life . 
 that had n't been my fault , any more than it had been gin 's . 
 no , the blame for jillian 's death rested on the dead shoulders of clementine barker , along with jonah mcallister , who was regrettably still very much alive . 
 but i could n't help but feel guilty all the same . 
 not only because jillian was dead but because when i 'd seen gin at the gala , i 'd forgotten all about jillian , even though the two of them had been wearing the same dress . 
 and then , when clementine had thrown a body into the middle of the crowd , crowing about how she and her men had finally killed the spider , i 'd been so shocked , so horrified , so convinced that it was gin , that i had n't even realized that jillian was n't in the rotunda with the rest of the hostages . 
 once again , i 'd failed a friend . 
 oh , i knew that i could n't have done anything to save jillian , that she 'd been killed before clementine and her giants had taken everyone prisoner , but i still felt the weight of her death - and salina 's too . 
 they were dead , and i was n't , and i was n't sure how to move forward from that cold , inescapable fact . 
 someone bumped into me , snapping me out of my thoughts . 
 gin was still staring at me . 
 i hesitated , then waved at her . 
 i pointed toward phillip and then at the front doors of the club , as if i was getting him and we were leaving and going home for the night . 
 we were going home - eventually . 
 i just had a little problem to take care of first . 
 two of them , actually . 
 after a moment , gin returned my wave , before swiveling around on her seat and facing the ice bar . 
 bria glared at me a few more seconds before doing the same . 
 i sighed , knowing that i 'd screwed up again without even meaning to . 
 but there was nothing i could do about it , so i waded over to where phillip was still boogying the night away . 
 now his two dance partners were practically draped over him , one on each arm , and the grin on his face told me exactly how much he was enjoying their attention . 
 i waved my hand , catching his eye , and jerked my thumb toward the doors . 
 phillip started to protest , but he must have seen the tension in my face , because he smoothly kissed one woman 's hand , then the other , before murmuring some excuses and regretfully leaving them behind . 
 he followed me to the edge of the dance floor . 
 i risked a glance over my shoulder . 
 gin was still sitting at the bar , her back was to me , and she was chatting with bria again . 
 `` you know , you could always go over there and buy her a drink , '' phillip murmured . 
 `` i thought that things had gotten a little better between the two of you after the briartop heist . '' 
 `` they are better , '' i said . 
 `` i just do n't know how to get them back to where they were , to where we were before ... '' `` before salina . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 phillip knew the rest of the whole sad , twisted story as well as i did . 
 `` you should make some grand romantic gesture , '' he said in a confident , knowing tone . 
 `` women love that . 
 flowers , candy , jewelry . '' 
 i did n't tell him that i 'd already done that - sort of - by giving gin the rune necklaces that had belonged to her mother and her older sister . 
 the snowflake and ivy-vine pendants had been among mab 's things at the briartop museum . 
 mab had murdered gin 's family when gin was thirteen and had kept the necklaces as some sort of sick trophy . 
 i 'd noticed gin staring at the necklaces and had realized what they were before clementine and her men had taken everyone hostage . 
 after the crisis was over , i 'd found the rune pendants stuffed into a garbage bag with some of the other jewels that the giants had taken off the partygoers . 
 it had taken me a couple of days and a lot of hard work to clean up the runes and make the silverstone shine again , but it had been more than worth it to see the look of amazement and wonder on gin 's face when i 'd given the necklaces back to her at the pork pit - `` flowers , candy , jewelry , '' phillip repeated in a firm voice . 
 `` those three things have gotten me out of more sticky situations than any gun ever has . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` that 's because you 're so utterly charming that you convince every woman who crosses your path that she 's going to be mrs. phillip kincaid . 
 naturally , they get upset when that does n't happen . '' 
 for a moment , his face grew somber . 
 `` there 's only one woman who 's going to be mrs. phillip kincaid . '' 
 i knew that he was talking about eva . 
 i could see it in his eyes , but i made myself snort , as though i did n't care one way or the other about the burgeoning relationship between the two of them . 
 `` if she wants you . '' 
 `` oh , she 'll want me , '' phillip said with a confident grin . 
 `` everyone does . '' 
 `` now you sound like stuart . '' 
 `` who is stuart ? '' 
 he asked , a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` i 'll tell you all about him and his friend richie - outside , '' i said . 
 `` now , come on . 
 we have some peacocks to deal with . '' 
 chapter 5 phillip and i left the bump and grind of the dance floor behind and stepped outside . 
 i breathed in , enjoying the freshness of the summer night air after all of the smoke and sweat inside the club . 
 the interior of northern aggression might have been all lush elegance , but the exterior was surprisingly featureless , like a corporate office building . 
 the only thing that set the building apart was the neon sign over the entrance , which was shaped like roslyn 's rune . 
 the heart with an arrow through it burned a bright , bloody red , then a sunny yellow , then a burnt orange , casting its intense light out over the folks waiting to get past the red velvet rope at the entrance to the club . 
 a few people looked up from their phones , cigarettes , and conversations as we walked past but quickly lost interest and turned their hopeful attention back to the giant bouncer manning the velvet rope . 
 i filled phillip in on stuart the giant and richie the dwarf and their plans for gin as we headed toward the parking lot . 
 when i finished , phillip let out a low whistle . 
 `` so now they 're following her around ashland , just waiting for her to let her guard down long enough to try to kill her ? 
 sounds like some folks are getting a little desperate to get rid of the spider . '' 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 it 's not like gin is trying to take mab 's place or anything like that . 
 all she wants is to be left alone . '' 
 phillip shook his head . 
 `` that 's not going to happen , and we both know it . 
 not until someone steps up and takes control of the underworld . 
 right now , everyone is just trying to hold on to what they have and position themselves as best they can . 
 as much as i hate to say it , at least with mab around , there was some semblance of order . 
 you do n't want to know how many men i 've lost these past few months to fools storming onto the riverboat , thinking that they can rob me and intimidate my customers . 
 not to mention what happened to antonio . '' 
 a shadow passed over his face , causing guilt to cut through my stomach like one of gin 's knives . 
 antonio mendez had been phillip 's right-hand man on the delta queen , but more important , the giant had been phillip 's friend . 
 salina had used her water magic to suck all of the moisture , all of the life , out of antonio , and he 'd died on the riverboat 's main deck . 
 salina might have been the one who actually killed the giant , but i still felt responsible for his death - the same way that i felt responsible for all of the hurt that eva , phillip , cooper , and gin had experienced because of salina . 
 because of my foolish faith and trust in her . 
 there was nothing that i could do for antonio . 
 not now . 
 but the same was n't true for gin , so i pulled my keys out of my pocket and popped open the trunk of my mercedes-benz . 
 the trunk was a mess , full of tools and odd bits of metal i had picked up here and there , but i knew exactly what i was looking for and precisely where it was . 
 like gin and her knives , i never went anywhere without my weapon of choice these days . 
 i reached down into the mess , and my hands closed around a smooth , firm , familiar hilt . 
 a moment later , i pulled my blacksmith 's hammer out of the trunk and into the neon glare cast by the heart-and-arrow sign . 
 the hammer was n't a traditional weapon , but it was mine . 
 after spending so many hours , so many years , in my forge , it felt far more comfortable in my hand than a gun or a knife ever would . 
 besides , with so many giants and dwarves in ashland , it was good to have something that would really pack a punch and level the playing field . 
 drive the hammer into someone 's knees , and he would go down screaming , no matter how tall or tough he was . 
 slam it into someone 's head , and his skull would crack like an eggshell , no matter how thick and strong his bones were . 
 i twirled the hammer around and around , moving it from one hand to the other and limbering up my shoulders . 
 after being hunched over in the booth , it felt good to move , to stretch - and to be doing something to help gin , rather than hurt her again . 
 the hammer was made of solid silverstone , although you could n't really tell , given how much soot and ash had blackened it over the years . 
 and there was something else that made the hammer special : my magic . 
 over the years , i 'd imbued the hammer with my own elemental talent for metal , so that whenever i was working in the forge , the hammer was an extension of my arm , my magic , my will . 
 all of that flowed from me , through the hammer , and into whatever piece of metal i was working with , until the sheets of iron , copper , and silverstone took on the exact shape that i wanted them to . 
 phillip eyed the hammer . 
 `` i thought you just wanted to talk to these guys , tell them to back off . '' 
 `` we can try that , '' i said . 
 `` but i doubt it will work . 
 they 'll want their money too badly to walk away from this chance to kill gin . 
 does that bother you ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` not at all . 
 in fact , that 's exactly the sort of party that i like . 
 although i hate to go empty-handed . 
 what other junk have you got in your trunk ? '' 
 phillip snickered , then leaned down and peered into the mess . 
 `` hey , what 's in here ? '' 
 `` nothing - '' before i could stop him , he reached down and popped open the lid on a silverstone case that lay on the right side of the trunk . 
 five knives were nestled in black foam inside the case . 
 they glinted dully in the flashing neon still streaming out from the club 's sign . 
 `` knives ? '' 
 phillip 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` do i even have to guess who these are for ? '' 
 he plucked one of the knives out of the foam and held it up to the light . 
 he turned it around and saw the symbol stamped into the hilt . 
 a small circle surrounded by eight thin rays . 
 a spider rune - gin 's rune - the symbol for patience . 
 `` you made her some more knives ? '' 
 phillip scoffed . 
 `` really ? 
 the five you made her for christmas were n't enough ? '' 
 `` have you met gin ? '' 
 he shrugged , conceding my point . 
 `` still , owen , knives ? 
 again ? 
 really ? 
 were you not listening before when i mentioned flowers , candy , and jewelry ? '' 
 `` gin is n't exactly a flowers-candy-and-jewelry sort of woman , '' i said . 
 `` and i did n't make the knives for her . '' 
 phillip snorted . 
 `` right . 
 because someone else wants a set of knives with her rune stamped into the hilts . 
 if these knives are part of some half-assed plan you have to get back into gin 's good graces , then i got ta say , it 's a little lame . '' 
 i ground my teeth . 
 that was exactly what i 'd been thinking about doing with the knives , giving them to gin as an apology for everything that i 'd done . 
 i knew that it would n't make up for everything - not for anything , really - but it was all i could think of . 
 in fact , every time i was in my forge these days , all i thought about was what i could make for gin . 
 what weapons she might need . 
 what sort of sculpture she might like . 
 what single thing i could make to get her to forgive me . 
 so far , i 'd made five sets of knives , three sculptures shaped like various flower bouquets , and a complete set of silverware for the pork pit . 
 none of which was good enough for her , not by a long shot . 
 but still , i kept forging things , hoping that some sort of inspiration would strike and i 'd finally know what to make , what to do to escape my past mistakes , and move forward . 
 phillip started slashing the knife through the air , as though he was thinking about keeping it for himself . 
 `` give me that , '' i growled . 
 i grabbed the knife , put it back into the case , and closed the top . 
 `` did i ever tell you that you 're no fun ? '' 
 phillip pouted . 
 `` frequently . '' 
 i dug through the trunk until i came up with another , slightly smaller hammer . 
 `` here . 
 use this . 
 if you still remember how . '' 
 he twirled the hammer in his hands , with the same sort of familiar ease that i had . 
 `` oh , i remember . 
 i could never forget all the blisters , burns , and sore muscles i got from cooper 's forge . '' 
 back when we were younger and living on the streets , cooper had taken us both in , along with eva . 
 phillip had spent almost as many hours working in cooper 's forge as i had , even though he 'd been a scrawny kid back then . 
 but now he was even stronger than i was . 
 he 'd have no problems using that hammer to pound his way through whoever got in his way . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` now we find gin 's car . 
 if they tracked her here , then they probably know what her car looks like and where she parked it . 
 since stuart struck out in the club , they 'll probably try to take her out in the parking lot . '' 
 `` so that 's why you asked xavier to throw them out of the club , '' phillip murmured . 
 `` and here i thought you were just another ugly face . '' 
 `` come on , '' i said , slamming the lid down on the trunk . 
 `` before i show you just how ugly i can be . '' 
 * * * we walked through the rows of cars , looking for gin 's vehicle , but i did n't see it . 
 then again , there were so many cars crammed into the lot that i could have searched for an hour and not come across it . 
 `` maybe they came in bria 's car , '' phillip said when we reached the end of another row . 
 `` or one of finnegan lane 's . 
 i hear that he has quite the collection of vehicles . '' 
 `` he does , '' i replied in an absent voice , growing more and more frustrated . 
 phillip poked me in the shoulder . 
 `` hey , is that your guy ? '' 
 sure enough , stuart stepped out of the club . 
 rather , he was hustled out by xavier , who had one of stuart 's arms pinned behind his back . 
 `` c'mon , man , '' stuart whined . 
 `` i was just having a little fun . '' 
 `` well , go have your fun somewhere else . 
 remember what i told you , stuart , '' xavier growled , his voice carrying all the way over to us . 
 `` you 're banned from the club for a month . 
 and a month means a whole month , not a lousy couple of days . 
 now , get lost before i give you the beating that you so richly deserve . '' 
 xavier gave him a sharp push , and stuart stumbled forward five feet before catching his balance . 
 he clenched his hands into fists and whirled around as though he was thinking about charging xavier . 
 but xavier crossed his arms over his broad chest and stared the other giant down , daring stuart to come at him . 
 stuart must have thought better of things , because he brushed a bit of imaginary dirt off one of the sleeves of his blue t-shirt . 
 `` whatever . 
 i do n't need this stupid club anyway , '' stuart said . 
 `` chicks love me . 
 love me , i tell you ! '' 
 a few snickers sounded from the folks standing in line . 
 stuart turned his angry gaze to them , and suddenly , everyone was very interested in their phones , cigarettes , and conversations once more . 
 stuart started muttering to himself , but he headed toward the parking lot , moving parallel to where phillip and i were standing . 
 phillip started to follow him , but i grabbed his arm . 
 `` wait , '' i said . 
 `` there 's another guy with him . '' 
 sure enough , a minute later , richie ambled out of the club , his hands stuck in the front pockets of his khakis like he was just out for an innocent stroll . 
 the dwarf must have somehow sneaked past xavier inside , or maybe he 'd realized that stuart was about to get tossed out . 
 either way , it did n't matter , because he was outside now - where i could deal with him . 
 richie looked left and right . 
 he spotted stuart marching through the parking lot and headed in that direction , still keeping his slow , steady pace , as if he was n't on his way to murder a woman . 
 phillip let out a low whistle . 
 `` that 's who 's after gin ? 
 no wonder you were worried . '' 
 `` why ? 
 do you know him ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 that 's richie richardson . 
 he 's a nasty bit of work . 
 basically , a pair of fists for hire . 
 strong , even for a dwarf , and he does n't mind getting his hands dirty . 
 he rather enjoys it , actually . '' 
 i thought of how chillingly empty richie 's eyes had been when he 'd been talking about killing gin . 
 `` yeah , i can see that . 
 does he have any elemental magic ? '' 
 phillip shook his head . 
 `` none that i know of , but that does n't mean much . '' 
 no , it did n't . 
 some elementals almost constantly gave off waves of power that other elementals around them could sense - gusts of air , hot , invisible sparks of fire , and the like . 
 but there were others , like gin , whose power was completely self-contained , and you did n't realize that they had ice or stone magic until they frosted or buried you with it . 
 i tightened my grip on my hammer . 
 `` come on , '' i said . 
 `` let 's see where they 're headed . '' 
 * * * richie trailed after stuart , and phillip and i followed both of them . 
 stuart walked all the way to the end of the parking lot and kept going , heading down one of the streets that ran past the nightclub . 
 finally , he stopped in front of an aston martin with the license plate finnstoy . 
 so gin and bria had driven here in one of finn 's vehicles after all . 
 i should have known that gin would park way out here instead of in a closer lot . 
 that way , if someone did jump her , there was less chance of anyone hearing them scream when she took them out with her knives or some innocent bystander becoming collateral damage in the heat of the fight . 
 not to mention that the trees lining the street cast dark shadows and that there were a couple of dumpsters in a nearby alley that would be the perfect place to hide a body or two . 
 gin might be an assassin , but she had her own set of rules , ones that i admired . 
 she was the most dangerous person i 'd ever known , but she was also one of the most honest , decent , and fair . 
 she did n't go out of her way to hurt people - not unless they hurt her first . 
 stuart finally stopped in front of finn 's car and started pacing back and forth . 
 richie ambled over to him . 
 phillip and i crouched down behind another car a little farther up the street so they would n't spot us . 
 stuart realized that richie had finally caught up to him . 
 he turned to face the dwarf and threw his hands up into the air . 
 `` what the hell was that ? 
 why did n't you help me with that stupid bouncer ? 
 we could have taken him out together . '' 
 richie leaned back against the hood of finn 's car . 
 `` and drawn even more attention to ourselves ? 
 i do n't think so , you idiot . 
 i ca n't believe that you did n't tell me that you were n't supposed to even be in the club to begin with . 
 you almost ruined everything . 
 you 're lucky that blanco is so dangerous , or i 'd kill you where you stand for jeopardizing my payday like this . '' 
 the dwarf 's voice was calm , but stuart heard the promise of violence in richie 's words as well as i did . 
 the giant held up his hands in a placating gesture . 
 `` hey , hey , hey . 
 let 's not talk crazy , now . 
 you need me , remember ? 
 that 's why you called and asked me to come back from cypress mountain for this gig . '' 
 richie gave him a flat look . 
 `` i seriously doubt that , but since you 're here , i might as well use you . '' 
 stuart tried to smile at the other man , but he could n't quite pull it off . 
 `` yep . 
 'cause that 's what i 'm here for , to help you kill the spider so we can both get paid . 
 now , how do you want to do this ? '' 
 `` we stick to the plan , '' richie said . 
 `` you confront her and get her attention . 
 then i 'll come up on her blind side and finish her off . '' 
 stuart nodded and started swinging his arms back and forth in preparation , his movements so exaggerated that he looked like he was auditioning for some cheesy workout video . 
 all he needed was a sweaty headband to match his t-shirt . 
 richie shook his head , pushed away from the car , and disappeared behind one of the dumpsters in the alley . 
 `` that idiot , '' phillip murmured , staring at the giant . 
 `` gin will have her knife stuck in his gut before he realizes what 's happening . '' 
 `` yeah , which will leave richie free to attack her while she 's distracted . 
 he might just succeed too . 
 if gin kills stuart , and richie kills gin , well , then he does n't have to share his payment , now , does he ? '' 
 phillip grinned . 
 `` you got ta admit that it 's not a bad plan . '' 
 `` no , but we 're going to stop it all the same . '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 `` i say we use their own plan against them . 
 you go over and talk to stuart . 
 when richie comes out to send you on your way , we 'll take them both out . 
 it 'll be just like when we were kids , taking on someone bigger and stronger than us . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` but why do i have to be the bait ? 
 i was always the bait . '' 
 `` because you 're so very good at it , '' i said , grinning . 
 phillip grumbled a little , but he got to his feet . 
 he held his hammer down and behind his right leg , mostly out of sight , and walked toward stuart . 
 the giant was peering at his reflection in the car 's side mirror instead of keeping an eye out for gin . 
 apparently , xavier had mussed up his hair when he 'd thrown him out of the club , because stuart was carefully combing his locks back into place once more . 
 but he put the comb away and jerked up to his full height at the sight of phillip coming toward him . 
 stuart eyed phillip with suspicion - and jealousy . 
 phillip was another pretty boy , only with the mettle to back up his easy swagger . 
 phillip stopped in front of the giant , still holding the hammer down by his side . 
 stuart was too busy eyeing phillip 's perfect golden ponytail to notice the weapon . 
 `` you want something ? '' 
 the giant finally growled . 
 `` you need to take a hike , '' phillip said . 
 `` i know what you 're here for , and i 'm telling you to forget it . 
 i 'm the only person killing gin blanco tonight . '' 
 stuart blinked . 
 his blue eyes flicked to where richie was still hiding behind the dumpster . 
 he waited a moment , but the dwarf did n't appear , so stuart let out a weak laugh and opened his mouth . 
 `` do n't bother denying it . '' 
 phillip cut in , and jerked his thumb over his shoulder . 
 `` am-scray , pal . 
 before i hurt you a lot worse than that bouncer did . '' 
 anger sparked in stuart 's gaze , and he looked at phillip , taking in his muscled chest and solid body . 
 after a moment , he snorted . 
 `` you ? 
 take me out ? 
 i do n't think so , pal . 
 i 'm a giant , in case you have n't noticed . 
 and you 're not . '' 
 phillip grinned . 
 `` actually , i do n't know what i am . 
 giant , dwarf , human , maybe a mix of all three . 
 but that wo n't stop me from kicking your ass . 
 this is your last chance to walk away . 
 i suggest that you take it . '' 
 `` forget it . '' 
 stuart poked his finger in phillip 's chest . 
 `` i suggest that you walk away before i kick your ass all the way up and down this street . '' 
 phillip poked stuart right back , making the giant take a step back . 
 meanwhile , richie slid out of the shadows and started sneaking up on phillip 's blind side . 
 the dwarf was moving more quickly than i thought he would , and i realized that i would n't get to my friend in time to keep him from getting hit . 
 `` phillip ! '' 
 i yelled , even as i started to run toward him . 
 `` behind you ! '' 
 phillip hunched down just as stuart took a swing at him . 
 he easily managed to avoid the giant 's blow , but richie raced up behind him and planted his fist in phillip 's kidneys . 
 phillip grunted and swung back with the hammer he was still holding , causing the dwarf to jump away from him . 
 as soon as phillip drew the hammer back for another swing , richie darted forward again , driving his fists into phillip 's side and making him stumble forward into stuart . 
 the two men went down on the ground beside the car . 
 richie started to draw his foot back to level a vicious kick at phillip , but the dwarf 's head turned at the sound of my footsteps pounding against the pavement . 
 he whirled around as i charged at him . 
 `` nobody gets in the way of one of my jobs , '' richie hissed . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' i hissed back at him . 
 i raised my hammer and brought it down as hard as i could , trying to cave in his skull with one brutal blow . 
 but richie snapped his arm up and caught the weapon in his beefy hand . 
 he smirked at me . 
 `` now whatcha going to do , tough guy ? '' 
 i slammed my fist into his face . 
 i was n't as strong as the dwarf , but i could throw a decent punch . 
 the blow made richie stagger back , although he managed to jerk my hammer out of my hand and take it with him . 
 the weapon slid out of his fingers and clattered to the ground , sliding to a stop beside the car . 
 meanwhile , phillip struggled with stuart , the two men exchanging vicious punches and rolling around on all the oil , dirt , and mud gathered on the pavement . 
 `` not my shirt ! '' 
 stuart wailed . 
 `` this is my lucky t-shirt ! '' 
 `` shut up , '' phillip muttered , and punched him in the face again . 
 in front of me , richie regained his balance and brought a hand up to his lip , which was bleeding . 
 he spat out a mouthful of blood and raised his murderous gaze to me once more . 
 `` you made me bleed . 
 you 're going to pay for that . '' 
 i flexed my fingers . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 richie charged at me , and i stepped up to meet him . 
 smack ! 
 smack ! 
 smack ! 
 smack ! 
 we exchanged punch after punch after punch . 
 richie led with a glancing blow to my chin . 
 i landed a solid one-two combo to his chest . 
 he retaliated by driving his fist into my stomach . 
 it was the last blow that made me double over and gasp for air . 
 i 'd been punched by a dwarf before , but phillip had been right when he 'd said that richie was stronger than most of his kind . 
 it felt like someone had dropped a lead anvil on my stomach . 
 but richie was n't done with me . 
 the dwarf surged forward , dug his fingers into my hair , yanked my head back , and punched me in the face . 
 he hit me again and again , until the world spun around and around , and white stars exploded over and over in my field of vision . 
 i was aware of my legs sliding out from under me and my ass hitting the pavement . 
 `` owen ! '' 
 i thought i heard phillip yell my name , but i was n't sure , given the way my ears were ringing right now . 
 one thing that i did know , i had to find some way to fend off richie , or the dwarf would beat me to death . 
 richie drew back his leg . 
 i jerked to one side , and his foot slammed into the driver 's door of finn 's car , leaving a dent . 
 the dwarf cursed and hopped around , howling with pain . 
 i got up on my hands and knees and started crawling away from him - my fingers brushed something hard and metal lying on the ground , and i felt a wave of magic flowing into me . 
 i focused on the cold , hard , unyielding feel of my own power , and the soft , soothing whispers of the silverstone . 
 after a moment , my vision fully cleared , and i felt stronger than before - a hand dug into my shoulder and threw me against the side of the car . 
 i slumped back down on my ass , although this time , i managed to hang on to my hammer . 
 my hand closed around the handle , and my fingers slid into the worn , smooth , familiar groove . 
 `` time to die , '' richie hissed , his mouth curving up into a bloody smile . 
 i waited until he leaned down to punch me , then i raised up the hammer and hit him in the head with it as hard as i could . 
 crack . 
 all the movement in richie 's body just stopped , like a toy that had had its battery ripped out . 
 i pulled the hammer out of the dent it had made in his skull , and the dwarf pitched forward without another sound , his blood spattering all over me and his body sprawling across mine . 
 i shoved him away and slowly got to my feet . 
 a few feet away , phillip was raising his own hammer high and bringing it down on stuart 's throat . 
 he did n't need my help . 
 he rarely had , even when we were kids . 
 i looked at the bloody end of the weapon in my hand . 
 maybe i should make gin a hammer instead of another set of knives - clack-clack-clack-clack . 
 it took me a moment to realize that someone was running toward me in what sounded like a pair of high heels . 
 i whipped around , and then i wished that i had n't , as the movement made my skull start pounding even worse than before . 
 `` gin ? '' 
 i mumbled , wondering if she 'd somehow seen the fight and come to help . 
 but it was n't gin who was racing toward me . 
 it was sierra , the waitress . 
 she stopped right in front of me . 
 since i 'd last seen her on the dance floor , she 'd put a red leather jacket on over her black bustier , and a matching red purse dangled off her right shoulder . 
 i frowned , wondering if maybe my vision was n't quite as clear as i thought it was . 
 `` sierra ? 
 what are you doing here - '' `` hi , sugar , '' she drawled . 
 sierra smiled , pulled a stun gun out of her purse , shoved it into my chest , and hit me with it . 
 chapter 6 the volts of electricity pumping through my chest made every single nerve ending in my body flare to life and explode with pain . 
 i opened my mouth to scream , but no sound came out . 
 instead , my legs went out from under me again , and i slumped to the ground , my muscles jumping and twitching with spasms . 
 it was all i could do to hold on to my hammer , but i knew that if i let go of it , i was dead . 
 sierra smiled , leaned down , and hit me with the stun gun again . 
 my head arched back , and i could feel every tendon in my neck , shoulders , and chest straining against the electricity surging through my body . 
 once again , i opened my mouth to scream but could n't get a sound out . 
 every wave of electricity felt like ropes of fire curling tighter and tighter around my body . 
 sierra finally pulled the stun gun away from my chest , and i slumped against the side of the car , all the fight fried right out of me . 
 sweat ran down my face , the salt of it stinging my eyes , and i struggled to blink away the moisture and push down the pain pulsing through my body . 
 i was dimly aware of phillip still struggling with stuart off to my left . 
 it sounded like the giant had had a little more life left in him than i 'd thought . 
 `` geez , '' sierra muttered , staring at richie , who was still lying on the pavement where he 'd fallen . 
 `` you really did a number on him , did n't you ? '' 
 she dug the sharp toe of her red stiletto into the dwarf 's side , but of course , richie did n't move . 
 he was much too dead for that . 
 `` who ... are ... you ? '' 
 i finally managed to rasp . 
 she bent down so she could look into my eyes . 
 `` i 'm the woman who 's going to kill the high and mighty spider - not you and your buddy there . 
 i knew that you were up to something . 
 you were showing way too much interest in her inside the club . 
 tell me , did they hire you to take out blanco too ? 
 as a backup team in case i failed ? '' 
 they ? 
 who were they ? 
 who had hired sierra to kill gin ? 
 `` i do n't know ... what you 're ... talking about , '' i said , my voice still low , strained , and hoarse . 
 sierra narrowed her hazel eyes , as if she did n't believe me . 
 she started to hit me with the stun gun a third time , but her cold gaze flicked to phillip . 
 he must have been close to finishing off stuart , because sierra straightened up . 
 `` ah , well . 
 you want something done right ... '' her voice trailed off , and she gave me another predatory smile . 
 `` now , at least , i do n't have to split the money with those two idiots . 
 not that i planned on doing that anyway . 
 while blanco was killing them , i was going to take her out . '' 
 so sierra had planned for the two men to be a distraction while she snuck up on gin , just like richie had been going to do to stuart . 
 `` of course , now i 'll have to add you and your friend to the body count . '' 
 sierra shrugged . 
 `` but that 's something else that i do n't have a problem with . '' 
 she reached into her purse , pulled out a revolver , and pointed it in phillip 's direction . 
 even though my fingers were still twitching , i managed to tighten them around the grip of my hammer . 
 once again , i felt a wave of my own power flow from the metal to my body , easing some of my aches and pains . 
 i grabbed hold of that cold , hard , unyielding sensation and let it center me . 
 then i raised the hammer and smashed it into sierra 's right knee as hard as i could . 
 it was n't the mightiest blow i 'd ever landed , but it was certainly effective , and i felt her bones crunch underneath the head of the hammer . 
 she screamed with pain , but she did n't go down , so i raised the hammer again and slammed it into the top of her foot . 
 she screamed again , higher and louder this time , and staggered back . 
 one of her heels caught in a pit in the pavement and snapped , sending sierra 's legs flying out from under her . 
 crack . 
 her head hit the ground at an awkward angle , and just like with richie , all the movement in her body simply stopped . 
 her mouth gaped open , but nothing came out except a bit of blood , darker than the crimson lipstick that she wore . 
 more and more of it began to pool on the pavement under her head , and i knew that she was dead . 
 i let out a breath and finally released my hammer . 
 the weapon clattered to the ground , but i could hear the metal murmuring , this time with pride . 
 it always enjoyed hitting things , no matter what they were . 
 `` owen ! '' 
 i blinked , and suddenly , phillip was crouching down in front of me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked , his blue eyes full of concern . 
 i grimaced . 
 `` i 'll live . 
 i think . '' 
 phillip helped me up . 
 my muscles still jerked and burned with electricity , but i managed to stay upright . 
 he stared down at sierra . 
 `` she really did n't want to take no for an answer , did she ? '' 
 `` only you could make a bad joke like that at a time like this . '' 
 phillip grinned a moment , but then his face turned serious . 
 `` who do you think she was ? '' 
 i shrugged and immediately wished i had n't , as the small motion sent more ribbons of fire racing through my body . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she said that she was here to kill gin . 
 she thought that whoever had hired her had hired us too , in case she and her men could n't get the job done . '' 
 phillip bent down and rifled through her purse . 
 `` no id on her but plenty of weapons . 
 there 's a knife in here , along with some garroting wire . '' 
 he let out a low whistle and held out a piece of paper so i could see it . 
 the words one million were scribbled on it , probably the amount that sierra was supposed to get paid , along with three letters : m.m.m. `` do you think that 's who hired her ? '' 
 phillip asked . 
 `` because we both know of someone with the same three initials . '' 
 along with everything else that had gone down at the briartop museum , gin had also discovered that mab had left her estate to some long-lost relative , m. m. monroe . 
 so far , gin had n't been able to find out anything about this mysterious monroe , not so much as his or her full name . 
 but it looked like this person knew all about gin - and that worried me . 
 i took the note from him and slid it into my pants pocket . 
 i 'd think about it later . 
 right now , we had more pressing concerns . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 phillip asked . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 now we get rid of the bodies . '' 
 he sighed and shook his head . 
 `` i think you 've been spending way too much time around gin . 
 we go out for a simple guys ' night on the town , and you end up dropping three bodies in the nightclub parking lot . 
 you 're picking up her bad habits . '' 
 a wry grin pulled up my lips . 
 `` but it was fun , right ? 
 just like old times , when we 'd get into some street fight with a couple of gangbangers who thought that they were tougher and smarter than we were . '' 
 phillip snorted . 
 `` yeah , except this time , you got electrocuted , and i got a couple of bruised ribs . '' 
 `` well , i 'd say that 's a big improvement , since we used to get the snot beat out of us , '' i said . 
 `` is n't progress grand ? '' 
 phillip snorted again , but the smile on his face matched the one on mine . 
 * * * we started with stuart , since he was the largest . 
 phillip took his shoulders , while i grabbed his ankles . 
 together , we moved the giant out of the street , across the sidewalk , and into the shadows that spilled out of the alley where the dumpsters were . 
 then we hurried to do the same thing with richie and sierra . 
 we 'd just laid sierra on the ground beside the giant and the dwarf when footsteps sounded . 
 phillip and i looked at each other , then both crouched down behind the closest dumpster - something else that was eerily familiar from our time on the streets . 
 the footsteps grew louder , and a moment later , gin strode into view , with bria walking beside her . 
 bria was chatting about something , holding her hands out as she walked and talked , but gin was much more wary . 
 her eyes never stopped moving from shadow to shadow , and i could tell that she was only listening to bria with half an ear . 
 gin knew that this would be a great place for someone to try to ambush the spider , and she was ready for whatever danger might be lurking in the shadows . 
 but i 'd already done the dirty work for her tonight . 
 gin and bria stopped a safe distance away from finn 's car . 
 gin remotely unlocked the doors and started the engine . 
 then the sisters waited , in case someone had planted a bomb on the car while they 'd been inside the club . 
 it broke my heart that gin had to take such elaborate precautions , that she had to be so vigilant all the time , even when she was just out trying to have a drink with her sister . 
 but it was part of her being the spider now , and it probably always would be . 
 a minute passed , and the engine rumbled along smoothly . 
 bria headed over to the passenger 's side to get in , while gin went over to the driver 's door . 
 she reached for the handle but then stopped . 
 gin frowned , bent down , and touched part of the pavement next to the car . 
 then she brought her fingers up into the light . 
 i could see the blood shining on them from here . 
 i bit back a curse . 
 we 'd moved the bodies out of sight , but i had n't thought to clean up all of the blood on the pavement . 
 maybe i had n't spent enough time with gin after all . 
 or with sophia deveraux , the dwarf who got rid of some of the bodies that gin left behind . 
 gin frowned as she studied the blood on her fingers , and then her gaze flicked to the door in front of her - and the dent in it , the one that richie had put there with his foot . 
 her frown deepened , and she slowly turned her head left and right , peering into every shadow on the street , including the one that phillip and i were crouched in . 
 i thought about rising to my feet , calling out to her , and explaining what had happened , but in the end , i stayed where i was , hidden in the shadows . 
 gin looked past us once , but her gaze drifted back to our location , and her eyes narrowed as she tried to see into the darkness . 
 phillip started to show himself to her , but i put my hand on his shoulder , silently telling him to stay where he was . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 bria 's voice drifted over to me . 
 after a moment , gin rose to her feet and shook her head . 
 she pulled a tissue out of her jacket pocket and used it to wipe the blood off her fingers . 
 `` nah . 
 nothing important . 
 looks like somebody dinged finn 's car . 
 probably some fight gone wrong . '' 
 bria sighed . 
 `` great . 
 he 'll never let us hear the end of that . '' 
 `` i know , '' gin replied , stuffing the tissue back into her pocket . 
 `` and that 's why we 're not going to tell him about it until at least tomorrow morning . 
 now , let 's get out of here . '' 
 they both got into the car , and gin drove off . 
 i waited until the car 's taillights had disappeared into the night before i got to my feet and stepped back out into the street . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 phillip asked . 
 `` why did n't you go over and tell her what happened ? 
 i felt like a teenager again , hiding in the bushes outside my girlfriend 's house , hoping that her dad would n't come and knock me around . '' 
 `` i did n't want to ruin her night , '' i said in a soft voice . 
 `` how would this ruin her night ? 
 you killed the bad guys for her . 
 she did n't even have to get her knives bloody . 
 we did all the work . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 phillip did n't understand how tired gin was of being everyone 's target , but i did . 
 she deserved at least one night where she did n't have to worry about blood , bad guys , and bodies , and i was determined to give it to her . 
 `` besides , '' phillip continued , `` as far as grand romantic gestures go , i ca n't think of a better one for an assassin than a couple of dead bodies . '' 
 `` what happened to all your talk about flowers , candy , and jewelry ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` like you pointed out , gin 's not exactly that kind of woman . '' 
 i stared down the street at the corner where finn 's car had disappeared . 
 `` no , she 's not . 
 now , come on . 
 help me finish getting rid of the bodies . '' 
 * * * by the time phillip and i had heaved the bodies into the dumpsters , wiped some of the blood and dirt of the fight off us , and gone back inside the club to tell xavier that sierra was n't quite what she seemed , it was after midnight . 
 xavier took us back to roslyn 's office , where she looked through some records . 
 it turned out that sierra had only been working at the club a few days , probably just as a cover job . 
 roslyn and xavier promised to find out what they could about sierra , but i doubted that they 'd come up with much . 
 northern aggression was n't exactly the kind of place that was conducive to truth telling , either by the patrons or by the employees . 
 phillip and i left the club , got into my car , and drove over to the delta queen , which was docked downtown on the aneirin river . 
 the casino was closed for the night , and the strings of lights that swooped down from one deck to another were all dark , although the whitewashed wood and brass railing still glimmered in the moonlight . 
 phillip got out of the car and came around to my side . 
 i rolled down the driver 's window , and he propped his forearms on the frame . 
 `` well , '' he drawled , staring down at the blood spatters on his jacket sleeves . 
 `` i suppose that this suit is officially ruined . '' 
 mud , blood , and grime covered just about every inch of his white suit . 
 wisps of blond hair had escaped his ponytail , dirt smudged his chin , and the left side of his face had already started to bruise and puff up from where the giant had hit him . 
 phillip looked terrible , and it was my fault - again . 
 he 'd taken a beating because of my desire to protect gin , and we were both extremely lucky that things had n't been a whole lot worse . 
 guilt surged through me , but i made my voice light . 
 `` well , feel free to send me the dry-cleaning bill , '' i said , trying to make a joke . 
 `` oh , i intend to . '' 
 his face was dead serious . 
 i winced . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have dragged you into the middle of my fight like that . 
 next time , maybe we 'll have a better guys ' night out . 
 or at least a less violent one . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' he drawled . 
 `` you . 
 me . 
 out on the street . 
 facing down some punks and getting the best of them . 
 you were right . 
 it was just like old times - good times . '' 
 his face creased into a wide smile , his blue eyes bright with victory . 
 for a moment , it was like the years melted away , and i saw the scrawny kid he had once been , grinning like a fool because he 'd managed to steal a couple of apples for him , eva , and me to eat . 
 my chest tightened , the sensation even more painful than when sierra used her stun gun on me . 
 it had been so long since i 'd seen him smile like that . 
 it had been so long since he 'd looked at me like that , without a trace of anger , hurt , or bitterness marring his features . 
 phillip had been my best friend , the person i depended on more than anyone else , but i 'd thrown that all away when i 'd believed salina and her lies over him . 
 once again , i cursed my own foolishness , and i could n't get rid of the hollow ache in my chest either . 
 because as the weeks had passed , and i got more perspective about salina and all the horrible things that she 'd done , i 'd realized something else . 
 salina had n't just cost me my friendship with phillip - she 'd also stolen my time with him . 
 phillip and i had been estranged for years because of her , and cooper and i had n't fared much better , at least not after salina had first left ashland . 
 i 'd missed out on so much with them . 
 phillip growing up and making a name for himself as the owner of the delta queen . 
 cooper and all of his blacksmith projects . 
 not to mention eva and all of the happy , sweet childhood innocence that salina had taken from her . 
 it made me sick , thinking about all of those wasted years , all that precious time that i could have spent with people who truly cared about me . 
 but instead , i 'd squandered it by wondering where salina had gone and why . 
 and now the same thing was happening with gin . 
 the days were turning into weeks , and i was still no closer to figuring out how to set things right between the two of us than i had been the night that salina had died - `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 phillip asked , interrupting my thoughts . 
 `` you look so serious all of a sudden . '' 
 i stared at him , and once again , i thought of all the quiet moments like this one that i 'd lost with him because of salina and her lies . 
 and in that second , i vowed that it was n't going to happen again . 
 not with phillip , cooper , or eva - and not with gin either . 
 salina had already taken so much from me . 
 she was n't getting anything else . 
 not one more damn second of my time . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 i made myself smile at him , as though i had nothing important on my mind . 
 `` i was just wondering how you 're going to make me pay for this later . '' 
 `` we 'll start with a new suit . '' 
 phillip grinned again . 
 `` although i 'm sure that i can come up with some other acts of contrition that you can complete to atone for your sins . 
 tell you what . 
 come by tomorrow for lunch , and i 'll tell you what you can do to complete your penance . '' 
 if only he knew that was exactly what i was planning on doing . 
 making it up to him . 
 making things up to everyone . 
 cooper , eva , gin . 
 i could n't undo what salina had done . 
 but i could sure as shooting try my best to let them know how sorry i was for everything that had happened - and how much i loved them . 
 especially gin . 
 `` owen ? '' 
 phillip said . 
 `` there you go , looking all serious again . '' 
 i gave him the same saucy wink he 'd been using on all the women at the club tonight . 
 `` it 's a date . 
 see you then . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's so sad that you have no game . 
 that 's something else we 'll have to talk about tomorrow . 
 later . '' 
 he gave me a much saucier wink , then straightened up and waved at me before walking up the gangplank and disappearing from view . 
 i put the car in gear and drove away from the riverboat , thinking about everything that had happened tonight . 
 talking with phillip , laughing with him , fighting side-by-side with him . 
 for the first time since we 'd reconnected , it felt almost ... natural . 
 like we were finally starting to get back to where we 'd once been as friends . 
 my lips pulled up into another smile . 
 good times , indeed . 
 and i hoped there were many more to come . 
 * * * i drove home . 
 eva was spending the night with violet fox , her best friend , so the mansion was dark and quiet when i went inside . 
 i took a long , hot shower to wash richie 's and sierra 's blood off me , then changed into a t-shirt and some jeans , along with a pair of boots and some heavy blue coveralls . 
 i also retrieved the hammers from the trunk and cleaned the blood off them . 
 even though it was after two in the morning now , i felt energized - galvanized , even - so i grabbed my hammer and went to my forge . 
 two stone walls held up the pointed slate roof , but the other two sides were open so the air could flow inside and fuel the fire . 
 it was n't as large as cooper 's forge - not even close - but it was mine , my own space for me to do my own work . 
 i flipped the lights on and got started . 
 it did n't take me long to light the fire , arrange my tools , and select a piece of iron to work with . 
 in fact , i found comfort in the familiar routines , just like gin did with her cooking . 
 once the iron was properly heated , i picked up my hammer and reached for my magic , feeling the cold , hard power rising up out of the pit of my stomach , flowing through my shoulders , down my arms , through my hands , and all the way into my fingertips . 
 the hot iron began to whisper in anticipation of how i might shape it , while the other bits of metal in the forge chimed in , wondering what i was going to do next . 
 i drew in a breath , really focusing in on my magic and gathering up more and more of it . 
 the whispers of the metal intensified ; it knew what was coming next . 
 when i had a firm grip on my magic , i slowly channeled it into my hammer , until the silverstone was humming with raw power - just like i was . 
 then i brought the hammer down . 
 i hit the iron time and time again , making sparks erupt and zing through the air like fat red bumblebees before the sticky humidity of the night snuffed them out . 
 i ignored the sparks and focused on the metal , until i could feel each and every bit of the iron , down to the smallest shaving . 
 then i started whispering back to the metal , not with actual words but instead with my magic , coaxing it , molding it , sculpting it into the exact shape that i wanted . 
 a couple of hours later , when i was finished , i looked down at the piece i 'd created , examining it from every angle . 
 it was good , certainly better than my other attempts to make this particular shape , but i could do better still . 
 i would do better - for gin . 
 because she deserved the absolute best in all things , but especially from me . 
 i knew what i wanted to do with the shape now , what form i wanted it to take . 
 phillip had actually given me the idea , with all his talk of flowers , candy , and jewelry tonight . 
 i just hoped that the finished piece would be as meaningful to gin as it was to me . 
 either way , i 'd spend the next few weeks , maybe even the next few months , working on it . 
 sketching and resketching . 
 shaping and reshaping . 
 forging and reforging until the piece was the best that it could be . 
 for her , for gin . 
 the woman i loved , the one i was determined to win back . 
 oh , i knew that i did n't deserve a second chance with her . 
 not really , not after everything that i 'd done , not after all the ways that i 'd hurt her . 
 but damned if i did n't want one anyway . 
 maybe that was selfish of me . 
 maybe gin would reject me outright . 
 maybe she 'd say that too much had happened and we could never get back what i 'd made us lose . 
 if so , i would n't like it , but i 'd live with it . 
 just like i 'd live with the memories of what salina had done and how i 'd failed to stop her . 
 jillian 's death . 
 and all the other things that haunted me these days . 
 but penance was about atoning for your sins and trying to make things right . 
 that was all that i could do . 
 i just hoped that it would be enough for everyone - phillip , cooper , eva , and especially gin . 
 i reached up and grabbed the horseshoe that i 'd hung over the entrance for luck when i 'd first built the forge years ago . 
 i replaced the horseshoe with the piece that i 'd made tonight , stepped back , and admired it . 
 a small circle surrounded by eight thin rays . 
 such a simple shape but so powerful at the same time . 
 it looked good hanging there , just like i 'd known it would . 
 satisfied , for tonight at least , i made sure that the fire was cold , turned out the lights , and left the forge . 
 i reached the back door of the house and glanced over my shoulder . 
 in the distance , moonlight bathed the forge in a soft , silvery light , making gin 's spider rune wink at me from its new perch . 
 i grinned , winked back , then headed inside to bed . 
 my penance had started . 
