 magic bites i was in unicorn lane at night . 
 a bad time to be in a bad place . 
 anything can happen there , but it 's never something good . 
 no one was in charge of unicorn lane . 
 none of atlanta 's many supernatural factions could claim dominion over it . 
 it was populated by those once human and those who had never been , and they hid in the dark ruins , feeding on each other and making visitors unwelcome . 
 thus the unicorn lane is recognized by all as neutral territory , a no-man 's land you entered at your own risk . 
 the scared hovered at the edge the stupid died not far from it . 
 i was here to meet someone , and if she made it far enough to find me , i would know she was neither . 
 i leaned back , feeling the cold stone of the abandoned building with my spine . 
 moonlight seeped through the holes in the roof , illuminating a gap in the wall . 
 she would come through there . 
 the night shadows hid me , so i 'd have plenty of time to look her over . 
 the unicorn lay quiet . 
 the night is never truly silent , but right now the monsters minded their manners . 
 none of them knew why i was here , but all of them recognized they did n't want to be the reason for my visit . 
 what i did know of the merc came from jim , my chief of security . 
 he 'd worked with her in the mercenary guild . 
 that gave me pause . 
 jim was a cat and preferred the solitary hunt . 
 it was rare for him to let anyone outside the pack watch his back . 
 he said she was fast , for a human , and good with a blade . 
 he also said she had a big mouth and fought when she should run . 
 none of this endeared her to me . 
 mercs were bottom feeders . 
 no honor , no integrity , no loyalty . 
 they did n't stand for anything . 
 i was n't in the habit of personally meeting low life thugs who wanted to be tough guys . 
 i had people for that . 
 however , i was willing to take a chance this time , since jim had vouched for her . 
 he 'd seen her come out of situations that should have ended her . 
 jim did n't believe all of her cards were on that table . 
 she was likely hiding strong magic , which meant she came with baggage . 
 that was fine if it made her useful . 
 something was hunting my people , the free people of atlanta . 
 we had the best trackers in the city , but we had yet to catch it . 
 normally we solved our own problems . 
 we kept it in the family . 
 humans saw us as freaks , and i saw no need to give them more ammunition . 
 but the murders had been too numerous and some of the vampires were destroyed as well , no big loss , and the order of merciful aid got involved . 
 the only human i trusted in that organization of fanatics , a knight diviner of the order , had been investigating the case and killed for it , presumably by the same creature . 
 i have little love and less use for humans , but greg feldman had died helping us and that counted for something . 
 incredibly this merc was his estranged ward and had inherited the case along with a temporary position with the order . 
 i would find this thing that murdered my people . 
 i would stand over it and taste his blood as the light faded from its eyes . 
 nothing would change that . 
 but with order 's help , i would find it faster . 
 if greg 's ward was looking for revenge , all the better . 
 it would mean she was willing to take risks that could help me get my teeth on this creature 's throat . 
 i smelled her , before i heard her approach jim outside . 
 the night wind brought a mixture of scents to my tongue . 
 leather - old boots . 
 a touch of sweat , clean and unmistakably feminine . 
 a mix of rosemary , chamomile , lavender - shampoo , an herbal fragrance foreign to this dank and moldy place , nice . 
 a very faint trace of cloves and steel - oil for the sword . 
 she was quiet , nearly soundless for a human . 
 interesting . 
 what was she ? 
 finally the faint sound of a step . 
 come closer , little mouse , you 're almost there . 
 the night shadows swallowed me . 
 she would come in right across from me - it was the only way - and i would see her before she saw me , if i choose to let myself be seen . 
 perhaps if she looked as good as she smelled i would give her that privilege . 
 a slight scratch of a foot sliding on stone . 
 i leaned forward to get a better look . 
 moonlight from gaps in the ceiling illuminated the scene as she put first a foot through the gap . 
 she came in sideways , slowly and carefully , carrying a sword . 
 an odd looking blade , pale . 
 she held it like she what she was doing , but her faith in its ability to protect her was misplaced . 
 the tips of my claws itched the inside of my skin , wanting to come out . 
 she had one sword , but i had ten claws . 
 she scanned the area , stopped to listen , then moved forward stealthily like a dancer , hiding in the nearest shadow before i caught a glimpse of her face . 
 the draft brought another whiff of her scent . 
 she paused and i knew she was peering into the gloom , vainly trying to find me . 
 i liked the way she moved , balanced and light , neither tiptoeing nor stiff . 
 nice body . 
 come to me mouse , do n't be scared . 
 she took a step forward and i saw her in profile . 
 exotic , strong features , not pretty , but i liked what i saw . 
 i drew my fingers through the dirt , scraping the floor a little . 
 she pivoted on one foot , turning her sword . 
 fast . 
 her head snapped toward me . 
 dark eyes stared straight at me . 
 i detected no fear . 
 instead it was a look of challenge . 
 so not a mouse after all , but something more . 
 this could be interesting . 
 i 'd let her dance in the dirt a bit more . 
 she was fun to watch . 
 she crouched with her hand out . 
 what the hell was she doing ... `` here , kitty , kitty , kitty . '' 
 oh my god , she was retarded and i was going to kill jim . 
 she blinked and stared at me . 
 she 'd seen my eyes glow . 
 i let go , shifting in the dark into my true form in the dark . 
 if you want a kitty , little girl , i 'll give you one you 'll never forget . 
 i stepped into the moonlight . 
 she froze . 
 that 's right . 
 no sudden moves . 
 i padded toward her slowly and circled her allowing her take it all in . 
 do you like the kitty now ? 
 i could smell her surprise and fear . 
 our gazes met . 
 her eyes went wide and then she fell on her ass . 
 heh . 
 a bow would have been sufficient . 
 i retreated into the shadows of the corner . 
 i was not sure what affect a laughing lion would have on her and i did not want her to faint . 
 i reverted to human form and changed into sweats and a tee . 
 any other time , i might have walked out to her as is , but this was a business meeting . 
 best to keep it that way . 
 i gave her a few seconds to recover . 
 she was dusting off her jeans . 
 `` kitty , kitty ? '' 
 she jumped a bit . 
 smart girl . 
 most shapeshifters ca n't switch back and forth like that . 
 i 'm not most shapeshifters . 
 i am the beast lord . 
 `` yeah , '' she managed weakly . 
 `` you caught me by unprepared . 
 next time i 'll bring cream and catnip toys . '' 
 toys would n't be necessary . 
 `` there may not be a next time . '' 
 i stepped out and she turned toward me . 
 she seemed almost relieved that i was n't naked . 
 most women had the opposite reaction . 
 her loss . 
 i hit her with my hard stare . 
 she met my gaze and did not look away or cringe . 
 points for her . 
 she was tall for a woman , maybe two or three inches shorter than me . 
 young , maybe early or mid-twenties . 
 she looked strong and lithe , like an athlete or martial artist . 
 `` what kind of woman greets the beast lord with ` here , kitty kitty ' ? '' 
 `` one of a kind . '' 
 she continued to hold my stare . 
 she may not have been as funny as she thought she was , but she was n't a coward . 
 good . 
 i could work with brave . 
 i took a step toward her . 
 `` i am the lord of the free people . '' 
 magic burns when i broke through kate 's front door , the first things i smelled were blood and poison . 
 then smoke and something else , salty , bitter . 
 like a fish tank . 
 what the hell had happened here ? 
 the little girl was hysterical , crying that kate was dying . 
 she was almost right . 
 i expected it to be bad , but the sight of her stopped me cold . 
 kate lay on her stomach in her bathroom , her pale skin in stark contrast to the dark blood that seemed to be everywhere . 
 her back had been ripped open by something with savage strength . 
 in that moment i realized i could lose her . 
 i 'd seen humans die from less . 
 the keep was out of the question . 
 too far . 
 that 's why i 'd ordered doolittle to the south east office before i went to rescue the idiot . 
 i scooped her up off the floor and ran . 
 her skin was on fire , and i ran as fast as i could . 
 her heartbeat was fading and i had this dumb idea that if i let her go of her , she would die . 
 i had to get her to doolittle i burst into the office with kate still in my arms , roaring for doolitte . 
 there was little need , he was standing by . 
 i lowered her gently onto a waiting gurney and fixed him with a stare . 
 `` can you save her ? '' 
 he took in her condition with a glance . 
 `` my lord , her wounds are extensive and her kind are . . '' 
 i cut him off , `` try . '' 
 he rushed off with her and all i could do was stand there and watch her go . 
 i found my way to the study , pulled a battered copy of white 's once and future king off the shelf and ordered a beer to be brought to me . 
 ten pages in i knew it was useless . 
 i closed my eyes , leaned back and waited for the call . 
 sometime later phone rang and doolittle informed me that she seemed to be stabilizing . 
 he had purged her system of the poison , and her fever was coming down . 
 somebody once said it 's better to be lucky than good . 
 he or she must have had kate in mind . 
 with the flare so strong , the good doctor 's already considerable medmage powers had been augmented enough to heal the slashes on her back and neutralize the poison coursing through her body . 
 i do n't know why but when he told me that she would , in all likelihood , live , i let out a breath i had n't known i was holding . 
 i should have known she was too stubborn or stupid to die . 
 the real question was why had i been so worried . 
 why did i care so much if this idiot girl lived or died ? 
 she was n't pack , not quite human but not one of us either . 
 whenever she blundered into my life waving that toothpick of hers around , i knew there would be trouble , the kind that usually ended with one or both of us badly wounded . 
 she was arrogant , impulsive , and failed to recognize my authority or respect my position . 
 she challenged me in front of my people . 
 if anyone else ever ... but she was funny sometimes , and never boring . 
 god , it would almost be worth it to see her face when she realized that i had saved her ass again . 
 actually it was quite a nice ass , come to think of it . 
 in fact , my memory of the ass and its owner seemed to be remarkably clear . 
 i got up . 
 that way lay dragons . 
 what i needed was a shower and some shut eye . 
 i 'd be damned if she saw me looking tired or disheveled . 
 when she finally did wake up , feeling like half a mile of bad road , i wanted to stroll in looking fresh and clean as if i had n't a care in the world *** i need n't have worried . 
 almost a day passed before doolittle called to tell me that his patient seemed to be coming around . 
 `` how will she feel ? '' 
 `` sore as hell and probably ... '' `` hungry '' i guessed . 
 `` yes i should think so . 
 accelerated healing burns the body 's resources . 
 i do belive she will be ravenous . '' 
 i smiled , `` doctor , do you think she might enjoy some nice hot chicken soup ? '' 
 there was a tiny pause before doolittle answered . 
 `` my lord i think she should like that very much . '' 
 oh yes , she would sit in bed and eat the soup i got for her like a good little girl . 
 the best thing would be watching her gulp it down clueless as usual to the consequences of her actions . 
 as i strode into the room , with one of the cooks behind me carrying the soup on a tray , i caught the tail end of a conversation . 
 `` how did i get here ? '' 
 `` his majesty carried you . '' 
 `` is he burned to a crisp or sliced in half this time ? '' 
 her concern was touching . 
 `` neither , '' i answered . 
 her eyes grew wide . 
 i can walk quietly if i wish to , i am a cat after all . 
 i gestured for the cook to put the soup down . 
 doolittle bowed and both he and the cook left the room . 
 i took a moment to look kate over . 
 i had not seen her since bringing her in . 
 her appearence had improved , but not much . 
 her face was bloodless . 
 dark circles puffed under her eyes , and the skin stretched tight over her face . 
 she looked like a ghost of herself . 
 almost frail . 
 i was not used to seeing her like this . 
 it scared me a little bit . 
 `` you look like shit . '' 
 honesty is important in any relationship . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` thanks , i try . '' 
 frail and weak , but still kate . 
 i picked up a bowl soup and thought about what it would mean here in this place if i offered it to her and she accepted . 
 she might not know what it meant , but i would . 
 this was it . 
 nothing ventured ... i held the bowl out to her so she could smell it . 
 before i could warn her , she grasped it with both hands , and burned herself . 
 `` idiot . '' 
 i sat the soup in front of her with a spoon . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she actually thanked me . 
 this was going well . 
 i had half expected her to throw the soup at me . 
 kate grabbed the spoon and went at it . 
 that 's right , eat it . 
 `` did you get the surveys ? 
 they were ... '' `` on the dresser . 
 shut up and eat your soup . '' 
 i pulled up doolittle 's chair and watched her while she ate . 
 this was nice , we were together and so far had not tried to kill each other . 
 maybe if i could just keep her quiet ... maybe if i kept feeding her . 
 `` so that 's the secret . '' 
 she looked slightly shocked . 
 no witty comeback . 
 maybe i scared her . 
 naw not the ass-kicker . 
 `` you okay ? 
 gone a bit pale there . '' 
 `` secret to what ? '' 
 `` secret to shutting you up . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` all i have to do is beat you till you half dead , then give you chicken soup and blessed silence . '' 
 she made a face and went back to the soup . 
 `` what did you think i meant ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the ways of the beast lord are a mystery to a humble merc like me . '' 
 `` you do n't do humble . '' 
 smart ass was more her speed . 
 her bowl was empty , so i handed her another . 
 this time our fingers brushed together . 
 i held still and looked into her eyes . 
 our faces were very close . 
 her lips parted slightly . 
 i leaned in toward her and ... she grabbed the bowl pulled away and it was as if a spell was broken . 
 funny little mouse . 
 `` why did you save me ? '' 
 `` i picked up a phone and there was a hysterical child on the other end , crying that you were dying and that the undead were coming . 
 i thought it might be an interesting conclusion to a boring evening . '' 
 that and i f ** king hate the undead . 
 she looked puzzled . 
 `` how did julie know to call here ? '' 
 `` hit redial from what i understand . 
 smart kid . 
 you 're going to tell me what you 've blundered into . '' 
 i was n't asking . 
 my people had crawled over her place , sniffing every inch . 
 there had been three assailants , none human . 
 no bodies , but some evidence of a fire and dents and stains on the wall . 
 the best they could figure out , she 'd killed something in the kitchen , set the second attacke on fire , and rammed the third one into the wall . 
 derek had brought julie to the keep . 
 he was working on her , but she was a street kid . 
 she trusted no one and so far did n't talk . 
 dark eyes looked at me from kate 's pale face . 
 `` no . '' 
 maybe she had misunderstood . 
 she had been through a lot . 
 `` no ? '' 
 give her a chance . 
 `` no . '' 
 god f ** king damnit , not this shit again . 
 i crossed my arms and gave her my displeased look and meant it . 
 she stared back . 
 this was too much . 
 i leaned back . 
 `` you know what i like about you ? 
 you have know sense . 
 you sit here in my house , you can barely pick up a spoon and you 're telling me ` no ' . 
 you 'd pull on death 's whiskers if you could reach them . '' 
 she did not know it , but at this moment she was close . 
 damn close . 
 `` i 'll ask one more time , what were you doing ? '' 
 `` i see . 
 i retrieve the surveys the pack let slip through its fingers , and in return you bring me here against my will , interrogate me , and threaten me with bodily harm . 
 i 'm sure the order will be amused to learn the pack kidnapped its representative . '' 
 `` aha . 
 who is going to tell them ? '' 
 yes , the pack greatly regrets being unable to save the orders representative , her injuries were extensive . 
 it would be so easy . 
 windpibe and larynx crushed ? 
 like someone strangled her ? 
 you do n't say . 
 she looked at me as if to gauge my intent . 
 would i do it ? 
 try me . 
 `` i guess i 'll just have to kick your ass and break out of here . '' 
 hahaha . 
 maybe if i had a seizure or a blood vessel burst in my brain . 
 she shot me her crazy smile . 
 i showed her the edge of my teeth . 
 `` in your dreams . '' 
 `` we 've never had our rematch . 
 i might win . '' 
 yeah and on that day we 'd get together with the people and put on a show in the old barn . 
 she grimaced . 
 `` bathroom ? '' 
 i gestured toward it and she carefully got out of bed , like she was not sure if she could stand on her own . 
 i almost felt sorry for her . 
 then i saw the rest of her and could not help smiling . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` your panties have a bow . '' 
 she looked down . 
 she wore a little tank top and blue panties with a silky bow . 
 her face went white , then red . 
 hahaha . 
 `` what 's wrong with bows ? '' 
 `` nothing , i expected barbed wire or something with chains . '' 
 she stuck her nose in the air . 
 `` i 'm secure enough in myself to wear panties with bows on them . 
 besides they 're comfy and soft . '' 
 you do n't say . 
 `` i bet . '' 
 big eyes again . 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd mind giving me a bit of privacy for the trip . '' 
 and miss the panty parade ? 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 she made a valiant effort to get out of bed but her legs betrayed her . 
 i was barely able to catch her before she hit the floor . 
 i held her tightly for a moment , enjoying the closeness . 
 she smelled like kate . 
 i could get used to her scent . 
 `` need some help ass-kicker ? 
 `` i 'm fine , thanks . '' 
 she tensed , i held her for a moment longer and then released her . 
 she carefully made her way to the closest door . 
 `` that is the closet . '' 
 i pointed out helpfully . 
 she looked like she was going to cry and staggered into the bathroom . 
 magic strikes nearly half a dozen of my best people had gone rogue , among them my chief of security , our head of medicine , a young wolf , and the scion of clan bouda . 
 they had broken my first law . 
 they had chosen to participate in the midnight games and had refused direct orders to appear before me and explain their actions . 
 i had never before questioned jim 's loyalty ; he was alpha of clan cat and for all intents and purposes my second . 
 doolittle despised pack politics and had saved my life more often than i liked to think about . 
 derek had become a member of the pack after his father had gone loup and slaughtered his mother and sisters . 
 when this happens , and it happens more often than humans think , sop is to kill male survivors , especially adolescents as they were believed to have a genetic predisposition to going loup . 
 jim had been in favor of putting derek down . 
 i had overruled him , which i rarely do . 
 the kid had been through a lot and i decided he deserved a chance . 
 had i made a mistake ? 
 that raphael was involved in this surprised me not at all . 
 if bea 's little peacock thought i would n't mess up his pretty face he was as dumb as those girls who followed him around like dogs in heat . 
 what could possibly cause a cat , a wolf , a hyena , and a middle-aged medmage honey badger to risk my wrath ? 
 i could n't figure out the what or the why , but i had a damn good idea of the who . 
 kate daniels , professional f ** k-up . 
 kate worked for the order , humans who despised my kind . 
 yeah , she was employed by the order and did jobs for the guild , but i swear her mission in life was to make mine miserable . 
 she defied me publicly , challenged me privately , and god help me , she bounced around inside my head like a bull in a china shop . 
 as soon as i had gotten wind that something was amiss , i had called her . 
 in her usual charming and diplomatic way she had both denied any and all knowledge as well as politely declining to assist me in any way . 
 of course , she was in this mess up to that nice ass of hers . 
 later as i started to put the pieces together , she had called to tell me that she and jim were running off together and even offered me an erotic dinner if i could find them in three days . 
 kate short-circuits my brain . 
 in my head we always have these clear coherent exchanges , but once we meet , what comes out it is , `` kate , do what i say or i 'll kill you . '' 
 her default reply is , `` fuck you ! '' 
 and we go downhill from there . 
 once i shook the idea of naked kate out of my head , the big picture made no sense . 
 jim and kate had worked together on odd jobs for the guild but there had never been a hint of anything more than a friendship built on mutual respect . 
 i knew for a fact that jim liked that half-blind vegetarian tiger . 
 who the hell ever heard of such a thing ? 
 she gave the big cats a bad name and she kept trying to kill herself by driving too fast . 
 jim had a high opinion of kate 's abilities , which was a rare thing . 
 kate was skilled with that sword of hers , almost as good as she thought she was . 
 i kept trying to puzzle it out : even if they had decided to run away together , how did the games figure into it ? 
 i knew kate would fight for the fun of it , or the money . 
 did they need the money for their new life together ? 
 how had they gotten the others involved ? 
 derek worked for jim , almost worshiped kate . 
 if they had used him ... that i could not forgive . 
 i also knew that raphael 's mate was kate 's best friend . 
 he would do anything for her or just to piss me off . 
 perhaps he thought his mommy could intervene on his behalf if he got caught . 
 i had almost hoped b did interfere and got tangled up in it . 
 after all she has been a thorn in my paw as long as i can remember . 
 it would feel good to remove it . 
 since mahon was not mixed up in this nonsense , i could give him that honor . 
 i know he would enjoy it and faithfulness should not go unrewarded . 
 none of this of course explained doolittle 's involvement . 
 had they forced him to help ? 
 possibly , but he is a tough old bastard and you do n't cross a badger without a good reason . 
 i had to know , and so i tracked kate to one of jim 's safe houses . 
 she was alone but i could smell the others , they had been there recently . 
 derek was hurt , i could sense it . 
 that had driven me over the edge and i had leaped at her without looking . 
 right into a loup cage . 
 when i had stopped roaring , kate explained it all . 
 i now knew about the wolf diamond and the rakshasas . 
 i understood why kate felt compelled to do these things . 
 it made sense ; she was trying to help her friends and the pack . 
 what i could not condone or comprehend was how she did these things . 
 some people go about things in a roundabout way . 
 kate blows things up and then tries to glue the pieces together with spit . 
 if she had only come to me in the beginning , but now it might be too late . 
 as i sat at the bottom of the loupe cage , waiting for the skin on my palms to heal enough to try the silver bars again , i slowed my breathing and went over my options . 
 none were great . 
 i could wait for them to let me out of this cage or for someone else to find me . 
 no , that was unacceptable . 
 i am the beastlord , i will not be crated and let out like a puppy . 
 i could break out of this , but it would hurt , a lot , and in that rage i would slaughter not only kate and cohorts but anyone who tried to stop me . 
 as angry as i was , i had to admit i did not want to do that either . 
 by now they would already be in the arena . 
 short of slaughtering the entire red guard , i could not get in there to stop them before the entire audience of sick f ** ks saw members of the pack take part in the games . 
 after that too many people would know and i could not let that pass . 
 if they survived i would have to kill them . 
 by myself in front of the rest of the pack . 
 kate had finished her spiel and left . 
 i forced myself to relax and try to find a way out of this mess . 
 i assumed i was alone with my thoughts when i heard something move down the hallway . 
 the smell was familiar but i could not place it , definitely not kate but ... julie . 
 her kitten . 
 all i had to do was to convince her to let me out . 
 i closed my eyes and listened to her sneaking through the house . 
 close by , almost close enough . 
 here , kitty , kitty , kitty . 
 *** i closed my eyes and concentrated on the sound of the footsteps approaching my cage . 
 julie showed potential , moving well for a human child , quiet and careful despite the dim and unfamiliar surroundings . 
 kate would have stormed into the dark stabbing at shadows . 
 i wondered briefly where or from whom julie had learned to sneak . 
 she had not survived on the streets by being slow or stupid . 
 derek seemed fond of her and it was obvious she was smitten with the kid . 
 to her , he was older and good looking . 
 damaged derek , laying somewhere now with his good-looking young face forever ruined . 
 would she even look at him the same way ? 
 a fresh wave of rage and grief almost overcame me , and i had to fight the urge to roar in frustration . 
 no , hold it together . 
 there will be a time for fur and fury , for the rending of flesh and the taste of blood on the tongue . 
 not the now . 
 take a deep breath , keep it together . 
 do n't scare the kitten . 
 convince her to let you go . 
 come closer , julie , that 's it . 
 you 're almost there . 
 when she was near enough that i could hear her breathing , i called out to her in my best not crazy voice , `` ok , kate , you win , i could not break out , let me go , and i will give you that hundred bucks i owe you . '' 
 kids liked money right ? 
 she walked into the room and sat on the floor . 
 a tiny thing , skin and bones , narrow face , pale hair . 
 `` nice try . 
 you know i am not her , and you should know she 's gone now where you ca n't get her . '' 
 smart girl . 
 `` look kid , i do n't want to get anybody . 
 just let me out of here please . '' 
 `` julie . 
 my name is julie . 
 why ? '' 
 `` why what , julie ? '' 
 `` why should i let you out ? '' 
 `` because , i asked you nicely , and it would be better for you and your ... '' - psychotic guardian , terrible role model , bad influence - '' ... kate , if you release me . '' 
 `` why do you do that ? '' 
 ok , i would play along but my patience was growing thin . 
 `` do what , exactly ? '' 
 `` bully people . 
 threaten them in that calm scary voice . 
 they are all afraid of you . '' 
 ridiculous . 
 `` i do n't threaten people . 
 i am nice . 
 i do n't yell or scream . '' 
 keep going though and you will see how terrifying i can be . 
 `` bullshit . 
 they are all scared of you . 
 jim , derek , even though he looks up to you . 
 kate too , and she is not afraid of anything . '' 
 that was interesting . 
 `` first , watch your mouth , child . 
 second , what makes you think kate is scared of me . '' 
 `` screw you , i am not a child and you are not the boss of me . 
 she said you broke into her house and stole things . '' 
 i crossed my arms on my chest . 
 the last thing i wanted to do is to explain the mating rituals to a human girl . 
 `` i am the beast lord , not a thief or burglar . '' 
 `` you took a pie . 
 why would you do that ? 
 do n't you have whatever , servants , who cook for you ? 
 kate does n't have a lot of money , why would you steal her food ? '' 
 `` that is adult business ; i will not explain myself to a child . '' 
 `` it was an ass ** le thing to do . '' 
 i choked back a snarl . 
 `` little girl , i am not going to warn you again , do not speak to me like that again ... '' `` or what ? '' 
 she had me there . 
 as pissed off as i was , there were lines i would not cross . 
 i would not harm a child . 
 ever . 
 i had to take a deep breath and step away from the ledge . 
 persuade her . 
 be reasonable . 
 i could do reasonable . 
 `` look , julie , i am trying to be a nice guy . 
 i 've asked you nicely to release me . 
 i could break out of here , but you would not like that , i promise you . 
 that would be scary and loud , and nobody wants that sort of thing . 
 this is the last time i am going to ask you . 
 please free me before i do get angry and do something we will both regret . '' 
 `` you 're doing it right now . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i know you are mad and i know that if i let you out you 'll hurt me and try to make me tell you where kate is . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't hurt little human kittens . 
 never have and never will . 
 i give you my word . '' 
 she looked at me , thinking about it . 
 i leaned forward . 
 `` i know where kate is and why , but i do n't know why she left me in this cage . 
 i would not hurt her and she knows that . '' 
 i broke into her place , i kissed her , i 've indulged her beyond what any of my people could get away with . 
 any sane woman at this point would know where we stood . 
 i would never harm kate . 
 i might roar and threaten , and i might even pounce when occasion called for it , but she knew damn well that no violence would follow . 
 but then again , we were talking about kate . 
 nothing was sane about kate . 
 that 's why i was sitting in a loup cage , trying to reassure a frightened child that i would not rip her to pieces . 
 julie drew her knees to her chest . 
 the kid looked like she never ate . 
 a stiff wind might knock her over . 
 `` kate thinks she has to save everybody , duh . '' 
 `` who is she saving by keeping me in here , julie ? '' 
 `` her friends and you from having to hurt them . 
 she knows you will feel bad if you do . '' 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 she paused for a moment and then continued slowly , `` she knows you 're pissed and you will do your lion king thing , punishing them for ... '' she paused considering her words . 
 `` disobeying you . 
 you will regret it when you calm down but then it will be too late . 
 dead is dead . '' 
 `` why would she think that i would regret it ? '' 
 i was actually curious . 
 also what the hell was my `` lion king thing ? '' 
 `` cause she likes you and believes that you 're a good guy . '' 
 `` she said that ? '' 
 a good guy , huh . 
 `` no , but i can tell . 
 the way she looks , when she talks about you . '' 
 getting more interesting by the second . 
 `` looks like what ? '' 
 `` she looked the way my mom used to when she talked about my dad . 
 and they are dead now . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` everybody always says that , but it does n't mean anything . 
 it 's like saying hello or something . '' 
 `` it means something , '' i told her . 
 `` my parents are dead too , and i was about your age when i lost them . '' 
 julie looked like she was about to cry and waved her arms . 
 `` whatever . 
 look , i 'm not stupid . 
 i know things ! 
 adult things . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like sex . 
 i know about sex . '' 
 i just stared at her . 
 i was n't opening that can of worms . 
 `` the point is , she likes you . 
 she likes you - likes you . 
 she was going to kill derek for you , if he went loup , so you did n't have to do it . '' 
 now it started to make sense . 
 so that was what all of this was about , derek was jim 's responsibility and both jim and derek f ** ked up royally . 
 now kate was caught up in this mess . 
 in her mind she was as accountable for the boy as we were . 
 derek had come to her for help and she had been unable to refuse . 
 unfortunately it had all gone to hell as things tend to in our world and the kid had gotten hurt bad . 
 now she blamed herself and the only thing she could do was to go all in and hope for the best . 
 she took it all on herself , as an alpha would do . 
 i had to give her credit for trying to see this thing through to the end , but it should have been me . 
 it was my job to know what was going on , to save , to protect , and to kill when there was no other way , and i dropped the ball . 
 i could n't undo the damage but i could step up and take charge . 
 i could make sure that while there was breath in my body , not another of my people would be harmed . 
 whether or not she knew it , kate was mine now and i would save her or die trying . 
 that is what i do , i am the beast lord . 
 i stood and locked eyes with the girl . 
 `` julie , if you release me , i swear that i will not harm you , kate , or any of my people . '' 
 `` will you help them , in the games ? '' 
 `` yes , i will . '' 
 `` even derek ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 what could i do for him that doolittle could not ? 
 `` he is with them , fighting the creatures who hurt him . 
 he is very brave . '' 
 damn idiot . 
 `` yes , but foolish as well . '' 
 i wonder if she knows the whole story ? 
 julie grimaced . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 it 's about the girl . 
 i will take care of her later , but i need you to promise about the others . '' 
 `` julie , i give you my word , i will do everything in my power to help our friends and punish our enemies . '' 
 she let out a breath she had been holding and smiled finally . 
 `` ok , deal . '' 
 magic bleeds i have been the beast lord of atlanta for half of my life . 
 i am responsible for the lives of several hundred free people of the code . 
 some people will tell you that being in charge means telling other people what to do . 
 that is only a part of it . 
 leadership means doing what you know is the right thing . 
 in my experience it rarely involves doing what you want or like . 
 tonight was no exception . 
 i was attending a meeting between the pack council , the alphas of all the clans , and the people , necromancers who piloted the dead . 
 bernard 's was neutral ground , a sanctuary where all of atlanta 's players came to be seen and feel important . 
 violence was strictly forbidden . 
 no problem we could dress up and play nice with nataraja 's corpse f ** kers . 
 for now there was no need for open conflict between the pack and the people . 
 the peace would not last forever and one day i would watch the light go out of his eyes while the casino burned down around him . 
 pushing that pleasant thought aside , i entered the main floor . 
 jim was waiting there with the other alphas , i nodded to him and he led the group upstairs . 
 i started to follow them when i detected a familiar scent . 
 it could n't be . 
 why would she be here ? 
 she had broken into my place , messed up my weights , and even put catnip into my bed . 
 in retaliation i had glued that cute butt of hers into her office chair . 
 in short we were doing the mating dance . 
 for a while i thought i had lost her for good , but in our own f ** ked up way we had swallowed our pride and reached out to one another . 
 we both knew it would never be easy , but we were willing to try . 
 i knew that kate was n't universally loved by the pack , but they owed me . 
 i bled for them , i fixed their petty squabbles . 
 i had given them everything , they would give me this one thing . 
 or i would break it all apart . 
 as i reached the top of the stairs i saw jim chewing one of his crew a new ass ** le . 
 what the f ** k ? 
 maybe she was here . 
 kate was trouble and i wondered what she had done to piss jim off . 
 maybe tonight would not be completely boring after all . 
 i just hoped i would n't walk into the room full of my alphas with their asses glued to their seats . 
 i stepped into the room and looked for her . 
 she stood by a table on the left and for a moment i think i forgot to breathe . 
 kate looked amazing , her hair was down , she was wearing make-up and that dress . 
 it was cut low in the front and fit like it was made for her . 
 she stood next to saiman . 
 she was here with him . 
 she wore that dress for him . 
 she looked like that for him . 
 it was like something hit me in the gut . 
 the rest of the room ceased to exist . 
 there was only me and him and the distance between us . 
 why him , why here ? 
 did she want to hurt me in the most public way possible ? 
 jim was at my side , trying to tell me something . 
 i stared at them , trying to make some sense of it . 
 the son of a bitch smiled at me and said something to her that i could not make out . 
 i strained and picked his smug voice out of the noise '' . . 
 would mean war . 
 he ca n't move a finger out of line . '' 
 i almost smiled then . 
 he thought he was safe . 
 jim 's voice broke my concentration . 
 `` not here . '' 
 i knew he was right but it did n't matter . 
 `` i can make him disappear , '' jim said next to me . 
 `` no one will ever find him . 
 i can bring him to you in chains , or in pieces . 
 just wait . 
 do n't do it in front of her . 
 we can do it any time . 
 we 've got nothing but time . '' 
 i turned my gaze to her and she stared right back . 
 the look was challenging . 
 no , it was going to be right here and right now . 
 she could try and stop me , hell they all could , but she was going to watch me tear him apart . 
 i would paint the floors and walls with his blood before he died . 
 the freak laughed . 
 `` we are n't without similarities , curran and i. '' oh , i had to hear this . 
 `` we both fall prey to lust . 
 we both guard our pride and suffer from jealousy . 
 we both employ our resources to get what we want : i use my wealth and my body and he uses his position of power . 
 you say i want you only because you refused me . 
 he wants you for the same reason . 
 i remember when he became beast lord . 
 the boy king , the perpetual adolescent , suddenly at the head of the food chain , granted access to hundreds of women who ca n't say no . 
 do you think he forces them into his bed ? 
 he had to have done it at least a few times . '' 
 what ? 
 that slimy cocksucker was telling her i was a ra ** st. the guy who would f ** k a snake if he could find someone to hold it still . 
 i never , ever . 
 kate , tell him it is n't true . 
 tell him you do n't believe it . 
 tell him . 
 she said nothing . 
 i had wanted her , and i thought she wanted me . 
 i was good , i waited . 
 she was in the keep , weak and wounded , but i never touched her . 
 he would say or do anything . 
 he would use her and throw her away when he tired of her . 
 i had almost died during the games for her . 
 he leaned to her . 
 i could clear the distance between us in three leaps . 
 two seconds and i could twist his head off his shoulders and throw it at her feet . 
 he raised his voice . 
 `` you 're all mine tonight . 
 kiss me , kate '' no . 
 he reached for her . 
 she stepped away . 
 something inside me snapped and then i was moving toward him . 
 he would not leave this place alive . 
 i could n't make her love me , but she did n't want his hands on her . 
 that sick f ** k would never touch her again . 
 she stepped in front of him . 
 he was so drunk or stupid that he still did not know what was happening . '' 
 ... wo n't hurt me . 
 not here . '' 
 i was almost there , i could smell the alcohol in his sweat . 
 she swiped a bottle off a nearby table and moved toward me . 
 nice , but it would not be enough . 
 maybe if she had her sword ... `` the people greet the beast lord . '' 
 nataraja . 
 it took everything i had but i stopped . 
 if i killed him now , it would be war . 
 in that moment i would have thrown my life away to feel saiman 's skull snap between my jaws , but he was not worth the lives of my alphas . 
 saiman would never know it but that bald headed prick had saved his life . 
 for the moment . . 
 i stared at kate and mouthed a single word . 
 later . 
 she stared back at me , her eyes clear . 
 any time . 
 i took a deep breath , turned my back on her and in a calm voice called out `` the beast lord greets the people . '' 
 magic strikes teaser chapter 1 some days my job was harder than others . 
 i tapped the ladder with my hand . 
 `` see ? 
 it 's very sturdy , mrs. mcsweeney . 
 you can come down now . '' 
 mrs. mcsweeney looked at me from the top of the telephone pole , having obvious doubts about the ladder 's and my reliability . 
 thin , bird-boned , she had to be past seventy . 
 the wind stirred the nimbus of fine white hair around her head and blew open her nightgown , presenting me with sights better left unseen . 
 `` mrs. mcsweeney , i wish you would come down . '' 
 she arched her back and sucked in a deep breath . 
 not again . 
 i sat on the ground and clamped my hands over my ears . 
 the wail cut through the stillness of the night , sharp like a knife . 
 it hammered the windows of the apartment buildings , wringing a high-pitched hum from the glass . 
 down the street dogs yowled as one , matching the cry with unnatural harmony . 
 the lament built , swelling like an avalanche , until i could hear nothing but its complex , layered chorus : the lonely howl of a wolf , the forlorn shriek of a bird , the heart-wrenching cry of child . 
 she wailed and wailed , as if her heart was being torn out of her chest , filling me with despair . 
 the magic crashed . 
 one moment it filled the world , giving potency to mrs. mcsweeney 's cry , and the next it vanished from the world without warning , gone like a line drawn in the sand just before the surf licked it . 
 the technology reasserted itself . 
 the blue fey lantern hanging from the top of the pole went dark , as the magic charged air lost its potency . 
 electric lights came on in the apartment building . 
 it was called post-shift resonance : magic drowned the world in a wave , snuffing out anything complex and technological , smothering car engines , jamming automatic weapons , and eroding tall buildings . 
 mages fired ice bolts , skyscrapers fell , and wards flared into life , keeping undesirables from my house . 
 and then , just like that , the magic would vanish , leaving monsters in its wake . 
 nobody could predict when it would reappear and nobody could prevent it . 
 all we could do was cope with an insane tarantella of magic and technology . 
 that 's why i carried a sword . 
 it always worked . 
 the last echoes of the cry bounced from the brick walls and died . 
 mrs. mcsweeney stared at me with sad eyes . 
 i picked myself off the ground and waved at her . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 i trotted into the dark entrance to the apartment , where five members of the mcsweeney family crouched in the gloom . 
 `` tell me again why you ca n't come out and help me ? '' 
 robert mcsweeney , a middle-aged , dark-eyed man with thinning brown hair , shook his head . 
 `` mom thinks we do n't know she 's a banshee . 
 look , ms. daniels , can you get her down or not ? 
 you 're the knight of the order , for christ 's sake . '' 
 first , i was n't a knight ; i just worked for the order of merciful aid . 
 second , negotiation was n't my forte . 
 i killed things . 
 quickly and with much bloodshed . 
 getting elderly banshees in denial off of telephone poles was n't something i did often . 
 `` can you think of anything that might help me ? 
 robert 's wife melinda sighed . 
 `` i do n't ... i mean she always kept it so under wraps . 
 we 've heard her wail before but she was so discreet about it . 
 this is n't normal for her . '' 
 an elderly black woman in a mumu descended the staircase . 
 `` has that girl gotten margie down yet ? '' 
 `` i 'm working on it , '' i told her . 
 `` you tell her , she better not miss our bingo tomorrow night . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i headed to the pole . 
 part of me sympathized with mrs. mcsweeney . 
 the three law enforcement agencies that regulated life in us post-shift , the military supernatural defense unit or msdu , the paranormal activity division , pad , and my illustrious employer , the order of merciful aid , all certified banshees as harmless . 
 nobody has yet been able to link their wails to any deaths or natural disasters . 
 but folklore blamed banshees for all sorts of nefarious things . 
 they were rumored to drive people mad with their scream and kill children with a mere look . 
 plenty of people would be nervous about living next to a banshee and i could understand why mrs. mcsweeney went to great length to hide who she was . 
 she did n't want her friends to shun her or her family . 
 unfortunately , no matter how well you hide , sooner or later your big secret will bite you in the behind , and you might find yourself standing on a telephone pole , not sure why or how you had gotten there , while the neighborhood pretends not to hear your piercing screeches . 
 yeah . 
 i was the one to talk . 
 when it came to hiding one 's identity , i was an expert . 
 i burned my bloody bandages , so nobody could identify me by magic in my blood . 
 i hid my power . 
 i tried very hard not to make friends and mostly succeeded . 
 because when my secret came to life , i would n't end up on top of the pole . 
 i would be dead and all my friends would be dead with me . 
 i approached the pole and looked at mrs. mcsweeney . 
 `` alright . 
 i 'm going to count to three and then you have to come down . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` mrs. mcsweeney ! 
 you 're making a spectacle out of yourself . 
 your family is worried about you and you have bingo tomorrow night . 
 you do n't want to miss it , do you ? '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` we will do it together . '' 
 i climbed three steps up the ladder . 
 `` on three . 
 one , two , three , step ! '' 
 i took a step down and watched her do the same . 
 thank you , whoever you are upstairs . 
 `` one more . 
 one , two , three , step . '' 
 we took another step , and then she took one by herself . 
 i jumped to the ground . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 mrs. mcsweeney paused . 
 oh no . 
 she looked at me with her sad eyes and asked , `` you wo n't tell anyone , will you ? '' 
 i glanced at the windows of the apartment building . 
 she had wailed loud enough to wake the dead and make them call the cops . 
 but in this day and age , people banded together . 
 one could n't rely on tech or on magic , only on your family and neighbors . 
 they were willing to keep her secret , no matter how absurd it seemed , and so was i. `` i wo n't tell anyone , '' i promised . 
 two minutes later she was heading to her apartment , and i was wrestling with the ladder , trying to make it fit into the space under the stairs , from which the super had gotten it for me . 
 my day had started at five with a frantic man running through the hallway of the atlanta chapter of the order of merciful aid and screaming that a dragon with a cat head had gotten into new hope school and would devour the children . 
 the dragon turned out to be a small tatzelwyrm , which i unfortunately , was unable to subdue without cutting its head off . 
 that was the first time i got sprayed with blood today . 
 then i had to help mauro get a two-headed fresh water serpent out of an artificial pond at the ruins of one atlantic center in buckhead . 
 it took me and the huge samoan knight almost an hour , and by the end of the ordeal we were both swearing like a couple of sailors on shore leave , who got kicked out of the bar midway through the ladies night . 
 the day went downhill from there . 
 it was past midnight now . 
 i was dirty , tired , hungry , smeared with four different types of blood , and i wanted to go home . 
 also my boots stank because the serpent had vomited a half-eaten cat corpse on my feet . 
 i finally managed to stuff the ladder in its place and left the apartment building for the parking lot , where my female mule marigold was tied to a metal rack set up there for precisely that purpose . 
 i had gotten within ten feet of her when i saw a half-finished swastika drawn on her rump in green paint . 
 the paint stick lay broken on the ground . 
 there was also some blood and what looked like a tooth . 
 i looked closer . 
 yep , definitely a tooth . 
 `` had an adventure , did we ? '' 
 marigold did n't say anything , but i knew from experience that approaching her from behind was not a good idea . 
 she kicked like a mule , probably because she was one . 
 if not for the order 's brand on her other butt cheek , marigold might have been stolen tonight . 
 fortunately , the knights of the order had a nasty habit of magically tracking the thieves and coming down on them like a ton of bricks . 
 i untied her , mounted and we braved the night . 
 typically technology and magic switched at least once every couple of days , usually more often than that . 
 but two months ago we had been hit with a flare , a wave so potent , it drowned the city like a magic tsunami , making impossible things a reality . 
 for three days demons and gods had walked the streets and human monsters had great difficulty controlling themselves . 
 i had spent the flare on the battlefield , helping a handful of shapeshifters butcher a demonic horde . 
 it had been an epic occurrence all around . 
 i still had vivid dreams about it , not exactly nightmares , but intoxicating , surreal visions of blood and gleaming blades and death . 
 the flare had burned out , leaving technology firmly in control of the world . 
 for two months cars started without fail , electricity held the darkness at bay , and air conditioning made georgia august blissful . 
 we even had tv . 
 on monday night they had shown a movie , terminator 2 , hammering home the point : it could always be worse . 
 then , on wednesday right around noon , the magic hit . 
 and atlanta went to hell . 
 i was n't sure if people had deluded themselves into thinking the magic would n't come back or if they had been caught unprepared , but we 've never had so many calls for help since i had started with the order . 
 unlike the mercenary guild , for which i also worked , the knights of the order of merciful aid helped anyone and everyone regardless of their ability to pay . 
 they charged only what you could afford and a lot of times nothing at all . 
 we had been flooded with pleas . 
 i managed to catch four hours of sleep on wednesday night and then it was up and running again . 
 technically it was friday now , i was plagued by persistent fantasies of hot shower , food , and soft sheets . 
 i had made an apple pie a couple of days ago and i still had a slice left for tonight . 
 `` kate ? '' 
 maxine 's stern voice echoed through my head , distant but clear . 
 i did n't jump . 
 after the marathon of the last forty eight hours hearing the order 's telepathic secretary in my head seemed perfectly normal . 
 sad but true . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dear , but the pie might have to wait . '' 
 what else is new ? 
 maxine did n't read thoughts on purpose but if i concentrated on something hard enough , she could n't help but catch a hint of it . 
 `` i have a green seven , called in by a civilian . '' 
 dead shapeshifter . 
 anything shapeshifter-related was mine . 
 the shapeshifters distrusted the outsiders , and i was the only employee of the atlanta chapter of the order who enjoyed friend of the pack status . 
 enjoyed being a relative term . 
 mostly my status meant that the shapeshifters might let me say a couple of words before deciding to fillet me . 
 they took paranoid to a new level . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` corner of ponce de leon and dead cat . '' 
 twenty minutes by mule . 
 chances were , the pack knew the death took place already . 
 ugh . 
 i turned marigold and headed north . 
 `` i 'm on it . '' 
