 one . 
 the frigid air scraped my lungs raw . 
 i pumped my legs faster , praying for a second wind . 
 stopping was n't an option . 
 their breath beat at my back , and if they caught me , i 'd be dead . 
 i turned the corner , running down an alley . 
 footsteps echoed behind me . 
 faster . 
 i wrenched two trashcans back into their path . 
 a male cursed and grunted . 
 metal scraped against concrete . 
 i focused on the mouth of the alley and prayed for a miracle . 
 a black sedan screeched to a stop in front of me . 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 my legs ached with the exertion , but i just managed to launch myself onto the hood . 
 on the other side , the landing lurched every joint in my body . 
 keep running . 
 find the light . 
 red means life . 
 behind me , deep voices argued . 
 i continued down the street , cursing the heels the castor had forced me to wear for the prime 's birthday celebration . 
 i could n't spare the precious moments to rid myself of the torture devices . 
 finally , a speck of red appeared in the distance . 
 all thoughts of sore feet and desperation evaporated . 
 the beckoning light glowed from the porch of a squat , run-down house that looked more like a prewar crack den than a haven for the lost . 
 i kicked up my pace and pushed through the pain . 
 salvation drew closer . 
 my pursuers ' harsh breathing echoed off the burnt out shells of buildings and trash - strewn streets . 
 a weathered poster bearing my own face mocked me from the brick walls of an old induction center . 
 in red ink along the bottom , the troika 's slogan , the hated words i 'd repeated so often on radio broadcasts and in speeches to grim-faced prisoners : `` blood will make you free . '' 
 not a soul lurked in the shadows . 
 most humans now slaved in work camps or blood camps . 
 rebels sought refuge in the burnt-out cities , but if any were watching me from the darkened windows , their survival instincts precluded them from interfering in troika business . 
 after all , my pursuers wore the telltale black uniforms of the secret police . 
 the lightning symbol on their br ** sts had become a graphic promise of pain . 
 not far now . 
 if i could just -- pain exploded on my scalp . 
 my head whipped back with the force of the fist jerking back on the ponytail . 
 my feet snapped out from under me . 
 he used my hair to keep me from hitting the ground . 
 the agony made me wish i 'd hit concrete instead . 
 it was sergei , one of the prime 's personal guards , who 'd caught me . 
 the one who always watched me while caressing his precious riding crop . 
 `` got you , bitch . '' 
 his eyes burned like hot coals . 
 fangs flashed as he panted for breath . 
 `` now we can add evading arrest to your list of crimes . '' 
 his partner doubled over , trying to catch his breath . 
 i did n't know his name , but he had the wild eyes of a male who enjoyed his job too much . 
 he glanced up at the glowing red light on the front of the house , now only twenty feet away . 
 `` she almost made it . '' 
 `` almost does n't count , '' sergei said , tugging my hair harder . 
 he leaned in at my grimace . 
 `` you like that ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` there 's more coming . '' 
 i gritted my teeth and waited for my opportunity . 
 `` call headquarters and have them send a rover to retrieve her . '' 
 with the partner distracted , i slapped his fist to my scalp , holding it in place and easing the pressure . 
 i scraped my heel down his shin and stabbed the tip into his foot . 
 with a yelp , he released me . 
 i grabbed the crop from his slack hold and jerked it against his windpipe . 
 it happened so fast his friend did n't see it . 
 he spoke into his radio , his back to me , `` repeat : meridian six has been subdued -- '' i grabbed the blade from my garter and made his last words dissolve into a wet gurgle . 
 as he fell , i grabbed his gun from his hand and turned it on sergei . 
 `` you wo n't be allowed to live . '' 
 his words the confidence of a man determined to deliver the deathblow . 
 `` you 'd already be dead if director castor did n't want the pleasure for himself . '' 
 i put the gun to his head . 
 pulled the trigger . 
 his body jerked . 
 wetness splashed my face . 
 i dropped his body and hauled ass toward the steps . 
 it happened as if in slow motion . 
 i ran toward the door , my hand rose to pound . 
 the roar and vibration of the troika 's arriving craft shook the building . 
 the panel in front of me flew open . 
 a female in red robes opened her mouth in shock , reaching for me . 
 the blast ripped through the night . 
 fire exploded in my left shoulder . 
 i fell in slow motion , the world a blur of pain -- fell across the threshold and into the acolyte 's arms . 
 blood filled my vision . 
 red means life . 
 two . 
 whispers woke me . 
 i peeled open one eye . 
 two females watched me from the doorway . 
 i did n't move so as not to alert them to my newly conscious state . 
 not until i had a chance to take stock . 
 drab-colored clothes were folded in a neat pile on the chair by the door . 
 the stained and ripped green silk dress i 'd been wearing hung from a hook and the high heels lay beneath them on the floor like two drunks . 
 across from the bed , a canvas hung depicting the beatified visage of some patron saint of the sanguinarians , the religion to which the order of the sisters of crimson belonged . 
 on the table beneath the painting , lay the dagger i 'd stolen off the guard when i 'd made my escape . 
 when i 'd arrived it was bloody , but now it shone like pristine , polished silver . 
 a thin , coarse blanket abraded my naked skin . 
 the realization that i was totally at the mercy of these bloodthirsty holy women shocked my synapses into firing again . 
 they call me meridian six `` she is awake . '' 
 the voice was feminine with an undercurrent of steel . 
 i used to be a tool for the troika . 
 but now i am their prey . 
 turning my head , i focused on the pair by the door . 
 the acolyte who 'd helped me inside earlier stood next to a statuesque woman in crimson and black robes . 
 all sisters of crimson wore red robes , but only those who 'd achieved exalted status wore the sacred black as well . 
 chatelaine ... smart not to leave an acolyte alone with me . 
 not after the way i arrived . 
 she dismissed the acolyte with a nod . 
 the door closed , and she moved forward slowly , almost gliding . 
 she was n't afraid to be alone with me . 
 `` welcome . 
 i am sister agrippa , chatelaine of this rectory . '' 
 she shushed me and placed a hand on my arm when i tried to sit up . 
 `` you must rest . 
 the bullet grazed your shoulder , but you lost blood from your other wounds . '' 
 i did n't meet her eyes and pulled the sheet higher . 
 she 'd seen the bite marks on my thighs and br ** sts . 
 `` what happened to your lower back ? '' 
 i looked up quickly , thankful she had n't mentioned the other wounds . 
 `` had to dig out the chip so they could n't zap me . '' 
 she nodded but showed no emotion on her face . 
 `` you would n't have made it far if you had n't . '' 
 something lit in her eyes -- respect ? 
 `` it 's a miracle you made it out of the fortress as it is , miss six . '' 
 i fell back onto the flat pillow . 
 even my bones felt exhausted . 
 i was n't surprised sister agrippa knew the name the vamps had given me . 
 everyone knew about meridian six , model troika citizen . 
 the instant i escaped i swore i 'd never be called that name again , but i did n't want to offend the holy woman when the situation was still so fragile . 
 `` thanks , '' i said instead . 
 she eyed me with frank curiosity . 
 `` i assume you are aware i am only able to offer you sanctuary for twenty-four hours . 
 you slept twenty of those away , i 'm afraid . '' 
 i cringed . 
 four hours was n't much time . 
 i needed to regroup and come up with a plan . 
 `` i understand , sister . 
 i appreciate your hospitality . '' 
 `` i took the liberty of having my assistant bring a change of clothes . '' 
 she nodded at a stack of garments on a chair next to the door . 
 `` i guessed at your size , but they 'll be better than the filthy ones you wore when you arrived . '' 
 her face did n't betray any judgment but i found her choice of adjective telling . 
 had my harlot 's clothes and the blood kiss marks on my inner thighs and chest betrayed my status as the troika 's blood whore ? 
 i was n't sure how to reply . 
 thanking her again would have felt too much like a confession . 
 `` i 'll leave you to your ablutions . 
 the first mass of the evening begins in five minutes . 
 perhaps you 'll join us ? 
 spiritual renewal may offer you a modicum of strength for your journey . '' 
 `` i think i 'll pass . '' 
 i hesitated before adding , `` no offense . '' 
 `` none taken . 
 i did n't think you 'd agree anyway . '' 
 she moved to the door again . 
 `` go ahead and get dressed . 
 i 'll have my assistant retrieve you after mass , and we can discuss next steps . '' 
 `` sister ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 she paused by the door . 
 the brighter light from the hallways fell around her like a halo . 
 `` are n't you going to ask why the troika are after me ? '' 
 she paused and smiled , her small , white fangs flashing in the dim light . 
 `` would you tell me the truth if i did ? '' 
 my lips quirked . 
 i liked this woman 's straightforward , no-bullshit attitude . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 she nodded and left , closing the door behind her . 
 i sat in silence for a few more moments , trying to will myself out of the warm cocoon of the bed . 
 my soul ached to stay in this quiet place . 
 my body ached for stillness . 
 but my mind was n't having any of that . 
 i needed a plan -- and fast . 
 i 'd have a lot more than aches to worry about if the troika 's men caught me when i left the convent . 
 twenty minutes later , i 'd completed my fortieth lap of the small room in the foreign-feeling clothes . 
 the coarse woolen sweater and baggy denim were n't exactly the quality i was used to . 
 i normally opted for simple garments of the highest caliber fabrics that would n't hamper movement or snag . 
 castor insisted that my clothes should also show off my form to its best advantage , which was why i did n't mind the shapeless garments the sisters provided . 
 and the shoes ! 
 the soft leather moccasins hugged my feet like a dream . 
 they 'd be a hell of a lot easier to run in than the heels the director of propaganda insisted i wear . 
 his face flashed in my mind 's eye . 
 the lascivious gleam when he 'd presented me with the dress and shoes . 
 `` and do n't forget the hairpiece , '' he 'd said , waving the green silk ribbon . 
 `` all birthday gifts should be topped with a bow . '' 
 he 'd giggled and left muttering to himself about how clever he was for thinking of the perfect birthday gift for the prime . 
 me . 
 a soft knock on the door announced the acolyte 's return . 
 `` the chatelaine will see you now . '' 
 i nodded and followed her out into the corridor . 
 i 'd considered wandering around earlier while i waited , but i did n't want to be rude . 
 the corridor 's ceilings hung low over sconces lining the walls , giving off a warm glow . 
 funny , from the outside this building seemed condemned , but inside it was clean and peaceful . 
 `` are we below ground ? '' 
 i asked , noting the lack of windows . 
 she nodded meekly over her shoulder . 
 i waited for more information , but she did n't offer any . 
 the sisters , i guessed , probably built this sanctuary in abandoned tunnels dug during the blood wars . 
 i 'd heard how the humans and vampire rebels had dug warrens under the cities for quick escapes during skirmishes . 
 now , the dirt walls had been plastered over , but the echoes of old fear clung to the air like the musk of turned earth . 
 we reached a door , and the acolyte knocked . 
 `` the chatelaine is waiting . '' 
 `` thank you , sister -- `` i let the word hang there for her to fill in . 
 she avoided my eyes and scuttled off . 
 her red robes swirled around her ankles as she rounded the corner . 
 i wondered briefly how she ended up living in abandoned tunnels below the city , offering succor to fugitives like me . 
 `` six ? '' 
 the chatelaine 's voice pulled me out of my musings . 
 i took a deep breath , raised my chin and marched into her inner sanctum . 
 she sat behind a battered wooden desk . 
 a single low-watt bulb hung from the ceiling . 
 the threadbare tapestries stretched across sections of the walls did nothing to dispel the chill . 
 one depicted a unicorn bleeding in a cage and another a knight fighting a dragon . 
 `` nice , '' i said , more to get the conversation going than out of any real appreciation for the artistry . 
 `` functional , '' she countered . 
 `` they help insulate against the dankness . '' 
 i took the seat she offered . 
 the ancient metal chair creaked in protest . 
 i cringed as the sound echoed through the cave-like room . 
 the chatelaine stared into a vid-screen , an alien bit of technology for such an ascetic setting , but , then , she was a vampire . 
 and vampires loved their tech . 
 i could n't see what she was looking at , but whatever it was , she found it damned interesting . 
 warning bells went off in my head . 
 noticing my sudden stiffness , she turned the screen toward me . 
 my own face stared back at me . 
 my stomach fell as i read the ticker beneath the old photo . 
 `` fugitive still at large . 
 the troika is offering a reward of ten thousand charns for her capture -- dead or alive . '' 
 `` meridian six , age twenty-three , daughter of rebel sympathizer , alexis sargosa , '' she read , her brows rising . 
 `` wanted for violation of troika code 439 . '' 
 my stomach churned , and my hands grew damp . 
 given the conditions of the rectory , it was possible the chatelaine was mentally tabulating the repairs she could make with that kind of reward . 
 i lifted my chin , waiting for her to make the next move . 
 `` code 439 ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` that 's assault , correct ? '' 
 i gave a jerky nod to confirm that was , indeed , the crime assigned to code 439 , but i did n't feel the need to confess my innocence . 
 after all , if things had gone as planned the charge would have been murder instead . 
 the nun 's eyes took on a speculative gleam . 
 my fingers slid down my leg toward the shard of metal i 'd strapped to my ankle using a bit of bandage the nuns had left in my room . 
 they 'd been smart not to leave me with any glass or cutlery , but the metal bracket had torn away from the bed frame easily and its sharp corners could inflict some pain . 
 `` keep your weapon where it is , child . 
 the sisters of crimson are no friends of the troika , no matter how well they pay . '' 
 i paused and looked at her . 
 `` ten thousand cs would buy a lot of food for your acolytes , sister . '' 
 `` true , but then i would have a debt on my soul i 'm not prepared to repay . '' 
 `` if you knew all of this i 'm surprised you let me in here to begin with . 
 some consider me quite dangerous . '' 
 her lips lifted in a slight smile . 
 `` especially the troika . '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` ten thousand charns seems a bit steep for assault , '' she said , leaning back in her chair . 
 `` no , i think they want you for another reason . '' 
 i looked down . 
 how much should i tell her ? 
 even if i knew i could trust her , i 'd be risking her life by sharing information she should n't know . 
 `` let 's just say i have intimate knowledge of a few skeletons in the troika 's closet , '' i said . 
 `` oh , i bet you do . '' 
 her lips twitched . 
 `` so they made up the code violation then ? '' 
 `` not necessarily . '' 
 i did n't elaborate . 
 i crossed my arms to let her know that was all i had to say about the matter . 
 `` fair enough , '' she said . 
 `` i suppose you 've already guessed that a crowd of troika guards have gathered outside ? '' 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 `` you got a plan ? '' 
 `` run like hell . '' 
 `` in other words , you 've got no plan at all . '' 
 she leaned forward with her elbows on the desk . 
 if she had n't been wearing the robes of a holy order , her expression would have reminded me of a conspirator . 
 `` lucky for you , i do . '' 
 three . 
 the chatelaine walked ahead of me down a musty corridor hidden behind one of the tapestries in her office . 
 `` are you sure the troika does n't know about these tunnels ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the troika 's influence ends at my door . 
 they may control everyone else , but they 're too superstitious to screw with the keepers of the sacred knowledge . '' 
 `` you sure do n't talk like a religious leader . '' 
 she turned to look at me , a wicked smile on her face . 
 `` i was n't always a sister of crimson . 
 it was only after the war killed my family that i took the blood vows . 
 before that , i led a somewhat more ... dissolute existence . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` even the holy have secrets , child . '' 
 she winked and held the torch higher . 
 `` things get tight through here . 
 watch your head . '' 
 we walked a bit farther in silence . 
 but i had questions and if i did n't ask them now , i might not have a chance . 
 `` are n't you worried about what will happen when i do n't walk out by the deadline ? '' 
 `` the twenty-four hour thing is more of a self-imposed rule . 
 our leaders instated it when some of our guests began overstaying their welcome . 
 the troika has no say in our laws , so long as we continue to absolve them of their sins they leave us alone . '' 
 `` why are you helping me ? '' 
 she stopped and turned awkwardly in the narrow space . 
 `` look , do n't misunderstand . 
 i 'm not in the business of liberating all fugitives who seek our aid . 
 my priority is protecting my sanguinary and my acolytes . 
 if you have information that can hurt the troika , i 'm damned well going to help you get it out there . 
 many of us want things to return like they were before the troika took over . '' 
 `` how do you know i 'm not lying about having information on them ? '' 
 she looked me in the eyes , and an emotion i could n't name overcame me . 
 something unfamiliar , yet powerful . 
 i could n't put my finger on it . 
 `` do n't let my coarse talk and practical manner fool you , child . 
 i am a believer . 
 and i believe the goddess put you on my doorstep for a reason . 
 it is not my place to question this . 
 it is my duty to follow my gut and further her plans . '' 
 the light in her eyes suddenly made sense to me . 
 sister agrippa had faith . 
 i only believed in three things : my right fist , my left fist , and my gut . 
 the vein of mysticism running through the troika 's top echelons made me uneasy . 
 but if the sister 's belief in the divine was the reason she was helping me , i was n't going to refuse . 
 `` besides , '' she continued , `` i knew your mother . '' 
 she walked ahead , leaving me slack-jawed . 
 i sped to catch up . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 the chatelaine cleared a cobweb that spanned the width of the tunnel . 
 `` long ago . 
 before the wars . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i asked , impatient . 
 `` we met at school . 
 she was one of the few sapiens to be decent to the fanged kids when we were integrated into human schools . 
 after graduation we lost touch . 
 i heard she met your father and got involved in the one species movement while i went on to ... other things . '' 
 she looked off into the shadows of the tunnel , as if it was a portal to the past . 
 `` alexis did n't have blood in her veins -- she had fire . '' 
 the admiration in agrippa 's tone made my skin feel too tight . 
 `` i heard she passed away during the battle of new york , '' the sister said after a few moments of tense silence . 
 `` i was sorry to hear that . 
 anyone ever tell you that you could be her twin ? '' 
 i swallowed hard against the unwanted rush of emotion rising in my throat and shook my head . 
 the troika had n't been real interested in reminiscing about my mother . 
 she glanced at me sharply , like she wanted to interrogate me about my upbringing , but we 'd reached the end of the corridor . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 she pointed to a red door set in the dirt wall . 
 red means life . 
 she knocked once , twice , a pause , twice more . 
 obviously a code . 
 a panel slid back in the door , and two eyes peered out . 
 `` password ? '' 
 the voice sounded female , but husky enough that it might have been male . 
 the chatelaine leaned forward and whispered something i could n't hear . 
 the door opened almost immediately . 
 over the sister 's shoulder , i got the impression of shadows milling around the dim space . 
 the scent of unwashed bodies punched me in the nose . 
 the sister turned to me . 
 `` i must leave you here . 
 they 'll take care of you . '' 
 `` what ? 
 you ca n't -- i have no idea who these people are . '' 
 `` they 're friends . 
 members of the resistance . '' 
 `` who 've you brought us , chatelaine ? '' 
 the male voice had the sharp-edged confidence of one used to being answered . 
 the light was so dim , i could n't make out his face except for the outline of long hair and the stock of a shotgun jutting over his shoulder . 
 `` this is carmina , daughter of alexis sargosa . '' 
 i glanced sharply at the nun . 
 this was a fine time to finally start using my real name . 
 `` the troika call her meridian six . '' 
 the man came forward into the light of the chatelaine 's torch . 
 when his features came into view , i gasped and stumbled back into the nun . 
 scars webbed across his face like a mask of wax . 
 his ruined mouth twisted into what i guessed was supposed to be a scowl . 
 `` so you 're the infamous traitor ? '' 
 he sniffed and jerked away like he 'd smelled something foul on me . 
 `` the troika 's whore . '' 
 `` icarus . '' 
 each of the three syllables were weighed down with censure from the chatelaine . 
 `` she 's a fugitive . 
 and she has information that could help the cause . '' 
 a female stepped forward . 
 her thin frame contradicted the posture of a warrior . 
 brown stubble sprouted from her pale scalp . 
 a piercing yellow vampire 's gaze raked over my body . 
 `` bullshit . 
 she 's a troika spy . '' 
 sister agrippa sighed . 
 `` no she is n't , dare . 
 bringing her here was my idea . '' 
 `` she just wants you to think that ! '' 
 the female named dare spat back . 
 `` if the troika wanted to use me to defeat the rebels , '' i shot a pointed look at her threadbare clothes , `` do n't you think they 'd send me to infiltrate one that posed an actual threat ? '' 
 she gasped and icarus 's eyes narrowed to sharp slits . 
 besides me , the nun muttered a curse under her breath . 
 i should have regretted my words , which had been motivated by anger more than logic . 
 but did n't . 
 it sounded a lot like agrippa wanted me to team up with the rebels , but my only plan was to get as far from the troika as possible . 
 i braced myself for the return attack , hoping the chatelaine would step in should it get out of hand . 
 instead , after a couple of tense seconds , the vamp 's lips twitched and a snort escaped her pale lips . 
 `` fuck you , traitor . '' 
 `` fuck you too , hemo , '' i said using the slang humans used for vampires . 
 icarus kept his eyes on me while i argued with his second in command . 
 his gaze was assessing , weighing and judging . 
 he found me lacking if the angry twist to his lip was any indication . 
 i met his gaze with an unblinking glare . 
 finally , he spit on the dirt next to my feet . 
 `` she can stay . '' 
 the air escaped the room . 
 sister agrippa looked as shocked at dare . 
 `` icarus -- '' his vampire friend began , but he shook his head and disappeared back into the room . 
 over his shoulder he said , `` if she steps out of line , we 'll just kill her . '' 
 as he walked away , i noticed his hair was long enough to cover the back of his neck . 
 every human captured or born since the troika took over was blood-typed upon birth and tattooed with their type on the back of their neck . 
 therefore , all humans under troika control were required to keep their hair short or shaved completely . 
 my hair was short because of the regulations , but the back of my neck did n't bear the mark of my blood type . 
 the troika decided it would look bad on camera . 
 thank goodness , too , because the ab negative tattoo would be like a bull 's eye to any vamp i ran into on the outside . 
 the vampire and i stared at each other across the threshold . 
 my fingers itched to grab the knife at my ankle , but judging from her haggard appearance she was two seconds from flying into a blood rage . 
 if it came to that i 'd be dinner . 
 `` let me guess , your friends from camp vamp call you six , right , tough girl ? '' 
 the vampire said with an eye-roll . 
 `` i do n't have any friends . '' 
 especially none from `` camp vamp '' as she had so charmingly called the barracks masquerading as a school for troika youth i 'd grown up in . 
 `` and call me carmina . '' 
 `` carmina , sure . 
 you heard icarus . 
 you want to keep breathing ? 
 you 'll do what we say . '' 
 i flicked an angry glance at the chatelaine for bringing me here in the first place . 
 grabbing her sleeve , i pulled her a little further down the corridor . 
 `` thanks a lot . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's either them or take your chances sneaking past the army waiting for you topside . '' 
 `` why did you tell them i have intel ? '' 
 `` well you do , do n't you ? '' 
 `` sure , but i 'm not interested in joining the resistance . '' 
 the older woman crossed her arms and gave me a schoolmarm glare . 
 `` you did n't have a plan at all when you ran , did you ? '' 
 i chewed my bottom lip . 
 `` my only goal was to get away from the troika and find this place . 
 figured the rest would sort itself out . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` i 'm going to give you a little bit of advice that might extend your life a little . 
 no one makes it very far in this world without choosing a side . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` do n't you think that 's a little hypocritical coming from a woman who poses as a religious leader for the troika while secretly supporting the rebels . '' 
 `` i said you 've got to pick a side , not that you had to announce it . '' 
 her lips twitched . 
 `` my point is no one can survive the bad lands alone . 
 i could give you a few rations and supplies , but you would n't make it out there two days before a rover tracked you down or a pack of dogs caught your scent . '' 
 seeing my hesitation , she continued . 
 `` i 'm not going to force you to give me your reasons for choosing now to run , but i assume they must have been pretty good . '' 
 i looked up to see sympathy in her gaze . 
 she had n't survived this long without knowing a thing or two about the sorts of things that made a girl finally take her chances between running and death . 
 `` but these people here ? 
 they fight on the side of freedom . 
 and judging from what you said , freedom 's what you want . '' 
 i took a deep breath as the truth of her words battered some of my resistance . 
 when i 'd formed my plan to escape , my only goal had been to find sister agrippa 's convent . 
 but now i had stumbled back into a rebellion that left me behind a little less than two decades earlier . 
 a rebellion that did n't fit into my plans at all . 
 but now it seemed that pretending to continue my mother 's work was the only way to ensure my survival for the immediate future . 
 `` the resistance is poor , underfed and outnumbered , '' she said . 
 `` but we 're also mad as hell and we want our world back . 
 if you have information that can help that happen , then use it to ensure you get the freedom you want . '' 
 i looked into the shadows of the tunnel behind me and thought about the secret police gathered on the chatelaine 's doorstep . 
 i thought about my mother , who 'd died fighting against the vampires who 'd raised me to be the poster child for obedient humans . 
 and i thought about how those bite marks found their way onto my thighs . 
 about the blood-smeared smile on the prime 's face when he told me his plans for the future . 
 my stomach cramped with the memory of pain , of blood loss . 
 `` well ? '' 
 dare called from the doorway . 
 `` what 's it going to be ? '' 
 icarus had come back to join her . 
 he shot me a look that looked a lot like he expected me to lose my nerve and run . 
 i licked my dry lips and looked him in the eyes . 
 `` i 'm in . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` not so fast . 
 you 'll have to pass inspection by saga first . '' 
 `` who 's saga ? '' 
 `` he 's an elder of the movement , '' dare offered . 
 `` if you 're lying he 'll know it . 
 regardless he 'll award us rations for bringing the famous troika whore to him . '' 
 she was trying to get a rise out of me . 
 i met her challenging gaze levelly . 
 `` you have me at a disadvantage it seems . 
 after all , you know so much about me , but i 've never even heard of you . '' 
 something flickered in icarus 's eyes . 
 he banked the fire quickly , but i 'd already filed the vulnerability away in my arsenal . 
 `` we ca n't leave to meet saga until daybreak , '' he snapped . 
 `` it 'll be a two-day walk . 
 on the way you 'll be expected to contribute to food and water stores . 
 you threaten any of my people , you so much as look at one of them the wrong way and i do n't care who the f ** k your mother was , i 'll end you with my bare hands . '' 
 `` and do i receive the same rights should one of your people threaten me ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said simply . 
 `` but you 're welcome to go back to the fortress if you 're concerned about your safety . 
 from the looks of you -- '' his gaze scraped down my frame -- `` you were well taken care of there . '' 
 the insult flashed like neon . 
 to these half-starved rebels my healthy color and lack of protruding ribs were the hallmarks of a traitor . 
 i 'd never convince them i was n't a willing blood mate to the troika 's inner circle . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 i held out my hand to shake on it . 
 icarus offered his left hand . 
 it was then that i noticed how his right arm was atrophied and curled up against his side like a broken wing . 
 still , his handclasp was strong and confident , like a man who did n't let a few injuries get in the way of his strength . 
 `` now that that 's settled , '' the chatelaine stepped forward . 
 `` i 've brought along a pint of blood for you , dare , and some milk for rabbit . 
 i 'm afraid it 's all i could spare . '' 
 the vampire smiled for the first time since we arrived . 
 where her fangs should have been there were two empty spaces . 
 i gasped , realizing she was a eunuch . 
 `` were you a servant ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 dare froze and raised her chin . 
 `` i 'm no one 's slave , whore . '' 
 she ran her tongue over the twin voids . 
 `` i removed them myself . '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because fangs are symbols of corruption and greed . '' 
 `` but without them you ca n't heal as fast or live as long -- '' `` the strength i lost is offset by being able to stand proudly in the sun with my human comrades . '' 
 i had no idea how to respond to the fervor in her tone . 
 i 'd known many vampire servants over the years who 'd had their fangs forcibly removed to keep them weaker than their masters . 
 the idea of someone doing that to themselves was unfathomable . 
 dismissing me , dare bowed and kissed the chatelaine 's fingers before taking the gifts from her . 
 `` thank you , sister . '' 
 she tossed the small bladder of milk at a lanky boy -- the one the chatelaine called `` rabbit '' -- who looked no older than twelve . 
 he had a mop of black hair on his head and was so thin , his collarbones jutted from his chest like twin blades . 
 he shot the sister a dimpled grin that lit up the dark room and scuttled away into the corner with dare to feast on the meager buffet . 
 `` i must be off now , '' the sister said . 
 `` six -- '' at my frown , she corrected herself '' -- i mean , carmina ... it 's been a pleasure . '' 
 she pressed something into my hand . 
 i uncurled my fingers and looked down at the red disk with a black lotus in the center-the symbol of the sisterhood . 
 `` for luck , '' she whispered with a flash of a dimple . 
 i watched her walk away with a sense of dread and shock . 
 how had all this happened so fast ? 
 `` well ? '' 
 icarus said . 
 he held his good hand toward the door . 
 `` you coming in ? '' 
 i looked at the red door and remembered the last words my mother said to me as the troika army closed in . 
 never stop fighting , carmina . 
 red means life . 
 she 'd whispered them to me two seconds before the bullet slammed into her chest . 
 her eyes had gone wide . 
 `` run ! '' 
 at the time , she 'd been warning me to find one of the sister of crimson 's convents before the troika found me . 
 but it had been too late for both of us back then . 
 my mother died on her way to the fortress for questioning , and i 'd been captured before i 'd stumbled tear-blinded and terrified from the burnt out shell of a building in old new york . 
 in the seventeen years since that bloody night , my mother 's face , her scent had blurred and disappeared from my memory . 
 but not her voice . 
 i 'd been raised by my mother 's enemies . 
 trained to serve vampires . 
 to be the model human . 
 to spread the troika 's gospel of blood and glory . 
 to be their whore . 
 icarus raised his eyebrow in challenge when i hesitated on the threshold . 
 i blew out a breath , placed the chatelaine 's good luck totem around my neck , and put one foot in front of the other . 
 dare closed the red door behind me . 
 my heart hammered in time with the bolts slamming home . 
 red means life . 
 four . 
 dawn . 
 i could n't remember the last time i 'd seen a sunrise . 
 after years living among the vampires , i 'd forgotten the sting to the corneas , the warmth on my face , the way sunlight made the world explode in a riot of color . 
 streaks of pink and yellow slashed across the horizon . 
 but closer to our small band , the colors were deep purples and blues . 
 branches arched like charred bones overhead . 
 occasionally a puff of white steam emerged from one of our yawning mouths . 
 i huddled into the threadbare cloak i 'd been issued . 
 the shoes the chatelaine had given me the night before were n't so comfortable when tested by the rocks and crags of what remained of the old highway . 
 back in the day , the highway had been the main artery into the city , but now it was nothing more than rubble overgrown with thick vines and the carcasses of dead trees . 
 this was our second day on the road . 
 i 'd spent the first day trying to keep my head down and listen to the hushed conversations of my companions . 
 no one spoke to me , but they accepted my presence -- almost like i was a dog they tolerated instead of a person . 
 that suited me just fine . 
 gave me time to think about what had happened and plan for what was coming . 
 according to the stories dare told rabbit to keep him entertained , saga was a legend among the rebels . 
 in the before times , back when humans ran things , there had been these buildings called `` libraries , '' which were filled with books people could borrow for free . 
 apparently saga used to be in charge of one of these libraries . 
 now he led an army of starving children . 
 `` yo , six , '' rabbit called . 
 i looked behind me to see him jogging to catch up with me . 
 my steps slowed to accommodate him . 
 when he reached me , his breath puffed out in small clouds of white . 
 a voice cleared nearby and i looked up to see dare glaring at the boy for speaking to me . 
 i ignored her and smiled at the kid . 
 `` is it true you 're ab neg ? '' 
 i tripped over my feet as much from the shock as the thick vine that seemed to come out of nowhere . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 rabbit jerked his head toward dare , who was suddenly very interested in her shoes . 
 `` so what if i am ? '' 
 i said , evading . 
 his dirty face morphed into mask of disbelief . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? 
 there 's people give their right arm to be in that blood group . '' 
 and many had given their arms . 
 their heads and lives , too . 
 the caste system set up by the troika based on blood types had given humans an excuse to turn on each other in all sorts of horrible ways . 
 `` no , rabbit , '' i lied . 
 `` i 'm not ab neg . 
 the troika made that up as part of their propaganda campaign . '' 
 i was n't lying out of some urge to be humble . 
 i lied to save my life . 
 dare was n't a troika vamp , but i did n't trust anyone who craved blood with the knowledge that the rarest of all blood types flowed through my veins . 
 his face fell . 
 `` well what are ya ? '' 
 i briefly considered saying something else , like o positive . 
 no vampire would even think about helping themselves to my blood , then . 
 but it also would have sent up warning bells . 
 o positive people were the lowest of the low in the blood caste system . 
 no doubt it would have marked me as untouchable , but it also would have raised questions since the troika would never keep such a low-ranking human in such a public role . 
 `` b positive , '' i said instead . 
 middle of the road . 
 neither coveted , nor disdained . 
 the kid screwed up his lips . 
 `` that 's boring . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` so , is icarus your dad or something ? '' 
 he shot me a look that said he doubted my intelligence . 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` where 's your family , then ? '' 
 `` mom and dad were rebels but died of the thirst when i was tiny . 
 dare found me and took me in . '' 
 he turned and motioned at the prickly vampire who stalked down the road like she was looking for a fight . 
 `` how did you two end up with him ? '' 
 icarus was n't around or i would n't have asked . 
 he 'd spent most of the last day walking ahead to make sure the path was clear , which was fine with me . 
 rabbit looked around , like he was afraid of being overheard , too . 
 `` we found him a couple years ago . 
 just after he escaped a labor camp , '' my brows shot up . 
 most humans who were n't kept as pets by the troika were divided into labor camps and blood camps , depending on their blood types . 
 as far as i knew , no one escaped the camps . 
 ever . 
 of course , i got all my information from the troika , who would n't be too eager to share that humans were slipping past their security on a regular basis . 
 still , i assumed that if rabbit was telling the truth , icarus had managed a feat few other humans had managed . 
 the boy leaned in to share secrets . 
 `` that 's why he 's the way he is . '' 
 the boy waved a small hand over his arm to indicate icarus 's wounds . 
 `` he fell from the wall and broke his arm in five places . '' 
 `` how did he get the burns ? '' 
 i asked , unable to resist my curiosity . 
 `` oh , that was different -- '' `` enough talking , '' dare snapped . 
 `` we need to keep an eye out for rovers . '' 
 rabbit shot me an apologetic look and broke away to continue his patrol of the brush around the road . 
 as the smallest of the group , it was easiest for him to roam in the high grasses . 
 i glanced at dare as the kid disappeared . 
 she glared at me like i 'd committed some huge sin of impropriety . 
 `` until saga clears you , keep to yourself . 
 i wo n't have you poisoning the kid with your lies . '' 
 i clenched my teeth together to keep from taking her bait . 
 part of me wondered if she wanted me to lose my temper and fight her . 
 what was the point ? 
 we both knew she 'd win . 
 while i 'd had some training and could hold my own , i could n't begin to compete with the battle-honed reflexes of a vampire who 'd spent most of her life scraping an existence out of the shit mountain the world had become . 
 `` maybe you should be telling that to the kid , then . '' 
 `` you 're smart , huh ? 
 we 'll see what saga says about that . '' 
 after that , we fell into silence and i focused on putting one foot in front of the other . 
 my brain wanted to worry about what this mysterious scribe had in store for me , but i refused to indulge it . 
 i was living on borrowed time as it was , no sense wasting precious minutes guessing at outcomes i could n't predict . 
 besides , even if this mysterious scribe did n't buy my story , i still had a few trump cards up my sleeve . 
 # trouble arrived two hours later . 
 icarus had returned from one of his scouting trips and was softly talking to dare somewhere behind me when the vibration hit us . 
 a low hum from the horizon , lost at first under the crunch of our feet on the gravel and the howls of the cold winds . 
 rabbit recognized the danger first . 
 his small body stiffened and his head lifted to the sky , like an animal 's scenting the air . 
 `` bats , '' he whispered . 
 that little word was like a match igniting under a bundle of dried kindling . 
 one second everyone froze , the next we scattered like roaches . 
 i was n't so used to disappearing at a moment 's notice , so it took me a few additional , very precious seconds to catch on to the fact they were all suddenly climbing trees . 
 icarus grabbed me by my shirt collar and pulled me toward the nearest trunk . 
 `` climb . 
 quickly ! '' 
 something in his voice told me not to argue . 
 the tree he pushed me toward had a trunk covered with thorns and tiny , sharp twigs . 
 scrapes and cuts welled along my inner arms and face , but i ignored them in my urgency to scramble up into the canopy . 
 icarus 's pants and soft curses reached me as he climbed beneath me . 
 finally , i reached a large branch well-camouflaged by leaves . 
 icarus took a large branch a level below mine . 
 `` hang on and try not to move . '' 
 not a problem , i thought , looking down . 
 from that height , a fall would result in multiple broken bones or possibly death . 
 and that would be before the bats got a hold of your flesh . 
 the black cloud broke the horizon and the sun flashed off thousands of leathery black wings . 
 closer now , the hum turned into a high-pitched whirr . 
 the vibrations shook me so hard my teeth rattled . 
 i placed my hands over my ears to help muffle the sounds , but it did n't help much . 
 bats were essentially robotic drones that patrolled the bad lands . 
 if they detected any movement or noises indicating life , they would corner the potential prey and report back to the closest troika substation , which would send out vampires after dark to investigate any anomalies . 
 all we had to do was stay still and quiet and the swarm would fly right past us . 
 at least that was the ideal scenario . 
 but just before the black mass reached us , a loud crack sounded nearby . 
 i lifted my head up and searched for the source . 
 time slowed . 
 not fifteen seconds later , a louder second crack exploded . 
 a split second later , a child 's shout . 
 one second rabbit had been clinging to his own branch in a tree several yards from the one icarus and i perched on . 
 the next , gravity pulled the kid toward the earth . 
 he crashed through three smaller branches on his way down before finally grabbing onto one about ten feet from the ground . 
 `` shit , '' i whispered . 
 relief that he had n't hit the ground was short-lived as the realization he was way too exposed sunk in . 
 `` we have to help him . '' 
 i glanced over and saw icarus scanning the area , like he was looking for solutions that were n't materializing . 
 the hand i could see was reaching back as if to remove something from his pocket . 
 `` do n't . 
 move . '' 
 i did n't actually hear the words come from his mouth . 
 it was more a combination of lip reading and my own mind telling me the same message . 
 my mind and icarus had nothing to worry about because i was frozen in fear . 
 over the years , i 'd seen troika officers laughing over footage of bats ripping apart animals . 
 i knew they were designed to inflict ultimate pain and a slow , torturous death . 
 but before icarus could do whatever he had planned , dare decided he had taken too long to act . 
 she leapt down from her own branch . 
 just when it looked like she was going to land on the same branch as rabbit , her hand slipped . 
 she plummeted toward the ground and landed in a heap . 
 in the next moment , the swarm of bats reached the tree . 
 my heart tried to claw its way out of my chest . 
 i moved to leap down , but icarus 's shout stopped me . 
 `` do you want to die , too ? '' 
 `` of course not , but i ca n't just sit here and watch them get killed . '' 
 i could n't keep the accusation out of my voice . 
 the judgment over his own assumed lack of interest in saving his team . 
 before he could answer or defend himself i started crawling out of my perch . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 the high-pitched noises made my eardrums feel like they would burst any second . 
 the thorns and branches bit into my hands . 
 and behind me , icarus launched creative curses after my retreating form . 
 i focused on trying to reach dare before the bats decided to attack . 
 by the time my feet touched the ground , the kid was screaming for help . 
 i did n't pause to see if icarus followed me . 
 i just launched myself toward dare 's too-still body . 
 the bats were circling the tree . 
 i had to duck and roll to avoid the wide ribbon of claws and metal fangs . 
 `` six ! '' 
 rabbit called . 
 `` help her ! '' 
 i nodded curtly , not making eye contact in case he 'd see my fear . 
 a few more running steps and i slid onto my side to land next to dare . 
 i curled my body around her , ducking my head over her shoulder to look into her face . 
 her eyes were closed and a nasty red wound pulsed on her scalp . 
 a blood-smeared rock nearby told me she 'd had the roughest possible landing . 
 the wings circling us kicked up a cyclone of wind . 
 small rocks , dry grass stalks and dirt got into my eyes , my mouth . 
 i shied away from the stinging projectiles , but dare did n't move . 
 i wedged two fingers against her neck . 
 the quadruple beat of her six-chambered vampire heart was dull but blessedly present . 
 alive -- for now . 
 i glanced over my shoulder to see icarus climbing rabbit 's tree . 
 squinting , i cursed the coward for not helping me . 
 even if dare regained consciousness and could fight , the two of us versus a swarm of blood-thirsty bats was no contest . 
 why were they sitting there for so long ? 
 were they toying with us ? 
 i felt my own thumping heartbeat and decided they were toying with us . 
 blood was best served warm , after all , and nothing warmed a human 's blood like fear . 
 my eyes were scanning the immediate area for a weapon when the air shifted . 
 hard to tell what exactly . 
 a lessening , i guess . 
 i licked at my dry lips and tried to keep my legs from twitching despite the overwhelming urge to run . 
 i curled tighter around dare 's body , hoping the position would afford us both some protection . 
 and then , from what seemed a far distance , the sound of a concussion -- almost like a bottle rocket -- cut through the other noise , muted but distinctive . 
 the noise sounded , the thump-thump-thump of my heart in my ears , the maddening flap of thousands of wings . 
 and , finally , the entire swarm of bats took off like tiny bullets through the blue sky . 
 i did n't move for a long time . 
 i 'm not sure for how long , but it was well after the vibrations had quieted and the wind had died down and the sudden silence pressed in from all sides . 
 eventually , the undergrowth rustled and the sounds of breathing reached me . 
 jerking around from surprise , i turned to see icarus 's solemn face peering down at me . 
 he did n't offer a comforting touch of the arm or a polite inquiry about my well-being . 
 instead , he simply said , `` time to move . '' 
 `` wh -- why did they leave so quickly ? '' 
 he held up a small device . 
 i recognized it as the item i 'd seen him pull from his pocket earlier . 
 `` sonic charge . '' 
 he knelt down beside me and checked dare 's vitals . 
 using a dirty hand , he slapped at her cheeks and poured a little of our precious water supply on her lips . 
 eventually , she sputtered and came to cursing . 
 `` what the f ** k happened ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 icarus smiled down at her . 
 it was the first time i 'd seen the expression on his face and was shocked to find it utterly transformed his looks . 
 the scars were less noticeable and it was hard not to think this icarus was maybe a little likable . 
 but then i remembered how he 'd hung back while dare lay so vulnerable on the ground . 
 `` you tried to be a hero , '' he said . 
 `` and almost got yourself killed . '' 
 his expression did n't change despite the reprimand inherent in his words . 
 she gasped and tried to sit up . 
 `` the kid ? '' 
 icarus and i pressed her back . 
 behind us , rabbit called out . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 i turned to see rabbit looking incredibly young and vulnerable as he leaned against a tree trunk like he needed its support . 
 he forced a brave smile , but his hands were digging into the bark behind him . 
 then icarus made some joke i did n't get -- some sort of insider secret joke i was n't invited to share . 
 rabbit laughed and dare chuckled between wheezes . 
 while they talked , i checked over her limbs for broken bones . 
 she gasped when i touched her ribs on the side she 'd landed on , but i quickly realized they were bruised , not broken . 
 icarus met my gaze over her and raised a brow . 
 `` she 'll live , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'm worried about moving her . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` no choice . 
 that diversion wo n't keep the bats away long . 
 we need to double time to book mountain before dark . '' 
 we both glanced down at dare , who 'd been listening to the exchange . 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` i 'll be okay , i think . 
 just help me up , '' together , we hefted her off the ground , ignoring the groans and hisses she could n't keep in . 
 finally , after a little bit of wobbling , she managed to stand on her own . 
 she had a goose egg on her forehead , a few bruised ribs and probably some nasty contusions down the right side of her body . 
 i grabbed all her gear despite her protests while rabbit found a long branch for her to lean on . 
 when he ran back , holding it out to her like a trophy , she threw it aside . 
 ignoring the kid 's hurt look , she raised her chin . 
 `` i can do this on my own . '' 
 with that she limped off with rabbit trailing her with a hangdog expression . 
 i stayed behind for a few moments . 
 tilting my head back , i look up at the perfectly blue sky with fat cotton wool clouds . 
 if i squinted just right , the image totally filled my vision . 
 for those few seconds , i could imagine i was n't standing in the middle of a ravaged wasteland filled with vampires who wanted me dead -- or worse . 
 i could pretend that i was still young . 
 still five years old , laying in a field next to my mom , who pointed out clouds with interesting shapes . 
 my eyes stung for those long ago days , back before the vampires came and mama died . 
 i mourned for that little girl who had yet to suffer the touch of cold , dead hands . 
 `` six ! '' 
 dare yelled . 
 `` move ! '' 
 five . 
 three hours later , the sun was a bloody highlight along the horizon . 
 overhead the happy blue sky had dissolved into the inky twilight shadows . 
 i smelled our destination before i saw it . 
 the closer we got , the more the putrid cloud of rot and decay coated the nose and mouth . 
 i covered my face with my elbow . 
 `` christ , what is that smell ? '' 
 i demanded through the crook of my elbow . 
 by this point , we 'd come over a rise and could see the source of the stench . 
 spread out before us were dozens of mounds of garbage that seemed to stretch for miles . 
 a large fence surrounded the place , but it was pocked with holes and fallen sections , like the people who created the landfill had even given up on it . 
 icarus motioned ahead in a wide , sweeping gesture . 
 `` welcome to the book mountain . '' 
 `` book mountain ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` more like trash mountain . '' 
 icarus 's eyebrows twitched with annoyance . 
 `` under all that trash is one man 's greatest treasure . '' 
 `` saga ? '' 
 i said , repeating the name they 'd mentioned . 
 `` only rebels get to call him by that name , '' dare said . 
 `` you will call him ` the scribe . ' '' 
 `` do you even know what a book is ? '' 
 icarus said , his tone insulting . 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` of course . '' 
 although i had n't seen an actual book in years , i still had n't forgotten how precious they were to my mother . 
 our little apartment was filled with rickety bookcases made from cinder blocks and wood . 
 mom used to leave paperbacks all over the house so she 'd never be more than an arm 's length away from one of her precious books . 
 the rusted metal gates were covered in pits and flakes of paint . 
 a drunken sign hanging from the top warned trespassers to keep out . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` that gate would n't keep an infant out . '' 
 a smile lifted the corner of icarus 's mouth . 
 `` do n't let it fool you . 
 saga has plenty of booby traps throughout this place . 
 keep your eyes open and be ready to duck and roll . '' 
 the gate screeched a warning but offered no other resistance . 
 beyond it , as far as i could see , were mountains of trash . 
 rusted out cadavers of automobiles , wheel-less baby carriages , old clothes waving in the breeze like flags of surrender . 
 hills made of plastic bottles and used diapers . 
 aluminum cans , cereal boxes , containers made of something icarus called styrofoam . 
 after years spent in the sterile halls of the dormitories and the crisp , modern palaces of the troika 's leaders , this pit of rot and decay was a shock to the system . 
 a morbid museum documenting the consumption habits of pre-war humans . 
 as we passed a tall pile of shoes , icarus stopped and started digging . 
 i looked down at my feet . 
 by that time , the shoes the chatelaine had given me were meager scraps that barely covered my feet . 
 the places where they 'd worn away were covered in weeping blisters and cuts from two days of walking . 
 still , i hesitated to dive in like dare and rabbit did the instant icarus gave the nod . 
 rabbit emerged from the pile with a victorious whoop . 
 he had a boot in each hand . 
 the set did n't match -- one was black , the other brown -- but they appeared to be the same size . 
 without hesitation , he kicked off his threadbare sandals . 
 `` damn , '' the kid said . 
 `` too big . '' 
 he glanced around . 
 seeing that dare was in the process of putting on some she 'd found , his gaze shot to me . 
 `` here . '' 
 he thrust the prizes toward me . 
 i hesitated . 
 the kid frowned at me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` miss priss probably thinks her tender feet are too good for second-hand shoes . '' 
 this came from dare . 
 hers matched , but that 's about as much as they had going for them . 
 i avoided her too-knowing glare and grabbed the boots from rabbit . 
 `` thanks , kid . '' 
 they were still warm and gritty from his feet . 
 i ignored my natural urge to recoil and shoved my foot in all the way . 
 it was only when the leather cupped my heel that i realized the damned things fit like they 'd been made for my foot . 
 `` ha ! 
 look at that , '' rabbit said , beaming . 
 i glanced down at our feet . 
 mine with the mismatched but well-made boots and rabbits bare and covered in dirt and blood . 
 shame washed through me . 
 this kid had never in his life known the luxury of new shoes . 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` let 's find you some now . '' 
 `` here , buddy , '' icarus called from across the pile . 
 he tossed a pair of scuffed wingtips across . 
 the kid looked like he 'd been handed gold . 
 `` wow , thanks ick ! '' 
 i raised my brows at the nickname and received a grimace in return . 
 `` put them on quick . 
 saga 's waiting . '' 
 # a couple of minutes later , icarus led us to a pile of old cars . 
 i glanced around , expecting a pack of junkyard dogs or a swarm of bats to attack at any moment . 
 even among the mountains of trash , we were way too exposed for my liking . 
 ignoring my worried glances , icarus took his time finding a stone from the red dirt . 
 once he found a specimen he liked he sucked at his teeth while he squinted at the pile . 
 a split second before i opened my mouth to ask what he was doing , he threw the rock at the rusted hood of a blue car about halfway up the pile . 
 just when i was ready to call bullshit , a small mechanical sound reached my ear . 
 like small gears grinding . 
 an instant later a headlight from a red car lower on the stack broke away from the car 's frame . 
 it rose up on a telescoping rod and once it reached about twelve inches up , the top portion flipped over to reveal a camera 's eye imbedded inside . 
 i raised my brows and shot dare a look . 
 she shot back a shit-eating grin . 
 then she mugged for the camera and gave it a wave . 
 icarus just stood with his legs braced and his jaw tight , which from what i could tell was his relaxed stance . 
 a red light blinked to the right of the eye , but no voices came from the cars and no armies appeared from the surrounding trash piles . 
 instead , another mechanical sound followed by a whoosh of air escaping some sort of airlock sent a puff of rusty dust up from the trunk of a large sedan . 
 icarus motioned a hand toward the yawning trunk . 
 `` after you . '' 
 i considered suggesting he go f ** k himself , but paused . 
 we 'd come to this place so i could be tested . 
 something told me to balk at going in first would earn me a failing grade before i 'd even crossed the threshold . 
 so instead of arguing , i raised my chin , adjusted my canteen on its shoulder strap and took a purposeful step toward the dark void . 
 `` watch your step , '' rabbit warned . 
 `` that first one 's tricky . '' 
 the helpful suggestion earned the kid a knock on the shoulder from dare . 
 he shot her an annoyed look as he massaged the tender spot . 
 `` what ? 
 we do n't want her to die before saga gets his hands on her . '' 
 the way he said it implied that surviving to meet saga might be worse than death , but i ignored it , shot him a nod of thanks for the warning and marched forward . 
 my new heavy boots clomped against the metal bumper . 
 the instant my feet hit the inside of the trunk , the bottom gave way and blue shadows swallowed me down a long , cold throat . 
 gravity tugged me down even as my stomach shot up to the back of my throat , blocking the screams that fought for freedom . 
 my back hit something hard and then my side did too . 
 i was in some sort of chute . 
 i could n't see anything and the air was clogged with dust and the cold , grey scent of clay . 
 i could only brace myself , hoping that whatever waited for me at the bottom was n't instantly lethal . 
 soon enough , the world slowed down and then went still altogether . 
 before i opened my eyes , i did a quick physical inventory . 
 when the pains in my arms , legs and back proved to be superficial , i listened for a moment . 
 i could hear sounds , like arguing , echoing far above my head . 
 the others were trying to decide who 'd come in after me . 
 but closer , down there where i lay on my side in the dark , i heard something far more menacing -- the sound of an animal breathing . 
 `` be very still , '' a male voice said from maybe twenty feet away -- hard to tell since the words echoed off the walls like we were inside some sort of cavern . 
 `` polonius has n't had his rations yet this day . '' 
 i opened my eyes and was pleased to find they 'd adjusted to the dark enough to allow me to make out the outline of a bent-male form standing next to a very large four-legged animal . 
 `` maybe polonius should be careful , too , '' i said . 
 `` i have n't had any rations today , either . '' 
 a low chuckle reached me . 
 `` you hide your fear . 
 that 's good . 
 but is it enough ? 
 we shall see . '' 
 i pushed myself out of my prone position to turn toward the voice . 
 `` show yourself , old man . '' 
 a light flared . 
 pain burst behind my pupils at the sudden brightness . 
 i covered them for a moment and then squinted toward the man . 
 i had to blink a few times before the blurry form took shape , but when it did , i dropped my hand and let my lids open wide . 
 standing next to the largest dog i had ever seen was the oldest man i had ever seen . 
 granted , in the post-troika world , men rarely lived longer than their thirtieth birthday . 
 even those who 'd been blessed -lrb- or cursed depending on your perspective -rrb- with a desirable blood type , still aged rapidly because of the constant demands on their veins . 
 and those who worked in the blood camps literally were worked to an early grave . 
 but the man before me had to be at least double that , but i did n't really have much to judge by . 
 his shoulders slumped forward , as if he was curling into himself . 
 he had a long , white beard , which he 'd braided into a long , thick strand . 
 in contrast to the hair on his face , his scalp was completely free of hair and the dome shone dully in the lantern light . 
 his clothes were simple grey homespun -- clean from what i could see and functional but completely free of ornamentation . 
 in his right hand , he held a lantern aloft and in his left was a wood staff taller than his own height . 
 the wood was highly polished and topped with a metal symbol i could n't make out from where i stood . 
 `` now that you 've had your look , '' he said , `` and i 've had mine , you can tell me your name , stranger . '' 
 i licked my dry lips . 
 `` my birth name is carmina sargosa . '' 
 i 'd chosen to give him that name first because he seemed old enough to know the history of my mother . 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` sargosa , you say ? 
 hmm . 
 and what name did they give you at the camp ? '' 
 `` i do n't come from the camps . '' 
 he pursed his lips . 
 `` do n't try to convince me you grew up in the resistance . 
 you 've got too many teeth in that mouth of yours . '' 
 my lips quirked . 
 `` i was raised in the dormitories . '' 
 he stilled . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` meridian . '' 
 `` let me guess -- cell six ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 he 'd known who i was all along . 
 those questions had been a test of my honesty . 
 he cocked his head . 
 `` what a coincidence . 
 someone named meridian six is wanted for attacking the prime just two nights past . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` should n't believe rumors . '' 
 for that matter how in the hell did he hear anything hiding as he did down in that pit . 
 swishing sounds came from behind me , indicating the others were on their way down the chute to join us . 
 icarus appeared first , of course . 
 unlike me , he did n't flail out of the tube and land on his ass . 
 instead he found his feet easily and came to join the old man and me . 
 `` what 's the story ? '' 
 he asked saga . 
 he flicked too-shred eyes in my direction . 
 `` i 'm intrigued . 
 bring her . '' 
 with that he turned flicking a , `` come polonius '' over his shoulder . 
 the dog executed a wide turn and followed his slow master back through the archway leading out of the cavern . 
 i looked at icarus . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 rabbit and dare shot out of the slide a split second before he said , `` now we find out if you get to live . '' 
 # as it turned out , the cavern i 'd landed in was only a tiny part of what turned out to be an extensive underground bunker . 
 icarus and the others led me into a long corridor . 
 the walls of this space were covered floor to ten-foot ceiling with books . 
 the musty scent of aged pages filled the space , and i wondered how saga managed to keep the books from rotting in the damp air . 
 icarus moved ahead to go talk to saga , leaving me in dare 's keeping . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 because of her wounds , i had to slow my pace , which was fine given the judgment waiting for me at the other end of corridor . 
 she glanced at me but i could tell she was n't happy to have to talk . 
 `` saga considers himself a historian , of sorts . 
 this is his library . '' 
 i glanced at the thousands of books . 
 `` what kind of historian ? '' 
 `` of the human race . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 i knew that when the troika decided to take over the planet , one of their first moves was buying up all media companies , which included servers filled with the bulk of shared knowledge on the planet . 
 when the actual war began , it was simply a matter of flipping a few switches to deprive humans of every electronic source of communication and information . 
 `` where did he get all these ? 
 i thought the troika confiscated all the remaining printed books when they took over . '' 
 `` they did . 
 but saga went underground long before the war began . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why would he do that ? '' 
 she sniffed , like my curiosity offended her . 
 but before she could explain , saga 's voice echoed down the hall . 
 `` because i never trusted the world wide web . 
 too many spiders . '' 
 my instinct was to declare the old man insane . 
 but i knew all too well how easily the troika had cut people off from each other because they 'd sacrificed their freedoms to the gods of convenience . 
 dare nudged me toward the doorway that saga 's voice had come from . 
 i stumbled across the portal and gasped . 
 i thought the hallway had a lot of books , but the -- well ` room ' was too pitiful a word -- i 'd just entered had more books than i ever imagined existed . 
 the room was really a wide , round circle that rose dozens of feet in the air . 
 like a silo of books . 
 tall , rickety ladders leaned against the towering shelves and walkways were built at intervals up the walls . 
 in the center of the room , a large desk stood atop a platform reached by a narrow bridge . 
 other bridges wagon-wheeled out at intervals to the shelves . 
 the tunnel of books continued far below , as well , and those appeared to be accessed by ladders leading down from the bridges . 
 `` tell me , carmina , can you read ? '' 
 i considered telling him to call me six , but the twinkle in his eye told me he 'd used my real name on purpose . 
 `` of course . '' 
 it would n't do for the troika 's propaganda doll to be ignorant . 
 `` what is your favorite book ? '' 
 when a man who owns more books than the number of humans left on the planet asks you your favorite book it 's not a casual question . 
 this was the beginning of the tests . 
 i raised my chin and went with the truth . 
 `` i 've never read a printed book , and the majority of story-discs i was allowed to read were written by vampires loyal to the troika . '' 
 `` no doubt they were heroic tales about brave vampires who defeated hordes of dirty humans . '' 
 my lips twitched . 
 `` you 've read blood bond , then ? '' 
 `` among others . '' 
 he clicked his tongue . 
 `` pedestrian writing , at best . 
 at worst , they 're terrifying windows into the psyche of our masters . '' 
 `` what 's your favorite book ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 not that i knew the titles of many human novels , but i figured a man like saga would jump at the chance to talk about his favorite stories . 
 maybe he 'd appreciate it so much he 'd go lighter on me in the trials . 
 `` fahrenheit 451 , '' he said immediately . 
 `` you 've heard of it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` bradbury . '' 
 his eyes flared . 
 `` i 'm impressed . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 the only reason i know of it was one of my teachers preached it as the perfect example of how humans were begging to be dominated by a superior species . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 saga 's face fell . 
 so did my hopes of passing his tests . 
 behind me rabbit cleared his throat . 
 `` my favorite is watership down . '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` you can read ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 rabbit puffed up his chest . 
 `` i ai n't a dumbass . '' 
 i smiled at the kid in apology . 
 `` what 's that one about ? '' 
 i wanted to keep the kid talking in hopes it would help saga forget i 'd insulted his favorite book . 
 `` watership down is about a group of heroic rabbits who have to leave their warren in order to find a new home . '' 
 `` that 's why he 's called rabbit , '' dare offered with an indulgent smile at the kid . 
 i nodded politely , wondering how anyone could sound so loyal to a silly story about rabbits . 
 `` that 's nice , '' i said when they all looked at me expectantly . 
 saga 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` what do you remember of your mother ? '' 
 the question was so sudden , so unexpected that hearing it felt like a physical blow . 
 a sucker punch . 
 surely he knew . 
 `` that she was the leader of the human resistance at the battle of manhattan . '' 
 he pursed his lips and ran a hand down his beard . 
 `` do you believe this information to be true ? '' 
 i raised my chin . 
 `` does n't matter what i believe . 
 i know it to be true because i remember her . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 he smiled sadly , like one might at a misguided child . 
 `` are you aware that the troika has been doing experiments on humans for years in the work camps ? '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` i 've heard whispers , rumors . '' 
 icarus snorted . 
 `` they 're not just rumors . '' 
 he sounded too confident for the information to be from hearsay . 
 i shrugged because i did n't have a response . 
 they 'd tell me what they wanted me to know soon enough . 
 saga saw me mentally dig my heels in and smiled . 
 `` is n't it possible they also conducted experiments on the humans they collected for the dormitories ? '' 
 i narrowed my eyes and tilted my head . 
 `` the troika is capable of a lot of things , but they are not able to falsify memories or emotions . 
 and if you know what is good for you , you will stop trying to convince me that the memories i have of my mother are lies . '' 
 i delivered these words in a voice edged with steel . 
 it simply was not an option to even entertain what they were suggesting . 
 my memories of my mother were the only warmth i had to cling to when i was young and huddled in the cold , white dormitory bed at night . 
 when it was dark and the sniffling of my cellmates punctuated the air and the loneliness pressed in so hard i could barely breath . 
 the fact saga even attempted to f ** k with my head like this made me want to walk out of that book tomb and damn the consequences . 
 `` i would n't act on the thoughts behind those wild eyes of yours . '' 
 `` you do n't know what i think , old man . '' 
 he dipped his chin to acknowledge that he did n't have the ability to mind read . 
 `` i would n't presume to , but i can see the anger boiling there . 
 but it is displaced . 
 we are n't your enemies . '' 
 `` are n't you ? 
 ever since the chatelaine brought me to this group i have been treated like one . '' 
 `` do you know what the human rebels call you ? '' 
 saga asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` the troika 's concubine . '' 
 `` why dress it up in big words , scribe ? 
 you meant to say i was the troika 's whore , correct ? '' 
 i asked with a raised brow . 
 `` i still say we should n't trust someone whose reputation is pro-troika . '' 
 dare grumbled . 
 i could n't afford for these people to see how their obtuseness over the reality of my life with the troika affected me , so i tossed my hair back and raised my chin . 
 `` so why did n't you kill me on sight ? '' 
 `` for some reason the chatelaine trusted you . 
 that saved you at first . '' 
 icarus met my eyes . 
 `` you will only remain alive if you can prove yourself useful to the cause . '' 
 i 'd had enough . 
 i was tired of being told what i would or would not do . 
 i crossed my arms and looked him in the eye . 
 `` you can shove your cause up your ass . 
 i do n't answer to you . '' 
 hard metal slammed into my soft temple . 
 ripples of pain pulsed through my head , but fear was strangely absent . 
 shock , probably . 
 or just resignation . 
 it was n't the first time a man had pressed a gun to my head . 
 castor loved a little gun play before he f ** ked my vein . 
 more times than i could count , i 'd taunt him into rages hoping he 'd just pull the trigger . 
 but icarus was n't castor and i had n't escaped only to die less than forty-eight hours later . 
 i gritted my teeth against the pain and glared into his eyes . 
 `` fine , you want information ? '' 
 i 'd give them something they could n't refuse . 
 then they 'd have to let me go . 
 `` i can tell you how to destroy the troika . '' 
 dare snorted . 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 the gun 's pressure did n't ease up , but icarus 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` explain . '' 
 i licked my dry lips . 
 time to talk fast . 
 `` rebels have been fighting minor skirmishes with the troika for years , but not making any major headway , right ? '' 
 he nodded reluctantly . 
 `` well , what if you could deal a major blow to the vamps ' infrastructure ? '' 
 `` i 'm listening . '' 
 `` do you know who pontius morordes is ? '' 
 `` he 's a murderer , '' icarus spat . 
 i glanced at him but the hatred in his eyes made me look away quickly . 
 good thing then that i did n't mention that i knew morordes by more than just name . 
 he 'd attended several of the troika parties where i 'd been paraded out like a show pony . 
 unlike the other vampires who pawed me and looked me over like an objet d'art , he 'd had a kindly smile and seemed to look down on the others who treated humans like toys . 
 i 'd even visited him at his lab a few times . 
 sure , he 'd taken my blood and done a few tests , but he 'd always had a ready smile and a gentle manner . 
 still , i did n't object to icarus 's characterization because i figured it would n't be very good for my health . 
 `` in the camps they call him doctor death , '' icarus said . 
 `` for years he 's been collecting human specimens and conducting experiments . 
 many of which have left the test subjects mutilated or dead . 
 what of him ? '' 
 i stretched my neck a little , trying to get some room between me and the bullet-spitter , but it followed me . 
 `` a few months ago he figured out a prototype for synthetic blood . '' 
 the scribe and icarus exchanged a dubious look . 
 `` synthetic ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` they 've been having trouble in the blood camps . 
 the stress of constant bleeding is killing off a lot of the humans , and the breeding program is n't producing enough people to replace them fast enough . '' 
 because blood type is determined by genetics , the troika had to have enough humans of the right blood types to procreate a new generation of sacrificial lambs . 
 since children could n't survive long in the bloodletting wards , the troika had logistical problems . 
 along the way , one of their scientists proposed the idea of creating a synthetic alternative to human blood as insurance against a blood shortage . 
 `` the troika would never give up high bloods , '' saga said . 
 high blood was the name for humans with the most desirable blood types . 
 like me . 
 i swallowed as i quickly decided how much to share , which was as little as possible . 
 `` before i escaped , i overheard that they were starting a program to try to breed more ab types . '' 
 `` the camps are filled with mostly os , '' icarus said . 
 `` if they 're trying to make more abs , they 'll keep those offspring for the troika 's officials and give the synthetic blood to the lower level vampires . '' 
 instead of blood type , vampires were judged based on the purity of their genetic line . 
 the troika 's officials all came from the most pure vampire lines , while the rest of the vampire population came from lineages soiled by human blood . 
 `` so the synthetic is for the plebs ? 
 why make it at all ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i heard castor talking to his cabinet about some riots in the city over blood rationing . 
 they 're hoping the synthetic blood will mollify the plebeian vamps . '' 
 the scribe scrubbed his hand over his face . 
 `` which means they wo n't need the blood camps anymore . '' 
 `` right . 
 the officials will still have their stables of high bloods and the troika will always need labor camps , but the humans in the blood camps will become ... obsolete . '' 
 `` shit , '' dare breathed . 
 `` it gets worse , '' i began . 
 now that i was knee-deep in this story , i realized how horrible the news i brought them actually was . 
 it was one thing for me to hear the troika discussing their plans in the plush rooms of the compound . 
 it was something else entirely to share the information with humans who for all i knew might have relatives or friends in those camps . 
 but considering one of the people i was telling the story to had a gun pointed at my head , i was pretty sure i could n't just change my mind . 
 `` once they had a synthetic blood , they had another problem to solve . 
 humans are dying rapidly in the camps , but there are still millions of people hooked up to bleeding machines that will be obsolete once they roll out the blood . '' 
 dare cursed under her breath . 
 the scribe went white . 
 and the mouth of icarus 's gun bit harder into my skin . 
 grimacing , i soldiered on . 
 `` that 's when castor had what he 's calling his most brilliant plan to date . 
 he called it ` the factory . ' '' 
 as soon as the words left my mouth , the room fell dead silent . 
 even polonius had frozen , like he sensed danger on the air . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 icarus asked , his tone grave . 
 the scribe twitched like he 'd just been zapped by a thought . 
 `` so that 's what it is , '' he breathed , almost to himself . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 dare demanded of the old man . 
 he shuffled away , his lips moving as he muttered to himself . 
 `` it 's here somewhere . '' 
 with gnarled hands , he began shuffling through stacks of paper on the large table . 
 icarus looked at dare and she shrugged . 
 since he had the gun on me , she went to investigate . 
 `` what are you looking for , saga ? '' 
 she asked in a patient , kind tone that told me she was well-used to the old man wandering off and speaking to people who were n't there . 
 `` it was here . '' 
 more shuffling . 
 `` i did n't know what it was . 
 but then she -- yes , hmm . 
 perhaps over here . '' 
 he moved to the other end of the table and started going through another sheaf of papers . 
 whatever he was looking for , it was clear our conversation would n't continue until he 'd completed his search . 
 awkward for me , considering the gun . 
 `` is the gun still necessary ? '' 
 i asked conversationally . 
 icarus 's lips tightened into a frown . 
 `` quiet . '' 
 before i could react to that , the scribe bellowed , `` aha ! 
 i knew it was here . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 dare asked , moving closer to inspect the paper in his hand . 
 `` a few weeks ago , one of the patrols in sector four reported some building activity near the river . 
 they brought me that drawing . '' 
 dare frowned at the sheet as she walked over to share it with icarus . 
 i craned my neck to catch a glimpse , but before i could see more than what looked like a building with three chimneys , she jerked it away . 
 `` well , it certainly looks like a factory , '' dare offered . 
 `` when jeremiah brought it to me , i dismissed it , '' the scribe said , `` but when the girl told us about it i remembered a detail i 'd found odd at the time . '' 
 he pointed a hand to the paper . 
 the land around the building was covered in a spider 's web of parallel lines . 
 `` train tracks , probably , '' icarus said . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so the troika have transportation rovers to handle large shipments of goods , '' saga said . 
 `` why suddenly use trains ? '' 
 i knew the answer , but i kept silent . 
 better to let them figure it out than to be blamed for the truth once it hit them . 
 `` they 'll have to make large batches of synthetic blood . 
 maybe trains can carry more -- '' the scribe shook his head . 
 `` that factory is n't producing synthetic blood . '' 
 icarus frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 she said they built the factory to make synthetic blood . '' 
 `` no , i did n't , '' i said in a small voice . 
 `` then what are they making there ? '' 
 dare asked . 
 i swallowed hard and looked at the scribe , who i could see was already well ahead of the others . 
 `` they 're not making anything there but ashes . '' 
 icarus lowered the gun and his face morphed into a mask of denial . 
 `` they ... no . '' 
 he paused , shook himself . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he kicked a pile of books taller than his head . 
 the colorful spines came crashing down with what remained of his illusions . 
 saga remained silent and grim-faced , despite the abuse icarus was dealing to his precious books . 
 dare made a distressed sound and hurried to soothe him . 
 i turned my back on both of them and went to join saga . 
 `` can you show me where this is on a map ? '' 
 i said quietly . 
 the old man hesitated , but finally nodded and walked over to the desk . 
 behind me , dare spoke softly to icarus . 
 his anger filled the room like smoke . 
 saga slowly unrolled a large map across the surface . 
 he used small stacks of books to anchor each of the four corners . 
 i squinted at the hand-drawn image of the area that used to be called new york city . 
 almost immediately following the war , the troika government had redrawn borders to turn the united states into three distinct regions , each controlled by one of the prime 's handpicked governors . 
 but the center of power for the troika remained in new york , since it was during that final battle that they crippled the human forces enough to finally surrender the entire war . 
 they 'd renamed the city nachtstadt -- night city -- and destroyed every human landmark in the center of the city and replaced them with vampire-designed towers and monuments to the prime . 
 the map showed not just nachtstadt , which now included parts of old new jersey -- over the river where hoboken used to be . 
 my brain flashed up a painful image of the old victorian mom and i used to live in that overlooked the lincoln tunnel . 
 it had drafty windows and creaky floors , but its walls had been filled with mostly happy memories . 
 see ? 
 i said to myself , they 're wrong . 
 those are my memories . 
 my very real memories . 
 i looked up from the map at saga . 
 `` you drew this ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` brooklyn born and raised . '' 
 his pride was evident both by his tone and the way he lovingly depicted the outskirts of the city , where the structures built by humans still slouched like crumbling memento mori . 
 saga tapped a calloused finger near the top of the map , near the river . 
 `` according to the patrol , the building is about here . '' 
 i nodded and studied the map . 
 `` what is the date ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because when i last heard about the factory , the impression i got was construction was almost done . 
 i 'm trying to figure out how long you have until they fire up those furnaces . '' 
 he told me the date . 
 i looked up quickly . 
 `` almost time for the blood moon . '' 
 saga looked equally impressed and worried . 
 `` they 'd want to baptize their new project in the light of their most sacred moon . '' 
 `` three nights is n't much time for you to make a plan . '' 
 he tilted his head toward me . 
 `` why do you keep saying ` you ' instead of ` we , ' child ? '' 
 i stood up straighter . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you wanted information . 
 i gave it to you . 
 i 'm free to go now ? '' 
 a bitter laugh echoed through the cavernous room . 
 `` you 're not really that naive , are you ? '' 
 i turned to face icarus with my hands on my hips . 
 but before i could respond , dare pointed an accusing finger at me . 
 `` she 's lying ! 
 they sent her here to trap us ! '' 
 it took about every ounce of strength in my body not to roll my eyes at her . 
 `` your own people confirmed that the factory exists . '' 
 `` they confirmed something looking like a factory is being built . '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 `` and even if it 's really what you say it 's for , we could still show up and find an army of vampires waiting to kill us . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` if you think the troika sees your pathetic little team as enough of a threat to orchestrate an elaborate scheme like staging my escape , you 're not just misguided -- you 're delusional . 
 the chatelaine brought me to you , remember ? 
 i did n't seek you out . 
 none of this has anything to do with me . 
 i just want to move on and try to cobble a life together . '' 
 they stared at me like i 'd spoken in a foreign language . 
 `` it has everything to do with you , '' saga said . 
 `` and if you think we want anything different than that life you just spoke of , you 're the one who 's delusional . 
 do you think we enjoy living underground and running from bat patrols ? 
 like it or not , you 're just as involved in all this as we are now . 
 more , maybe . '' 
 i did n't like where this was going . 
 `` look , i did n't escape the troika only to get involved in some scheme that would put me back into their crosshairs . 
 i 'm sorry if people are going to die , but i do n't plan on being one of them . '' 
 the unmistakable sound of a gun cocking made my heart skip a beat . 
 i turned slowly . 
 dare had taken icarus 's ancient six-shooter and pointed it at my head . 
 i was getting tired of people pointing weapons at me , but she looked determined enough for this not to be an idle threat . 
 `` you do n't get to pretend to have a choice in this . '' 
 her hand shook a little , but i did n't mistake it for fear . 
 anger drove dare . 
 `` your days of sitting in the ivory tower are over sweetheart . 
 it 's time to get your hands dirty . '' 
 she had no idea how dirty my hands were , and i wanted to punch her for believing my life had been anything close to easy . 
 but i did n't want that gun to start shouting . 
 `` whoa , '' i said , `` let 's not get emotional here . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` not get emotional ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` i lost the luxury of emotion the day they took my family . '' 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` but you 're a vampire -- '' she laughed like rusty nails scoring metal . 
 `` not all vampires hate humans . 
 some of us loved them . '' 
 `` so when you say your family , you mean ... '' her hand tightened on her gun . 
 `` my husband and daughter . '' 
 i cursed quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no you 're not ! '' 
 she barked suddenly . 
 cold fear rose up my spine . 
 before she 'd been angry , but now she looked crazy and fully capable of murder . 
 `` while you were sucking the troika 's cocks , my daughter was murdered and hung to bleed out from the window of our apartment building to serve as a warning to the other vampires who were considering mating with humans . '' 
 `` dare , '' icarus said , his voice quiet , `` put down the gun . '' 
 her jaw clenched and she looked entirely capable of ignoring his demand . 
 her fingers white-knuckled on the stock and her index finger twitched toward the trigger . 
 cold sweat beaded on my forehead and my eyes scanned the area for weapons and escape routes . 
 the latter was n't an option given we were on a platform suspended above a cavern of books . 
 even if i could jump down without breaking my leg , i 'd be like a fish in a barrel . 
 `` look , i 'm not your enemy and this is n't my war , '' i said in what i hoped was a reasonable tone . 
 `` i 'm leaving at sunrise . '' 
 dare 's gun flashed menacingly in the light . 
 `` my friend colt here says otherwise . '' 
 it only took a few moments to make my decision . 
 dare talked a good game , but i did n't really believe she 'd kill me . 
 all the resistance members in the world could n't compete with the insider 's knowledge i had of the troika 's top tier officials . 
 i was worth way more alive to them than dead . 
 of the three , only dare posed a real physical threat , even injured as she was . 
 i relaxed my shoulders and expression into what i hoped was a mask of defeat . 
 dare 's eyes narrowed , but her grip on the gun relaxed a fraction . 
 the instant i saw her buy my ruse , i ducked my shoulder and crashed into her midsection . 
 as in slow motion i pivoted off her stomach and twisted , launching off my back foot into a dead run . 
 behind me , i heard a shouted curse and a worried exclamation from the old man . 
 i did n't slow when a crash sounded , and i sure as hell did n't stick around to find out if dare 's friend had anything to say . 
 i leapt off the end of the catwalk and ducked into the tunnel . 
 once the musty scent of the cramped space hit my nose , i realized my error . 
 i 'd entered the underground bunker through a slide . 
 hardly an ideal exit route . 
 but i did n't have the extra seconds to spare scrambling around for an alternate exit . 
 i skidded into the cavern where i 'd first met saga and scrambled when my foot caught on a rock sticking up from the packed earth . 
 i was three steps from the chute leading toward freedom when a heavy weight slammed into my back like a wrecking ball . 
 i fell face-first into the cold , packed dirt and every molecule of air in my body escaped in a painful rush . 
 a low , mean growl hit my ear like a hot wind . 
 `` good boy , polonius . '' 
 saga 's voice sounded amused but winded . 
 `` miss six , that canine on your back is trained to attack on my word . 
 are you going to force me to utter that word or are you going to be a good girl and surrender . '' 
 warm drool landed on my neck . 
 polonius was hungry . 
 my own stomach growled in response . 
 as much as i wanted to stand up and fight , i knew that even if i managed to get away from the dog and up that chute before saga gave the command , i 'd never make it out in the badlands with no food , water or provisions . 
 so , as much as it pained , me i lowered my forehead to the red earth and surrendered . 
 six . 
 the cell was darker than the badlands during a new moon . 
 my hand was on a cold stone wall , but the dirt floors made it smell like a grave . 
 tears stung the corners of my eyes . 
 i swiped at them even though no one could see me . 
 it was bad enough i had to be with myself and those f ** king tears . 
 they sickened me . 
 a specter of a memory haunted my brain . 
 of lying in a similar cell , only that old one was all-white and brighter than lightning . 
 back then i 'd been crying too . 
 but those tears had been innocent and pure . 
 a child mourning the loss of everything familiar , a child 's fear of the unknown . 
 that was my first night in the dormitories . 
 they 'd taken me straight there after they 'd realized my blood type . 
 back then , i did n't know how that simple test would determine my fate . 
 i 'd been so relieved they 'd let me live that i had n't thought about what a bleak existence it would become without my mother . 
 i remembered blood stains on my hands contrasting sharply against crisp , white sheets . 
 a few tears mixed with the red like some morbid watercolor painting . 
 i remembered feeling like i was being watched even though i was alone in the room . 
 i remembered feeling like my heart was going to claw its way out of my chest and run away without me . 
 i remembered feeling more alone than any other girl in the history of the world . 
 but i 'd learned quickly that tears only made the beatings worse , and the more i stuffed them down , the stronger i became . 
 but back then i 'd had a future , even if i had n't known it . 
 now ? 
 even if they let me live until morning and forced me to help them attack the troika , it was doubtful i 'd last the week . 
 the sound of a key in a lock echoed . 
 i swiped away the tears and sat up . 
 they could n't be allowed to see me broken . 
 even if -- especially if -- they planned to kill me . 
 only instead of icarus or dare arriving with a gun , my visitor was rabbit , bearing a tray of food . 
 a lantern on the tray created a halo of light around his young face . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 i nodded , but only because i did n't want him to leave . 
 that kid was the closest thing i had to a friend in book mountain . 
 hell , he was the closest thing i had in the entire world . 
 he smirked and set the tray down on the floor next to the bed . 
 `` it ai n't much . 
 saga says we ca n't spare too much since we might have to go underground again soon . '' 
 i accepted a small cup of water with a nod . 
 `` go underground ? '' 
 `` yeah , dare said we 're going to make big move on the mosquitos , but after we might have to hide for a while . '' 
 i froze . 
 `` wait , you said ` we 're ' -- as in you 're going to help with the attack ? '' 
 he nodded with exaggerated patience . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm really helpful . '' 
 his tone was heavy with offense , like i 'd wounded his pride . 
 `` icarus said i 'm going to be really important to this mission . '' 
 i should n't have been surprised icarus was going to let the kid take part , but i was shocked dare was allowing it . 
 she watched over rabbit like he was her own young . 
 `` hey rabbit ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he said over a mouthful of dried meat i 'd refused when he offered it to me . 
 `` did they say what they 're going to do with me ? '' 
 a shadow filled the doorway , blocking out the dim light from the hallway . 
 i recognized dare 's petite silhouette . 
 `` rabbit , '' she snapped , `` saga needs help in the library . '' 
 the kid flashed me an apologetic look . 
 i smiled back and shoved the rest of the dried meat strips into his hand . 
 that earned me a real smile before he ducked out of the room . 
 dare stood aside to let him pass . 
 the tenderness with which she 'd watched him fled the minute he exited . 
 then those eyes hardened and watched my reaction as she slowly closed us in together . 
 the meager light from the lantern did n't do much to expel the shadows standing between the vampire and me . 
 her yellow eyes glowed in the dark . 
 she did n't approach immediately . 
 just stood with her back to the door , letting the tension rise between us like a poisonous gas . 
 i might be damned but i was n't going to be the first one to speak . 
 finally , she pulled away from the wall . 
 `` have you ever tasted blood ? '' 
 the question was so unexpected , i jerked in shock . 
 with a wary frown , i hesitated . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` whose ? '' 
 i licked my dry lips . 
 `` my own . '' 
 she nodded and took her time absorbing this information . 
 `` by your own choice ? '' 
 i looked up and met her eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'd expected this information to please her . 
 instead she grimaced and looked away . 
 `` we 're not all monsters , you know . '' 
 she looked back at me , to make sure i 'd heard . 
 i did n't react . 
 her posture was tense and her mood too unpredictable for me to want to give her any reaction that might set off a chain reaction . 
 `` i have n't had blood fresh from the source in years . '' 
 she paused . 
 when she spoke again her tone was quiet , like a confession . 
 `` and i 've never had any high blood . '' 
 i stilled like an animal sensing impending attack . 
 `` dare -- '' she shook her head . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm not here to feed from you . '' 
 she reached into her jacket and removed icarus 's old colt . 
 `` i 'm here for this . '' 
 perhaps i should have felt shocked . 
 or scared . 
 or ... something . 
 instead , a weary numbness settled deep into my bones . 
 holding her gaze , i rose from the cot . 
 she raised the gun a little higher in warning . 
 i raised my hands out to the side and raised my chin . 
 `` just be done with it . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you 're not going to ask me to spare you ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` what 's the point ? '' 
 `` you 're pathetic , '' she spat . 
 i lowered my arms . 
 `` what do you want from me ? 
 to beg for a life that never belonged to me in the first place ? 
 to fight for the chance to let another set of masters use me ? 
 i 'm done being anyone 's whore , dare . '' 
 i jerked my head toward the gun . 
 `` do it . '' 
 the gun lowered a fraction . 
 she stared at me intently for a full thirty seconds before she spoke . 
 `` what did they do to you ? '' 
 i squeezed my eyes together , but a traitorous tear escaped to roll down my cheek . 
 `` just do it , '' i gritted out through clenched teeth . 
 `` six ? 
 look at me . '' 
 i heaved out a harsh breath and opened my eyes , prepared to let her have it for dragging this out to the point of torture . 
 but when i saw the look on her face , the numbness was burned off as hot anger roared to life . 
 but before i could scream at her or rush her and punch the pity from her face , she spoke again . 
 `` you stink of them , you know . 
 their scent clings to you . '' 
 now it was shame 's turn to make an appearance . 
 `` then you know what they did . '' 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` i thought the concubine thing was just an insult because you spoke on behalf of the troika . '' 
 i laughed bitterly . 
 `` in exchange for my services to the troika 's propaganda machine , i was passed around like a trophy among the highest level vampires . 
 it was something of a badge of honor to vein f ** k alexis sargosa 's daughter . '' 
 now that i was talking , the words spilled out like bile . 
 `` some only kept me a few days . 
 others claimed me for months , a couple for years . 
 those ones delighted in turning me into their personal slave . 
 i did everything from clean their silver to playing a starring role in their sadistic games . 
 a few were kind compared to the others and educated me to amuse themselves . 
 one or two preferred me to fight back so they taught me how to use weapons and my fists . 
 then they 'd delight in disarming me and delivering punishment for being too good a student . 
 but mostly i just served as a blood dispenser . '' 
 she 'd lowered the gun and crossed her arms . 
 `` that 's why you finally left . 
 you could n't stand it anymore ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 now that i 'd admitted so much , i decided it would n't hurt to offer one last confession before i met the maker . 
 `` i left because after enduring their tortures , they found the one invasion i could not endure . '' 
 she frowned . 
 i laughed , but the sound felt flat to my own ears . 
 `` you have n't put it together yet ? '' 
 i did n't wait for her to confirm what i already knew to be true . 
 `` several months ago , the prime came to me with good news . 
 i was going to be given a great honor . 
 the troika officials loved my sweet blood so much that they were going to make me the first brood mare in their blood stables . '' 
 dare gasped softly but i was beyond offering consolation . 
 `` according to him , i was going to be put in a special dormitory and given my choice of men of high blood with whom to mate . 
 if any of the children i created turned out to be ab - , they would be raised in the most favorable conditions and be given the honor of becoming concubines to the top troika officials . '' 
 `` and if they were n't high blooded ? '' 
 i looked her in the eye and ignored the phantom pain in my stomach . 
 `` aborted . '' 
 the silence in the room was complete . 
 unlike the last time , it was n't a silent gulf that kept two foes separated . 
 instead , those quiet moments were filled with shared knowledge of duty and loss and the longing for a tiny heartbeat against the skin . 
 `` the night i left ? '' 
 my hand went to my belly . 
 `` they just had informed me that i was to be impregnated again . 
 i could n't go through that again-the loss . '' 
 i looked up again and saw empathy in her yellow gaze . 
 `` but more than that , i was terrified it would work this time and they would n't abort it . 
 how could i doom a child to my life ? '' 
 she watched me silently for a few moments . 
 tension zinged through the space between us like lightning . 
 finally , she sucked in a long , slow breath . 
 `` how can you say you want to run ? 
 they took your mother . 
 they took your life . '' 
 she stepped forward and pointed at my stomach . 
 `` they took your child . 
 they took your choices away . 
 how can you just run when you have every cause to turn around and fight back ? '' 
 i blinked to stall the tears . 
 `` because i want a chance to live for whatever time i have left . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` running is n't the same as living . '' 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 i shook my head at her . 
 `` you walked in here ready to kill me , but now you 're angry that i 'm not trying hard enough to live . '' 
 she made a disgusted sound and shoved the gun into her rear waistband . 
 `` i was n't going to kill you . 
 he just told me to scare you a little until you agreed to help us . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` that 's what i do n't get . 
 why would you want the troika 's whore to help you ? '' 
 she licked her lips and glanced sideways . 
 `` look i -- i 'm sorry about that . 
 but see it from my perspective . 
 you showed up all glowing and healthy and with your reputation preceding you . 
 how could i not be suspicious of you ? '' 
 i laughed bitterly and lifted my shirt . 
 her eyes widened when she saw the patterns of bruises and scars covering my abdomen and torso . 
 `` they made sure the skin that showed was clean for the camera , but the rest was open season . 
 and as for my reputation , well , i gave you credit for being too smart to believe their propaganda . '' 
 she grimaced at the dig . 
 `` look , can we start over ? 
 we both came in with our own prejudices . 
 hard not to when we 've both been burned , right ? '' 
 i nodded slowly . 
 `` suppose so . '' 
 `` as for why we need your help , well , it 's obvious -- or should be . 
 you have inside knowledge of the troika . 
 you 're the only one who 's met the key players and knows their habits and perhaps their weaknesses . 
 i know you want to run far from here , but where will you go ? 
 the troika control the entire country . 
 there 's no place to hide , there 's no normal life to return to . 
 if you 're going to survive , your only choice is to pick a side , dig in and fight . 
 it 's not a safe or a comfortable sort of life , but it 's the best any of us can hope for right now . 
 and maybe someday , if we keep fighting , we 'll finally have a chance at safety and comfort again . '' 
 i sucked in a deep breath and released it slowly . 
 her words exposed my half-baked plan for the child 's quest it had been . 
 children trusted wishes . 
 adults trusted facts . 
 and the fact was i would n't last a week on my own . 
 but i also might not survive three days if i stayed on to help . 
 `` look , '' she continued , `` i understand the urge to lay down and just wait for death to take you . '' 
 she unbuttoned her jacket . 
 peeking above the fabric of yellowed tank top she 'd tattooed two red hearts . 
 `` but the way i look at it , if i 'm going to die anyway , i might as well try to send as many of those bastards to hell as i can before i go . 
 it wo n't bring them back . '' 
 she placed a palm over the hearts . 
 `` but i 'd rather die trying to destroy the troika than to let death catch up to me because i could n't run fast enough . '' 
 her passion and anger reminded me of another strong female . 
 one who took up arms against the troika and inspired others to join her in the fight . 
 one who would hold me in her lap while she made impassioned speeches to disheartened people about the importance of never losing hope . 
 my eyes sought out the twin hearts on dare 's chest . 
 red means life . 
 my mother had been talking about the red light of the sisters of crimson . 
 but now i realized there were many meanings . 
 right then , it meant that the only path to freedom -- to a real life -- lay in spilling the troika 's blood . 
 `` well ? '' 
 dare said , her voice full of challenge . 
 `` what 's it going to be ? '' 
 i sucked in a deep breath and held it , hoping the oxygen could dispel some of the fear . 
 it did n't work , but at least my heart slowed a bit . 
 like it or not , i 'd started this the moment i decided to run . 
 in my hubris , i assumed i 'd be able to outsmart my captors and manipulate the rebels to help me without having to get involved in the war . 
 but once i 'd seen the world outside the troika 's walls and saw the truth without castor 's propaganda-colored glasses , i knew i 'd been a fool . 
 the chatelaine had been right -- no one survived in this world without choosing a side . 
 and since i could never choose the troika , the process of elimination left the rebels . 
 i blew out the kind of deep breath one lets out just before they dive off a cliff . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm in . '' 
 mom would have been so proud . 
 # two hours later , we all stood over saga 's map again . 
 icarus and saga seemed to accept my change of heart like they 'd expected it all along . 
 only icarus seemed confused about the newfound respect between dare and me . 
 i could see in the looks he kept shooting at her that he wanted to know how she 'd changed my mind . 
 the blank stares she shot at him and the secret smile she tossed my way told me she 'd keep my secrets safe . 
 whether out of feminine honor or just because she was mad at icarus for electing her my executioner if i 'd refused to help , i did n't know . 
 after the initial awkwardness when dare and i had emerged , we got down to business . 
 rabbit sat nearby reading a book while the adults debated the plan . 
 `` first we need to know who is most likely to be there , '' dare said . 
 `` astyanax will be there , '' saga said . 
 `` as head of the army and the prime 's personal guard , they 'll want him there to oversee security . '' 
 the scent of brimstone and blood filled my nostrils as the scent memory of my last meeting with general astyanax bullied its way in my brain . 
 i shut down the memory of those weeks in the infirmary and focused on the mission . 
 `` you can bet castor will be there , too . '' 
 `` but he 's head of propaganda , '' dare said . 
 `` would n't they want to keep this quiet ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , but the factory was his idea . 
 he wo n't miss his moment of glory for anything . '' 
 `` they need to know it was us , '' icarus said suddenly . 
 `` let astyanax and castor know that the rebels mean business . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 you have to make it look like a mistake so they 'll take it as a bad omen . '' 
 `` explain , '' saga demanded . 
 `` castor is incredibly superstitious . 
 you do n't have to destroy the factory . 
 you just have to stage a convincing enough accident that castor believes it 's a bad sign . 
 at a minimum , it will delay the project while he tries to figure out how to reverse the bad energy . '' 
 icarus frowned . 
 `` there 's no way we 'll be able to get close enough to stage an accident with the general and his forces there . '' 
 dare forced a derisive snort . 
 `` and if we get caught , the troika will scramble to kill the camp prisoners faster in retaliation . '' 
 `` astyanax is n't as much of a threat as castor , '' saga said , almost to himself . 
 `` she 's right , if we scare castor we 'll gain the advantage . '' 
 dare and icarus frowned at his dismissal of their concerns . 
 `` how can you say that , old man ? 
 astyanax is the fiercest vampire alive . '' 
 saga waved a hand to indicate the millions of books bearing witness to this dangerous meeting . 
 `` because he who controls the information , rules the world . 
 no weapon possessed by the prime 's army is more destructive than a single word from castor 's lying mouth . '' 
 `` you 'll never get to him , either , '' dare said , turning away . 
 `` it wo n't be easy , '' i said . 
 `` but it is possible . 
 castor is smart , but he 's also got weaknesses . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 saga asked , leaning forward . 
 `` his ego , for one . 
 he believes himself to be invincible . 
 but he 's also incredibly superstitious . 
 i know for a fact that he 's terrified of crossing the sisters of crimson . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea , but he goes to church every friday . '' 
 dare looked up quickly . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 our eyes met for a brief moment . 
 `` there 's a special chapel for upper-level troika in the city . 
 its location is n't made public for security reasons , but i 've been there . '' 
 `` why would they take you there if it 's so secret ? '' 
 icarus sneered . 
 `` because when you 're seen as nothing more than a blood dispenser , '' i tossed his words back at him , `` no one believes you 're capable of remembering anything important . 
 if you want the biggest bang for your buck , go after the factory . 
 make them believe their gods have damned their actions . 
 it 'll rattle their cages . '' 
 saga rubbed his chin for a moment and eyed the map . 
 `` if we want to make a statement that will scare the troika , we need to go big . '' 
 everyone stopped and stared , waiting for him to continue . 
 rabbit looked up and even polonius tilted his head . 
 saga smiled and addressed us as one . 
 `` we 've got to blow up the entire damned thing . '' 
 seven . 
 the factory loomed in the distance -- a slumbering metal giant . 
 the cold , blue steel of the place set against the harsh light of the full moon sent a shiver down my spine . 
 train tracks webbed out from the complex , creating silvery moonlit traces . 
 air steamed out of my mouth creating billowy white clouds against the blue night . 
 on either side of me dare , rabbit and icarus shivered in their shirt sleeves . 
 `` you 're sure castor will be here ? '' 
 icarus demanded , keeping his eyes trained on the factory . 
 `` the last time i saw him he was discussing this meeting . 
 he said it had to be tonight because it 's auspicious to begin new endeavors on the feast of the blood moon . '' 
 the sanguinary church celebration of the feast of the blood moon was the vampire church 's new year , and castor had decided to add mass murder to his list of resolutions . 
 before we could discuss the matter further , a grinding noise echoed through the valley . 
 we all jerked from surprise . 
 three warning alerts sounded from sirens posted along the rooftop . 
 `` it 's starting , '' icarus said grimly . 
 several windows lit up with bright orange and red light as the incinerators roared to life . 
 a few moments later , white smoke belched from the thick chimneys that jutted from the roof like volcanoes . 
 dare whispered , `` they 've woken the dragon . '' 
 a shudder passed through me and i swallowed the sudden knot of fear . 
 this was suddenly all too , too real . 
 when i 'd told them about the factory , i 'd just been talking fast enough to save my life . 
 but now , in the harsh cold of night with that monster breathing fire in the moonlight , i was paying the debts incurred by my quick tongue . 
 blowing up the factory was one thing . 
 doing it with the head of the troika 's propaganda machine inside and his entire army surrounding the complex was a suicide mission . 
 `` steady , '' dare whispered to me . 
 i jerked my gaze toward her . 
 before i could respond , movement to my right caught my attention . 
 rabbit was backing away , shaking his head . 
 `` i -- i , '' he stuttered , face pale . 
 `` stop . '' 
 icarus commanded . 
 my vision filled with scarred icarus in the foreground and the fires of the troika 's death machine burning in the background . 
 rabbit 's head shook back and forth . 
 i could n't blame the kid for his fear . 
 icarus wanted that child to run toward castor and his dragon , but anyone with an ounce of self-preservation would have run and kept running . 
 the kid stumbled on a rock . 
 `` rabbit , '' dare said , lurching forward . 
 but icarus shot her a look to stay out of it . 
 `` i ran once , too . '' 
 his quiet admission stilled my feet . 
 he nodded . 
 `` during the battle of new york . '' 
 my eyes flared . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 he nodded but kept his eyes on the kid . 
 `` i was twelve . 
 old enough to hold a gun , my father said . 
 old enough to fight . '' 
 i swallowed hard , remembering the chaos of those horrible days . 
 the hunger and the noise and the smell of decay . 
 `` mom had died months earlier from an infection in her lungs . 
 dad tried real hard to teach me how to be brave in a fight . 
 we sparred all the time and he made me practice shooting until i could hit a bull 's eye every time . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` but all that training ? 
 it was n't anything like the battle . '' 
 his eyes went soft focus like he was watching a horror film in his head . 
 finally , he shook himself . 
 `` when dad got shot , it ... broke me . 
 i 'd been so gung ho to kill as many vamps as i could until the moment i saw the red of my father 's blood on my own skin . 
 he kind of slumped over and i just snapped . 
 before i knew what i was doing , i was running as fast as i could without looking back . 
 it was n't until a few blocks later that i caught back up with myself . 
 i still had the gun but i 'd left my father 's body behind in a gutter . '' 
 his voice thickened with remorse . 
 i blinked quickly to clear the stinging . 
 rabbit was frozen , entranced by the story . 
 `` i threw up twice before i gathered enough courage to go back . 
 the battle had progressed and had taken over the block where i 'd left him , so i had to be very careful . 
 luckily , i was pretty small for my age and could hide whenever a vampire patrol rolled past . 
 it took me half an hour to get back the distance it had taken me five minutes to cover before . '' 
 behind icarus , dare had gone quiet . 
 her expression was pained , like she could n't decide whether this talk was what rabbit needed or whether to protect him from the truth . 
 i looked back at rabbit and realized he was the same age as icarus was in the story . 
 damn . 
 `` when i got near the spot , a patrol had already found dad . 
 i crouched behind a car and watched as one of the vampires nudged the body with a boot . 
 it took everything i had not to rush out and attack that bastard for daring to disturb my father 's dead body . 
 but then the first scream reached me . '' 
 rabbit squeezed his eyes closed . 
 `` you see , my father had n't died from the bullet . '' 
 my head started shaking to reject the horrors i knew were about to spill from his mouth . 
 `` icarus -- '' `` once they realized he was alive , they decided to play a little game . '' 
 `` stop , '' dare whispered . 
 `` please . '' 
 rabbit 's eyes opened wide as saucers . 
 i wanted to punch icarus for putting the kid through this . 
 but then i realized that rabbit did n't have the luxury of innocence . 
 none of us did . 
 `` first they stretched his body over the hood of a car . 
 then they took turns wounding him in increasingly elaborate and creative ways . 
 by the time i came roaring from my hiding place , they 'd ripped out one eye and peppered his arms and legs with more bullet holes and bite marks . '' 
 his voice had taken on an edge of steel . 
 `` i managed to put a bullet through my father 's brain and kill the bastard who took his eye before they took me down . 
 if a superior officer had n't come by and stopped them they would have done the same thing to me before they killed me . 
 you see , dad was old and wounded , so he did n't matter . 
 but me ? 
 i was strong and young , and the officer said the troika would need slaves to build their empire once the war was over . '' 
 he pointed a finger toward the factory . 
 `` so yeah , i understand the need to run , but i also learned the hard way the price for my selfishness . 
 if we do n't stand up for our own , who will , rabbit ? '' 
 rabbit looked at icarus with eyes older than they 'd been ten minutes earlier . 
 `` but if we die , who will be left to fight ? '' 
 `` if we do n't fight , we might as well be dead . '' 
 rabbit 's adam 's apple bobbed convulsively in his throat . 
 a shudder wracked his body , but he gathered himself together and stood straight . 
 `` okay . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` you sure , kiddo ? '' 
 dare asked . 
 rabbit looked at her with an expression i had n't seen from his innocent face before . 
 rebellion mixed with resentment over her insistence for treating him like a kid . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he snapped . 
 she quickly tamped the wounded look and nodded . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 icarus smiled at the pair and then looked at me . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i nodded , suddenly soul-tired . 
 `` let 's get it over with . '' 
 eight . 
 down near the water , the air was colder and damp . 
 the kind of cold that grabbed onto your bones with skeletal fingers . 
 icarus waved us toward a dark mouth jutting over the river . 
 closer , i realized it was a drainage pipe . 
 `` all right . 
 those incinerators need an external fuel source . 
 most likely they 've got massive propane tanks nearby with pipes leading underground into the factory . '' 
 he pointed toward a large , lone building about a hundred feet from the fence . 
 three guards in troika uniforms stood out front with large guns . 
 `` there . '' 
 `` assuming we could get past them , '' i said , `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 icarus removed something from his backpack . 
 `` we only have one chance with this . '' 
 i squinted through the dark and saw a black device with a mess of wires and some sort of putty on the back . 
 `` if we can set this off on near the tanks , it 'll cause a chain reaction through the pipes and destroy all the furnaces . 
 the trick is to get in and out undetected so they believe it was a malfunction instead of an act of aggression . 
 we ca n't risk the troika retaliating against the people in the blood camps . '' 
 when we 'd come up with this plan with saga i 'd argued that we needed way more than the four of us to pull it off . 
 but it had taken us two days of walking to reach the factory , and it would have taken three times that to contact another patrol group . 
 even longer for them to rendezvous with us . 
 so icarus was n't kidding when he said we had one chance . 
 if any of us were captured this plan was toast . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' dare said . 
 icarus shook his head . 
 `` the only way in is through this pipe . 
 you wo n't fit . '' 
 he was right . 
 the pipe was narrower than the expanse of an average adult 's shoulders . 
 my eyes swiveled toward the twelve-year-old child to my left . 
 dare 's face went ghost pale . 
 `` icarus , no -- '' rabbit ignored her and perked up . 
 `` i get to do it ? '' 
 dare grabbed icarus 's arm and dragged him away . 
 rabbit cringed , like his mom and dad were fighting , and looked at me . 
 `` she treats me like a baby . '' 
 `` she cares about you . 
 that 's a good thing . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` sometimes she cares too much . '' 
 i wanted to lecture him and tell him to thank god that someone gave a shit about him . 
 i was n't under any illusions that rabbit 's life had been easy , but at least he never knew the soul crushing loneliness of having no one to depend on but himself . 
 `` are you sure you 're up for this ? '' 
 the instant i said it , i regretted the question . 
 no doubt he 'd see it as a challenge . 
 his chin came up . 
 `` damn straight . '' 
 the cold night breeze carried dare 's raised voice toward us . 
 icarus 's quieter responses were swallowed , but soon enough they both came to join us again . 
 icarus looked resigned and dare looked defeated . 
 `` all right , rabbit , you 're going to shimmy through the pipe . 
 it 'll lead you to a grate inside the compound . 
 you 'll have to sneak out of the pipe and get into that building . '' 
 he took a few moments to show the kid how to engage the bomb . 
 `` set the timer to two minutes from the time you engage it . 
 that will give you a little lead time to get as far from the building as possible before it blows . '' 
 rabbit practically pranced with excitement as he listened to the instructions . 
 dare hung back , staring off toward the river in the distance . 
 further downstream , the lights of nachstadt created a surreal glow on the horizon . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i asked , moving closer . 
 she shook herself and dragged her eyes from the lights . 
 `` i smell death on the air . '' 
 `` hopefully troika deaths . '' 
 she just looked at me without speaking . 
 `` dare , six ? '' 
 icarus called back . 
 `` he 's ready . '' 
 dare sighed and dragged herself out of whatever headspace she 'd retreated to . 
 `` the master calls . '' 
 i looked up at the dim stars that were determined to be seen despite the city 's lights and the factory 's fires . 
 `` please . '' 
 i was n't sure to whom i was pleading or even what exactly i was asking for . 
 i just knew that if anyone in the entire world needed help at that moment it was us . 
 # rabbit hung outside the tunnel long enough for us to take positions on a nearby rise . 
 we needed to have a bird 's eye view of the compound so we could warn him if any guards were close . 
 icarus held a small remote in his hand . 
 a punch of the button would set off a small shock on a sensor around rabbit 's wrist . 
 it was n't the best warning system , but it was all we had . 
 besides , even if we 'd had a more sophisticated verbal warning system , we could n't have risked interference getting picked up by the guards ' walkie-talkies . 
 once we were in position , icarus sent a quick double-zap to the kid to let him know it was time to go . 
 we were far enough away that rabbit looked incredibly small and very young beside the dark river and the pipe 's wide mouth . 
 an instant after icarus hit the button , the kid looked down at his wrist and then waved to signal he 'd received the message . 
 dare let out a long , nervous breath . 
 i shot her a look that i hoped was reassuring despite my own nerves . 
 were we really sending that kid into a heavily fortified compound alone ? 
 the list of things that could go wrong was so long , it was laughable . 
 `` there he goes , '' icarus whispered . 
 we all tensed as rabbit 's wingtips disappeared into the hole . 
 dare raised her binoculars . 
 `` the guards do a lap around the building every two minutes . 
 if he can time it right , he 'll be able to enter the outbuilding through the window in the back between rounds . '' 
 `` the trick will be getting out of range before the explosion goes , '' icarus said in a grave tone . 
 when she responded , dare did n't lower the binoculars . 
 `` if he dies , i 'm holding you responsible . '' 
 `` if he dies , we all will , '' icarus shot back . 
 `` either from the bomb or when the guards find us . '' 
 we all fell silent then . 
 the minutes ticked by like years . 
 the orange light from the furnaces lit up the compound like the fires of hell . 
 figures in black troika uniforms swarmed the perimeter and the buildings . 
 and my heart thumped in my ears like war drums . 
 `` there he is , '' dare whispered , pointing . 
 i grabbed the binoculars from her . 
 sure enough , a small head was peeking out from a grate not twenty feet from the outbuilding . 
 i held my breath as the mop of hair rose a little higher and his eyes appeared to scan the area . 
 but before he could gather his courage and climb out of his hiding place , a commotion near the compound grabbed our attention . 
 the wind whipped up and landing lights flashed to announce the arrival of a transport rover bearing the troika 's official seal . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 icarus raised his voice over the high-pitched whine of the rover 's engine . 
 he punched the button to indicate rabbit should stay put . 
 the rover landed in the center of the compound and was quickly surrounded by every guard in the vicinity . 
 `` hold on , '' dare said . 
 `` look . '' 
 she pointed to the outbuilding , where two of the guards ran from their post to join those surrounding the rover . 
 that left only one guard at the front and the back completely unguarded . 
 icarus checked to be sure no guards were approaching the area around rabbit 's grate . 
 when the coast was clear , he punched the button twice . 
 a couple of seconds later , rabbit burst out of his hidey hole and ran as fast as his skinny legs would carry him toward the window at the back of the building . 
 my heart pounded in time with his footsteps . 
 `` come on , kid . '' 
 rabbit reached the back wall of the building and paused . 
 from my vantage point , i could see his bird-thin chest heaving from the exertion . 
 his head swiveled from side to side , looking for any ambushes . 
 i looked toward the rover and froze . 
 astyanax had already exited the craft and castor was climbing out after him . 
 the general was tall as a tree and built like a tank . 
 where the guards carried assault weapons , astyanax carried no weapons other than his massive fangs , which protruded from his mouth like a saber tooth tiger 's . 
 by comparison , castor was smaller and more elegantly turned out . 
 he wore a sleek black business suit and a blood red tie . 
 his blond hair was slicked back and his too-red lips stood out lushly against his milk-white skin . 
 despite his refined appearance , i knew for a fact he had the eyes and the personality of a venomous snake . 
 you never knew when he 'd strike , but he always did . 
 once his feet hit terra firma , castor spun around to admire his latest victory in his quest to become the top engineer of nightmares for humans . 
 he spread his arms wide and laughed . 
 his breath hit the chilly air and rose like smoke . 
 `` quickly , '' i urged . 
 `` if we can get the explosion to go off while they 're taking their tour -- '' `` he 's moving toward the window now . '' 
 rabbit fumbled to remove the package from his shirt . 
 icarus was watching the guards while the kid worked . 
 `` shit , '' he said . 
 `` the guards are going back to their posts now that castor and astyanax are going inside for their tour . '' 
 sure enough one of the returning guards broke off and started his way around the building . 
 `` get him out of there ! '' 
 dare shouted . 
 `` he 's almost done , '' icarus argued . 
 `` a few more seconds . '' 
 `` there 's no time . '' 
 she lunged for him and grabbed the remote . 
 taken by surprise , icarus lost control of the device easily . 
 she punched the button hard . 
 down in the compound , rabbit jerked and looked around quickly . 
 seeing no one , he shook his head and returned to fumbling with the buttons on the device . 
 dare cursed and hit the button again . 
 `` c'mon , kid , run ! '' 
 in just a few more steps , the guard would reach the corner . 
 once he rounded it , he 'd see rabbit and all hell would break loose . 
 dare hit the button three times in quick succession . 
 the kid must have finally gotten the message . 
 he jumped away from the window and darted back in the direction of this grate and freedom . 
 the three of us jumped up from our crouches . 
 `` run ! 
 go , rabbit ! '' 
 the kid was ten feet from freedom when the guard came around the corner . 
 he was only five feet away when the bullet hit him in the back . 
 nine . 
 even if i lived to be a hundred , which was frankly looking less and less likely every second , i would never forget the moment when rabbit fell . 
 time slowed like we were watching through water . 
 we were so far away we could n't hear the gun go off , but we saw the bloom of red an instant before the kid stumbled to his knees . 
 i do n't remember exactly what happened next , except that once time caught back up with the three of us , we were screaming . 
 dare had fallen to her knees and covered her ears with her hands . 
 icarus shouted `` rabbit ! '' 
 and then fell ominously silent . 
 i 'm not exactly sure what i said , but i knew that my throat hurt and tears fell cold on my cheeks . 
 all of this happened in less than a minute . 
 then , down far below , a swarm of black surrounded the kid and blocked our view . 
 my eyes searched the area , looking for something , any sign of hope . 
 somehow my gaze landed back on that window and the small black device still attached to the glass . 
 i hit icarus on the arm . 
 `` the bomb ! '' 
 he dragged his eyes from the vampires surrounding the kid and looked at me with red-rimmed eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they did n't find the bomb . '' 
 he shook himself , like a man waking up from a deep sleep and grabbed the binoculars from me . 
 `` fuck me . '' 
 he looked down at his watch . 
 `` it should have gone off by now . '' 
 dare stood on the edge of the rise , staring at the mass of black figures . 
 `` he 's alive , '' she whispered . 
 she reached back and grabbed my sleeve . 
 `` he 's alive ! '' 
 i stumbled forward and looked where she was pointing . 
 the black uniforms had parted . 
 one of the vampires pulled rabbit up from the ground . 
 at first , it appeared he was n't responding , but , then , he got his feet under him and his head rolled back . 
 i grabbed icarus 's binoculars . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 she 's right . '' 
 the kid 's eyes were open and his mouth was moving . 
 i could n't tell if he was screaming from pain or merely begging for his life . 
 regardless , he was alive . 
 i rounded on icarus . 
 `` we have to save him . '' 
 he stared hard at the unfolding drama far below . 
 the guards were dragging rabbit toward the center of the compound . 
 no doubt they planned on taking him to castor for instructions . 
 if we could make the bomb go off before they decided on a course of action , we might have a chance for getting rabbit away from the guards . 
 finally , icarus looked at dare with sorrow . 
 `` it 's too late for him . '' 
 she launched at him , punching at his chest and face with wild hands . 
 `` fuck you ! 
 we 're not leaving him ! '' 
 `` stop , dare . 
 stop ! '' 
 he struggled to get her flailing limbs under control . 
 his scars were pale against his flushed skin . 
 `` listen ! 
 our only chance to save him is to set off the bomb . 
 stop ! '' 
 he grabbed her by the upper arms and shook her . 
 `` if the bomb goes off he 's dead anyway . '' 
 she stumbled back , sobbing . 
 `` we have to try ! '' 
 my chest felt like someone had bound my ribs with steel bands . 
 icarus looked at me for help . 
 all i could think was that i would not let another child die by troika hands . 
 `` that bomb has to go off no matter what . 
 we need to get over that fence . 
 you two go and wait for the first explosion and then grab the kid and run like hell . '' 
 dare sniffed . 
 `` what about you ? 
 how will you get out ? '' 
 `` we do n't have time to argue about this . 
 we need to get in and make this happen or we 'll lose rabbit and any chance to pull off this mission , '' i said . 
 `` if you make it out alive , we 'll rendezvous down river , in the abandoned church . '' 
 with that , i turned my back on the pair before they could stop me . 
 there was no other way this could play out . 
 if i tried to save rabbit and castor saw me , he would stop at nothing to kill all of us . 
 better for him to believe this was a ragtag team of random rebels . 
 it took me a few minutes to make it to the fence . 
 in that amount of time , the furor over capturing rabbit still had n't died down . 
 the guards had done a quick sweep of the area round where he was captured , but finding nothing , decided to gather in clumps near the main building to watch castor decide what to do with the kid . 
 i tried to keep my eyes away from that area because i could n't afford to be distracted by what they were doing to the kid . 
 losing my nerve now would sign all of our death warrants . 
 as i neared the fence , i listened for the tell-tale hum that indicated electricity . 
 even though it was silent , i still threw at small metal wrench at it to be sure . 
 when it hit without causing a spark , i knew it was safe to climb . 
 i should have been surprised the troika had n't bothered electrifying the fence , but they always underestimated what a group of determined rebels could accomplish . 
 the metal fence was twelve feet high but the pillars were made from wood and stone , which gave me hand - and footholds and some semblance of cover until i got to the top . 
 i landed on the other side and crouched down to the balls of my feet . 
 a quick glance around proved that the area was clear . 
 further into the compound , i could hear shouting and the sounds of running boots . 
 but for now i was blessedly alone . 
 the outbuilding that held the propane tanks was fifty feet from the fence . 
 i ran there full-tilt and reached the back of the building in no time . 
 the black box was still attached to the bottom of the window . 
 a quick peek inside made my stomach drop and a whispered curse escape my lips . 
 a handful of guards were inspecting the tanks . 
 probably they were worried rabbit had tried to sabotage them from inside the building . 
 i ducked down so my head was below the window . 
 looking up , i studied the face of the device to figure out what had gone wrong . 
 a green light flashed on the front , but the count-down timer was n't engaged . 
 i realized that in his rush , rabbit had forgotten to flip the final switch . 
 chewing my bottom lip , i adjusted the function of the timer so it gave us five minutes , instead of two , before it exploded . 
 then , i held my breath , sent a prayer to a god i did n't believe in , and clicked on the switch that engaged the count down . 
 red numbers flashed up 5:00 . 
 once i made sure it flipped over to 4:59 , i took off running . 
 and ran straight into a chest wearing a black uniform . 
 my adrenaline spiked and lightning zinged under my sweaty skin . 
 luckily , he was as surprised as i was by our collision . 
 unlucky for him , i recovered first and grabbed his gun from his holster . 
 i slammed the metal into his temple and pulled the trigger . 
 his eyes widened and a gasp escaped his mouth . 
 in the next instant , he slumped in to me . 
 i let him fall to the ground and ran . 
 the gun 's weight was reassuring in my hand . 
 i started for the fence again , but a female scream reached my ears . 
 dare . 
 fuck . 
 i swiveled and hauled ass across the compound , shooting any guard i ran into along the way . 
 the gunfire drew more and more guards , but i did n't care . 
 if i did n't get myself and my team out of there in the next three minutes we 'd all be dead anyway . 
 i broke into the clearing at a dead run . 
 the heat from the furnaces radiated off the building like a sun . 
 sweat covered every inch of skin and my heart pounded depth charges in my chest . 
 in the center of the clearing , dare knelt on the ground next to rabbit 's still form . 
 meanwhile icarus stood defiant before castor despite the dozens of gun aimed at him . 
 i did n't slow my pace . 
 just ran toward them like a wild woman , screaming . 
 the guards turned to see what the commotion was about and when they saw me their mouths fell open . 
 i was almost to castor and his prisoners when a very large body stepped in my path . 
 i skidded to a stopped mere inches from astyanax . 
 he loomed above me like a colossus . 
 his fangs flashed in the light from the moon and the fires forming inside the factory . 
 my bowls went watery , but i raised the gun . 
 a massive fist swiped the weapon away with little effort . 
 his other hand swung around and made contact with my jaw . 
 i fell back as castor started laughing . 
 `` meridian six , '' castor drawled . 
 he held a hand up to forestall astyanax 's advance . 
 `` why am i not surprised to find you in league with this pathetic group of weaklings . '' 
 i spit a mouthful of blood at his feet . 
 `` let us go or i 'll set off the bomb i just installed on your propane stores . '' 
 i held up the remote we 'd used earlier to warn rabbit . 
 castor bought the lie and stilled . 
 `` what are your demands ? '' 
 his tone was too casual . 
 he was coiling like a snake preparing to strike . 
 `` let the boy go , '' i said , looking him directly in his yellow eyes . 
 `` the other two , as well . '' 
 castor 's eyebrows rose up . 
 `` that 's all ? '' 
 i shook the remote in the air . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 the corner of his red lips lifted . 
 `` never try to bluff a professional liar , six . '' 
 he nodded toward astyanax . 
 i felt the air shift as the general moved toward me . 
 in slow motion , i pivoted and held up an arm to ward off the fangs . 
 but in the next instant , the deafening boom of an explosion blew across the clearing like a hurricane of fire , bringing with it searing heat and a concussion like a punch to the diaphragm . 
 the impact knocked me off my feet and sent my body flying toward the spot where icarus had stood a moment earlier . 
 a high-pitched whine filled my ears and my eyes stung and were wet . 
 i swiped at them and my hand came away bloody . 
 despite the pain and confusion , a single thought screamed inside my head : run ! 
 the chain reaction had n't spread through the factory 's pipeline . 
 but it was coming . 
 if i did n't get us out of there now we were going to burn . 
 even though my eyes hurt like hellfire , i squinted through the smoke and located icarus a couple of feet away . 
 i groped toward him . 
 `` icarus ! 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 i could n't hear myself , but judging from the way my throat ached , i was screaming . 
 he rolled over and blinked once , twice , three times before he jerked into motion . 
 `` dare ? 
 rabbit ? '' 
 he mouthed . 
 `` there ! '' 
 dare was lying on top of rabbit over near a wheel of the rover . 
 together , icarus and i leaned into each other , supporting each other 's weights . 
 we stumbled to the ground by dare and pulled her off him . 
 a trickle of blood glared red beneath her left ear and her eyes were shot through with broken capillaries . 
 icarus grabbed her off the ground , supporting all of her weight when she did n't do it on her own . 
 he jerked his head toward rabbit . 
 i leapt toward the kid and hauled him up to my shoulder with strength borne from fear and adrenaline . 
 when i turned to follow icarus , i saw astyanax 's smoldering body nearby . 
 his large body had taken most of the brunt of the explosion and it showed . 
 a quick look around revealed dozens of other burning bodies , but i did n't detect castor 's among the injured . 
 shaking myself , i sped up to follow icarus onto the open door of the rover . 
 i prayed he knew how to fly it because we did n't have time for a tutorial . 
 the ground was shaking as explosions occurred in the pipeline underground . 
 i lay rabbit on one of the plush benches inside the rover and went to hit the button to seal us in . 
 the sound of the engines whirring to life filled the cabin . 
 icarus had dumped a shell-shocked dare into the co-pilot 's seat and taken the throttle . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the world tilted wildly . 
 i grabbed onto a handle and held on with white knuckles . 
 as the earth fell away below us , it felt like i 'd left my stomach behind . 
 through the front window i could see the stars getting closer , which meant we were getting farther from the factory . 
 the last ten minutes had felt like an eternity . 
 `` shit , six . '' 
 icarus 's warning came a split second before the factory went boom . 
 the concussion rocked the rover , causing it to dip and stutter in mid-air . 
 a sensor started beeping furiously . 
 `` hang on ! '' 
 icarus yelled . 
 he did n't have to tell me twice . 
 i braced my feet and grabbed onto handholds on the ceiling . 
 finally stable , i turned to look out of the rear window of the rover . 
 where the factory had stood now looked like the mouth of hell . 
 we 'd done it . 
 we 'd destroyed the troika 's dragon before it could consume any humans . 
 the sensor stopped beeping and the rover 's altitude leveled off . 
 for a moment , i allowed myself to just breath easy . 
 rabbit groaned from the bench . 
 my short-lived respite over -- i moved to check on him . 
 the bullet had gone straight through his shoulder . 
 not a lethal wound , but blood loss could pose a major problem . 
 his skin was pale and clammy , and his mouth worked like he wanted to scream , but he did n't open his eyes . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 icarus called . 
 `` alive , but he needs medical attention . '' 
 before icarus could answer , the door to the rover 's electrical closet burst open . 
 castor launched at me looking like something straight out of hell . 
 his once-elegant face was bloody and patches of skin were charred beyond recognition . 
 i fell back into the bench where rabbit lay as castor 's weight slammed into me . 
 his fangs snapped like a beast 's toward my neck . 
 to heal his wounds , he 'd need an infusion of blood . 
 my blood . 
 `` icarus ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 but i knew he could n't help me . 
 someone had to fly the rover . 
 `` the prime should have killed you when your brat turned out to be a low blood ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 i fought and scratched at the vampire 's face . 
 i kicked with heavy , sore legs . 
 i screamed my rage at his horrific , burned face . 
 movement from my peripheral vision . 
 then castor 's weight lifted off me . 
 dare had shaken off her shock and come to the rescue . 
 she and castor faced off . 
 her yellow eyes flashed and she hissed , flashing those empty fang sockets . 
 despite being a eunuch , she looked every inch the fearsome predator capable of murder . 
 `` six ! '' 
 she snarled . 
 `` the door . '' 
 i lunged at the wall and punched the button . 
 the door slid open . 
 air wooshed in like a cyclone , whipping my hair around and pulling my body toward the opening . 
 i grabbed a seatbelt from a nearby bench and held on . 
 dare shoved castor with every ounce of strength she had . 
 the male vampire stumbled back toward the door . 
 he fell back against the benches along that wall . 
 he was up again in a blink . 
 knowing dare was the stronger foe , he lunged for me this time . 
 but just as his clawed hands snagged my shirt , the necklace the chatelaine gave me sprang from the neckline . 
 one of his hands brushed against the red disk . 
 he hissed and pulled away as if he 'd been burned . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 confusion held me frozen . 
 before i could answer , dare ran and flew at his midsection with a kick . 
 castor 's eyes went wide . 
 his hands wind-milled wildly and then the air current took hold of his body and sucked him through the door . 
 his screams were swallowed by the wind . 
 before any thoughts of celebrating the death of castor could sink in , dare 's body flew toward the opening . 
 i grabbed her arm just before her body was vacuumed into the night , as well . 
 with one hand holding on to the seat belt and the other wrapped around her wrist , i struggled with every ounce of strength in my body to reel her back inside . 
 but my hands were sweaty and my strength was gone . 
 she was starting to slip away . 
 i screamed from exertion and frustration . 
 her eyes were wide and she scrambled to hold on . 
 i was losing her . 
 a warm arm wrapped around my waist and a hand appeared to grab dare 's wrist next to mine . 
 i looked up to see icarus 's grim face as he pulled both of us out of harm 's way . 
 i fell back onto the bench . 
 sure that icarus had dare safely inside , i slapped a palm on the button to slam the door shut . 
 the silence that followed was punctuated with gasps and curses . 
 i looked at dare 's wild hair and her trembling body , and at icarus 's dirt-streaked and scarred face . 
 `` the rover ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` auto-pilot . 
 we 'll land in the badlands and ditch it . 
 we ca n't go back to book mountain , but maybe jeremiah and his squad will take us in . '' 
 `` they 'll have us , '' dare said . 
 `` we have meridian six on our team . '' 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` do n't you get it ? '' 
 icarus said . 
 `` the daughter of alexis sargosa is finally on the rebel 's side and she 's declared war against the troika . '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` that 's not what happened - '' icarus laughed humorlessly . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 they 'll believe what we tell them , '' he said , sounding too much like the vampire we 'd just killed for my comfort . 
 `` we 'll have to start calling you carmina , though . 
 meridian six has too many bad associations . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes at me . 
 i did n't like the speculative glint i saw there . 
 `` carmina sargosa , '' he tested the words on his tongue . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's got a noble air to it . 
 the kind of name people rally around . 
 a leader . '' 
 i looked over toward rabbit , who lay watching us . 
 his skin was pale and his eyes were feverish , but he was alive . 
 i moved toward him and cradled his small body , careful not to hurt his wounds too much . 
 i pretended i was trying to comfort him , but i needed it , too . 
 icarus 's words had left me feeling both hollow and dirty , used . 
 he did n't want me to be a leader . 
 he wanted me to be his puppet . 
 how could i have been so naive to think i could start a new life on my own terms ? 
 had n't i already learned that the world was made up of two types : the users and the used . 
 i 'd tried to use the rebels to earn my freedom , but i 'd ended up being a pawn . 
 again . 
 sure , i wanted the troika to pay for everything it had taken from me , everything it had withheld . 
 in that sense i guess i was on the rebels ' side . 
 but listening to icarus speak , an icy hand skittered up my spine . 
 i 'd let myself get carried away kicking the hornets ' nest and i was pretty sure before this was all over , i 'd be the one to feel the troika 's sting . 
 `` what have i done ? '' 
 i whispered , mostly to myself . 
 icarus smiled that smile that transformed his ravaged face . 
 only this time it scared me . 
 `` you just gave us the weapon we need to defeat the troika . '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` what kind of weapon ? '' 
 `` the same one that 's been at the center of every good revolution . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` a good story to inspire the troops . '' 
 with that , he rose to check on the cockpit again . 
 dare nudged me out of the way to get to the kid . 
 i dropped onto a bench across the way . 
 through the side window , the stars were laid out like a blanket of diamonds . 
 at that altitude it was easy to forget all the destruction and violence , the hopelessness so common on the ground . 
 up there it was easy to imagine a future where rabbit could grow up healthy and happy . 
 one where i was able to live on my own terms without someone wanting to use me for their cause . 
 i looked down at the red lotus totem sister agrippa had given me . 
 the one that was a symbol of her faith . 
 faith that terrified castor so much it cost him his life . 
 i squeezed my hand around the red disk until it bit into the palm . 
 maybe it was time for me to have a little faith , too . 
 through the rover 's cockpit and toward the horizon , i saw another sign of hope . 
 while behind us the factory still burned like hephaestus 's forge , up ahead another fire glowed , one far more dangerous to the troika than any man-made inferno . 
 dawn streaked across the lavender sky in a fury of orange , yellow and red , announcing the sun 's imminent arrival . 
 the sun was the enemy of every vampire-a fire demon . 
 but i was a human , and to my kind the sun was an angel of life . 
 it nourished our crops and our livestock . 
 it warmed our skin and helped us see . 
 it provided us with energy and a reason to rise every morning . 
 i closed my eyes and imagined absorbing its heat into my pores and filling up my chest cavity with its awesome power . 
 my name was carmina sargosa , daughter of alexis sargosa . 
 and like the sun , i would rise above the troika and finish the work my mother began . 
 i would burn every last vampire to the ground . 
 red means life . 
