 chapter one sabrina hodges never backed down from a challenge , no matter how daunting the task . 
 when a bully named mandy warbuck grabbed her pigtails and demanded her lunch money in the cafeteria , she let loose a well-aimed kick . 
 sandy steered clear of her for the rest of their childhood years . 
 in high school , the same type of kick , though admittedly in a different target area , saved her from a prom date who could n't understand the meaning of no . 
 even so , the choice to move to a foreign country hours away from all her family and friends surprised her as much as them . 
 her late grandparents were british , but she was all-american . 
 well , she had been . 
 she pulled her shiny red smart car up to the top of her newly acquired driveway , and shut off the engine . 
 she exited the car and followed the flower-lined gray stone walkway . 
 the flowers , which looked like carnations , were pleasing shades of pink and white . 
 the spring-like colors seemed to make the crisp autumn air feel warmer . 
 the beautiful blooms lined both sides of the walkway to the front door , and sabrina 's heartbeat accelerated in excitement as she followed their path in a trance-like state . 
 she studied the gray and white stones that made up the front of the house , which showed signs of a fresh washing beneath the vines that climbed past the doors and windows to hang tenaciously from the roof . 
 a twig snapped in the murky forest behind her , and she jumped . 
 she rubbed the goose bumps rising over her arms and glanced into the forest . 
 did a shadow just move behind the tree across the driveway ? 
 or are you just afraid of the shadows ? 
 she thought of the next afternoon , when the security company would arrive to install an electronic system and new locks on all the doors . 
 though she loved her new place , her mama had n't raised an idiot . 
 she had no desire for any late-night visitors . 
 well , not uninvited late-night visitors , she snickered . 
 wandering around to the back , she admired the immaculate landscaped backyard with its vivid green grass and vibrant red , pink , and purple mums arranged in mulched flowerbeds . 
 roses , tulips , and pansies surrounded her , and she smiled and constrained a squeal of delight . 
 she swore she heard the waves crashing against the cliffs . 
 well , are you going to go inside , or stay outside all day , sabrina ? 
 heading to the front , she unlocked the brick-red door-no , her front door-just as her phone rang . 
 she placed her fatty , greasy , one-whole-day 's - worth-of-calories cheeseburger and fries from the local fast food joint on the floor , threw her keys on the stairs , and scrambled through her purse to look for her blackberry . 
 lipstick , wallet , passport , mirror ... phone . 
 ignoring the endless pocket of junk inside her purse , she glanced at the caller id . 
 `` hello , marie . '' 
 she clumsily shrugged her coat off while she walked further into the house . 
 since she had n't bought a coat rack yet , she dropped it in a careless heap on the gleaming hardwood floor behind her . 
 `` did everything go okay ? '' 
 `` yup , i just walked into my new home , '' she replied . 
 `` woohoo . 
 i must admit i 'm confused why you 'd prefer to be alone in a drafty old house in a country that never sees the sun . 
 i would think you 'd rather be in sunny california with me . '' 
 sabrina rolled her eyes at the statement . 
 she 'd heard it at least a million times by now . 
 she could n't blame marie 's confusion , though , since she did n't understand her sudden obsession , either . 
 sabrina did n't exactly enjoy being left to her own company , to say the least . 
 sometimes-okay , a lot of times-she 'd get so lonely she 'd leave her apartment to walk around target to listen to snippets of hushed conversations as people passed her by . 
 an argument between an old married couple about who should take out the trash , the excited murmurs of newlyweds planning the arrival of their first baby ... she needed to hear life . 
 to have company . 
 yet here she stood , in a new country with no friends and no family in a deserted , drafty , house-and perfectly , peculiarly content . 
 `` i already told you , it 's for me . 
 it 's mine . '' 
 in the background she heard samantha , marie 's two-year-old daughter , giggling . 
 samantha wo n't even remember me as she grows up . 
 what have i done ? 
 `` well , congrats again . 
 i have to get samantha ready for a bath . 
 just wanted to make sure you got everything worked out . 
 love ya ! '' 
 `` love you , too . '' 
 sabrina sighed and pressed the end button . 
 loneliness crept over her for a brief moment , before she stomped it down in irritation . 
 time to stop reminiscing about her family thousands of miles away . 
 peeking into the kitchen , she got wooed once again , impressed at the way the modern conveniences mixed with the old-fashioned architecture surrounding her . 
 it was next to impossible to tell that the house had once been a barn . 
 she inhaled the scent of the freshly stained mahogany wood cabinets topped with gleaming amber granite . 
 she skimmed her fingertips over the cool stainless steel appliances , and caressed the double stove she had chosen . 
 images of cooking filet mignon and steaming mashed potatoes for her and her faceless husband , while the pitter-patter of little feet running through the house flashed in her mind . 
 they-a boy and a girl-maybe twins ; would race around the island in the kitchen and into the formal dining room , their giggles filling the silence that currently resided within . 
 she had always wanted a pair ; why go through labor twice ? 
 she sighed and went into the foyer to retrieve her dinner and hunched over that same kitchen island for an early meal of greasy take-out dinner . 
 she scrunched her nose in disgust at the bland taste of the hamburger and stalked across the kitchen to throw away the remains . 
 first thing in the morning , she needed to go shopping for cooking items-and food . 
 a yawn forced her to claim defeat from jet lag , not to mention her move from america to england , and she climbed the stairs to her makeshift bed in her empty room . 
 *** sabrina stood in the woods , staring up at the moon that cast an eerie purple hue through the leaves overhead . 
 goose bumps rose on her skin , and her heart quickened as a lone wolf howled in the distance . 
 a twig snapped behind her , and she spun on her left heel . 
 expecting to see the wolf she had just heard , she found herself taken aback at what met her eyes instead . 
 a man stared at her in silence . 
 never before had she seen a man like him-he was simply unbelievable . 
 at about six and a half feet tall , he easily towered over her , and his body screamed of pure muscular power . 
 the exquisite perfection of his face looked like it belonged on an ancient greek god 's statue . 
 even more so in the purple moonlight . 
 his thick , black hair curled around his head in flawless order-as if it would not dare to disobey his command . 
 even his casual gray t-shirt clung to his body , seeming to fear invoking the retribution of its owner . 
 she read about men who looked like him before-she had even written about them in her novels , but never believed they were in existence . 
 his bright blue gaze locked upon her in intense scrutiny . 
 his stare hypnotized her-at once startling and somehow familiar . 
 he rushed toward her , and she flinched when he pulled her into his embrace . 
 she battled the urge to break free of his hold and fought to get a breath of air . 
 his grip was so snug that she suspected that she fought against iron chains instead of arms . 
 his grip on her loosened a bit , and she wondered if he had realized how tight he held her . 
 `` god , how i 've missed you . 
 i 've hoped you 'd return to me . 
 yet even so , i did n't believe it could happen . 
 but you 're here , in my arms , once more . '' 
 he shook his head , and his eyes seemed to devour every detail of her face . 
 did she know him ? 
 she did n't think so . 
 come on , if she was going to remember anyone , it would be this exquisite man . 
 his arms tightened around her once more , and an overwhelming desperation to be away from him came over her . 
 her lungs burned for air , and she struggled to get out of his hold . 
 she sensed freedom lurking in her mind ; she just needed to fight a little bit harder . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 she kicked his shin , and he did n't even so much as flinch . 
 `` i love you , amelia , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 his breath caused her to shiver . 
 she continued to struggle in his arms , but he smiled seductively down at her , seeming not to notice she did n't clutch his neck but instead fought him . 
 `` please , do n't leave me . 
 you do n't really want to , do you ? '' 
 confusion rolled over her even as she fought to free herself . 
 why would he call her amelia ? 
 jeez , even in her dreams men were jerks who called her by the wrong name . 
 *** when sabrina awoke the next morning , the dream remained fresh in her head . 
 she almost sensed his presence next to her as she moved listlessly throughout the day . 
 she could n't seem to shove him out of her mind . 
 those eyes , that body ... she accidentally rammed her foot against the island , and pain shot up her foot at the collision . 
 she hopped on one foot and squeezed the offending toe as she glared at the cabinet . 
 stop mooning over some dream man . 
 he does n't exist , and never will . 
 you 're more likely to see a freaking vampire or werewolf , for god 's sakes . 
 after a hurried breakfast , she drove into town to shop for furniture . 
 she exited the car and stretched her sore muscles with a grimace . 
 last night had done nothing for her posture , to say the least . 
 she longed for a hot shower-or better yet , a long soak in the huge tub that she now owned-and soft egyptian cotton sheets and feather pillows . 
 she stalked into the furniture store determined to take care of the latter . 
 hours later , she emerged from the same doors with a sense of accomplishment . 
 tomorrow , she 'd be sleeping in luxury and comfort-something she 'd taken for granted until last night . 
 her stomach growled , and a glance at her watch revealed it was already one forty-five in the afternoon . 
 the tea and croissant she 'd indulged in that morning no longer held the gnawing hunger at bay . 
 she stood in indecision as she debated whether or not she had enough time to grab a bite to eat before the security company arrived . 
 a tavern stood just up the road , and she approached it cautiously , given its ramshackle appearance . 
 the exterior boasted of red brick , and the sign that hung over the door appeared to be hand-painted , lending it a quaint touch that lured sabrina to give the place a try . 
 outside the faded green door , where paint peeled off in more places than it remained , a homeless man had an empty jar in front of him as he dozed in the mid-afternoon sun . 
 deciding to take a chance , she withdrew a few euros , dropped it in the man 's jar-got rewarded with a snore as he jerked awake-and entered . 
 seated immediately in a dark wood booth topped by a mustard-yellow tabletop , she surveyed her surroundings . 
 the single light hanging from the ceiling flickered in the middle of the small room , casting a gloomy tone upon the whole interior . 
 `` hello , ma'am . 
 welcome to mcguiness . 
 may i take your order ? '' 
 asked the waitress . 
 her faded nametag had patti imprinted on it ... though the p had long ago been rubbed away to look like an f . 
 she laughed inwardly at the image . 
 fatti ... uh ... patti glanced up from her pad and her jaw dropped . 
 sabrina studied her menu , uncomfortable under the weight of the waitress 's stare . 
 she 'd been told she was gorgeous often enough , but the scrutiny always made her uneasy . 
 petite , she stood at only five-foot-two , but voluptuous curves graced her in her hips and bust , leaving her resembling anything but a waif-like model . 
 she also knew her green eyes were a unique moss color that sparkled , but in her opinion her hair ruined all of these attributes . 
 though it was a beautiful shade of brown with red highlights streaked throughout the curls , it tended to be a frizzy mess most of the time . 
 less shakira , and more chia pet , to be precise . 
 `` i 'll have the chicken cordon bleu and a baked potato and corn , please . 
 oh , and could i also have a cup of tea , no cream or sugar ? '' 
 she lifted her gaze from the menu , pleased to see patti had regained her composure . 
 `` sure , doll . 
 are you visiting the area ? 
 i noticed your accent . 
 american ? '' 
 `` yes , american . 
 but no , i 'm not visiting . 
 i moved here . 
 just yesterday . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , welcome . 
 you live in town ? '' 
 `` no , on wear bay road by the cliffs . '' 
 she smiled politely . 
 `` oh , how nice . 
 well , i 'll go get your tea and bring your salad . 
 house dressing ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 patti scurried away to the kitchen , and sabrina shifted in her seat . 
 silence surrounded her , no one else in sight . 
 only the sound of clanging of pots and the low laughter escaping the kitchen as the door swung on its hinge met her ears . 
 she tapped her fingers on the table , and her foot moved in perfect harmony . 
 the sound of bells ringing disrupted her one-woman band , and she glanced in relief at the door . 
 who would it be ? 
 an old man ? 
 a honeymooning couple ? 
 instead of smiling as she had intended to do , her mouth dropped open , and she forgot to breathe . 
 the man of her dreams had just entered the same room as her . 
 literally-the man from her dreams last night was here . 
 he strode into the room confidently before coming to an abrupt halt . 
 his gaze focused on her as his eyes widened and he paled . 
 she knew with certainty her face mirrored his stunned expression . 
 she took a gulping breath , and the air burned her aching lungs . 
 in her shock , she 'd forgotten the small necessity of breathing . 
 confusion came over her as the blood returned to her brain . 
 wait , why did he stare at her like he 'd just seen a ghost ? 
 sabrina bit her lip as he lifted his foot to take a step toward her , but he froze . 
 his brow furrowed , and his eyes remained locked on her face . 
 patti breezed by him , delivering the promised tea and salad before turning to greet the man . 
 sabrina watched as he tore his gaze from hers to converse with patti . 
 she strained to catch the muted undertones of their conversation-and failed . 
 the man looked once more toward sabrina before exiting . 
 she fought down her irritation at the nameless man , angry he 'd stopped himself from approaching her side earlier . 
 and even more so that he had left without coming to speak to her . 
 he obviously wanted to , so what made him stop ? 
 when patti returned , sabrina warred with herself over whether to question the waitress about him . 
 in the end , her curiosity won out over the years of etiquette drilled into her by her parents and teachers . 
 `` so , dear , how is your tea ? '' 
 patti asked . 
 `` excellent , thanks . '' 
 she cocked her head to the side and studied patti . 
 `` is the man who came in here earlier your friend ? 
 he looked kinda familiar to me . '' 
 `` he 's a regular customer , a local bloke . 
 he wanted to talk to his friend who works here . '' 
 she gave a sharp nod of her head . 
 `` i told him connor had off today , but he 'd be in tomorrow afternoon . 
 so he 'll probably come back . '' 
 `` i see , '' she murmured . 
 patti bustled into the kitchen and returned a few minutes later carrying sabrina 's meal . 
 for once , sabrina had n't noticed how alone she had been , or become antsy . 
 she was too lost in thoughts of her dream man . 
 she finished her meal , paid , and left a generous tip . 
 upon exiting , she spotted a liquor store nearby and darted in for chablis . 
 after the interesting turn of events-events that made her wonder if she were going insane-sabrina needed a drink . 
 or five . 
 halfway back to her car , the hair rose on the back of her neck . 
 she halted mid-step . 
 somebody watched her . 
 she spun on a heel and gasped when she saw the man from her dreams in the alleyway a few feet behind her . 
 he stood cloaked in shadow , but his face could n't be mistaken for anyone else 's . 
 his image had been haunting her relentlessly all day . 
 she took a step toward him , but no sooner had she taken a step toward him , he disappeared . 
 where the hell could he have gone ? 
 she took off at a run , needing to see if she could follow him . 
 men did n't just walk out of your dreams every day , did they ? 
 no , they do n't , you idiot . 
 and now you are running into an alleyway looking for a man who , by all logic and reason , should n't exist . 
 she skidded to a halt in the entrance to the alleyway , one hand on her keychain ... which no longer had any mace . 
 crap . 
 she 'd had to turn it in when she 'd moved the england , and had yet to find a suitable replacement . 
 no matter , for he was n't there-nothing but trash and the overwhelming stench of urine awaited her . 
 she cursed and kicked a crate that rested in disarray against the wall . 
 something dark and ugly scurried out of it at the resounding noise she 'd made . 
 she glowered after it , and cynically shook her head . 
 how could she think that a man could haunt her dreams and come to her in the light of day ? 
 not possible . 
 she could n't have predicted this man would enter her life . 
 no way for her to have known him when he walked into the room . 
 and yet he had . 
 and she did . 
 there just had to be a logical explanation behind this . 
 maybe she had seen him somewhere yesterday , but not noticed him , and he 'd appeared in her dream . 
 not noticed him ? 
 yeah , right . 
 and maybe the homeless guy a few feet away was really prince william , too . 
 maybe , just maybe , she should have stayed in california . 
 chapter two she glanced behind her and forced her protesting legs to move faster . 
 his footsteps grew closer each passing second . 
 hair whipped her in the eyes , forcing them to water in protest , which made it even harder to see where she ran in the purple moonlight , but she pressed herself to speed up even more . 
 he 'd gotten even closer . 
 his steady breathing sounded in her ears above her own desperate gulps of air , somehow mocking her for her weakness , her vulnerability . 
 her aching chest and weak legs forced her to stumble to the ground at a stream , bringing her frenzied flight to a halt . 
 her eyes focused on a blur of motion as a shape leapt overhead and easily landed on the other side of the wide stream rushing over the rocks . 
 he emerged from the concealing shadows of the trees , and the moonlight illuminated the perfection of his face . 
 she was n't shocked to see him . 
 she 'd known all along what , or who , she ran from . 
 the hard glint of a predator in his eyes , however , did freak her out . 
 he was clearly the hunter ... and she the prey . 
 and as quickly as he had leapt across the stream , his eyes softened , smoothing the harsh lines of the huntsman into that of a different chase-a seducer . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that though he no longer chased her , she remained the prey . 
 a shiver ran up her spine at the thought , and she watched him warily as her heart raced . 
 he flashed a grin at her , and she groaned as dimples appeared on both cheeks . 
 as if the man were not hot enough , god had given him dimples . 
 come on , man . 
 `` hello , amelia , '' he murmured . 
 the name rolled off his tongue like silk . 
 `` i 've been waiting here for you to return . '' 
 `` my name is n't amelia . '' 
 the hairs on the back of her neck rose , and she shuddered . 
 `` it 's sabrina . '' 
 `` sabrina ? 
 that 's a pretty name , too . 
 it suits you . '' 
 he stalked toward her , and she shot to her feet and retreated . 
 `` but to me , you will always be my amelia . 
 do n't run , '' he said soothingly , his arm held out , palm up , to her . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 i 've been waiting for you a long time . 
 i 'll not hurt you . 
 i promise to keep you safe . '' 
 though her every instinct shouted at her to run screaming through the forest , she stood rooted to the ground watching him as he nimbly jumped over the water and landed in front of her . 
 she watched his eyes move as he studied her face before enfolding her in his arms tenderly . 
 for a brief moment she felt ... cherished . 
 until he threaded his hands through her hair and crushed her lips beneath his . 
 breathing quickly became forgotten as his lips plundered hers , and she clutched his shoulders , desperate to hold onto reality . 
 her ability to think fled , as all her senses and thoughts were consumed by the man holding her . 
 but was he a man ? 
 men did n't come to you in dreams before you ever met them in real life . 
 the thought sobered her as being doused with a bucket of cold water would have , and she jerked away from his kiss . 
 his hands tightened painfully in her hair , and she whimpered in protest . 
 `` who are you ? 
 what are you ? '' 
 his gaze hardened . 
 the hunter look returned to his face , and a shiver crept over her spine . 
 her mind shrieked at her , warning her of danger . 
 `` you are mine , remember it always , '' he whispered . 
 he tore his gaze from hers and looked behind her head and cursed under his breath . 
 he kissed her hard-rushed-and turned from her and ran . 
 only the sound of her speeding heart and the eerie purple moon kept her company . 
 *** the next week was filled with writing her current romance novel and decorating , and she did n't leave her house . 
 until today , anyway . 
 it was friday , and she 'd decided to take a trip into town for some shopping . 
 checking off the last item on her list , she groaned when her stomach growled . 
 time for a dinner break . 
 she , of course , knew where to go . 
 she parked in front of the tavern where she 'd seen him in the flesh and hopped out of the car with bated breath . 
 would he be there ? 
 she absentmindedly threw a bill into the jar in front of the homeless man-sleeping , again-and entered the dimly lit room . 
 she searched , but only the flickering light hanging over the middle of the room met her eyes . 
 disappointment crept over her even as she searched the room once more . 
 as if he 'd appear from behind the door and yell , `` boo ! '' 
 to make it worse , no dreams had come all week , and she yearned to see him , to see if he actually existed . 
 this was ridiculous in itself , because of course he did n't . 
 duh . 
 when lingering over her dinner did n't make him magically appear , she left the tavern heavy-hearted . 
 each footstep she took seemed harder than the last . 
 she paused and considered the alleyway he 'd appeared in the other day . 
 could he be in there ? 
 `` looking for him , miss ? '' 
 she jumped at the gravelly voice behind her , whirling to see who spoke . 
 it was the homeless man-aware for once . 
 awake , he positively terrified her . 
 intelligence swam in his eyes , and that was all she could make out of him . 
 the rest of his face was buried under hair and dirt . 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? 
 looking for who ? '' 
 `` the tall bloke who came here last time you were , miss . '' 
 `` i thought you were sleeping . '' 
 nonchalantly , she rested her hand on the mace hanging off her keychain-and found it missing ... again . 
 his eyes followed her small movement . 
 `` i just see things , i do . 
 and i saw him leave , and he watched you leave . '' 
 `` so he was there , '' she said . 
 `` i thought i saw him in the alley ! '' 
 `` yes , miss . 
 but right as soon as he saw you , he scattered like the rats that live there-always trying to steal my food , they are . '' 
 he shook his head and grumbled something too quietly for sabrina to make out . 
 `` are you always here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i live here , ma'am . 
 keep an eye on the place to make sure the wrong sort does n't get in . '' 
 his chest puffed out in pride . 
 she refrained from pointing out most establishments deemed him the wrong sort . 
 she knew he 'd take offense at the remark and had no desire to hurt his feelings . 
 `` well , obviously you do an excellent job . 
 have you seen the man here again , recently ? '' 
 `` oh yes , he came here today . 
 looked real out-of-sorts , he did . 
 hiding in the shadows , searching for something . 
 methinks he seeks you . '' 
 his tone of voice held a sly tone to it , as if he were in on a secret she was n't . 
 she shivered and glanced toward the alley . 
 `` is he here , now ? '' 
 she searched the shadows , but sensed no movement . 
 `` no , he left a few hours ago . 
 you 're safe with old zeke here . '' 
 she fought down the apprehension creeping up her spine and smiled at zeke . 
 `` well , i 'm going home . 
 keep an eye out for troublemakers , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 that 's my job . 
 thanks for the money . '' 
 he tipped his battered hat at her . 
 his hair stuck out in several threadbare spots where the fabric had worn away . 
 `` you are the perfect woman . 
 looks and a warm heart . '' 
 she blushed , embarrassed by the praise . 
 `` do n't mention it , zeke . '' 
 she waved and got into the car to drive home , feeling curiously empty despite the full meal she 'd ingested . 
 she 'd obviously gone insane . 
 why did this man haunt her so ? 
 sure , he was ungodly hot-but did he have to consume her both night and day ? 
 ugh , time for some good tv . 
 an hour later , she sat absorbed in the gripping drama of a team of police searching for a killer before they lost one of their own . 
 a thud outside her door caused her to lurch to her feet and gasp . 
 holding a shaky hand to her pounding heart , she tiptoed toward the door , without consciously having made the decision to go there . 
 she peered through the tiny peephole , and her breath caught in her throat when she saw a shadow in the trees . 
 the shadow , eerily enough , seemed to creep toward her . 
 anything that moved in the night like that could n't be a good thing . 
 it crept far too stealthy , as if it were used to hunting things in the dark night . 
 she watched the threat as it snuck closer to her house , afraid to make as much as a breath of a sound . 
 the shadow flew through the air and out of sight . 
 it travelled so fast she questioned the validity of it . 
 nothing , human or animal , could move so majestically . 
 except ... no , it could n't be possible . 
 in the dream the man might have done it , but in real life he was simply a man . 
 he did n't leap over buildings in real life . 
 unless ... she 'd fallen asleep . 
 she pinched her bicep as hard as she could and winced as pain shot up her arm . 
 nope , definitely not a dream . 
 she rubbed her aching arm as a sound came from above her . 
 frozen in fear , she glanced at the ceiling . 
 the shuffling noises pulled her from her panic , and she scrambled for the phone on the coffee table . 
 a soft , menacing chuckle met her ears , and the phone crashed to the floor loudly , followed by an unmistakable rolling sound . 
 she dropped to her knees to search frantically for the missing batteries . 
 `` shit , shit , shit ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 oddly enough , the feeling of terror that had come upon sabrina left . 
 somehow , she knew whoever , or whatever , had caused her fear had left . 
 this made no sense at all . 
 but hell , what had made sense lately ? 
 nothing , absolutely nothing . 
 *** sabrina sat by the stream in the purple moonlight once again . 
 it seemed like she 'd been watching the water move over the rocks for hours before she sensed him behind her . 
 he walked to her side and held out his hand . 
 she took it and rose slowly to her feet . 
 his cool palm caused her to tremble , partly because his hand felt so cold against hers , and partly because of the sensations that shot up her arm at his touch . 
 `` hello , sabrina . 
 did you miss me ? '' 
 `` why am i even dreaming of you ? 
 this makes no sense . 
 i only saw you once , and yet i ca n't get you out of my mind . '' 
 she met his intense blue gaze . 
 `` this is crazy . 
 i 'm asking questions of a person in my dream . 
 and to top it off , i 'm now imagining things jumping on my roof while awake . 
 i have gone insane , '' she muttered under her breath . 
 `` something came to your house ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his grip tightened on her arms , and his eyes flashed possessively . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 `` i have no idea ! 
 but it jumped on the roof . 
 it reminded me of you , except for one minor detail : you 're not real . 
 you 're a figment of my imagination . '' 
 `` do n't doubt me , sabrina . 
 i 'm real . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm always here for you . '' 
 he captured her hand and kissed it . 
 `` go to mcguiness 's tavern tomorrow morning . 
 i 'll be there . 
 you 'll see i 'm real , and not some silly dream . '' 
 he caressed her cheek , and she trembled . 
 `` but who are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 she licked her dry lips and clutched her hands into fists . 
 his gaze followed the movement of her tongue , and he grabbed her and lifted her so her feet dangled in the air . 
 despite the roughness of the movement , fear did n't consume her . 
 hunger for his kiss overwhelmed her-made her tremble in his arms . 
 instead , he seized her hair and jerked her head backward . 
 her neck exposed , he lowered his head to the sensitive spot where neck and shoulder met . 
 she heard him inhale deeply , and she shuddered in his arms . 
 his breath felt cool on her skin , and she trembled in an odd mixture of fear and desire . 
 when his lips met her skin , it seemed as though a bolt of lightning jolted through her body , making her jerk in his arms . 
 instant lust . 
 `` i 'm yours , sabrina . 
 and you 'll get your questions answered . 
 all you need to know right now is you 're mine . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` no , wait . 
 tell me now , '' she demanded . 
 but she spoke to air , for as quietly as he 'd come , he had left . 
 once again , she stood alone in the dark night . 
 she looked up at the moon and shivered . 
 `` son of a bitch , '' she mumbled . 
 only the silence of the forest surrounding her answered . 
 *** sabrina had lost it , simply lost it . 
 they might as well slap on the straightjacket now and strap her to the bed . 
 padded walls , here i come . 
 things were getting out of her control . 
 she obviously struggled to separate dreams from reality , and night from day . 
 while awake , she saw shadows jump onto her roof and heard evil chuckles echoing in the night . 
 yet , when sleeping , she would dream of a man tempting her to fall in love . 
 everything had become backwards . 
 it made no sense . 
 yet , even knowing she hovered only a couple of steps away from being committed did n't stop her from taking extra care arranging her hair and applying her makeup before rushing out of the house . 
 she had no errands to run , nowhere she needed to be . 
 one thing remained certain , however : she was going to the mcguiness 's tavern for every meal necessary . 
 hell , she 'd even sleep there next to zeke . 
 desperation to see if her dream became reality , or if she was going insane , ruled her . 
 and yet , she feared the answer . 
 *** upon arriving at the tavern , sabrina discovered , much to her disappointment , they did n't open until lunchtime . 
 even zeke , ever present , had n't shown up yet . 
 his empty jar still sat there , but he was nowhere in sight . 
 lunchtime would n't arrive for two more hours , so she hovered outside the door . 
 she could go shopping until lunch , or go home and come back later . 
 or she could , more sensibly , return home and forget this whole idea . 
 the very suggestion a man in a dream could tell her she would meet him in the reality of daylight rang of ludicrousness , so why had she even come ? 
 she cursed and decided to head home . 
 absorbed in contemplating her stupidity , she spun and crashed into a rock-solid wall . 
 she broke free from her thoughts and raised her gaze to see she had n't run into a wall at all . 
 she 'd collided with a man . 
 a very tall man , considering the fact her nose throbbed from slamming into his chest . 
 she stumbled backward and embarrassed herself further when she tripped over her own feet . 
 arms reached out to steady her , and she blushed in mortification . 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry , i was n't watching where i - '' she broke off . 
 finally finding her feet steady on the ground , she lifted her gaze to his face . 
 mistake . 
 huge freaking mistake . 
 it was him . 
 she stared , stunned into speechlessness . 
 he 'd come . 
 he 'd actually showed up . 
 and , perhaps even more shocking , he looked even more attractive when she rested in his arms . 
 a small tingle raced up her spine , and her heart quickened . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 please , do n't worry . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side with a small smile and inquired , `` do you come here often ? 
 i think i 've seen you here before . 
 oh , that sounded like a horrible pick-up line , did n't it ? '' 
 she laughed-with a hysterical undertone , to be honest-and mentally flinched at the forced quality that rang through it . 
 `` no , i do come here quite a bit . 
 i 'm new to the area , and this has become a common place for me . 
 um , my name is sabrina . 
 sabrina hodges , nice to meet you . '' 
 she stepped back to offer him her hand . 
 a covert glance at her outstretched fingers revealed they were n't shaking like the rest of her body . 
 but it went to hell when his fingers closed over hers . 
 pure electric energy shot up her arm , settling into unadulterated lust . 
 dear god . 
 `` i 'm isaac sterling . 
 nice to , uh , run into you , sabrina . '' 
 he smiled fully and her eyes widened . 
 it was not fair to unleash such a devastating creature upon women . 
 it became obvious to her , here and now : god was a man . 
 unfair . 
 `` if you were looking for breakfast , it is n't open yet , but i might be able to take care of you . 
 my friend connor is the cook here , and we had a meeting planned inside . 
 why do n't you come in ? 
 he 'll make you an omelet you 'll never forget . '' 
 `` oh no , i could n't . 
 i just wanted to grab a bite to eat . 
 it 's nothing that ca n't wait . '' 
 she protested and shook her head . 
 `` really , i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` ach , now , you would n't be turning me down , would you ? 
 talk about breaking a man 's heart on the first meeting ... '' he held his left hand dramatically over his heart . 
 she could n't help but return his smile . 
 she watched his eyes widen and then darken , and she beamed even wider at seeing the evidence of her effect on him . 
 `` well , i 'd hate to break such a kind man 's heart . '' 
 she leaned in and whispered , `` you did forgive me for running you over . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 i saved you from falling , too , '' he said . 
 he chuckled and gave her an exaggerated wink . 
 `` a gentleman would n't have reminded me , you know . '' 
 `` who told you i 'm a gentleman ? '' 
 he teased . 
 his crooked grin caused her heart to do odd little flip-flops in her chest . 
 `` i just ca n't interfere in your meeting , though . 
 it would n't feel right . '' 
 `` okay , i 've got a solution , if you 're sure i ca n't convince you to join me . 
 why do n't you give me your number , and maybe you can make your recklessness up to me at dinner ? 
 we 'd be able to call it even , i 'd say . '' 
 `` hmmm ... maybe . '' 
 she glanced up at him through her eyelashes and hoped her cheeks were n't blushing from the excited racing of her heart . 
 `` do you have paper to write it down on , or a phone to put it in ? '' 
 he smiled and pulled his cell phone out while responding , `` how about i give you my number now , and you can call me on your phone-presuming you have one-and we 'll have one another 's phone numbers right away ? '' 
 she agreed and called the number he gave her . 
 his ringer went off , and she could n't help but notice he had chosen an old-fashioned phone ringing noise for his ringtone . 
 no fancy ringtones for this hunk of a man . 
 `` ah , the pleasures of the twenty-first century , huh ? 
 now i do n't have to worry you brushed me off by giving me a fake number , '' he said . 
 `` and now i have your number so i can call and harass you if you do n't call me . 
 it works both ways , buddy , '' she replied . 
 she could n't believe that she could smile and joke . 
 in her dreams , tenseness usually revolved around them , and the air always filled with a hint of danger . 
 `` yes , true . 
 i have to ask . 
 are you american ? '' 
 `` guilty as charged . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow and inquired , `` is that a problem ? '' 
 `` certainly not . 
 i love americans , '' he assured her . 
 too quickly , she snickered . 
 `` and are you british , or scottish ? 
 i 'm having hard time placing your accent . 
 i 'm usually so good at that , too . '' 
 `` you 're not to blame for the confusion . 
 i 'm a mutt . '' 
 `` from ? '' 
 she asked . 
 curiosity made her want to know everything about him , right here , right now . 
 and tell me , how do you come to my dreams ? 
 yeah , because that would make a good impression , sabrina . 
 run from the crazy lady , isaac . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm a local , but i 've moved around a lot . 
 well , my american friend sabrina , have no doubt you 'll be hearing from me about our date . '' 
 gallantly bowing over her hand , he brushed his lips across her knuckles so lightly she thought maybe she 'd imagined it . 
 when he withdrew , however , she swore she could feel the fire where his lips had been moments before . 
 she barely resisted the urge to place her lips in the same spot on her hand , like a teenager kissing a robert pattinson poster . 
 get a grip , sabrina . 
 he kissed your hand . 
 it 's not like he threw you to the ground and had his way with you . 
 i bet you would like him to , would n't you ? 
 plastering a smile on her face , she said , `` yes , i 'm looking forward to it . '' 
 she smiled one last time in what she hoped seemed a demure fashion-but more than likely took her another step closer to a padded room-and attempted to walk gracefully to her car . 
 she wondered how graceful she could appear , though , when her heart felt like it would race right out of her chest . 
 great , just great . 
 she reached the car and could n't decide whether to be terrified her dream had come true , or excited she had met him , and better yet , had a tentative date planned . 
 some way , somehow , her dream had come true . 
 but to even think this man , this isaac , could invade her subconscious and tell her he would to meet her at a tavern reeked of stupidity . 
 men did n't come to you in dreams and claim you as their own , and they certainly did n't meet you in real life at the places they named in said dreams . 
 things like that just did n't happen . 
 the man from her dream and the one she met today did n't even seem like they could be the same man . 
 they were identical in appearance , yet the man in her dreams seemed harsh , rough , and dangerous as opposed to the subtle magnificence of the man at the tavern . 
 concluding it an odd coincidence , she shoved any lingering doubts aside . 
 she had gotten a tentative date with an incredibly attractive man . 
 she did n't have time to sit around worrying . 
 she had a date to plan . 
 chapter three she 'd somehow gotten back in the woods , though not alone . 
 he already stood beside her , and he seemed angry . 
 his eyes accused her as if she had done something to betray him . 
 `` what 's wrong , isaac ? '' 
 he tensed and hissed at the sound of her voice . 
 his eyes looked hard , bitter . 
 `` you went to the tavern today ? '' 
 after a slight hesitation , she nodded . 
 `` yes , you were there . '' 
 looking up into the sky , he muttered something under his breath . 
 she followed his gaze and noticed the stars twinkled merrily above in the purple moonlight , completely at odds with the tension swirling around them both . 
 `` i see . '' 
 he jerked her into his arms and pressed against her . 
 `` you 're mine , you remember that . '' 
 he threaded his hand through her curls roughly , making her scalp sting painfully . 
 she bit back a gasp , narrowing her eyes at him . 
 `` you 're hurting me , '' she said . 
 he released his tight grip upon her curls instantly , and his eyes darkened in remorse . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to hurt you , '' he whispered . 
 he gently rubbed her scalp to soothe away the pain . 
 `` you 're much nicer in person , i 'll have you know . 
 maybe i need to stop having these dreams , '' she muttered . 
 his face turned red , and he glowered at her . 
 `` never say that again , '' he ordered . 
 `` or , what ? 
 i 'll never see you again ? 
 this is all fake . 
 as a matter of fact , i am leaving . 
 now . '' 
 thunder boomed overhead , causing her to jump and look at the sky . 
 grimacing at the clouds hovering above , she started walking faster , isaac forgotten in the face of the coming storm . 
 dream or no , she despised storms . 
 she got caught off guard when he swept her off her feet and into his arms . 
 she had n't even heard him behind her . 
 he scowled down at her , his eyes practically shooting fire balls at her . 
 why would he be mad at her ? 
 no . 
 not mad-furious . 
 absolutely irate . 
 `` put me down , '' she growled . 
 she shoved his shoulders with both hands . 
 `` no . 
 you need to be home , but you walk too slowly . '' 
 she realized he prepared to run and instinctively closed her eyes to avoid the dizzying speeds she knew he would achieve . 
 she 'd seen him run before . 
 it was mesmerizing , yet terrifying . 
 when he halted , she opened her eyes and realized they were on her doorstep . 
 she met his gaze , surprised to see that instead of his usual arrogance , he looked down at her desperately , his eyes beseeching hers . 
 `` may i come in ? '' 
 she opened her mouth to reply , but before she could , isaac got thrown violently to the side . 
 he crashed into a tree , and she tried to run toward him , but could n't move . 
 her legs would n't move . 
 she was ... frozen . 
 *** she awoke terrified of something-or someone . 
 but she could n't remember ... oh god , her dream . 
 isaac had been hurt . 
 no , no . 
 it had been a dream . 
 not reality . 
 he was okay . 
 she felt fine , too . 
 all remained good in her world . 
 right ? 
 she checked the clock , groaning in dismay when she saw it was only two o'clock in the morning . 
 she punched her pillow and tried to relax and seek more sleep . 
 eventually she found it , in the form of dreamless slumber . 
 *** sabrina attempted to keep busy by writing her latest book . 
 even so , it seemed the past two days had been more along the lines of two weeks , since they 'd passed unbearably slowly . 
 she could n't stop thinking about isaac . 
 even now , one word sat alone on her computer screen . 
 isaac . 
 the reason she could n't stop thinking of him ? 
 simple . 
 they had a date tonight . 
 and she could n't seem to think about anything else , no matter how hard she tried to focus . 
 marie had called yesterday , and she 'd filled her sister in on her new love interest . 
 perhaps she had been too enthusiastic in her descriptions , while trying to be , at the same time , cryptic in how much information she revealed . 
 she had been forced , as well , to repeat the whole conversation that had occurred over the phone between her and isaac verbatim to her sister . 
 she smiled , remembering . 
 her phone had rung , and she immediately knew it would be him , even before she had looked at the caller id . 
 `` hello , sabrina . 
 it 's the man you ran over yesterday . 
 isaac , in case there 's more than one of us . '' 
 his unique chuckle had washed over her to whisper of pleasures to be had at his hands . 
 `` i 've called to cash in on that date we spoke of . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 sabrina ? 
 nope , i think you have the wrong number , '' she said . 
 `` mm . 
 nice try . 
 i 'd recognize your american accent anywhere . '' 
 `` betrayed by my heritage , huh ? '' 
 `` yup , '' isaac replied . 
 the amusement in his voice made her smile . 
 `` so , you run me over , promise me a date , and then try to get rid of me . 
 you americans are ruthless . 
 it 's not just a rumor , is it ? '' 
 `` no , it 's definitely true . 
 we 're a rough , merciless lot . 
 you 'd better remember it in the future , '' she replied . 
 giddiness came over her and she realized she felt like a teenager again . 
 heck , she had n't even been this excited when the school football captain had asked her to prom . 
 `` so , now that you found me , what are you going to demand from me for recompense ? '' 
 `` oh , you think you 're so tough . 
 you have n't met a wronged brit . 
 you 've got no idea what it is we 're capable of anymore . '' 
 `` uh oh . 
 i 'm quaking in my , uh , slippers . '' 
 `` slippers , huh ? 
 are they fuzzy bunny ones ? '' 
 she laughed out loud before glancing down at her slippers , which were , indeed , fuzzy . 
 `` that 's none of your business , sir . 
 there are numbers you can call if you want to know what i 'm wearing . '' 
 `` ouch . 
 you 're cruel , you truly are . 
 you certainly have a talent for crushing a man 's ego , do n't you ? '' 
 `` and running over them , as well . 
 we ca n't forget . '' 
 `` okay , you 've put me in my place . 
 now , we must move onto the punishment , as you call it . '' 
 he paused , and she tapped the fingers of her right hand on the table as she waited for him to continue . 
 `` i 'm thinking dinner . 
 also some wine , maybe conversation , and soft candlelight ? 
 does it sound too horrible to you , lass ? '' 
 `` oh , well , now that does sound pretty horrible . 
 horribly wonderful . 
 i love it . '' 
 `` great . 
 how 's monday night for you ? 
 are you free ? 
 not working , i hope ? '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 i 'm free . 
 i usually have a flexible schedule . '' 
 she rushed to assure him while frowning at the blank page in front of her . 
 the cursor blinking rapidly taunted her and she flinched . 
 maybe she sounded too eager . 
 `` sounds good to me . 
 if you give me your address , i 'll pick you up at eight . '' 
 after providing him her address , they 'd hung up and time had proceeded to stand absolutely still . 
 she gave up trying to work on her current manuscript and closed her laptop . 
 her characters were giving her a hard time . 
 her hero wanted to leave her heroine , and she could n't allow that . 
 but they were fighting her ... and winning . 
 her writing was n't going nearly as smoothly as she would like . 
 kind of like her life . 
 *** isaac glanced in the mirror one last time when his phone rang . 
 he pulled it out of his pocket as he sighed and answered without bothering to look at the caller id . 
 only his friends had the number to his cell , so he knew the call would not be a professional one . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hey , remember the problem we discussed on saturday ? '' 
 connor asked . 
 his voice came through urgent , yet hushed , as if he were afraid of being overheard . 
 the clanging of pots in the background confirmed isaac 's suspicions . 
 connor called him from work . 
 `` mmm-hmm , '' he murmured . 
 `` tonight , at one in the morning . '' 
 he glanced at his watch , noting he needed to leave in five minutes to pick up sabrina . 
 `` okay , i 'll be there . '' 
 he hung up his phone and paced . 
 he kicked the couch and cursed at having not acted fast enough . 
 this could have been avoided if he had been more proactive . 
 but instead , they were embroiled in a tangled mess , disturbingly familiar , and he did n't like it one bit . 
 isaac ran his hands through his hair and finished his preparations for the evening before leaving for sabrina 's house on time , despite the addition to his post-date plans . 
 it would n't do at all to be late since he could n't afford to get off on the wrong foot . 
 it remained imperative he 'd get as close to her as possible . 
 *** at eight o'clock sharp , isaac knocked on sabrina 's door . 
 it swung open a few seconds later , and he drew in a breath he had n't even realized he 'd been holding in . 
 she looked gorgeous . 
 too bloody gorgeous . 
 `` hello , isaac . '' 
 she answered the door smiling , dressed in a black t-shirt and tight jeans that clung to her hips like a second skin . 
 god , he 'd pay anything get into those jeans . 
 hell , to be her jeans . 
 `` hello , sabrina . 
 you look wonderful . '' 
 his hand had been behind his back , but he brought it forward to hold out a bouquet of lavender roses for her . 
 something crossed in her eyes that looked like apprehension , but it melted away as she smiled . 
 `` these pale in comparison to you , but i thought you 'd like them regardless . '' 
 he grinned as she took them from his hand and brought them to her nose to inhale their fragrant scent . 
 `` thank you , so much . 
 i love them , truly . '' 
 she headed to the kitchen , and he remained in the doorway , feeling uncertain . 
 should he follow her , or stay in the doorway ? 
 she paused and blinked rapidly while she tilted her head to the side and stared at him . 
 `` please , come in . 
 i 'm going to put these in some water . '' 
 she made a sweeping gesture to invite him inside . 
 he grinned as he stepped inside and closed the door behind him . 
 he followed her into the kitchen and remarked , `` this is a beautiful house you have . 
 so quiet and charming . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 truth be told , i fell in love at first sight . 
 it seemed to call to me . 
 it 's lovely . '' 
 while sabrina fussed over the flowers , isaac studied his surroundings . 
 despite his words , a chill ran up his spine at the sight of her home . 
 sure , she had a security system , but it needed more protection . 
 the kind only he could provide . 
 he 'd have to fix that immediately . 
 and the location ? 
 that was a whole other story . 
 isaac watched as she flowed through the kitchen and forced himself to take a calming breath . 
 he felt as if an eternity had passed since he had seen her , last watched her smile . 
 it took every ounce of his control to not sweep her into his arms and carry her up the stairs . 
 though he wanted to do just that-god , did he want to-he knew he could n't . 
 he had to act normal . 
 he could n't afford to push her away ; they were running out of time . 
 he pulled himself out of his thoughts , only to curse silently at the sight of her pursed lips . 
 shit . 
 how long had he been standing there , brooding ? 
 he flashed what he hoped was a bright smile . 
 `` well , should we head out ? '' 
 `` sure , i 'm ready , '' she assured him . 
 she collected her purse , shut off the lights , and followed him outside . 
 he watched as she locked her doors and set the alarm code . 
 when she finished , he grabbed her arm and led her to his car . 
 *** the restaurant isaac chose radiated elegancy . 
 after he worked some sort of magic on the manager , they were seated at a secluded table in the back , behind deep red curtains . 
 a single candle burned in a crystal votive on the table . 
 after they ordered their dinner , filet mignon for both of them , hers medium-well , his rare , they sipped red wine as he began a subtle interrogation . 
 `` so what do you do , sabrina ? '' 
 `` i write . '' 
 she took a leisurely sip of wine . 
 `` oh ? 
 anything i would know ? '' 
 `` i write a series called darkness . 
 it 's a love story between two vampires . 
 each book progresses through time , and i 've started the final book in the present day . 
 the tale started in the seventeenth century . '' 
 she fiddled with her wine glass and shifted in her seat . 
 she hated when people asked her what she wrote about . 
 she used to stutter while trying to sum up in two sentences what her entire book was about , until she forced herself to come up with a generic reply to the question . 
 it made life a heck of a lot easier . 
 `` i 've heard of it . 
 charlotte hannigan , right ? 
 that 's your pen name ? '' 
 `` yes , it is , '' she replied . 
 `` i like to keep my identity a secret . 
 keeps any overzealous fans at bay . 
 what about you , isaac ? '' 
 `` i 'm in real estate . 
 i acquire and sell a variety of land and structures spread throughout the world . 
 i either sell the properties after extensive remodeling , or i rent them out . 
 quite boring , compared to your occupation . '' 
 `` no , it sounds interesting , '' she assured . 
 `` no , it really is n't . '' 
 isaac laughed , and she joined in . 
 `` any siblings ? '' 
 `` yes , one . 
 her name is marie . 
 she 's married , and has a daughter named samantha . 
 her husband 's a lawyer , and they 're expecting a boy in february . 
 they live in san clemente , california . '' 
 a pang of homesickness came over her as she thought of marie . 
 she missed her laugh and her smile . 
 `` are you from there ? '' 
 she tore herself from her inner thoughts and responded , `` yes . 
 and you ? 
 siblings ? '' 
 isaac tensed , and his eyes hardened almost undiscernibly . 
 why did the mere mention of siblings cause him to close up in such a visible way ? 
 maybe there was a rift between them ? 
 he hesitated before answering . 
 `` yes , a brother . 
 we 're not close , though . '' 
 he gave a sharp wave of his hand , as if to wave away the awkwardness of the current thread of conversation . 
 he obviously did n't want to talk about his estranged brother . 
 `` no ? 
 i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 she could n't imagine her life without marie . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 do your parents also live in california ? '' 
 isaac asked . 
 `` no , they died . 
 i only have marie . 
 yours ? '' 
 `` with yours . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . '' 
 `` and i yours , '' he returned . 
 dinner arrived and interrupted their conversation . 
 when she caught sight of isaac 's entree , she got immediately taken aback at how bloody he 'd ordered his steak . 
 `` wow . 
 it looks like that should still be mooing . 
 is it done enough for you ? '' 
 she babbled . 
 sabrina checked her steak to see if it appeared done enough . 
 it did . 
 she returned her gaze to his and saw him regarding her with amusement . 
 `` yes , this is how i like it . 
 i know , it 's not healthy , but it is so worth the risk . 
 just try a bite , you 'll see . '' 
 she watched with a marked lack of enthusiasm as he cut a bite off of his steak , holding it out to her . 
 he unleashed both dimples upon her before pleading . 
 `` please ? 
 for me ? '' 
 next thing she knew , she chewed it , and she struggled to remember having agreed to try a bite . 
 unfair . 
 surprisingly enough , he spoke true . 
 she closed her eyes and chewed on the tender meat , groaning in pure culinary delight . 
 `` oh my god , you 're right ! 
 i would never have thought it could be so good . 
 it 's moist , and tender , and , and , and ... delectable . '' 
 she gazed from her steak to his and fought down disappointment . 
 what had once appeared perfect now seemed overcooked and bland . 
 isaac laughed and casually flicked his wrist . 
 immediately , the waiter arrived by his side . 
 `` please , i must have made an error . 
 can we have another steak , done rare as well ? 
 the lady will eat mine , as we wait . '' 
 he handed off her previous order before she had a chance to object and placed his plate in front of her . 
 `` now , please do enjoy . '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 i ca n't . 
 you just gave me your dinner , the least i can do is wait . 
 you did n't have to do that ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 her face heated as she realized what she 'd just done . 
 she 'd just stolen his dinner . 
 good first-date move , sabrina . 
 yet even as she protested , she stole a peek out of the corner of her eye at the plate before her . 
 it looked irresistible . 
 she fleetingly wondered if they 'd drugged it . 
 the waiter returned inexplicably fast , holding another plate . 
 `` here you are , sir . 
 sorry about the wait . '' 
 he observed isaac for approval before refilling their wine glasses and leaving . 
 `` here , give me yours , '' isaac murmured as he reached across the table . 
 he snatched up her plate before she could as much as blink in surprise , switching them yet again . 
 `` isaac , please . '' 
 she moaned . 
 `` you 're killing me here . '' 
 she dropped her head to her hands in embarrassment . 
 `` hey , do n't do that , '' he soothed . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i want your dinner to be perfect . 
 how else will i get you to agree to see me again ? '' 
 she met his teasing eyes , and a grin tugged at her lips despite her hot cheeks . 
 `` why would you want to see me again ? 
 are you on a diet ? '' 
 his mouth quirked until he threw his head back and burst into laughter . 
 sabrina saw several people-women , to be exact-glance over at his laugh . 
 `` my , god , you 're delightful . '' 
 she grinned and leaned toward him to whisper . 
 `` i think you 're just trying to make me feel better for stealing your dinner . '' 
 `` the fact that i let you do it shows how very much i like you , my dear . 
 i do n't share well . '' 
 he smiled crookedly . 
 `` neither do i . 
 so back off my plate before i stab you with my fork , '' she warned , while raising the silver in a threatening manner . 
 they both laughed , and the awkwardness of her stealing his meal-twice-disappeared . 
 thank god . 
 *** a strange stillness sat in the air outside sabrina 's house . 
 no trees swayed in the breeze , no animals scampered in the forest , as if the world itself had come to a halt . 
 uneasiness rolled over her , and she studied isaac out of the corner of her eye . 
 surprisingly , he seemed to be as tense as her . 
 his grip on her arm was tighter than necessary , and his lips were pressed together as well . 
 she could feel the tension pulsating off his body , and she got taken back into her dreams . 
 for the first time in real life , he made her shiver in apprehension . 
 as if sensing her fear , he shot her a quick grin . 
 `` well , i had a lovely evening . '' 
 he spoke over his shoulder as he practically dragged her to the door . 
 she stumbled in an attempt to keep up with his pace . 
 at the door he pointedly stared at her , causing her to realize he waited for her to open it . 
 she fumbled through the mess she called a purse to find the key . 
 she turned to him and smiled as she studied him through the cover of her eyelashes . 
 `` would you like to come in for a nightcap ? 
 i have wine ... or coffee ... or tea , or ... '' she stuttered to a stop , unsure of what to say . 
 god , she sounded like such an idiot . 
 nightcap ? 
 who the heck said nightcap anymore ? 
 `` while i 'd love to take you up on that offer , i have something i have to take care of tonight . 
 could i get a rain check ? 
 for say , tomorrow night ? 
 we could do a movie and wine ? 
 or is tomorrow too soon in the dating world ? '' 
 `` no , not too soon at all . 
 i 'd love to see you tomorrow . '' 
 she tried to hide her disappointment behind a bright smile . 
 `` you can call me , and we 'll firm up a time . 
 good night . '' 
 she turned to go inside and got caught off-guard when he grabbed her elbow and spun her to face him . 
 it happened so quickly she leaned back against the door in confusion ; one hand on the doorknob and the other braced against the cool steel of the door . 
 he moved his body closer to hers and placed his hand at her head . 
 his other hand cupped her cheek while his thumb stroked her jaw line . 
 all thought fled as his body pressed against hers , and a small swoosh of air escaped her lips at his touch . 
 `` i did n't think it even possible for you to grow more beautiful , but you have proven me wrong . '' 
 when his lips met hers , she lost all thought , all ability to move . 
 she 'd somehow been tied to this spot-this man . 
 she needed to be like this . 
 to have his arms around her , his lips on hers . 
 the emotions washing over her were so powerful that if he had n't supported her with his weight , she 'd have fallen to a heap on the ground . 
 when he ended the kiss , it took all of her control to stand upright . 
 she fought the urge to fling herself at him and knock him to the ground in her haste to seduce him . 
 to have him inside her . 
 he stroked her cheek one last time and ran his thumb across her lower lip , pleasantly swollen from his kiss . 
 it tingled at his gentle touch , and she quaked . 
 `` good night , sabrina . '' 
 `` good night . '' 
 he reached around her trembling body to push open the door she still rested against for support , and sabrina half-expected him to follow her inside despite his earlier words , but the door clicked shut . 
 she sagged against it and closed her eyes as she remembered his gentle touch , his lips burning against hers . 
 `` lock up , '' he said through the door . 
 she jerked guiltily , almost scared he could read her thoughts , and did as he asked . 
 his car engine revved to life , and she listened as he sped away . 
 she stumbled to the couch and collapsed into the cushions before she pressed shaking fingers to her lips . 
 she longed to feel his lips against hers again . 
 preferably , right now . 
 ugh , she had to get control of herself , or she 'd be like one of those crazy people planning their wedding after the first date . 
 though she had always wanted a june wedding ... she thrust away visions of herself walking down the aisle in a stunning , strapless white gown and forced a deep , calming breath . 
 she did n't want to scare him away by being overly excited , or too clingy . 
 she needed him too badly . 
 *** isaac 's hands gripped the wheel so tight he wondered if he might snap it in half . 
 when the cool leather wheel started to bend under the pressure , he forced himself to loosen his hold . 
 leaving sabrina had n't been as easy as he might have hoped . 
 but he had a job to do . 
 a job that , unfortunately , required he 'd leave her . 
 he should n't have kissed her goodbye , he acknowledged grudgingly . 
 his control hung by a mere thread , ready to snap at a moment 's notice . 
 her soft lips under his had almost done him in , and still haunted him . 
 cursing loudly , he slammed his foot on the brake . 
 while fantasizing , he had almost run through the red light shining above . 
 bloody hell , he hated cars . 
 he could n't exactly blame the car , but he did despise them . 
 no , it was his fault , and his alone . 
 he needed to stop obsessing and start paying attention . 
 too many mistakes had already been made . 
 he 'd set the plan in motion , and he would stick to it , by god . 
 this time , he would win . 
 arriving at his destination , he shut off the engine and sighed in relief as he exited the sports car he called his . 
 he set off toward the forest and forced himself to concentrate on the matter at hand . 
 someone lurked in the woods . 
 *** `` sabrina , sabrina , what should i do with you ? 
 how will i keep you safe , my love ? '' 
 he caressed her chin in feather-light strokes , and her heartbeat quickened as she trembled at his soft touch . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean . 
 i 'm safe . 
 i 'm with you . '' 
 `` yes , of course , sabrina . 
 but you have to trust me and come with me . '' 
 he smiled at her and held her gaze , and she caught her breath . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` trust me , '' he whispered . 
 `` let me in . '' 
 `` let you in ? 
 we 're in the middle of a forest . '' 
 she made a sweeping gesture with her hand . 
 `` we 'll go to your house , and you can let me in . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he held his hand out , and she studied it before putting her hand in his . 
 he seemed to be in a good mood tonight , at least . 
 something that must have been triumph entered his eyes , and he swept her into his arms . 
 knowing what came next , she closed her eyes and grabbed his neck . 
 when he twisted her in his arms so she stood behind his back , instead of running as she 'd expected , she looked around in confusion . 
 she had n't even seen him move her . 
 she yelped at the unexpected action and clutched his shirt in fear . 
 isaac shoved her to the forest ground to hunker down in front her . 
 a feral snarl broke the silence of the night , and she sought out the beast that made the terrifying sound . 
 she blanched when she realized no beast made the noise-isaac had . 
 isaac ? 
 no , that could n't be right ... in front of them , a dark form landed in a crouch , causing isaac to growl louder . 
 she stumbled away when the shadow straightened , and she saw isaac . 
 no , it could n't be isaac . 
 isaac stood right in front of her . 
 yet he looked identical to the man she gripped in fear . 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` stay away from her , '' growled the new isaac . 
 `` i will not . '' 
 `` she is mine . 
 i will fight you for her . '' 
 `` go ahead and try , baby brother . '' 
 brother ? 
 well , at least it explained the resemblance-but it still freaked her out . 
 even for a dream . 
 hoping they were distracted arguing , she crept backward . 
 her legs shook as she stealthily separated herself from the scene in front of her . 
 though she knew she dreamed , the fear coursing through her felt very , very real . 
 every instinct in her screamed to get away . 
 now . 
 `` sabrina ! '' 
 she groaned at the shout and broke into a full run . 
 she did n't need to worry about being quiet anymore-but she needed to run as fast as her little legs could manage . 
 stinking short legs . 
 she glanced over her shoulder nervously and caught a glimpse of the fighting brothers . 
 not daring to watch , she turned back to her flight , only to tumble to the ground . 
 her foot had gotten stuck in a grasping root , and it twisted painfully from her fall . 
 her hands burned where rocks had scraped into the tender skin , and her ankle throbbed . 
 when her stubby legs were n't slowing her down , her damn clumsiness did the trick . 
 knowing she could n't waste time nursing her wounds , she yanked , pulled , and cursed at her foot , but could not get loose . 
 come on ... could n't she catch a break ? 
 a thud sounded beside her , and isaac reached for her foot . 
 she screamed and pulled free , falling backward from the power . 
 isaac hovered over her , his face bathed in concern , and she shoved him away using all her force . 
 his widening eyes and mouth falling open comically as he tumbled flat on his back were the last things she saw . 
 she jumped to her feet and ran away from him as fast as her short , annoyingly clumsy legs could take her , and did n't look back . 
 *** sabrina sat upright in her bed , panting for breath . 
 a glance at the clock told her it was a few minutes past one . 
 her body still trembled from the adrenalin rush she 'd experienced in her sleep , and her legs ached from her desperate escape earlier . 
 wait , why did her legs hurt ? 
 it 's not like she 'd actually been running . 
 it had been a dream . 
 she brushed her hair out of her face in confusion and flinched at the stinging pain in her palms . 
 her hands shook as she reached for the light beside her bed . 
 the first try , her hand slipped off the switch , the second she knocked over the cup next to her bed , the third she plain old missed , and the fourth , she finally succeeded in turning on the stupid light . 
 she blinked rapidly as she waited for her eyes to adjust to the blinding light . 
 once she could see again , she raised her hands in front of her face with dawning dread . 
 blood and dirt streaked her palms . 
 she bolted out of bed and screeched when she noticed the dirt and leaves scattered across the sheets . 
 she clutched the edge of the bed for support as dark spots swam before her vision . 
 dismayed , she realized that for the first time in her life , she was going to faint . 
 chapter four sabrina noticed three things upon awakening . 
 first , she was n't on the floor . 
 second , morning had come . 
 and last , she did n't have dirt all over her any longer . 
 her hair seemed damp to the touch , yet she could n't remember having showered . 
 she hopped out of bed and ripped the covers back . 
 spotless . 
 a glance at her hands revealed they were a little red , though they no longer stung or had blood on them . 
 she sank onto the edge of the bed and dangled her feet . 
 what exactly had happened last night ? 
 had she dreamed she had woken up , when in reality she had still been sleeping ? 
 it had happened before , many times . 
 she was a writer , for god 's sake . 
 overactive imagination kind of came with the trade . 
 but why were her hands sore ? 
 and why could n't she remember showering ? 
 it sounded feasible she had been distracted yesterday by thoughts of isaac and walked around in a daze , preparing for bed and not paying attention . 
 it made much more sense than believing she dreamt about being in the forest while two isaacs fought over her , only to awaken dirty and hurt . 
 now that would be impractical . 
 *** frustration coursed through isaac 's tense muscles as he thought of sabrina . 
 he 'd had his second-in-command , connor , watching sabrina , and discovered his fears had come true . 
 his bloody brother came to her in her dreams . 
 isaac had been dream-stealing-so to speak-and he 'd seen elijah come to her . 
 he 'd managed to scare elijah away while not being seen all the other dreams , until tonight . 
 tonight , he 'd lost his cool . 
 it only made sense when , upon first seeing her in the tavern , she 'd look at him as if she 'd seen a ghost . 
 no one looked at someone in something akin to horror and excitement unless they had a damn good reason to do so . 
 he knew why he gaped at her , of course , but she had no excuse . 
 he wondered how long his brother had been appearing to her , and if she thought elijah was actually isaac , appearing to her in her sleep . 
 that left just one question running through his mind : could any of that be used to his advantage , rather than his disadvantage ? 
 he wished he could hear what she had going through her head this morning , and that he kept her company in her bed so he could question her . 
 tactfully , of course , so she would n't run away , screaming for help . 
 he knew with a certainty he could n't explain , or describe , as he sat thinking of her , she surely attempted to make sense of her `` dreams . '' 
 she 'd probably insist to herself they were just dreams-nothing more . 
 she probably sat in her normal little world , analyzing her normal little life , and tried to make all the latest occurrences fit into a pretty little box . 
 unfortunately , in his world , and now hers , it would n't be bloody possible . 
 *** damn it , elijah really hated isaac sometimes . 
 he 'd been the one to find sabrina first ... not isaac . 
 he 'd been the one courting her since she first came to england ... not isaac . 
 and yet , once again , his brother swooped in to win the girl . 
 it enraged him . 
 he had , of course , known that isaac contacted sabrina . 
 though isaac might hate him passionately , elijah did n't despise isaac . 
 well ... not most of the time . 
 sabrina , as expected , was falling for isaac . 
 and now he 'd gotten stuck coming to her in her dreams , because isaac would never leave the blasted place unguarded . 
 if only she would let him inside , he could get closer to her . 
 instead , his brother once more stole his place by her side . 
 somehow , isaac had discovered of his plan to meet sabrina during the day at the ridiculous tavern she seemed to love , and appeared in his place . 
 and in one simple step , he snatched away any chances of gaining entry to sabrina 's life . 
 and house . 
 he 'd tried to go about `` wooing '' her slowly . 
 cautiously . 
 but when had that ever worked well for him ? 
 after all , his style of seduction-and warfare , for that matter-tended to be more of a `` shoot now , take no prisoners alive '' type of style . 
 the time had come to start acting like it . 
 he would make her love him , not his brother . 
 he 'd make her realize he , not the real-world isaac , had to be the one she needed . 
 his twin was n't right for her , and never had been . 
 isaac could n't love her like he could . 
 he remained far too strict in his ways . 
 he 'd never be able to let go of his so-called `` duties '' to be able to spend a lifetime with her . 
 only elijah could give her life . 
 his little brother would only sit by to watch her die . 
 they 'd been down this road before , the three of them . 
 she might not remember it , but he and isaac did . 
 this time , it would end differently , much differently . 
 they were destined to be together , written in the stars . 
 he needed only to prove it to sabrina . 
 *** sabrina busied herself writing throughout the next day . 
 as the pages piled up , she came to the conclusion that nightmares , and no sleep , were great for creativity . 
 for once , she was ahead of schedule-and liking it . 
 the ringing of the phone broke the silence , causing her to yelp . 
 holding a trembling hand to her heart , she answered breathlessly . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hello , sabrina . 
 did you sleep well last night ? '' 
 isaac asked . 
 fighting the unease his words stirred , she forced a cheerful tone . 
 `` like a baby . 
 it was a great night . '' 
 the hollowness in her voice made her cringe and clear her throat . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` well , it was a late night . 
 i had a few , well , problems to see to . 
 i 'm sure you know how that can be . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` but , tired or not , i 'm all ready for the rain check you promised me . 
 you 've been on my mind quite a bit . 
 i had a wonderful time . '' 
 `` i did , too , very much . '' 
 she relaxed against the chair and rubbed her forehead . 
 `` what time would you like to come over ? '' 
 `` how 's eight sound ? 
 i do n't have any other commitments tonight , so we can indulge in some coffee like you mentioned before . 
 it might help me stay awake so i do n't end up snoring next to you halfway through the movie . '' 
 his light chuckle brought forth a resounding giggle from her as she pictured him drooling beside her on the couch . 
 did he drool ? 
 `` well , you could always bring your fuzzy bunny slippers , just in case . '' 
 she laughed , cringing as she realized it sounded as if she asked him to spend the night . 
 desperate much ? 
 `` oh , i wish i could take your words as an invitation to stay the night . 
 but , if i know you as i think i do , you 're biting your tongue right now . '' 
 she winced and asked with no small amount of suspicion , `` hey , where 's your spy camera ? '' 
 `` a man ca n't give away all his secrets on the first date , lass . '' 
 `` but , it 's our second date , '' she pointed out . 
 `` ach , well , maybe i 'll show you my secret hiding spots . '' 
 `` is n't ` ach ' a scottish thing ? 
 not british ? '' 
 silence met her ears through the phone , and she pursed her lips . 
 interesting . 
 he laughed . 
 `` why , yes , yes it is . 
 but , it 's always been a favorite phrase of mine . 
 must be more scottish than i thought , or admitted to . '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` okay , then . 
 never thought to hear those words from a brit . '' 
 `` i 'm not a normal brit , '' he joked . 
 `` why does n't that surprise me ? '' 
 `` well , shall we continue this conversation later ? '' 
 `` i look forward to it . 
 i 'll go buy some black spray paint so i can go around and cover all the cameras . '' 
 isaac chuckled . 
 `` i 'm going to scare you away before i even get inside , '' he bemoaned . 
 `` i do n't scare easy . '' 
 `` yeah , i kind of gathered as much about you . '' 
 his voice grew serious , making her sober instantly . 
 the joking mirth seemed to have left his tone . 
 she could n't shake the feeling he was trying to tell her something she did n't want to hear . 
 she got enough weird things in her sleep , damn it , could n't her life be a little bit normal in the daytime ? 
 please ? 
 fighting the apprehension creeping up on her , she gave an uneasy giggle . 
 `` well , eight it is . 
 coffee a must . 
 fuzzy slippers optional . '' 
 `` right . 
 see you then , sabrina . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 she hung up the phone and bit her lip . 
 had she imagined the serious undertones in his voice , like she 'd imagined everything else lately ? 
 or was he trying to tell her something , something even she could n't conjure up ? 
 no , she sounded like an idiot . 
 his asking about her night had nothing to do with her dreams . 
 he simply made small talk . 
 she rolled her eyes and shut the computer down for the day . 
 now she 'd never be able to concentrate on her book . 
 she could n't wait for tonight . 
 *** a few hours later , she glanced at the clock as a knock sounded at the door , and sabrina saw isaac was on time once again . 
 she opened the door and studied him hungrily , though she tried to tamp the feelings down . 
 he may have mentioned being exhausted on the phone , but he looked amazing in person . 
 no bags were visible under his bright blue eyes , and he stole her breath away with his raw masculinity . 
 a dvd and a bottle of wine occupied his hands , and she smiled in pleasure . 
 lust caused her stomach to twist when his gaze darkened with desire . 
 `` i figured i could help contribute to the evening 's festivities . '' 
 he held out the dvd , the latest harry potter movie , and she procured it as he locked the door . 
 his eyes met hers , and her pulse raced at his expression . 
 `` wow , you look gorgeous . 
 you 'll have to forgive me , but i just ca n't help myself . '' 
 he grabbed her by the nape of her neck and yanked her toward him to conquer her lips . 
 passion overwhelmed her at his arduous kiss . 
 he gave no quarter and took all she could give . 
 her hands clung to his shirt as his tongue moved against hers like liquid fire . 
 he deepened the kiss , and she melded her body to his . 
 her heart raced , and she pressed against him urgently . 
 she needed him ; she needed more . 
 she needed ... everything . 
 his fingers skimmed up her back before diving into her hair . 
 she moaned when he tugged gently , exposing her neck to his tender onslaught . 
 he trailed hot kisses down her throat and just when she suspected she might to die from the pleasure , he jerked away abruptly . 
 he sighed and kissed her nose . 
 thunder boomed in the distance , causing her to jump in surprise . 
 where had the storm come from ? 
 the sky had been crystal clear moments before . 
 still wrapped in his arms , she stared at him as he examined every inch of her face , almost as if memorizing every last detail . 
 desire blazed in his eyes . 
 an answering need burned in her , and she moved restlessly . 
 why had he stopped ? 
 she had n't objected to his embrace . 
 it 's the second date , you slut . 
 have some control . 
 `` i would n't have thought it possible you could grow more beautiful . 
 somehow , you 've managed to accomplish the impossible . '' 
 his voice was husky , and it showed her more than words ever could . 
 longing still burned through him ... as well as the need to have her . 
 touch her . 
 it was a heady thought . 
 `` funny , you just took those words out of my mouth , '' she replied . 
 he cocked his head to the side and grinned . 
 `` is that what i just did ? '' 
 she laughed at his joke , and he chuckled in return . 
 `` i love to hear your laugh , sabrina . 
 it is the most beautiful sound in the world . '' 
 she blushed and changed the subject . 
 `` so , would you like to come into the kitchen and open the bottle of wine up ? '' 
 she stepped out of his arms and fought down the wave of emptiness hitting her . 
 the dvd he 'd handed to her lay on the ground , and she stooped to pick it up . 
 `` good thing you did n't give me the wine , '' she joked . 
 looking at him from under her eyelashes , she jutted her hip out suggestively and crooked a finger at him before heading into the kitchen . 
 surely he 'd follow her playful invitation . 
 when she did n't hear him behind her , she whirled to retrieve him . 
 sometimes men were so dense ... instead , she yelped to discover him behind her . 
 clasping a hand to her chest , she exclaimed , `` you scared me . 
 how did you move so quietly ? 
 i did n't even hear you walking behind me . '' 
 he shifted on his feet and gave an odd twist of his lips . 
 `` sorry , i 've always been light on my feet . 
 i used to scare my mother all the time by sneaking up on her . 
 even as a little child , she would tell me i could sneak into the kitchen , steal a whole jar of cookies , and she 'd never even know it . '' 
 he smiled at her , and an answering smile lit her face at the thought of isaac as a boy . 
 he must have been absolutely adorable and irresistible . 
 just as he is now . 
 `` well , i 'll have to get used to it , i guess . '' 
 `` please , do , '' he murmured . 
 she retrieved two wine glasses as he opened the wine . 
 they worked together in a companionable silence . 
 she led him to the living room to watch harry potter . 
 she loved this series . 
 how did he seem to know the right things to get her ? 
 he 'd even gotten her favorite wine . 
 he was a genius . 
 one could only hope he had as much talent in bed as he did out of it . 
 cradled in the crook of his arm , they started the movie while sipping their wine . 
 `` i like that , '' he murmured in her ear . 
 `` like what ? 
 the car ? '' 
 she gestured toward the tv and looked at him . 
 `` no , i hate cars . 
 i love hearing you say you have to get used to my oddities . 
 it speaks of ... a possible future . 
 though , now you 'll probably run away from me . 
 men are n't supposed to worry about the future , are they ? 
 or plan further than when to get their next drink . '' 
 he shrugged his left shoulder . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just slipped out . 
 you make it hard for me to think straight at times . '' 
 she wracked her mind to recall what he spoke of and remembered her words in the kitchen . 
 pleasure filled her when she realized he was still thinking about their conversation-and possibly their earlier embrace , as well . 
 `` well , maybe men are n't supposed to , but i like that you are . 
 and i like that you 're different , '' she assured him . 
 `` actually , i like you . '' 
 `` i like you , too , '' he whispered . 
 he kissed her nose and pressed downward to capture her lips . 
 they both moaned in unison at the instantaneous flame of desire and strained to get closer to one another . 
 but suddenly , isaac tensed and jumped to his feet . 
 she was left to flop to the couch in the empty spot he had occupied seconds before . 
 how in the heck did he move so fast ? 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked in alarm . 
 every instinct poised for some unseen fight to be had . 
 `` i heard a noise ... i think there 's something outside . 
 give me a second , please . '' 
 racing to the door with inhuman speed , he spun back to her as a fierce determination took over his features . 
 `` lock the door behind me . 
 no matter what you do , do n't open it until i come back and say it 's me , and i want to watch harry potter . 
 got it ? '' 
 he growled at her . 
 `` um ... yes ... got it ... '' she stuttered . 
 she sprinted to the door and obeyed his command . 
 what the hell had just happened ? 
 an inhuman , and non-animalistic , snarl broke through the silence of the house , echoing loudly in her ears . 
 she blanched at the somehow familiar sound . 
 where had she heard it before ? 
 good god , it sounded just like in her dreams . 
 she jumped back in alarm and began searching for a weapon . 
 she had to help isaac . 
 no matter how much it sounded like her dream , it was real , and in real life , growls like those were generally caused by large animals looking for meals . 
 she grabbed the biggest butcher knife she had and sped back to the door . 
 she threw it open and crashed , then bounced off of isaac 's hard chest . 
 his arm , which had been raised to knock , shot behind her to steady her , and she hastily checked her knife hand . 
 thank god , she had n't stabbed the poor guy . 
 relief swelled over her at seeing him whole and uninjured . 
 but relief was overcome by confusion at his fuming glare . 
 he let go of her and closed the door . 
 `` you did n't listen to me , '' he snapped . 
 `` i told you not to open the door until i said , ` sabrina , it 's isaac , i 'm ready to watch harry potter ' . 
 instead , you grab a knife and try to kill me ? '' 
 he rubbed his jaw and paced in short , irritated strides . 
 an answering anger rose in her , and she responded , `` i was trying to help , you ass . 
 if i wanted to stab you , i can assure you , you would n't be standing here arguing now . '' 
 they glowered at each other in silence until he sighed and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i guess i got carried away . 
 i should n't have yelled . 
 forgive me ? '' 
 he smiled crookedly , and her irritation dissolved a bit . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too . 
 i should have been more careful . 
 you 're right . 
 but once i saw you , i relaxed . 
 i knew i would be safe with you . 
 unless you have a twin running around ? '' 
 she did n't know what had made her say those words , but she instantly regretted it . 
 reality and fiction were getting blurred together , and she did n't like it . 
 her heart dropped when his smile melted away , to be replaced by the face of a cold , hard stranger . 
 `` yes , actually , i do . 
 my brother we spoke about is my twin . 
 we no longer talk . 
 he 's a dangerous person . 
 reckless . 
 as of now , i do n't even know where he lives , '' he snapped . 
 this man , standing before her , resembled the man in her dreams . 
 his eyes glittered , and a hard mask came over his face as he glowered at her . 
 she shuddered at his expression . 
 he seemed so ... unforgiving . 
 his words suddenly clicked in her head , and a whoosh of air left her lungs , and none returned . 
 he had a twin , an identical twin . 
 blackness swam in front of her eyes , and she reached a hand out to the wall to steady herself . 
 air . 
 air is important . 
 she took a deep breath and focused on isaac once more . 
 he leaned in toward her , his face no longer icy and cold . 
 instead , concern clouded over his eyes , and he fumbled for her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she did n't think she could put two syllables together right now , let alone a whole sentence . 
 this changed everything . 
 this brought her dreams into day-and it blurred every line she had drawn . 
 `` sabrina , please . 
 talk to me , tell me what 's wrong , '' he pleaded in her ear . 
 `` i 'm ... i 'm okay , '' she stammered . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i think all the ... excitement got to me . '' 
 she finished on a whisper . 
 she did her best to look suitably weak and probably failed miserably . 
 weak damsels in distress were n't her style . 
 how exactly did one feign feebleness anyway ? 
 maybe she should have fanned herself with feminine flourish as they did in movies so well ? 
 eh , probably not . 
 he already studied her far too close . 
 as if he yearned to say something to her-demand something of her-but held back . 
 though his reasons for doing so were unknown , she remained grateful he did . 
 what a mess her life was rapidly becoming . 
 as if her dreams were n't odd enough , now she came to find out he indeed had a twin brother . 
 one he hated ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm okay . 
 and , i 'm sorry about your brother . 
 that must be ... uh ... well ... tough , '' she stuttered . 
 man , she sounded like a veritable font of eloquence tonight . 
 the cold mask returned , and she took a step away from him . 
 `` i know you 're dying to know what happened , so i 'll tell you . 
 there was a woman . 
 amelia . 
 she was everything good in the world . 
 beautiful , kind , charming . 
 we were in love , and due to be married . 
 elijah , my brother , had been promised to another woman , but he loved my amelia . 
 there were some problems , and amelia ... died . '' 
 his voice faded away on the last word . 
 it appeared obvious to her from the tightened fists at his side and the hard set of his mouth as he pressed his lips together , the hurt plagued him still . 
 `` oh , my god , i 'm so sorry . 
 how horrible . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` yes , well , it happened a long time ago . 
 time moves on , people heal . 
 but i have no interest in speaking to him , or even knowing where he is . 
 the whole situation was his fault . 
 if he had n't - '' he bit his lip and looked away . 
 she wondered what he had been about to say . 
 the cold mask he seemed to put over his face when he no longer wished to speak on a subject came back , though , so she dared not ask . 
 `` well , now that i 've ruined the evening , maybe we should call it a night , hmm ? '' 
 `` you could stay here . 
 on the couch , i mean . 
 if you want . 
 i 'm kinda freaked out , '' she said . 
 he stared at her , and she shifted on her feet at his scrutiny . 
 maybe it had been a mistake to invite him to stay . 
 something was going on here , something bizarre . 
 and he was smack dab in the middle of it . 
 and yet , she 'd invited him to spend the night ? 
 a loud bang sounded outside the window , and she jerked at the noise . 
 she raised her hand still gripping the knife and started toward the window in determination . 
 she 'd had enough of this shit , already . 
 isaac stretched out to stop her and chuckled . 
 `` sheath the knife . 
 it 's just the wind . 
 it must have kicked up some debris . '' 
 he reached forward prudently to extract it from her rigid grip . 
 over his shoulder , she saw a shadow move in the darkness . 
 `` i just saw someone out there . 
 whoever you chased away is back ! 
 i 'm calling the cops . '' 
 she whirled on her heel and grabbed the knife back from him in one smooth gesture . 
 she sprinted to the kitchen , knife in hand . 
 `` first of all , let 's take this before someone gets hurt . '' 
 he snatched the weapon back from her once more . 
 `` hey , '' she protested . 
 she held her hand out with an impatient wave , and put the other on her hip . 
 `` give me back my knife . '' 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 he ignored her furious intake of breath . 
 `` second , please put down the phone . 
 there 's no one out there anymore , '' he declared . 
 `` but , i saw - '' his finger pressed against her lips silenced her . 
 `` trust me , okay ? 
 you 're safe tonight . 
 i 'll spend the night here , on the couch , if it will make you feel better . 
 i 'll hear if someone comes . 
 it 's almost a sixth sense of mine . '' 
 he grinned and pulled her into his arms and kissed her nose before he buried his face in her hair and inhaled . 
 `` you smell so delicious . '' 
 he breathed into her ear . 
 oh please , if he thought she was easily distracted , he had another think coming . 
 `` nice try , but i still say we should call the - '' `` and you taste even better . '' 
 he groaned as he nibbled on her ear . 
 her head fell back against his arm , and he kissed a path across her neck and to her lips . 
 his lips latched onto hers with a desperation that called to her very soul . 
 right here , right now ; he needed her . 
 and , god , she needed him . 
 he leaned her against the wall , and his hands roamed from her hair , down her back , to cup her bu ** ocks before he pressed against her and moaned deep in his throat . 
 she rubbed against him , and she heard his swift intake of breath before he pulled away . 
 his eyes burned in need , and it took all her willpower not to yank him back into her arms . 
 `` it 's been a long evening . 
 perhaps we should say goodnight . '' 
 he looked obviously reluctant to let go of her . 
 his hands and lips hovered over her for another few seconds as he seemed to fight an inward battle . 
 lightning flashed beside him , silhouetting half of his face in absolute perfection , and leaving the other half in shadows . 
 the desire burning inside him appeared painfully obvious to her eyes . 
 but , he spoke true . 
 damn it , she knew he was right . 
 she 'd never climb into bed with a guy she 'd met two days ago . 
 but ... this guy felt so perfect . 
 numerous times , she 'd written about people being so caught up in passion that nothing else mattered to them-not their families , their jobs , even their lives . 
 it had always been fiction for her , up until today . 
 now , she knew it existed . 
 and she had to be grateful to him for being such a gentleman to realize she did n't remain sensible in his arms , to realize her weaknesses and manage not to take advantage of it . 
 and , damn it , it made her want him even more . 
 `` but what about the noises outside ? '' 
 she insisted . 
 though he 'd distracted her , she had n't forgotten . 
 he groaned and rubbed his temples . 
 `` i swear there 's nothing out there anymore . 
 i know it sounds weird , but you just have to trust me , okay ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 i 'll just believe that simply because you say so ? '' 
 `` yes , it would be spectacular . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yeah , not gon na happen . '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` besides , if there is n't anything out there , there 's no harm in me looking , right ? '' 
 he sighed , grabbed her hand , and pulled her to the door . 
 she followed him until he opened the door . 
 skidding her feet against the floor , she called out , `` wait ! '' 
 she ran to the table , grabbed the knife , and nodded to show her readiness . 
 she ignored the slow shaking of his head and the look he threw upward , as if praying for assistance from above , and glared at him . 
 they walked outside , and she stepped closer to him as she sought out any signs of danger . 
 nothing lurked in the bushes , or in the forest beyond the house . 
 nothing hovered in shadows , or rushed toward them at their entrance outside . 
 she hesitated on the stoop , unsure of her next step . 
 nothing moved ; no huge beast loomed over her . 
 `` satisfied ? 
 or do you want to walk around the back , too ? '' 
 he questioned in her ear . 
 she turned to him and studied his face . 
 no signs of anger or sarcasm . 
 `` i 'm satisfied now , i guess . 
 still want to sleep on my couch ? '' 
 `` if you still want me to , '' he answered as they walked inside . 
 she nodded and climbed the stairs . 
 she returned carrying pillows and a blanket to find him sitting on the couch . 
 his shoes were placed side by side in front of it , and he 'd unbuttoned his shirt . 
 his chest taunted her to touch it , to sink her fingers into the coarse hair dusted there . 
 to feel the hard muscles flexing beneath . 
 she wanted to trail her fingers down his abs , to caress his ... she tore her gaze from where it currently rested , at his belt . 
 afraid to be caught gawking at him like a pervert , she blurted out , `` thank you , isaac . 
 you must think i 'm a complete idiot . '' 
 `` on the contrary , i find you brave , beautiful , caring - '' she laughed and rolled her eyes , and he seemed to sense her discomfort at the compliments , for he broke off and smiled ruefully . 
 he grabbed her hand and kissed her knuckles . 
 `` good night . '' 
 `` good night , '' she whispered . 
 she cast one last longing look in his direction and climbed the stairs to her empty bed . 
 being good sucks . 
 *** god , he 'd been a complete fool . 
 how had he not sensed isaac inside ? 
 now isaac knew he 'd tried to get in during the day , and he 'd guard her house even more . 
 he had botched his chance to get inside without fight . 
 blasted fool . 
 he 'd just wanted to see her . 
 he often came here when she was home , enjoying her beauty . 
 granted , this time he had n't been planning on just looking . 
 he 'd been planning to pretend to be isaac . 
 low ? 
 hell , yes . 
 but , damn , he heard the desperate clicking of the clock in his head , taunting him with his inadequateness . 
 he had n't even sensed isaac . 
 he could n't afford such a colossal mistake again . 
 fleeing in surprise had been a mistake as well . 
 he did n't fear isaac . 
 please , isaac had never been able keep up to him , even as a child . 
 and besides , he had every right to see sabrina . 
 as much , if not more , than isaac . 
 amelia had picked him . 
 in the meadow long ago , he remembered her choice ... the sun had warmed his face as the gentle breeze kept him from baking alive over a roaring fire . 
 it had seemed like a perfect day to spend outside with his love . 
 and since isaac had left on their father 's business , he had leave to do so . 
 he did n't have to seek her out . 
 he knew she knelt by the stream , a bouquet of flowers clutched in her hand . 
 it had been easy to convince her to join him , since she loved being outdoors on days like these . 
 hell , so did he . 
 especially when she sat by his side . 
 her soft curls escaped her coiffure to blow in the breeze as she headed toward him , and he returned her bright smile . 
 her cap-sleeved lilac dress spoke of the latest fashions , and the bonnet she wore to protect her milky skin matched it to perfection . 
 he 'd never tire of seeing her perfect face . 
 sometimes , he wished he 'd never fallen in love with her . 
 indeed , she loved his brother . 
 he knew it . 
 but sometimes , just sometimes , he swore he saw something more . 
 a brief glimpse in her eyes maybe . 
 or maybe he just imagined it . 
 god knows he was desperate enough to wish it were so . 
 he pushed his thoughts aside and sighed . 
 even if she did somehow love him in return , she 'd been promised to isaac . 
 and he , well he 'd been betrothed to the rich lady louisa harding . 
 it had been arranged for years , before even isaac and amelia . 
 it was his duty , damn it . 
 he 'd been named the heir , and so he had to marry whom his father wished . 
 louisa appeared beautiful , with long , flowing red hair , gorgeous eyes , and a flawless body to match . 
 she spoke of perfection in every way . 
 except for one small , tiny problem . 
 she was n't amelia . 
 amelia sat next to him and laid her head on his shoulder . 
 he rested his cheek on her hair and inhaled her lavender-and-sunshine scent so hungrily it gnawed at him like a monster . 
 `` oh , my lord , is n't it just gloriously wonderful out ? '' 
 `` yes , my lady , it is . 
 you make it even more so . 
 were i to be in the company of any other , it would be dull and dreary , to be sure . '' 
 he teased , but the truth in his words rang in the air . 
 they always did . 
 pathetic . 
 she laughed and looked into his eyes . 
 it must have been something about the way she observed him , the way her eyes sparkled . 
 he had no idea what caused it , but he snapped . 
 the hold on his control broke , and he moaned in pure agony . 
 when she reached a trembling hand out and cupped his cheek , he stopped fighting it . 
 `` elijah ... '' she said so quietly he might have imagined it . 
 she made the slightest of movements toward him , and elijah thought of all the reasons why he should n't - could n't - kiss her . 
 nonetheless , he let out a sharp cry and yanked her into his arms . 
 maybe just one time , he could taste heaven . 
 no harm , no foul . 
 correct ? 
 urgently , he crushed his lips against hers , and her arms wrapped around him . 
 his fingers trailed over her back to bury his hands in her hair . 
 her soft moan made his desire rise to a frenzy , and he positioned her on the ground , before moving his body to cover hers . 
 cradled against the heat of her core , he surged against her readily . 
 at the startling need coursing over him , he pulled back hesitantly . 
 he met her gaze and drew in a deep breath at the love and desire burning in hers . 
 he 'd waited so long to see that exact expression cross her eyes , and now she was his . 
 by god , once would never , ever , be enough . 
 but he no longer gave a damn . 
 crushing his lips to hers once more , he vowed to make her his . 
 elijah pulled himself out of his memories and into the present . 
 he could recall with perfect clarity how sweet her lips tasted , how soft her body had been curled into his . 
 and , damn it , it had felt the same with sabrina . 
 for years he 'd been tormented by his small glimpse of heaven , before hell had descended . 
 and hell he had been in for too long to count . 
 deep down , he 'd always hoped she would somehow return and pull him out of the darkness consuming him . 
 and here she stood , by isaac 's side once more . 
 he kicked a tree , watching in satisfaction as it cracked beneath the force . 
 through her window , he spotted her sleeping form . 
 her brow furrowed , as it always did when something troubled her . 
 he knew he 'd caused her stress , and he could fix it . 
 it would not be as simple as before , due to the guards , but he could do it . 
 he needed to see her . 
 now . 
 *** the wind whipped her hair into her face , obscuring her vision . 
 she did n't feel afraid , merely irritated she could n't see . 
 she sensed him lurking somewhere nearby in the purple moonlight . 
 she could sense him by her side just before he gripped her arm in an urgent manner . 
 `` sabrina , please . 
 we must talk . '' 
 returning his stare , she knew with certainty who stood before her . 
 the pieces fit together with a clarity as undeniable as it was unbelievable . 
 `` elijah ? '' 
 he paled , staring at her in shock . 
 `` yes , how did you - ? '' 
 `` isaac . 
 he told me about you . 
 i still have no idea how i 've been dreaming of you . 
 this all just seems to be out of a novel . 
 a story i would write . 
 it ca n't be real . 
 it is n't possible . '' 
 she shook her head , reeling from shock . 
 `` feel me . '' 
 he brought her hand to his face and kissed the inside of her wrist . 
 the combination of the smoothness of his cheek and the coolness of his lips caused her to shiver . 
 `` touch me . 
 do i feel real ? '' 
 he whispered roughly . 
 `` yes . 
 but this is a dream . '' 
 she ran her thumb over his soft lip and caught her breath . 
 `` i just had a weird sense of deja vu . 
 as if i 've done this before . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because you have . 
 i ca n't explain it right now . 
 you have to trust me . 
 i 'll be over tomorrow , once isaac leaves . 
 let me in , and i will tell you everything i can . 
 please ? '' 
 not giving her a chance to protest , he kissed her aggressively . 
 her body came to life , and she clung to his arms . 
 she 'd surely burst into flames , and he was her refreshing bucket of water . 
 lifting her weight into his arms , he pressed every inch of her body to his , in all the right places . 
 he fit her like a glove , a glove meant just for her . 
 a small voice whispered in her head , told her though he might look like isaac , but it was n't him . 
 this man who kissed her had killed isaac 's fiancee . 
 she betrayed isaac in the worst way possible . 
 she ripped herself free from her passion-filled daze , pulling away from his grasp to covered her mouth in dismay . 
 what had she done ? 
 `` sabrina , what 's - '' he stopped mid-sentence and growled as his eyes scanned the forest behind her . 
 sabrina recoiled and jumped out of his arms . 
 she knew what the sound meant . 
 danger skulked near . 
 she yelped when a woman landed in front of them . 
 her beauty made sabrina feel dowdy in comparison . 
 though certain she 'd never seen her before , she looked somehow familiar . 
 the hair rose on the back of her neck in recognition . 
 of fear , or of the woman , sabrina had no clue . 
 but this woman was bad news . 
 `` again , dear ? 
 you seem to be a bit dim-witted , do n't you ? '' 
 she taunted . 
 meeting sabrina 's wide eyes , the woman bared sharp , tiny teeth in a mockery of a smile . 
 elijah growled , seeming to read the woman 's intentions . 
 they leapt into action , colliding in mid-air . 
 the crash produced an ear-shattering bang , echoing through the night ten times louder than the boom of thunder on a dark , stormy night . 
 she covered her ears in pain and watched the pair in a mixture of horror and astonishment . 
 elijah ended up on top of the woman , but that did n't stop her from snapping her sharp teeth at him before flinging him through the air . 
 he connected with the same resounding boom , and sabrina , horrified , watched the tree crash to the ground , elijah under it . 
 he leapt to his feet . 
 he met her eyes , almost apologetically , and she wondered what he planned to do next . 
 she did n't wonder long , though . 
 for in a split second , he picked up the tree he had knocked down and threw it at the stranger , who was sprinting toward sabrina at the same speed elijah possessed . 
 sabrina stumbled backward , both at the gesture and from the advancing woman who glowered at her as hatred curled her lip and filled her eyes . 
 she did n't get far , because she was scooped into elijah 's arms as he sped away from the crazy woman . 
 elijah slid to a halt when a figure appeared before them . 
 sabrina screamed in terror and clung even tighter to his strong arms . 
 chapter five `` sabrina . 
 sabrina ! 
 wake up , please wake up now ! '' 
 isaac shook sabrina in panic , terrified he would n't be able to pull her out of her dream . 
 damn elijah and his sick hold on her . 
 he 'd taken sabrina from her own body , and now he very well might kill her . 
 removing humans from their bodies was never a good idea . 
 sometimes , unable to return , they were forever stuck in a dream-like state . 
 otherwise known as a coma . 
 a rarity , but still a risk he could not allow . 
 could n't he see the harm he caused her ? 
 the danger he put her in ? 
 elijah could never be with sabrina . 
 surely even he could see it ? 
 sabrina jerked in his arms , and he watched in horror as her eyes rolled to the back of her head . 
 shit . 
 he shook her and hoarsely called her name . 
 `` sabrina , please . 
 wake up ! 
 i need you to wake up . 
 please . '' 
 the last word came out as no more than whisper . 
 he froze when he saw her stare transfixed on him . 
 she gulped for air , her eyes wide and her face ghostly pale , as she struggled to breathe . 
 he sat her up in his arms and pounded her back in an attempt to help . 
 when her arms flew out to the side in shock , he realized he had maybe pounded a little too hard . 
 but ... she was breathing . 
 he could hear her gasping breath , see her shoulders heaving at the effort . 
 pulling her back into his arms , he hugged her to his chest . 
 dude , do n't suffocate her now that she 's breathing . 
 dumbass . 
 he forced himself to loosen his grip and whispered soft words into her hair . 
 he had no idea what he even said , but they seemed to help . 
 in no time at all , she lay limp in his arms , curled into his body . 
 where she damn well belonged , thank you . 
 `` isaac ? '' 
 she asked . 
 anger swelled over him when he realized she asked if he was elijah or isaac . 
 god , he hated his brother . 
 he should make it clear to her , right here and now , that her soul mate held her in his arms . 
 life by elijah 's side would never be possible . 
 but if he came on too strong , too fast , he might scare her away . 
 by now she had to know something unearthly surrounded her . 
 but she did n't know what . 
 and he suspected she could n't handle the truth tonight . 
 she 'd been through too much already . 
 hoping she would confide in him , he forced himself to take a calm breath before pasting a smile on his face . 
 he schooled his features into an easygoing appearance , determined to look as non-threatening as possible . 
 act clueless . 
 `` yes , who else ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow in question . 
 with bated breath , he awaited her answer . 
 maybe , just maybe she would trust him . 
 if she showed just a small sign of being ready , he would tell her all about his life . 
 and all about elijah-and why he posed such danger to her . 
 he was a vampire , for the love of god . 
 they tore pretty little girls like her apart-literally . 
 those hopes were dashed when she waved a dismissive hand in front of her face . 
 `` sorry , isaac . 
 i think my brain is a little confused . 
 i had a nightmare . 
 it 's all very humiliating . '' 
 she blushed , avoiding his eyes . 
 he knew why she would look away . 
 she lied through her teeth , but why the hell would she blush ? 
 `` um , just out of curiosity , how did you know i had a nightmare ? 
 i hope i did n't scream and wake you . '' 
 she bit her lip and studied her clenched hands , and he tensed as he realized she felt mortified to have been frightened . 
 embarrassed . 
 jesus , she should be bloody scared . 
 he smiled tensely and forced a chuckle as he fought the anger washing over him . 
 `` i 'd like to be a gentleman and say no . 
 but how would i explain my presence in your bedroom ? 
 voyeurism ? 
 sorry , lass , but yes , you screamed . 
 what did you dream about ? '' 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 a shadow chased me in the woods . 
 someone called my name , and i tried to escape them , but it kept getting closer . 
 then , you woke me up . 
 thanks for pulling me out of it . '' 
 he closed his eyes in an attempt to conceal the fury coursing over him . 
 one , two , three . 
 he sighed and opened his eyes to focus on her once more . 
 `` you must think i 'm such a wimp . 
 terrified of shadows . '' 
 `` on the contrary , i do n't think you are enough of a wimp , as you call it , '' he countered . 
 he held her gaze intently , silently pleading for her trust . 
 for her love . 
 her eyes widened , showing she saw all the emotion he wished her to see , and more . 
 she bit her lip , and he watched the movement curiously . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 feeling ? 
 damn it all , if he could n't get her to trust him , he 'd damn well make her need him . 
 he growled and pressed his lips to hers , offering the things he felt not aloud , but in action . 
 passion , love , need : they were all there . 
 and not just on his side . 
 no , it was just pure imagining on his part . 
 obviously , he loved her . 
 he 'd be an idiot to deny it . 
 he always had , and always would . 
 he 'd loved her since the first time he met her in the countryside by their houses , and he 'd loved her when he was still a human . 
 love like that did n't just go away . 
 but for her to love him so soon ? 
 when she did n't remember those moments ? 
 not bloody likely . 
 a loud bang of thunder shook the house , and she shrieked . 
 isaac pushed her away in frustration to glare out the window at the storm raging outside . 
 bloody storms . 
 already , the absence of her arms around him left him cold . 
 he wanted her to writhe against him , to hear her breathy moans fill his ears . 
 instead , he had , well , emptiness . 
 where there had been fire , there was now cool air . 
 he might as well have left . 
 out of the corner of his eye , he saw her reach out to him , her face showing her pain at his rejection . 
 yet she stopped halfway , her hand hovering in the air . 
 she chewed on her lower lip and laid back against the pillow , her scrutiny focused on his back . 
 he ignored her scrutiny and indecision . 
 he needed to get outside , before he made a fool of himself even more . 
 he rose to his feet and murmured a hasty good night , before striding from the room . 
 he hoped it looked more like an exit than a panicked retreat . 
 if he stayed even one more second , she 'd either be flat on her back , or he 'd be shaking her in frustration . 
 maybe both . 
 he headed outside in search of connor , the man he 'd assigned to protect sabrina . 
 apparently , he 'd failed . 
 it appeared elijah had grown stronger than isaac suspected . 
 connor normally kept unwanted guests away adeptly ; it was one of his talents . 
 his gifts , so to speak . 
 in this life , they all had gifts . 
 and there were the creatures like isaac . 
 the enforcers . 
 enforcers were capable of becoming any of the monsters in order to defeat them . 
 they used their powers for good-to save humans from the monsters roaming the world . 
 monsters like elijah . 
 damn it . 
 connor 's gift consisted of being able to block guests from trying to enter any property he protected with his mind . 
 and if they came in person , he handled them as well . 
 his record remained-or had been , anyway-undefeated . 
 no one could get around him ; he was infallible . 
 the key word being was . 
 isaac had a very powerful gift as well . 
 he could , in essence , control the weather . 
 a sunny day could turn into a turbulent tornado at the blink of an eye . 
 when he got too emotional , or out of control , the weather matched . 
 the first few years of this life had been quite disastrous . 
 many villages had been destroyed by his anger . 
 it took years for him to manage it , but he had gotten to the point where he could easily stay under control . 
 or he had been , until sabrina walked into his life a few weeks ago . 
 now , nothing felt under his control . 
 the ground shook from the force of the thunder overhead as he contemplated elijah 's growing power . 
 his brother 's gift had always been his speed and strength . 
 but ... now he disguised himself as well . 
 so he was not only up against an unarguably superior opponent in speed and strength , but also one immune to his defenses ? 
 shit , shit , shit . 
 kicking a tree , he stalked into the dark woods . 
 sabrina 's screams from her nightmare echoed in his head , no matter how far he walked . 
 come on , man . 
 `` connor ? 
 get over here . '' 
 his voice came out so soft a human would not hear it . 
 sensing connor 's presence , he swung to face him and scowled . 
 connor smiled sheepishly . 
 `` sorry about earlier . 
 i ran into the side of the house . 
 i thought i had more room , but obviously calculated wrong . 
 did she see me ? '' 
 `` yes , but it 's okay . 
 i took care of it . '' 
 he snapped as he waved his hands . 
 `` what i really want to know is how elijah managed to get to sabrina . 
 did n't you sense him ? 
 try to block him ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 isaac knew he sounded like an ass . 
 he did n't care . 
 `` wait , what ? 
 elijah has been nowhere near here , i 'm sure of it . 
 i would have known . '' 
 isaac watched as anger , disbelief , and finally shock crossed his friend 's face . 
 `` no . 
 no way he came here . 
 even now i ca n't sense his presence . 
 you 've got ta be wrong . 
 it 's not possible , '' he whispered . 
 it was as bad as he 'd feared . 
 connor could n't even sense elijah had been here , yet alone whether or not he remained here ? 
 the world would go to hell in a freaking hand basket . 
 lovely . 
 lightning and thunder crashed overhead . 
 *** the next day , sabrina yawned for the fifth time in one minute before giving up and heading into the kitchen . 
 time for another cup of coffee . 
 a damn storm had killed any chance she had of getting any sleep last night . 
 where the hell had it come from , anyway ? 
 as she inhaled the hazelnut aroma steaming from her mug , she contemplated her dilemma . 
 isaac had left this morning after an admonishment to be careful , which she knew translated to do not let elijah in . 
 a knock sounded at the door . 
 weird , she had n't been expecting anyone . 
 she grabbed the knife off the island , just in case , and went to open the door . 
 she gripped the doorknob and froze . 
 she did n't need to wonder who stood on the other side . 
 elijah . 
 she could sense him . 
 why could she sense elijah , without even seeing him , but isaac could walk up behind her and grab her , and she 'd be none the wiser ? 
 why would she sense his soul , his essence , calling to her from the other side of the door ? 
 and why did it feel like such a betrayal ? 
 oh , right . 
 because it was . 
 she should be attached to isaac , the man from her real life . 
 not the one that haunted her dreams . 
 yet , even knowing she should avoid him at all costs , some invisible pull led her to wrench the door open . 
 she studied him by the light of day for the first time . 
 though his eyes and features were identical to isaac 's to the casual observer , elijah was distinctly different . 
 his face seemed harder , more cynical . 
 like he had seen and done it all already-and life no longer held any fun for him . 
 his mouth also appeared to be set tighter than isaac 's , and his body held more tensely . 
 she wondered if he always looked so harsh . 
 so dangerous . 
 realizing she gaped at him , she burst out , `` why are you here ? '' 
 `` please , you 've let him talk to you . 
 why not give me a chance ? '' 
 `` because i do n't trust you , '' she stated flatly . 
 anger crossed his eyes . 
 he shifted his weight from one foot to the other and ran his fingers through his hair as he clenched his teeth . 
 `` sabrina , it 's not without danger that i have come to you . 
 for once , can you listen to me , and let me in ? '' 
 `` why ca n't we talk like this ? '' 
 she motioned her hand to show what she meant : him outside , and her safely inside . 
 `` i ca n't stay out here in plain sight . '' 
 she stared at him as she chewed on her lower lip . 
 he made sense . 
 if she listened to isaac and let him in her house ... why not elijah as well ? 
 what harm could it do to hear both sides of the story , so to speak ? 
 any intelligent woman would seek out both sides . 
 would n't they ? 
 damn right they would . 
 making up her mind , she nodded . 
 `` elijah , please , come inside . '' 
 he smiled at her , causing her to catch her breath in apprehension . 
 had she just made a horrible mistake ? 
 `` thank you for allowing me in your home , sabrina . 
 i promise you , i am not here to hurt you . 
 i would never want to hurt you . '' 
 his stare beseeched hers as he held her gaze and did not let go . 
 he leaned closer to her , and she softened . 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 walking into the living room , she knew he followed despite the fact that his footsteps were as quiet as his brother 's . 
 she started in surprise when she saw him sitting on the couch before she even neared it , however . 
 taking care to place the knife obviously in arm 's reach , she perched on the edge of the couch , resting her hands uneasily in her lap . 
 `` this is all very , um , new for me . 
 i 'm sure you understand my confusion . '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 i will try to tell you what is happening , but i 'm scared to tell you too much . 
 you might get frightened away . 
 some of it is not ... normal . '' 
 tilting his head to the side with a somber expression , his gaze bore into hers so intensely she flinched and looked away . 
 `` also , i am unaware of what isaac has already told you . '' 
 `` how about if i ask the questions , and you answer them ? 
 no lying , though , or i kick you out and never let you in again , '' she demanded . 
 she waited for his nod of agreement , crossing her arms across her chest . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he relaxed , an amused expression crossing his face . 
 as he grinned , she saw a dimple flash her way . 
 `` twenty-seven . '' 
 `` hmm ... and what year were you born ? 
 i 'm bad at math , '' she lied . 
 the amusement vanished and coldness took over his features again . 
 `` you really want to ask that one ? '' 
 he spoke between clenched teeth . 
 `` i do n't think you do . '' 
 `` actually , i do , '' she insisted . 
 `` i certainly did n't invite you here to discuss the weather . '' 
 `` oh , and how has the weather been , sabrina ? '' 
 `` stormy . '' 
 her voice rose at his odd question . 
 who the hell cared what the weather had been like ? 
 `` i 'll bet , '' he scoffed . 
 she studied him curiously . 
 it sounded almost as if he had some hidden meaning behind his words , one she was n't privy to . 
 she pushed aside her confusion at his derision and looked at him , making a great show of dragging her eyes from him to the door . 
 `` now that we 've discussed the weather , answer my question . '' 
 `` sabrina , '' he ground out . 
 `` i already did . 
 twenty-seven . '' 
 `` did you come here to lie to me ? 
 to play games ? 
 time for you to leave . 
 now . '' 
 she rose to her feet and glared at him . 
 she was done . 
 this whole situation seemed ridiculous . 
 when he did n't leave , she put her hands on her hips and leaned closer to him . 
 `` i said get out . '' 
 he mumbled something , and she leaned in closer . 
 `` what did you say ? 
 `` i was born in eighteen-fifty-four ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` is that clear enough for you , my lady ? '' 
 shock filled her at his answer , and she collapsed back onto the couch . 
 she 'd been expecting something like this , but to hear it out loud still struck her like a blow . 
 things like this did n't happen . 
 well , maybe it did in movies and novels , but not in real life . 
 man up , sabrina . 
 no time for shock . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` i wo n't - ca n't - say . 
 it 's not possible . 
 so , you might as well move onto the next question . 
 you can threaten all you want , but i ca n't answer you . '' 
 she stared at him , trying to make sense of his words . 
 he had n't said he would n't tell her , but he could n't . 
 why ? 
 an order , a covenant , or did he just not know ? 
 interesting ... `` okay . 
 give me a second here ... '' she rested her head on her left hand , rubbing her temple as she racked her brain for her next question . 
 she tried really hard not to dwell upon the one question he could n't answer . 
 she had been sure what his answer would be , yet even in fiction she had never heard of a vampire not being able to admit his secret . 
 could she be wrong ? 
 was he something else ? 
 stop wasting time and get your answers . 
 `` why could n't you come inside until i invited you in ? 
 and why come into my dreams , instead of talking to me the normal way ? '' 
 `` i ca n't come in until you let me . '' 
 `` and once invited , can i kick you out ? '' 
 `` no , once you invite me in , you ca n't rescind it . '' 
 his smirk did nothing to hide his satisfaction at sharing the small detail with her . 
 `` well , that would have been some useful information . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 `` useful for whom ? 
 not me . '' 
 he smirked , and she itched to wipe it off his face . 
 `` and i never came to you in the daytime , because isaac had already wormed his way into your life . 
 if it were n't for him , none of this would be happening . '' 
 `` so you blame isaac for everything , huh ? '' 
 she asked curiously . 
 `` interesting . 
 i had the impression things went down the other way . '' 
 `` meaning , of course , i 'm a horrible monster , and he 's an angel ? 
 of course , gentle isaac could never do any wrong . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` well , you 're wrong . 
 dead wrong . 
 you placed your trust in the wrong man , my dear . '' 
 `` hmm , i 'm not so sure about that . '' 
 hesitantly , she continued . 
 `` you and isaac both cared for amelia . 
 right ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 `` you fought . 
 he seems to blame you for her death . 
 did you ... kill her ? '' 
 anger , pain , and finally resignation crossed his eyes before he whispered , `` yes . '' 
 she choked on a breath and coughed in an attempt to inhale . 
 she 'd been so sure he had to be good , that he could n't possibly be the evil monster isaac seemed to believe him to be . 
 but if he was guilty of murder , she had just invited a murderer in her home . 
 oh god , what have i done ? 
 remembering to breathe , she leaned imperceptibly away from him . 
 he tensed at her action , but she did n't care . 
 she needed to get out . 
 smiling , she said , `` i 'll be right back . 
 i need some coffee . '' 
 she rose from the couch , making sure she moved in a non-run-for-your-life-manner . 
 hearing him curse behind her , sabrina reached for the knife in blind panic . 
 her hand barely brushed the handle before she got thrown through the air and buried beneath him on the couch . 
 she managed to throw one solid punch to his ear , and he grunted in pain as he pinned her arms above her head . 
 `` jesus , knock it off ! 
 that bloody well hurt , '' he exclaimed . 
 `` let go of me , '' she snarled . 
 `` or you 'll hurt even more . '' 
 she threatened him , trying to free her knee from between his . 
 he cursed and pinned it down under his leg as he looked at her in something akin to horror . 
 no matter , she had all day to kick his ass . 
 `` no , wait , please do n't be scared . 
 let me explain . 
 you ca n't leave . 
 i ca n't let you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 though his voice pleaded with her , his face looked like it had been set in granite . 
 in fact , he felt as heavy as stone as well . 
 and just as unmovable . 
 `` i 'm not scared , you ass . 
 i 'm pissed . 
 let me up , now ! '' 
 she squirmed beneath him , fighting for freedom , until she froze and her eyes widened in shock . 
 that , she knew , was not stone . 
 it was an erection , pure and simple . 
 she drew a deep breath , prepared to scream at the top of her lungs . 
 he must have sensed her intentions , because he cursed and swallowed her cries into his mouth . 
 his lips moved over hers , stealing her breath away . 
 panic overwhelmed her , and she thought with certainty that she would soon die . 
 she would die because , like an idiot , she 'd ignored isaac 's warning . 
 anger ripped through sabrina like a knife , and she lay still , afraid to move . 
 it seemed useless to fight his strength in this way . 
 she 'd seen him yank a tree out of the ground ; he could handle a mere woman . 
 but she 'd be damned if she would respond to his assault , either in fear or desire . 
 elijah pulled away from her lips and rested his forehead against hers . 
 he seemed oblivious to her anger as he held her closer to him and kissed her forehead tenderly . 
 it melted her heart ... just a little . 
 not enough for her to stop wanting to kill him , though . 
 `` are you going to stop and listen to me ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 she refused to speak and give him the satisfaction of winning . 
 she did n't lose well . 
 she settled for a glare that would have frozen him on the spot-if he were n't already made of stone . 
 `` you do n't understand a damn thing , '' he argued . 
 `` i understand you killed your brother 's fiancee , '' she returned . 
 `` there were things that happened you would never , ever understand . 
 not in a million years . 
 and you should thank god for it . '' 
 `` let me go , elijah . 
 now . '' 
 he glared and opened his mouth to respond . 
 whatever he 'd planned on saying , she would never know . 
 for instead of replying , he hissed and ran to the door , threw it open , and slammed it shut behind him as he left . 
 she was left alone , quivering from the fear consuming her . 
 what had she done ? 
 *** blaringly aware of the fact he 'd scared sabrina away because of his honesty , elijah ran with a desolation he 'd not felt in a long , long time . 
 he could have made her understand , made her see why he had done what he did . 
 but louisa had showed up . 
 louisa , the bane of his existence . 
 there had been no choice but to flee after the deranged bitch , since she had no business being so close to sabrina . 
 but in protecting her , he had managed to alienate sabrina for good . 
 to top it all off , louisa had gotten away . 
 but not for long . 
 his legs quickened each stride he took , and the wind brushed his skin like a caress . 
 even if he passed a human , they would feel nothing but a slight chill . 
 invisibility suited his mood today . 
 he was in no shape to be seen . 
 chapter six the sound of the phone ringing echoed in the silent room , but sabrina refused to answer . 
 her encounter with elijah had left her shaken , and for one night , she did n't want to have any of the craziness that now defined her life . 
 she needed a freaking break . 
 unfortunately , she really needed some sleep-but he might come to her . 
 and she did n't want to see him . 
 what a position to be in . 
 she 'd toyed with the idea of inviting isaac over and sleeping in the shelter of his arms , but she fought it . 
 it would be a cop-out , and she did n't fit the mold of a weak damsel in distress , damn it . 
 but she 'd take a knife to bed . 
 as she headed toward the kitchen , she checked the door one last time . 
 no , sabrina , it did n't unlock itself in the last five minutes . 
 besides , a locked door would n't keep him out , anyway . 
 he 'd just get her in her sleep . 
 like freddy krueger , but hotter . 
 the phone rang again , and she jumped in alarm . 
 god , when did she become such a wimp ? 
 time to answer it so she did n't get a heart attack every five seconds . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm okay , isaac . 
 you ? '' 
 `` eh , today passed slow and boring . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 she opted to lie . 
 `` yeah , i hear you there . '' 
 `` any more strange occurrences ? '' 
 `` no , it 's been very quiet . 
 too quiet . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 would you like some company ? '' 
 god , yes . 
 come hold me and keep me safe . 
 `` i think i 'm gon na go to bed . 
 a storm kept me up last night , and i 'm beat . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he apologized . 
 `` why would you be sorry ? 
 it 's not like you caused it . '' 
 she laughed and rolled her shoulders as she sighed . 
 he apologized for the weirdest things sometimes . 
 especially storms . 
 odd . 
 `` can i come over tomorrow , instead ? 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 she choked on a breath , certain he would soon fill her in on some of his mysterious past . 
 the writer in her wanted to hear his side-to understand . 
 `` i changed my mind . 
 you can come over , if you want . '' 
 `` no , '' he insisted , `` get some sleep . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . 
 good night . '' 
 `` good night . '' 
 she sighed in dejection . 
 she headed upstairs to attempt some sleep , though she alleged she 'd get none . 
 but hopefully , she 'd be blessed by some quiet , empty , dreamless sleep . 
 please . 
 *** isaac spent all the next day tracking elijah , to no avail . 
 anger coursed through him at his brother 's ability to escape him , but with considerable effort , he tamped it down . 
 eight o'clock had finally rolled around , and he pulled his car to a stop in sabrina 's driveway . 
 had elijah visited her dreams last night ? 
 had she moaned beneath his body , welcoming him into her open arms ? 
 did she show him the same eagerness she always showed him ? 
 he exited the car and slammed the door behind him , before leaning against it . 
 get a grip , man . 
 she was n't amelia . 
 he could trust her . 
 right ? 
 not if the past repeated itself ... *** `` this way , lady harding . 
 i am certain they are out here . '' 
 isaac glanced at her out of the corner of his eye as they crested the hill . 
 did he imagine things , or did she seem even more silent than usual ? 
 he desperately hoped amelia and elijah were here . 
 he could n't stand another moment of her stone-cold beauty . 
 arriving at the meadow , he stopped as pain grabbed hold of his heart and squeezed . 
 they were here , indeed , but not awaiting their betrotheds . 
 no , they were quite content to be alone . 
 his loving brother and fiancee were making love . 
 the pocket watch his father had given him for his eighteenth birthday fell out of his hand as he studied the pair in horror . 
 when the hell had this happened ? 
 how long had it been going on ? 
 son of a bitch . 
 a growl broke him away from the horror before his eyes , and he swung toward lady harding in surprise . 
 the sound seemed too feral to come from such a small slip of a girl . 
 she crouched on the ground , her silk dress getting dirty from the mud at their feet , and snarled as she bared her teeth . 
 bloody hell , she could n't be human . 
 not if she had those teeth . 
 he ripped his gaze away from her face and ran toward the lovers embraced across the meadow . 
 they had to get out-now . 
 as enraged as he felt , he did n't want to see them eaten alive by this monster . 
 whatever she-or it-was . 
 he got maybe two steps before being thrown to the ground , lady harding straddling him in a mockery of an embrace with her long skirt hiked up to her hips . 
 she slammed his head into hard stone , and his vision blurred . 
 she jerked his head to the side , and he heard a bone snap . 
 damn , that hurt . 
 unfortunately for him , it only symbolized the beginning of his pain . 
 his blurry vision caught sight of shining teeth headed toward his neck before the agonizing pain ripped through his body . 
 she must be a bloody demon of some sort . 
 who even knew they were real ? 
 he tried to break free . 
 to scream his agony to the world , but he 'd been paralyzed . 
 he could n't even fight . 
 and worse yet , when lady harding twisted his head to the side , she faced him toward the traitorous pair across the meadow . 
 he did n't know which hurt more : the pain wracking his body as she sucked the life out of him , or watching amelia and elijah make love . 
 the anguish of their betrayal echoed deep inside of him , and he closed his eyes to the sight of their writhing bodies . 
 it did n't work . 
 he saw them as vividly as if he were standing above them , cheering them on . 
 son of a bitch . 
 tears escaped his eye , rolling down his face to land in the grass below , like raindrops falling from the sky . 
 mercifully , the world faded to black . 
 *** sabrina slowly opened the door and peeked around the side of it to examine her visitor . 
 she studied his eyes most carefully before she sagged in relief . 
 it was isaac . 
 she motioned him in and locked the door behind him . 
 thank god he 'd come . 
 unsure of how to act , she hovered by the door . 
 how did one greet a non-human guest ? 
 her indecision got miraculously taken away when he opened his arms to her . 
 she lunged into their welcoming warmth , and the fear that had been a constant companion all day rolled off her shoulders . 
 he put his finger under her chin and lifted her face to his . 
 just before their lips touched , he froze and seemed to wait for some form of approval from her . 
 instinctively knowing he sought her compliance , she pulled his head the rest of the way down so their lips met . 
 it was all the reassurance he needed before entwining one hand in her hair , while the other crept down to cup her bu ** ocks firmly . 
 lifting her , he pressed his hard erection against her , causing them to groan in unison . 
 this was too much , too fast . 
 gasping for air , she tore her mouth from his and rested against the wall for support . 
 desire burned throughout her body as she fought the primal urge to fling herself back into his arms . 
 before his arrival , she had lectured herself to keep her distance . 
 get her answers . 
 yet not two seconds in the door , and already she clung to him like a dog in heat . 
 have a shred of control , woman . 
 he cursed and reached for her , his intent written clear as day on his face . 
 she shook her head and put a defensive hand in front of her . 
 `` please , no . 
 i ca n't think straight when you kiss me . '' 
 taking a shaky breath , she met his eyes , only to see pure male satisfaction glowing on his face . 
 why , the smug son of a. ... `` you do it on purpose , do n't you ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 his dimples flashed at her as he smiled charmingly , and she forgot why she felt angry . 
 in fact , she forgot why she 'd stopped kissing him at all . 
 maybe she should remedy that . 
 `` if you 're accusing me of kissing you until you lose all thought or purpose , i 'm guilty as charged . '' 
 he cocked his head to the side before continuing . 
 `` but if it makes you feel better , you have the same effect on me . '' 
 `` yes , i do believe it does . '' 
 she chuckled softly and shook her head . 
 mesmerized by his brilliant blue eyes , she carelessly stated , `` your eyes are just so beautiful . 
 every time i see you , i 'm amazed at the shade of blue . 
 so like elijah 's , but much softer . '' 
 anger crossed over his features , squashing the sparkle she loved . 
 gasping in horror , she put her shaky hand over her mouth and took an unsteady step away from the angry man advancing upon her . 
 did i say that aloud ? 
 what a freaking idiot . 
 `` elijah ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 his jaw clenched , as did his fists . 
 `` w-wait , let me explain . 
 he came into my dreams , and only the dreams . 
 well , until yesterday , anyway - '' `` until yesterday ? 
 he came here , inside this house ? 
 when ? '' 
 his voice rose with each word , until he ended on a shout . 
 she flinched at the volume . 
 `` i thought he 'd only been in your dreams . 
 but it 's gone past that , has n't it ? 
 you let him inside , knowing he could hurt you . 
 knowing what he has done ! '' 
 his fist slammed on the foyer table , and she jumped as it echoed throughout the house . 
 it seemed like a miracle the wood did n't shatter at the force . 
 she swore the windows shook at the blow . 
 or had it been from his shout ? 
 `` isaac , please , calm down . 
 you 're scaring me . '' 
 she backed away from him and covertly searched for her knife . 
 she did n't have it close by . 
 she 'd never dreamed she 'd feel the need for it with isaac . 
 `` yes , he came here , but just once , and i have n't seen him since . '' 
 she watched his body tremble . 
 she had never seen anyone this mad . 
 ever . 
 holy crap a loud bang of thunder shook the house , and she yelped . 
 a glance out the window revealed torrential downpour accompanied by flashing lightning , gusty winds , and deafening thunder . 
 even though she feared storms , she gauged the storm less of an imminent threat than isaac , so she turned her attention back to him . 
 `` what did he do ? 
 you invited him in , after what i told you ? 
 how could you ? 
 i 'll kill him . 
 i swear i will . 
 he wo n't do this again . 
 this changes everything . '' 
 with one last angry scowl , he spun on his heel , opened the door , and left . 
 the door swung in the fury of the storm , banging against the wall so hard it knocked down the picture hanging next to it . 
 she gaped at the door before rushing to close it against the tempest outside . 
 she stumbled to the couch in a daze and sat on the edge as she dropped her head in her hands . 
 her stomach lurched and tears welled in her eyes . 
 how had she become such a freaking idiot ? 
 to announce how much prettier his eyes were than elijah 's ? 
 in her defense , whenever he held her she turned into a babbling idiot . 
 he was a devastating force who stole her senses with one smile , every time . 
 so could she really be blamed for what she blurted out ? 
 yes . 
 she collapsed onto the soft cushions of the couch and leaned back , only to notice the storm had ended as fast as it had begun . 
 what the hell was up with the weather lately , anyway ? 
 a shadow moved over her , and she shrieked in terror . 
 it took a split second for her to realize isaac crouched in front of her , but it took long enough , thank you very much . 
 `` jesus christ , you 've got to stop doing that ! '' 
 she wailed as she clenched her fists in anger . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i lost my temper . 
 you do n't know how dangerous he is . 
 how much he could hurt you . 
 i should n't have yelled , but i 'm terrified of seeing you get hurt . 
 i 'll tell you anything you want to know about him , and me , if you will listen . '' 
 his eyes were pleading , and she knew she would forgive him . 
 hell , she forgave him already . 
 they were both stressed out and tightly wound . 
 it was natural they would snap . 
 and she 'd been the idiot who had said elijah 's name `` should i leave ? '' 
 `` no , '' she stammered . 
 `` i think it 's time you told me what 's going on . 
 everything . '' 
 he hesitated , and she nudged her foot against his . 
 `` i mean it , i want to know . 
 no lies , no excuses . 
 i think i deserve that much . '' 
 her chin jutted out , and she folded her arms across her chest . 
 she was n't moving till he bared all . 
 he could start by removing his pants ... no , wait , he could start by telling her how he had become-well , not human . 
 whatever that meant . 
 he sighed and settled on the couch beside her . 
 `` well , i 'll start at the history and work my way up . 
 i 'm sure you have realized by now - '' he hesitated over the name and grimaced . 
 `` elijah and i are n't what you 'd call ... normal . 
 human . 
 we were born in the year eighteen fifty-four . '' 
 he paused , clearly expecting a reaction from her . 
 receiving a simple , serene nod , he gritted his teeth and continued . 
 `` elijah was born ten minutes before me . 
 as the heir , he was always so tense . 
 so wound up . 
 in what was probably a way to rebel against his responsibilities , he became a rake and loved taking risks . 
 the only time i ever saw him relax was in amelia 's company . 
 he 'd been betrothed to a woman , a young lady of quality , a few years before amelia died . 
 he 'd have gained a lot of land with the match . 
 her name was louisa . 
 back then , though , she went by lady harding . 
 `` amelia grew up by us , but when we reached an appropriate age , it became more than friendship . 
 we got betrothed six months before she died , and life was never better for me . 
 stolen kisses in the barn . 
 long walks in the meadow . 
 she had the most gorgeous curly hair . '' 
 he rubbed sabrina 's hair between his fingers of his left hand . 
 `` and absolutely glorious green eyes . '' 
 he ran his fingers over her brow with his right hand . 
 `` like i had never seen ... until now . '' 
 `` wait , a second . 
 i did n't want to interrupt , but are you telling me she looked like me ? 
 that 's what this is all about ? 
 i resemble her ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she looked as much like you as i do like elijah . 
 when i first saw you , in the tavern , you took my breath away . 
 i knew , as surely as i was seeing you , elijah would , too . '' 
 bewildered , she took a deep , calming breath . 
 she was the spitting image of amelia-their long-lost , cheating love ? 
 whom they both wanted back ? 
 jeez , it sure sounded like a healthy start to a new relationship . 
 not . 
 `` well , i dreamt about elijah before i saw you . '' 
 his cold mask was back , and he inquired , `` you did ? 
 i had no idea . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's why i stared at you like you were a ghost . 
 i thought i was going insane . '' 
 `` i was too busy thinking you were a ghost to notice you staring at me . '' 
 he snickered and grinned . 
 the ice-man was gone , thank god . 
 `` understandable , i suppose , '' she murmured . 
 `` but i digress . 
 one day , elijah and amelia were alone in the meadow and we walked upon amelia and elijah , entwined in the grass . '' 
 his eyes held a haunted look , and she knew he was replaying the scene in his head . 
 reaching out , she put a comforting hand on his knee . 
 he covered her hand with his and smiled lopsidedly . 
 `` louisa walked beside me , but i picked up something odd from her . 
 she scared me . 
 i scoffed at myself even though i quickened my stride to match hers . 
 `` i heard her hiss , and she was crouched on the ground . 
 i tried to run . 
 to warn them . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i never stood a chance . 
 she was on me before i took more than three steps . 
 she slammed me to the ground , and i knew i was going to die ... and so were they . 
 the last thing i saw before her teeth ripped into my neck was elijah and amelia , kissing and whispering words of love . 
 they looked so happy . '' 
 his words drifted off as he stared into space . 
 his eyes focused on hers once more , and they held a sad and angry tone to them she 'd not before seen him have . 
 she realized he looked more like elijah than ever before . 
 `` i have no idea what happened after , but i heard the screams . 
 i knew she 'd gotten them . 
 she killed amelia , but me and elijah , she ... bit . 
 i guess she thought it would be funny if he had to live eternally with a brother who despised him . '' 
 he smiled in a mocking manner , and she squeezed his hand in an attempt to reassure him . 
 `` so , you 're a. . . 
 vampire ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` nope , i 'm not . 
 elijah is . 
 i am an even weirder freak of nature . 
 there are very few of my kind . 
 we were chosen to be a group of the elite . 
 the elite monsters , what a joke . '' 
 he chuckled coarsely . 
 `` we 're called enforcers . 
 believe it or not , all the mythical creatures you 've heard of do exist : werewolves , vampires , shifters . 
 `` well , we are the top of the food chain , so to speak . 
 we attempt to protect humans by eliminating the dredge of all immortals . 
 if i need to fight a vampire , i get those powers . 
 the same goes for the other creatures . 
 i 'm all of these monsters , in one neat package . 
 but , sabrina , elijah is a vampire . 
 he could kill , crush , or bite you , and you could n't do a thing to stop him . 
 i got taken down by a tiny woman . 
 picture that . 
 imagine how strong they must be . 
 you ca n't trust him , not even for one measly second , '' he pleaded . 
 she ignored his pleas for a more pressing question on her mind . 
 `` how ? 
 how do you get chosen to be an enforcer ? '' 
 `` they look at the time you died . 
 were you pure of heart ? 
 or doing things that do n't match their values ? 
 are you willing to put your life at risk to save others , or do you care only for your own wants and desires ? 
 since i died trying to save elijah and amelia-even in the face of such a betrayal-the council deemed my moral qualities upstanding . 
 therefore , i am an enforcer . 
 `` whereas people like elijah , who died betraying his brother , are deemed beneath their notice , and therefore become whatever monster they are doomed to be . 
 in elijah 's case , a vampire . '' 
 `` so , if you die while helping someone , you are automatically an enforcer ? '' 
 she questioned in confusion . 
 `` if so , there should be a lot of you around . '' 
 `` not as many as one might think . 
 they do n't just look at the moment of your death . 
 they look at your whole life . 
 from the time you were a child to the time you die . 
 it 's not a split-second decision . 
 it is n't even up to the enforcers . 
 it is up to the council . '' 
 `` the council ? '' 
 she squeaked . 
 `` yes . 
 there 's a judge 's panel , of sorts , although no one 's ever seen them . 
 or will . 
 but , we all answer to them . 
 and by us , i mean the enforcers . 
 they decide who 's worthy , and who is n't , and we 're sent by their orders to ` collect ' them . '' 
 `` is the order sent by carrier pigeon ? '' 
 she fought back the urge to burst into hysterical laughter . 
 un-freaking believable . 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` they 're too unreliable . 
 by owl , of course . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously , '' he assured her . 
 `` holy crap . '' 
 she breathed deeply . 
 `` how in the world do they figure it out so fast whether you are worthy or not ? 
 i assume they do n't have warning you 're going to die ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` out of all the stuff i told you , you question timing , and only timing ? '' 
 `` well , it seems a bit of a rushed decision , '' she argued as she blushed . 
 `` but i see your point . 
 if all this other crap is possible , why question the how , huh ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` anyway , my job is to kill all the monsters walking alongside humans like you . 
 monsters like elijah , '' he emphasized . 
 `` oh , my god . 
 so if you see him , you have to kill him ? 
 that 's horrible . '' 
 he was duty-bound to kill his brother ? 
 this did n't seem fair at all . 
 no matter what he had done , elijah was still his brother . 
 he could n't desire his twin 's death that much . 
 right ? 
 `` yes , if ever i see him , i 'd be duty-bound to kill him . 
 or to try , at least . 
 he 's very fast and strong . 
 even with my powers , it 's not an easy fight . 
 and even worse , if elijah knows you 're here , inevitably louisa will know as well . 
 i 've been hunting her throughout this life and have yet to catch her . 
 she 's cunning . 
 dangerous . 
 she 'd think nothing of killing you again . 
 trust me . '' 
 stillness came over her as his words clicked in her head . 
 a beautiful woman who would want to kill her ... her horror must have been written on her face , for he grabbed her hand and squeezed it gently to get her attention . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it , sabrina ? 
 have you seen her ? '' 
 `` yeah , in my dream , '' she whispered . 
 `` she had long red hair , and brown eyes . 
 elijah fought her off by throwing a tree at her . 
 it was the dream i had the night you were here . 
 she kept trying to get to me , but elijah would n't let her . 
 now i know why . '' 
 she shuddered as she remembered the woman-louisa-trying to get to her , desperate to kill her again . 
 great , so now she had a jealous vampire who wanted her dead , too ? 
 so to sum it up , she was dating an enforcer , who was required to kill his brother-who happened to want her-and had a jealous fiancee who wanted nothing more than to see her dead ? 
 how had this become her life ? 
 `` shit . 
 i 'd worried this would happen . 
 i 've been watching , but have n't seen her . 
 at least elijah protected you . '' 
 this time . 
 `` so you believe , both of you , i 'm amelia '' - she put a hand to her chest '' - reincarnated or something ? 
 or i bear a striking resemblance to her ? 
 is it even possible , to be the same person , reborn ? '' 
 the condescension in her tone rang clear even to her ears , but she could n't help it . 
 `` i believe anything to be possible . 
 i 've seen it all . 
 and yes , i think you are she . 
 i 'm sure elijah feels the same . '' 
 her mind reeled , but she had too many questions to linger . 
 shock would have to wait until later . 
 way later . 
 `` can you be hurt by these creatures ? 
 what do you eat ? 
 are you immortal ? '' 
 he stopped her by pressing a finger to her lips . 
 `` slow down , honey . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` yes , i can be killed . 
 when i change into one of them , whichever i 'm fighting , i 'm as susceptible to death as they are . 
 but it 's not an easy task to kill my kind . 
 there are different ways to kill different species . 
 vampires , for example , need to be decapitated and thrown into salt water . 
 it eats away their skin . 
 if you do n't do both those steps , they come back to life . 
 werewolves go down when shot by silver bullets and burned in fire . 
 but , when i 'm in front of you , like this , as a human , i 'm one in every way . 
 `` the only way i differ from you is you ca n't kill me . 
 in human form , if i got hit by a train , i 'd get up and walk away after a short break to recover . 
 run over ? 
 i 'd heal almost immediately . 
 shot ? 
 my body absorbs it . 
 the only way to kill me is if i am one of them . 
 then , i 'm vulnerable . 
 `` as far as food-well , you already know i eat normal food . 
 when i phase , however , i take on the tendencies of the creature i become . 
 if i 'm a vampire , i thirst for blood . 
 as a werewolf , i hunger for meat . 
 i become that creature , and act as such . '' 
 he paused to await any questions she might have about his last statements . 
 `` all those things are real ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 it made sense that if elijah and isaac were real , the rest would be , too . 
 but come on , man . 
 all the things kids were terrified of , the things that went bump in the night , really did exist ? 
 `` yes , everything you 've heard of , and some you have n't . '' 
 `` what do you mean ` some i have n't ' ? '' 
 `` shines , mongrels , fourwers - '' `` okay , enough . 
 way too much information . 
 i do n't even know what the heck those are . '' 
 she held a hand up when his mouth opened . 
 `` and do n't need to know right now . 
 maybe i 'll never need to know . '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` let 's get back on track . 
 why not stay an enforcer to battle these ... creatures ? 
 if you are , as you say , immortal as an enforcer ? '' 
 `` when i 've changed into one of them , i 'm faster , stronger . 
 my reflexes are improved greatly . 
 it makes it possible for me to beat them . 
 as an enforcer , while unable to die , i 'm not as strong , nor as quick . 
 i 'm also susceptible to human weaknesses , such as being knocked unconscious . 
 not a good thing in a battle . '' 
 okay , that , at least , made sense . 
 `` have you ever , as a vampire - ? '' 
 she stuttered to a halt , scared of his answer . 
 `` no , i 've not bitten anyone . 
 if i do , there 's a hefty price to pay . 
 if i succumb to my beastly desires , i 'm cursed to remain that creature for all my days , and in turn will be hunted down and killed . 
 so , you see , i ca n't afford to be weak . '' 
 `` elijah , as a vampire , does he ... act like one ? 
 i mean , kill people ? '' 
 she shivered as she pictured elijah jumping out at an unsuspecting old woman walking down the road . 
 the now familiar ice-mask he wore when he no longer liked the subject at hand reappeared when she mentioned elijah 's name , and she cringed . 
 her inquisitive writer 's mind had to be getting the best of her . 
 perhaps she should n't ask about elijah . 
 gee , do you think ? 
 but she needed to know every detail about his amazing life . 
 it felt so new and incredible . 
 `` yes , he acts as a vampire and drinks blood , though he tends to stay away from people . 
 he has , on occasion , weakened and succumbed to his desires . 
 but he mostly feeds off of wildlife and blood banks . 
 he does n't change into a bat or anything , and sunlight does n't bother him , either . 
 elijah does , however , hate garlic . 
 it will keep him away from your blood . '' 
 `` crucifixes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` hates them , especially gold ones . 
 gold burns vampires . '' 
 `` gold ? 
 i thought silver hurt them . '' 
 `` a myth they put about to make everyone steer away from gold , '' he stated as he shook his head . 
 `` it worked , too . '' 
 `` son-of-a-bitch , '' she grumbled . 
 `` i need to get a gold crucifix . '' 
 `` it wo n't stop elijah , or louisa . 
 it 's merely an annoyance for ones who are as strong as they are . 
 they 'd rip them off and heal right away . 
 they 're most effective on newborns . '' 
 `` well , there goes my grand plan . 
 at least he hates garlic , since i happen to love it . '' 
 `` that does n't , i repeat , does n't make him safe or trustworthy . 
 sometimes , no matter how much a vampire tries to be good , he just ca n't resist the lure of human blood-garlic or no garlic . 
 i 'll be honest and say there are ones who succeed in resisting their animalistic nature . 
 elijah is one of them , and as such , he 's not high on our list of targets . 
 but if i were to come across him , it would be different . '' 
 she nodded , accepting the warning for what it truly meant : stay away from elijah , or i may run across him and have to kill him . 
 she did n't want to put any of them in that position . 
 isaac had been trying to protect her , and in some twisted way his brother , all along . 
 her suspicions at his secrets faded away . 
 he had n't spoken to her about it before because he 'd feared to turn her away . 
 plain and simple . 
 `` if you came across him and let him go , what would happen ? '' 
 `` theoretically , if no one knew , nothing would happen . 
 but if i were caught doing such a thing , i 'd be tracked down and killed , like any other target of ours . '' 
 his eyes glittered like ice , and she could almost hear his teeth gnashing together . 
 `` did you find him earlier ? '' 
 `` no , he 'd already left and i did n't follow his trail . 
 i wanted to come here to explain this whole mess to you . '' 
 `` can i ask another question , about elijah ? '' 
 she hated making him mad , but she had one last question . 
 at his nod , she continued . 
 `` when i talked to him , he told me he could n't tell me what he is . 
 not would n't , but could n't . 
 why ? 
 did i misunderstand his words ? '' 
 `` no , you understood . 
 just as my kind have their sets of rules , so do his . 
 he 's not allowed to tell anyone of his existence , unless it 's a person he 's about to change . 
 or a person about to become his dinner , neither of which you are . 
 or ever will be . '' 
 it would be impossible to miss the proprietary tone in his voice , or the warning he gave . 
 she belonged to him and him alone . 
 that did n't sound too bad , even if he were some kind of freak of nature . 
 she 'd never been normal anyway . 
 `` oh . 
 i-i see . '' 
 staring off into space , she wondered what had happened in the meadow after isaac had lost consciousness . 
 elijah had said he had killed amelia , but had he really ? 
 or did he blame himself for his weakness ? 
 isaac believed her to be amelia reincarnated . 
 it could be possible , she supposed . 
 she 'd been drawn to this area , and god knew she 'd become obsessed with isaac . 
 and , to be honest , to some extent she felt drawn to elijah as well . 
 they were like two incredibly hot magnets , pulling her in opposite directions . 
 but she could n't deny it any longer ; isaac 's pull was stronger . 
 and would win , hands-down . 
 `` you 've been quiet for a while now . 
 are you okay ? 
 got any more questions for me ? '' 
 he smiled playfully at her . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 tons . 
 so many i ca n't even sort them out to make sense . '' 
 she massaged her temples and flinched at the headache rapidly gaining strength . 
 `` you said you change into the creatures you fight . 
 do you have to become a werewolf to fight a werewolf , or can you fight a werewolf as a vampire ? '' 
 `` i can become whatever i feel i need to be to win the fight . 
 more often than not , i morph into the same species . 
 it makes sense . '' 
 he shrugged his right shoulder , and then rubbed his head . 
 it left his hair sticking up in places , looking delightfully mussed . 
 sabrina yearned to run her fingers through it . 
 she reached out to touch his soft waves and jumped when a pounding on the door broke into their conversation . 
 before she could even hop to her feet , isaac stood at the door , swinging it open . 
 would she ever get used to how fast he moved ? 
 probably not . 
 all thought left her as she caught sight of their visitor . 
 the man was huge , at least six-and-a-half feet tall . 
 he had to be a bodybuilder or something , judging by the bulging muscles straining underneath the black skin on his biceps . 
 it did n't even look like he could fit through the door . 
 yikes . 
 `` i smell a mongrel . '' 
 he scrunched his nose as if disgusted . 
 `` i 'd say it 's close by , no more than a mile . 
 it must be looking for - '' he threw a meaningful glance in her direction , and finished , `` dinner . '' 
 isaac tensed , looking torn . 
 she could tell he could n't decide whether to stay here , or to go after the mongrel . 
 `` please , isaac , i 'll be okay . 
 go . 
 i 'll stay inside . 
 i promise . '' 
 she met his eyes , eager to show him she told the truth . 
 after all , she did n't have a death wish , and she could do without seeing this ` mongrel ' , thank you very much . 
 he rushed to her side and grabbed her arms . 
 `` i 'll get him . 
 connor will stay here to watch the house . 
 he wo n't let anything by . '' 
 she had no trouble believing that . 
 `` be careful , isaac . '' 
 even knowing his strength , her heart dropped to her stomach at the thought of him chasing a dangerous ... whatever it had been called . 
 he grabbed her face and kissed her , leaving her clinging to him in need . 
 but unfortunately , the kiss was brief . 
 he had a mongrel to kill . 
 she staggered when he released her , and she did n't miss the smug smile on his face as he vowed , `` i 'll return soon . '' 
 you better . 
 she bolted to the window to watch him jog away . 
 wait , why could she still see him ? 
 she knew for a fact he could move faster than the human eye could see . 
 his pants hit the ground , and she caught a glimpse of bare bu ** ocks before he disappeared in a cloud of smoke . 
 well , duh , mongrels did n't run around in clothes . 
 whatever the hell a mongrel was . 
 a mongrel turned out to be a huge freaking beast that stood eight-feet tall and had long , black fur . 
 the fur did n't look shaggy or coarse , surprisingly : in fact , it looked silky . 
 he stood on his hind legs , sniffing the air . 
 catching the scent of his prey ? 
 she shivered at the sight . 
 these beasts were out there , and humans were none the wiser . 
 it horrified her . 
 isaac took off into the woods , and she rested a hand on the window pane , silently wishing him luck . 
 studying the empty spot he had left , she headed to the door to collect the clothes scattered about the lawn . 
 a form stepped into her path , and she shrieked in surprise . 
 holding a hand to her racing heart , she gaped at the face looming over her . 
 oh , right . 
 the giant man isaac had left behind to guard her . 
 how had she forgotten about him ? 
 what had isaac called him ? 
 connor ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i forgot you were there ... '' she let her voice trail off , seeking his name . 
 he smiled . 
 `` connor . '' 
 `` connor . 
 right . 
 i 'm sabrina . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 she held out a hand to him , and he shook it . 
 oh god , her hand disappeared inside his-like a newborn baby and its father . 
 yikes . 
 `` i know who you are . 
 i 've been here the past few days , keeping an eye on things . '' 
 `` oh ... really ? 
 i had no idea . '' 
 though it felt a bit unnerving to have a strange man lurking about , it also comforted her . 
 he sure looked like one heck of a man . 
 `` do n't be frightened . 
 isaac sent me to help keep you safe , not guard you . 
 you 're not a prisoner , or anything . '' 
 `` well , thanks for keeping an eye on things . 
 i 'm gon na go outside and grab his clothes . '' 
 she gestured at the door and moved toward it . 
 she paused when he blocked her way a second time . 
 she stepped to the side and tried to pass him , but he blocked her way once more . 
 she raised an eyebrow in question . 
 `` i do n't think it 's a good idea , sabrina . 
 i 'm going outside to keep watch , so i 'll gather them for him . 
 you stay inside , okay ? '' 
 well , if that was n't a contradiction , she did n't know what would be . 
 not a prisoner , but not allowed outside ? 
 okay . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` can i ask you a question ? '' 
 he paused mid-stride , turning to her with a raised brow . 
 `` sure thing , ask away . '' 
 `` you 're like isaac , right ? 
 an enforcer ? '' 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 his chest puffed out as he straightened to his full height . 
 how the hell did he fit in the house ? 
 `` so , why did you come tell isaac about the problem ? 
 why not run and take care of it yourself ? 
 i 'm not upset or anything , '' she hurried to assure him . 
 `` just curious . '' 
 `` oh , well as the ruler , isaac gets told of all incidents , no matter how minor . 
 also , he has more powers than any enforcer . 
 he 's faster , stronger , and more capable than all of us combined . 
 so it makes sense he would choose to go , since the mongrel - '' again his nose scrunched in disgust . 
 `` came so close to you . '' 
 `` the ruler ? '' 
 her mind raced as she tried to figure out what that meant . 
 it sounded as if he insinuated isaac was a leader of some sort . 
 and isaac certainly had n't mentioned being in charge of anything . 
 or anyone . 
 connor stiffened imperceptibly at her question and cursed under his breath . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i have to go outside . 
 if you have questions , please ask isaac . '' 
 the door slammed shut behind him , leaving her accompanied only by the unanswered questions filling her mind . 
 chapter seven louisa lurked close-by . 
 elijah smelled her stench . 
 well , she did n't actually smell bad , but to him , it reeked of evil . 
 since scaring off sabrina , he 'd been following louisa across the country , in a game of cat and mouse , one he did n't like to play . 
 she , however , loved having his undivided attention . 
 sick bitch . 
 he 'd been trying to kill her for years . 
 no matter how fast he ran , she always escaped due to her gift , her ability to see the future . 
 not the distant future , but she saw the world five seconds ahead of the rest of them , in her own unique time zone . 
 in battles , it proved to be an invaluable tool to have . 
 she 'd be dead by now-by his hand-if she had n't been blessed with such a gift . 
 instead , she lived to watch him suffer in the hell she 'd put him in . 
 she laughed as he resisted blood and mocked him in his feeble attempts to remain more human than monster . 
 and isaac being an enforcer thrilled her to no end . 
 she never missed an opportunity to gloat over it . 
 he skidded to a halt when her trail disappeared . 
 where the heck did she go ? 
 `` hello , elijah . 
 lovely to see you . 
 what brings you to see me on this glorious day ? '' 
 following her voice , he located her on the highest branch of the tree overhead . 
 she always hung around in trees . 
 he wondered fleetingly if she had been a cat in her previous life . 
 hah , more like a lion . 
 her eyes glittered in the sunlight , and she smiled in the face of his frustration . 
 he growled in return before replying . 
 `` you know why i 'm here , louisa . 
 leave her alone . 
 she 's done nothing to you . 
 take your anger out on me . 
 she is innocent . '' 
 louisa dropped to the ground in front of him and tossed him through the air . 
 he slammed into a nearby tree and slid to the ground . 
 he leapt to his feet , ready to defend himself . 
 `` take your anger out on me , '' she mocked . 
 `` amusing , i know i 've heard similar words before . 
 the memory escapes me , though . 
 oh , where have i heard it ? 
 hmm ... '' she tapped her finger against her chin as if she strained to remember . 
 her eyes focused on him , and he glared in return . 
 `` oh , silly me . 
 it was from you as i broke your little harlot into pieces in front of your very eyes . 
 such a delightful day , too . '' 
 she cackled . 
 anger consumed him , causing him to rip a nearby tree out of the ground and throw it at her . 
 futile effort at best , but that did n't stop him . 
 he despised her . 
 she sidestepped it before continuing . 
 `` now , now elijah . 
 do n't be a poor sport . 
 you 'll ruin my fun . 
 and i 'm so looking forward to breaking her apart again . '' 
 he roared and lunged for her . 
 his arms sought for purchase , but met thin air . 
 he crashed to the ground and rolled to his feet . 
 though he lacked the ability to outthink her , he did n't lack the ability to outrun her . 
 he effortlessly caught up to her and knocked her face first on the ground . 
 she snarled while she fought to free herself , and he howled in satisfaction as he grasped her head in one hand and her neck in the other . 
 just before he had the chance to rip her head off , she managed to free herself by kicking him in the balls . 
 vampire or not , that still hurt like hell . 
 son of a bitch . 
 not allowing the pain to rule him , he leapt to his feet , only to have them swept out from under him . 
 he landed on the ground , and his head slammed on a tree root . 
 this time , the pain ripped through him intensely enough to cause him to lie motionless for a split second , allowing her to disappear into the woods . 
 he did n't give chase . 
 *** isaac studied the mongrel as it followed sabrina 's scent . 
 thunder crashed above even though the sun beat down on his thick fur . 
 sabrina adored being outdoors , much like amelia had , and could easily stumble upon this monstrosity and become its meal . 
 she 'd stand no chance against the thing as it jumped on her , gnawing her limbs from her body . 
 he leapt on the unsuspecting beast in sheer fury . 
 how dare he hunt sabrina ? 
 he wasted no time dismembering the creature , devouring the chunks whole . 
 he swallowed a paw before pausing to break the leg bones using his massive teeth . 
 once only the torso remained , he slowed his pace . 
 the tender muscle always tasted the best , and he savored the flavor of his enemy . 
 to kill a mongrel , one must eat every last piece , or else they 'd simply regenerate . 
 afterward , he lounged in the sunlight . 
 shifting too soon after a meal would give him a hell of a stomachache , so he forced himself to enjoy the feel of the breeze ruffling his fur . 
 when he had become an enforcer , his stomach and mind had rebelled against the very nature of the mongrels , more so than any other monster . 
 he had to eat the creatures , bones and all . 
 but during his first battle , he 'd discovered he thought like a mongrel when in their form , and therefore could enjoy the task . 
 in human form , however , he tried to not dwell upon his dining habits in his alternate forms . 
 hopefully , it would be something he 'd never be forced to tell sabrina , either . 
 it would be enough to send any sensible girl running for the nearest airport . 
 although sabrina , he snorted , had proved less than sensible so far . 
 she 'd be far too brave to be scared by a beast . 
 she liked him . 
 nonetheless , he 'd rather keep this part of his job hidden from her . 
 just like he would n't tell her that he was technically a king . 
 telling her of his position might scare her off as no monster could . 
 loving him would take a big commitment on her part . 
 and she would love him . 
 glancing at the disappearing sun , he lumbered to the nearby stream to bathe before returning to sabrina 's house . 
 isaac dressed hurriedly , thankful connor placed the garments in an easy-to-find spot . 
 he preferred not to wander around the woods naked for too long . 
 appreciative he had worn a sweater today , he pulled it over his head and shivered . 
 god , it was cold . 
 he entered sabrina 's lawn , noticing the whole house had remained cloaked in darkness . 
 had she gone to bed already ? 
 if so , would the door be locked or open in anticipation of his return ? 
 `` everything go okay , sir ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 isaac had been so preoccupied worrying over his welcome , or lack thereof , he had n't even heard his approach . 
 luckily , it was friend and not foe . 
 `` yes , the beast is dispatched . 
 how did the night go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 connor paled before looking away guiltily , and isaac tensed . 
 `` what happened ? 
 is sabrina okay ? 
 did elijah come back ? 
 tell me , now . '' 
 `` if you 'd stop asking questions , i could ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 his eyes widened when he realized he had yelled at his ruler , and he met isaac 's glare a bit more hesitantly than before . 
 `` i mean ... yes , sir . 
 sabrina asked why you chased the mongrel , instead of me . 
 i got caught off guard , so i told her it only made sense you would go yourself , seeing as you are the ruler . '' 
 the last word drifted off into nothing as connor stared at his feet . 
 isaac 's angry hiss made him snap to attention . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i thought she knew . '' 
 he shrugged his shoulders and dug his hands into his pockets before rocking back sheepishly on his heels . 
 isaac stared up at the moonless sky while attempting to rein in his frustration . 
 connor had n't known what he 'd already told sabrina . 
 he could n't be too angry . 
 sabrina could make a man confess his every sin by batting her eyelashes over her emerald eyes . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 but it means there will be more questions to answer tonight . 
 ones i 'd been hoping to avoid . 
 stay outside and watch for any disturbances . 
 let me know if anything happens . '' 
 connor nodded , and isaac went inside . 
 testing the knob , pleasure rolled through him when he found it unlocked . 
 since the whole house lay bathed in darkness , he crept up the stairs to her room , eager to see her even if she 'd fallen asleep . 
 he could watch her sigh in her sleep , her face unguarded in deep slumber . 
 unless elijah interrupted , anyway . 
 he halted as his heart lurched painfully in his chest and stopped beating altogether as he examined the empty bed . 
 maybe she huddled in the middle ? 
 he ripped the covers back and growled when he found the bed empty . 
 the mattress felt cool to the touch , which meant she 'd been gone for quite some time . 
 he sprinted down the stairs and went straight to the front door . 
 had elijah taken her ? 
 or even worse , louisa ? 
 had she broken her promise and left , leaving herself vulnerable to attack ? 
 or had she simply left him , out of disgust ? 
 his hand on the doorknob , he stopped . 
 if he were sabrina , would he go to bed , or stubbornly try to stay awake to greet him , no matter how tired he might be ? 
 he crept into the living room and peered at the couch . 
 sure enough , there she lay . 
 a cold mug of coffee , filled to the top , rested on the table near her head . 
 she seemed to have fallen asleep before she could drink it . 
 it warmed his heart she 'd tried to wait up for him , even though she 'd been exhausted . 
 but it also terrified him . 
 he collapsed into a nearby chair as a swell of emotions overcame him . 
 he knew he loved her . 
 for him , that much had been a given from their very first meeting . 
 but he had n't realized the sheer power she held over him , nor how much he needed her . 
 his eyes took in every precious detail about her . 
 from the way she lay on her side with her legs curled up against her chest , to the gentle sweep of eyelashes against porcelain skin . 
 he reached forward to brush her soft cheek and his fingers came away wet . 
 had she cried herself to sleep ? 
 what other reason would her eyelashes be wet ? 
 allergies ? 
 and more importantly , if she indeed had cried ... why ? 
 because she worried about him , or because she could n't stand being with someone like him ? 
 his heart lurched at the thought . 
 cursing under his breath , he leaned in to kiss her forehead . 
 her lids slowly fluttered open , and her sleepy green gaze met his . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sabrina , '' he whispered . 
 confusion crossed her features until he ran a finger over her cheek . 
 `` no , do n't be . '' 
 she let out a big yawn and her eyes drifted shut . 
 he shook his head and leaned over her to scoop her into his arms and up the stairs . 
 though she stirred when he picked her up , she quickly relaxed once he assured her he was only carrying her to bed . 
 she let out a soft snore , and he glanced down in surprise . 
 he bit his lip to keep his laughter at bay , barely succeeding . 
 she 'd just love to know she snored in front of him . 
 he laid her in bed and gently placed the covers over her body . 
 he saw something black sticking out from under the pillow and reached underneath . 
 he chuckled as he retrieved the huge butcher knife . 
 she apparently slept armed now . 
 he rolled his eyes and put it on the table next to her bed . 
 still within reach , but he did n't need to worry about her hurting herself in her sleep . 
 after casting one last longing look at her , he spun on his heel and headed for the door . 
 he planned on spending the night . 
 downstairs , of course . 
 `` why are you always taking my knife ? '' 
 she grumbled . 
 he turned to see her leaning on her elbow , her long hair cascading to the mattress beneath her . 
 did she know how tempting she appeared ? 
 how much she tortured him by making him stay in the same room , when he could n't do a damn thing to ease his hunger ? 
 her face was softened by sleep , and her hair tousled as if he had been running his fingers through it . 
 `` i did n't take it . 
 i moved it somewhere safer . 
 it 's right next to you , still in arm 's reach . '' 
 he gestured to her table , and she followed his movement before pinning her gaze back on him . 
 her eyes glowed in the moonlight . 
 he bit back a groan and shifted on his feet . 
 `` well , good night . '' 
 `` please , stay , '' she whispered . 
 he made it to the doorway , only to stop at her words . 
 his heart lurched in his chest at the words she spoke , and the feeling behind them . 
 to his ears , it seemed like she asked him to stay by her side forever . 
 no , only his foolish heart imagined hearing what it so longed to hear . 
 nothing more , nothing less . 
 idiot . 
 he returned to the bed and cupped her face in his hands . 
 `` i am . 
 i 'll be on the couch . 
 i 'm not leaving . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , please stay here . 
 in my bed . '' 
 surprise racked over him at her words , followed by a jolt of lust so strong he thought he might double over from it . 
 he wasted no time removing his shirt and smiled as he noted her swift intake of breath . 
 it seemed only fair she be as turned on by him as he was by her . 
 climbing into bed , he saw the desire burning in her eyes and fought down the answering surge in him . 
 he grew hard as she scooted back against him , her soft bu ** ocks teasing his erection . 
 she would n't turn him away if he persisted , but he knew now would n't be the right time for seduction . 
 she 'd been worn down by exhaustion . 
 he could n't take advantage of her . 
 no matter how much he longed to rip her clothes from her body and bury himself inside her welcoming warmth . 
 bloody hell , it 's going to be a long night . 
 she tilted her face to his and whispered , `` kiss me . '' 
 he swallowed past the lump that appeared in his throat and groaned at the answering twinge in his c ** k at her words . 
 he 'd love to kiss her . 
 everywhere . 
 he almost denied her the affection out of self-preservation , but in the end , the temptation proved too much to bear . 
 he crushed his lips to hers and plunged his tongue possessively into her mouth . 
 he briefly enjoyed the sweet taste of her , scared to allow himself more . 
 he tore away from her addictive mouth , closed his eyes , and counted to three before kissing her nose , and turning her away from him . 
 he buried his face in her hair and smiled as her fragrance washed over him . 
 mmm ... he could spend at least the next fifty years in her hair . 
 god willing , he would . 
 a little snore escaped her as he lay beside her , keeping watch . 
 chapter eight the next morning , sabrina awoke to see isaac 's blue eyes sparkling as he watched her . 
 blushing hotly , she smiled before burrowing into his open arms . 
 now that was a sight every woman should wake up to . 
 `` why are you staring at me when i 'm asleep ? '' 
 `` because i love watching you at any time of day . '' 
 `` oh , please . 
 i 'm sure i looked mesmerizing with my mouth hanging open . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` what really happened ? 
 did i snore or something ? '' 
 `` of course not ! 
 you slept quite peacefully all night long . '' 
 he was quick to assure her and even shook his head for extra measure . 
 perhaps too quick . 
 and too emphatic . 
 `` humph . 
 how 'd you sleep ? '' 
 she asked against his bare chest . 
 his chest hair tickled her nose , but she did n't care . 
 it felt too good to move . 
 `` wonderful , '' he quickly said . 
 `` mmm ... me , too . 
 thank you for staying . '' 
 `` anytime . '' 
 `` i have a question . '' 
 his groan at her words made her chuckle lightly . 
 `` yesterday when you were gone , connor mentioned something , and it confused me . 
 he told me you went after the mongrel because as the ` ruler ' it was your right and duty . 
 what did he mean ? '' 
 he mumbled something under his breath that sounded suspiciously like feeding connor to mongrels . 
 `` isaac . '' 
 `` it means i am , in a way , a king of sorts . 
 not by choice , but i have some talents that have relegated me to such . 
 the old ruler had grown corrupt-yes , it happens to enforcers . 
 we 'd hunted him down to exterminate him - '' `` you 'd kill one of your own just because they were being greedy ! '' 
 `` it 's more than that . 
 he lived the lifestyles of the beasts we hunt . 
 somehow , he found a shine who could mask the treachery under a spell , so none would be the wiser . 
 when the shine got caught , we discovered the truth , '' he explained . 
 `` what 's a shine ? 
 and what happened to it ? '' 
 `` picture a witch , but more powerful , and much prettier . 
 they 're extremely rare . 
 they 've been eliminated one by one . 
 they 're evil , cruel creatures . 
 the old ruler should have disposed of her , but instead got lured by her beauty and promises . 
 they became a team . 
 his perfidy became clear when i caught her in his private quarters . 
 we fought , and i won , at the cost of her life . 
 `` once the spells broke , i realized what had been happening all along , just in time to turn around to ward off his attempt to kill me . 
 he attacked me from behind . '' 
 his face scrunched up at the memory , and he glowered . 
 `` cowardly move . 
 we fought . 
 i won , and got named ruler . 
 mostly because i discovered his dirty little secret , and also because i have a special skill . 
 i 'm one of the strongest and fastest of my kind , but i also have a gift , or curse , of ... weather . '' 
 `` weather ? '' 
 she croaked in disbelief . 
 `` yes , when i 'm angry or upset i can cause storms ... thunder , lightning , wind . 
 it can be very dangerous . 
 when i first changed into an enforcer , i was a menace . 
 always angry and depressed over having lost amelia . 
 tornadoes followed in my wake . 
 vicious storms took down buildings , and even villages . 
 it devastated me . '' 
 he put his head in his hands , and his shoulders slumped . 
 he could control the freaking weather ? 
 wow , just ... wow . 
 she thought of the fight they had gotten into yesterday , and the crazy storm that followed . 
 the past few days had been unpredictable weather-wise , causing her and everyone else to scratch their heads in confusion . 
 and it had been him all along . 
 and inadvertently , her . 
 `` wow , '' seemed to be all she could say . 
 `` amazing . '' 
 he flinched . 
 `` it can be a blessing at times , to be honest . 
 i can make the wind blow a certain way to disguise my scent from the enemy . 
 or cause a storm in the middle of a fight to help beat my opponent . 
 but at the same time , it 's a curse . 
 i can get out of control , if i become too emotional . 
 if i do n't keep a tight rein over my feelings , it gets ugly really fast . 
 it can be dangerous to hang around me . '' 
 he stopped and looked at her . 
 `` if you 'd like me to leave ... if the thought of my powers scare you ... '' `` no , it 's amazing , truly ! 
 i do n't want you to leave me . '' 
 she threw herself into his arms , and he hugged her . 
 she added silently in her head , ever . 
 `` well , then , just try to get rid of me , '' he joked . 
 she pulled away from him and bit back a grin . 
 `` besides , this could totally work to my advantage . '' 
 he arched an eyebrow and asked , `` oh ? 
 how so ? '' 
 `` when i 'm not sure how you 're feeling , all i need to do is look outside . 
 no guessing involved . '' 
 he laughed , and she joined in . 
 `` i 'm so glad to help out . '' 
 `` hey , you men always complain women are moody and impossible to read . 
 i disagree . 
 it 's men who are impossible . 
 but this talent of yours can be my cliffsnotes . 
 i wo n't have to ask if you had a bad day , all i need to do is look out the window , '' she finished . 
 he gazed at her so intensely , she asked , `` what , what 's wrong ? 
 why are you staring at me ? '' 
 she quickly smoothed her hair . 
 `` nothing 's wrong . 
 you 're perfect . 
 absolutely perfect . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed her lips before hopping out of bed and heading to the door . 
 `` and now , you need to feed me , or a storm might come . 
 i get cranky when i 'm hungry - '' `` i need to feed you ? '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` sounds a bit bossy , if you ask me . '' 
 he grimaced and nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 but it 's proof i 'm telling the truth . 
 i 'm cranky already . 
 how about this ? 
 you come down , '' he offered , `` and i 'll cook you breakfast . '' 
 `` hmm ... sounds better . 
 and in the interest of being polite , i 'll even help . '' 
 he beamed at her . 
 `` perfect . 
 a joint effort . 
 i 'll head down and get started . 
 would n't want a storm to come . '' 
 eyes wide , she glanced outside , only to see the sun shining . 
 `` humph , '' she muttered as she followed him hastily out of the bedroom . 
 *** the next two weeks went by in a blur for sabrina . 
 isaac often remained by her side , leaving only for work . 
 every night he 'd return , and they lived a seemingly normal life-despite the fact isaac could n't be further from normal . 
 they cooked dinner together every night in her kitchen and spent the evenings sharing their pasts . 
 though his sounded much more interesting , in her opinion . 
 he had such intriguing stories about times she could only imagine . 
 he told her tales of wars , the fights and triumphs of time . 
 it never ceased to amaze her . 
 there were times when a natural storm came upon them , and she turned to him in her best wide-eyed innocent look , and exclaimed , `` what did i do ? '' 
 he 'd smile at her and say something along the lines of him not being responsible for every storm . 
 or , he 'd teasingly tell her he 'd gotten angry because she had n't kissed him yet , or she buttered his toast wrong , or other such silliness . 
 when nighttime approached , they went to bed and he pulled her into the safety of his arms , and she drifted off to sleep dreamlessly . 
 every couple of days , he left to run after one creature or another , and it disturbed her that so many of the mythical creatures existed . 
 not all of them were nearby , however . 
 isaac confessed he ran faster than any car drove , and so he often traveled far distances on foot . 
 even so , he would sometimes delegate someone else to do the battles for him and remain by her side . 
 she preferred the latter option by far , for she no longer liked being without him . 
 at all . 
 she 'd met quite a few more of his kind over the past two weeks as well . 
 they never ceased to amaze her . 
 there was derek , who had quite the impressive ability of being able to vanish into thin air . 
 and scott with similar talents to derek , but more powerful . 
 he could appear anywhere he wanted , at any time . 
 if he was in france and decided to go to sabrina 's house , he could open his eyes and be there . 
 isaac later told her he was the second-most-powerful enforcer . 
 and sheila , the only female enforcer she had yet to meet . 
 sabrina did n't know how many existed , but got the feeling it happened rarely . 
 sheila read minds . 
 she focused on one person at a time , but could be very useful in battles . 
 connor and she often sat together , sheila trying to read his thoughts as connor attempted to block her out . 
 they 'd laugh at each other 's efforts and restart trying to defeat the others talents . 
 sabrina thought they had something else going on between them , but isaac laughed when she mentioned her suspicions . 
 `` you women are always matchmaking , '' he 'd joked . 
 *** elijah watched sabrina and isaac cook dinner , and his jealousy felt so overwhelming he almost howled under the sheer force of it . 
 all he 'd been waiting for these endless years on his own was a chance at love . 
 a chance to have amelia in his arms once more . 
 instead , he watched as isaac laughed by her side . 
 kissed her . 
 and though he had n't seen it , he supposed isaac made love to her every night as well . 
 sometimes he wished the legends about vampires turning into bats were true , for he could fly up to her window and perch there all night long . 
 and isaac would n't be able to do a damn thing about it , either . 
 it seemed only fair , since elijah could n't do anything to stop isaac from screwing his long-lost love . 
 argh ... it 's maddening ! 
 if only he had gotten to sabrina first . 
 if isaac had burned in hell , instead of him . 
 or that he , elijah , were not so broken . 
 he turned away from the torturous scene of domestic bliss in front of him and melted into the shadows . 
 he did n't want isaac to see him , or isaac would come charging out into the night like a mama bear protecting her cubs . 
 and he did n't feel like a fight . 
 not tonight . 
 his body felt worn down . 
 beat . 
 yet his exhaustion did nothing to keep the memories at bay . 
 *** nothing warned him . 
 he heard no one approach . 
 one second he lounged happily in amelia 's arms , her skirts around her hips , and he inside her , and the next he flew through the air and crashed against an oak tree . 
 it swayed from the force of impact , and pain burst over him as his head collided against the rough bark . 
 what in the world had happened ? 
 he opened an eye , expecting to see isaac glaring at him . 
 instead , his fiancee crouched in front of him , taking in every inch of his features . 
 he groaned and rubbed his forehead . 
 his head hurt like hell . 
 `` lady harding ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 how much had she seen ? 
 `` we found you and your harlot naked , my lord , '' she replied . 
 bloody hell . 
 `` where 's isaac ? 
 i have to talk to him ... '' `` what about me ? 
 do you not have to speak to me , as well ? '' 
 `` lady harding , i am immensely sorry . 
 you have to know i never meant for this to happen . 
 we did not plan it - '' `` oh , it had to be an error of judgment , never to happen again ? '' 
 she smiled slightly . 
 he did not have time to waste soothing her . 
 he needed to find amelia and isaac . 
 he 'd tell her as quickly as possible , and find the ones he really cared about . 
 surprised to see the anger cross her face before he spoke , he faltered and said , `` no , my lady . 
 we love each other , and she will be my wife . 
 surely , things might be tough for a while , but i am certain we can work out something to help soothe over the legalities of such a match . '' 
 he broke off when she snarled , and his heart stopped in his chest . 
 bloody hell . 
 he stared at her in astonishment when she lifted him by the throat , his feet dangling in the air . 
 he pulled at her hands using all his strength , frantically trying to breathe , but she did n't budge . 
 he kicked her in the chest , and she did n't flinch . 
 he tried again-harder-in the stomach . 
 she bloody well laughed in his face . 
 `` wrong answer , lord stirling . '' 
 she threw him through the air , and he crashed into the ground , the thud filling his ears hurting him almost as much at the compact had . 
 this had to be a dream . 
 a hallucination . 
 maybe when he hit the tree earlier , he 'd lost consciousness and this would all turn out to be a nightmare . 
 yes , that had to be the case . 
 for none of this could be real . 
 he sat up cautiously , looking for any sign of louisa . 
 instead , he saw something that caused his heart to stop beating , and painfully accelerate in his chest-all at the same time . 
 next to him lay isaac , with his neck twisted at an unnatural angle , and unseeing eyes . 
 crying aloud , he bolted to isaac 's side . 
 `` isaac , blast it to all hell ... isaac . 
 answer me . 
 you can not be dead , oh god no . 
 please , no . '' 
 a frantic sob escaped him , and elijah hurried to check for a pulse . 
 thank god , he felt a slight pulse against his fingers . 
 weak , but there . 
 he needed to get dr. hamilton right away . 
 but what happened ? 
 why did he lie there with open eyes and a beating heart ? 
 his neck ... it had looked strangely twisted , had n't it ? 
 he carefully probed the right side of isaac 's neck , and finding no injuries , moved onto the left . 
 he gasped when blood gushed onto his fingers and leaned in to get a better look . 
 bloody hell ... there were two perfect puncture wounds on the side of his neck , oozing blood and foaming white pus . 
 what the hell could it be ? 
 louisa . 
 could she be some form of a demon ? 
 one that fed off men ? 
 no , it could n't be possible . 
 those things did n't exist . 
 he needed to escape her immediately . 
 `` isaac , i 'm going to get you out of here . 
 i will get you help , i promise . '' 
 a thud sounded behind him , and he whirled . 
 louisa lounged against a tree a few feet away , looking as if she had not a care in the world . 
 heartless traitor . 
 `` i apologize for our late arrival . 
 we had a wee bit of difficulty rousing ourselves . '' 
 she sent a pointed glance at his feet . 
 elijah followed her gaze , only to freeze in horror . 
 amelia lay at his feet , struggling to breathe . 
 a trickle of blood ran out of her mouth and down her cheek , and blood crept from her swollen nose . 
 `` help , '' she whispered . 
 *** sabrina walked isaac to the door , her body tightening in anticipation for the kiss she knew would come . 
 expecting the usual sweet goodbye kiss , she got surprised when he gripped her and led her back against the wall in one smooth motion . 
 he melded his body to hers and rubbed his erection against her . 
 hot desire pulsated through her , and she wrapped her legs around his hips , desperate for more contact . 
 they groaned in unison at their heated embrace , and sabrina tugged at his shoulders . 
 she wanted him inside her . 
 nothing felt more important to her at this moment than being filled by isaac as he plunged into her . 
 his hands skimmed her legs , tracing a molten path to her bu ** ocks , and he pulled her even tighter against his body . 
 she moaned in pleasure as his hands followed an invisible path from her hips to her br ** sts . 
 he cupped them and rolled his thumbs over her swollen ni ** les . 
 she moved wantonly against him and threaded her fingers through his hair , seeking something to hold onto so she would n't dissolve from desperation . 
 a boom of thunder exploded overhead , and he tore his lips away from hers . 
 he leaned his forehead against hers as they attempted to calm their raging bodies and catch their breath . 
 she moaned huskily and moved again . 
 satisfaction coursed through her when he moaned and moved against her . 
 maybe ... just maybe ... they did n't have to stop . 
 he seemed to think otherwise , though , for he put a firm hand on her hip to stop her tempting movements . 
 `` i better get control of myself before i attempt this again . 
 i 'd hate to have a tornado come and rip us apart while we were ... um ... busy . '' 
 she looked at him in surprise , and her mouth dropped open in shock . 
 `` has that happened before ? '' 
 she immediately regretted her impulsive question . 
 did she really want to hear about his sexual exploits ? 
 he flushed and refused to meet her eyes as he muttered , `` i would n't know . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` there 's been no one else since amelia . 
 no one else could tempt me , or even interest me . 
 believe me , i tried . '' 
 isaac gave a shrug of his shoulder and grimaced as he spoke . 
 he studied the wall at some random spot over her shoulder . 
 when she stared at him in silence , registering his words , he adjusted his tie , fixed his hair , and then hers . 
 all in a ten-second span . 
 and he did n't look at her eyes once . 
 he obviously did n't enjoy admitting his lack of sex life . 
 who could blame him ? 
 well , sabrina , i have n't had sex in over a hundred years . 
 no pressure , or anything . 
 and she thought it had been a long time for her . 
 yikes . 
 she put a finger on his chin , lifting his face to hers . 
 he studied her jawbone as if it held some secret code he alone could crack . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 she commanded him when he did not remove his gaze from her jaw line . 
 `` you have nothing to be embarrassed about . 
 got it ? '' 
 she kissed his nose , mimicking the gesture that never failed to melt her heart . 
 `` but until we figure this out , maybe you should put me down . '' 
 she grinned playfully and leaned her head on his shoulder in a warm embrace . 
 he rubbed her head and pulled her closer as he kissed her curls , and she fought the urge to wrap her arms around him even tighter in direct contradiction to her words . 
 he sighed and gave her one last kiss before he unwound her legs from his waist . 
 she did n't realize she still clung to his neck until he removed her arms , and chuckled . 
 `` need help standing ? '' 
 her cheeks flushed , and she glowered at him even as she leaned against the wall . 
 her knees were so weak she worried that not even the wall would be enough to save her from an embarrassing fall . 
 he laughed in delight at her lack of composure , and the glare she shot him should have made him collapse into a pile of ashes . 
 she must have overestimated the strength of said glare , because his smile widened even more . 
 `` if you 're done mocking me , you may go now . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he rushed out the door and shut the door firmly behind him . 
 she did n't need his superhuman powers to hear him snickering on the other side as he walked away . 
 she smiled in amusement at his laughter . 
 on anyone else , it would have come across as cocky . 
 on him , however , it seemed picture-perfect . 
 damn him . 
 *** a few hours and a lot of written pages later , sabrina sipped her coffee . 
 she 'd been productive , sure , but her mind never seemed to stray from isaac for long . 
 well , that hardly counted as top news . 
 he had been a constant in her life since the first dream . 
 her body quivered as she thought about the kiss they 'd shared earlier , the pure intensity of the embrace . 
 things had never gotten so heated between them as they had today , and sabrina knew the time had come to take the next step . 
 though he slept by her side every night , holding her close to his delicious body , they had yet to seal the deal . 
 but , god , she loved when he kissed her and held her . 
 she loved when he smiled , she loved-him . 
 sitting straight , she choked on her coffee . 
 her hand flew to her throat as she coughed and struggled to breathe , but even while not breathing , she knew it to be true . 
 she 'd fallen in love . 
 it did n't surprise her a lot , really . 
 he was the impeccable man , in almost every way . 
 hell , in every way . 
 who was she trying to fool , anyway ? 
 she suspected , as well , that he loved her . 
 and once she got over the shock of the realization , and the ensuing choking , really , it felt quite , well , perfect . 
 now , she had only to tell him . 
 excitement coursed through her as she planned the evening in her head ... strapless black dress , candles , red wine , and steak . 
 add in some red lingerie underneath and satiny-smooth skin would , hopefully , be too much for him to bear . 
 and the coup de grace : telling him of her love . 
 it would be flawless . 
 a knock at the door pulled her from her fantasy , and she walked to the foyer in a daydream-filled daze . 
 isaac would n't knock , so it must be connor . 
 she yanked the door open , gasping in surprise . 
 nope . 
 definitely not connor . 
 chapter nine the shock must have been clearly written on her face , because her sister asked , `` surprised ? '' 
 `` uh ... yeah . 
 marie , why did n't you tell me you were coming ? 
 not that i 'm not thrilled or anything , but ... wow . 
 are you alone ? '' 
 she craned her head to look behind her sister , seeking signs of anyone else . 
 `` yup , it 's my last getaway before this little guy comes . '' 
 she rubbed her rounded stomach fondly as she grinned . 
 fascinated , sabrina followed the movement and focused on her sister 's familiar face once more . 
 `` aww . 
 you look great . 
 come in , '' she invited , and made a sweeping gesture of her hand . 
 her mind spun in circles , amazed to see her sister in her house . 
 `` i figured you 'd be surprised . 
 i just really wanted to see you , and this house of yours . 
 i must admit , it is as gorgeous as you said . 
 stunning , even . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 yeah , i love it . '' 
 `` it looks so isolated , but i saw a neighbor outside . 
 where are the other houses ? '' 
 oh , do n't worry , that 's just connor . 
 he protects me from the evil vampire trying to kill me . 
 `` what did he look like ? '' 
 `` black and gorgeous . 
 and unbelievably tall . '' 
 `` sounds like connor . 
 he is ... yeah ... he 's a neighbor . '' 
 marie shot her a curious look at the stutter , and sabrina flinched mentally . 
 step up the game , sabrina . 
 this is marie , not some stranger who is fooled by a smile . 
 deciding to try anyway-what the heck , right ? 
 - she smiled . 
 it got her a skeptical look in return . 
 crap . 
 she almost groaned out loud at the mess she 'd found herself in . 
 the other enforcers , besides connor , would need to stay hidden , and isaac would have to stop spending the night . 
 the loss of his arms around her would hurt . 
 heck , it already did . 
 `` so , i assume you are staying here ? '' 
 `` if you would n't mind ... '' `` i 'd have it no other way . 
 i have the most comfortable bed . 
 you 'll see . 
 i , of course , will take the couch . '' 
 she held up a hand at her sister 's protest . 
 `` i insist . 
 my pregnant sister wo n't be sleeping on the couch . 
 end of discussion . '' 
 `` we could share - '' `` heck no . 
 last time you pushed me out of bed ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` i was ten , '' marie protested . 
 `` yeah , and you 're a lot bigger , '' sabrina gestured at marie 's protruding stomach , `` and have an extra person inside you . 
 you 'll take the bed , i 'll take the couch . '' 
 `` did you just call me fat ? '' 
 marie asked incredulously . 
 `` no , i called you pregnant . '' 
 `` i show up on your doorstep unannounced , and you give me your bed . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 she promptly burst into tears . 
 ah , the joys of hormones and jet lag . 
 `` shh ... do n't cry . 
 you 'll ruin your makeup , '' sabrina half-joked . 
 if anything would upset marie more than being called fat , it was smudging her makeup . 
 she pulled marie into her arms and reached around her sister 's stomach to pat her on the back . 
 `` there , there now . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm such a mess . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm sure you 're exhausted . 
 why do n't i show you the big , comfortable bed i told you about ? '' 
 she asked soothingly . 
 `` but i just got here . 
 i have n't seen anything yet . '' 
 `` yeah , but if you go nap for an hour or two , you 'll be more alert . 
 you 'll see so much more , i promise . 
 your baby needs a rest . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` well , maybe a little nap . '' 
 marie spoke through a yawn . 
 she followed sabrina silently to the bed . 
 sabrina bit back a gasp when she pulled back the sheets and saw isaac 's black shirt lying on the mattress . 
 she tried to nonchalantly ball it up before marie noticed the shirt , but failed . 
 her sister snickered and ripped the shirt from her hands . 
 `` sabrina hodges , has a man been sleeping in this bed ? '' 
 she lunged for the shirt , but marie moved it out of reach by holding it above her head . 
 marie stood five-foot-eight , easily towering over sabrina . 
 anger washed over her at the childhood trick . 
 she had hated it then , and hated it now . 
 `` marie , i am not above beating a pregnant woman , i swear , '' she threatened . 
 her sister lowered the shirt , smiling apologetically , but raised it before sabrina could snatch it back . 
 to her dismay , marie repeated this action three times before she got it back . 
 she glared at her sister as she clutched the shirt to her chest and fought the urge to bring it to her nose to inhale isaac 's scent . 
 `` so , he sleeps here , or what ? 
 do n't tell me you 're living together already . 
 i know you 're smarter than that , '' marie stated . 
 sabrina knew only one course to her sister 's interrogation . 
 pure denial . 
 `` of course not . 
 he spent the night once , only once . 
 it just so happened to be last night . 
 you barely missed running into him . '' 
 marie arched an eyebrow . 
 `` part of the reason i came out here is because i 've gotten a bad vibe from you lately . 
 you 're always so distracted . 
 you never seem to be listening to me , like you are in your own little universe , or something . 
 i 'm worried about you . '' 
 sabrina flushed . 
 perhaps she had been a bit preoccupied . 
 but certainly it was normal to be distracted when you found out the man you loved was immortal , and loved you over a hundred years ago ? 
 right ? 
 she thought so , anyway . 
 `` i 'm sorry , marie . 
 my being unfocused is n't isaac 's fault , though . 
 i 've been busy writing , is all . 
 honestly . 
 you know how distracted i can be when i 'm sucked into my writing . '' 
 liar . 
 `` now get some rest , we 'll talk later , okay ? '' 
 `` okay , but i want to meet this paragon of a man , and soon , '' marie grumbled while climbing into bed . 
 `` yeah , sure , '' she replied before closing the door and walking downstairs . 
 she could n't help but feel she had just escaped torture as she sat on the couch cradling her head in her hands . 
 she 'd missed marie . 
 god , she had . 
 but now did n't seem like a good time for a visit . 
 louisa lurked nearby . 
 close enough for the enforcers to sense , but smart enough to evade capture . 
 and to top it off , isaac would not be able to stay inside to protect them , so it left them even more vulnerable . 
 she 'd never hear the end of the tirade marie would throw her way if she knew he had all but moved in . 
 so , she needed to hide it . 
 and hide it good , darn it . 
 she ran to her phone to call isaac . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , isaac , we have a bit of an issue . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in two minutes , '' he said in a rush and hung up . 
 she sighed at his quick response and walked outside . 
 she had n't meant to pull him away from work , but if he 'd come on foot-and he probably had-he was already halfway here . 
 she might as well tell him in person , and maybe get a kiss or two to hold her over . 
 she paced across the walkway for a few steps before deciding to head into the woods for more privacy . 
 she did n't want marie to overhear them . 
 and besides , isaac could follow her scent . 
 she found a cozy clearing and sat on a stone to await isaac . 
 not long after , she heard a twig snap behind her , and she jumped to her feet , eager to feel his arms close around her and hold her close . 
 his lips were compressed , and his face shuttered . 
 she stopped in mid-flight to his arms . 
 `` it 's okay , nothing 's wrong . 
 i just had some bad news . '' 
 he did n't seem to hear her , asking instead , `` why are you here , sabrina ? '' 
 `` here ? 
 you mean in the woods ? 
 i wanted privacy . 
 what 's the problem ? '' 
 she asked in confusion , before an idea dawned on her . 
 `` oh , god , is there another mongrel loose ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i guess i 'm a bit paranoid after your phone call . 
 why do you need privacy ? '' 
 he quickly changed the subject as he ran his hand through his hair . 
 well , he 'd obviously been upset by something if he did that . 
 `` my sister decided to surprise me with a visit . 
 i have no doubt it 's because she wants to meet you , and see what 's going on between us . 
 she already found your shirt in my room . '' 
 sabrina sighed . 
 he cringed . 
 `` oh , well this does complicate things . 
 i 'm guessing she would n't like to see her sister spending every night with a man she just met ? '' 
 `` no , she would n't . 
 she 's already given me the third degree about how much time we spend together , and why your shirt is here , etcetera . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 `` yeah , shit . '' 
 he opened his arms , and she catapulted into their welcoming warmth . 
 heaven . 
 `` do i get to meet this sister ? '' 
 `` yes , she already commanded she wants to meet you , and soon . '' 
 she giggled . 
 he chuckled in return . 
 `` tonight , or should we wait until tomorrow ? '' 
 `` hmm , maybe tomorrow would be better . 
 make it seem like we did n't already have plans . 
 i 'll give her my undivided attention tonight . '' 
 `` ugh , i do n't like this . 
 can i at least sneak into your room at night ? '' 
 she laughed , and though he sounded like he joked , she knew he did n't . 
 and , god , she wanted to say yes . 
 `` you could try . '' 
 she waited until his eyes lit up before continuing . 
 `` if you enjoy spooning a six-month pregnant woman who kicks . '' 
 he groaned dramatically . 
 `` the baby or the woman ? '' 
 `` both ! '' 
 she responded . 
 `` so , if she 's in your bed , that means you 'll be on the couch ? '' 
 `` yup . 
 do n't worry , it 's a comfortable couch . '' 
 `` yes , i remember . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` i much prefer the bed , though . 
 so how long will we be forced to be apart ? 
 oh , i sounded mean , did n't i ? 
 let me rephrase : how long will your sister be visiting ? '' 
 `` i did n't get to ask her yet , '' she replied . 
 `` she was tired , and i wanted to let you know ... '' `` ah , well hopefully it will go by fast . 
 no offense or anything . '' 
 `` but what about louisa ? 
 what if she gets to my pregnant sister ? '' 
 `` connor will be nearby , like usual . 
 he 'll just have to practice being less visible , is all . '' 
 he assured her as he gave her a light squeeze . 
 `` it 's good for him to test his skills sometimes . '' 
 she breathed a sigh of relief and burrowed deeper into his muscular chest . 
 `` let 's go and get you inside . 
 i 'd rather you stayed indoors until we can hunt down louisa . 
 maybe tonight i 'll work on doing exactly that , since you wo n't be seeing me until tomorrow . '' 
 he frowned as his eyes took in every inch of her face . 
 `` i guess it would be a good thing to do . 
 but please , for me , be careful . '' 
 he smiled and kissed her nose . 
 `` i will . 
 i promise . 
 nothing will stop me from returning . 
 i want to attempt another experiment when your sister leaves . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows , and she giggled . 
 he 'd removed her worries over his safety for now . 
 but she really hated it when he left her . 
 really . 
 *** elijah jumped from the cover of the tall tree as isaac and sabrina headed back to her house , hand in hand . 
 watching their intimacy hurt more than he could imagine . 
 their closeness appeared more than physical . 
 it seemed like they were in love . 
 he had n't been gone that long , had he ? 
 isaac planned on leaving tonight . 
 elijah had heard him say so . 
 he would chase louisa-just as elijah had been doing the past few weeks . 
 elijah wished him all the luck in the world . 
 lord knew he 'd been chasing her shadow the past few days , to no avail . 
 and while he 'd been chasing the bitch , isaac had been lounging in sabrina 's arms . 
 bastard . 
 now , the tables were reversing , and isaac would be on the chase , leaving him to gather the spoils of war . 
 he loved sabrina , too . 
 he even loved her enough to let her go if it seemed to be in her best interest . 
 he had yet to be convinced it was , however . 
 he needed to see her . 
 soon . 
 it was unavoidable . 
 *** for purely selfish reasons , isaac did n't alert sabrina of elijah 's presence in the clearing . 
 he remained terrified that if she saw him again , history would repeat itself . 
 he did n't know how he would cope if she chose elijah over him-again . 
 jealousy alone did n't keep him quiet , though . 
 elijah posed a danger to her . 
 he 'd become a monster , a mockery of a human shell . 
 like you 're any better ? 
 well , he did n't want to drink her blood , for starters . 
 he turned into a monster , part of the time . 
 and , hell , part-time would always beat full-time . 
 damn it . 
 if she picked elijah , she chose to become one of them . 
 a monster . 
 she would also become his enemy , and he 'd be forced to hunt them down like the beasts they were . 
 kill sabrina ? 
 over his dead body-which would be easily arranged if he turned traitor . 
 he needed to keep elijah away from her . 
 and even more importantly , away from louisa . 
 nothing would stop him from keeping her safe . 
 nothing . 
 chapter ten marie woke in a much better mood than she 'd arrived in , leaving sabrina relieved . 
 she smiled , laughed , and investigated every square inch of the house excitedly . 
 after seeing the entire house , she asked if they could go for a walk in the woods . 
 the crisp fall afternoon breeze invigorated sabrina as it whipped through her hair , blinding her each time it covered her eyes . 
 by mid-afternoon , they strolled in companionable silence through the woods . 
 `` you 're quiet , '' marie commented . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 as a matter of fact , you 've been quiet for weeks . 
 ever since you came to england . 
 no , scratch that . 
 you 've been quiet ever since you met isaac . 
 so i could take it in one of two ways . 
 number one : you 're so enthralled by him you can think of nothing else . 
 and as such , are lost in daydream land . 
 number two : something 's wrong . '' 
 `` or number three : you 're a paranoid pregnant woman who needs to relax , '' sabrina teased . 
 `` honestly , marie , i 'm fine . 
 do i look hurt ? 
 depressed ? 
 obsessed ? '' 
 `` hmm . 
 well , you do look stressed . 
 like something 's bothering you . '' 
 `` nothing 's bothering me . 
 now relax and drop it , okay ? '' 
 they walked in silence , until she realized they were at the same spot isaac and she had been earlier . 
 sabrina paused to look around , suddenly unsure of their position . 
 something bothered him about this location ; she could feel it . 
 nothing appeared amiss , though . 
 they were in the forest , but in a spot that looked like it had been cleared , either by man or nature . 
 a bubbling stream ran nearby , making a calming sound . 
 something tugged at the back of her mind . 
 as if she should remember this place . 
 sabrina brushed aside her uneasiness and admired the autumn trees turning beautiful shades of red and orange . 
 in the spring , she imagined , the leaves would be a brilliant green , and the ground would be a landscape of budding flowers . 
 spotting a fallen tree nearby , she sat down and patted the spot next to her . 
 marie lowered herself upon the trunk while placing a supporting hand on her stomach . 
 sabrina sighed and laid her head on marie 's shoulder . 
 `` i know you worry about and love me , but i promise i 'm happy . 
 if there were something wrong , you know i 'd talk to you , '' she reassured marie . 
 except about isaac being an enforcer , and elijah being a vampire . 
 oh yeah , and this other vampire , louisa , wants me dead because i stole elijah away from her in another life . 
 and elijah wants to kill isaac , and vice versa . 
 but besides that , all is normal . 
 i promise . 
 marie sighed . 
 `` okay , i 'll let you off the hook . 
 part of me feared i 'd come here to find you miserable , alone , and ready to come home . 
 of course , part of me wished it as well , '' she said shamefacedly . 
 `` i miss you , bree . '' 
 she smiled at the use of her childhood nickname before replying , `` i miss you , too , sis . 
 i do . 
 but i love it here , and i 'm not leaving . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't apologize . 
 you have every right to be happy . 
 i just want you be careful , too . 
 do n't let this isaac guy in too far just because you are alone . 
 do n't let him fill a void you feel , simply because you feel it . 
 i know you are not the type to be alone . '' 
 marie put a hand up to stop sabrina 's indignant response , and she forced herself to bite back her angry denial and crossed her arms across her chest . 
 `` i also know you well enough to know you will latch onto someone you feel is right for you , even if he is n't , because you feel you should . 
 so please , keep a distance . 
 toe the water a bit , before jumping in . 
 for me ? '' 
 sabrina sighed in exasperation before she blatantly lied . 
 `` he 's not here every day and he 's not an obsession or a toy i 've acquired . 
 i like him a lot and that 's all . 
 really . 
 i 'll even let you meet him . '' 
 `` oh , really ? 
 when ? '' 
 marie perked up and straightened excitedly . 
 sabrina could n't tell if she feigned eagerness , or told the truth . 
 `` how about tomorrow night , if he 's free ? 
 we 'll all go out for dinner . 
 i thought tonight you and i could have some time alone , '' sabrina explained . 
 `` sounds perfect to me . '' 
 `` good . 
 how long are you visiting ? '' 
 `` three days . 
 i leave friday morning , '' marie stated . 
 `` gotcha . '' 
 sabrina sighed . 
 `` well , you ready to head back ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 this place is kind of creepy . '' 
 marie shuddered . 
 `` you think ? 
 i find it peaceful . '' 
 marie snickered . 
 `` you have changed . 
 let 's go . '' 
 were the changes really so obvious ? 
 *** sabrina fought off the butterflies attempting to overrun her stomach . 
 tonight , marie and isaac were going to meet . 
 she knew they would get along great , if marie let go of her preconceived notions . 
 she also desperately hoped any creatures , be they werewolves or vampires , stayed away . 
 that , she thought as she chuckled , was one side of her life she 'd rather her sister not see . 
 she yawned and rubbed her temples in aggravation . 
 she had tossed and turned on the couch all night long , getting little sleep . 
 geez , she probably looked like crap . 
 isaac would think she was a zombie and smite her on the spot . 
 she almost laughed aloud at the thought . 
 until she wondered if zombies actually existed . 
 a knock sounded at the door , and sabrina-who could feel marie 's eyes studying her every movement-walked demurely to the door to open it . 
 she longed to run into his arms and greet him properly , and see the answering yearning in his blue gaze . 
 it may have been one day spent apart , but it seemed like so much more . 
 `` come in . '' 
 she smiled at the mere sight of him . 
 who knew her happiness could depend so much upon simply being able to set eyes upon a man ? 
 fascinating . 
 her heart raced excitedly , and she felt her cheeks flush with heat . 
 he stopped at her side to give her a sweet kiss on the cheek and a hand squeeze . 
 `` hello , sabrina , '' he whispered in her ear , causing her to tremble . 
 gathering her wits about her , she turned to marie . 
 `` marie , this is isaac . 
 isaac , this is my sister , marie . '' 
 she swallowed a laugh when she saw marie staring at him with her mouth hanging open in shock . 
 freaking priceless . 
 isaac walked over to her and shook her hand . 
 `` hello , marie . 
 it 's a pleasure to meet you . 
 in the short time i 've known sabrina '' - he turned to sabrina and winked at her over his shoulder - `` i 've heard so much about you . 
 all good , i promise . '' 
 marie flushed and snatched her hand back . 
 though isaac 's back faced her , sabrina would be willing to bet a million dollars he 'd just unleashed both dimples upon marie . 
 `` nice to meet you , too . 
 i 've also heard quite a bit about you . 
 i 've been looking forward to meeting you . '' 
 walking to sabrina 's side , marie snatched her arm . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 `` ladies first , '' isaac replied . 
 `` you could have told me he looked so unbelievably gorgeous , '' she whispered furiously in sabrina 's ear . 
 she laughed out loud at the anger in her sister 's voice . 
 `` shh , '' marie exclaimed . 
 `` he 'll hear you . '' 
 he hears everything we 're saying , my dear . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 honestly , if i had tried to explain how incredibly hot he looked , i 'd have failed miserably . 
 nothing prepares you for that . '' 
 she made a slight movement of her head , jerking it in isaac 's direction to clarify exactly what she spoke of . 
 as if it were in question . 
 ha . 
 `` yeah , well , you could have at least tried . '' 
 sabrina looked over her shoulder at isaac , only to see him glowing with male pride . 
 `` besides , he 's not perfect , '' she whispered , conspiratorially . 
 `` no ? '' 
 she could almost hear isaac lean in closer to them . 
 `` he snores . '' 
 *** in the past few weeks , this restaurant had become a favorite of isaac 's and sabrina 's , and they were seated at their usual table . 
 soft candlelight flickered on the table and deep crimson curtains hung behind them . 
 the only difference tonight being that they were three , instead of two . 
 isaac motioned for marie to order first . 
 she opted for the chicken cordon bleu and caesar salad . 
 he arched a brow at sabrina , and she gave a nod of her head , probably imperceptible to anyone who did n't watch her as closely as isaac , and closed her menu . 
 `` and the lovely lady and i will each have the filet mignon , baked potatoes , and house salad with french dressing , please . 
 the steaks should be rare , on both . '' 
 handing the menus to the waiter , isaac noticed marie smirking at him . 
 he glanced at sabrina in confusion , and she shrugged . 
 she did n't have a clue what he had done this time . 
 all night long , marie had been judging him and questioning his every move . 
 she could n't believe isaac had n't snapped yet . 
 `` what , did i do something wrong ? '' 
 marie snickered and replied , `` yeah . 
 although the gesture is impressive in an old-fashioned kind of way , you ordered wrong . '' 
 she gloated . 
 `` sabrina eats her steak medium well . 
 you better get the waiter before it 's too late . '' 
 `` actually , marie , i 've discovered i 'm a rare kind of gal , '' she interjected as she grinned at isaac . 
 `` why settle for the normal when you can be rare , right , isaac ? '' 
 he laughed wholeheartedly . 
 `` why , indeed . '' 
 marie looked back and forth between them and glowered silently . 
 she muttered something under her breath sabrina could n't make out , but no doubt isaac could . 
 she kicked her sister 's shin in an attempt to remind her to be more polite . 
 marie , ever the drama queen , jumped and yelped loudly . 
 she glared at sabrina before turning to isaac with a plastic smile . 
 `` so , isaac , what do you do ? '' 
 `` i 've been fortunate enough to have acquired a rather large amount of real estate over time . 
 i have several properties spread out here and there , and i rent them out while i am not using them . '' 
 `` oh , and what else ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 they both froze at her icy tone , neither daring to look at the other . 
 `` i 'm not sure i understand your question . '' 
 `` well , you ca n't earn enough to support yourself by simply renting out a few properties . 
 i 'm sure you do something else , as well . '' 
 `` marie , stop it right - '' `` no , it 's okay , sabrina , '' he interrupted smilingly . 
 `` i just had n't understood what she asked me . 
 when i had told you that i own a few properties , i suppose i leaned a bit toward the modest side of my holdings . 
 the land i own would take quite a while to name off . 
 and , i 'd rather not , to be honest . 
 i 'd come across sounding boastful and arrogant . '' 
 `` oh ... well ... okay ... '' marie stammered . 
 her cheeks flushed , and she took a sip of ice water before settling back in her chair to cross her arms over her chest . 
 `` i also invest in real estate and am always looking for more opportunities . 
 i own a firm that buys , and flips , properties . 
 i 'm also involved in an organization that makes sure land stays open in farm areas , and we try to preserve national forests and such . 
 so , i manage to keep myself busy . '' 
 `` i 'd imagine so . 
 you sound like a busy man , '' she spoke begrudgingly . 
 `` i do n't know how you 've got time to woo sabrina in-between all of your other commitments . '' 
 `` oh , if i did n't have the time , i 'd find a way to make some . 
 your sister is one of a kind . '' 
 `` yeah , she is , '' she agreed . 
 `` you know , i 'm trying to find something not to like about you , and failing . '' 
 she laughed and met his eyes for the first time the whole night . 
 he leaned in and whispered with flair , `` well , i 've been told i snore . '' 
 they all chuckled , and the tension dissipated . 
 the rest of the meal passed minus any hitches , and they were driving home when marie stated , `` isaac , i 'd like to apologize . 
 i know i 've been a bit hard on you . 
 i tend to worry about sabrina , and i want to see her happy . 
 i can see now how much you care for her . 
 so , i just wanted to say i 'm sorry . '' 
 sabrina moved forward from her relaxed position against the back seat , straining to listen to the conversation . 
 she 'd insisted on sitting in the back , since marie got carsick so easily . 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive . 
 you were protecting your sister . 
 it 's an admirable quality to possess . '' 
 they stared at each other for a moment and grinned . 
 sabrina grinned as well . 
 now that is what i 'm talking about . 
 everybody getting along . 
 nothing could ruin this - `` do sit back , sabrina . 
 i 'd hate for you to strain your neck , '' marie said snidely . 
 she giggled , ruining the effect , and isaac 's musical laughter joined in . 
 bitch . 
 sabrina 's smile disappeared , and she pouted as they snickered at her expense . 
 she sat back to stare out the window at the scenery speeding by . 
 *** when they arrived home , marie winked as she got out of the car . 
 `` i 'm in need of a bath in your huge tub , so i 'm heading straight up . 
 have a good night , sabrina . 
 and nice meeting you , isaac . '' 
 `` nice meeting you , too , marie , '' isaac said . 
 `` night , marie . 
 i 'll be inside in a minute . '' 
 sabrina smiled at her sister , who walked to the door and unlocked it . 
 as soon as the door closed , she launched herself into isaac 's waiting arms . 
 he clutched her to his chest and , in an abrupt movement , swung her in a full circle faster than humanly possible . 
 oh , right . 
 he was n't human . 
 she grasped his shoulders and yelped . 
 he chuckled and gripped her hair , giving it a gentle tug so her head tilted toward the starless sky . 
 her gaze collided with his , and for the first time , she let the love she felt for him show . 
 he drew in a shaky breath , and his eyes darkened . 
 unable to resist the temptation any longer , she put her hand behind his neck and tugged until his lips touched hers . 
 once she felt his breath fanning her lips , she kissed him explosively . 
 her tongue entered his mouth in a bold movement , and she relished the moan she got in return . 
 longing shot through her body like molten lava , and , god , she burned . 
 of its own accord , her hand explored his taut body , her fingers trailing across his chest and down his abdomen . 
 she hesitated at his belt buckle before she slid her hand lower to cup his erection . 
 his penis had grown hard , and freaking huge . 
 he pressed against her in encouragement , and she massaged him and let out a breathy moan . 
 he groaned and moved against her , no longer content to stay still as she had her way . 
 he grabbed her hips and leaned her against the door , wrapping her legs around his hips and pressing against her core in need . 
 she dug her nails into his shoulders , demanding more from him . 
 she whimpered when he tore his lips away from hers , and he made a tortured sound that sounded inhumane . 
 `` damn , sabrina , you pick the most inconvenient times to get bold , '' he teased . 
 his voice sounded husky , and it made her want him even more , if possible . 
 crap . 
 but , unfortunately , he had a point . 
 they could n't make love on the doorstep while her sister sat inside . 
 `` sorry , '' she muttered . 
 `` me , too . 
 that you had to stop , that is . 
 we could go to my place , '' he suggested . 
 hmm . 
 tempting . 
 she 'd like nothing more than to go to his house , but knew she should n't . 
 her sister would leave after tonight , and she needed to exercise some control . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i should stay with marie , '' she said . 
 regret rang loud and clear in her words , and wind whipped her hair in front of her eyes when he sighed in return . 
 she pushed it away and chuckled . 
 he 'd enjoyed himself , if the wind gave any indication . 
 `` yeah , you 're right , '' he agreed . 
 yet , even as he did so , he sighed so dramatically that even marie would be impressed . 
 `` plus , i still have work to do . 
 i have to keep you frail humans safe from the big , bad monsters of the world , '' he teased . 
 she removed her legs from his waist , and he pulled her against his chest , apparently not ready to let go just yet . 
 his erection pressed against her , and she shivered . 
 the wind whipped around them as she clung to his shirt . 
 he must have mistaken her shiver for fear , instead of desire , for he soothed , `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm under control now . 
 and no one 's here , just us . '' 
 `` did you find louisa ? 
 or elijah ? '' 
 `` i know elijah 's been nearby . 
 i can sense his presence . 
 while hunting louisa , i found his scent , too . 
 so i think he chased after louisa , or vice versa . 
 he must have been trying to stop her from harming you . 
 they met up in the forest a few days ago , appeared to have had a fight and separated . 
 i 'm not sure where she went , but elijah headed back this way . 
 i have a gut feeling he 's nearby , though . 
 have you had any dreams ? '' 
 `` no , none . 
 just normal dreams . 
 no elijah or louisa . '' 
 his muscles relaxed under her cheek as he sighed . 
 `` good . 
 i hope it stays that way . '' 
 `` so , what are you doing tonight ? '' 
 `` i think i 'm going to scout around a bit more , see if i ca n't pick up a new trail . 
 i 'd like to catch up to louisa . '' 
 eagerness added a lift to his words , like a little boy looking forward to his favorite tv show . 
 men . 
 `` ca n't you just go to bed and watch a movie ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes heavenward . 
 his chest shook at his silent laughter . 
 `` sorry , but i do have to do my job . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i 'm more worried about you . '' 
 `` i 'll stay tucked in on my makeshift bed on the couch , safe as can be . '' 
 `` now that 's a picture i 'd like to see . '' 
 they both jumped when the door opened and banged against the wall . 
 `` you do n't have to stay out there like two teenagers scared of getting caught by their parents while making out . 
 come in , for god 's sakes . '' 
 marie 's hair looked wet , presumably from the bath she had mentioned going in for , and she 'd wrapped herself in a fluffy purple robe . 
 she had no makeup on and held a glass of water in her hand . 
 it became obvious they 'd been outside a lot longer than sabrina had realized . 
 they both looked at marie , then back to each other , before breaking out into infectious laughter . 
 `` sorry , marie . 
 i did n't realize how long we were out here . 
 i should come in , anyway . 
 isaac was just leaving . '' 
 `` yes , i am , '' he replied smoothly . 
 he shook marie 's hand and brushed his lips across sabrina 's cheek . 
 `` good night , ladies . '' 
 she smiled as she watched him trudge his way to the car . 
 his steps were slow and maybe even a little cranky . 
 she knew he hated driving and avoided it as much as possible . 
 he much preferred a more natural way of travelling-running . 
 he would groan when she asked him to drive her somewhere , and she 'd always laugh at his disgruntlement . 
 she turned to see marie watching her , her eyebrow raised and lips puckered . 
 `` sure you do n't want to chase after the car ? '' 
 `` oh , shut up already . '' 
 they went inside and locked the door behind them . 
 `` did you have to be such a bitch tonight ? 
 he 's a good guy . 
 i 've told you he is n't a loser how many times ? '' 
 marie held her hands up in mock surrender . 
 `` okay , you 're right . 
 take it easy , though . 
 i had your best interests at heart . 
 i had to make sure you are n't falling for the guy out of desperation . '' 
 `` if nothing else , one look at him can tell you it sure is n't desperation that attracted me to him , '' she pointed out sarcastically . 
 `` yeah , i can concede as much . '' 
 they both laughed , and marie sobered . 
 `` if you had told me how gorgeous he looked , maybe i 'd have understood your obsession a little better . 
 and maybe i 'd have not come out . 
 he 's definitely one of a kind . '' 
 `` yup , he is , '' she whispered . 
 uneasiness washed over her , and sabrina tugged on a loose curl . 
 marie had no idea how true her words were . 
 `` but i 'm glad you came out . 
 i missed you . '' 
 `` i missed you , too , '' marie said . 
 `` you guys are so weird together , though . 
 it kind of freaks me out . '' 
 `` how are we weird ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she bit her lip as she awaited the answer . 
 had marie , perhaps , picked up on something she should n't have ? 
 `` when he looks at you , it 's like he 's known you for years . 
 he seems to know what you 're thinking before the thought even crosses your mind . 
 just like an old married couple , who finish each other 's sentences . 
 he 's also very protective of you . 
 whenever you move , his gaze follows you to make sure there 's nothing new around the two of you that could harm you . 
 if you sigh , his eyes meet yours . 
 if you enter a new room , he positions his body around yours so he 's protecting you from all sides . 
 it 's like he expects the big , bad wolf to jump out at you and attack . '' 
 she ended , amusement clear in her voice . 
 sabrina got struck speechless . 
 she did n't know what to say to marie 's statement . 
 she had n't realized she and isaac were so obvious in their affection toward one another , and she could have slapped herself in the forehead for her ignorance . 
 of course isaac watched her like they had been together for fifty years . 
 he 'd already lived a lifetime with her-a lifetime cut short by betrayal and murder . 
 `` well , at least you know i 'll be safe around him , '' she joked . 
 `` i have no doubt about it . 
 i think he would manage to catch the big , bad wolf and tear him to pieces using his bare hands . 
 and you look at him like he 's the only thing that matters in your life . 
 but , what i wonder is how ? 
 it 's been a few weeks . 
 why is it like this , and so soon ? '' 
 `` he 's a good guy , '' sabrina said in defense . 
 her sister was way too intuitive for her own good . 
 thank the lord she would be leaving tomorrow . 
 `` he 's a good guy , yeah . 
 but is that a reason to look at him as if you need him to breathe ? 
 it 's just weird . 
 it 's too much , too fast , '' marie insisted . 
 `` ever hear of love at first sight ? 
 seen , oh , i do n't know , like one hundred movies about it ? 
 read a few books ? '' 
 sabrina scoffed . 
 `` but those are fake . 
 and they do n't involve my baby sister . '' 
 `` well , your ` baby sister ' is fine , and happy . 
 marie , i 'm finally happy . 
 i can see myself by his side . 
 i can picture a life with this guy . 
 do you understand what i 'm saying ? 
 i 'm letting myself picture it . 
 you , of all people , should know how hard this is for me . '' 
 sabrina finished on a whisper . 
 she 'd always had a hard time trusting men . 
 her former fiance , mike , had been a royal ass . 
 she had thought she 'd hit the jackpot , but instead gotten a virus-not literally , though it probably would have happened eventually . 
 he banged anything wearing a skirt-or not . 
 he 'd been an equal-opportunity-asshole . 
 but even knowing most men were not like him , she held herself back for years from her emotions . 
 no man had proven worth getting hurt over . 
 until now . 
 until isaac . 
 marie went pale and nodded . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i 'll relax . 
 i ca n't help but worry about you . 
 i love you . 
 i 've been your mom since our folks died . 
 it 's hard for me to let go . '' 
 tears shone in her eyes , and sabrina swallowed past the lump in her throat . 
 she hugged marie , unsure how to respond to what was said , but thankfully got saved from trying by her sister 's loud yawn . 
 `` i love you , too , '' she murmured . 
 `` and you 've done a great job . 
 you can relax now . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 `` i 'll try . 
 i promise i 'll try , '' marie assured sabrina . 
 chapter eleven she stood in the woods , once more enrobed in purple moonlight , and realized no wind rustled her hair . 
 utter silence surrounded her , but she could tell elijah watched her from behind . 
 she spun around to face him and froze at the sight of him . 
 she had n't seen him in weeks , so she took her time surveying him . 
 his eyes gleamed in the moonlight , his mouth pressed tight into a grim line . 
 he watched her ... no , scratch the last statement . 
 he glared at her . 
 oh , boy . 
 `` why did you bring me here ? 
 where were you ? '' 
 she inquired as she sat on a fallen tree and sighed . 
 he looked startled and replied , `` i went off to hunt louisa . 
 we fought and she ran away . 
 she 's still out there somewhere , but she is n't here anymore . 
 i ca n't find any traces of her . '' 
 `` are you ... okay ? '' 
 he snickered . 
 `` oh yeah , i 'm great . 
 never been better . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 she felt his pain as if it were her own . 
 he 'd been hurt when she had chosen isaac , as if he somehow sensed it had been decided . 
 he cursed and ran his hand through his hair in agitation . 
 he looked so much like isaac , she paused . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 you do n't deserve my anger . '' 
 he sighed loudly and sat beside her . 
 `` i always seem to lose my temper around you . 
 not the best way to win the girl , is it ? 
 sabrina , i 'm sorry about - '' `` shh . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 'm sorry i pried . 
 it 's obviously a sore subject , for both of you . '' 
 she did n't want to trigger an angry response from him by discussing what had happened at her house weeks ago . 
 and she certainly did n't want to discuss him killing amelia . 
 `` yes , but i should have known you 'd ask . 
 and i left because i had to chase louisa . 
 i did n't want to leave you , i swear . 
 i wanted to explain , to make you understand ... '' he stared at her , the longing clear in his eyes , and she met his gaze hesitantly . 
 the same love isaac showed her-and the same devotion-shone in elijah 's as well . 
 it hurt to look at him , to know she could n't return his love the way he wanted to . 
 she lurched to her feet , ready to flee back to reality . 
 `` i really should n't be here right now . 
 isaac would be upset if he knew . '' 
 `` does isaac already have such a claim on you that you must worry even about your dreams ? '' 
 he jumped to his feet to pace furiously , fists clenched at his sides . 
 `` you do n't know what it felt like , watching amelia die . 
 it ruined me . 
 it 's not a day any of us need to reflect upon , i assure you . '' 
 `` it 's okay , really . 
 i know enough , i do n't need to hear about it anymore ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` what did isaac tell you ? 
 how much of a monster i am ? 
 how i stole the only love of his life , the only thing that mattered to him in the world , and killed her ? '' 
 the last came out a growl , and she winced when he gripped her arms so tightly they throbbed . 
 her temper swelled and she leaned into his face to jeer , `` no , he told me what happened , and the discussion ended . 
 there were no lies , no drama . 
 no raised voices . 
 unlike now . '' 
 he let out a string of curses and released her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , again . 
 i just get so angry when i think of you two . 
 when i picture you in his arms , i get angry enough to snap , and i do . 
 unfortunately , it 's always seems to be at you . 
 it should be isaac , though . 
 he somehow discovered my plan to meet you at mcguiness . 
 i had n't even sensed him nearby . '' 
 sabrina cocked her head , confused by his statement . 
 `` what do you mean , he discovered about meeting me at mcguiness ? '' 
 `` in your dream . 
 i told you to meet me at mcguiness . 
 do you recall that night ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . 
 but it was isaac , not you ... right ? '' 
 `` it was me in the dream , but him in the daylight , '' he bit out . 
 `` oh . 
 so you 're telling me you 'd intended to be there , but isaac found out and beat you to me ? '' 
 sabrina inquired . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'd seen him go into the tavern the first day you saw him , and i knew he 'd seen you . 
 when he came out , looking flustered , i knew i had to act fast . 
 i could n't go in there to talk to you . 
 the risk was too great . 
 enforcers swim all over the damn place all day-even the homeless guy is on their payroll . 
 i watched you leave , and wanted to speak to you so bad . 
 but i did n't dare to on their stomping grounds . '' 
 zeke 's on their payroll ? 
 why , for the love of god , did n't he have a home ? 
 maybe it had been a front all along ? 
 `` wait ... you were the one i saw that day ? '' 
 she gasped as she remembered thinking she 'd seen a man in the shadows . 
 `` i saw you , but thought i hallucinated . '' 
 `` yes , it was me . 
 i wanted to come to you , but i did n't . 
 damn it . '' 
 he kicked a huge rock , and she watched it sail through the air and crash into a tree , denting the rough bark . 
 `` so i came to you in a blasted dream , and told you to meet me there when i knew it would be closed . 
 there 'd be no risk of running into isaac or his big oaf , connor . 
 but you would go to the familiar location , thinking isaac would be there . 
 and since you had n't met isaac yet , it would have been me . 
 i would be the one in your bed . 
 i would be the one you trusted . 
 not him . '' 
 she flushed as images of them in bed together played through her head . 
 `` how do you know he did it in trickery ? 
 maybe he just happened to show up . 
 he had no way of knowing you were planning the same . 
 and he goes there all the time . '' 
 `` i do n't know how he did it ! '' 
 he exclaimed in frustration , as he slashed a hand through the air . 
 `` all i do know is he 's a sneaky bastard who stole you away . 
 and now he reaps the benefits . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
 maybe he did or did n't do what you say . 
 but even if he did , who are you to judge ? 
 need i remind you what happened to amelia ? '' 
 elijah sucked in his breath . 
 `` touche . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you have so much anger in you , it 's hard not to fight back sometimes , '' she murmured . 
 this conversation had gone on long enough . 
 isaac would n't like this-not one little bit . 
 and , yes , she cared about his feelings . 
 how could she not , when she loved him ? 
 she cared for elijah , too , though . 
 which royally sucked , since he should be her enemy ... since he was isaac 's . 
 but , she felt a pull toward him , some feelings she could not shove aside . 
 his sadness struck her as if it were her own . 
 seeing him alone in the world hurt . 
 he needed a friend . 
 could n't she be that for him , at least ? 
 would it be so wrong to fill that position ? 
 `` anger over losing you ? 
 yes , i do . 
 anger over watching amelia die ? 
 yes , that too . 
 it eats at me , consumes me . 
 i breathe , feel , and live anger and pain . 
 it is all i know . 
 i ca n't stand knowing i have lost you-again . '' 
 `` you never had me . 
 i 'm not amelia . 
 you have to understand the difference here . 
 and i love him . 
 not you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she ended on a whisper . 
 `` you thought you loved him before . 
 i proved you wrong , '' he pointed out . 
 desperation rang out in his tone , and he leaned toward her . 
 his gaze bore into hers , beseeching her to give into his will . 
 `` that is n't me , elijah . 
 i 'm not her . 
 we are two different people , '' she insisted . 
 `` why ca n't you accept i 'm not your long-lost love , but only a woman who resembles her ? '' 
 `` damn it , sabrina . 
 you are her , and you belong with me , not him , '' he urged . 
 `` no , i do n't , '' she whispered . 
 she felt bad for being so blunt . 
 his love shone clear in his eyes . 
 but she loved isaac , and the sooner elijah accepted it , the better off they would all be . 
 `` elijah , isaac and i are close now . 
 i know there are feelings you have ... you 've confused me for amelia . 
 i 'm not her . 
 i know you think you care for me , but - '' `` i think i care for you ? 
 i 'm sorry , but that 's an understatement . '' 
 he laughed harshly and grabbed her hand to place it on his chest before biting out , `` do you feel a heartbeat ? 
 no ? 
 well , it used to beat for you , and only you . 
 if i had a heart now , it would still beat only for you . 
 `` why does your heart beat faster when i 'm near ? '' 
 he placed his hand on her chest , and she flushed when her traitorous heart sped up . 
 `` i can hear your heart beating from a mile away . 
 i hear it speed up as i come near . 
 i hear your breathing get faster as well . 
 especially when i do this . '' 
 grabbing her chin firmly , he crushed his lips to her passionately . 
 she cringed , afraid she 'd feel the same surging emotions she always had in his arms . 
 and to feel anything now would be the worst betrayal to her and isaac . 
 but she sagged against elijah in relief when she realized she only had some slight desire toward him . 
 but not love . 
 never love . 
 he was n't isaac . 
 he seemed to sense she did n't react as she had in the past , for he pulled back to look at her , shock and resignation in his eyes . 
 she , however , could n't help but be marvelously relieved . 
 elijah no longer had a pull over her . 
 for her , isaac-and only isaac-would do . 
 she smiled but flinched in guilt as she saw elijah 's distraught face . 
 she cupped his cheek , as she gave him one last tender peck on his lips . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you have to let me go , '' she whispered . 
 `` but , sabrina - '' his words were lost in the howling of the winds whipping in gale-like force around the two of them . 
 odd , it had n't seemed windy before ... an invisible force threw elijah backward through the air . 
 she heard a grunt of pain as he slammed into a tree . 
 unable to hold straight at the assault , it crashed to the ground . 
 elijah lay in a heap on the ground at the splintered base of the tree , unmoving for a split second . 
 leaping to his feet , he growled . 
 she turned to search the forest , but the furious wind whipped her hair in her face and the thunder crashing overhead told her with frightening clarity who lurked in the shadows . 
 isaac . 
 her heart lurched to a halt as she realized he had seen her kissing elijah . 
 he would be mad . 
 no , furious . 
 the dangerous storm attested to as much . 
 they were going to fight over her , and one of them would die . 
 oh , god . 
 `` isaac , no ! '' 
 she screamed too late . 
 he already soared through the air to crash on top of elijah . 
 he snarled and grabbed elijah 's head . 
 she gasped when she realized he tried to rip his head off . 
 the next step to killing him , she knew , would be salt water . 
 he did n't fight to teach a lesson to elijah-he fought to kill . 
 she rushed toward the pair and shrieked when isaac flew through the air and slid across the ground before colliding against a huge rock . 
 elijah straddled him and lifted his head by the hair to punch him in the face . 
 anger surged through her at the assault . 
 `` elijah , no . 
 get off of him ! '' 
 he ignored her , and his fist smashed into isaac 's face once more . 
 isaac struggled to free himself , but elijah 's grip proved too strong to break . 
 they spun in mid-air , defying gravity as each fought to gain the upper hand . 
 sabrina chased them once more . 
 damn it , why the heck ca n't i fly ? 
 `` i 'll ... kill ... you ... '' isaac vowed . 
 sabrina noticed his teeth glistened in the moonlight , much like elijah 's did . 
 oh , god , he 'd turned into a vampire . 
 she 'd never seen him in another form , besides brief glimpses here and there as he left . 
 which left him vulnerable-and he could die . 
 she had to make them stop this madness . 
 `` isaac , elijah , this has to stop , now . 
 get off him , elijah ! '' 
 she shouted as she bolted toward them once more . 
 oh , god , what if one of them got hurt-or worse yet , died ? 
 she had to do something besides shriek at them uselessly . 
 they came to a halt by an enormous tree , and she wasted no time in reaching them . 
 she was acting foolish , reckless even , to interfere in a battle between two immortals . 
 but she could not-would not-stand by idly . 
 she leapt onto elijah 's back and yanked his hair as hard as she could . 
 he hissed in anger , but did n't release isaac . 
 she tightened her grip even more , but he continued to ignore her . 
 she cocked an arm back and punched him as hard as she could on the side of his head . 
 he snarled in response , but continued to pull on isaac 's head . 
 isaac 's eyes were not on his opponent , but instead they focused on her . 
 and he appeared furious . 
 `` sabrina , get off him ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` and leave now . '' 
 she glared in response . 
 leave ? 
 not a bloody chance in hell . 
 she snubbed him as inspiration struck . 
 her puny strength did nothing to stop elijah , so she threw her hands over his eyes to blind him . 
 brilliant . 
 he roared and arched his back , and reached behind his back to rip her off . 
 caught in the heat of battle , he tossed her aside . 
 she cried out as her head slammed on the ground . 
 she lay in a daze , staring up at the starless sky . 
 black spots swam before her vision , and she gasped for air . 
 air agonizingly returned to her lungs , and over her desperate breathing , she heard a man cry out in pain before silence descended . 
 a shadow crouched over her , and she recognized elijah . 
 and isaac did n't come to her side . 
 oh , god . 
 is he ... headless ? 
 had he been a vampire still and therefore vulnerable ? 
 `` sabrina , i 'm so sorry . 
 i never meant to hurt you - '' `` isaac ? 
 where 's isaac ? '' 
 she shrieked . 
 he tensed and glared at her stubbornly . 
 `` where do you think ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i won , as i always did . 
 and always will . '' 
 pain flowed over her body , and she stopped breathing altogether . 
 he was dead . 
 elijah had killed him . 
 fury encompassed her , and she clutched her hands into tight fists before launching herself at him . 
 `` you son of a bitch . 
 i 'll kill you , '' she shrieked . 
 she raked her nails across his face , feeling the skin tear under her fingers and blood dampen them . 
 she pummeled his chest with her fists , even as tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 `` i hate you . 
 i hope you rot in hell . '' 
 he grabbed her arms and rolled her beneath him . 
 she shrieked in fury at his grip , and struggled to be free . 
 `` too late . 
 i 'm already there , '' he whispered brokenly . 
 chapter twelve sabrina gasped and sat upright . 
 she raised her fingers to her cheeks , amazed they came back wet . 
 what the heck ? 
 someone shook her , and she focused on her assailant , still in a daze . 
 `` oh my god , sabrina . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 you were having a nightmare . 
 you kept screaming isaac 's name and yelling at someone named elijah . 
 who 's elijah ? 
 what 's wrong ? 
 you were like a woman possessed . '' 
 then ... oh god , she remembered . 
 in an excruciating barrage , the memories assaulted her relentlessly . 
 she clutched her chest and gasped for air as tears welled in her eyes , and she moaned , `` oh no . 
 no , no , no , no , no ... '' `` it 's okay , you just had a dream . 
 calm down . '' 
 marie pulled her into her arms and patted her back in the age-old manner of someone trying to soothe a loved one . 
 even though she existed in full panic mode , sabrina took a deep breath and forced a mask of calm over her face . 
 one , two , three , oh god ... four , five , six . 
 okay , breathe again . 
 deep breath . 
 good job . 
 now , to get rid of my sister . 
 when she felt steady enough to open her mouth and speak coherently , she took one more deep breath . 
 she smiled tightly . 
 `` marie , i 'm okay . 
 i-i feel bad for waking you up . 
 please go back to bed . 
 i-i want to write this dream down before i forget it . 
 okay ? '' 
 she managed somehow to hold back the hysteria forming a bubble in her throat as she shooed marie up the stairs . 
 sabrina really wanted to pick her up and throw her into the damn bed . 
 god , could she waddle just a little bit faster ? 
 `` but what did you dream ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , okay ? 
 i had a dream about my book , and i need to write it down before i forget it . 
 it will make an awesome fight scene . 
 good night , '' sabrina called . 
 she slammed the door in her sister 's confused face , wasting no time before she sprinted down the stairs and into the kitchen to grab her knife . 
 she really needed to get a gun one of these days . 
 she burst through the door and into the night . 
 she made it halfway across the lawn before she tripped and landed on her knees . 
 damn it all to hell , she did n't know where to go . 
 clutching her stomach to ward off the pain , she stared sightlessly into the forest . 
 her throat ached at the tears she held back , but her mind felt numb . 
 isaac lay somewhere out there and she could do nothing to help him . 
 possibly headless and tossed in the ocean to dissolve away into nothing . 
 she wondered if elijah and isaac had felt this way that day in the meadow while louisa had ruined them all . 
 useless . 
 lying on the green embankment , watching their loved ones die ... oh my god ! 
 eyes wide , she leapt to her feet in determination and dashed into the forest . 
 she knew where to go . 
 racing through the forest , she did n't pause until she reached the clearing she had so often dreamt of . 
 no wonder why isaac had n't liked her being here in the light of day . 
 elijah brought her there in her dreams . 
 she stumbled into the familiar area and spun in a frenzied circle looking for isaac . 
 then she saw him . 
 he was lying motionless where he had landed in her dream , with his head on . 
 she rushed to his side , tossed aside the knife , and surveyed his bloody , pale face . 
 was he dead ? 
 wait , maybe he still breathed . 
 there ! 
 had his chest just risen ? 
 before she could investigate further , elijah stepped out of the darkness he had hidden himself in . 
 she grabbed the knife , jumped to her feet , and shoved him away from isaac . 
 he stumbled backward and caught his balance warily . 
 `` get away from him . 
 get away from us . 
 forever . '' 
 anger washed over her like a medicine , and it helped to keep the fear for isaac 's life away . 
 `` he 's been right all along . 
 you 're no good for me , for any of us . '' 
 he held his hands up with a comical bewilderment on his face and backed away . 
 `` all right . 
 all right . 
 i 'm leaving . '' 
 she turned her attention back to isaac and relief swelled over her . 
 yes , his chest was rising and falling . 
 he 'd simply been knocked unconscious . 
 he 'd changed into a human . 
 thank god . 
 `` he 's not dead . 
 he changed into human form when i threw you , and i took advantage of his momentary weakness . 
 he 's knocked out . '' 
 he spoke slowly , as if to an imbecile . 
 she kneeled beside isaac , unable to move . 
 he 's okay . 
 he 's alive . 
 elijah moved to her side and touched her shoulder . 
 she grabbed his hand and flipped him off his feet . 
 holy crap , she did n't know she still had those self-defense lessons stored away in her brain . 
 not wasting any time , she jumped on top of him , held the knife to his throat , pushing in slightly until she drew a drop of blood from his neck . 
 not satisfied , she drew back and punched him in the eye . 
 `` damnation , sabrina ! 
 knock it off , you little hellion ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 he grabbed her arms before she could punch him again and stared at her in horror . 
 she growled and fought to free herself . 
 she 'd kill him . 
 she brought her knee to his stomach and pushed as hard as she could . 
 this earned her a grunt , and a change of position . 
 he tackled her so all her limbs were useless , and she could only squirm in an attempt to be free , the knife rendered useless by his clutch on her wrist . 
 the look on his face would have been comical if she were n't so freaking furious . 
 he looked at her like she was a freak of nature-this coming from a vampire . 
 hah . 
 she struggled in his arms until exhaustion came over her , and she collapsed against his chest . 
 `` bastard . '' 
 she whispered one last attempt at hurting him as he had hurt her . 
 he laid his head against hers and hugged her to his chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 for scaring you like that . 
 i should have told you he was okay right away . 
 can you forgive me ? '' 
 sabrina pulled away from his embrace and looked back at isaac 's unconscious form , eager to see his rising chest . 
 instead of seeing him out cold , however , she met his gaze , her own widening in horror at how their position must look . 
 he watched them , fury evident in his eyes , and his body trembled from the force of his rage . 
 he snarled and sabrina realized he intended to fight elijah again . 
 she cried out and ripped away from elijah to fling herself across isaac 's chest . 
 `` isaac , please do n't ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 isaac growled and vowed , `` i 'll kill you . '' 
 `` isaac - '' elijah began as he reached out to pull sabrina off of isaac , presumably worried that his brother could n't control his temper in his current state of fury . 
 `` touch her and die . '' 
 isaac spoke through clenched teeth . 
 in one nimble movement , he stood on his feet , ripped the knife from her hand , and swung sabrina safely behind him . 
 he held the knife out in a defensive position , and she fleetingly wondered if knives did anything to vampires . 
 `` i did n't want to hurt her . 
 i meant only to protect her , in case you were out of control . '' 
 elijah 's voice came out so quiet she could barely hear him . 
 `` i 'm not the one who 's dangerous to be around . '' 
 the slight emphasis on the first word made elijah flinch . 
 `` step back , and stay back . '' 
 she peered over isaac 's shoulder , her eyes fixed on elijah as she silently pleaded he give in to his brother 's demands . 
 she knew he must know what she asked of him . 
 no , what she commanded . 
 he stared at her in silent stubbornness , and she waited for him to acquiesce . 
 she had no question in her mind whether or not he would . 
 isaac , seeing where elijah focused , growled and stepped forward menacingly . 
 elijah took a step back and snarled . 
 `` i 'll leave now . 
 i just wanted to make sure you were okay , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm fine , no thanks to you . 
 do n't return . 
 next time , i will kill you , '' isaac warned his brother . 
 elijah stiffened and stared at sabrina one last time . 
 all his longing and desire were plain in his eyes . 
 and the look on his face ? 
 it would haunt her forever . 
 the despair in his face hurt too much to ever forget . 
 he gave a slight nod and left . 
 isaac turned to sabrina , his gaze examining her face . 
 he reached out to touch her cheek , and she flinched at his tortured expression . 
 `` you cry , but the question is , for whom ? '' 
 in surprise , sabrina raised a hand to her cheek . 
 she opened her mouth to reply , but he shook his head , compressing his lips . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . 
 not here , not now . 
 maybe not ever . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` isaac - '' `` no , sabrina , '' he said . 
 he made it sound like ... like they were over . 
 tears ran down her cheeks , and she blinked in an attempt to clear her eyes . 
 she swallowed heavily and struggled to keep up to isaac 's grueling pace . 
 when she stumbled and almost fell , he gripped her elbow and dragged her behind him . 
 she 'd hurt isaac , and now he might never forgive her , or trust her . 
 pain wracked her as she thought of all the things she could have-should have-done . 
 she should have slapped elijah , or not let him kiss her at all , or maybe woken up somehow . 
 she bit her lip , unsure of how to proceed . 
 if only he had n't come along when he had . 
 if he had come a mere minute later , she would n't have been kissing elijah . 
 oh god , it must have looked horrible from his point of view . 
 she must have looked like amelia . 
 damn it , she looked just like amelia . 
 isaac glared as he pictured sabrina in elijah 's arms . 
 he 'd entered the scene right when elijah had pulled her into his arms and kissed her . 
 his heart had dropped , yet he 'd held back in the shadows . 
 watching . 
 waiting . 
 hoping sabrina would pull away and slap him . 
 punch him , kick him in the balls . 
 something . 
 but instead , she 'd returned his kisses . 
 rage had taken over him until he could bear no more . 
 he 'd leapt out of the darkness , somehow changing into a vampire in mid-leap . 
 he 'd never done anything like it before . 
 it had always taken a great amount of concentration on his part to make the switch . 
 he usually needed to focus and concentrate to change , and to keep the change . 
 if he ever lost his concentration , he would change back into a human . 
 but this time , he 'd jumped at elijah , and in a split second , the transformation had been complete . 
 after his instant change , he 'd proceeded to attempt to kill his own brother . 
 bloody hell . 
 he 'd never felt such anger in his life . 
 hell , not even when he had come upon amelia and elijah . 
 this betrayal caused more pain . 
 it hurt worse . 
 if elijah had n't been quick enough , isaac would have killed him before even realizing he 'd begun to do so . 
 when sabrina had been thrown across the forest , his concentration had been enough for his transformation to slip-and gave elijah ample opportunity to knock him over the head using a rock . 
 he winced and probed the aching wound . 
 it still hurt like hell , damn it . 
 the next thing he had become aware of was sabrina in his brother 's arms again . 
 isaac wished he 'd killed elijah before they noticed he had awoken . 
 he cursed his damnable honor and kicked a rock as he continued to stalk toward sabrina 's house . 
 time to get away from here . 
 away from her . 
 he 'd become plagued by questions that would not cease . 
 had she chosen elijah over him again ? 
 would she even have cared if elijah had killed him ? 
 or would she be relieved by no longer having to choose between the two men ? 
 it would have nicely cleared the way to sabrina for elijah , removing obstacles from his path . 
 maybe isaac overestimated his pull on sabrina , though . 
 maybe he would n't an obstacle at all . 
 they arrived at her door in complete silence , and she bit her lip when he would n't look her in the eye . 
 `` isaac , please . 
 let me talk to you , '' she cried , putting her hands out in a pleading gesture . 
 she struggled to put her thoughts into words and must have hesitated too long , for he drew away from her both physically and mentally . 
 a cold mask covered his features . 
 ice-man returned in full swing . 
 `` sabrina , it 's late . 
 it 's been a long night , and i 'm going home , '' he mumbled . 
 isaac turned on his heel to go . 
 it became clear to her he would leave without allowing her to explain . 
 he did n't even want to wait until she 'd gotten safely inside behind the locked door . 
 this was bad . 
 really bad . 
 sabrina ran after him , but her weak legs refused to cooperate , causing her to fall clumsily to the ground , on all fours . 
 she ignored the pain and rage building inside her at alarming speeds . 
 she did n't have the time to be angry . 
 not now . 
 she swallowed her pride , and cried out , `` isaac . 
 i love you , and only you . 
 please come back . 
 just let me explain . '' 
 his back stiffened , and he paused . 
 hope washed over her . 
 maybe now he would return and pull her into his arms where she belonged . 
 he spun around , his face flushed bright red . 
 his widened eyes blazed so brightly , she recoiled . 
 `` you dare say those words to me now , in the face of your treachery ? 
 you dare ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` no , it 's true . 
 i have been meaning to tell you , i just - '' `` good night , sabrina , '' he interrupted curtly . 
 this time he did n't walk . 
 he ran . 
 she gasped and let herself fall to the ground as she watched him run away from her house . 
 and from her . 
 *** jesus , her voice would n't leave isaac 's head . 
 i love you , and only you . 
 talk about a punch in the gut . 
 he wanted to trust her . 
 longed to believe her more than anything in the world . 
 but not minutes earlier , she had been in his brother 's arms . 
 it made her declaration a bit harder to swallow . 
 maybe he had behaved like an ass ** le , bolting right after she declared her feelings , but to hear her say the words he 'd been longing to hear for so long had been too raw . 
 if she had told him she hated him , it would have hurt less . 
 how could she cling to elijah and turn and vow her love to him , and only him ? 
 he did n't know what to think . 
 all he really knew was tonight had turned out to be one of the worst nights of his life . 
 and it had been a long life . 
 he needed to get some sleep . 
 marie would be going home tomorrow . 
 he 'd use that as an excuse to go see sabrina . 
 and maybe he would talk to her . 
 but , truth be told , he dreaded what she had to say to him . 
 *** sabrina could n't believe it . 
 he 'd left her . 
 and maybe not for just the night , but forever . 
 she did n't cry , but instead watched the scene unfolding in a nonstop reel in her head . 
 her head had gotten stuck in replay mode , leaving no breaks in between . 
 maybe he had n't believed her ? 
 that hurt less than the possibility of him not wanting her love anymore . 
 a shadow fell over her face , and her heart leapt . 
 he 'd come back-he did still care . 
 no , no he did n't . 
 not isaac . 
 elijah had returned . 
 the despair clawed its way over her once more , but she attempted to hold it at bay . 
 she would n't break down . 
 not in front of him . 
 she closed her eyes tight , shutting out his concerned face . 
 she clutched her stomach , mentally steadying herself before she opened her eyes and met his gaze defiantly . 
 she searched for her knife , before realizing that isaac had run off with it . 
 son-of-a-bitch . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 have n't you done enough damage as it is ? 
 have n't we both ? '' 
 she asked petulantly . 
 he squatted next to her and brushed her hair back . 
 `` you should n't be out here alone at night . 
 there are things much scarier than me out there . '' 
 he motioned toward the dark woods behind them by tilting his head . 
 `` did isaac leave you out here , alone ? 
 or is he hiding somewhere , ready to pounce on me again ? '' 
 `` yes , he left . 
 big surprise , he did n't exactly want to talk to me after we left you , '' she said sarcastically . 
 she latched onto the anger : it felt far better than desolation . 
 `` thanks for that , by the way . 
 he now thinks i betrayed him , just like her . 
 i hate her . '' 
 rage crossed his expression before he looked away from her . 
 sabrina seemed to have found a sensitive area even where she was concerned . 
 he did n't like her insulting his amelia . 
 he closed his eyes , took a deep breath , and focused on her . 
 `` i 'm sorry for the trouble i caused . 
 but no matter how angry he felt , he should have seen you safely inside before he left . 
 he does claim to love you , after all . '' 
 she inhaled deeply at his words , and her tenuous hold on control slipped . 
 tears blurred her vision , and she bit her quivering lip as she choked on a sob . 
 `` i 'm not so sure he does anymore , '' she whispered and burst into tears . 
 elijah stared at her in horror , unsure of what to do . 
 or say . 
 `` oh , good god , do n't cry ! '' 
 he exclaimed in horror . 
 he reached out to pull her in his arms , but hesitated at the glare she shot him . 
 he cursed and yanked her into his arms anyway . 
 she did n't have the energy to fight him , so she let him smooth the damp hair off her face and kiss her temple . 
 she knew she should protest at the familiarity , but did n't bother . 
 who cared any more , anyway ? 
 he carried her inside and went into the living room . 
 it probably should have surprised her he knew where she slept , but it did n't . 
 nothing surprised her anymore . 
 chapter thirteen the next morning , floorboards creaked overhead and sabrina groaned to herself . 
 marie woke up already ? 
 did the sun even come up yet ? 
 the creaking continued toward the stairs as marie began to descend them . 
 oh , crap . 
 do i look like hell ? 
 in a flurry of sudden activity , she ran her fingers through her hair to remove any twigs and rocks that would make it obvious she 'd been outside last night . 
 after removing all the debris she managed to get her fingers on , she lay back down on the couch to pull the blanket over her head . 
 please think i 'm sleeping . 
 please think i 'm - the scratchy wool blanket tickled her nose , and she scrunched it in an attempt to ease the itch . 
 marie ripped the covers off of her head , down to her hips . 
 forgetting to look freshly awoken , she glowered at her sister in resentment . 
 `` you never were capable of faking sleep . 
 give it up , already , '' she said smugly . 
 she placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` that was rude , even for you , '' sabrina grumbled . 
 `` well , i do have a plane to catch today ... '' sabrina sat upright and gasped . 
 `` oh my god , already ? 
 what time , again ? '' 
 `` we have to leave in an hour , '' marie responded in a slow voice . 
 `` crap . 
 let me go hop in the shower . '' 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yup , i just forgot . 
 i 'll get ready real fast so we can spend some time together before you go . 
 all i need is five minutes . '' 
 she sprinted up the wooden steps to the bathroom , and made quick work of brushing her teeth and showering . 
 she threw her hair in a messy ponytail and dressed in a black shirt and black yoga pants . 
 it suited her today . 
 it matched her dark mood , she concluded , as she nodded in the mirror . 
 miss daisy sunshine , i am . 
 she ran downstairs and accepted the coffee her sister held out to her . 
 `` thanks , '' she mumbled . 
 `` do i look as tired as i feel ? '' 
 `` worse , probably . 
 you had quite the nightmare , huh ? 
 i thought someone was killing you . '' 
 she cringed and cursed herself for mentioning her lack of sleep . 
 `` sorry , i have nightmares when i 'm writing . 
 i should have warned you . 
 i tend to blend my book into real life . 
 after you went to bed , i calmed down , '' she lied . 
 `` i wrote down the scene , and went back to sleep . '' 
 marie raised an eyebrow and asked , `` is isaac in your book ? 
 and who , exactly , is elijah ? '' 
 `` no , isaac is n't in it . 
 but elijah is a character in my book . 
 in my dream , elijah tried to kill isaac , and it upset me . 
 it 's all silly , in the light of day . '' 
 she plastered as much of a smile as she could manage on her face . 
 hopefully , she did n't look demented . 
 now she 'd have to add an elijah to her book , or tell marie she 'd changed the name . 
 great . 
 `` yeah ... silly , '' marie agreed . 
 sabrina could hear the confusion in her sister 's voice , but also knew that though her story did n't quite add up , marie could n't guess the truth . 
 it was too damn unbelievable . 
 `` really , do you think i 'm an idiot ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she groaned and buried her head in her hands . 
 `` please , for once can you just let it be ? '' 
 some of the desperation in her voice must have gotten to marie , for she floundered for a good ten seconds , opening her mouth and closing it as she shook her head . 
 sabrina watched as her sister battled every instinct that screamed at her to question sabrina further , and won . 
 `` fine , '' marie griped . 
 `` but this is not over . '' 
 her sister 's eyes probed hers , silently asking to be told of the secrets she kept . 
 sabrina returned the stare , content in the knowledge she would not find the answers she sought . 
 `` fine . 
 question me all you want tomorrow when you 're home . 
 but for now , please , just enjoy the last few minutes we have ? '' 
 deciding upon a quick change of subject , sabrina asked , `` so , are you all packed ? '' 
 `` yeah , i woke up early . 
 i miss sam . 
 and my husband , of course . '' 
 excitement shone in her sister 's eyes , and sabrina fought back the pain that coursed through her . 
 she had nothing to be excited about any longer . 
 `` but i miss my baby more . '' 
 `` i bet . 
 she 's growing so big . 
 those pictures you showed me are adorable . 
 i 'll have to come out to visit , once my nephew makes an appearance . '' 
 she reached out a hand and rubbed marie 's protruding stomach . 
 she gasped in awe when she got kicked in her palm . 
 she laughed and forgot for a brief moment about isaac . 
 very brief . 
 `` you made him excited , see ? 
 he ca n't wait for his favorite aunt to come visit him . '' 
 `` i 'm his only aunt , '' sabrina teased . 
 `` inconsequential . '' 
 she met marie 's eyes , and they each smiled . 
 a knock on the door caused them both to jump in alarm and grin at the other 's show of surprise . 
 sabrina trudged to the door with a racing heart and trembling legs . 
 she could n't help but feel like a prisoner walking to her execution . 
 she feared it was him , and yet dreaded that it would n't be . 
 wiping her sweaty palms on her pants , she took a deep breath and opened the door . 
 isaac 's lips were compressed , and his brow furrowed , but damn it , he looked as gorgeous as ever . 
 his searching gaze roamed over her face , seemingly taking in every little detail , until she glared at him in frustration . 
 he flushed and shifted on his feet . 
 he looked away from her to focus upon marie , who had come up behind her . 
 what the hell was he thinking ? 
 why did it have to be so hard to figure out his feelings ? 
 was he mad ? 
 angry ? 
 betrayed ? 
 or did he not care anymore ? 
 he hid them too damn well . 
 anger flowed through her blood like a drug . 
 well , screw him . 
 `` i came to say goodbye . 
 i knew you were leaving early . 
 i hope i 'm not intruding . '' 
 his voice sounded warm , but sabrina noticed his clenched fist and his hard eyes . 
 `` no , it 's good to see you again , '' marie reassured him . 
 `` thanks for coming . '' 
 `` well , i 'll leave you girls alone , but i 'll talk to you later , sabrina ? '' 
 she stared at him in stubborn silence , unsure how to answer . 
 why did he want to talk to her , anyway ? 
 she did n't plan on agreeing to anything right now , thank you very much . 
 `` i 'm sure she 'd like that , right , sabrina ? '' 
 marie nudged sabrina 's calf using the tip of her foot . 
 sabrina glared at her sister wordlessly , who shrugged in confusion , and turned to isaac to explain further . 
 `` she had a rough night last night . 
 she is n't herself . 
 do n't mind her . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yeah , she had a bad dream , '' she stated . 
 `` you do n't know anything about that , though , do you , isaac ? '' 
 she asked slyly . 
 isaac looked from marie to sabrina in confusion , and sabrina lifted a shoulder in response . 
 she had no idea what her sister had gotten into now . 
 and she did n't give a damn either . 
 `` um , no i did n't , '' he stammered . 
 shifting on his feet , he looked at sabrina for help . 
 she frowned in return and sighed in irritation . 
 `` let 's go , marie . 
 i could use some more coffee on the way , '' she said before stomping out the door and holding it open for her sister . 
 isaac motioned marie forward , collected her bags , and followed her out the door . 
 glaring at his retreating figure , she barely resisted the urge to throw her keys at his head . 
 but ... maybe she had a better punishment . 
 biting her lip to hide her pleasure , she followed isaac and marie to her car . 
 she waited as he said his goodbyes , speaking only when he started to climb into his car . 
 `` isaac , could you drive us to the airport ? 
 the traffic will be horrendous , and it will take forever . 
 hours , i 'm sure . 
 i 'm too tired to concentrate . '' 
 she added a big , loud yawn for marie 's benefit . 
 it did n't take much effort to bring one on . 
 her body barely had the energy to move , yet alone think . 
 but if isaac hated anything more he despised than cars , it would be traffic . 
 she almost cackled in glee at his disgruntled expression . 
 he glared at her before forcing a polite smile to his face . 
 `` certainly , sabrina . 
 anything for you . '' 
 he slammed his car door shut , stalked back to her side , and snatched the keys out of her hand . 
 maybe today would n't be so bad . 
 *** the silence in the car on the way to the airport sounded louder than a gunshot ... and just as uncomfortable . 
 isaac and marie chatted occasionally , but sabrina remained silent in the back seat , quietly basking in her revenge . 
 the ride proved to be as long as she 'd suspected because they hit rush-hour traffic . 
 sabrina could practically feel the impatience flowing off isaac 's tense shoulders . 
 she chose not to dwell upon the fact that his anger stemmed from finding her kissing elijah . 
 she much preferred to focus on her anger at his treatment of her last night . 
 marie glanced over her shoulder and sabrina forced a tight smile . 
 obviously , her sister sensed the tension in the air . 
 she kept glancing between sabrina and isaac , as if trying to see some sort of invisible sign on their foreheads that blinked , we fought , and here 's why . 
 eventually , even marie fell silent . 
 arriving at the airport came as a bit of a relief to all of them , sabrina suspected . 
 they exited the car , collected the luggage , and her and her sister walked side by side while isaac followed with the bags . 
 she felt isaac 's eyes glaring at her from behind and resisted the urge to look his way . 
 the anger that kept her going all morning no longer held her up . 
 the pain had returned . 
 she did n't want to look at him , terrified of what was-or was n't - in his eyes . 
 lost in thought , she got taken off guard when marie turned and said , `` okay , this is where you leave me . 
 security and all . '' 
 `` but we need to check your luggage ! '' 
 sabrina cried , causing marie to stare at her in confusion . 
 `` we just did , '' she said slowly , as if she were talking to sam , her two-year-old daughter . 
 `` you must have been so distracted over your sister leaving , you were in a daze , '' isaac said sympathetically . 
 his face softened , and he put a hand on her shoulder . 
 she almost cried at the tender gesture . 
 almost . 
 get a hold of yourself , sabrina . 
 `` i 'll miss you so much , '' she vowed . 
 she shrugged isaac 's hand off her shoulder under the guise of pulling her sister into her arms for a tight hug . 
 `` i 'll miss you , too , bree , '' marie whispered , tears in her voice . 
 sabrina turned to hurry away . 
 she became forced to stop , however , when she realized isaac did n't follow her . 
 a glance over her shoulder revealed he 'd been held back by marie 's hand on his arm . 
 `` go ahead , sabrina . 
 i just want to ask isaac a quick question . '' 
 she groaned , immediately on guard . 
 what now ? 
 `` marie , you promised to behave . '' 
 `` i am . 
 i want to ask him something . 
 i 'm being good , i swear . '' 
 marie smiled at her and motioned for her to walk away . 
 sabrina stomped away and leaned on a nearby pillar . 
 she glared at the pair and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 though she 'd give them privacy , she 'd be damned if she would n't watch . 
 isaac watched sabrina retreat to glare off in the distance before turning to marie . 
 what happened now ? 
 another interrogation ? 
 he hoped not , because he did n't bloody feel in the mood . 
 she smiled at him , and he returned the gesture in an attempt to look relaxed . 
 when he was anything but . 
 `` okay , what happened last night ? 
 you guys have a fight when you came over ? '' 
 she inquired . 
 `` i do n't understand what you mean . '' 
 confusion made his voice sharp as he reminded her , `` we did n't fight at dinner . '' 
 what the bloody hell is she talking about , anyway ? 
 `` last night , sabrina had a nightmare . 
 she kept screaming in her sleep , yelling your name , and sometimes the name ` elijah . ' 
 he 's a character in her novel she 's working on . 
 when i finally woke her up , she was still crying her eyes out , and kept repeating ` no . ' '' 
 `` hmm , sounds like a bad night . 
 no wonder she looks so tired . '' 
 he clenched his fists and gritted his teeth in an attempt to stay calm . 
 fucking elijah again . 
 god , he hated him sometimes , brother or no . 
 he forced himself to focus on marie 's words and to push down the anger for later . 
 much , much later . 
 `` well , after she put me back to bed like a child , she ran outside . 
 she does n't know i saw her , but she took off like a fire chased at her heels . 
 i wanted to go after her , but i had no idea what direction she 'd gone . 
 so i sat in the kitchen and waited for her to return . 
 i figured a pregnant woman wondering around in dark , unfamiliar woods is n't the best idea . 
 `` it must have been a while , because at some point i fell asleep leaning on the island . 
 when i woke up , you were carrying her inside . 
 i waved to you , but i figured you did n't see me since you did n't wave back . 
 you took her to the couch and held her . '' 
 his whole body clenched in fury , agony , betrayal . 
 she 'd spent the night with elijah . 
 after he 'd been up all night stressing over his words , and his actions , she 'd spent the night in his brother 's arms . 
 doing what , exactly ? 
 the thought proved too much to bear , and he bit back a curse . 
 marie stepped back as if she feared him . 
 well , hell , he probably looked pretty bloody scary to her . 
 he felt manic . 
 a loud bang of thunder shook the airport , and she ripped her eyes from his livid face to gape outside . 
 it had been cloudy , but dry , earlier ; now a storm gathered outside . 
 seeing marie 's distress forced him to take a deep breath as he plastered the most sincere smile he could manage on his face . 
 he had a feeling he seemed less happy ... and more maniacal . 
 isaac held his pleasant expression for marie 's sake , but not easily . 
 his whole body ached to be released from this sham-to howl in his fury . 
 elijah had brought sabrina into her home ? 
 had held her ? 
 what , had he waited for him to leave before swooping in and bringing sabrina inside ? 
 had they kissed-or worse , made love ? 
 he 'd gone to sleep last night feeling ashamed , as if he had wronged sabrina in his anger . 
 but he had n't misunderstood the situation after all . 
 she 'd chosen elijah . 
 he ground his teeth behind his smile and tightened his fists into balls . 
 i 'll kill him . 
 `` oh , no , '' she groaned . 
 `` i hope they do n't delay my flight . '' 
 across the room , sabrina 's eyes widened in horror as she hurried toward them , pushing her way through the crowd of worried travelers , eyeing the sudden change of weather . 
 if she so much as opened her mouth , he 'd snap . 
 time to end this conversation-now . 
 `` yeah , i left my windows open at home . 
 did n't realize a storm would be coming , '' he muttered . 
 `` sabrina and i are fine . 
 i feel bad i appeared in her nightmare . 
 i 'd hate to cause her to lose sleep . '' 
 he gestured outside using his hand . 
 the rain had stopped . 
 he glared at sabrina over marie 's head as she approached , and smiled when she faltered in step and paled . 
 yeah , your secret is out , my love . 
 `` wow , it 's calmed down already . 
 good ! '' 
 marie exclaimed . 
 `` what 's going on over here ? '' 
 sabrina demanded as she took a furtive glance at his face . 
 she paled even more as he glowered behind her sister 's head , only to smooth his face into a carefree expression when marie turned back to look at him . 
 `` nothing . 
 we 're done talking , '' he responded . 
 smiling at marie , he grasped sabrina 's elbow . 
 `` have a great flight . 
 you better get going now . 
 they 're starting to board . '' 
 `` yeah , goodbye you guys . '' 
 after one last curiosity-ridden look at them , she left . 
 once marie disappeared out of sight , sabrina turned back to isaac . 
 he scowled at her curious expression . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she probed . 
 he growled and dragged her behind him as he stalked out of the airport . 
 she had no choice but to run to keep up to his brisk pace , so it came as no surprise when she stumbled over her feet . 
 isaac caught her before she hit the ground but put her away from his body as soon as she steadied herself . 
 he did not want to feel her pressed up against him right now . 
 `` isaac , slow down . 
 i ca n't walk as fast as you ! '' 
 she cried breathlessly from behind him . 
 he did n't release his iron grip upon her arm or acknowledge her plea , but he did slow his speed by a fraction . 
 `` why do n't you just leave me the keys , and go away . 
 i can drive myself . 
 or do you enjoy growling at me too much to leave me in peace ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's exactly it , '' he snapped in response . 
 she dug her feet into the floor and refused to move another inch . 
 she yanked her arm hard , and he saw her clench her teeth against the stinging pain where his grip remained . 
 isaac steeled himself against her discomfort and growled . 
 no way in hell would he release her . 
 ever . 
 she arched an ironic eyebrow at him at the noise , causing him to flush and growl once more before leaning close to her face , nose to nose , and snarling , `` unless you want to make a huge scene in the middle of the airport , one that 'll probably bring along a storm such as you 've never seen , you 'd better follow me . 
 now . '' 
 as if on cue , a loud rumble of thunder boomed overhead . 
 she followed him , no longer attempting to speak . 
 thank god for small favors . 
 *** sabrina glared out the window of her car . 
 the scenery sped by way too fast , but the last thing she cared about right now was whether or not isaac got a speeding ticket . 
 as a matter of fact , she 'd love to see it . 
 except she 'd have to be near him longer . 
 and she wanted to get away from him . 
 now . 
 really , his actions were ridiculous . 
 if he wanted to be an ass ** le , why did she have to be forced to put up with it ? 
 could n't he just sulk off to some corner and pout like men always did ? 
 or go chase a mongrel or something ? 
 after a couple attempts at getting him to tell her why he 'd gotten so angry , she crossed her arms and vowed not to speak to him ever again . 
 always the drama queen , are n't we ? 
 but what had marie told him to make him so angry ? 
 he had n't seemed mad when he 'd first showed up at the house this morning . 
 if anything , he 'd looked worried about her . 
 but she could n't mistake the fact that he remained pissed him off . 
 when he shut off the ignition , she noted with surprise that they were already home . 
 she glanced at him , only to see him glaring out his window . 
 she cleared her throat in an attempt to get him to look her way , but only the tensing of his shoulders told her he heard her . 
 so , he wanted to play , did he ? 
 well , fine . 
 but she did n't need to sit here and suffer in silence . 
 she unbuckled her seatbelt , opened the door , and slammed it behind her before leaning into the open window . 
 `` i 'm done playing these games . 
 i 'm not a child , and wo n't be treated like one . 
 come talk to me when you grow up , okay ? 
 that is , if you ever do . '' 
 she grabbed her keys out of his hand and stomped her way to the front door , not caring if she 'd managed to piss him off even more . 
 she went inside , locked the door , and gave it a kick for good measure . 
 her toe throbbed in protest , and she glowered at the offending door . 
 for a brief moment , satisfaction at her fabulous exit made her smirk . 
 unfortunately , it did n't make her anger and hurt go away . 
 unable to contrive an easy way out of her predicament , she went to the kitchen and grabbed a glass of wine and her second-favorite knife . 
 next time she talked to him , she 'd demand her damn knife back , too . 
 damn it . 
 she stalked to the living room , placed both items on the table next to the couch , and sank into its soft cushions . 
 she settled herself comfortably into its pillows , and began her wait . 
 but what she waited for , she had no idea . 
 *** isaac watched her retreat , and gave a bemused shake of his head . 
 he knew he acted like an ass , but he had n't wanted to have a discussion anywhere in public . 
 or while driving . 
 and now that he 'd gotten to her house , he had no bloody clue what to do . 
 should he follow her inside and attempt to talk some sense into her , or would he be wasting his time ? 
 if she wanted elijah so bad , what gave him the right to say no ? 
 they could run off into the moonlight together and live happily ever after in the land of the eternally damned , for all he cared . 
 until enforcers hunted them down and killed them , anyway . 
 his fist tightened involuntarily at the thought . 
 hell no . 
 he just needed to show her how unsuitable elijah was for her , no matter how much she thought she loved him . 
 isaac loved her , and she could grow to love him , too . 
 she 'd forget all about elijah , given time . 
 and if not , well , he loved her enough for the both of them . 
 it would have to be enough . 
 it had to be , damn it . 
 he exited the car and made his way up the walkway to the front door . 
 he took a steadying breath and reached for the doorknob , only to have it refuse to budge . 
 she 'd locked him out ? 
 son of a bitch . 
 `` sabrina , let me in , '' he growled . 
 a slight shuffling sound came through the door . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 `` it 's me . 
 open the door . '' 
 `` who ? 
 i 'm sorry , but i must make sure . 
 you could be either elijah , or isaac . 
 so , which is it ? '' 
 which are you hoping for , my dear ? 
 teeth gritted , he snapped , `` it 's isaac . 
 let me in . 
 now . '' 
 dead silence met his ears , and he stared incredulously at the door as he wondered if she would actually refuse him entry . 
 he measured the strength of the barrier , computing where it would be best to deliver the force of his impact to crash it open . 
 within seconds of breaking it down-he 'd even backed up in preparation-she unlocked the door . 
 as soon it swung open , he pushed his way inside . 
 not a chance in hell he would give her time to change her mind . 
 sabrina studied isaac 's angry face and promptly walked away from him . 
 judging by his scowl , he did n't look any more agreeable than he had earlier . 
 if he wanted to talk to her , he 'd follow . 
 she 'd had enough of trying to explain what had happened last night . 
 it was his turn . 
 he sat beside her . 
 she turned to him and arched an eyebrow . 
 she did n't have to wait long . 
 `` were you planning on keeping me out ? 
 if so , i should warn you a simple door would n't stop me if i did n't want it to . '' 
 his chin jutted out in defiance , and his eyes glittered . 
 `` and the knife is useless , too . '' 
 `` maybe so , but it would still be damn satisfying to make you bleed right now . '' 
 she toyed with it in her hands , spinning it in slow circles . 
 okay , maybe she did n't want to actually stab him , did she ? 
 `` i did n't know you were going to be coming in , first of all . 
 you have n't been in a talkative mood today . 
 second of all , you once yelled at me for opening the door before i made sure it was you . 
 so i was being careful . 
 is n't that what i 'm supposed to do ? 
 and last but not least , i want my damn knife back . '' 
 he flushed and refused to meet her eyes . 
 score one : sabrina . 
 `` yes , you 're right . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i seem to be capable of doing nothing but yelling at you today . '' 
 he ran his hand through his hair and took a deep breath . 
 `` and the knife is at my place . 
 i 'll get it to you as soon as possible . '' 
 `` fine . 
 make it soon . 
 and yelling seems to be something i bring out in people , '' she drawled . 
 `` i 'm sorry , okay ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` is elijah here , hiding ? '' 
 she stared at him in surprise , caught off guard by the change of subject . 
 not to mention the loud clash of thunder shaking her house . 
 `` elijah ? 
 no , why would he be hiding here ? '' 
 `` seeing as you seem to have fallen in love with him , i figured he 'd be here to gloat . 
 well , he can come out , and i 'll tell him right here and now i - '' `` stop it right there , buddy . 
 first off , calm yourself down . 
 second , where did you possibly get the ridiculous notion i love elijah ? 
 did you think i 'd somehow mistaken the two of you last night when i told you i loved you ? 
 when you ran away from me ? 
 `` because , call me crazy , but a man who runs when a woman declares her love for him really has no right at all to even attempt to be angry over what he thinks is her love for another . '' 
 her voice shook at the force of the emotions inside her , and by the time she finished her tirade , she 'd poked him in the chest to emphasize her words . 
 isaac stared at her in a mixture of admiration , anger , and shock . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll tell you what i do know , though . 
 i know i found you kissing elijah . 
 i know we fought . 
 i know he pushed you and took advantage of my distraction to knock me out . 
 i know when i awoke , you were in his arms , again . 
 i know after i left last night , he came here . 
 that 's what i know . '' 
 when he mentioned elijah being inside her house last night , her mouth dropped open , and her face must have betrayed her shock . 
 `` how did you - ? '' 
 `` how did i know ? 
 oh , what a cute story . 
 you see , your sister told me all about the nightmare you had , and how you were yelling my name , and some stranger 's name . 
 whose could it possibly be ? '' 
 `` oh , knock it off , '' she grumbled . 
 she gripped her knees in an attempt to stop the shaking of her hands . 
 `` i remember ... elijah . 
 how ironic . 
 and after you sent her to bed , you left . 
 she tried to wait up for you , but alas , she fell asleep in the kitchen . 
 imagine her relief when i , being the loving man i am , carried you inside and snuggled you until you fell asleep . 
 is n't it abso-fucking-lutely heartwarming ? 
 `` but wait just a minute ... i went home last night . 
 i went to sleep worrying about whether you were okay . 
 so that means i could n't have been here , holding you in my arms . 
 which leaves only one other person who could have been . 
 i do n't think i need to say his name . 
 nor will i , '' he snarled . 
 she cringed , but glared . 
 `` maybe if my loving man had n't left me alone on the lawn , he would n't have left room for another to sweep in and comfort me . '' 
 isaac paled and whispered , `` what ? '' 
 `` did you really think i would just shrug and walk away after you left me ? 
 i told you i loved you , and you ran away . '' 
 `` you did n't even mean it ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 his clenched fists rose to his chest before he lowered them . 
 `` it was nothing but a lie , a guilty gesture at best . '' 
 `` oh really ? 
 you 're a fool . '' 
 `` i wo n't argue that . 
 just look where i 've ended up with you-twice now . 
 jilted . '' 
 she sucked in a deep breath at the way he could n't separate her from amelia . 
 for the love of god , what would it take to make these men see she was not her ? 
 tears filled her eyes , but she refused to allow them free rein . 
 she turned her back to isaac , swiped an errant tear away , and faced him once more . 
 `` now it 's my turn to tell you what i know , and you 'll sit and listen . 
 got it ? '' 
 he sat down , glared , and with an imperious motion for her to begin , crossed his arms over his chest . 
 gee , thanks . 
 `` i had a nice night with my boyfriend . 
 we went to dinner and came home . 
 i went to bed , smiling when i thought of him . 
 in case you 're confused , that 's you . '' 
 he glowered , and she smiled bitterly . 
 `` i fell asleep , and for the first time in weeks , i dreamt . 
 i dreamt about my boyfriend 's brother , who thinks he loves me . 
 i ca n't help but care for him , as well , though i 'm not sure why . 
 maybe because he looks like you . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 when a distant rumble of thunder accompanied his scowl , she snapped , `` oh , calm down . '' 
 `` calm as can be . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` let me continue . 
 i feel a pull toward elijah , but it is minuscule in comparison to the pull i feel to you . 
 i tried to explain this to him , but he got angry when i mentioned you . '' 
 her pointed look in his direction , she knew , spoke louder than simple words could . 
 `` when i tried to explain to him how much you mean to me , he decided to kiss me to prove me wrong . 
 `` yes , i should have slapped him . 
 yes , i should have said no . 
 but i 'll admit part of me felt curious . 
 would his kiss still pull me toward him as much as it once had ? 
 would his kiss make me forget you ? 
 i decided to let him kiss me , and i 'd find out the answers . '' 
 she watched him hesitate before he asked , `` and did it ? 
 make you forget ? '' 
 she knew it had to be one of the hardest things he 'd ever asked . 
 she put a hand over his clenched fist and squeezed . 
 `` no , it did n't . 
 his kiss felt good . 
 breathtaking , even . 
 but it was n't you . 
 he must have sensed the change , because he pulled away . 
 he opened his mouth to talk ... then he 'd disappeared , and you were there . 
 `` watching you two try to kill each other has got to be one of the worst things i 've ever seen . 
 it hurt so badly . 
 and i knew i could do nothing to stop it . '' 
 `` nothing but straddle elijah 's back and get thrown across the forest for your efforts , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i wanted to get him off of you ! '' 
 sabrina shouted . 
 `` next time , stay back . 
 i appreciate the sentiment , but your human powers are comparable to a fly landing on his arm . 
 you feel it , but it does n't hurt . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 she frowned at him and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` anyway , i 'll shut up again . '' 
 he mimed himself zipping his lips shut before he leaned back on the couch . 
 she glared at his show of drama . 
 `` so after i get thrown off elijah , i open my eyes to see him leaning over me . 
 i knew you would be there too , if you could , so i assumed you might be headless . 
 or worse-dead . 
 at this lovely moment , my sister wakes me up . 
 suddenly , i 'm back in my house , knowing you were lying out there somewhere and i did n't know where i 'd find you . '' 
 `` oh , sabrina . 
 i 'm - '' `` shut up . 
 i do n't want to hear a word . 
 so after i manage to get my sister off my back , i somehow realize why i always thought the clearing in my dreams seemed familiar . 
 it 's the place in the forest by my house . 
 it appears different in my dreams , but i thought the similarities were close enough to make it a feasible location . 
 i was desperate to do something to find you . 
 `` so i run off to the clearing , and sure enough , there you were , still lying on the ground . 
 i figured out you were n't dead , just knocked out , and i attacked elijah . 
 but he easily warded off my puny human efforts and tackled me to the ground . '' 
 `` you attacked him ? 
 are you insane ? '' 
 he asked in horror . 
 `` heck yeah , i did . 
 and it is n't the first time , thank you very much . 
 i gave him a black eye , too . '' 
 `` you gave ... a vampire ... a black eye ? '' 
 he questioned incredulously . 
 he swallowed hard , and she wondered if he tried not to shout or laugh . 
 yet again , his face proved impossible to read . 
 stinking ice-man . 
 `` i did . 
 now , where did i stop ? 
 ah yes , i wanted to throw myself into your arms when you woke up , but you glared at me , yelled at me , and left . '' 
 isaac grabbed her hands earnestly and looked into her eyes . 
 `` sabrina , i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just , seeing you in his arms , it brought back dreadful feelings . 
 hatred . 
 betrayal . 
 it was too much to bear . 
 when you told me you loved me , all i could think of was you and elijah , making love . 
 it hurt too much . '' 
 `` i did n't make love to him , '' she reminded him sternly . 
 `` i am not amelia . '' 
 her voice rose in frustration at the end of her sentence . 
 she tired of being accused of feelings she did not have . 
 it infuriated her . 
 she glared at him and stood up . 
 `` well , now you 've heard my story , and you can leave . '' 
 he gaped at her , clearly shocked . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` leave , '' she stated . 
 `` you 're kicking me out ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 the pain in his eyes looked so gut-wrenching , she longed to retract her words but did n't . 
 she could n't let him constantly mistrust her , and accuse her of betrayal . 
 it just would n't work . 
 `` yes . 
 it seems to me all you and elijah are capable of doing is waiting for me to betray you . 
 like her . 
 you 'll never realize i 'm not the same as her . 
 so , i want you to leave . 
 now . '' 
 it broke her heart to say it , but she needed him to trust her . 
 against all odds , he needed to know she loved him and would n't leave him . 
 `` just because i look like her , does n't mean i am her . 
 i love you , and onlyyou . 
 and because i love you so much , i wo n't cause you pain , or anger . 
 not even false feelings of betrayal . '' 
 `` sabrina , wait . 
 i understand - '' a shake of her head stopped his plea , and he stared at her finger pointed at the door . 
 `` it 's my turn to say we wo n't discuss this today . 
 maybe not ever . 
 go . '' 
 his shoulders slumped as he walked to the door , but he strode back to grab her by her neck and kiss her . 
 he clutched her so tight she almost could n't breathe , and he crushed his lips to hers with a desperation that called to her . 
 she almost crumbled into tiny bits and pieces of herself . 
 she clung to his shirt as his lips moved over hers , demanding a response . 
 when he pulled away , she gazed into his eyes , refusing to budge . 
 there were no words to be said , no words she would say . 
 he hugged her one last time , and she heard him take a deep breath before he cursed and walked away without looking back . 
 once the door shut behind him , she collapsed on the couch , put her head in her hands and burst into tears . 
 chapter fourteen isaac sat down outside her door , feeling curiously weak . 
 he needed to learn how to control his stupid temper . 
 and he needed to stop comparing her to amelia and unfairly judging her . 
 just because she looked like amelia did n't mean she 'd act like her . 
 no more so than he would act like elijah because they were identical . 
 the thought seemed ludicrous to say the least . 
 so why should her case be different ? 
 bloody hell , she was right . 
 he acted like an utter ass ** le . 
 even so , why should he expect her to pick him , instead of elijah ? 
 he 'd always been honest enough to admit amelia had been drawn to elijah . 
 from what he 'd seen , sabrina had felt the same irresistible pull . 
 is it actually possible through her love for isaac , she no longer felt drawn to elijah ? 
 he hoped so . 
 he debated returning inside to grovel for her forgiveness when he sensed elijah 's presence . 
 he hid nearby , and he seemed to call out to isaac . 
 as if he wanted to be found . 
 did elijah want isaac to kill him ? 
 or did he assume isaac would just let him go , since he was his brother ? 
 he focused in an attempt to pinpoint elijah 's location . 
 it looked like he waited at the clearing . 
 of course . 
 where the hell else would he be ? 
 *** elijah grew more desperate with each passing moment . 
 louisa hovered constantly in the area , and he had yet to track her down . 
 the time had come for them to have a one-on-one , him and his little brother . 
 the same brother who hated him so much , he wanted to kill him . 
 the thought depressed him . 
 hopefully , isaac would n't attempt to kill him again . 
 but if he did , so be it . 
 if isaac did manage to finish him off , his time in hell could be over . 
 sabrina had made her choice , and it had n't been him she 'd chosen . 
 he needed to be strong enough to step aside . 
 isaac approached from behind , and elijah spun to face his twin . 
 isaac had looped around to the south end of the woods , only to come in from the opposite side of sabrina 's house to approach . 
 `` there 's no one else here . 
 this is n't a trap . 
 i wish to speak to you . '' 
 he got caught off guard by isaac 's fist plowing into his nose . 
 he 'd seemed so calm , not as if he were ready to attack . 
 son of a bitch . 
 his nose throbbed , and he cursed . 
 just goes to show you can never trust appearances . 
 `` that 's for amelia , '' isaac stated before an uppercut to his left eye . 
 `` that 's for me . '' 
 he picked elijah off the ground and threw him across the forest . 
 he slammed into a tree and rolled to safety as the tree crashed to the ground . 
 `` and this is for sabrina . '' 
 `` sabrina can take care of herself , '' he muttered , remembering the punch she gave him . 
 `` she might be little , but the lady can fight . '' 
 `` it 's true ? 
 she punched you ? '' 
 isaac asked as he quirked an eyebrow . 
 elijah tensed then relaxed . 
 at least he had stopped the beating , if only temporarily . 
 `` she 's a hellion . 
 damn near scratched my eyes out-and gave me a black eye ! '' 
 he exclaimed in horror . 
 isaac studied him and threw his head back in laughter . 
 `` you , a vampire , brought down by a tiny human . 
 absolutely brilliant , '' he choked out over his mirth . 
 `` yes , bloody hilarious , '' elijah mumbled before arching a brow . 
 he winced when pain shot through his head at his action . 
 thank god he healed fast . 
 `` are you finished ? '' 
 isaac hesitated and replied , `` for now . '' 
 `` good , because as much fun as this has been , we need to talk . '' 
 `` sabrina is - '' `` sabrina is yours . 
 we both know it . 
 what i want to talk about is louisa . 
 she wants sabrina . 
 she is looking at duplicating history . '' 
 thunder crashed overhead , and the wind blew as isaac hissed . 
 elijah nodded before continuing . 
 `` yes , i know . 
 i 've spoken to her , and she made it very clear to me . 
 if we were to combine forces , your powers and mine , we stand half a chance of beating her . '' 
 `` combine ? 
 are you insane ? 
 i am the ruler of the enforcers . 
 the protector . 
 you expect me to team up with my enemy , who i am , by all rights and purposes , sworn to kill ? 
 do you know what will happen if anyone finds out i did n't kill you last night ? 
 or if anyone finds out i am here , meeting you now , and not trying to kill you ? 
 i would be hunted down , ostracized . 
 i would be , in short , one of you . 
 that is not acceptable . '' 
 `` not even for sabrina ? '' 
 `` especially for sabrina , '' isaac insisted . 
 `` the last thing she needs to see is me hunted down and killed . 
 she 'd try to stop them-to save me-as you saw last night . 
 she could get hurt . 
 i 'll not allow that . 
 we 'll have to discover another way to defeat louisa , because we sure as hell wo n't be working together . 
 we should never see each other again , unless it is a battle to the death . '' 
 `` you think i want to be a monster , isaac ? 
 you think i enjoy this life ? 
 this hell ? '' 
 `` you were a monster before you ever became a vampire , '' isaac swore . 
 `` you want to kill me ? 
 please , do it . 
 i wo n't even fight you . 
 just do it . '' 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 `` why can no one see i 've been there all along ? '' 
 elijah asked in exasperation before leaping on isaac . 
 they flew through the air clasped in battle and landed on the ground , elijah on top of isaac . 
 isaac hissed when rocks and twigs dug into his skin . 
 elijah smiled grimly and took advantage of the moment by slamming isaac 's head into the ground . 
 `` do it , isaac . 
 finish what you have been dreaming of all along . 
 rip my head off my body . 
 let 's go . '' 
 elijah even tilted his head to the side to allow easier access . 
 isaac stared at him oddly before he flung elijah off of his chest and jumped to his feet . 
 `` elijah , i 'm leaving . 
 stay away from me . 
 and stay away from sabrina . 
 just leave us alone . '' 
 elijah stared at his brother in frustration . 
 he 'd told isaac to kill him , yet here he stood , unharmed and untouched . 
 in a last effort to get isaac to return and end his personal hell , he called out , `` next time you break sabrina 's heart , you might not want to leave her outside . 
 you never know what kind of night creature will stumble upon a woman who is lying outside for two hours . '' 
 isaac stiffened and swung around to look at him . 
 he 'd gotten a reaction indeed , but not the one he wanted . 
 `` two hours ? 
 she lay outside for two bloody hours ? '' 
 elijah started and then nodded . 
 `` yes , she did . 
 probably would have been longer , but i got her and brought her inside . 
 so next time , see her inside before you leave her , please . '' 
 isaac glowered at elijah , and replied , `` there wo n't be a next time . '' 
 and he left . 
 elijah cursed and sprinted away . 
 he needed a good run to clear his head . 
 he ran until he reached the edge of the cliffs towering over the ocean . 
 he wished he could jump into the water and end it all . 
 salt water mimicked acid to his kind . 
 it would be painful , but at least it would be over . 
 unfortunately , when the devil made vampires , he 'd decided not to let them be capable of offing themselves . 
 he found this ironic , since suicide had always been a sin . 
 his existence was a sin . 
 yet , no matter how hard he commanded his muscles to move , to jump into the swirling abyss below , they would n't obey . 
 he 'd tried many times before , and he knew it would be useless to try once again . 
 but he still tried . 
 it was impossible to accept . 
 there had to be a way to get out of this hell , once and for all . 
 he had only to discover it . 
 *** isaac also ran , but to sabrina 's . 
 his mind had become overrun by thoughts of his brother . 
 he had n't expected elijah to be so miserable , so suicidal . 
 he 'd tried to make isaac kill him . 
 even though he killed vampires every day , he cringed away from the idea of killing his own flesh and blood . 
 if his people discovered he 'd had a prime opportunity to kill a vampire , yet did n't , there would be hell to pay . 
 elijah 's suggestion regarding teaming up against louisa made sense . 
 it would probably work , but it could n't be possible . 
 enforcers did n't trust , nor work beside , monsters . 
 it just did n't work that way . 
 he may as well go bite a human and join the vampire ranks , for that 's what would happen in the end . 
 he 'd be even worse than the average vampire , since he would have betrayed his own kind and their principles . 
 he shook his head to clear it of all thoughts of elijah . 
 when he got to sabrina 's , he listened for any signs of crying . 
 everything sounded quiet . 
 he leaned against the door , trying to determine if she was upstairs or downstairs . 
 apparently sabrina had been awaiting his return , because she opened the door at the first sign of his arrival . 
 he stumbled inside and quickly righted himself . 
 he tugged on his shirt and smoothed his hair in an attempt to appear natural . 
 he knew he failed . 
 well , that was smooth . 
 sabrina paled as she scrutinized his disheveled appearance . 
 hopefully , she 'd been too distracted by his uncharacteristic sloppiness to see his entrance . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm okay . 
 i just had a minor ... altercation . '' 
 `` connor told me he sensed elijah , and you had run off . 
 he 's in my living room , '' she said , warning clear in her eyes . 
 isaac craned his neck to find connor eyeing him . 
 shit . 
 `` connor , thanks for watching sabrina . '' 
 she scoffed at his phrasing , and he cringed . 
 he 'd hear about his careless phrase of words later . 
 if he got lucky enough to get a later . 
 `` did you catch him ? '' 
 connor examined him , seeking any signs of a fight . 
 in a pretense of setting his sunglasses down , isaac turned so connor would see his back . 
 sabrina gasped at his injuries , causing him to wonder at how bad they really seemed . 
 `` i did . 
 we fought , and he managed to get me on the ground . 
 i scraped up my back pretty good , and hit my head . 
 he took advantage and ran . 
 i tried to find him , but he 'd already left . 
 or he 'd blocked my abilities to find him . 
 i 'm not sure which . '' 
 connor stared out the window , and isaac watched his eyes scan the forest for signs of life . 
 `` i ca n't sense him . 
 i wonder why you could find him before ? 
 it 's like he wanted you to find him . 
 but why ? '' 
 isaac cursed elijah inwardly and forced a shrug . 
 connor being suspicious of his actions did n't bode well for him . 
 `` i have n't a clue . 
 but he 's gone now , and that 's all that matters . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me ? '' 
 isaac stared at him until connor jumped to his feet . 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 `` let me look at your back , isaac , '' sabrina stated . 
 connor seemed to relax at the physical evidence of an altercation . 
 thank god . 
 `` i 'll keep an eye out for any trouble , isaac . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 especially elijah , '' he added for good measure . 
 connor nodded and left , and sabrina rushed after him to lock the door . 
 isaac motioned her to wait when she tried to question him . 
 `` okay , he 's gone . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` elijah made himself traceable , and i went to him . 
 he wants us to join forces to defeat louisa . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` i said the only thing i could . 
 no . 
 if i were to join forces with a vampire , i 'd be betraying everything i stand for . 
 my people would turn on me , and kill me . 
 we 're enemies . 
 i ca n't form such an alliance . 
 it would n't matter to them if he 's my brother , or even if we were trying to defeat a more evil vampire . 
 `` i would become something worse than a vampire , i 'd be a defector . 
 they would search for me more avidly than any vampire or werewolf . 
 i would be the priority for all of my kind , the number-one objective to kill . 
 especially since whoever had the pleasure of finding me would become the next ruler , which is a bit of an added incentive . 
 and if you were beside me , you could be hurt . 
 if you were not , they could use you to catch me , and you could be hurt . 
 they are smart enough to know i would n't allow anything to happen to you . 
 i ca n't be around elijah . 
 it just is n't safe for any of us . '' 
 she stared at him in dawning horror . 
 `` oh my god , so if they knew you met him , and did n't try to kill him - '' `` they 'd kill me , '' he finished . 
 `` those are our rules . 
 the rules i have been required to enforce over time as well . 
 if we do not follow the rules , the waters become murky , difficult to navigate . 
 we would be lost at sea within moments . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 she put her hand on his shoulder and squeezed . 
 `` elijah has to stay away . 
 surely he sees it now ? '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 he ran his fingers through his hair and stared at her in determination . 
 she shifted on her feet , uneasy at the scrutiny . 
 now that the urgency of finding out what had been going on was gone , she remembered all too well why she had kicked him out earlier . 
 `` well , maybe you should get going . '' 
 `` sabrina - '' he pleaded . 
 `` what , isaac ? 
 what more could you have to say to me ? 
 i 'm certain it wo n't change my mind . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have acted the way i did . 
 i f ** ked up . 
 ca n't you forgive me ? 
 give me another chance ? '' 
 put so prettily , it seemed hard to say no . 
 but she did n't want to give in yet . 
 he 'd been wrong , and he damn well should suffer for a bit before she forgave him . 
 `` maybe someday . 
 but not now . '' 
 she shook her head and tried to pull away from him . 
 `` i need time . 
 and i think you do , too . '' 
 `` no , '' he insisted . 
 he yanked her toward him and stared intently into her eyes . 
 `` time away from you is never a good thing . 
 i need you , '' he whispered . 
 oh , god , he 'd pulled out all his cards now . 
 she 'd always been a forgiving person , always the first to let go of her grudges . 
 but this time , she really did n't want to give in , hence the reason she had kicked him out in the first damn place . 
 to resist his blue eyes pleading at her felt like more than she could bear . 
 seeking a respite from the force of those suckers , she spun him on his feet so she could study the wounds she 'd noticed earlier . 
 at least his eyes would be hidden , and she could maybe think clearly . 
 `` let me see your back . '' 
 she lifted his shirt and drew in a quick breath at the sight . 
 `` it 's gone . '' 
 `` yeah , remember how i told you we heal fast ? 
 exhibit a , in front of your eyes . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` how amazing . '' 
 she exhaled , running her fingers over his smooth skin . 
 the faded red marks that remained were the only sign he 'd ever been hurt , and even those disappeared before her eyes . 
 his muscles clenched as she trailed her fingers over his skin , and a stab of desire shot through her . 
 there were at least a million reasons why she should step away from him and kick him out again . 
 a million reasons to resist the urge to find pleasure in his arms . 
 but the need to feel his lips on hers , to feel him inside her , overcame all rational thought , and moaning at the torture , she pressed her lips to his back and wrapped her arms around him from behind . 
 she gently dug her nails into his taut abdomen and scratched his skin through his chest hair . 
 he gave a low curse and turned to grab her shoulders . 
 no sooner did his arms close around her than his lips were on hers in a thirsty need for satisfaction . 
 no longer was it an issue of stopping if things got out of control for them . 
 she could feel it in his kiss , and she could damn well feel it in herself . 
 this was n't about desire anymore ; it was a matter of life and death . 
 to live , they needed each other . 
 to breathe , she needed his kisses . 
 her legs buckled under the force , and he cradled her in his arms as they collapsed to the ground . 
 he gripped her hips to pull her against him before grinding against her . 
 she whimpered as liquid warmth flowed through her and settled between her legs . 
 they both ceased to breathe out of sheer pleasure when she wrapped her legs around his hips . 
 they ripped at each other 's clothing in their eagerness to be naked , for the erotic feel of skin meeting skin in all the right places . 
 the only sounds besides their harsh breathing were the sounds of clothing being torn . 
 as he ravished her mouth , she dug her nails into his shoulders and thrashed beneath him , desperate for something solid against her fingers . 
 the marks would be gone by the time they finished , so neither paid much heed to them . 
 his lips burned a hot trail from hers and down the side of her neck , where it focused . 
 she shuddered and grasped him even tighter . 
 `` isaac ... '' he tore his mouth from her neck , and she breathed a deep sigh of relief . 
 she could n't handle the wait ; she needed to feel him inside her now . 
 normally , she would be all about the foreplay , but if he did n't hurry the hell up , she 'd burst into flames . 
 lust licked at her in hot bursts , causing her stomach to clench and her legs to wrap around him in desperation . 
 when he pulled back from her neck , she thought her wait over , but he only teased her , as he kissed a trail of hot kisses to the other side of her neck . 
 she could n't take any more of this sweet torture , surely she could n't . 
 oh , sweet god . 
 his lips closed around her nipple , and she lost all thought . 
 she arched her back in frenzy , needing to get closer to his mouth , to give him free rein over her body . 
 his tongue bathed her sensitive nipple , and a jolt of liquid desire shot straight to her clitoris . 
 she almost came , then and there . 
 she 'd done this before ; she was no innocent . 
 but never before had it felt like this . 
 like she could explode at a single touch . 
 seriously , just one touch from him , and she 'd surely burst into a million pieces . 
 he moved to her other breast , and she trailed her fingers down his smooth back . 
 she skimmed her hand over his bu ** ocks and moved around to the front of his body to run her fingers over his tight abdomen , and smiled in pure satisfaction when his muscles clenched at her touch . 
 she heard him take a swift intake of breath when her hand closed around his hard shaft , and she moved suggestively beneath him while gently stroking him . 
 a drop of moisture gathered at the tip of his penis , and she rubbed it over the head of his shaft . 
 he groaned and crushed her lips beneath his again , plunging his tongue inside much as she would like him to do with his penis . 
 he positioned himself between her legs and threaded his hands through her hair . 
 triumph swelled inside her , and she pulled demandingly at his hips . 
 at the point of entering her body , he paused to look outside . 
 the wind howled , and the skies were turbulent . 
 he took a calming breath , uncertainty clear in his features . 
 oh , hell no . 
 they were n't stopping now . 
 she did n't give a damn if a tornado came and killed her while he came inside her or not-the time for waiting had ended . 
 sabrina grabbed his face in both of her hands . 
 `` focus on me , look at me . '' 
 he followed her command , and she stared into his eyes . 
 his desire burned as clearly as his insecurity , laid bare for her to see . 
 the world outside calmed as his breathing slowed . 
 `` i love you , isaac . '' 
 `` god , i do n't deserve you , but i love you , too . '' 
 he kissed her and entered her in one swift thrust , all the way to the hilt . 
 he filled her completely , stretching her as far as she could go , and she had never felt better . 
 any other time she had done this became a pale imitation of making love . 
 this man brought new meaning to making love . 
 it should always feel so good . 
 so right . 
 sabrina tensed , and widened her eyes as she instantaneously climaxed when he touched her clitoris . 
 the combination of him inside her and his fingers proved too much to bear . 
 and oh , god , he had n't finished . 
 not even close to it . 
 he continued to move in her as he stroked her . 
 pressure built up inside her again . 
 she would die . 
 but man , it would be the best . 
 death . 
 ever . 
 she cried out and met his every push as burning need encompassed her , the greedy need to feel more pleasure , to fall to pieces once more . 
 he cried out her name , and as she watched his face as he climaxed , she let go of herself and joined him , allowing satisfaction to overtake her once more . 
 lightning flashing illuminated her closed eyes , thunder boomed , and the house groaned under the force of the winds outside , but neither occupant noticed . 
 she was too busy staring at him in awe , and he did the same . 
 when they both crashed back to reality , she giggled as she realized a freak storm had wiped out the power . 
 apparently , the darkness that had overcome her during sex turned out to be more than a climax . 
 it had been a power outage . 
 isaac groaned in despair and hid his face . 
 `` oh , do n't do that ! 
 obviously , we did a good job if we caused that to happen . '' 
 she wiggled her eyebrows , but he still looked bashful . 
 `` do n't make me hurt you , boy , '' she warned . 
 she finally got a reaction out of him , even if it had come from laughter at her weakness . 
 `` now , that is a funny thought , '' he teased as his lips quirked . 
 his eyes were sparkling . 
 `` oh , you think i 'm amusing , do you ? '' 
 she jumped on him and tickled him , but only got a grunt for her efforts . 
 okay , not ticklish . 
 she studied him , determined to get a reaction . 
 `` i have other ways of torturing you , you know , '' she whispered in his ear . 
 her fingers trailed down his taut abdomen , and when he realized her intentions , he bolted into a sitting position . 
 she giggled at his reaction . 
 `` oh no , you do n't . '' 
 he gripped her wrist firmly and pulled it close to him , making her drape across his chest even more closely . 
 `` let 's give england a break from the storms for a little while . '' 
 he kissed the tender inside of her wrist and smiled at her . 
 god , she loved him . 
 `` we 'll figure it out , do n't worry . 
 we just need more practice . 
 given time , we can probably avoid the storms entirely , and instead it 'll be sunny out . '' 
 `` i do n't think you 'll ever not cause storms with me . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` the weather reflects my emotions , and how i am feeling at a particular period of time . 
 when i am inside of you , i do not feel sunny and calm . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` well , i guess i should n't strive for sunshine , huh ? '' 
 `` hell , no , '' isaac mumbled . 
 he tackled her beneath him and pressed his lips to hers . 
 when it started getting too passionate , she regretfully pulled her mouth away from his . 
 this did n't deter him ; he just kissed a trail down her neck , and suspiciously seemed to be heading for her br ** sts . 
 `` i thought you were giving the people of england a rest from the storm . '' 
 she breathed deeply as her heartbeat quickened and her legs trembled . 
 `` screw the people of england , '' he muttered . 
 a low rumble of thunder boomed in the distance . 
 `` well , in that case ... '' his moan matched the loud boom of thunder outside as she flipped him over on his back and straddled his hips . 
 `` let 's give them a show , '' she whispered . 
 *** the storm passed , and the sun shone brightly . 
 the weathermen of england were completely mystified , and even more so frustrated . 
 sabrina , on the other hand , had never felt happier , or more deliciously , perfectly , completely satisfied . 
 the lights flickered and turned back on , and she wiggled her eyebrows and asked , `` wan na go again ? '' 
 he laughed and smacked her butt . 
 he jumped out of her reach and declared , `` i need food first . 
 i would n't want to be found lacking due to hunger . '' 
 `` ow , that hurt . '' 
 she pouted as she lurched to her feet and rubbed her butt while grimacing . 
 it did n't really hurt , but if he thought it did , maybe he 'd kiss her to make it better . 
 she sneaked a peek at him , only to see him pulling on his pants with his back to her . 
 she sighed and gave up her show of pain , and dressed before following him into the kitchen . 
 as they prepared dinner , sabrina studied isaac as he strolled around the kitchen . 
 he wore only a pair of jeans , and every movement of his muscles taunted her . 
 she found it hard to focus on cutting boring potatoes . 
 he looked like much more fun to watch . 
 his chest muscles flexed as he prepared the steak with seasoning , and his arms contracted as well . 
 mmm , she 'd love to run her fingers over those arms , to kiss his chest ... `` here , give me the knife before you cut off your finger , '' he joked as he pulled it from her fingers , effectively ending her delightful fantasy . 
 she jabbed his shoulder with her finger , scowled , and asked , `` why are you always taking my knives away ? '' 
 `` why are you always carrying them , and not paying attention ? '' 
 `` hey , i 'm distracted , what can i say ? 
 it 's not often i have a half-naked immortal cooking in my kitchen . '' 
 expecting him to laugh , she got surprised instead to see him turn somber . 
 oh boy , here comes the talk . 
 crap , take a sip of wine , girl . 
 `` i 'm sorry for how i acted . 
 i have no excuse , except to say i love you so much . 
 sometimes my thoughts are nowhere near rational when it comes to you . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm sure i would have been upset if i walked in on you kissing someone else , too . '' 
 `` yeah , but for me to have left you like i did . 
 i did n't even stop to see if you got inside . 
 it 's unforgivable , '' he whispered . 
 `` really , it 's okay . 
 i did n't stay out for long . '' 
 she flushed when he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` or , it did n't seem long . 
 i honestly do n't remember . '' 
 `` i got told two hours . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she inhaled . 
 `` but when i came across the two of you , i have never been so angry in my life . 
 i felt ready to kill him with my bare hands . 
 even when i found him and amelia naked together , i did n't get so livid . '' 
 `` you were angrier over me ? 
 is it wrong of me to say it pleases me to hear that ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no , i think it 's fine . 
 natural , even . '' 
 `` good , because it does . '' 
 she kissed him and trailed a hand down his chest to rest upon his heart . 
 his heartbeat accelerated at her touch , and she smiled . 
 `` how about we make a pact ? '' 
 he drawled . 
 `` a pact ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 how about from now on , we only kiss each other . 
 at least , until one of us decides otherwise . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not gon na change my mind , '' she whispered . 
 `` you 're stuck with me . '' 
 `` is that a promise , lass ? '' 
 `` aye , it is . '' 
 she mimicked his soft accent . 
 he chuckled and replied , `` music to my ears . '' 
 chapter fifteen later that night , sabrina jerked awake and gasped for air . 
 isaac 's pale face hovered over hers , and she groaned as she covered her eyes . 
 she tried to jump to her feet , but collapsed on the floor . 
 pain coursed throughout her body , and she felt paralyzed . 
 isaac rushed to her side and pulled her into his arms . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 what did you dream this time ? 
 is it elijah again ? 
 louisa ? '' 
 she clung to isaac , needing the feel of his arms around her to assure herself he had n't been hurt . 
 last time she 'd seen him had been in her dream , and he 'd been on the ground , dead for all intents and purposes . 
 she never wanted to see anything even remotely like it ever again . 
 `` i saw it , '' she whispered against his chest . 
 `` i saw amelia die . 
 i do n't know why , or how , but i saw it . '' 
 his muscles tightened beneath her cheek at her words . 
 `` how could that be ? '' 
 he breathed . 
 she relaxed against his body and sighed in relief . 
 the pain faded rapidly from her body , and she moved her fingers in careful consideration . 
 yup , definitely better . 
 now , if only the horrors she had been forced to witness would leave so easily as well . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i got trapped in amelia 's body . 
 i saw it all-felt it all . 
 the pain . 
 oh my god , the pain . 
 it felt horrible . '' 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 she had the distinct impression he did n't really want to hear what she had to say , but felt he should . 
 `` i can tell you how accurate it sounds . '' 
 `` the sun shined down on me , and in the dream , i actually became amelia . 
 so everything louisa did to amelia , she did to me , too . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said in a broken voice . 
 he ran his hands down her back as he listened to her , and she felt her body relax into his even more . 
 his fingers were pure heaven . 
 pulling her thoughts away from his tender ministrations , she resolved to get the story told as fast as possible , and hopefully she could begin to forget it as well . 
 `` my nose hurt-turned out it was bloody . 
 louisa came over . 
 it surprised me to see her . 
 i remember worrying about whether you were there , too . '' 
 she paused and looked at him . 
 `` she worried about how you were doing , if you had found out already . '' 
 `` you or her ? 
 you keep switching back and forth . '' 
 isaac pursed his lips and studied her . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 she waved her hand in front of her face . 
 `` in my dream , we are interchangeable . 
 i became her . '' 
 at his tight nod , she continued . 
 `` louisa grabbed me by the hair and threw me . 
 i landed at elijah 's feet . 
 when i looked past him , i saw you . 
 you looked dead . 
 your neck had been twisted to the side , and it looked broken . '' 
 she covered her eyes and moaned . 
 `` it hurts to see you there , isaac . 
 i ca n't stand having the picture in my head . '' 
 he squeezed her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 try not to focus on it . '' 
 he smoothed back her hair and kissed her forehead . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 she took a calming breath . 
 `` i asked if you were dead , and louisa laughed . 
 she said she had other plans for you , but by the end of her fun i 'd be dead . 
 elijah tried to keep her from me , but she grabbed him and shoved him against a tree . 
 she broke another smaller tree , and slammed it through his shoulder so he 'd be stuck there . 
 forced to watch . '' 
 `` jesus , '' he whispered as his face paled . 
 `` first , she broke one arm , followed by the other , before i passed out . 
 i could still feel the pain , and hear everything going on . 
 even unconsciousness did n't give me any relief . 
 `` i heard louisa go to elijah and bite him . 
 i think she worried whether he bled too heavily and would die , '' she said in an afterthought . 
 `` probably . 
 it would n't be any fun for her ... if he died when she did n't pay attention , he would n't get to live through eternity with her . '' 
 bitterness laced through his tone , reminding her of all the evil woman had put him through . 
 `` yeah , it makes sense . 
 anyway , she broke both my legs and i looked at elijah . 
 she tried to focus on him as she died . 
 elijah screamed , and my chest hurt . 
 i looked down and saw a dagger sticking out of it . '' 
 isaac paled before asking , `` do you remember what it looked like ? '' 
 remember ? 
 i 'll never forget . 
 `` it looked silver , and had a jagged edge . 
 one of those really lethal-looking weapons you see only in movies ? 
 on the hilt it had two blue topazes side by side . 
 above them was a ruby , and below , a diamond . '' 
 isaac cursed and nodded . 
 `` the two blue topazes are me and elijah , the ruby is my mother , and the diamond my father . 
 we each received one on our seventeenth birthday . '' 
 she could n't help but be shocked louisa had used elijah 's treasured gift as a weapon to finish off amelia even though she 'd proved herself to be a ruthless monster . 
 `` i see . 
 well , after that she died . 
 and i woke up . 
 i could feel the pain as she felt it . 
 it hurt . 
 it was excruciating . 
 and the look on elijah 's face . 
 it killed me . 
 so horrible . '' 
 she shuddered and buried her face against his chest , inhaling his scent in a plea for sanity . 
 god , the pictures would not stop barraging her . 
 isaac lay on the ground , neck bent ; elijah crying out her name while pinned to a tree ; louisa taunting her as she broke her apart , bone by bone ; the dagger sticking out of her chest . 
 and the pain-oh god , the pain . 
 isaac pulled her against him again and tucked her head under his chin . 
 `` yes , it was . '' 
 `` where is the clearing ? 
 is it the one you do n't like me being in ? 
 the one where i found you the other night ? 
 the same one from my dreams ? '' 
 isaac sighed , and replied , `` yes , it is . 
 in your dreams , elijah is showing it to you like amelia remembered it . 
 it was a meadow we often visited . '' 
 `` so you all died there ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he stated . 
 `` but if you were there , then you lived near here ? 
 and so did amelia ? '' 
 he tensed and looked away . 
 `` i lived down the road , '' he admitted sheepishly . 
 `` and now ? '' 
 `` still do , '' he replied . 
 `` and amelia ? '' 
 `` are you sure you really want to know ? '' 
 `` um , yes ? '' 
 she wondered why she would n't want to know . 
 `` a few thousand feet from here . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you 're living in what used to be amelia 's father 's barn . '' 
 `` oh . 
 my . 
 god . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i could n't believe it when you told me where you lived . 
 unbelievable . 
 why did you pick this place ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , it just seemed ... right . 
 like it had been made for me . '' 
 she caught the look of amusement on his face and glared at him . 
 `` oh , shut up . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` what happened to the house ? 
 i 'm trying to remember . 
 oh , right , a tornado took it down . '' 
 isaac blushed and looked away . 
 `` are you blushing ? 
 why in the world would you be blushing ? '' 
 and suddenly , it dawned on her . 
 she gasped out loud and exclaimed , `` it was you ! 
 you caused the tornado , did n't you ? '' 
 he grimaced and nodded . 
 `` i had n't yet learned how to control my emotions . 
 i 'd been moping about the house , and the next thing i knew , a tornado came ripping through . 
 luckily , no one had been inside . '' 
 `` do n't feel bad . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 it 's not like you do these things on purpose . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 `` can you do it on purpose ? 
 cause tornadoes ? '' 
 isaac paused and studied her . 
 `` i 've tried to create tornadoes here and there . 
 i 've gotten close , but it 's not easy . 
 it takes a lot of energy to produce a storm from willpower alone . 
 when i 'm angry it just kind of happens . 
 that 's when it 's dangerous , because i 'm not in control of the situation . 
 when i 'm purposely causing a storm , or wind , i can decide how strong i need it to be . 
 if i lose control , or my emotions cause storms , it can be devastating . '' 
 she paled , and bit her lip nervously . 
 `` so that 's what made you nervous earlier . '' 
 `` yeah , i did n't want to bring a tornado on our heads . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` is there anything i can do to help ? '' 
 `` hmm ... not look , or feel , so good ? '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` not possible , sorry . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i did n't think so . 
 now , back to bed for you . 
 hopefully your dreams will leave you alone for once . '' 
 sabrina 's head spun busily with all the new information she 'd learned . 
 and he wanted her to sleep ? 
 was he insane ? 
 `` i 'll never fall asleep . 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 `` i think you 'd be surprised . 
 lie down and close your eyes . 
 if you ca n't sleep , i 'll stay up , too . 
 just try for me ? '' 
 he pleaded . 
 `` fine , '' she gave in . 
 `` but it 's not going to work , so be prepared for a late night . '' 
 she fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow . 
 *** elijah studied the turbulent waters below as he perched on the edge of the cliff . 
 it 's not like he needed to worry about falling in . 
 hell , if only it were so easy . 
 hunger gnawed at him , yet he did n't feel in the mood for hunting . 
 he liked to wait as long as he could , to deny the beast in him what it most wanted . 
 blood . 
 it tortured him alone , yet he still persisted . 
 he enjoyed the pain it brought about , enjoyed feeling something . 
 something besides the misery that always plagued him over the loss of amelia . 
 and now , sabrina too . 
 she had chosen isaac , and he 'd been left to wander the world alone and miserable once more . 
 when she had come back into his life , he had seen a light at the end of the tunnel . 
 he had pictured a future , bright and sunny , by her side . 
 he 'd change her into a vampire , of course , because life without her would be meaningless . 
 he damn well would n't have watched her die again . 
 hell no , he 'd seen it already . 
 and never , ever again would he watch that . 
 but in one sure move , she had ripped those dreams from him by falling in love with isaac . 
 and really , he could n't blame her . 
 isaac had always been much purer of heart than him . 
 he was a monster , after all . 
 one who should die . 
 this brought him back to his earlier thought-death . 
 he stiffened as he studied the water . 
 someone approached , and he knew exactly who . 
 he 'd recognize her stench anywhere . 
 `` come to push me in , louisa ? '' 
 he asked , not bothering to turn around to face her . 
 her laughter tinkled through the air as she approached . 
 she stopped just short of arm 's reach . 
 she might be confident , but she was not reckless enough to stand on the edge of the cliff . 
 not like him . 
 `` now , why would i do that , elijah ? 
 to ruin a beauty such as yours would surely be a sin . '' 
 `` the fact we exist is surely a sin , '' he growled in response . 
 `` you always say the same things . 
 can you not accept your lot in life ? '' 
 `` if i had a life to accept , maybe i would . 
 but i 'm not alive , louisa . '' 
 `` you are n't ? '' 
 her voice shook as she cried , `` do you get angry ? 
 sad ? 
 can you still love ? '' 
 `` do not speak to me of love , louisa . '' 
 he stepped toward her , ready to pound her into the ground . 
 `` i happen to know for a fact you can , and so can i . 
 so you tell me how we are not living right now ? '' 
 `` hatred for you does n't make me feel alive , '' he insisted . 
 `` maybe if you allowed yourself to feel happy every once in a while , to care about something other than your dead whore , you 'd feel more alive . '' 
 he whirled on her , nostrils flared . 
 `` do n't even speak her name . '' 
 `` ah , now you look animated . 
 the mere mention of her existence and you perk up . 
 it 's sick , you realize that , right ? 
 if this who - '' she broke off at the look he shot her way . 
 `` if this woman is so worth it , if your undying devotion is so warranted , where is she now ? '' 
 `` dead , by your hand , '' he declared . 
 he locked his hands in fists and deliberately ignored her reference to sabrina . 
 if she did n't know he loved her maybe , just maybe , he 'd stand a chance of convincing her to let sabrina live in peace . 
 `` by my hands ? 
 or yours ? '' 
 he snarled and launched himself at her . 
 she swung up on a nearby branch and kicked him in the face . 
 pain exploded in his nose . 
 he flew backward , away from the bloody cliff edge . 
 pity , that . 
 she followed him and straddled his hips . 
 she pressed herself against him , and he gritted his teeth to keep his desire at bay . 
 he hardened against her moist heat-jesus , he could feel her through their clothes-and she laughed . 
 she stroked a hand down his chest to the waistband of his jeans , and he drew a deep breath as she traced his erection . 
 he captured her hand in his steely grip and fought back the desire fighting to overcome him . 
 it had been too long . 
 too damn long . 
 hell , at this point , he 'd probably screw a tree . 
 for a moment , sadness crossed her features . 
 he studied her as he struggled for control . 
 as quickly as the sadness had appeared on her face , it disappeared . 
 in its place came an evil smirk and her eyes glittered at him . 
 `` do n't overreact , elijah . 
 i merely pointed out a fact . '' 
 he growled at her and threw her off of him . 
 she landed on the balls of her feet . 
 he did n't bother to attack her again , simply glowered his hatred . 
 `` are you forever destined to desire what your brother has ? '' 
 her question sounded soft , and for once , there no anger laced through her words . 
 `` will you always deny what happiness you could enjoy in life , those things in your reach , only to yearn for those you can not achieve ? '' 
 he stiffened and sighed . 
 `` i ca n't be happy with you , ever . 
 i might feel the normal attraction and pull toward you every vampire has for their maker , but i will never love you . 
 you need to accept that , just like i need to accept i will always be a monster . 
 a monster you made . '' 
 `` of course you ca n't ever love me , '' she said sadly , `` because you are too obsessed with her . 
 the new whore . '' 
 so much for keeping sabrina out of the conversation . 
 `` sabrina does n't want me , so you can leave her alone . 
 she wants isaac . 
 she is innocent of amelia 's sins . 
 she looks like her , but she ca n't be held at fault for something out of her control . 
 leave her and isaac alone . 
 she means nothing to me . '' 
 she moved behind him and whispered in his ear , `` now , elijah , what would be the fun of that ? '' 
 her laughter taunted him as she fled , and he howled into the wind . 
 no one heard him . 
 chapter sixteen as sabrina sat at her computer checking her e-mail , the phone rang . 
 she answered , not bothering to glance at the caller id . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` i made it home in one piece . '' 
 marie 's voice sounded tired to sabrina . 
 `` well , that 's good to know . '' 
 she rubbed her eyebrows and leaned back in her chair . 
 she dangled her head back against the top of the chair and stared at the ceiling . 
 a yawn escaped her , and she blinked rapidly to clear her vision . 
 maybe she should take a nap . 
 `` yeah . 
 how are things ? 
 did you and isaac kiss and make up ? '' 
 sabrina winced , but did n't bother to deny they 'd fought this time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 your puppy-dog sad faces haunted me the whole way home . 
 it was awful . '' 
 `` ha-ha , '' sabrina drawled . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 it was terrible to watch . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 marie laughed . 
 `` it 's okay , i forgive you . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . 
 now i 'll be able to sleep again . '' 
 she cringed as soon as the words were out of her mouth . 
 here come the questions ... `` have you had any more nightmares ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 how 's samantha ? '' 
 hopefully the quick change of subject would confuse marie . 
 it worked , and sabrina smiled as marie launched off on her favorite topic : sam . 
 they chatted for a few moments before hanging up . 
 she shifted in her seat and tapped her fingers on her desk . 
 all morning long she 'd attempted not to think about the one thing on her mind even now , her dream . 
 the clearing they had all died in taunted her mercilessly , and she yearned to compare it to its current state . 
 she needed to see it again , but also knew isaac would n't want to take her . 
 not only did he not like her going there , he did n't enjoy going there either . 
 that much had been clear when they had been there a few days ago . 
 and she knew if she asked him to take her he 'd feel compelled to do so , even though he did n't want to . 
 so while she did n't want to make him go , it did n't mean she could n't go check it out herself , did it ? 
 screw it . 
 the desire proved too strong ; she needed to go . 
 the dream from last night tormented her endlessly , assaulting her with images she had no desire to see . 
 she cringed as she remembered it once more . 
 `` i love you , elijah . '' 
 amelia whispered . 
 `` i love you , too , amelia . '' 
 love shone in his eyes as he leaned down and kissed her . 
 then pain exploded in her face , and the world faded to black . 
 when amelia came to , louisa hovered over her . 
 what in the world happened ? 
 and where did elijah go ? 
 she groaned and rolled to her side , searching for signs of him . 
 she did n't see him anywhere . 
 she sat up and tried to calm her rolling stomach . 
 she wet her dry lips and croaked out , `` where 's elijah ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` hmm , maybe i can help . 
 you are a harlot , and elijah is a bastard who ca n't keep his hands to himself . 
 caught up ? 
 good , because off you go . '' 
 louisa grabbed her by the hair and threw her . 
 she felt too stunned to even cry out from fear , or from the pain of her hair ripping out of her head . 
 in an excruciating collision , she hit the ground and lay motionless as she attempted to catch her breath . 
 a shadow fell over her , and she whimpered in fear . 
 she opened her eyes , sure she 'd see lady harding , and instead saw elijah . 
 oh , thank god . 
 `` elijah , help me , '' she whispered . 
 `` there 's your whore , elijah . 
 have any final words to say to her , before i kill her ? '' 
 she struggled to sit up , and elijah shook his head at her . 
 `` it need not be like this . 
 we can leave together , just the two of us . 
 come to me , and we shall leave . '' 
 louisa sneered . 
 `` i have a much better plan , elijah . '' 
 louisa stalked toward them , and amelia sat up to search for an escape route . 
 there had to be a way out . 
 her eyes caught sight of a familiar face , and she drew in a horrified breath . 
 `` good lord , is isaac - '' louisa followed her line of vision . 
 `` dead ? 
 no , he 's very much alive . 
 see , i have plans for him . 
 but you , my dear , will definitely be dead when i am finished . '' 
 elijah jumped in front of her , presumably to protect her . 
 louisa threw her head back and laughed . 
 `` oh , elijah . 
 you are positively hilarious . '' 
 louisa picked him up and slammed him against a tree before breaking another tree nearby . 
 she forcefully drove it through elijah 's shoulder and into the tree behind him . 
 he let out a cry of pain , and amelia shrieked . 
 louisa dusted her hands off and laughed . 
 `` ready for the main show , elijah ? 
 you surely will not wish to miss it . '' 
 she stalked to amelia , who in turn whimpered in fear . 
 `` lady harding , i am sorry , but please do n't do this . 
 you have hurt elijah . 
 look at him ! '' 
 `` have you never been told not to frolic under a promised man ? 
 you are a shameless harlot , amelia . '' 
 she shook her head and smiled . 
 `` this is going to be marvelous . 
 prepare yourself for a broken arm . '' 
 she grabbed amelia 's left arm and snapped the bone in two . 
 amelia cried out and sobbed as pain wracked her body . 
 elijah strained against his prison and yelled her name . 
 even as amelia reeled from the injury , louisa grabbed the other arm and repeated the action . 
 mercifully , amelia passed out from pain . 
 next thing she saw , elijah had blood oozing from his neck . 
 his eyes looked drugged , as if he had imbibed too much brandy . 
 his eyes met hers , and she was startled to see the tears running down his cheeks . 
 the pain of her leg snapping made her tear her eyes from elijah , and she screamed in agony . 
 before she processed the pain , a new one exploded in her other leg . 
 from a distance , she heard elijah call out her name . 
 she tried to hone in on his voice and conjured up a picture of his face when he had first kissed her . 
 it had been worth even this agony . 
 she could have no regrets . 
 amelia turned her head and focused on him . 
 she could tell he grew weaker , and sobs wracked his body . 
 she latched onto on her beloved 's face and waited for death , mercifully , to take her away . 
 surely louisa would finish her off soon . 
 pain burst through her chest , and she involuntarily looked down . 
 elijah 's dagger protruded from her . 
 she choked on a strange liquid and realized it was blood . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 she would soon die . 
 thank god . 
 sabrina walked out of the house in a daze , focused on the dream until she reached the clearing and examined it under her new insight . 
 she could see all the similarities now , the silly things she 'd missed before . 
 she found and studied the tree elijah had been pinned to , and pictured with perfect clarity the startling red of his blood against the bark . 
 in a trance , she stumbled to the tree and touched its rough surface , and saw a scar on the tree 's surface in the exact spot where elijah had been speared . 
 the same spot he 'd suffered , fought , and died . 
 she looked over her shoulder and recognized where isaac had lain motionless . 
 not far from the tree she leaned against now . 
 he had been so close to them , so close to saving them and running . 
 but instead , he had been cut down like a savage beast . 
 by a savage beast . 
 the bitch . 
 she wandered toward where isaac had landed and froze . 
 and here , here was where amelia had died . 
 where they had both lost the love of their lives . 
 everything had changed drastically that day , both emotionally and physically . 
 though both immortal , they could no longer embrace each other as brothers . 
 they were on opposite sides of the battlefield , forever locked in a ferocious war that would only end in death . 
 her fingers were still on the tree when elijah walked up behind her . 
 she turned to him ; his gaze locked on the scar on the tree , strangely fascinated with the spot where he had died long ago . 
 he tore his gaze off of the tree to focus on her , and the pain in his eyes spoke to her without words . 
 his face looked the same as it had the day amelia had died . 
 `` oh , elijah , i 'm so sorry . 
 i saw it all happen last night . 
 it-no one should have to go through that . 
 ever . '' 
 `` you saw it ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` but , how ? 
 i did n't come to you last night . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i did , somehow . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 he looked away from her and sighed deeply . 
 `` i 'm so sorry you had to see it . 
 no one should ever see what happened that day , what i did that day . '' 
 his brow furrowed , and his eyes were lost in shadow as he stared off into the distance . 
 his pain hit her as strongly as if it were her own , and her heart ached from the force of it . 
 though she could n't love him the way he wanted her to , she did love him . 
 she yearned to heal the hurt bottled inside him , and it seemed natural to open her arms to him . 
 he immediately took her offering of comfort , and she wrapped her arms around him and rested her cheek on his chest . 
 the oddness of the lack of beating heart beneath her cheek struck her , making her bite back a smile . 
 instead , his chest was still , immobile as stone . 
 she noticed the oddest things at the most inopportune times . 
 he did n't move , and she did her best to do the same . 
 they stayed in their frozen embrace for an unknown amount of time . 
 when he finally spoke , pain wracked his voice and broke her from her silent thoughts . 
 `` i loved her so much . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` she loved you , too . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 she paused before whispering , `` i know . '' 
 `` and you love isaac . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he sighed and inhaled the fragrance of her hair . 
 `` let me enjoy this , just one moment longer . '' 
 she laughed and glanced up at him as she conceded , `` okay , one more minute . '' 
 she had a moment 's warning as he stared at her lips , before he went to take the kiss he could apparently no longer resist . 
 she flinched and shouted , `` no , elijah ! 
 do n't do it , or i 'll have to punch you again . '' 
 he groaned and closed his eyes as if deep in thought . 
 `` damn it , sabrina , it might be worth another black eye . '' 
 she laughed and stepped back from his arms . 
 `` oh , elijah , you really need a - '' clap , clap , clap . 
 oh man , someone watched them , and she knew it would be isaac . 
 and , of course , he 'd found her in elijah 's arms again . 
 however innocent the embrace had been , it would look anything but to isaac , who already felt insecure about his brother . 
 her heart lurched , and she took a deep breath before turning to face isaac . 
 this was going to suck royally . 
 her eyes widened in fear and she found herself wishing it had been isaac . 
 but it looked far , far worse . 
 across the clearing , louisa glared at her . 
 `` you know , you almost had me convinced the girl could live . 
 clearly , you were lying through your teeth last night , elijah . 
 did n't anyone ever tell you lying to your maker is frowned upon ? '' 
 `` i did n't lie to you . '' 
 as elijah spoke , he positioned sabrina behind him . 
 `` we are n't lovers . 
 i already told you as much . 
 she loves isaac , not me . '' 
 `` she has an odd way of showing her love for isaac . 
 for if i 'm not mistaken , it 's you she embraced . 
 not isaac , '' louisa sneered . 
 `` i only comforted him . 
 that 's it . 
 he was grieving over what you did to him and all the people he loved , '' sabrina replied in a rush of anger . 
 she should be terrified of this woman-this monster . 
 but instead , hatred flowed through her veins and gave her a heady sense of power . 
 `` oh , how darling . 
 i 'm sure that is what amelia was doing as well . 
 comforting him , '' louisa said , sarcasm oozing from her voice . 
 `` sabrina , be quiet . '' 
 elijah shushed . 
 `` i will not ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` she does n't scare me . '' 
 `` louisa , knock it off . 
 she is innocent . 
 leave her be . '' 
 `` once again with the broken record . 
 do n't you ever say anything new ? '' 
 she took a step closer to them , and elijah snarled in response . 
 she seemed to take heed of the warning , because she paused and raised her hands in a gesture of peace . 
 `` did you like the dream you had last night , sabrina ? 
 it 's one of my most shining acts of all time . '' 
 sabrina gaped at her and completely forgot her bravado . 
 `` you showed me the dream ? '' 
 `` but , of course . 
 who else ? '' 
 `` which dream ? '' 
 elijah interjected . 
 `` why ? '' 
 sabrina questioned . 
 `` well , what would be the fun of killing you , if you did n't remember the last day in detail ? 
 i have always been somewhat dramatic , and i love my scene to be set perfectly , in all ways . 
 as a matter of fact , i 'm still not quite ready to kill you yet . 
 we are missing one key factor . '' 
 `` isaac , '' sabrina breathed . 
 `` you leave him alone , bitch . 
 he has done nothing to you ! '' 
 `` oh , you 're a delight . 
 i 'm here merely for informational purposes today , which is the only reason you 're still safely tucked away behind dear old elijah . 
 otherwise , i 'd be snapping your bones in two . 
 like i did before . '' 
 `` i think you 're wrong there , because i 'm not her . 
 i have information for you , too . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what would that be ? '' 
 sabrina stepped around elijah 's protective stance and moved to walk up to louisa . 
 elijah grabbed her , so she settled for leaning forward to hiss , `` i 'm not scared of you . '' 
 `` are you trying to get yourself killed ? '' 
 elijah snapped as he pushed her back behind him . 
 sabrina ignored him , and so did louisa . 
 louisa laughed . 
 `` oh , my , you are fun . 
 too bad i have to kill you . '' 
 `` i have to breathe . 
 you do n't have to kill me . 
 how about we just call it a day and you crawl back to whatever little hole you came from ? 
 m'kay ? '' 
 even as she taunted the dangerous creature in front of her , she knew she played a dangerous game . 
 but , she could n't seem to help herself . 
 seeing louisa brought out feelings that overwhelmed her . 
 hatred . 
 fear . 
 sarcasm . 
 `` oh , i disagree . 
 as much fun as you are , seeing your face makes me ill . 
 seeing him moon all over you again makes me even sicker . 
 i 'm going to kill you the same way i killed her : slowly , and happily . '' 
 sabrina shuddered at the promise , because louisa would love to do just that . 
 but she would be damned if she 'd show any fear in front of the bitch , and so she forced a sardonic laugh . 
 `` bring it , bitch . '' 
 sabrina stuck up her middle finger . 
 louisa 's eyes widened and she threw her head back and laughed . 
 `` you are so going to be fun to kill . 
 so much fun , '' she said . 
 elijah snarled , and she felt his muscles tense in preparation to defend her . 
 yet somehow , she did n't think even he would be enough to stop this madwoman . 
 she would die-and soon . 
 it sobered her . 
 louisa shook her head and said scathingly , `` down , boy . 
 i 'm not going to hurt her yet . 
 but i want to talk about the day amelia died . 
 sabrina woke up too early , and i did n't get to show her everything . 
 i think it 's time for her to find out who really killed her . '' 
 `` i know who killed amelia . 
 you , '' sabrina argued . 
 `` and do n't think i 'll be so easy to get to this time . 
 i 'm no cowering weakling , louisa . 
 you do n't scare me . 
 and i have isaac 's protection this time . '' 
 louisa stared at her before throwing her head back and laughing . 
 `` oh god , you believe you can conquer me ? 
 how amusing . '' 
 she laughed and winked in elijah 's direction . 
 `` she 's got much more fight in her than your whore amelia . 
 too bad she does n't want you . 
 she did n't even mention you as one of the weapons in her arsenal . '' 
 elijah roared in anger , and sabrina cried out when he shoved her backward and lunged at louisa . 
 she stumbled to her feet and watched in horror as he rolled on the ground fighting her . 
 `` run , sabrina . 
 go to isaac , '' he yelled as he held louisa down . 
 she bucked against him and growled as she struggled to free herself . 
 sabrina tore her gaze from the fight and forced her feet to flee in the direction of home . 
 hisses and snarls filled the air around her as she sprinted away . 
 she worried about elijah , but also knew she had to get away . 
 her being there actually made him weaker . 
 it annoyed her to admit it . 
 but that did n't make it any less true . 
 the house lay in her sight when she got grabbed from behind , and she screamed in terror as arms clasped around her . 
 she fought against her captor , fear giving her the strength to fight for her life . 
 a hand slapped across her mouth , and she kicked harder to make up for the loss of sound . 
 a grunt came from her captor when her foot succeeded in kicking its target , and the arms tightened around her even more , cutting off her breath . 
 `` jesus , sabrina , stop it . 
 it 's me , isaac . 
 calm down or we 'll have connor running to see what is wrong , '' he whispered urgently in her ear . 
 hearing the familiar voice , she sagged in his arms and attempted to catch her breath , which still came out in harsh pants from her struggles . 
 isaac , sensing she 'd stopped fighting him , removed his hand from her mouth . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i went to the clearing , and elijah came to see me . '' 
 she took a deep breath , `` nothing happened , i swear . 
 he got upset and i consoled him . 
 nothing more . '' 
 `` shh , it 's okay . 
 i trust you , sabrina . 
 what happened to make you run ? '' 
 his statement gave her pause , but she forced herself to continue . 
 `` louisa came along . 
 she taunted me , telling me how she 'd kill me like she had amelia . 
 she also told me i needed to know the truth about how amelia really died . 
 elijah pushed me away and told me to run . 
 they were fighting when i ran away . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 he ran his fingers through his hair and cursed under his breath , presumably warring at the desire to bring her inside to safety , and his equally strong desire to rid her of the threat of louisa . 
 `` if i go and try to get her now when she 's off guard , i might stand a chance of beating her . 
 but it could be held against me later . 
 if i do n't get her , she could hurt you . 
 i have to do something . '' 
 `` not that ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` never that . 
 you ca n't risk yourself . 
 there 'll be another day to get her . 
 without breaking any rules , '' sabrina insisted . 
 she could tell by the look in his eyes his mind had already been made up , and not in the way she wanted . 
 she shook her head , but to no avail . 
 he kissed her hard . 
 `` go . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` isaac , no , '' she cried . 
 but he vanished out of her sight before she could take a step in his direction . 
 fear and fury warred inside her , each trying to claim a stronger hold over her than the other . 
 though it killed her to do so , she ran toward the house . 
 she 'd reached halfway across the lawn when she slid to a stop . 
 screw this . 
 she needed to find out what happened . 
 sabrina bolted back , desperate to help in some way . 
 she refused to cower in fear while isaac broke every rule he 'd ever followed-every rule he 'd ever made-for her . 
 she pressed herself harder than she had ever done before to get to isaac before it was too late to do something , anything , to help . 
 when she finally reached the clearing , she doubled over , grabbing her knees as she attempted to catch her breath , while simultaneously scanning the area . 
 isaac was there , but alone . 
 he stood still , head cocked to the side . 
 deciding he looked safe enough for the moment , she backed away silently , hoping to return home unnoticed . 
 please do n't let him see me ; please do n't let him - `` i should have known better than to assume you would go home , should n't i have ? '' 
 his voice had a resigned tone to it , laced with equal parts amusement and frustration . 
 he turned to her and raised an eyebrow , and she flushed . 
 son of a bitch . 
 `` i could n't just leave you . '' 
 `` you left elijah , '' he pointed out . 
 `` you 're not elijah , '' she stated . 
 his eyes widened , and he studied her so intensely her heart stalled . 
 `` what she means is i can take care of myself , but she does n't think you can , '' elijah spoke from above their heads . 
 her eyes widened in shock , and she tilted her head back to scan the trees above . 
 did he want to get himself killed ? 
 she found him crouching on an impossibly high branch , and elijah jumped down and landed on his feet , in a crouched position upon the ground . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' isaac grumbled . 
 `` still hiding from me ? '' 
 `` i did n't know if you wanted me to show myself . '' 
 `` better than spying on us from above . '' 
 thunder crashed in the distance as he glared at his mirror image . 
 he apparently did not like the image of elijah lurking in shadows , watching them . 
 she could n't blame him ; neither did she . 
 `` isaac , calm down , '' sabrina warned . 
 they did n't need another enforcer interfering in this mess , so he needed to keep his emotions in check . 
 he nodded and pulled himself together . 
 `` where 's louisa ? '' 
 `` gone . 
 she ran away after sabrina left . 
 you should really get her in her house now . 
 or are you going to leave her outside in another endearing fit of jealousy ? '' 
 elijah asked hopefully , perking up in his excitement . 
 `` i 'd be happy to escort her . '' 
 isaac growled , and elijah laughed . 
 `` knock it off , elijah , '' sabrina snapped . 
 `` it 's not funny . '' 
 he sobered at her admonishment and gave a curt nod of his head . 
 `` go now , before she decides the stage is set nicely and returns . '' 
 `` elijah - '' she started . 
 `` sabrina , go . 
 now . '' 
 he stared at her , love in his eyes , and she tore her gaze away . 
 isaac grasped her hand and dragged her away . 
 she looked over her shoulder , and her heart broke a little at elijah 's face . 
 isaac squeezed her hand and she met his eyes . 
 he gave her a reassuring smile . 
 he paused and turned to elijah . 
 `` i 've changed my mind . 
 we 'll work together . 
 meet me here at ten o'clock tonight so we can work out the details . '' 
 sabrina gasped in horror as elijah nodded . 
 `` oh , hell no ! '' 
 she shouted in fury . 
 `` oh hell , yes , '' isaac insisted , his jaw set stubbornly . 
 not allowing her the decency of a proper fight , he pulled her into his arms and ran full speed to the house . 
 in seconds , they were behind the locked door . 
 she wasted no time turning on him in rage . 
 `` isaac , you ca n't do this . 
 what if the others find out ? '' 
 he tensed and looked out the window . 
 `` i ca n't let her hurt you , and not do everything in my power to stop her . '' 
 `` letting you kill yourself over me is not in my power . '' 
 she pushed his chest . 
 `` look at me ! '' 
 his eyes collided with hers , and his jaw hardened even more . 
 not a good sign . 
 `` watching you die is not in mine . '' 
 `` your life will be forfeit if you do this , '' she argued . 
 `` my life is forfeit without you , '' he cried in frustration . 
 `` i wo n't budge in this . 
 i need you to be safe . 
 i am willing to take the risk of discovery , so long as i know you are alive and free from louisa . '' 
 sabrina glared at him . 
 `` i will not let you destroy yourself for me . 
 what kind of person would i be if i allowed you to do this ? 
 i 'll leave here right now , if that is what it takes to get you to stop this nonsense . 
 not killing your brother is one thing , but joining him ? 
 it 's treason . '' 
 isaac growled low in his chest , and pinned her between the wall and his hard body . 
 `` you will not leave me , do you understand ? 
 you are mine . '' 
 her eyes widened in apprehension at this new side of isaac . 
 unsure how to proceed , she nodded and watched him nervously . 
 dare she argue more ? 
 he dropped his forehead against hers and pulled her into his arms . 
 `` i ca n't bear even the thought of you not in my life , so please do n't threaten me like that . 
 ever . '' 
 his voice wavered . 
 remorse came over her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , isaac . 
 i wo n't do it again . '' 
 she laid her head on his chest and breathed in the scent of his skin . 
 she bit her lip in an attempt to hold back her tears . 
 the time for arguing was over . 
 he had made up his mind . 
 no amount of arguing on her part would change it . 
 he remained quiet as well , probably plotting how he and elijah would team together to overcome louisa and keep sabrina safe . 
 sabrina , however , schemed to stop him . 
 no matter what he said , her priority would always be his safety . 
 and the plan he 'd agreed to did n't allow for him to be out of harm 's way . 
 in fact , it put him directly in its path . 
 chapter seventeen sabrina and isaac were curled up on the couch , sipping white zinfandel , when she remembered something louisa had said to her earlier . 
 how had she neglected to tell isaac about louisa having sent the dream to her ? 
 `` i forgot , louisa told me she showed me the dream last night , so i would remember what had happened . '' 
 isaac gawked at her before shrugging . 
 `` it makes sense , i suppose . 
 she 's sick , '' he said in disgust . 
 `` if she showed it to me , how did i get in amelia 's head ? 
 i heard her thoughts ; i felt every broken bone she received . '' 
 she shuddered at the memory . 
 isaac looked troubled for a moment , before shrugging . 
 `` maybe it 's how she chose to show you the memory ? 
 i really do n't know what else it could mean . 
 unless if you are amelia reincarnated , and you were therefore remembering it as it happened to you ? '' 
 she scoffed . 
 `` do i even act like her ? '' 
 he pondered her question before answering , `` in some ways , yes . 
 you have the same smile , same laugh . 
 you get the same determined look on your face when you decide upon a course of action . 
 but you are a lot braver and stronger than she was and a hell of a lot more stubborn , too . '' 
 he quirked an eyebrow at her . 
 `` and you did n't screw my brother . '' 
 she swatted his arm and debated whether she dare ask him the question that pulled at her heart daily . 
 `` do you love me because you think i 'm her ? '' 
 she lay on her side , her legs curled to her stomach . 
 at her question , he sighed and leaned over her , rested his cheek upon the curve of her hip , and draped his arm around her legs . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll admit it 's what drew me to you originally . 
 but it 's you i love , more than i have ever loved another . 
 i ca n't breathe fully if you are n't near , i ca n't sleep . 
 and life ? 
 meaningless . 
 you are my life . 
 without you , i simply would n't exist . 
 there is nothing i would n't do to keep you safe . 
 by my side . '' 
 she drew in a breath and stroked a hand over his shoulders . 
 `` i feel exactly the same . '' 
 he looked troubled at her statement , instead of pleased . 
 `` sabrina , are you planning something ? 
 there 's nothing you need to do , nothing you can do , to keep me safe . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i do n't need your help . 
 you 'll only weaken my defenses . 
 ca n't you see that ? '' 
 she looked in his eyes and lied . 
 `` i 'm not planning anything . 
 i was thinking about how long it 's been since you kissed me . '' 
 she tugged his hair until he rose over her , smiling . 
 `` i mean it , sabrina , '' he warned with a growl . 
 `` i know , i know , '' she whispered as she kissed him lightly . 
 he succumbed to her demand , and when he tried to pull away from her , she clung to his neck . 
 she did n't want him questioning her , dreaded he 'd see it in her eyes that she 'd lied . 
 `` let 's make a storm . '' 
 she trailed kisses down his neck and pushed his shoulders until he lay on his back . 
 she flicked her tongue over his skin , and she worked her way down his firm stomach . 
 he took a deep intake of breath as she caressed his erection , and a boom of thunder shook the house when her lips closed around him . 
 his penis felt so silky smooth and hard against her tongue , a contradiction at its finest , and she could n't help but moan throatily as she took all of him in her mouth . 
 he threaded his hands through her hair and brokenly whispered her name . 
 the sound made sabrina squirm in anticipation . 
 apparently , he could take no more of her sweet torture . 
 he threw her on her back and rose over her . 
 in one movement , he entered her and they both groaned in satisfaction . 
 he thrust inside her , and her hips rose in a dance as old as time itself , until they both climaxed and collapsed into each other 's arms . 
 they remained in their lovers ' embrace until the alarm on isaac 's phone went off , and he sighed and left her arms . 
 he kissed her goodbye , and murmured , `` stay here , i wo n't be long . '' 
 she nodded and closed her eyes against his scrutiny , feigning exhaustion . 
 he did n't seem fooled , however . 
 hell , acting had never been one of her skills . 
 `` please , stay here , '' he pleaded . 
 `` i 'd tie you to the bed if i thought it would make you stay . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 she grinned at him in challenge . 
 he drew in a breath , and his eyes darkened at the mental image she must have planted in his head . 
 when in doubt , distract with sex . 
 works every time . 
 `` hmm , maybe another day ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 `` could be fun ... given the right circumstances . '' 
 she did n't answer him , and he gave a frustrated sigh , leaving the room . 
 when the door shut , she counted to sixty and hopped off the couch . 
 she dressed faster than ever before . 
 she did n't want to miss their meeting . 
 chapter eighteen isaac scanned the clearing for his brother and found him draped across a giant boulder . 
 `` so , what are we going to do ? '' 
 elijah asked without preamble . 
 they both knew they could n't waste time on niceties . 
 nor did isaac care for them . 
 he had a job to do , pure and simple . 
 he had no desire to forgive his brother , or to become friends . 
 hell no , he did this for sabrina and sabrina only . 
 isaac cocked his head . 
 `` we need to set a trap for louisa . 
 when one of us is distracting louisa , the other can try to sneak up on her . 
 no , that wo n't do at all . 
 she will see us coming , and know what is happening . 
 louisa 's impossible to beat . 
 we 'll never - '' he paced in agitation as he ran a hand through his hair . 
 elijah interrupted him . 
 `` no , i may have a plan . 
 it came to me earlier . 
 she 's always lusted after me . 
 we can both attest to as much . '' 
 isaac gave a curt nod of his head and met elijah 's eyes . 
 more than likely , elijah also remembered just how much she had desired him , and how far she would go to get him . 
 `` i can entice her , make her think she has a chance . 
 distract her using kisses and caresses . 
 that 's where you take advantage of her distraction . 
 if you know what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` will she fall for such an old trick , after all this time you 've spent hating her ? '' 
 isaac scoffed . 
 louisa would believe that all of a sudden , elijah could n't keep his hands off of her ? 
 not bloody likely . 
 turning red , elijah looked away from isaac 's scrutiny . 
 `` there have been moments of weakness . 
 we have - '' isaac 's eyes widened as he realized what his brother alluded to . 
 he glared and snapped , `` you 've had sex with the woman responsible for killing amelia , the same woman responsible for making us what we are ? 
 is this what you 're telling me ? '' 
 `` oh , spare me the righteousness of isaac , if you will . '' 
 elijah snarled as he made a dismissive gesture of his hand . 
 `` we vampires do n't exactly have a whole lot of choices out there , unlike you . 
 if we try to take a human , they usually die in our arms . 
 you , however , can have anyone you want , minus the repercussions . 
 so do n't judge me . '' 
 `` some people just do without , '' isaac argued . 
 his cheeks flushed when elijah studied him , and he avoided his gaze and shifted on his feet . 
 he had n't meant to let that slip . 
 `` so you keep her otherwise occupied . 
 then , what , i run up behind you and snap her head off ? '' 
 `` precisely , '' elijah drawled . 
 `` how would we arrange the time , and place ? 
 we 'd also need a signal , one no enforcers would catch on to . '' 
 isaac tensed , and shouted , `` god damn it , sabrina ! '' 
 elijah stared at him in confusion before he , too , sensed her presence . 
 he whipped his head in her direction , and they both glared at her as she walked into the clearing . 
 she held her head high , and her chin set stubbornly . 
 her eyes flashed in the moonlight as thunder boomed overhead . 
 she had never looked so gorgeous , and he had never been so goddamned furious . 
 once , just once , could she listen to him ? 
 isaac rushed to her , pausing only to glower at elijah when he headed toward her as well . 
 oh , hell no . 
 sabrina belonged to him , and elijah needed to remember it . 
 now . 
 elijah , heeding the unspoken warning , instantly halted , though his fists remained clenched . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here , sabrina ? 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 isaac whispered . 
 she glared and answered , `` no . 
 i ` mnot . 
 i 'm not the one risking my head for treason . '' 
 isaac opened his mouth to retort , only to be interrupted by elijah . 
 `` perhaps she 's here for a reason , isaac . '' 
 that earned a hiss from isaac , but he did manage to ask using great control , `` is there something wrong , sabrina ? '' 
 she hesitated and her gaze darted from him to elijah speculatively . 
 she looked terrified of what she wanted to say , but her chin jutted out nonetheless . 
 if she was scared by what she had to say , he had a feeling he would n't like it either . 
 at all . 
 `` i 'd like elijah to change me , '' she stated . 
 not like it ? 
 understatement of the century . 
 thunder crashed overhead , and isaac found himself incapable of words , so he sputtered . 
 the wind whipped around the trio at hurricane-like speeds , and sabrina braced herself against a tree to fight the force of the winds pulling at her . 
 `` isaac , you need to calm down ! '' 
 elijah yelled as he approached sabrina , presumably to help keep her from floating away in the wind . 
 he got rewarded for his admonishment when isaac pushed him , slamming him into the boulder he had previously rested upon . 
 the message , isaac felt certain , came out loud and clear . 
 isaac stalked away from them both and punched a tree . 
 the tree proceeded to shudder , and a cracking sound filled the air it crashed to the ground . 
 sabrina screamed , and elijah hurried to her side to put a soothing hand on her shoulder . 
 this did not help his anger very much . 
 apparently the message had n't been as clear as he had thought . 
 anger oozed out of his pores like a sickness as isaac stalked toward them , but he halted when he saw how petrified sabrina looked . 
 he growled and sat down to hold his head in his hands in an attempt to calm himself . 
 she 'd asked to be bitten . 
 she 'd actually requested to become a monster , to become his enemy . 
 he concentrated on calming his fury , and attempted to steer away the mental images of elijah sinking his teeth into her neck . 
 although vampires liked the sensitive spot on the inside of the thigh , too . 
 elijah would probably much prefer that spot over a measly neck bite . 
 no , those types of thoughts would n't calm him down . 
 get a grip , man . 
 when isaac finally felt calm enough to confront sabrina , he raised his head and glowered . 
 elijah still stood by sabrina , but had wisely removed his hands from her . 
 if he even so much as touched her right now , isaac would lose the small bit of control he had . 
 `` and what , my love , would you accomplish if you got your way ? 
 have you changed your mind , and would like to live with elijah instead ? '' 
 he bit out . 
 he ground his teeth together in an attempt to stay calm . 
 sabrina ran to his side , halting elijah 's panicked attempt to stop her with a glare of her own , and crouched down beside him . 
 `` no , isaac . 
 i love you . 
 i thought maybe if i were n't so weak - '' he laughed somewhat hysterically at her line of thought . 
 shaking his head in bemusement , he sneered , `` you thought you would become a big , strong vampire and defeat louisa , and we could live happily ever after ? '' 
 sabrina blushed , but scowled at his condescending tone . 
 `` yes , but god knows why i would want to be with an ass ** le like you . '' 
 they glared at each other , neither backing down from their icy stance . 
 `` do you realize if he bites you , you would always be a part of him ? 
 that you 'd have loyalty and attachments such as you 've never known ? 
 even elijah feels drawn to louisa , and he despises her . '' 
 she looked to elijah for confirmation , and he nodded his assent . 
 `` oh well , if it helps us all out of this mess , so be it . 
 i 'm strong enough to resist , '' she insisted . 
 `` even if that were true , it would take at least a week until you were able to fight louisa . 
 until then , you 'd be lying in bed , wracked with pain . 
 useless . 
 you do n't become an invincible immortal right away . '' 
 `` it 's true , '' elijah added softly from behind them . 
 `` it 's not something you should wish for , sabrina . 
 it is no way for anyone to live . 
 you 'd be better off dead , just as i should be . '' 
 she gasped and glared at him . 
 `` knock it off , elijah . 
 you may not be a mortal , but you 're no monster . '' 
 elijah scoffed at her words and looked away from her probing eyes . 
 `` sabrina , you 're forgetting one fact , '' isaac interrupted . 
 she swung her gaze back to isaac and arched an eyebrow . 
 isaac continued , `` if you become a vampire , we could n't be together . 
 i 'd be your enemy . 
 we 'd be apart forever , or damned and hunted down if i went to you . 
 it 's no way to live . '' 
 `` you 'll be damned and hunted down for pairing with elijah as well , which does n't bother you . 
 so why not be damned and be rid of louisa 's threat in the process ? 
 i would n't be a weak human , and we could be together forever . '' 
 isaac let his breath escape in a hiss . 
 `` no . 
 absolutely not . '' 
 sabrina crossed her arms and turned her attention back to elijah . 
 `` if you wo n't do it , elijah , i 'll find some other way to make it happen . 
 i wo n't sit by and let louisa hunt me down and kill me . 
 i will fight . '' 
 `` you will not ! '' 
 isaac yelled . 
 elijah interrupted once more , insisting . 
 `` isaac , you need to get her inside . 
 i know louisa is nearby , and we do n't want to risk tempting her any longer . 
 go argue in the house , where i do n't have to listen . '' 
 isaac nodded his head and grabbed sabrina 's arm . 
 she pulled back and drawled , `` yes , let 's hide the poor human girl . 
 we would n't want her to stub her toe . '' 
 elijah hid his smile , feigning a cough , while isaac growled . 
 `` knock it off , sabrina . '' 
 she glared at him and spun to elijah . 
 `` elijah , please ... '' his eyes softened , and isaac picked her up in his arms . 
 `` do n't even think about it , or i 'll kill you right here and now . '' 
 `` do you promise ? '' 
 elijah taunted . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 he turned his back on elijah , and ran home . 
 *** they were back at her house in seconds , and she opened her eyes to see him glowering at her . 
 `` this is unacceptable . '' 
 `` no , my becoming a vampire is n't unacceptable . 
 me staying a human , however , is , '' she insisted . 
 he sighed and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 she knew he was frustrated , but no longer furious , since no storm brewed outside . 
 he clutched her to his chest and kissed the top of her head as he sighed . 
 `` sabrina , i 'll keep you safe . 
 i promise you , if it 's the last thing i do , i 'll kill louisa . '' 
 she whispered , `` i ca n't accept the risk . 
 i wo n't allow it to be the last thing you do . '' 
 `` you becoming my enemy will solve nothing . 
 it 'll just serve to keep us apart . 
 if you are a vampire , and i follow the rules i , myself , enforce , i can never see you again . 
 if i go with you , knowing you are my enemy , i sign both of our death warrants . 
 a leader ca n't just do as he pleases and expect his followers to stay in line . 
 the chances of them discovering anything about me and elijah are a lot lower than them finding out i 'm in love with our enemy . 
 you might as well kill me now , and save me the pain . '' 
 `` we can still be together . 
 it will have to be in secret . 
 but still , it 's possible . 
 we could find a way . '' 
 `` stealing away at midnight for a romp in the forest ? 
 not my style , thank you , '' he said sarcastically . 
 she rolled her eyes , and replied , `` so you 'd rather screw a seventy-year-old woman ? '' 
 he looked at her in confusion . 
 `` what in the world are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to get older . 
 you 'll always be twenty-seven . '' 
 laughter filled his eyes , and she knew she had lost the battle . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll be a delicious old lady . '' 
 she growled . 
 he nibbled her ear and laughed harder . 
 `` i wo n't allow you to become my enemy because you 're afraid of a few wrinkles . 
 there 's always botox , '' he joked . 
 `` i 'm going to die sometime . 
 you realize that , right ? 
 if i remain human , eventually you 'll have to hold my hand as i die . 
 it 's inevitable . 
 it might be in a few days ' time when louisa gets her hands on me , or it might be in fifty years . 
 but regardless of when it happens , it will . '' 
 pain flashed over his eyes as he contemplated her words . 
 it became obvious to her he 'd never thought of this unavoidable fact . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 and there 's nothing i can do but make sure you live a full mortal life . 
 i can do no more , '' he maintained . 
 she glared at him and bit her lip . 
 he looked into her eyes and pulled her into his arms again . 
 `` this will pass soon , and louisa will be gone . 
 now is n't the time to be making rash decisions . '' 
 `` now is the perfect time to make decisions , '' she insisted . 
 they both knew they would n't agree on this issue . 
 he would keep her safe , and human , at all costs . 
 she remained determined to keep him alive at all costs . 
 they shared a common goal , yet had different plans on how to achieve victory . 
 they were on opposite sides of the river , and neither would step foot onto a boat to cross to the other side . 
 there was nothing more to say . 
 *** `` hello , '' she murmured . 
 he smiled at her , his eyes both cynical and self-depreciating in the purple-strewn darkness . 
 `` i had to speak to you . 
 i have to explain our conversation in your house . 
 i have n't had a chance to tell you why i killed amelia . '' 
 sabrina tensed , and stared at him in confusion . 
 `` you did n't kill her . 
 louisa did . '' 
 elijah looked away before turning back and holding his hand out to her . 
 she put her hand into his , and they wandered to a fallen oak tree to sit . 
 `` i do n't understand , elijah . 
 i saw louisa stab amelia with your dagger . '' 
 `` no , you saw amelia with my dagger sticking out of her chest . 
 my dagger i kept by my side , always . '' 
 `` of course it would be by your side , how else would she get it ? '' 
 when he stared into her eyes , she comprehended the meaning behind his confession . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i killed her . 
 i took her life - '' `` you did it out of love , elijah . 
 you have no idea how much pain she felt . '' 
 sabrina shuddered . 
 `` she 'd have thanked you if she could . 
 i promise . '' 
 he stared at her and swallowed heavily . 
 `` how i wish i could believe you . 
 it haunts me , the look on her face as she stopped breathing . '' 
 he put his head on his knees and moaned . 
 her heart twisted at his words , and she put a comforting hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i got put inside her head . 
 she loved you even after the stabbing . 
 the last thing she thought of , the last thing she saw , was you . '' 
 he studied her intently and nodded , wonder in his eyes . 
 `` i think i believe you . '' 
 `` you should , it 's the truth . '' 
 `` i love you more than he ever will , '' elijah stated . 
 she rolled her eyes at his brazenness and jumped to her feet , ready to go home . 
 `` be free of needless guilt , elijah . 
 i know why you did what you did , and i approve . 
 were i her , i would demand the same . 
 you remember that . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'll not take your life again . '' 
 `` even if i want you to ? '' 
 `` even then . '' 
 she sighed and knelt in front of him . 
 `` elijah , you did the right thing . 
 please do n't feel bad anymore . '' 
 `` i do feel a little better , and i 'm glad you understand . 
 if only ... '' she put her finger on his lips to silence him . 
 `` do n't , please . 
 i have to go . 
 i do n't want to worry isaac . '' 
 anger passed over his face , and his fists tightened by his side , but he stayed seated . 
 she knew it could n't be easy for him . 
 she looked at him one last time before walking away . 
 she knew he followed to ensure her safety , but he kept himself hidden in the shadows . 
 *** sabrina awoke at the bottom of her steps inside her house . 
 isaac gripped her arm tightly and glared at her . 
 she gasped in confusion and stared at him in question . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 isaac demanded . 
 `` i-i do n't know . 
 i d-d-don ' t even know why i 'm down here , '' she babbled . 
 `` why am i down here ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he glared and pointed at the door . 
 she looked at it and turned to him in question . 
 `` look next to the door , sabrina , '' he spat . 
 she followed his directions and saw her shoes sitting there , coated in wet grass and mud . 
 `` oh my god , '' she muttered . 
 a glance at her feet showed traces of grass and moisture as well . 
 her legs weakened and her heart raced . 
 it brought to mind the dream she 'd had where she woke up and found her feet muddy , and her bed covered in dirt . 
 she 'd never sleepwalked before in her life . 
 why would she start now , of all times ? 
 had the dream happened , or had she imagined it while sleepwalking ? 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she whispered . 
 `` where did you go , and who came there ? '' 
 she told him of her dream , and he glowered at her another moment before he melted and pulled her into his arms . 
 he breathed in her scent and moaned . 
 `` you scared the shit out of me when i woke up and you were missing . 
 i ran downstairs , only to find you walking inside and removing your shoes . 
 i did n't even realize you were asleep at first . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 've never done this before , i swear . 
 i do n't know what happened . '' 
 she wrung her hands , mutilating her pajamas in the process . 
 `` actually , you have . 
 once before . '' 
 he shifted on his feet , not meeting her eyes . 
 she cocked her head and studied him before his meaning suddenly dawned on her . 
 `` that night was n't a dream ? 
 when i woke up with sticks in my hair ? '' 
 `` you fainted . 
 i made sure you stayed unconscious , cleaned up your sheets , and washed your hair . 
 i cleaned you and tucked you back in . 
 i did n't want you to be scared . '' 
 he shrugged and grinned ruefully . 
 she drew in a breath and stared at him in horror and surprise . 
 `` you stripped me naked and washed me ? '' 
 isaac grinned . 
 `` my eyes were closed the whole time . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' he chirped . 
 his lips quirked as if holding back laughter . 
 she tried to resist the laughter trying to burst out and failed . 
 he lost his own silent battle and joined in . 
 `` pervert , '' she quipped . 
 `` you would n't have it any other way . '' 
 isaac smiled at her , and the smile dissipated . 
 `` we need to be more careful , though . 
 there are dangerous things out there , and you need to stay inside . 
 we need to keep you safe . '' 
 `` me and my frail humanness ? '' 
 `` is humanness a word ? '' 
 sabrina cocked her head and glowered at him . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 he grinned , sweeping her into his arms . 
 `` no , i guess not . '' 
 isaac carried her upstairs , and she pulled his face down to hers for a kiss . 
 isaac swept in a breath at the desire clenching him , and he deepened the kiss . 
 he grew hard , his c ** k seeking the warmth only sabrina could give him . 
 he set her on her feet and removed her shirt over her head . 
 watching her delicious body appear inch by inch proved to be more torturous than anything else in the world . 
 her ni ** les hardened in the cool air , and they taunted him to take them into his mouth and plunge inside her . 
 but he forced himself to continue his slow seduction , pulling her pants down using soft caresses on her legs , before allowing his hands to roam back up to her inner thighs . 
 her legs quivered , and she let out a small breathy sound as he grew harder yet . 
 what she did to his body equaled pure insanity ; surely he 'd die from the pleasure one of these days-immortal or not . 
 she clutched his shoulders with unsteady fingers as his hands caressed her inner thigh and moved inward to her moist heat . 
 he laid her on the bed , and he could n't miss her sigh of relief as he rose over her . 
 but he had n't finished yet . 
 she 'd have to wait for him to enter her . 
 whether she liked it or not . 
 ignoring the primal instinct to thrust himself inside her , he instead took her nipple into his mouth , like he 'd been longing to do since he 'd bared them . 
 his other hand caressed her clitoris , causing her to squirm in delight . 
 jesus , she was wet and ready for him . 
 it tortured him to feel her heat beckoning him and , moaning her name , he plunged a finger inside . 
 her hips rose off the bed as she arched her back and whimpered his name . 
 her small sounds of pleasure urged him on , and he kissed a hot path to her stomach and down her left leg . 
 from there , he traveled to her inner thigh as he caressed her sensitive nub with his thumb . 
 her body jerked off the bed , and he pressed her back down . 
 he closed his lips around her clitoris to savor the sweetness of the intimate spot . 
 jesus , she tasted like summer and sunshine . 
 she moved against his mouth urgently , her hands gripping his hair . 
 he deepened his caresses against her sensitive bud and felt her whole body tense as she neared her climax . 
 his senses heightened from knowing he had mere seconds until he could thrust inside her body . 
 she let out a cry , and her whole body froze . 
 he tore his lips from her intoxicating taste , and thrust inside her . 
 her muscles squeezed him as she climaxed again , and he lost all control . 
 after a few more thrusts , he threw his head back and yelled hoarsely , collapsing on top of her . 
 she trailed her fingernails down his back , and kissed his neck tenderly . 
 `` i love you , '' she breathed in his ear . 
 her hot breath made him harden once more , and reflexively , he pressed himself further inside . 
 she moaned and moved her hips against his , making his heart quicken in response . 
 he thrust again , and soon got carried away by passion . 
 she flipped him onto his back and straddled him while grinning naughtily . 
 `` my turn , '' she whispered as she kissed his neck and traveled down to his ni ** les . 
 her hand trailed down his abdomen until it closed around him , and she stroked him exactly the way he loved it . 
 jesus , she might really kill him . 
 *** the next morning , isaac left sabrina at dawn . 
 he told her he had a merger meeting to go to , and she knew he lied to her . 
 he may have `` work '' to do , but it had nothing to do with real estate , and probably everything to do with evil vampires . 
 she twiddled her thumbs for a few hours , even picked up her latest knitting project she had been neglecting , before deciding to visit connor at mcguiness 's . 
 her hatred of being alone had caught up to her and slowly drove her insane . 
 though isaac had reminded her to stay home , he could n't truly object to her going to see another enforcer , could he ? 
 she and isaac came there often to enjoy the quietness of the tavern before opening hours , and connor 's divine omelets . 
 she 'd be perfectly safe . 
 her decision made , she hopped in the car and drove straight to the tavern , windows cracked despite the coolness of the autumn breeze . 
 she inhaled the fresh air , feeling a sense of rejuvenation . 
 the outdoors always brought her to life . 
 she hated being trapped inside . 
 and she 'd spent way too much time there lately . 
 once this whole mess ended , she 'd sleep outside , just because she could . 
 as she drove the winding roads through the hills , she racked her brain for any possible solutions to get her and isaac out of their current predicament . 
 it seemed a hopeless endeavor . 
 she 'd only been able to come up with one suggestion , and it had n't gone over well at all . 
 she shuddered as she recalled isaac 's anger upon hearing her plan . 
 arriving at the tavern , she hopped out of the car before heading inside with a light skip to her step . 
 zeke lurked nowhere in sight , causing her to wonder if the homeless act had indeed been a front all along . 
 he probably lived in a flat somewhere with a wife and kids , she snorted . 
 she made a mental note to ask isaac about it later on . 
 the tavern might not be open , but she knew connor would be there . 
 he was always here early if he was n't at her house . 
 the door had been left cracked open , a piece of cardboard jammed in the lock , like it always was before hours , and she walked to the kitchen unannounced . 
 the scent of eggs cooking teased her nose , and her stomach growled in eagerness . 
 she paused mid-stride when she heard low voices . 
 smiling smugly , she recognized connor and sheila 's voices . 
 maybe she 'd been right about them . 
 hopefully she would n't interrupt a rendezvous . 
 tiptoeing , she crept silently past the empty tables and flickering lights to approach the pair and decide if she should leave . 
 however , once she got close enough to hear them , she froze in her tracks , all thoughts of leaving gone . 
 `` i know elijah is out there , and i 'm positive he and isaac have communicated . 
 i 've seen it in his head , and sabrina 's . 
 there 's no doubt , '' sheila said . 
 sabrina 's blood ran cold . 
 they knew . 
 `` sheila , you do n't know the whole circumstances . '' 
 connor sighed . 
 `` i know he 's the enemy , and as such , should be killed . '' 
 `` it 's his brother . 
 it 's not so cut and dry , '' connor insisted . 
 `` he 's not a huge danger to humans . 
 he mostly feeds off of animals . 
 he uses blood banks , for christ 's sake . 
 he 's only lapsed a few times as a vampire . 
 if isaac wants to leave his brother alone , who are we to judge ? 
 i ca n't say i would n't do the same . '' 
 `` his brother is a menace to humans because of what he is . 
 and what about sabrina ? 
 she 's in the middle of a love triangle . 
 isaac and elijah fight over her like two dogs with a bone . 
 they think she is their long-lost love , reincarnated . '' 
 her voice held a tone of disgust . 
 sabrina 's fists tightened at her sides as anger rushed through her blood . 
 she longed to jump out and defend isaac against sheila 's bitter words . 
 `` sabrina loves isaac , sheila . 
 maybe elijah has feelings for sabrina , but i have no doubt sabrina is loyal to isaac . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` there were a few fights in the beginning , but they 're happy now . '' 
 `` and what will he do about her ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` she 's human , connor . 
 we all know relationships with humans do n't work . 
 they get old and die , or they get killed . 
 it 's not natural . 
 we need to stick to our own kind . '' 
 `` there are only two female enforcers in existence , sheila . 
 it 's not a whole lot of women to throw around , '' he said ironically . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with dallying among humans , '' sheila insisted , `` but to love one is disastrous . '' 
 `` what makes you such an expert on the subject ? '' 
 from sabrina 's hiding spot , she saw sheila blush and look away from connor 's scrutiny . 
 `` i fell for a human once . 
 i was so happy , i debated doing the forbidden by changing him myself . '' 
 `` sheila - '' connor began . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 but we were going to do it , and run and hide . 
 i had the perfect plan . 
 we were going to run away to some exotic island while i changed him , and we would go to the united states via false id , and hide in a big city there . 
 we 've always had such a hard time tracking down our enemies in big cities . 
 i figured i 'd use that . 
 `` so , we had our plane tickets bought , our bags packed . 
 i sent him out to get some books for me to read on the flight . 
 he never came back . 
 he got hit by a car . 
 dead on impact . 
 isaac came and told me . 
 he 'd been there when it happened . 
 i 've often wondered if he 'd somehow taken care of a sticky situation , if you know what i mean . '' 
 connor shook his head as sabrina stifled her gasp beneath her hand . 
 `` i do n't think isaac would kill your boyfriend , sheila . 
 that 's crazy . '' 
 sabrina paled , trembling at the force of her fury . 
 she longed to jump out and slap sheila for her accusations . 
 `` he looked at my bags , looked at my face , and said , ` sheila , i just saw neil . 
 he 'd been crossing the street , and got hit by a car . 
 he 's gone . ' 
 he came over to me , and said , ` i 'm going to pretend i do n't see those bags over there , and i 'm clueless to what you were going to do . 
 consider this your warning . ' 
 then , he turned around and left . 
 no words of comfort , nothing except the news of tony 's death . '' 
 connor sighed and seemed to surrender . 
 `` maybe he did take care of the situation , in the best way he knew . 
 maybe he did n't want to have to have to punish you . 
 you know the penalty for treason is death . 
 for both you and your boyfriend . '' 
 `` we 'd have run , and hidden . 
 i 'm not an idiot . '' 
 `` we would 've found you . 
 do n't fool yourself , '' connor insisted . 
 `` he should n't have killed him ! '' 
 sheila exclaimed . 
 `` he could 've spoken to me - '' `` and you 'd listen ? '' 
 sheila 's stubborn silence seemed answer enough . 
 `` sheila , you have to understand he did what he thought best , as ruler . 
 at least he did n't kill you , too , even knowing you had planned to commit treason . '' 
 sheila glared at connor , and finally sighed in dejection . 
 `` you 're right , of course . 
 but if i even catch wind of him thinking of doing anything to make sabrina immortal , i 'll bring it to the council . 
 i 'd love to see how he would react . 
 would he run and try to hide , knowing we would find him , or would he kill her to save himself ? '' 
 `` sheila , isaac wo n't change sabrina , i assure you . 
 he loves her too much . '' 
 sheila remained silent for a brief time before she finally insisted , `` time will tell , connor . 
 time will tell . '' 
 sheila and connor whirled , and their eyes widened . 
 `` sabrina , how long have you been there ? 
 i did n't sense you . '' 
 connor rubbed the back of his neck and peeked at sheila . 
 they both stepped toward sabrina . 
 connor looked apologetic ; sheila , triumphant . 
 sabrina shook her head , and held out her hands to stop the pair . 
 `` just-just let me go . '' 
 her hands trembled so badly it took her three attempts to open the door and slip away . 
 she bolted to her car and pulled away from the tavern . 
 she could n't believe all she 'd heard . 
 sheila seemed convinced isaac had killed her boyfriend . 
 would he have done such a thing ? 
 would he have decided this man held too much of a risk to the enforcers , that he could not lose sheila ? 
 and in deciding this , had he removed said risk and warned sheila to stay in line ? 
 it did not seem like it could be possible for isaac to behave so coldly ... so cruelly . 
 those are our rules . 
 the rules i 've been required to enforce over time . 
 if we do n't follow the rules , the waters become murky , difficult to navigate . 
 a chill ran down her back as she recalled the words he 'd spoken to her the other day . 
 maybe he could be capable of murder-and if he was , this isaac held no familiarity to her boyfriend . 
 the isaac she knew and loved had never once made her fear for her safety . 
 now , however , she wavered . 
 would he kill her to keep his place as ruler , to show he , as well , would always be held susceptible to the laws of the land , or would he fight the rules for her sake , damning them both ? 
 no , surely he could n't kill her . 
 he loved her . 
 which led to another problem altogether . 
 he was immortal ; she never would be . 
 in time , she would grow old , and he would n't . 
 what if he decided it worth the risk of death and damnation to change her so they could live together forever ? 
 she may have begged to become a monster yesterday , but she saw now why he 'd refused to allow elijah to change her . 
 and for him to do it ? 
 even worse . 
 they were doomed , no matter what . 
 their love risked too much , for them both . 
 maybe , for the safety of isaac , and the enforcers he ruled , they should n't be together at all . 
 maybe it would be best for everyone involved if she just left . 
 forever . 
 *** when sabrina arrived home , she moved quickly . 
 she did n't know how much time she had left for a successful escape , and urgency overcome her as she sprinted up the stairs . 
 she winced as she thought of what would happen when isaac discovered she 'd left . 
 there would most likely be a storm incomparable to any ever seen before . 
 she only took the time to grab a few articles of clothing and the necessary toiletries . 
 she spent too long deliberating over the note she knew she must write to isaac . 
 in the end , she wrote only four sentences . 
 i love you , isaac . 
 i 'm sorry i broke my promise , but it 's for the best . 
 please do n't follow me . 
 it 's just not meant to be-you need one of your own kind to love . 
 love always , sabrina she wiped a tear from her cheek , and left the house , not bothering to lock the door . 
 isaac would get inside anyway , and she had no more energy left to care about anyone else entering , either . 
 *** anxiety crept up isaac 's spine as he approached sabrina 's house . 
 he was n't sure why he felt that way , but he slammed his foot on the gas nonetheless . 
 he 'd learned long ago his instincts rarely failed him . 
 he found himself wishing he 'd run instead of driven , but tonight he planned on taking sabrina out to dinner . 
 he would provide plentiful amounts of wine and get her drunk . 
 because when she got drunk she got drowsy , among other things . 
 he needed her sleepy tonight . 
 tonight , he and elijah were going to conquer louisa . 
 hopefully . 
 he 'd be gone all night , and he wanted to be sure she did n't come anywhere near them when they fought . 
 he 'd also acquired a sleeping pill , should he find it necessary to use such methods . 
 he 'd rather not drug her , but he remained resolved to do so if he deemed it crucial . 
 he pulled up to her house and cursed when he saw her missing car . 
 he jumped out of his tvr cerbera . 
 his heart pounded in his ears as he sprinted to her door . 
 where the hell did she go ? 
 is she insane ? 
 `` sabrina ? '' 
 he called . 
 even as he searched for her , he knew he wasted his time . 
 he could n't sense her presence . 
 he searched the house , observing a few articles of clothing thrown about , and she 'd taken her toothbrush . 
 he growled and bolted down the stairs , only to stop when he noticed the white sheet of paper on the foyer table . 
 he scanned it and threw his head back and yelled her name . 
 thunder crashed overhead , and the wind howled so strongly that the door banged against the wall with a loud crack . 
 in a rage , isaac flipped a table across the room . 
 it banged against the wall , shattering upon impact . 
 the sight of it breaking into pieces sobered him , and he sank to the steps . 
 his emotions were whirling unleashed , and it showed in the weather outside . 
 a tree blew over from the sheer force of the wind , and it crashed onto the sabrina 's roof . 
 the house shuddered under the impact , and he wished it would fall down on him , and put him out of his misery . 
 if only he were n't freaking immortal . 
 she 'd left him after promising always to remain by his side . 
 now she was alone , and he could n't protect her from louisa . 
 he needed to find her ; he needed to protect her from herself , because she 'd created the perfect opportunity for louisa to kill her . 
 she 'd just signed her bloody death warrant . 
 chapter nineteen elijah awaited louisa by the cliff 's edge . 
 they had one chance , and one chance only , to get her . 
 he inexplicably felt guilty for using her desire for him against her in such a way . 
 he hated her more than anyone had ever hated anyone , or anything . 
 but she had created him , and in doing so , she 'd connected them for all eternity . 
 he 'd always feel an odd sense of loyalty toward her , as well as a grudging affection . 
 and it killed him . 
 he needed to end this twisted cat-and-mouse game they 'd been playing for over one hundred years . 
 he 'd finally be free of her power . 
 about damn time , too . 
 he whirled in shock , his nostrils flaring when he smelled isaac . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he hissed . 
 `` louisa will see you , and know it 's a trap . 
 get out of here . '' 
 when he saw the pain and worry echoing in isaac 's eyes , he questioned , `` what is it ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` sabrina 's gone . 
 she 's left me . 
 she 's obviously trying to keep me safe , and she thinks it 's the only way to save me . 
 and in doing so , she 's now - '' `` easy to get to . 
 son of a bitch . '' 
 `` i 'm going to find her . 
 i can only hope she 's still in the area , maybe in a hotel . 
 so our plan tonight 's off . 
 louisa will live to see another day . 
 unless , god help us , we 're too late . '' 
 `` i 'll help you search , '' elijah whispered . 
 images of sabrina being broken like amelia ran through his head in a disturbing montage . 
 isaac hesitated before nodding briskly . 
 `` you can check the airlines , see if she booked a flight . 
 i 'm off to search hotels . '' 
 they both headed off in separate directions , but isaac froze . 
 had a shadow rushed past him ? 
 no , it must have been elijah . 
 he ran toward the city and tried to block the images of what could be happening to sabrina even now . 
 *** sabrina glowered out the window in her hotel room as she watched the ocean 's turbulent swirl . 
 a horrible storm had hit england and unleashed a tornado , of all things , upon the innocent citizens . 
 she winced as she thought of it , grateful no one had been hurt . 
 isaac obviously discovered her absence , and his anger swept over the country . 
 no , anger would be putting it mildly . 
 he felt fury , devastation , betrayal . 
 it hurt to even think of him . 
 the tears welled up in her eyes again , and she wanted to scream out of sheer frustration . 
 how could she have any tears left ? 
 sabrina had done nothing but cry since she 'd left him . 
 she 'd even needed to pull the car over to the side of the road after leaving her house . 
 she could n't see well enough to drive through the steady gushing of tears . 
 she 'd broken into tears in front of the receptionist as she had checked into her hotel , and had sobbed into the phone as she had booked a flight out of england for tomorrow morning . 
 she was a wreck . 
 a weeping , snotty , red-eyed wreck . 
 ugh . 
 she walked away from the window and curled up on the bed in a fetal position . 
 it hurt too much to sit anymore . 
 the ache in her heart overpowered her every sense . 
 it throbbed constantly and gave her no rest . 
 she did n't know how she 'd get through the trip home tomorrow-let alone live the rest of her life-without him . 
 the tears rolled down her cheeks and she closed her eyes . 
 please god , let me sleep . 
 *** elijah finally discovered some useful news . 
 sabrina had booked a flight the next morning at ten . 
 he 'd needed to use vast amounts of charm upon a numberless amount of hapless booking agents , but it had paid off . 
 but now that he had news to share , he realized he and isaac had n't set a meeting point at which to rendezvous . 
 so , while his search had indeed borne fruit , it would be useless unless he could locate his brother . 
 he stood outside heathrow , trying to pick up isaac 's scent . 
 he found him easily and ran almost full-speed toward him . 
 he paused when he saw a family staring at him . 
 the pretty mother had wide eyes , as if she sensed something was wrong , and the husband glared at him , probably because his wife stared at him . 
 the little girl clutched her mother 's fingers and smiled at him cheerfully , and he felt a responding grin come to his moth . 
 he 'd always wanted children , children who had curly brown hair and bright green eyes ... another impossible dream . 
 he forced himself to walk calmly away from the crowds of people surrounding him and stopped in his tracks . 
 he flared his nostrils at the familiar stench . 
 louisa definitely hid close by . 
 did she somehow know sabrina had run ? 
 did she know she was unprotected ? 
 blast it all to hell . 
 he hesitated as he agonized over which direction to take . 
 if he went after louisa , he could try to stop her and lose . 
 if he went after isaac , they could save sabrina and later band together and defeat louisa . 
 his decision made , he headed in isaac 's direction . 
 *** isaac already tried three hotels and stood inside the fourth of the evening . 
 he had four people in front of him in line , waiting impatiently , when elijah found him . 
 `` louisa 's here . '' 
 he blanched and gripped elijah 's arm . 
 `` in this hotel , you mean ? '' 
 elijah shook his head , and reiterated , `` no , but she 's in the city . 
 i do n't know why , but i 'm scared she 's doing the same thing we are . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 `` we have to find her first , isaac . '' 
 `` i 'm trying , elijah . 
 i 'm hardly twiddling my thumbs here . 
 did you discover anything ? '' 
 `` she has a flight at ten in the morning . '' 
 `` can you smell her ? 
 i know my senses are stronger than a human 's , but they are nothing compared to yours , '' he whispered so quiet it would be inaudible to the human ear . 
 it killed him to ask elijah to search for her , but he needed to brush jealousy aside tonight . 
 saving sabrina won out over his petty feelings , and his sense of smell got ruined by the crush of people in the city . 
 he hated cities . 
 `` i can smell her , but it 's hard to tell if she 's here . 
 i think she 's very close by , however . '' 
 `` you found me ... ca n't you find her the same way ? '' 
 isaac asked somewhat impatiently . 
 he gave an irritated sigh and stepped forward another place in line . 
 `` it 's not the same . 
 i 've tracked your scent for over a hundred years . 
 sabrina 's , i 've only known a few days , '' elijah snapped . 
 this statement came out a bit too loudly , and earned them both an odd look from the couple in front of them . 
 isaac gritted his teeth and glared at them , until they turned around and whispered fervently to each other . 
 they took a step farther away from them , and he grunted in satisfaction . 
 nosy humans . 
 `` oh , '' isaac said with some surprise . 
 he had n't realized a vampire could sense people better once they were better acquainted with their scent , so to speak . 
 he wondered fleetingly how often elijah had tracked him , as he 'd never seen him until sabrina appeared . 
 `` well , at least she 's still local , '' he exclaimed while he ran a hand through his hair . 
 he barely resisted the urge to reach in front of him and throw the people out of his way as they laughed in front of him in line . 
 `` how about if i help out by checking some of the other hotels ? 
 where have you gone ? '' 
 though he did n't want elijah to be the one to discover sabrina , he also knew time was of the essence , more so than ever before . 
 reluctantly , he named the hotels he 'd visited and watched as elijah ran off to aid him in his quest for sabrina . 
 for once , he did n't feel jealousy rip through him at the thought of sabrina being brought back to him in his brother 's arms . 
 he needed to find her too badly to care how she it got accomplished . 
 he shifted his weight to his other foot , and relieved to see he finally stood next in line . 
 he sighed as the couple in front of him chatted nonsensically at the receptionist . 
 he resisted the urge to knock their heads together and throw their motionless bodies to the side . 
 when the couple finally moved toward the elevator , he quickly told the receptionist his concocted story of how his wife had come somewhere in england , and he knew she had to be in this town somewhere . 
 he did n't know what hotel she 'd chosen , but wanted to surprise her since he 'd come to england early . 
 the other times this earned the appropriate oohs and ahhs of appreciation from the recipient of his story , but this time it merely got a stern look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't give out that information . '' 
 `` not even for her husband ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not even then . '' 
 `` okay , i 'm sorry for bothering you . '' 
 isaac smiled , walked around the corner , and closed his eyes . 
 he created a gust of wind that blew the doors to the back employee entrance open . 
 the startled receptionist rushed to investigate the bang of the doors , and isaac ran to her computer . 
 a few quick movements of his hands , and he yearned to shout in delight . 
 she was here . 
 she 'd be safe now because he 'd found her . 
 thank god . 
 he heard the receptionist returning and went to the other side of the counter with a smile plastered on his face . 
 when the confused receptionist returned , she jumped to see him standing there once more . 
 `` sir , i told you - '' `` i got a hold of her ! 
 she 's here , sabrina hodges in room 215 . 
 so , i 'm going to go up to her room now . '' 
 she perked up . 
 `` oh how nice ! '' 
 she pursed her lips and shook her head . 
 `` oh , she must be the crying lady , '' she informed him . 
 the sheer intensity of the happiness washing over him made his legs feel weak enough to collapse on the floor in relief . 
 he laughed hysterically and forced a calming breath when the receptionist looked at him warily , like she worried he might be a little mad . 
 he smiled at the receptionist , resisting the urge to pull her into his arms and kiss her . 
 `` yes , she thought i 'd been delayed . 
 she 'll be quite happy to see me , i assure you . '' 
 the receptionist smiled . 
 `` elevator is to your left , when you get off on the second floor , take a right , and a quick left . '' 
 `` thank you , ma'am . '' 
 `` would you like the spare key ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , that would be wonderful . '' 
 the receptionist beamed at him , clearly happy in her role as co-conspirator , and handed him the plastic key . 
 `` she 's popular , your wife is . 
 a girlfriend of hers stopped by an hour ago as well . '' 
 he got halfway to the elevator before her words registered in his brain , and he stopped dead in his tracks . 
 his blood ran cold , and his heart clenched in his chest . 
 he slowly turned . 
 `` a friend ? '' 
 `` yes , a pretty girl , about your age . 
 perhaps you know her as well ? '' 
 he wasted no more time or effort on the receptionist and bolted to the staircase . 
 his legs were faster than any elevator could be . 
 `` the elevator 's quicker , sir , '' called the desk clerk from behind him , confused . 
 he arrived at her doorway in seconds , but the sinking dread in his heart told him she 'd already be gone . 
 or lying on the floor completely drained of blood . 
 he threw open the door and searched for any signs of sabrina . 
 the covers were wrinkled where someone had once lain , but the bed lay empty . 
 he recognized her unopened overnight bag on the chair by the window . 
 a pillow lay to the floor , and the bedside lamp had gotten tipped over . 
 of sabrina , there was no sign . 
 he growled in his throat and turned around . 
 he ran out of the hotel room and through the lobby , not caring if anyone saw his mad dash . 
 the time for appearances had ended . 
 he needed to find sabrina before he was too late . 
 he did n't stop to search for elijah-he could n't afford the delay . 
 every minute wasted added to the minutes sabrina would be scared , hurt , tortured , or even killed . 
 he ran faster than ever before , pausing for nothing . 
 he could barely even see where he ran , his speed too fast to concentrate on anything . 
 but that was okay , for he knew where he needed to go . 
 normally he would at least attempt to calm his raging emotions , to lower the risk of any unwanted injury or damage from the storm he had unleashed . 
 but not tonight . 
 tonight , he welcomed the damage he caused . 
 tonight , he embraced the danger with open arms , relished the sound of trees crashing to the ground . 
 let the storms take down the whole country of england and everyone in her . 
 he did n't give a damn , as long as he could save sabrina . 
 every step he took , he saw her cry out in pain as louisa broke her arm , broke her fingers , and broke her neck . 
 he roared and amazingly , his speed increased . 
 a cracking sound met his ears as a tree broke and collapsed to the ground in front of him . 
 he hurdled it effortlessly and continued on . 
 nothing would stop him . 
 *** sabrina lay upon the bed sleeping when she heard the light knock on the door . 
 `` housekeeping , please open the door . '' 
 `` i do n't need room service . 
 go away , '' she mumbled sleepily . 
 she rolled over and tried to go back to sleep . 
 sleeping helped her forget what she 'd done . 
 sleep was necessary for her sanity . 
 another knock sounded , and it was more insistent . 
 she heard the shuffling of the cart the maids always pushed through the hallway and glared at the door . 
 `` housekeeping , ma'am . '' 
 `` can you please leave ? 
 i do n't want to be disturbed . '' 
 she sought and found the stupid sign on the door where it hung on the inside doorknob , and she cursed . 
 `` housekeeping , '' the voice repeated . 
 she gave an annoyed sigh and glowered at the ceiling . 
 it was nighttime . 
 why would there be someone knocking on her door at this hour ? 
 maybe they did things differently in england . 
 to be honest , she did n't care ; she just wanted to be left alone to wallow in her misery . 
 she might as well let the bothersome maid in , and maybe she would leave . 
 swinging her feet out from under the blankets , she rolled lazily out of bed . 
 the pillow fell off the bed , and she stared at it for a moment . 
 let the maid earn her salary . 
 she can pick it up . 
 shaking her head at the laziness of such an action , she nevertheless walked to the door , leaving the pillow where it lay . 
 not pausing to look at the maddening maid , she unlocked the bolt , turned the knob , and swung it open . 
 `` come in . '' 
 she stomped back to the bed in a huff . 
 her hands were braced on the bed to climb in when the maid spoke . 
 `` thank you , sabrina . 
 you made it even easier than i thought it would be . '' 
 she froze in horror , and a chill ran down her spine . 
 she knew the voice behind her all too well-and she did n't want to hear it when alone in a hotel room . 
 and she 'd just invited her in . 
 idiot . 
 `` surprised , i see ? 
 well , i do n't know why . 
 you did n't actually think your pathetic plan to leave isaac would save you , or him , did you ? '' 
 she growled in a paltry imitation of isaac and stepped toward louisa . 
 `` you leave him alone ! 
 he 's done nothing to you . 
 he never did anything to deserve what you did to him . 
 he was innocent in all this . 
 he still is . '' 
 louisa laughed , lounging comfortably against the closed door . 
 she looked so calm , so relaxed . 
 so normal . 
 but looks were deceiving more often than not , and louisa could n't be farther from normal . 
 she 'd come with one purpose and one purpose only : to kill her . 
 it chilled her . 
 `` oh , sabrina . 
 you 're so funny . 
 it will truly pain me to hurt you . '' 
 she grabbed her heart , a pained expression on her face . 
 sabrina stiffened . 
 `` how about you do n't ? 
 i 'm leaving . 
 elijah 's staying . 
 even isaac is staying . 
 why do you feel the need to do this ? '' 
 her mind raced as she attempted to stall her enemy . 
 she knew louisa to be a formidable opponent , impossible to beat . 
 but , she would n't let the bitch kill her while she begged for her life . 
 hell no . 
 she 'd done this to herself . 
 stupidly , she now knew , she 'd flown the relative safety of her home and ran straight into the waiting arms of her enemy . 
 now , she 'd die . 
 `` they wo n't let you leave , you know . 
 you 're stupid to even think your plan would have worked . 
 isaac wo n't stand by while you leave him . 
 neither will elijah . 
 even if he ca n't have you , he wo n't let you leave . 
 you 're his one and only love . 
 it 's disgusting . '' 
 she glared at sabrina in spite and continued . 
 `` i do n't know what it is you do to cause this unwavering devotion . 
 you must be incredible between the sheets . 
 you certainly are n't much to look at . '' 
 fury overcame her , and she forgot her fear . 
 she glared and spat , `` go to hell . '' 
 louisa laughed . 
 `` maybe someday , but first i will personally see you get there . '' 
 the small talk obviously over , louisa stalked toward her . 
 sabrina forced herself to cower until she reached the foot of the bed . 
 sabrina knocked the lamp off the bedside table , plunging the room into darkness . 
 she launched herself over the bed to land on the other side . 
 she ran for the door as fast as she could , and felt the cool brass knob under her hand before louisa threw her backward through the air . 
 painfully , her head slammed on the floor and the wind whooshed out of her lungs , leaving her gasping for air . 
 she attempted to roll to her feet , but the heel pressing down on her throat halted her . 
 louisa smirked down at her . 
 `` nice try , sabrina . 
 impressive , even . 
 you 'll be so much more fun than that weakling amelia . 
 i bet you wo n't even faint from the pain . '' 
 she spoke with a far-off look on her face , as if she thought of the torture to come . 
 sabrina clawed at louisa 's foot , desperately trying to free herself . 
 the world turned black , and still she fought until her hands fell to the floor beside her head , and she fought no more . 
 chapter twenty louisa picked up her useless bundle and snuck back outside . 
 once there , she did n't pause until she 'd reached the clearing . 
 and when she and her unconscious guest arrived , there had been no time to waste in setting the scene . 
 a glance up poured rain down on louisa 's raised face . 
 the clouds covered the sky so densely that not even the moonlight could be seen . 
 the only light illuminating the forest surrounding them were the intermittent flashes from lightning strikes . 
 the resulting effect was gloomy and shattering . 
 sabrina watched her as she approached and crouched down beside her . 
 louisa laughed , mocking her . 
 `` this is too much fun , sabrina . 
 i ca n't wait for the show . '' 
 sabrina locked her jaw and refused to look at her . 
 it hurt like hell to talk through her bruised throat , and she did n't feel the desire to amuse louisa . 
 stuck on the ground like a sacrificial animal waiting to be slaughtered , she knew she would soon die . 
 she only wished she did n't have to break isaac 's heart in the process . 
 losing her would kill him . 
 louisa hissed and slapped her . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 though her cheek stung from the force of the blow , she still refused to look at louisa . 
 she stared into the moonless sky , allowing isaac 's storm to wash over her . 
 it gave an odd source of comfort , as if he were there by her side , holding her hand . 
 the excruciating pain in sabrina 's legs cleared her head , leaving her unwillingly aware of every detail . 
 when they had arrived in the clearing , the storm raging above knocked down a nearby tree . 
 unfortunately for sabrina , it had given louisa the wonderful idea to put the tree on top of sabrina-better drama , she had said . 
 sabrina had fought , to no avail . 
 it seemed impossible to win against louisa 's inhuman strength . 
 not a big tree by any means , it still proved heavy enough to effectively render her motionless . 
 so , she 'd gotten pinned down to helplessly await her death as her tormentor mocked her . 
 but she 'd be damned if she gave her the satisfaction of seeing her cower in fear . 
 even if it did paralyze her with its force . 
 apparently louisa had suffered enough of sabrina 's silence , for she cursed and in a fit of anger , reached forward to grab her arm threateningly . 
 sabrina tensed , but managed to glower in stubborn silence . 
 louisa flicked her wrist , and a snapping sound met sabrina 's ears . 
 pain shot up her arm , from her wrist to her shoulder , and she felt the arm drop , useless . 
 sabrina flexed a finger , testing it , and clamped her jaw tight to stop herself from crying out from the pain . 
 jesus , that hurts like hell . 
 pain-remembered pain from her dream the other night-coursed through her . 
 in a way , it helped her get through this . 
 she knew what to expect , and just how bad it would be . 
 god help her . 
 she stiffened and bit her lip , but managed to keep her silence . 
 louisa growled at her unresponsive victim and twisted the tortured arm under an agonizing squeeze until finally , sabrina cried out . 
 tears rolled down her cheeks , and blood ran from the spot she had bitten to keep her cries silent . 
 `` not so tough now with a broken arm , are you ? '' 
 she taunted . 
 `` you 're ... nothing more ... than a bully . 
 like a teenager ripping wings off of butterflies for fun , '' sabrina managed to get the words out in a steady voice . 
 louisa hissed and tightened her fist one last time before jumping to her feet . 
 she leaned over and stroked sabrina 's cheek . 
 `` stay here , doll . 
 it 's showtime . '' 
 she laughed , and stepped on sabrina 's broken arm as she walked away to hide in the forest . 
 *** isaac paused short of the clearing to assess the situation . 
 he could sense louisa had been here , and probably still hid somewhere . 
 he strained to catch sabrina 's presence : her perfume , her shampoo , anything . 
 there ! 
 a hint of lavender . 
 his nostrils flared as he latched onto her signature scent . 
 heart pounding , he approached the clearing . 
 she was here . 
 as necessary as he knew his caution to be , it still hurt to go so slowly when he knew she was out there , hurt or ... dead . 
 no , he would know if it she were dead . 
 he would feel the absence deep inside him . 
 she had to be alive , and he needed to save her . 
 and when he finished rescuing her , he would kiss her senseless and wring her little neck for putting him through this torture . 
 he peered into the clearing from the cover of the trees , all senses finely attuned for any sign of ambush . 
 the rain came down so heavily and the wind whipped so severely he could n't see anything . 
 aggravated at yet another setback , he forced himself to take a deep breath and concentrate on reining in his emotions . 
 slowly , the wind died down , and the rain dissipated . 
 he could n't see anyone in the clearing , neither louisa nor sabrina . 
 he began to doubt his intuition , thinking he 'd been wrong , when through the silence of the night , he heard a soft sob . 
 pausing , he cocked his head toward the noise . 
 it had sounded like a tiny whimper , as if someone were trying to remain silent in fear of discovery . 
 but it could n't be sabrina . 
 why would n't she want him to find her , rescue her ? 
 to save him . 
 she probably tried to make him leave , the little fool . 
 she would kill herself to keep him safe . 
 did n't she know he had no life worth saving if she died ? 
 it was too damn dark . 
 he closed his eyes and concentrated . 
 it took a lot of energy from him , but a long , bright flash of lightning struck . 
 when it did , isaac opened his eyes to scan the clearing . 
 only a fallen tree lay in the clearing . 
 perhaps one last lightning bolt , mostly to be sure the cry had been a figment of his imagination . 
 then he saw her . 
 his heart stopped dead . 
 chapter twenty-one god , everything looked so dark . 
 she could hear her breathing , erratic and uncontrollable . 
 each breath took an immense amount of effort , sounding unbelievably loud in her ears , easily drowning out the sound of the storm raging above her . 
 she wanted to cry out , to yell out her despair to the forest that surrounded her , but instead bit her lip until she tasted blood . 
 her arm hurt like hell , and the excruciating pain in her legs kept her way too alert for her liking . 
 they were almost numb at this point , which she supposed could n't be a good thing . 
 not like it mattered anyway . 
 soon she would be dead . 
 the sound of her gasping breaths was interrupted every once in a while by a sob escaping her lips , but she tried not to cry . 
 she could n't let them find her . 
 they did n't need to witness this again . 
 but her hopes were dashed when his face appeared over hers , ghostly white against the black night . 
 his voice washed over her like a healing balm , and some small part of her hoped he could save her , but the larger , and louder , part wanted him to leave . 
 now . 
 `` s-sabrina , '' he whispered . 
 his blue eyes met hers , and she saw his eyes were bright with unshed tears . 
 `` oh , god , what have i done ? '' 
 he cried . 
 the anguish on his face hurt her so much she tried to reach out to touch him , only to gasp as she got reminded , all too painfully , that her arm had been broken . 
 isaac gazed at her arms , and her face , with tears in his eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , sabrina . '' 
 `` not ... your ... fault , '' she managed to force out through her swollen throat . 
 his gaze fly to her neck , and he blanched at her bruised skin . 
 `` what else is hurt ? '' 
 he asked urgently . 
 `` my ... arm ... '' she muttered between her clenched teeth . 
 `` but louisa - '' as she spoke , he cursed and probed her broken arm . 
 she gasped in pain , and he withdrew his touch . 
 `` i 'm going to take the tree off of you , and get you out of here . 
 i 'm sorry , this is going to hurt ... '' pain laced through his voice , and his eyes apologized for the agony he needed to cause . 
 she looked at him , ready to assure him she did n't give a damn , and cried out instead . 
 louisa smiled at her over his shoulder as she raised the rock and knocked him over the head . 
 isaac went down without a fight . 
 he had n't even seen louisa coming since he had been so worried about her . 
 `` you bitch , '' sabrina snarled , finding strength in her fury . 
 `` i swear to god i am going to kill you . '' 
 louisa laughed and slung isaac over her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm certain you 'd love to do just that , darling . '' 
 fury swelled over sabrina , and she fought to free herself using the few unbroken body parts she could still move . 
 unfortunately , she remained trapped beneath the tree so she watched in dismay as louisa propped him against a tree and punched him in the face . 
 though he jerked at the abuse , he did n't awaken even as blood gushed out of his nose . 
 `` that was fun . '' 
 louisa laughed . 
 she turned away from isaac and looked at sabrina . 
 `` everything 's coming together perfectly . 
 thank you for your help . '' 
 sabrina swallowed roughly and glared at her enemy . 
 `` go to hell . '' 
 louisa smiled and stalked over to her . 
 `` what did you say ? 
 i did n't hear you . '' 
 she came over to sabrina 's unharmed arm and grabbed it . 
 `` did you say something , hmm ? '' 
 leaned into her face , she arched a brow and watched sabrina , smiling delightfully-with pure evil . 
 excitement shone in her eyes , and lit up her face in a sheer mockery of joy . 
 sabrina knew if she opened her mouth , she would receive another useless limb as an award for her efforts . 
 but she no longer cared . 
 `` i said , go to hell , you nasty bitch . '' 
 the pain of her arm being broken came immediately , and she bit her lip without a sound . 
 she felt her teeth rip through her lip and tasted the metallic flavor of blood on her tongue , but she refused to budge . 
 the pain doubled when louisa twisted the arm at an unnatural angle . 
 still , she did n't cry out . 
 it was the only thing in her control at the moment , and by god , she 'd remain silent . 
 louisa studied her with wide eyes , and exclaimed , `` what the hell is wrongwith you ? '' 
 it would have been almost laughable in any other circumstance . 
 the woman who made a habit of torturing women and breaking bones asked what was wrong with her . 
 but the irony got lost when louisa released her arm and ripped the tree off her legs to throw it at isaac . 
 it landed against his chest , the thick crunching sound causing sabrina to cringe . 
 the tree rolled to a stop at his feet . 
 his eyes were open , and he looked pissed . 
 he 'd changed into a vampire ; it showed in the hard lines of his face . 
 he roared , murder written in his eyes , and threw the tree off of himself . 
 he jumped up and charged at louisa . 
 he halted when louisa grabbed sabrina and held her in front of her like a shield . 
 louisa had one hand on her head and another on her shoulder . 
 `` one more step , and you can say goodbye to her head , '' she warned . 
 `` you 'll never be able to save her if she 's headless , no matter what beast you become . '' 
 `` do n't listen , isaac . 
 she 'll kill me no matter what you do . '' 
 `` shut up , you insignificant human . '' 
 louisa growled in her ear . 
 she turned to isaac and taunted , `` what a predicament , isaac . 
 what should you do ? 
 you ca n't come save her . 
 she 'd be dead before you even get close to me . 
 and if you do n't come to her rescue , she 'll die anyway . 
 `` so will you step forward now , knowing she will be put out of her misery quickly , like a dog ? 
 it 's what your brother did to amelia-stabbed her like a sick animal . 
 she did n't deserve his mercy . 
 or , do you wait , holding out hope that some way , somehow , you will overcome me ? 
 now , that 's a laughable prospect . '' 
 isaac hissed . 
 `` i will kill you , louisa . 
 have no doubt . '' 
 `` you are such a man , all talk and no action . 
 all these promises you men make to women , but never follow through . 
 love , honor , respect-revenge . '' 
 she sneered in an unnerving imitation of humor . 
 `` i 'm sure you swore to keep sabrina safe from me . 
 yet here she is . 
 broken and bloodied . 
 and soon ? 
 dead . '' 
 louisa backed away , and isaac took a casual step closer . 
 she glared at his movement . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 he obeyed her command , holding his arms up in a gesture of peace . 
 `` louisa , we can work out a deal , i swear . 
 i 'll let you walk away , if you just give me sabrina , '' he said in soothing tones . 
 `` we can make this work ... '' louisa sneered at him . 
 `` no , and do n't move again . '' 
 she looked behind him and her eyes widened in horror . 
 isaac whirled around to see what stood behind him , only to see nothing but the gloomy forest . 
 he cursed and spun back around . 
 he 'd fallen for the oldest trick in the book , damn it . 
 she 'd left . 
 *** louisa looked down at her bundle in disgust . 
 weakling . 
 though even she had to admit she had been impressed by the strength sabrina had shown thus far . 
 she 'd refused to give in to louisa , and she knew amelia would n't have been so strong . 
 she would have been screaming and crying like a baby long ago . 
 sabrina had hardly uttered a cry the whole time , and she 'd been much rougher on her than she had been amelia . 
 louisa felt a reluctant respect for this woman , this mere human . 
 she did n't want to feel any kind feelings toward her , but found she did . 
 louisa almost wished she did n't have to kill her . 
 she reminded louisa of how she , herself , had been , so long ago . 
 stubborn , strong , beautiful . 
 even with broken bones throughout her body , sabrina 's strength and beauty shone through into the night . 
 she ignored any and all feelings of pity or sympathy for sabrina , and increased her speed . 
 she almost made it to the cliffs when something hit her from behind . 
 she fell on top of sabrina and heard another bone break from the force of her fall . 
 maybe i killed her . 
 she jumped to her feet , but before she could reach a standing position , she got hit from behind and thrown back on the ground . 
 elijah launched off the tree at his side and landed on louisa , snarling . 
 she twisted within his grasp , her hair whipping around them , and they rolled around the ground in a battle for control . 
 their breathing came out in harsh pants as each fought to get a grip upon the other , a grip that could give an advantage . 
 they slammed into an old tree near sabrina , and it shuddered from the strength of the impact . 
 louisa fought against his hold desperately and kicked him in the stomach . 
 he soared through the air and bounced off an enormous boulder . 
 she leapt to her feet and sprinted for sabrina . 
 isaac only spared a cursory glance at sabrina before he joined in the fray . 
 her biggest threat was n't lying alone in the forest ; it was louisa . 
 and louisa ran straight for her . 
 he growled and launched himself at her . 
 the tree shook under the force of the blow , but she whirled around the trunk and climbed the tree . 
 he followed suit , gaining speed as he got higher and higher . 
 as louisa reached the top of the towering tree , she froze . 
 her eyes looked from where elijah perched on the outside of the thick branch to where isaac stood on the inside . 
 she 'd gotten trapped between them , and judging from the panicked darting of her eyes back and forth between the brothers , she knew it . 
 isaac took a step closer to her in unison with elijah . 
 she growled as they took another step . 
 isaac looked at elijah , and elijah nodded imperceptibly . 
 he would lunge for louisa , and elijah would rip her head off while he held her captive in his arms . 
 isaac roared and jumped at her . 
 his arms groped thin air , and he plummeted to the ground below . 
 he heard elijah cry his name as he bounced off of branch after branch . 
 he tried to grab the branches as he hit them , but still got beaten in the face , back , and side by the unyielding bark as he flailed for a stronghold . 
 blackness threatened to overcome him , and he cursed when he realized he 'd changed back to human form . 
 he needed to start controlling his emotions better so he could in turn control his changes . 
 he spent the rest of the short fall trying to concentrate on changing back into a vampire , or a wolf , or anything . 
 he failed . 
 he crashed to the ground below . 
 chapter twenty-two `` wake up , isaac . '' 
 he heard elijah 's voice as if it came through a train tunnel , as though he yelled from the other side . 
 he moaned and opened his eyes to stare at his brother for a moment , then his eyes widened . 
 he jumped up and under obvious effort , and elijah followed . 
 `` where 's louisa ? '' 
 isaac grunted . 
 `` i think she 's left . 
 let 's get sabrina out of here . 
 she needs to be examined by a doctor . '' 
 isaac blanched as he remembered his brief glimpse of her lying broken on the ground . 
 he whirled and sprinted back to where sabrina had been . 
 he stopped , spinning wildly in a circle as his heart raced . 
 she was n't there . 
 she could n't possibly move on her own , so it left one person . 
 louisa . 
 he cursed . 
 `` louisa ! '' 
 `` over here , '' she called sweetly . 
 they turned at the sound of her voice . 
 and both froze in horror . 
 she perched at the cliff 's edge , holding sabrina over the edge by her neck . 
 her feet hung useless , like a rag doll 's . 
 the cliffs towered above the ocean at intimidating heights-the same cliffs that had killed many a person foolish enough to approach too close to the edge . 
 louisa practically glowed in triumph . 
 isaac looked at louisa 's face , and at sabrina 's lifeless body , and knew what she would do . 
 it showed in the evil smile that lurked on her face , the excitement shining in her eyes . 
 he yelled out in fury and ran . 
 he sprinted faster than he ever had before . 
 but he still arrived too late . 
 louisa hurled sabrina over the side of the cliff . 
 she plunged toward the water at an alarming speed , soon to sink into the dark , cold , turbulent seas below . 
 isaac dove over without breaking stride , and after impossibly long , breathless seconds , knifed into the water . 
 he searched frantically , looking for any signs of sabrina . 
 he caught sight of her head and saw her take a gasping breath . 
 she sank below the surface , and he took a deep breath and went down after her . 
 he swam in the direction he 'd seen her sink , hoping against all odds he would find her in the treacherous waters . 
 his hand brushed against something , and he immediately latched onto it . 
 seaweed . 
 damn it . 
 he had the benefit of being able to hold his breath longer than a human , and he 'd never been more grateful for the gift than now . 
 he swam deeper , and each stroke brought more despair over him . 
 he had to find her . 
 he could n't live without her . 
 *** elijah yelled sabrina 's name and sprinted to the edge of the cliff . 
 he tried to follow into the water out of instinct-he had to save sabrina-but his body forced him to stop at the edge . 
 he watched isaac dive neatly over the edge and cursed . 
 he studied the water , trying to see her head , her body , anything . 
 there . 
 there she is . 
 she sank below the surface , her red curls disappearing below the dark water once more , and he watched in helpless frustration as isaac swam toward her . 
 he kicked a rock lying near the cliff 's edge , and it rolled into the ocean , where he , himself , could not go . 
 damn , what a useless piece of crap he 'd turned out to be . 
 laughter came from behind him , and fury overcame him . 
 `` that held a nice touch , do n't you think ? 
 this time , there 's no way you can save her . 
 you ca n't save her . 
 again . '' 
 he roared in anger and lunged at her . 
 `` no , elijah ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 even as she screamed at him , he collided against her and they went flying backward . 
 there was no chance to grab onto the side of the cliff , no chance to stop their deadly fall . 
 they catapulted over the side . 
 he 'd found a way to conquer the barrier from death . 
 he had to attack another without intending to go over the side . 
 life finally felt good . 
 when he hit the water , it would make him die as it ate his skin and body away until nothing existed . 
 he 'd be free . 
 finally free . 
 he saw louisa reach for him , and he attempted to jerk back . 
 he did n't want to die while touching her , but she had always been older and stronger than elijah and managed to grab his arm anyway . 
 she swirled in the air and threw him toward the cliff wall using all her strength . 
 he smashed into the cliff and grabbed on the rocky sides , hanging in mid-air . 
 elijah clung to the side and threw his head back as he let out an agonized yell . 
 she 'd saved him from dying . 
 he turned his head and watched with horror as his maker hit the water and dissolved . 
 the last to go was her head , and she kept her eyes on him the whole time . 
 he watched , mesmerized , as she finally melted away to nothing . 
 why ? 
 why had she saved him , and not let him die ? 
 had she had done it out of some misguided devotion toward him ? 
 or had she simply done it to deny him what he had wanted most in that moment , which was his death and hers ? 
 he studied his hands on the rocky wall , commanding them to release the wall and allow him to drop to his acidic grave , but instead they climbed the cliff of their own accord until he could leap nimbly over the side , and onto safe ground . 
 the one chance he 'd stood of plunging into the water was gone ; she 'd ruined it . 
 like she 'd ruined everything else in his life , including him . 
 *** isaac was losing hope when he saw something float in front of him . 
 he reached a hand out , and latched on . 
 it was hair . 
 curly hair . 
 he clutched it and pulled . 
 he hoped it was sabrina and not an old corpse . 
 when he reached the top , he dragged the unresponsive body to the surface and looked at the face . 
 relief came over him , followed quickly by fear . 
 it was sabrina . 
 but not the one he knew . 
 this sabrina was lifeless and pale . 
 he had her in his arms again , but she did n't appear to be breathing . 
 he felt for a pulse and was relieved to feel a very faint one , but faint was better than none , right ? 
 please , please let her be okay , god . 
 `` sabrina . 
 oh , do n't die on me . 
 come on . '' 
 he swam to the cliff and slung her over his shoulder . 
 he knew he must be hurting her immensely , but he did n't have time to be gentle now . 
 he scaled the cliff , feeling the rocks rip open his palms as he went higher and higher . 
 when he finally reached the top , he laid her on the ground to examine her . 
 again he put a finger on her throat to feel for a pulse . 
 the faint thrum he 'd heard seemed to have disappeared . 
 he let out a roar of anguish , and administered mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . 
 maybe she just needed help breathing . 
 please let it be that . 
 he could handle anything else , just not losing her . 
 after what seemed like forever , her body shuddered and she spewed out an obscene amount of water . 
 he rolled her to her side to allow it all to exit and rubbed her back . 
 when she finished coughing , he returned her to lying on her back . 
 she stared up at him as her whole body shook from the cold . 
 he hesitated , unsure of what to do . 
 he did n't want to risk moving her and injuring her even worse . 
 she took a shuddering breath and seemed to stop breathing . 
 `` sabrina , breathe , '' he commanded . 
 `` it ... hurts ... too ... much , '' she managed to whisper . 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 `` w-what should i do ? 
 can i move you ? 
 bring you to the hospital ? '' 
 `` no ... too late . 
 do n't move me . 
 please , is she dead ? '' 
 it seemed important to her to hear the words , to know he was safe . 
 with blurred vision , he nodded and lied . 
 `` yes , she 's dead . 
 sabrina , '' he whispered . 
 tears rolled down his cheeks unheeded , and he tightened his grip on her shoulders . 
 `` i ca n't ... i ca n't just let you die . 
 i love you . '' 
 her lips moved as she tried to smile . 
 `` i. . . 
 love you , too . 
 just ... stay with me . '' 
 chapter twenty-three running footsteps approached behind them , and isaac spun , presumably ready to defend sabrina at all costs . 
 when he saw it was elijah and not louisa , he turned back to his love . 
 his brother knelt by their side and checked for a pulse as isaac stared at sabrina like a man lost . 
 `` she 's alive , but barely , '' elijah murmured . 
 `` louisa 's dead . 
 i watched her die . '' 
 isaac gave a quick nod and focused on his brother for a moment . 
 `` she ca n't live . 
 she 's been through too much . 
 she wants me to let her-let her die . '' 
 elijah hesitated . 
 `` we should carry her to a hospital . 
 we can at least try . '' 
 isaac nodded and wiped the tears off his face . 
 he pulled her into his arms , but stopped when she cried out in pain . 
 `` no ... it ... hurts . '' 
 isaac put her back down , looking at elijah with panic on his face . 
 they stared at each other wordlessly . 
 isaac turned to sabrina . 
 `` i 'm s-s-so sorry , love , '' he whispered brokenly . 
 returning his gaze to elijah 's , he spoke in hushed tones . 
 `` we ca n't move her . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` you 've got to let her go . 
 she 's not going to make it , isaac . '' 
 pain was evident in elijah 's voice , but his eyes did not waver from isaac 's even as he blinked back the tears . 
 he could n't break down when his brother needed him most . 
 he 'd been a horrible brother over the years , but now he 'd be strong . 
 no matter how much it hurt . 
 isaac yelled with raw anger and thunder boomed around them . 
 even elijah cringed at the sheer volume of the bang . 
 `` i have to do something , '' he swore . 
 as he spoke , elijah saw his face light up . 
 he instantly tensed . 
 he knew the look in isaac 's eyes . 
 as children , he 'd always seen it appear right before isaac told him a plan sure to get their small butts paddled . 
 `` isaac , what ? '' 
 `` i 'll bite her , elijah . 
 it 'll change her , and we can run away . '' 
 `` no , absolutely not , '' he objected . 
 `` she would n't want you to risk yourself to save her . 
 she would n't allow it . '' 
 `` in case you have n't noticed , she 's not in the condition to allow anything . '' 
 isaac gestured angrily to her motionless body . 
 elijah glared and shook his head . 
 `` no , '' he repeated . 
 isaac growled at him , and elijah smiled bitterly . 
 `` i wo n't allow you to do this . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see you try to stop me , brother . '' 
 isaac knelt by sabrina 's side . 
 he looked over his shoulder to ensure elijah had n't stepped closer . 
 elijah remained still , studying isaac from under hooded eyes . 
 he could continue to gawk all he bloody wanted , as long as he did n't interfere . 
 once he was confident elijah meant no harm to him , or sabrina , he stroked sabrina 's face . 
 her eyes opened , and she stared at him vacantly . 
 she was barely even here-he needed to move fast . 
 or he 'd lose her . 
 `` sabrina , honey . 
 i 'm going to have to bite you . 
 it 'll hurt . 
 a lot . 
 i 'm sorry , but this is the only way , '' isaac said , as soothingly as he knew how . 
 her eyes widened in horror as she licked her parched lips , attempting to speak . 
 he leaned closer to hear her words , which were barely a whisper . 
 `` not ... you . 
 elijah ... please . '' 
 she stared over his head at his brother , and isaac fought the anger and pain that swelled up inside him . 
 he knew why she said it . 
 she was trying to protect him , to save him even now . 
 but still , it hurt . 
 and she must have seen it in his eyes , the doubts plaguing him even now . 
 `` i. . . 
 love ... you . 
 but no ... please . '' 
 once again she looked over his head at elijah , and he heard his brother curse . 
 isaac watched as she turned her eyes back to him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he shook his head in confusion , wondering why she apologized . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too , '' he heard elijah murmur from behind him . 
 as soon as he heard elijah speak , he knew . 
 she had n't been asking elijah to change her . 
 she had been asking elijah to help her stop isaac from doing so at all . 
 she was going to let herself die . 
 but he was too late in his discovery , and the last thing he saw was sabrina 's stricken face , and the tears running down her cheek . 
 the pain exploded in his head , and he collapsed to the ground . 
 sabrina focused on isaac as the tears ran down her face . 
 she was dying . 
 she knew it . 
 but at least she 'd taken louisa down as well . 
 okay , well she had n't , but the bitch was dead . 
 that was all that mattered to her . 
 not whether she herself had killed her , but that she 'd gotten the bitch down , one way or another . 
 still , she hated betraying isaac in her last moments , but she could n't - would n't - allow him to ruin his life for her . 
 thankfully , elijah had understood what she had wanted , even if isaac himself had been oblivious . 
 `` take him ... away . 
 leave me here . '' 
 she breathed , closing her eyes , and waited for death to take her . 
 she was growing weaker by the moment and knew her time was coming . 
 every breath was a struggle ; every movement was harder than the last . 
 when she heard elijah move beside her , she opened her eyes for one last look at isaac before elijah removed him from her side . 
 instead of picking up isaac , elijah bent over her . 
 she looked at him in confusion , and her eyes widened in realization of what he was going to do . 
 `` no , h-h-h-he 'll kill you . '' 
 elijah looked at her in sorrow . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 sabrina felt fury and fear overcome her , but was left wallowing in helplessness as he leaned over her motionless body . 
 oh , how she longed to fight him off , to punch his nose and kick him , all while she screamed . 
 but she could n't . 
 the last of her strength had left her , and she could not even utter more than a paltry whimper of protest . 
 desperately searching for a way to stop him , she whispered one final word . 
 `` amelia ... '' elijah tensed . 
 `` i 'd have done this for her , if i had the power . 
 now i have the means to save you , and by god i will use it . 
 i wo n't watch you die again . '' 
 elijah bent over sabrina and cringed . 
 he had n't had human blood in a year , at least not fresh from a warm body . 
 he 'd raided blood banks on a regular basis , but it was like comparing a hot meal fresh from the oven to a meal that had sat out for two hours on the table . 
 he was worried he would n't be able to stop once he started feeding , but strictly reined in his doubts . 
 he had to do this ; he had to save her . 
 isaac would understand . 
 he would see he had done what he felt needed to be done . 
 elijah could n't allow isaac to do what was against his laws and get himself killed in the process . 
 not when he had it in his power to save her as well , minus dire consequences , any more than he could sit and watch sabrina die . 
 not bloody likely . 
 elijah leaned over sabrina and cleared her wet hair away from her throat . 
 he could see her pulse beating , faint and slow . 
 she was barely alive , so time was certainly of an essence . 
 elijah leaned into her neck to kiss her while taking one final , fortifying breath . 
 he could do this . 
 elijah bared his teeth and bit into her tender skin . 
 she jerked in response and gasped beneath him . 
 he knew he hurt her , but still he could n't contain his moan of delight . 
 he lapped up her blood greedily . 
 he 'd never tasted anything so sweet in his life , and he devoured every drop he could manage . 
 it was n't until she went limp beneath him and fell silent that he remembered who she was , and why he was doing this . 
 he gasped and jerked away , and in a panic searched her pale face for signs of life . 
 was she drained , and dead ? 
 if so , he 'd wait here for isaac to awaken , and let him kill him as well . 
 he would not , could not , go on . 
 sabrina moaned , and he looked at her in renewed hope . 
 he guiltily pushed down the animal instinct telling him to finish the rest of his meal . 
 instead , he bit his own wrist , drawing blood , and pressed his wrist to her mouth . 
 the blood trickled in , and her eyes flew open in response . 
 she arched her back in protest and tried to move her head away from his blood , but he held her firm . 
 she whimpered , and tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 when color came back to her cheeks , he allowed her to have her way , and he pulled his wrist back . 
 his blood was smeared on her face , and he fought the surge of possessiveness that came over him . 
 mine . 
 `` it hurts . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` so bad . '' 
 elijah bent over her and smoothed her hair back from her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sabrina . 
 so sorry . '' 
 isaac stirred next to him and elijah tensed . 
 he was going to get hell from his brother , and isaac might well kill him . 
 but he would n't kill sabrina , right ? 
 elijah shuddered and pulled her into his arms . 
 if he was going to have to run from isaac , he was not leaving her behind . 
 he knew isaac loved her , had even been prepared to transform her himself , but things always changed in this world . 
 he could have not gone through with his plan , could have remembered his duties and allowed sabrina to die on this cliff . 
 elijah acknowledged he 'd taken the choice away from isaac and he feared the consequences . 
 not for himself , but for sabrina . 
 elijah looked down into her pain-wracked face and love swelled over him . 
 he could n't risk her life , and he could n't trust isaac . 
 he did n't know how his brother would react to the `` new '' sabrina , and she was too weak and vulnerable to withstand attack . 
 enforcers often hunted down new changelings avidly , for they were easy prey . 
 without further thought , elijah lifted her and sprinted away from isaac . 
 he needed to keep sabrina safe , at all costs . 
 even from the man she loved . 
 chapter twenty-four isaac moaned , disoriented , as he sat up and cradled his head in his hands . 
 why was he lying outside in the cold night in the first place ? 
 in a horrifying sequence of pictures , he saw it all . 
 sabrina lying in the clearing , pinned down by the tree his storm had knocked down , sabrina getting thrown into the water , sabrina dying by the cliff 's edge . 
 he 'd wanted to save her , to bite her . 
 but they had n't allowed him ; they 'd knocked him out instead . 
 and let her die . 
 he growled and jumped up , looking around madly . 
 had sabrina died when he 'd been unconscious ? 
 or had she allowed elijah to bite her , after having denied isaac the chance to do so ? 
 no , the right to do so . 
 she belonged to him , and he to her . 
 yet she refused the one course of action that had been open to him . 
 he tried not to allow it to hurt him , but it was like trying to stop the rain from falling or the wind from blowing . 
 it was n't possible . 
 he heard the ground crunching beneath footsteps behind him , and he swung around in excitement . 
 were they still here ? 
 had they not left him , after all ? 
 he saw a woman and man walking out of the darkness of the trees , and tensed in apprehension . 
 it could n't be sabrina . 
 she would n't be able to walk . 
 he cursed when he was able to recognize the pair approaching him . 
 `` sheila , connor . 
 what brings you here ? '' 
 sheila looked at her companion , and connor nodded . 
 sheila spoke eagerly . 
 `` we could sense a new vampire was nearby , and so we followed the scent . 
 it led to this spot , and we saw you . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he stiffened and felt rage come over him . 
 so elijah had changed her . 
 had she allowed him-nay , welcomed him ? 
 thunder boomed overhead , and he cursed . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 there was a fight , and sabrina was badly injured . 
 i was here , with her , and elijah struck me . 
 i just woke up . 
 i suppose he changed her while i was unconscious , and ran from me . 
 louisa was the culprit , and she 's dead . '' 
 all the time he was explaining , his mind was on sabrina and elijah . 
 where were they ? 
 did elijah actually think isaac would harm sabrina ? 
 the woman he loved ? 
 sheila chuckled , and he looked at her inquiringly . 
 `` you find something in my story amusing , sheila ? '' 
 he let his anger show . 
 `` no , in your thoughts ! '' 
 she exclaimed as she gestured at his head . 
 shit , he 'd forgotten to guard his thoughts , had completely forgotten her power was to read minds . 
 was he insane ? 
 he quickly remedied the problem and guarded his thoughts from nosy ears . 
 sheila would like nothing more than to get revenge against him for past wrongs . 
 he knew it as well as she did . 
 `` get out of your king 's head , sheila . 
 i did n't give you permission to fish around in my thoughts . '' 
 despite her bravado , she paled in the face of his ire . 
 `` i know what you think , isaac , and this has nothing to do with revenge . 
 but i do know what i see , and i see you were going to change her yourself , and the only reason you did n't do so is because elijah stopped you . 
 `` i know also how much you love her , and so i wonder if the lines are still drawn strictly . 
 you have always said if there was a newborn vampire , we must hunt it down and kill it before it gains strength . ' 
 a dead vampire is the only good vampire ' , as you said . 
 `` so , isaac , does this still hold true if the newborn is your girlfriend ? 
 or are we simply to turn our heads and pretend these rules do not apply to you , our esteemed ruler ? '' 
 he 'd never hit a woman before , but there was first time for everything , damn it . 
 isaac growled , and would have leapt on her in anger if connor had n't stepped forward . 
 he forced a calming breath and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 he loved sabrina , but he also knew if he left and ran off with sabrina , the enforcers would battle for control . 
 there would be a dissension in the ranks as they all fought to take his place . 
 he was n't a vain man by any means , but he knew he 'd kept the men , and the few women , under his control over the years . 
 they all looked to him for punishment , rules , and guidance . 
 to fail them all now would mean to fail all mankind . 
 his enforcers would be too busy fighting each other to save mere mortals from death . 
 but along the same vein , he 'd be able to escape all the easier if that were the case . 
 he and sabrina could slip under the radar , lost within the battles that would be waged . 
 finding the treasonous enforcer would take second place to finding a leader , by far . 
 they 'd be able to slip away unnoticed , find a secluded spot , and let the world go to hell . 
 he cursed and punched a nearby tree . 
 choose love , and curse all mankind ? 
 or choose duty , and curse himself ? 
 it was n't a choice any man wanted to make . 
 it was n't a choice any man should have to make . 
 sheila 's gloating eyes followed his every movement and again he resisted the urge to punch her in her face . 
 he instead forced his gaze to connor 's admittedly more sympathetic scrutiny . 
 though he may feel empathy for isaac 's plight , he was also one of the first who would hunt down isaac and sabrina if they were to run . 
 shit . 
 `` i 'll take care of this situation . 
 do n't ask me how , because i do n't know yet . 
 but one way or another , it will be taken care of . 
 i ask you to allow me some time to decide . '' 
 connor nodded hesitantly and refused to meet his eyes . 
 `` how long do you need ? '' 
 `` give me one day . 
 one day , and if i do n't return , you may begin choosing a new leader . 
 if i return , we will never speak of this again . '' 
 isaac scowled at the pair . 
 sheila smiled , and connor nodded . 
 `` how will we know you really took care of it ? '' 
 sheila had the audacity to question . 
 he could n't believe she was so eager to bring him down . 
 so excited at the prospect of him having to kill sabrina . 
 or , perhaps , more excited at the idea of being able to kill her king . 
 yeah , it was probably that which prompted her sudden bravado . 
 `` because i will have said so ! '' 
 isaac shouted at the top of his lungs . 
 he 'd had enough of this shit . 
 `` do not make the mistake of forgetting who i am , sheila . '' 
 thunder boomed as he took a step toward her . 
 sheila paled and backed away in the face of his anger . 
 he studied her , not removing his eyes from hers . 
 she looked terrified . 
 good . 
 `` i understand , '' connor said simply . 
 `` but if you do n't return - '' `` i also understand your position . 
 i 'm in agreement with your terms . 
 now i ask you-no , command you-to leave me alone . '' 
 sheila and connor left his sight , and isaac allowed his tight shoulders to sag . 
 suddenly , the weight of the world seemed to rest on his right shoulder . 
 it was excruciating . 
 isaac stood on the edge of the cliff and scowled into the turbulent ocean . 
 the wind whipped through his hair , and for once it was not perfectly in place . 
 the clouds thundered overhead , dark and dismal . 
 the waves crashed on the shore far below , and it was clear that the very nature of the ocean , wind , and skies were all in tune to his foul mood . 
 his teeth clenched , and his fists tightened . 
 he threw his head back , his arms straight out to his side , and let out a yell of despair so loud it dominated the matching boom of thunder that crashed at the same moment . 
 he dropped to his knees , momentarily spent . 
 the winds died down , and a curious calm overtook his face . 
 the waves slowed , and the clouds lightened . 
 he stood and walked into the dark forest with a determined , steady gait . 
 his decision was made . 
 *** elijah did n't cease his mad sprint until he reached his small hut nestled deep in the forest . 
 sabrina moaned louder now , and he cradled her closer to him . 
 he 'd done this to her ; it was his fault . 
 but she would feel better eventually . 
 she was n't dead . 
 she moaned as he laid her on the bed and opened her eyes . 
 she looked around in panic , not recognizing her surroundings . 
 she gasped and tried to speak . 
 `` isaac ? '' 
 elijah flinched . 
 `` not here . '' 
 panic filled her eyes , and he squeezed her hand . 
 `` i 'm here , sabrina . 
 i 'll take care of you . 
 you 'll be okay . 
 soon , you 'll pass out , and when you wake up all the pain will be gone . 
 but i 'll be here through it all . 
 i promise . '' 
 a tear rolled down her cheek , and she whispered one word . 
 `` isaac ... '' her eyes closed against his pleading gaze , and rejection coursed over his body . 
 he 'd bitten her , made her his , and still she cried out for isaac . 
 part of him had thought-no , hoped-she 'd be drawn to him . 
 as she should but apparently she was immune to him even in this new world . 
 why did he have to love her so much ? 
 and how did you tell the woman you loved , the woman who you could not live without , that she could n't see the man she loved because he might very well kill her ? 
 he lowered his head to the bed beside her and groaned . 
 life sucks . 
 chapter twenty-five sabrina lay upon the bed . 
 her whole body felt like it was frozen in ice . 
 she longed to writhe , scream , and shout . 
 but yet , the worst she could manage was a pitiful whimper . 
 she did n't bother to open her eyes any longer . 
 she 'd only see elijah hovering over her , worry and pain in his eyes . 
 he had n't left her side yet , seemed scared to leave her-as if she would vanish into thin air if he were n't standing guard over her . 
 when she 'd written her books , she 'd always described the changing from a human to a vampire as fire . 
 fire burning its way through the body as it killed all living pieces inside a human . 
 oh , how she longed for fire . 
 she shook from the cold enveloping her , and her teeth chattered , breaking the silence of the hut . 
 she knew she was supposed to be unconscious by now , had heard elijah muttering it to himself . 
 apparently her hearing was already affected by the change . 
 everything was becoming so much clearer . 
 squirrels ran on the roof above , and deer grazed outside . 
 she wondered how far away they were from her and elijah , before deciding she did n't care . 
 elijah pulled her out of her reverie when he leaned over her , and placed his hand over her heart . 
 he frowned in concentration and his eyes darkened . 
 he clearly was n't happy to feel that her heart still beat . 
 it did n't even seem to be weakening , or slowing . 
 if anything , it seemed stronger than ever before . 
 which , apparently , was n't a good thing . 
 elijah jumped up and stalked to the other side of the room to pace . 
 even if she had n't known he was worried from his earlier muttering , she would have known by the telltale pacing . 
 he ran his fingers through his hair and sighed . 
 she smiled , and then grimaced at the pain the small movement caused . 
 sign number two : running his fingers through his hair . 
 both he and isaac did that when they were upset . 
 isaac . 
 where was he ? 
 had he let her go , knowing they could not be together any longer since elijah had bitten her ? 
 did he despise her now , knowing she was his enemy ? 
 a hated vampire . 
 her heart lurched , though not from the venom coursing through her veins . 
 it was caused by the thought of an eternity of endless days without him by her side . 
 she wished she 'd died instead . 
 it would have been a quicker , more merciful death . 
 instead she 'd be forced to live forever , knowing somewhere out in the world , he lived , too . 
 every time she looked into elijah 's eyes , or saw his beautiful face , another part of her would wither away to nothingness . 
 unless isaac hunted her down and put her out of her misery . 
 was it sick she was excited that she 'd at least get to see him one last time ? 
 *** isaac had been wandering through the forest for hours . 
 elijah had been extremely cautious in covering up his tracks . 
 he did n't want to be followed , that much was obvious . 
 he cursed and kicked a boulder . 
 it groaned in protest before rolling across the forest floor . 
 he 'd passed this damn spot at least three times . 
 had elijah run in circles throughout the forest , trying to confuse anyone who would attempt to follow him ? 
 it certainly would n't surprise him . 
 elijah was extremely talented when it came to disappearing . 
 he 'd known he 'd be unable to follow elijah , and so had tried to concentrate on a newborn vampire 's scent . 
 he would know it anywhere , but yet he failed . 
 it was infuriating . 
 by now her heart would be dead ... while her body morphed into that of a monster . 
 he growled low in his throat and punched a tree . 
 he needed to get to her before the others did ; he needed to be the one to find her . 
 if only he could pick up her damned scent . 
 he 'd always been able to track new vampires . 
 they were easy to sense , and even easier to kill . 
 but this one time when it mattered most to him , he could n't find her . 
 he flared his nostrils and lifted his head before he hissed and whirled around . 
 elijah stood behind him . 
 he threw himself at his brother-the anger swirling inside him taking over his senses . 
 all the hours of worrying , all the hours of agony , came spewing out of him as soon as he laid eyes on his brother 's grim face . 
 elijah glided backward from the force of his blow , and they collided into a nearby tree . 
 elijah hissed at him and punched him in the nose . 
 isaac flew back and landed on the ground , holding his nose as blood gushed out of it . 
 jesus christ , how many times in one night is my nose going to get broken ? 
 `` shit , '' he muttered . 
 `` sorry , but we have n't got time for games . '' 
 elijah spoke between clenched teeth . 
 isaac glared . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 elijah tensed visibly at his question . 
 `` she 's safe . 
 i do n't know whether i should tell you her location or not . 
 tell me , is she in danger from you ? '' 
 he arched an eyebrow and awaited a reply . 
 isaac snarled at his brother 's question , fighting the fury that washed over him . 
 it was a logical question . 
 in any other situation , he 'd have respected his brother 's loyalty to sabrina 's safety . 
 but , damn it , he was n't supposed to hide her from him . 
 `` she is in danger , but not from me , '' he swore . 
 `` i need to get her . 
 to hide her . '' 
 `` so after everything she told you , after she pleaded with you not to change her , not to risk yourself , you 're going to go to her anyway ? '' 
 isaac growled and leapt to his feet . 
 his nose had already started to heal , and it did n't throb nearly so badly anymore . 
 `` she 's coming with me . 
 forgive my sarcasm , but she 's hardly in the shape to argue , now is she ? '' 
 `` she 's still awake . '' 
 isaac froze and whispered , `` what ? '' 
 `` she 's not dead . 
 she 's not even unconscious . 
 she just lays there , unmoving and silent . 
 she moans every once in a while , or calls your name , but that 's it . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 `` what ? 
 did i do something wrong ? '' 
 elijah exclaimed when isaac stood rooted to the spot , as if in a trance . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 `` oh ... my ... god . 
 nothing . 
 it was all for nothing , '' he murmured as amazement , shock , and finally ... relief coursed over his body . 
 he laughed so hard he could no longer stand . 
 `` what has gotten into you , isaac ? 
 snap out of it , you ass ! '' 
 elijah exclaimed . 
 he stalked to his brother 's side and cocked back his fist , prepared to break his brother 's perfect nose again . 
 `` do n't even think about it , '' isaac hissed , dead serious as he shoved elijah using all his strength . 
 `` it was all for nothing , '' he said , wonder in his voice . 
 `` all this time , all this agony , and she 's one of us . '' 
 `` what do you ... ? '' 
 clarity showed in elijah 's eyes as he paled . 
 `` she 's an enforcer ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 yes , now everything makes sense . 
 why i could n't sense her as a new vampire . 
 why i could n't catch her trail at all . 
 i was hunting the wrong creature . '' 
 `` she 's one of you . '' 
 elijah 's eyes were shadowed , and his face pale . 
 pale , even , for a vampire . 
 isaac forced his gaze back to his brother and felt a wave of pity wash over him . 
 he knew without too much jealousy elijah had hoped this would be his one chance at sabrina . 
 had hoped she 'd be forced to choose him . 
 that hope had just been destroyed . 
 he walked to his brother 's side and laid a soothing hand upon his shoulder . 
 he met elijah 's eyes , so like his own . 
 `` she 's one of us . 
 she is , and will always remain , mine . 
 i 'm sorry for your loss , and for any pain you might feel . 
 but you have to realize ... it 's over . 
 this fight is over . 
 she 's not amelia . 
 i 'm sorry , elijah . 
 i 'm sorry for your loss of amelia . 
 i know now you loved her more than i ever could have . 
 but sabrina is different-she is my amelia . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 elijah nodded , and a tear ran down his cheek at his brother 's words . 
 he gasped in shock as isaac drew him into his arms and hugged him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , elijah , '' he repeated . 
 `` well , are you ready to go tell her the good news ? 
 i 'm sure she 'll be thrilled , '' elijah said . 
 `` yes , absolutely yes , '' isaac chirped . 
 his smile , he was sure , reached straight down to his soul . 
 he could n't help it . 
 he was the luckiest man on earth . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 elijah led the way silently , and his shoulders dropped in resignation . 
 for once , isaac did n't argue . 
 *** sabrina lay awake , thoughts of isaac running through her head . 
 she could n't get him off her mind . 
 even as pain wracked through her body , she thought only of him . 
 where was he ? 
 what was he thinking ? 
 feeling ? 
 in the thirty minutes since elijah had left , she 'd discovered she could move her hands . 
 she was n't certain what this meant , since she was supposed to die , and heal afterwards . 
 she strained her ears when she heard footsteps approach the hut , and calculated the direction from which they approached . 
 from the east , and there were two sets of them , so it could n't be elijah . 
 and , unfortunately , no mere mortal ran so fast . 
 her heart quickened , and she tensed upon the bed . 
 she could n't even jump up to defend herself . 
 she tightened her fists , her only line of defense against intruders . 
 the door swung inward , and her eyes focused upon the occupants who moved into the small room . 
 she sighed in relief as her eyes focused first on elijah , and quickly skimmed to the shadow standing behind him . 
 she gasped and whispered , `` isaac . '' 
 isaac rushed to her side , rudely pushing past elijah in the process . 
 elijah glared at isaac 's back and left the hut . 
 the door closed behind him as he left ; she knew he had no desire to watch this reunion . 
 isaac knelt at her hips and cupped her face inside his hands . 
 he kissed her , and happiness exuded from his eyes . 
 `` sabrina , what are you doing to me , lass ? '' 
 sabrina forced a wan smile to her face and responded , `` i 'm sorry , isaac . 
 i never wished for us to be enemies . 
 i - '' she was prepared to tell him to leave , to save himself , but was cut off by his finger pressing against her mouth . 
 he grabbed her hand in his and stared into her eyes warmly . 
 `` i love you , sabrina . 
 we would never be , and could never be , enemies . 
 i know now what love really is . 
 i thought i had loved before , but i was wrong . 
 you are my first , and , only love . 
 you 'd never be my enemy , '' he vowed . 
 `` i love you , too , isaac . '' 
 she squeezed his hand , and he looked down in surprise at her hand , beaming at her . 
 `` i 'm going to get you out of here , to somewhere safe , '' he said . 
 `` there is much to do . '' 
 `` i ca n't let you do that , isaac . 
 you spoke earlier of love . 
 of being ready to do anything for the love of your life . 
 well , i feel the same . 
 i will give you up , for your safety . 
 i do n't do it lightly , but i must insist . 
 i wo n't leave with you . 
 not because i do n't love you , but because i love you too much . '' 
 she was amazed she had managed to finish her speech without crying . 
 `` oh , sabrina , i love when you 're all fired up . 
 truly , i do . 
 but in this case , you 're getting all worked up for nothing . '' 
 `` excuse me , i do n't think so - '' she argued . 
 if he thought he could just carry her out of here and ignore her wishes , he 'd soon see how wrong he was . 
 even if she could only move her hands . 
 she could do a lot with hands . 
 punch , scrape , and gouge out eyes ... `` yes , you are . 
 you see , you 're one of us . '' 
 sitting by her side , he allowed her to absorb his meaning . 
 when she gaped at him , her mouth ajar , he nodded at her unasked question . 
 `` yes , you 're among the chosen ... the elite ... '' `` the enforcers , '' she whispered in awe . 
 `` oh my god , you 've got to be kidding me . 
 god could n't be so kind . '' 
 `` no , i would n't kid about this , my love . 
 you 're one of my kind-you belong with me , in every way now , '' he assured her , squeezing her hand . 
 she returned his squeeze , all the happiness bubbling inside her . 
 he winced as she gripped him , laughing as he protested , `` ouch , watch it there ... '' `` oh , sorry , '' she murmured . 
 she looked at their joined hands in surprise . 
 she had hurt him ? 
 he kissed her nose and stared into her eyes before declaring , `` i would 've run away with you , regardless of your species . '' 
 `` i would have told me no , regardless of your desires , '' she quipped . 
 they stared at each other , neither backing down in their stance . 
 finally , they both broke out in laughter . 
 `` what about elijah ? '' 
 she questioned . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow and shrugged . 
 `` will he still be our enemy ? 
 do i have to kill him ? '' 
 `` he 's our enemy , yes . 
 but we can avoid each other . 
 i 've been doing it for over one hundred years . '' 
 `` but , we ca n't . 
 he 's family . '' 
 `` look , we can worry about this another time . 
 really , sabrina , you 're killing my ego here , '' he teased . 
 `` i just told you that you can live with me forever , and you worry about elijah ? '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i know you still love him . 
 i hate to see you upset . '' 
 `` we have an eternity to figure out my feelings . 
 all you need to know now is i love you . '' 
 he beamed at her , love shining in his eyes . 
 `` and i love you , isaac . 
 forever , '' she vowed , amazed to know she had forever to spend by his side , loving him . 
 suddenly , forever took on a new meaning , and she smiled as he kissed her nose once more . 
 `` forever , '' he promised . 
 on the other hand , perhaps forever was not long enough ... <br/> 
