 chapter one graham mcneil slammed his massive fist into the jaw of the attacking wolf just as his cell phone rang . 
 he got the wolf into a headlock and tried to reach for the phone , but the wolf fought and clawed , drawing blood , its breath like sour acid . 
 graham 's collar sparked heavy pain into his throat , while the collar on the wolf he fought was dormant . 
 was this where things were going with the stupid-ass idea that all shifters should have their pain-shocking collars replaced with inert ones ? 
 shifters at the bottom of the food chain would use their fake collars as an excuse to try to claw their way up , like this lupine was . 
 the shithead was from the family of one of graham 's trackers and was supposed to be loyal to graham , but today the wolf had decided to wait in graham 's house until graham walked in alone , and jump him . 
 idiot . 
 graham had territory advantage , even if he still wore his true collar , which blasted pain into him with every heartbeat . 
 time to show the attacking wolf who was truly alpha . 
 graham 's phone kept ringing against his belt . 
 because shifters were only allowed to carry `` dumb '' phones , he did n't have a fancy ringtone to tell him who was calling . 
 the damn thing just rang . 
 graham grabbed the lupine by the throat and threw it against the wall . 
 the wolf howled , but did it stay down ? 
 not for long . 
 as the wolf prepared another attack , graham yanked the phone off his belt and flipped it open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` graham , '' came the breathless voice of his more-or-less girlfriend , a human called misty . 
 everything slowed . 
 graham saw in his mind the curvy young woman with light brown hair she wore in a ponytail , her soft face , and her sweet brown eyes . 
 every thought of her was like a breath of air , snaking into his messed-up brain and trying to soothe him . 
 graham wished he was with her now , teasing her , kissing her , instead of trying to beat an insubordinate wolf into submission . 
 `` i 'm a little busy right now , sweetheart , '' graham said loudly as the wolf landed on him . 
 a wooden chair smashed under them as they both slammed to the floor-damn , he liked that chair . 
 `` you break my tv , you 're dead , '' graham snarled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` not you , sweetie . 
 i 'll have to call you back . '' 
 `` you ca n't . 
 graham , listen , i need you . 
 they 're ... oh , crap . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 graham bellowed . 
 `` slow down . 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 `` i have to go . 
 i do n't know when i can call you again . '' 
 graham 's shift was coming . 
 in a few seconds , he would n't be able to hold the phone , let alone talk . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he yelled at her . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 've got to go . 
 graham , i lo - '' the phone clicked , and graham was shouting at a dead line . 
 `` what ? 
 wait ! 
 misty ! 
 fuck . '' 
 he threw the phone across the room and lifted the attacking wolf by the scruff of the neck . 
 `` would you stop , you ass ** le ? '' 
 the wolf snarled , teeth snapping at graham 's throat . 
 the wolf in graham responded . 
 he felt his body change , muscles becoming harder and leaner , face elongating to accommodate teeth , claws jutting from fingers that quickly became paws . 
 with an ear-splitting snarl , graham went for the other wolf 's throat , snapping teeth around fur . 
 at the last minute , the alpha in him told him not to kill . 
 graham was this wolf 's protector , not its enemy . 
 the wolf needed to be taught its place , not destroyed . 
 not that graham would n't rough it up a bit . 
 but quickly . 
 he needed to find out what was wrong with misty . 
 the fear in her voice had been clear , the desperation palpable . 
 they 're ... what ? 
 here ? 
 coming ? 
 killing me ? 
 graham 's collar kept snapping arcs into his neck . 
 he held on to the throat of the fighting wolf , not letting the collar stop him . 
 dominance did n't have anything to do with collars , or pain , or fighting . 
 dominance was about putting full-of-themselves , arrogant lupine shifters in their place . 
 graham got the wolf on the floor and stepped on it , and then shifted to human again , breathing hard , his clothes in tatters . 
 `` stay down . '' 
 the words were hard , final . 
 the wolf snarled again , then became human-lanky , dark-haired , gray-eyed-typical lupine . 
 except this one was female . 
 she looked up at him , rage in her eyes . 
 `` this is n't over , mcneil . '' 
 `` famous last words . 
 your dad sent you , did n't he ? 
 thought maybe i 'd mate-claim you if you could n't best me , right ? '' 
 the way she looked quickly away told graham he 'd hit upon the truth . 
 she was naked , and not bad , but graham had n't been able to think about any other female since he 'd met misty . 
 he had n't mate-claimed misty , or even had sex with her . 
 graham had never had sex with a human before , and he feared he 'd not be able to gentle himself enough for misty . 
 the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her . 
 also , his position as leader of the lupines in this shiftertown was precarious . 
 his wolves expected him to mate with a lupine , to provide a cub who would be their next leader . 
 if he went into mating frenzy with a human , the more old-fashioned of his wolves might try to solve the problem by killing misty . 
 but misty 's phone call had his gut churning . 
 graham climbed to his feet . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' he said to the woman . 
 `` i want you out of here by the time i get back . 
 no more ambushes . 
 if you want a mate , go chase some bears . 
 they 're always horny . '' 
 graham turned around and walked away . 
 the best way to show submissives they were submissive was to indicate you did n't fear them jumping you the minute your back was turned . 
 making them know that if they did jump you , you 'd stop them . 
 again . 
 his heart hammered with worry , the wolf forgotten , as he detoured to his bedroom to grab clothes to replace the ones he 'd shredded with his shift . 
 graham left through the back door , mounted his motorcycle , started it , and rode noisily away from his house and shiftertown . 
 `` i 'm asking you one more time , where is he ? '' 
 `` i said , i do n't know . '' 
 the gang leader who held misty against the wall by the throat did n't believe her . 
 he 'd caught her running out of the back of the shop , and he 'd taken her cell phone , thrown it to the ground , and smashed it with his boot heel . 
 she 'd never seen the man before , but she guessed who he was-a guy called sam flores who 'd been in prison with her brother-and why he 'd come . 
 `` you do know . '' 
 flores 's breath was foul with cigarettes and beer . 
 `` that him you had on your phone ? '' 
 `` no - '' misty broke off with a grunt as her head smacked into the wall . 
 `` i do n't know where paul is . 
 he took off . '' 
 `` lying bitch . '' 
 flores had blue eyes in a sun-darkened face , and dark hair streaked by strong desert sunlight . 
 `` i 'm going to beat you until you tell me where that ass ** le is . 
 then my boys and me will make you understand why you do n't mess with us . '' 
 misty was so cold with fear , she could n't feel anything anymore . 
 she struggled , though she knew she 'd never get away . 
 paul had been out making deliveries , and misty really did n't know where he was . 
 she 'd called him before she 'd called graham , but she 'd had to leave a voice mail , telling paul to lie low . 
 paul had hiding places , but misty did n't know where all of them were . 
 flores held her in place , the prison tatts on his fingers up close and personal . 
 behind him , his friends were smashing up her flower shop . 
 baseball bats smacked into the clear glass refrigerator doors that held her stock ; pots filled with arrangements were thrown against the counter . 
 glass splintered and flew ; the flowers , innocent , scattered everywhere . 
 broken stems and a river of petals littered the floor . 
 the gang boys got into the refrigerators and smashed the vases there to the floor . 
 water gushed across the cement and tile along with all the flowers . 
 cool , dank air , scented with roses , carnations , calendulas , daisies , and baby 's breath wafted across the shop . 
 `` you know you are n't walking out of here , '' flores said . 
 `` you might as well tell me where he is . '' 
 misty did n't bother to answer . 
 if she would die here , the last thing she 'd do would be to keep her little brother , paul , safe . 
 she 'd taken care of him all her life , and she was n't about to stop now . 
 `` i do n't think you understand , '' flores said . 
 `` it wo n't be easy . 
 you 'll be in so much pain by the time we 're done with you , you 'll be begging to die . '' 
 fine , then misty would beg to die . 
 at least she 'd been able to hear graham 's gruff , take-no-shit shifter voice one last time . 
 she thought about his strength , the tatts of fire on his arms , his hard face , and buzzed dark hair . 
 everyone thought graham too tough , too mean , and too wild to tame , but misty had seen what was in his eyes when he was around the two orphaned wolf cubs in his pack . 
 she 'd started to tell graham the secret inside her heart when the man with the callused fingers had snatched away her phone . 
 they were going to do whatever they wanted with her , and misty would die . 
 she was scared , but at least paul had gotten away , and graham 's voice had given her strength to face what she had to . 
 not that she 'd give up without a fight . 
 go down swinging , her dad had liked to say . 
 he should know ; he 'd had to fight for everything his entire life . 
 the men in her store-five of them-were armed , carrying pieces stuffed into back holsters , knives in boots and on belts . 
 misty had nothing but her fists and her flowers . 
 `` cops 're coming , '' one of the men by the door said . 
 misty heard sirens . 
 probably pedro at the convenience store across the lot had seen the break-in and called the police . 
 but misty knew better than to relax and be thankful the police were on their way . 
 there would be a standoff , probably a gun battle , and someone would be shot . 
 most likely misty . 
 she struggled to get away . 
 flores punched her twice in the face . 
 misty 's head snapped back , and blood flowed from her mouth . 
 flores clamped his hand over her throat , cutting off her breath . 
 he squeezed , not enough to choke her , but blocking off enough air to make misty dizzy and sick . 
 he dragged her with him out the back door to the alley , the other four following . 
 two of the guys had motorcycles ; the other two and the man who held misty went for a pickup-a ford 250 , all shiny and new . 
 big enough to shove misty down into the backsect , tossing a cigarette-smoke-infested tarp on top of her . 
 the truck rumbled under her as it started . 
 then the pickup jerked , tires squealing , as it headed down the alley that ran behind the strip mall . 
 another turn onto the street , and they were off , carrying misty who-knew-where . 
 misty 's pickup was n't in her carport . 
 graham killed the engine on his harley , stepped away from the engine 's smell , and inhaled . 
 every hackle he had went up , the wolf in him starting to snarl . 
 misty was gone-graham could scent how she 'd left the house through the back door not long ago , gotten into her truck , and driven away . 
 all as normal . 
 she 'd have gone to her store , as early as it was , to do whatever it was she did before opening for the day . 
 why had n't the woman told him where she was calling from ? 
 graham 's cell phone had indicated what number had called him , but misty had been on her cell , which meant she could be anywhere . 
 graham scented no struggle here , no fear or worry . 
 just misty 's fresh scent , overlaid with the flowers she worked with all the time . 
 graham could n't catch a whiff of roses these days or the strong odor of what she said were asiatic lilies without thinking of misty . 
 no , thinking of her was n't the right way to put it . 
 the scents conjured up her sultry voice , her uninhibited laughter , her soft face , and brown eyes that went shiny when she looked at him sometimes . 
 the images , sounds , and scents of her woke up graham 's needs too . 
 he had n't touched the woman , but he dreamed almost every night about running his hand up the loose skirts she liked to wear , freeing her hair from the ponytail , licking between her br ** sts ... misty had sounded terrified . 
 someone had been coming for her , and she was scared out of her mind . 
 graham swung back onto his bike , started it , and roared down the street again . 
 he saw the people who 'd come out of houses to watch him , wondering what the hell a shifter was doing in their nice corner of the city , but graham did n't care right now what they thought . 
 he turned out of the neighborhood and joined traffic on the 215 before he raced off on flamingo , heading to the flower shop in this middle-class side of town . 
 shifters did n't come here much , confining themselves to the north side of las vegas and the desert not far beyond . 
 the big hotels on the strip and downtown did n't want shifters scaring away tourists , so shifters mostly stayed away , even though some shifter women danced at nightclubs as the entertainment . 
 pissed graham off , how eric warden , the shiftertown leader , was all right with shifter females doing exotic dancing for humans . 
 one of the many reasons eric was a dickhead . 
 misty 's flower shop-flamingo flowers-was in a strip mall with other small retailers , which should have been quiet this early on a saturday morning . 
 graham knew something was seriously wrong , even before he saw the smashed glass in misty 's doorway and the cop cars all over the lot . 
 a couple of cops saw him , and graham hesitated . 
 he should get the hell out of there and have nothing to do with the city police , but if he left , he 'd not be able to help misty . 
 she might be in there , and if she was n't , he needed to get inside and sniff around to figure out where she 'd gone . 
 he decided to approach as though he had every right to be there . 
 shifters were n't banned from every store in town , just most of them . 
 but not this one . 
 misty had sense enough to know that shifters were good customers . 
 graham pulled his motorcycle next to one of the cop cars and dismounted . 
 next thing he knew , he was surrounded by five cops , who 'd all pulled their weapons on him . 
 one cop backed those up with a taser . 
 graham 's wolf fought to get out , wanting to go into a frenzy that would land the cops on the ground , their weapons broken . 
 he clenched his fists , fighting the aggression he always had a hell of a time taming . 
 when he 'd lived in middle-of-nowhere nevada , in a shiftertown where his word had been law , graham had never bothered damping down his wolf instincts . 
 now he was expected to live in a city of humans who treated him like he was some big scary animal that had escaped from the zoo . 
 he wanted to grab the guns from the cops and break them , just to scare them , but graham dialed it back . 
 he needed to find misty . 
 he lifted his hands to show they were empty . 
 `` hey , this is my friend 's store . 
 i need to make sure she 's all right . '' 
 `` a human owns this store , '' the cop closest to graham said . 
 `` well , no shit . 
 her name 's misty-melissa granger . 
 she called me , scared . 
 she in there ? 
 is she all right ? '' 
 maybe watching eric deal with humans for the last eight months had taught graham something . 
 the cops still eyed him warily but believed his worried tone . 
 `` no one 's inside , '' the lead cop said . 
 he had black hair buzzed short , a flat face with acne scars , and a big nose . 
 he held his beretta steadily , still pointing it at graham . 
 `` place is torn up . '' 
 `` but her truck 's here . '' 
 graham pointed at the black pickup sitting quietly in a space a little way from the cops . 
 `` she was here . 
 where is she now ? '' 
 his fears mounted as he spoke . 
 he could n't stop the growl in his throat , could n't stop the sparks on his collar . 
 `` this is a crime scene , '' the lead cop said . 
 `` you do n't need to be here , shifter . '' 
 `` no ? 
 this store belongs to my friend . 
 my friend might be in trouble . 
 i do n't see you doing anything about it . '' 
 the pistol did n't waver . 
 `` why do n't you go back to shiftertown so we can do our jobs ? '' 
 `` why do n't i go on in there so i can look around ? 
 maybe figure out where she is ? '' 
 `` turano , call shifter division , '' the lead cop said . 
 `` we need to contain one . '' 
 graham stared at him and then moved his gaze to the one called turano , who was reaching for his radio . 
 `` aw , screw this shit . '' 
 the cops tensed , expecting him to charge through them , but graham turned his back and walked away , making for his motorcycle . 
 he made a show of starting his bike , giving the cops a collective dirty look , before he pulled out of the parking lot . 
 graham rode down the street and around the corner , then took the delivery entrance into the alley behind the shops . 
 there was one cop car back there , and one cop . 
 graham roared up , dismounted his bike , and headed for the back door . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 when graham did n't stop , the cop drew . 
 graham whirled around and had the pistol out of the man 's hand and broken into two pieces before the man could react . 
 when the cop opened his mouth to yell , graham punched him , once in the face , then once in the temple . 
 the cop folded up , and graham lowered him gently to rest against the wall . 
 `` sweet dreams . '' 
 graham stepped around the cop and through the door , which led to the back office and storage . 
 the thick steel door had n't been forced , which meant it had been opened from the inside . 
 probably by whoever had broken in taking the back way out . 
 a glance into the shop revealed a mess : flowers , glass , and water all over the place . 
 a dripper that ran constantly inside the refrigerated section had broken open , turning the refrigerator into a lake . 
 the water was n't gushing anymore , which meant someone had been smart enough to turn it off . 
 graham stayed out of sight of the cops picking their way through the scene at the front door . 
 he did n't have to go all the way into the shop though . 
 he smelled misty 's blood , along with the scents of four-no , five-humans . 
 humans who smoked heavily , had n't bathed in a couple of days , and one who 'd been partaking of weed . 
 graham got all that from a few long sniffs . 
 he also scented that they 'd taken misty out back and loaded her into a vehicle . 
 he growled , his blood heating with rage , and went back outside . 
 the day was already warm , august in southern nevada . 
 heat made scents brighter . 
 graham smelled motorcycles and a car or truck , and these had taken misty away . 
 too bad scent could n't tell him the make and models of the vehicles and where they 'd been heading . 
 graham only knew they 'd taken misty . 
 he stepped over the unconscious cop , started up his bike , and rode out . 
 a mile down the road , he pulled into another empty parking lot , took out his cell phone , and made a call . 
 `` hey , '' he said to the shifter who answered . 
 `` i 'm gon na need some backup . '' 
 chapter two misty half woke when she was carried from the truck and into a house . 
 outside it was bright and hot , the day warming to its usual late summer temps . 
 the men had n't bothered to blindfold her , but misty had no idea where she was . 
 somewhere in las vegas , but it was a big city . 
 her vision was still blurry from the blows to her face and from the long , hot ride stuffed in the back of the truck 's cab , and looking around at the generic buildings did n't tell her much . 
 the house was cooler than outside , though it smelled of damp garbage . 
 stale cigarette smells overlaid those scents , ashtrays overflowing . 
 the man who carried misty dumped her on a couch that was strewn with clothes . 
 the couch 's springs were broken , the cushions made of scratchy material , stuffing coming out the edges . 
 the leader sat down beside her . 
 `` do you know who i am , misty ? '' 
 `` sam flores . '' 
 the words stuck on her tongue . 
 she needed water . 
 `` that 's right . 
 do you know why i 'm looking for your brother ? '' 
 misty licked her lips , tasting salt and dryness . 
 `` you were with him in prison . '' 
 `` right again . 
 and he screwed me royally . 
 i just want to see him . 
 to have a little talk . '' 
 `` to kill him , you mean . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 misty drew a breath , trying not to gag on the living room 's odors . 
 `` he could have reported you . 
 you 'd still be in there if he had , maybe even in maximum security . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , paul was a little angel . '' 
 flores put his face close to misty 's . 
 `` but i had a good thing going , until he screwed it up for me . 
 he did n't think i 'd get my parole , did he ? 
 well , i have a good lawyer , who does what i want . '' 
 probably in exchange for the money flores got for coke . 
 misty did n't know the whole story , because paul still was n't coherent about it , but apparently sam had been good at drug dealing inside prison . 
 paul , whether he 'd meant to or not , had helped an even meaner drug guy take away sam 's business . 
 paul had n't explained very carefully , only that he 'd had to choose between two evils . 
 the second guy had promised to keep flores away from paul-flores and his boys had beaten paul every day before that . 
 `` you 'll probably need that lawyer again , '' misty said , her voice a croak . 
 `` no , because no one 's going to find you for a very long time , or your brother either . '' 
 flores held up a cell phone . 
 `` now , i was so pissed off i crushed your phone before i thought about it , and now , i 'm going to need paul 's number . 
 so tell me what it is without making a big deal , and i might go easy on you . '' 
 `` i 'm not about to tell paul to come running over here so you can kill him , '' misty said hotly . 
 `` he 's my brother . 
 would you do that to your brother ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 flores grinned . 
 `` my brother 's an ass ** le . '' 
 he leaned closer . 
 `` you have a choice , pretty thing . 
 if you give me paul 's phone number , i wo n't hurt you so bad . 
 if you do n't , i 'll just kill you now and take your body out to the desert . 
 all right ? '' 
 misty wet her lips again . 
 she needed water , but thirst was the least of her worries . 
 if sam stabbed her or shot her , a dry mouth would n't matter . 
 she decided to gamble . 
 what did she have to lose ? 
 `` all right , '' she said in a near whisper . 
 `` but give him a chance to explain . 
 he had no choice . '' 
 `` everyone has a choice . 
 even you , sweetheart , and you made the right one . 
 what is it ? '' 
 misty closed her eyes , repeated the number , and started to pray . 
 she heard the little beeps as flores punched in the digits , then the phone rang on the other end . 
 in a few seconds , a harsh voice said , `` what ? '' 
 she opened her eyes as flores jerked . 
 `` who the hell is this ? 
 where 's paul ? '' 
 silence . 
 then the voice said . 
 `` he 's in the bathroom . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` tell him to get his ass on the phone . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 more silence . 
 then another voice . 
 not paul , misty knew , but one doing a close approximation of him . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` if you want to see your sister again , you 'll get out to where i might give her back to you . '' 
 flores gave directions down a highway then to a turnoff , way out of town , some remote place in the desert . 
 `` i 'm not going to wait long . '' 
 he clicked off . 
 misty said nothing . 
 sam might decide to go ahead and kill her , and misty would have to fight for her life . 
 she would probably lose . 
 but she had hope . 
 she had no idea who the shifter was who 'd answered as paul , and she had no idea what sam would do when he lured them out to the desert . 
 but she knew graham would be coming . 
 graham rode out on his motorcycle , his nephew , dougal , following . 
 north out of town , then east on a county road , north on another dirt road , out into vast desert with knifelike mountains . 
 the only vegetation was the creosote , with its long , slender white limbs and tiny gray green leaves reaching to the white blue sky . 
 the mojave was a land of stark beauty , but it was deadly . 
 the tourists who came to las vegas by the bucketload flew safely over this desert every day , but those who lived permanently in town knew its dangers . 
 a human could die of dehydration and heatstroke out here quicker than he knew what was happening , and it was n't much better for shifters . 
 misty had been smart to trick her abductors into calling graham . 
 he 'd grabbed dougal , who 'd come out to help , and told him to pretend to be misty 's brother . 
 dougal had convinced whoever was on the other end that he was paul granger , which did n't feel right to graham . 
 the man who had misty could n't be that stupid . 
 or else the guy was n't afraid of whoever would come to him out in the hole in the desert . 
 so , either he was overconfident , or he had a nasty surprise waiting . 
 either way , the man was dead . 
 he 'd taken misty , and graham was going to rip him open . 
 shifters were n't allowed to kill humans though . 
 a shifter killing a human would bring human wrath down upon all shifters . 
 all right , so maybe graham would control his instincts and not do any actual killing . 
 maiming though-maiming he could do . 
 it 's what he would do , whether humans liked it or not . 
 the turnoff came up , and graham swung his bike into it , dougal close behind him . 
 graham wished he could have a little more backup than his messed-up nephew , but there had n't been time . 
 it was early in shiftertown , when all the felines slept heaviest , bears could n't be bothered to get out of bed , and even the lupines were sluggish . 
 if he 'd called eric , who would have been the best backup , graham would have had to waste a lot of time explaining . 
 eric loved explanations . 
 the rough dirt road narrowed with each mile and finally petered out . 
 they were a long way from the paved county road now , even farther from the highway . 
 the desert floor , graham knew from long experience , was n't the most stable of places to ride . 
 what looked like solid earth could prove to be a crust for a giant dry hole , and washes hidden by brush opened out without warning . 
 graham 's and dougal 's motorcycles were leaving a trail any simpleton could follow , but graham did n't have time for stealth . 
 the men ahead knew they were coming , they 'd be armed , and they had misty . 
 the whole thing smelled of a big fat trap , but graham would trip it and to hell with it . 
 they reached the appointed spot , which was at the bottom of a mountain . 
 around here , mountains began abruptly , rising straight up from the earth . 
 no miles of foothills or gradual change in elevation , just horizontal and vertical . 
 a mining shaft had pierced the earth here but had been filled in-a mound of debris and stones protruded around rotted wood framing . 
 an old shack , left over from the early part of the last century , squatted about twenty yards from the shaft . 
 the tiny building had been reroofed at some point with corrugated metal , which was now square pieces of rust . 
 five human men stood around the shack , waiting , guns in hands . 
 graham stopped his motorcycle and got off , dougal behind him . 
 the men ignored graham and focused on dougal , who was shorter and much lankier than graham . 
 when dougal took off his helmet , giving them a good-natured and toothy wolf grin , the lead man shoved his gun into graham 's face . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` you mean granger ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` he could n't come . '' 
 `` i want him . 
 you were supposed to bring him . '' 
 `` he was busy . 
 i came to get misty . 
 if she 's hurt , i 'm going to kill you and not worry about it . 
 we 're a long way from town-the humans wo n't find your bodies for a while . '' 
 `` yeah , it is a long way , is n't it ? '' 
 the gang leader asked . 
 something was wrong . 
 this guy , whoever he was , did n't look scared enough . 
 he took in graham 's collar and dougal 's . 
 `` two shifters . 
 i only need one . '' 
 a growl formed in graham 's throat . 
 `` need one for what ? '' 
 `` i wanted granger too , '' the man said . 
 `` but , oh well , i 'll just grab him later . '' 
 what the hell was he talking about ? 
 misty was inside the shack , graham knew . 
 he scented her in there , even over the fuel smell of the bikes and the rank odor of humans . 
 flowers and spice . 
 that 's how he always thought of her . 
 sweet and sassy . 
 `` get out of my way , '' graham said . 
 the gang leader touched the end of the pistol to graham 's nose . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i warned him , right ? '' 
 graham said to dougal . 
 `` you saw me warning him ? 
 when eric gives me crap about this later , tell him i warned him . '' 
 `` you 're funny , shifter , '' the gang leader said , even as dougal gave graham a serious nod . 
 `` yeah , i 'm a tub of laughs . '' 
 graham ripped the gun out of the gang leader 's hands and smacked him hard in the face with it . 
 the gang leader went back with a surprised grunt , hands going to his bloody mouth . 
 as the other men started forward , graham called the strength of his wolf and twisted the pistol in half . 
 pieces of metal and bullets rained to the ground . 
 the gang leader lifted his head , his nose and mouth dripping scarlet blood . 
 `` that was stupid . '' 
 `` but fun . '' 
 graham grabbed the man by his shirt , hoisting him high . 
 then he stopped being civilized and went for it . 
 he threw the leader into the knot of his men . 
 they scrambled either to grab him or get out of the way , and graham was on them . 
 he punched , elbowed , jabbed , swept his boot across ankles to send the men to the ground . 
 dougal joined the fray , laughing . 
 dougal had a lot of anger in him , and he loved the chance to work it off . 
 these dumb-ass humans were the perfect targets . 
 let the kid take it out on them . 
 he heard misty yelling from inside the shack , and thumping as she kicked the wall . 
 not in terror-she was pissed off , probably bound and trying to get loose . 
 you go , baby . 
 graham punched and kicked , spun and jabbed . 
 he did n't bother becoming wolf or his in-between beast-it was a pleasure to kick ass without even shifting . 
 his collar sparked , driving pain into his neck , but he did n't care . 
 he 'd care later , but not now . 
 pain did n't slow graham down ; it galvanized him . 
 he heard the boom of a pistol , and then blood was running hot down graham 's side , soaking his shirt . 
 damn . 
 the man who 'd shot him looked up in terror as graham bore down on him , half shifting as he went . 
 graham tasted blood as he tore into the guy , and the pistol became a pile of broken metal . 
 howls filled the air behind graham , but not howls of pain . 
 dougal had shifted , his wolf furious that someone dared wound the only parent he 'd ever known . 
 fur flashed by graham as dougal , now a huge black wolf , charged the remaining humans standing . 
 they never had a chance to shoot . 
 dougal fought like a whirlwind , his collar throwing sparks into the bright morning light . 
 graham slowed , his side hurting like hell , and watched as dougal clawed and bit until the tough inner-city gang boys were pools of whimpering terror . 
 the leader managed to limp to the pickup parked behind the shack . 
 graham went after him , but the pain of the shot slowed him . 
 the leader got into the truck and had it started up while graham was still a few yards away . 
 `` you 're screwed , shifter , '' the man said . 
 then the truck leapt forward , spun a little on the dirt , and rocketed down the track toward the road , leaving his yelling gang boys behind . 
 what an ass ** le . 
 he 'd just run out on his own men . 
 the humans left did n't waste time standing around being mad . 
 they ran for the motorcycles , dougal 's and graham 's included . 
 graham spun and tried to intercept them , but one guy punched graham in the side , right where the bullet was . 
 pain blossomed in graham 's body , his collar biting deeper agony into him . 
 graham grunted as he fell to his knees , and the guy managed to twist away and keep running . 
 dougal 's jeans lay forlorn on the ground near the bikes-easy for one of the men to lean down and scoop up dougal 's keys . 
 graham leveraged himself to his feet , but the two men had reached dougal 's bike , starting it up . 
 as graham staggered toward his own bike , the second man on dougal 's motorcycle aimed his pistol at graham 's harley and shot it again and again . 
 graham had to watch his motorcycle , the harley softail he lovingly worked on every day of his life , become as wounded as he was . 
 the gas tank punctured , fuel poured onto the ground , and more bullets lodged in the engine . 
 the man driving dougal 's bike moved it out , following the others , leaving them stranded . 
 graham folded his arms over his stomach , trying and failing to draw deep breaths . 
 he was in excruciating pain , and their way out of the desert plus all the water was racing toward the highway , a thin spiral of dust rising in its wake . 
 misty kept tugging at the handcuff that held her to the one beam in the shack that looked stable . 
 she 'd been pulling and yanking to no avail , her wrist raw . 
 she 'd feared to pull too hard in case the whole shed came down on top of her . 
 she heard the vehicles roar away , and then the drawn-out howl of a wolf . 
 `` graham ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 another howl came , holding a mournful note , and one of fear . 
 shifter wolves were supposed to be strong and terrifying , but this one sounded lost and alone . 
 `` graham ! '' 
 `` i 'm right here , baby . '' 
 graham yanked open the door to the shack . 
 his eyes held deep pain , the skin around his collar was black , and blood oozed from behind the hand he pressed to his side . 
 misty tugged at the cuff again . 
 `` oh my god , you 've been shot ! '' 
 graham 's voice was as strong as ever . 
 `` stop screeching . 
 you 're hurting my ears . 
 and you - '' he turned and yelled over his shoulder . 
 `` quit with the howling . 
 i 'm not dying . 
 not yet . '' 
 `` i 'll stop screeching when you call nine-one-one , '' misty told him . 
 `` already tried . 
 no signal . '' 
 graham kept his hand on his side as he moved stiffly into the shack . 
 he latched his fingers around the cuff that bound misty 's wrist , yanked once , and broke the handcuff . 
 misty lowered her arm in relief . 
 `` can you ride ? 
 i might be able to drive your bike if you help me . 
 i 've never ridden a motorcycle before . '' 
 `` nope . 
 the ass ** les shot up my bike , and took dougal 's , and their fearless leader took off in his pickup . 
 they left us out here without water , transportation , or phones that work . '' 
 he sounded so calm . 
 `` and you 've been shot . '' 
 misty touched his arm , finding his skin hot and slick with sweat . 
 `` yep . 
 but do n't worry , sweetheart . 
 i 'm used to it . '' 
 chapter three misty started to shake . 
 `` oh , right . 
 do n't worry . 
 i was sitting here tied up , and you get shot , and you do n't want me to worry . '' 
 she swallowed , her throat dry . 
 the thin-walled shack with its many cracks was like an oven . 
 `` you 're a shithead , graham . '' 
 `` that 's what everyone tells me . '' 
 misty could n't move her hand from his arm . 
 she felt his strength beneath her grip , comforting her even now . 
 graham was a big man , loud-voiced and full of arrogance . 
 other shifters were afraid of him , including his own wolves-his lupine pack , he called them . 
 humans backed away from him , and even shifter groupies only watched him from afar , too scared to approach him . 
 misty , though , could n't bring herself to be afraid of graham-or at least , not terrified of him . 
 she remembered the first night she 'd met him , in a shifter bar called coolers . 
 she 'd found herself sitting on a barstool next to him , graham all banged up from a bout at the shifter fight club . 
 he 'd looked disgruntled , angry , and very lonely . 
 she could n't ever forget what she 'd seen in his eyes that night , a man searching for something , though he did n't know what . 
 not that graham had ever showed misty his softer side . 
 but he 'd let her see a hint that maybe he had a softer side-deep , deep , deep down . 
 graham turned from her , and misty 's fingers slid away from him . 
 `` dougal ! '' 
 graham bellowed as he banged out of the shack . 
 `` stop whining . 
 you need to take this bullet out of me . '' 
 `` no , you need a hospital , '' misty said , following him . 
 `` maybe we can make it to the road , or at least close enough to find a cell signal . '' 
 `` i 'm not walking anywhere , sweetie . 
 i have a bullet stuck in my side , and it could lodge in a bad place if it does n't come out now . '' 
 `` ca n't you shift ... ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 then i 'll be a wolf with a bullet stuck in my side that could lodge in a bad place . 
 dougal can take it out . 
 he knows how . '' 
 misty did n't know much about graham 's nephew , dougal callaghan , who lived with graham . 
 graham had said that dougal 's mom died giving birth to him-bringing him in , graham had called it . 
 dougal 's dad had deserted him a long time ago , back before shifters had been rounded up and put into shiftertowns . 
 graham had never been able to find the dad , who 'd probably gone feral , whatever that meant . 
 graham had raised dougal himself , and apparently , dougal had been a handful . 
 dougal came running to them , in his human form now and stark naked . 
 misty 's face went hot , and she spun around and faced the shack 's sun-bleached wall . 
 `` she 's human , '' graham growled at dougal . 
 `` she expects pants . '' 
 `` goddess , '' dougal said in disgust then ran off again . 
 graham said nothing , making no apology . 
 he leaned against the shack 's doorframe and closed his eyes , his face losing a little color . 
 misty turned and laid her hand on his arm again , wishing she could do more . 
 but she was n't an er nurse , or a doctor , or anything useful like that . 
 she ran a flower shop . 
 she knew everything about flowers-their names , types , and popularity ; how they were cultivated ; traditional meanings of each flower ; which ones were appropriate for what occasion ; how to arrange them ; and which ones sold the best . 
 great information for running her business , nothing that would save a shifter who 'd been shot . 
 dougal returned , jeans on and belted . 
 the morning had turned hotter-august days generally reached the triple digits . 
 clouds were forming over the mountains as well , signaling a monsoon storm that would be ready to come in during the afternoon . 
 if the three of them were out here then ... storms had deadly lightning , high winds , and hail , not to mention the flash floods that tore along the washes and overflowed their banks . 
 the three of them could be cut off until the washes ran dry again . 
 dougal ducked under graham 's arm and helped him around the tiny shack to its shady side , where graham stretched himself out on the ground . 
 there was n't enough room for him to lie inside the shack 's small interior , especially when its floor was covered in rusty bits of metal . 
 dougal peeled graham 's shirt from him , graham grunting as the cloth came unglued from his skin . 
 graham 's six-pack abs were covered with blood , which continued to seep from the slash in his abdomen . 
 dougal used graham 's shirt to wipe off excess blood then he stretched graham 's flesh apart and started to reach inside to pull out the bullet . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 misty cried . 
 `` ca n't wait , '' dougal said . 
 `` he 's going into shock . 
 you have to help me . '' 
 misty 's head spun , but she knelt beside dougal . 
 `` what do i do ? '' 
 `` hold this open . '' 
 dougal indicated the lips of the wound . 
 `` it 's going to be messy . '' 
 `` not to mention not sterile , '' misty said . 
 `` we do n't have a choice . 
 do n't worry , i 've done this lots of times . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 misty put her fingers where dougal guided her . 
 `` graham gets shot often , does he ? '' 
 `` not always uncle graham . 
 but other shifters . 
 hospitals were too far away from our old shiftertown , and hunters liked to take shots at us . '' 
 graham gave another grunt . 
 `` hunters and old craig morris . '' 
 dougal snorted a laugh . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` who was he ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 she pressed down as dougal showed her and spread the wound . 
 more blood poured out , which dougal mopped up with the t-shirt . 
 `` old shifter , '' graham said . 
 `` about three hundred years old when we were rounded up . 
 he hated living so close to other shifters-he should have stayed in the wild and died with some dignity . 
 he 'd been alone a long time , and bringing him in and giving him the collar was tough on him . 
 he used to shoot anyone who came too close to his house . 
 his eyesight was going by then , so his aim was usually off , but once in a while , he got lucky . 
 shit . '' 
 dougal had dug his fingers into the wound . 
 `` press down hard , '' he told misty . 
 `` we have to keep him still . 
 this is going to get bad . '' 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 graham 's words were tight and faint . 
 `` i 'll try not to kill anyone . '' 
 `` that 's what you always say . '' 
 dougal put his hand on graham 's shoulder as he started fishing around for the bullet . 
 graham roared , fingers sprouting claws as he reached for dougal 's throat . 
 `` grab him ! '' 
 dougal yelled . 
 `` hold him down . 
 no matter what happens , hold him ! '' 
 misty caught graham 's wrists and quickly laid herself across his chest and shoulders . 
 she knew she would n't have the strength to grapple with him , so she used her weight to keep him down . 
 graham growled , his body rippling beneath her . 
 misty felt him change . 
 fur burst across his bare chest , his face elongated into a muzzle , and his eyes went silver gray . 
 `` do n't shift ! '' 
 dougal shouted at him . 
 `` hold him , misty . '' 
 misty pushed her face at graham 's terrifying wolf one , which was emerging from his human 's . 
 his eyes were white gray , and full of pain , rage , madness . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she tried to sound firm , but everything came out shaky . 
 `` i 'm touching it , '' dougal said . 
 `` just ... trying ... to grab it . '' 
 graham 's growls grew more fierce . 
 blue snakes of electricity arced around his collar , the sparks stinging misty 's skin . 
 she pressed him down , her head on his shoulder . 
 `` hang on , '' she said . 
 `` almost done . '' 
 more snarling , but she felt graham strain to hold himself back . 
 all that strength-he could snap her in half and dougal too , but he did n't . 
 graham 's hands balled into huge fists , claws jabbing into his own skin . 
 `` hang on , '' misty whispered . 
 `` got it ! '' 
 dougal lifted his hand , coated with gore , and held up a piece of metal . 
 he whooped in triumph , then grabbed the t-shirt and jammed it over the wound . 
 `` keep pressure on that , '' dougal said to misty . 
 `` i 'll try to find something to help patch the hole . '' 
 misty pushed down on the cloth , which was already red and sopping . 
 graham 's face gradually returned to human , and his collar ceased sparking . 
 but his skin was sallow , his breathing rapid . 
 graham opened his eyes to slits , the silver gray of the wolf shining through . 
 `` was it good for you ? '' 
 he asked , his voice a scratch . '' 
 'cause it sucked for me . '' 
 `` it really sucked for me too , '' misty said , giving a breathless laugh . 
 graham reached for misty 's hand . 
 she slid hers into his , his fingers barely squeezing . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 dougal said , returning from inside the shed . 
 `` duct tape . '' 
 graham let out a chuckle , closing his eyes again . 
 `` one human invention that 's useful . '' 
 `` lots of human inventions are useful , '' misty said , babbling while dougal peeled off pieces of tape and ripped them from the roll with his wolf teeth . 
 `` cars , for instance . '' 
 `` paved the world and clogged all the clean air with crap , '' graham said . 
 `` destroyed shifter territory and made us vulnerable to humans . '' 
 `` thanks , graham . '' 
 `` sure thing , sweetheart . '' 
 his eyes opened again . 
 `` are you going to tape me up anytime soon ? 
 like before my guts fall out ? '' 
 dougal wiped the wound as clean as he could with the soaked t-shirt , then misty helped him hold graham 's skin together while dougal taped it closed . 
 `` this will hurt like hell when you pull it off , '' dougal said . 
 `` yeah , well , it hurt like hell going on , '' graham said . 
 `` now you need to get out of here and look for a spot with a cell phone signal . 
 if you have to go all the way back to shiftertown for help , do it . '' 
 dougal stared . 
 `` you want me to go ? '' 
 `` yes , you . 
 misty will never make it across fifty miles of desert on foot , without water . 
 right now , i 'm a wuss because i 've been shot , had a hand dug into me , and am being held together with duct tape . 
 that leaves you . '' 
 dougal gazed out at the empty land , his fingers picking at the roll of tape in his hands , his face almost gray . 
 dougal , though in his early thirties , was considered barely an adult by the shifters . 
 graham had told her dougal had come through his transition-whatever that was-and had been an adult for about a year . 
 but though in years dougal was older than misty , in many ways he acted like a scared teenager . 
 `` your wolf can do it , '' graham said . 
 `` follow the scent trail back to the dirt road . 
 call reid , tell him what happened . 
 and for the goddess 's sake , do n't tell eric . '' 
 dougal nodded , but numbly . 
 `` promise me , '' graham said . 
 `` not eric . 
 i do n't want him all up in my face about this . 
 he 'll blab all over shiftertown that i 'm hurt , and we ca n't afford for some of my wolves to know that . 
 understand ? '' 
 dougal 's eyes cleared a little , and he nodded again . 
 `` yeah , yeah , i got it . '' 
 `` now , go . 
 it 's getting hot , and i 'm looking forward to that other human invention-air-conditioning . '' 
 dougal plucked his cell phone out of his pocket at the same time he unbuckled his jeans again . 
 `` how am i supposed to carry this as wolf ? 
 if i have it in my mouth , i 'll bite through it . '' 
 graham grinned and pointed a shaking finger at what dougal had dropped . 
 `` duct tape . '' 
 `` shit , '' dougal said . 
 dougal at least hid in the shed as he shucked his clothes again and changed back to his wolf . 
 in a few minutes , a black wolf with light gray eyes emerged from the shack , his fur shaggy and rumpled , his tail almost dragging on the ground . 
 he looked so dejected misty wanted to put her arms around him and hug him , but she 'd learned she should n't do that to a shifter without permission . 
 shifters hugged each other all the time , including male-to-male hugs that would make some humans uncomfortable , but an outsider did n't join the hugging group until invited . 
 misty did give dougal a gentle pat as she started taping the cell phone between his shoulders . 
 dougal growled while she fixed the phone in place , but his collar did n't spark , which meant it was n't a growl of aggression . 
 dougal went to graham before he left , pushing his muzzle at graham 's face . 
 graham let dougal touch his wolf nose to graham 's , and graham brought his hand up to pat dougal 's side . 
 `` go on , '' graham said . 
 without looking at misty , dougal turned away from them and trotted down the little hill and into the desert . 
 misty watched until the wolf slunk away into the shadows of tall creosote , and then he was lost to sight . 
 misty knelt next to graham , who had closed his eyes again . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , '' she said sternly . 
 `` you lost a lot of blood . 
 you need to stay awake . '' 
 `` shifter metabolism is different from a humans ' , '' graham said without opening his eyes . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` then you need to stay awake to keep me from worrying about you . 
 it 's my fault you 've been shot , so i need you to live . '' 
 graham 's eyes opened a slit . 
 `` how is this your fault ? 
 you did n't pull the trigger . '' 
 `` you getting mixed up in my problems , that 's my fault . '' 
 misty hugged her arms across her chest , her shirt sweat-soaked and dirty . 
 `` i gave sam flores your number . '' 
 `` that was smart . 
 stupid human thought i 'd bring paul out here so he could be ambushed and killed . '' 
 graham 's brows drew together . 
 `` too stupid . 
 something 's wrong . '' 
 `` what 's wrong is i need to warn paul . 
 if sam tracks him down , he 's screwed . '' 
 `` let 's make sure we 're not screwed first , all right ? 
 it will take dougal a while to find civilization . 
 good thing shifters heal fast . '' 
 graham already sounded a little stronger , but when misty took his hand again , his grip was slack . 
 `` all that with dougal-making him take out the bullet and then sending him for help-you did that so he would n't be scared . '' 
 graham 's grin cracked through dirt on his face . 
 `` yeah , you caught me . '' 
 `` will he be all right ? '' 
 `` probably . 
 he 's been through a lot , and he 's learned to be tough . 
 poor cub got stuck with me to bring him up . 
 i 'm the alpha of the alphas , but dougal 's not that dominant . 
 other cubs gave him hell for it when he was growing up , and my pack still does . 
 he 's the natural choice to be my successor , but they know he 's not strong . 
 the minute i drop dead , they 'll be all over him trying to throw him out and take over . '' 
 misty 's mouth popped open . 
 `` that 's terrible . '' 
 graham shrugged . 
 `` it 's a shifter thing . 
 they wo n't touch him while i 'm around , and i 'm coming up with ideas to keep him safe . 
 but having to fight back all the time has made dougal stronger . '' 
 misty squeezed graham 's big hand . 
 `` you 're good to take care of him . '' 
 `` he 's my sister 's son . 
 i did n't have a choice . 
 that 's another shifter thing . '' 
 `` i bet you did have a choice . 
 you could have had someone in your pack help you with him , right ? 
 you did it yourself because you felt sorry for him . 
 you were being nice . '' 
 graham gave her a faintly startled look before his grin appeared again . 
 `` do n't tell anyone , all right ? 
 i 've got a rep. '' `` you 're nice to me , '' misty said , stroking his shoulder . 
 `` because you 're sexy as hell . '' 
 he was joking . 
 graham always joked . 
 in all the time she 'd known him , he was either yelling at someone or joking with them . 
 a serious talk was not something graham did . 
 also , in the eight months graham and misty had been going out , he 'd never made any move to take misty to bed . 
 he 'd kissed her ... wow , had he kissed her . 
 blood-sizzling , she-could-have-an-orgasm-just-kissing-him kisses . 
 but nothing more . 
 mostly graham took her to clubs , like coolers , or to out-of-the-way restaurants and bars that allowed shifters . 
 other shifters were always present at these sort-of dates , and much of the time , misty had to drive herself to meet him there . 
 graham was very attentive during the dates , sitting with his arm around her , interested in her talk about her day and her opinions on whatever they discussed . 
 when the date was over , he 'd walk her to her pickup , kiss her good night , and wait until she drove safely out of the parking lot . 
 then she 'd go home-alone . 
 misty had been to graham 's house , where he lived with dougal , but graham had never let misty go to the fight club-an unofficial arena where shifters battled it out with each other for fun . 
 misty also never stayed the night with graham , and he 'd never been inside her house , though he knew where she lived . 
 he 'd come to her flower shop once , but only once-some customers had been reluctant to enter when he 'd been there . 
 graham had decided he should n't scare away misty 's business , and never went back . 
 they 'd never talked about their relationship . 
 graham did n't seem to be the kind of guy who wanted to discuss relationships . 
 misty was afraid he 'd start ignoring her altogether if she brought it up . 
 misty had her own friends now in shiftertown , like the party-happy shifter girl lindsay , and cassidy , a wildcat who was the sister of the shiftertown leader . 
 lindsay , the font of all shifter gossip , told misty graham was n't seeing anyone else , so that was n't the cause of the distance he kept with her . 
 he was n't g * y either ... that fact would be all over shiftertown too . 
 graham might die today . 
 the sun was reaching its zenith , the shade from the shed narrowing to a sliver . 
 in a few minutes , it would be gone altogether . 
 `` stay with me , graham , '' misty said , massaging his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , sweetheart . '' 
 the shade disappeared . 
 the sun burned down on them , beating through misty 's thin tank top . 
 she was in shorts too , which she wore when getting deliveries ready to go in the mornings , and the sun was hot on her skin . 
 misty had lived in southern nevada long enough to know what over a hundred degrees felt like , and this was it . 
 it might get up to a hundred and ten today , and possibly higher than that . 
 out here , the temperature of the desert floor could rise to a hundred and twenty and more . 
 `` we need shade , '' misty said . 
 `` no kidding , '' was graham 's helpful answer . 
 `` not in that shed . 
 do n't feel like lying on a rusty nail right now . '' 
 blood poisoning would finish him . 
 there was only so much even shifters could take . 
 a nice cool cave with an underground spring would be perfect . 
 that was too much to hope for , but the mountain they were up against might have a niche or something out of the sun . 
 the mining shaft was out , even if it had n't been filled in . 
 old shafts were dangerously unstable and full of vertical shafts that could drop hundreds of feet . 
 misty had done enough desert hiking to know that rocks in shade absorbed coolness overnight , and gave off that coolness during the day . 
 even on the hottest afternoons , a niche that had stayed in shadow all morning could be twenty degrees lower than the rocks just outside it . 
 misty squeezed graham 's shoulder again . 
 `` i 'm going to look for shade . 
 i do n't like to move you , but i do n't want to watch you burn to a crisp either . '' 
 `` i 'm worried about you more . '' 
 graham reached for her hand , his brows drawing down . 
 `` humans die fast in the heat . '' 
 `` i 'm not that delicate . 
 i 'll be right back . 
 do n't go away . '' 
 `` you are that delicate . 
 and you think you 're funny too . '' 
 misty leaned down and gave him a soft kiss across his cracked lips , her own as dry . 
 graham could barely move his mouth in response . 
 when misty lifted her head , she saw a flash of naked emotion in graham 's eyes . 
 need , longing , loneliness , the weight of his position as alpha . 
 on top of that , a tenderness for her . 
 misty stilled a moment , soaking it in . 
 she 'd never seen any kind of sentiment in graham for her . 
 liking yes , and he 'd charged out here to rescue her today , but she 'd never seen this flash of stark feeling . 
 she hated that this might be the last time she saw it . 
 if he died today ... misty would n't let him . 
 she kissed graham one more time then rose and brushed herself off . 
 graham watched her , still frowning . 
 `` you be careful , understand me ? '' 
 he rumbled . 
 `` i will . '' 
 `` if i have to come looking for you , i 'll be pissed off . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she sent him another smile . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 graham did n't answer . 
 he moved a little , grunting in pain , but misty made herself walk away from him . 
 she started for the ridge above them , finding a narrow wash that gave her a clear path upward through the scrub . 
 she went slowly , picking her way along , the wash full of loose rocks . 
 if she fell and broke something , they could both die out here before dougal returned . 
 misty made for a fold of rock that jutted out into the slope from the desert floor . 
 these mountains looked smooth from the distance , but close to , they were clumped with boulders , tough weeds , creosote , and critters . 
 the critters were mostly lizards and birds for now-not too many bugs liked the hot , dry afternoons . 
 but in the evening , crawly things would be everywhere , including snakes . 
 snakes liked dusk , when they slithered out in droves to soak up the last warmth of the rocks . 
 when the snakes emerged , so would the coyotes . 
 misty rounded one particularly large clump of boulders and was rewarded with the sight of a narrow opening between two big rocks . 
 going carefully , keeping an eye out for snakes that might have come out early , she squeezed herself through the niche . 
 it was a tight fit . 
 misty held her breath and inched along , promising herself she 'd go back if it got too tight . 
 she could n't afford to get stuck , and if graham could n't fit , the shelter would be useless to him . 
 once more step , and misty popped through . 
 she stopped , looking around in surprise . 
 a giant cave opened out from the rocks , lit by sunlight streaming through a hole in the granite wall high above . 
 reflections danced everywhere , caused by a burbling spring that spread out into a pool at the far end of the cave . 
 `` a nice cool cave with an underground spring , '' misty whispered . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 chapter four misty moved forward cautiously . 
 the sound of trickling water made the thirst she was trying not to think about soar to life . 
 her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth , and her lips were aching and cracked . 
 she needed that water . 
 misty was n't stupid enough to rush to it , scoop it into her hands , and gulp it down . 
 water in wild places was likely to be contaminated , especially out here , between a city and a nuclear testing site . 
 misty might be dying for the water , but she 'd be foolish to drink it . 
 the cave , however , was blissfully cool . 
 if she could get graham this short distance , they could wait for dougal here . 
 the cavern was gigantic from what she could see , as though the whole inside of the mountain had been carved out . 
 the cut in the rock high above , letting in light and air , kept the place from being too damp , but the water cooled it . 
 the faint chill felt like the one in her flower room , always pleasant on a hot afternoon . 
 her flower room was nothing but smashed glass and petals now , misty thought in sorrow . 
 but she 'd have to deal with her destroyed shop later . 
 first , she needed to get graham here where he could rest and cool down . 
 `` hey , '' a voice said . 
 misty jumped , her hand going to her chest , her heart banging . 
 a man rose from the other side of the pool of water , where he 'd been crouching in the shadows . 
 he was n't one of flores 's gang boys , she saw to her relief . 
 he was a hiker-tall , with blond hair messy from perspiration , wind , and dirt , and wearing a t-shirt , canvas shorts , thick socks , and hiking boots . 
 a backpack , one of the huge kind that could hold supplies for a multiday hike , lay on the ground near him . 
 `` you lost ? '' 
 he asked , peering at misty . 
 `` want some water ? '' 
 yes , she wanted water . 
 `` you did n't drink from that stream , did you ? '' 
 misty 's voice came out a croak . 
 `` did n't have to . '' 
 the man held up a bottle . 
 `` brought it with me . 
 you sound terrible . 
 you need help ? '' 
 `` my friend does . '' 
 misty went toward him , stepping carefully , her sandals not made for desert walking . 
 `` some gangbangers shot him . '' 
 the man 's eyes widened . 
 `` oh , jeez . 
 are they still around ? '' 
 `` no , they ran off . 
 leaving us stranded . '' 
 his eyes remained wide . 
 they were dark eyes , a nice contrast with his light-colored hair . 
 the man was n't much older than misty , she realized as she reached him . 
 and in great shape . 
 he was tall and lean , his muscles ropy , his skin tanned a liquid brown . 
 he handed misty the bottle and watched while she took a sip . 
 then a gulp . 
 the water tasted good , silken and smooth , cool from the insulated canteen . 
 misty kept on drinking until the last droplet flowed into her mouth . 
 `` sorry , '' she gasped . 
 `` did n't mean to drain it . '' 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i have more . 
 the water is supposed to be inside you , not the bottle . 
 did you call for help ? '' 
 `` another friend went . 
 we could n't get a signal . '' 
 misty looked hopefully at the cell phone on his belt . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` lost contact about five miles back . 
 let 's get your friend in here , out of the sun . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 misty felt better , first with the water wetting her mouth like sweet nectar ; second , because she had someone to help her with graham . 
 this guy was strong . 
 everything would be all right . 
 she handed the canteen back to the hiker , and he gave her another one . 
 `` keep it . 
 you need it , and so will your friend . 
 show me where he is . '' 
 the hiker followed misty out through the crack in the rocks . 
 the heat hit her like a wall , the sunshine seeming more intense after the cool relief of the cave . 
 `` this way , '' misty said as the hiker emerged behind her . 
 the shack was still in sight . 
 misty picked her way back down the wash , rocks rolling under her feet and those of the hiker behind her . 
 misty 's soles were burning by the time she reached relatively level ground , her toes bloody from loose rocks . 
 graham lay where she 'd left him , on his back , eyes closed , one hand behind his head . 
 misty jogged the last few yards and dropped to her knees beside him , alarmed by the too-shallow rise and fall of his chest . 
 the blood had dried around the duct tape , but the flesh looked swollen and angry . 
 graham cracked open his eyes . 
 his gaze was unfocused , and he could barely raise the lids . 
 `` you came back . '' 
 he sounded surprised , pleased , relieved . 
 `` like i have anywhere else to go . 
 i found some help . 
 there 's a cave not far away , out of the sun . 
 there was a hiker there , and he gave me some water . '' 
 graham blinked a few times . 
 he sniffed once , twice , then turned his head and inhaled in misty 's direction . 
 `` i do n't like the way you smell , '' he growled . 
 `` thanks a lot . 
 you 're pretty rank yourself . '' 
 graham did n't smile . 
 `` i mean you smell ... wrong . 
 what hiker ? '' 
 `` him . '' 
 misty looked up to point at the thin guy , but he was n't there . 
 she stood up , scanning the wash and then the desert around them . 
 she did n't see him anywhere . 
 `` he was right behind me . '' 
 graham struggled to raise his head , grunting with effort . 
 misty knelt beside him again . 
 `` stop . 
 let me give you some water . '' 
 misty unscrewed the canteen 's lid , its slender chain clanking against the container 's metal side . 
 she put her hand behind graham 's head and supported him while she more or less poured the water into his mouth . 
 graham made a face and tried to spit it out . 
 `` no , '' misty said firmly . 
 `` drink it . 
 it 's more important for the water to be inside you than in the bottle . '' 
 the hiker had said that , but he was right . 
 graham held his breath and swallowed the water , scowling the entire time . 
 `` rank , '' he said . 
 misty had thought the water tasted good , possibly because she 'd been parched . 
 `` have some more , '' she said . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll live . '' 
 graham tried to sit up and ended up crashing down again . 
 `` shit . 
 hurts . '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 do you think you could make it up to the cave ? 
 it 's getting hotter . '' 
 graham looked up the rise to the boulders on the ridge and took a breath . 
 `` yeah , i can make it . 
 give me a second . '' 
 he closed his eyes again . 
 misty looked down at him , at his hard , square jaw , firm cheekbones , forehead now creased with dirt . 
 graham 's hair was black , but he kept it buzzed short , a thin wash of darkness on his scalp . 
 graham could n't be called handsome , not like some of the other shifters misty had met , but there was something about him that made misty like looking at him . 
 his large body was hard with muscle , his face firm , eyes an intense gray that could pin even the boldest of people in place . 
 a strong man , who even now strove not to show weakness . 
 after a few minutes , graham opened his eyes again and nodded . 
 misty helped him sit up and then , after another time of rest , she helped him to stand . 
 graham fell against her as soon as he gained his feet , and misty struggled to hold his weight . 
 after a while , he was able to move , and misty guided him back to the rise , graham 's every step labored . 
 misty looked around for the hiker as they climbed up the wash , but she did n't see him . 
 she hoped he was all right , but the desert could be treacherous . 
 it took much longer to reach the niche in the rocks again , but finally graham and misty came to rest on the level ground near the boulders . 
 graham stiffened as he leaned against the rocks , and he inhaled sharply . 
 `` in there ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 i 'm not going in there . '' 
 `` it 's a giant cave , '' misty said . 
 `` it 's cool inside-it gets bigger after the entrance . 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 she started through the niche . 
 graham gave a long growl , then sucked in a breath of pain as he pushed in behind her . 
 she reached back and grabbed his hand , guiding him through . 
 they emerged into the cave ... but it was the wrong cave . 
 the hollow in these rocks was cool , but nowhere near as big as the cave in which misty had found the hiker . 
 this niche was only about five feet deep , ending in a solid granite wall . 
 there was no sign of the pool , or any water at all . 
 `` damn , '' misty said . 
 `` that cave was perfect . 
 but at least you can rest here out of the sun . 
 i can look again for the other one . 
 it ca n't be far away . '' 
 misty turned to leave , but graham clamped his hand over her wrist . 
 for a wounded man , he had a lot of strength . 
 his eyes were clear now as he glared down at her . 
 `` give me that water . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 misty fumbled with the canteen at her waistband . 
 `` you could say please . '' 
 `` i 'm not joking . 
 give it to me . '' 
 graham was standing upright , without support , and no blood at all leaked around his wound . 
 the tattoos on his arms were stark against his skin , almost luminous in the shadows . 
 misty handed him the canteen . 
 graham jerked it from her , unscrewed the lid , and took a long sniff of the water inside . 
 `` shit . '' 
 his expletive filled the little cave before he upended the canteen and poured the water all over the dirt floor . 
 `` no ! '' 
 misty shot her hands out , catching the falling droplets in her cupped palms . 
 she brought her hands to her face and slurped the water , not caring how dirty she was . 
 graham slapped her hands down , and the last of the water was lost . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 misty asked in a near screech . 
 `` the hiker , where is he ? '' 
 `` i told you , i do n't know . '' 
 misty licked her lips , needing every drop of the beautiful water . 
 `` he was right behind me . 
 i did n't see where he went . '' 
 `` shit , '' graham said . 
 `` shit . 
 shit . 
 shit . '' 
 `` graham , what is wrong ? '' 
 `` damn it . '' 
 graham scrubbed one hand over his short hair as he paced in a circle in shallow cave . 
 `` i drank that water . '' 
 `` so did i. '' graham stopped . 
 he grabbed misty by the shoulders and yanked her to him , not gently . 
 he looked into her eyes , his brows coming together . 
 `` you seem okay . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 you 're the one who was shot . '' 
 graham released her and stepped back . 
 `` i know . 
 and look at me . '' 
 he put his hands on his hips , standing upright . 
 his face was no longer drawn and gray , and the spent look was gone from his eyes . 
 he looked hale and well , tall and strong . 
 graham ripped the tape from his side . 
 underneath , his skin was whole , the only thing left of the wound a patch of dried blood . 
 he was completely and undeniably healed . 
 misty reached out and touched his side to find warm , firm flesh . 
 `` i guess shifters do heal fast . '' 
 `` not that fast . 
 there was magic in the water , and there 's only one kind of magic going around these days . 
 at least around shifters . '' 
 `` magic ? 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` bastards . 
 they 'll do anything to get shifters under their power again , and you went and handed me to them . 
 damn it . '' 
 he turned away , pacing again . 
 `` this is what i get for being nice to a human . '' 
 misty took a step back . 
 `` what the hell do you mean i handed you to them ? 
 them who ? 
 i did n't hand you to anybody . '' 
 `` you forced that water into me . 
 now i 'm screwed . 
 shit . '' 
 graham balled both fists and slammed them into the rock wall . 
 he hit so hard misty expected his fingers to break , but the wall chipped , and dirt pattered down like rain . 
 graham hit the wall again and again , the curse word sounding with each slam . 
 he was enraged , and behind the rage on his stiff face , misty saw fear . 
 `` graham , what is wrong ? '' 
 he swung to her . 
 his eyes were white gray , a wolf 's eyes , and his snarl filled the cave . 
 `` you are what is wrong . 
 do n't you understand ? 
 you have f ** ked me over . '' 
 misty 's lips parted , her breath hitching . 
 he was furious , more so than she 'd ever seen him , and he was mad at her . 
 emotions tumbled through her . 
 she 'd been terrorized this morning , her fear for her brother overriding her fear for herself . 
 she 'd been rescued by graham , who 'd looked pissed off to do it . 
 then she 'd been in danger of dying of heatstroke while she watched graham start to expire with a bullet in his side . 
 and now graham was standing here , yelling at her . 
 words would n't come , and neither would her breath . 
 misty turned her back and walked outside . 
 the sun was beating down hotter than before , afternoon well underway , but she did n't care . 
 graham came after her . 
 he did n't bother to stop her ; he pushed past her and started down the hill . 
 a plume of dust rose in the desert about a mile away , a vehicle approaching . 
 graham went on down the wash , stepping through the slithering stones with agility . 
 misty picked her way down , the soles of her sandals split , her feet burning . 
 the dark spot in front of the dust plume enlarged until it became a large black pickup . 
 it skidded a little in the soft dirt as it turned off the track and headed for the shack and graham . 
 even before the truck stopped , dougal leapt out of the back door of the four-door cab , clad in a new shirt . 
 dougal ran at graham , hurtling himself into graham 's arms like a scared adolescent . 
 graham gathered his nephew into his embrace , holding him , rubbing his back . 
 the pickup halted , the driver 's and passenger 's doors opened , and two men got out of the cab . 
 misty recognized them as she drew near-diego escobar , a human who was the mate of her friend cassidy , and stuart reid , a tall man misty had met only a few times . 
 reid was n't shifter , but he lived in shiftertown and did n't talk much about his past . 
 he used to be a cop , as had diego . 
 now they both worked for diego 's private security company , dx security . 
 misty pressed her hand to her side and hurried the last few yards , breathing hard . 
 the two men and graham turned to watch her , but dougal kept his face buried in graham 's shoulder . 
 `` please say you have water , '' misty said as she reached them . 
 diego silently held out a sports bottle . 
 misty upended it , pouring the liquid in a stream into her mouth . 
 the water did n't taste anywhere near as good as the water the hiker had given her , but it was wet , which was the point . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' graham said . 
 `` that 's the plan , '' diego said then turned to misty . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' she said . 
 `` now that there 's water . '' 
 she took another long drink . 
 graham ignored them and pushed his way to the truck , dougal still hanging on him . 
 without a word , he continued to the truck bed , where he convinced dougal to turn him loose so graham could lift his ruined motorcycle into the back , then they both climbed in with it . 
 diego watched graham , a puzzled look on his face . 
 `` i thought he got himself shot . '' 
 `` he did , '' misty said , too weary to go into details . 
 `` can we go home now ? '' 
 diego opened the pickup cab 's back door . 
 `` your carriage awaits . '' 
 misty gave him a weak smile and let him help her up into the cool interior . 
 diego had the air-conditioning going full throttle , the icy blast making her blink . 
 misty leaned back into the soft leather of diego 's custom seats , thinking nothing had ever felt so good . 
 diego slid into the driver 's seat . 
 reid , who 'd not said a word , was at the back of the truck talking to graham . 
 misty could n't hear what they said , but reid wore a worried expression as he scanned the desert . 
 reid then climbed into the pickup 's bed , still conversing with graham . 
 diego said nothing , only put the truck into gear and pulled out . 
 `` can i borrow your phone ? '' 
 misty said , her voice thin and tired . 
 `` i need to call my brother . '' 
 `` already taken care of , '' diego said . 
 `` your brother is safe , in shiftertown , in fact . 
 my brother and a couple of my guards are at your house , making sure no bad guys show up there . 
 paul 's at eric 's house , which is where we 're headed . '' 
 `` no , '' misty said sharply . 
 `` i want to go home . '' 
 diego looked at her in the rearview mirror , surprise on his face . 
 `` your brother 's worried about you . '' 
 `` keep him safe , and thank you . 
 but i need to be alone for a little bit . 
 tell paul i 'm fine , and i 'll see him later . 
 if my house is safe , i want to go there . '' 
 diego still looked puzzled , but he did n't argue . 
 misty dozed off once the truck left rutted road for smooth pavement . 
 the pickup 's deeply tinted windows kept out the sun and leather seats cradled her body . 
 the sleep did n't refresh her , though . 
 flashes of dreams struck her-graham with blood all over him , flores 's pockmarked face when he 'd pushed it close to hers , the despair when she 'd been locked in the hot shack . 
 threading through these visions was the remembered sensation of the wonderful , sweet , clear coolness of the water . 
 misty wanted more . 
 she had to have more . 
 the truck jerked as diego slowed for traffic on the freeway , and misty woke . 
 the dreams fled , and she could n't remember them when she reached for them . 
 but she was still thirsty . 
 diego pulled off the freeway and took the streets to the ordinary suburban neighborhood where misty lived . 
 in a short time , he was pulling into her driveway , the house a welcome sight . 
 graham was up and out of the pickup 's bed as misty opened the cab 's door and let diego help her out . 
 she started for her front door but realized in dismay she did n't have her keys . 
 they 'd be at the shop in her purse , still locked in her desk drawer . 
 did n't matter . 
 diego 's brother xavier pulled open the house 's front door from the inside , looked around , then gave a thumbs-up to diego . 
 graham got in front of misty as she went up the walk . 
 `` where the hell do you think you 're going ? '' 
 `` inside . '' 
 misty motioned to the door where xavier waited . 
 `` i live here . '' 
 diego raised his brows , looked at graham , and then turned and moved discreetly back to the pickup , pulling out his phone to text someone . 
 `` you 'll be safer in shiftertown , '' graham said , his voice a growl . 
 `` but i want to stay here . '' 
 misty shook her head . 
 `` thank you for helping , graham , and i 'm sorry you got hurt because of me . '' 
 she paused . 
 xavier had retreated inside the house , as discreet as his brother , leaving her and graham relatively alone . 
 she drew a breath . 
 `` but do n't call me again . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 graham 's focus shot to her , the distraction of his fear and anger gone . 
 his eyes burned , every part of his unnerving attention on her . 
 misty stepped into the shade of her small front porch . 
 `` i said do n't call me . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 `` done with what ? 
 what the f ** k are you talking about ? '' 
 `` good-bye , graham . '' 
 misty made herself walk inside the house and start to shut the door . 
 she thought graham would grab the door at the last minute and charge in after her , raging all the way , but he only stood there , amazingly still , his wolf eyes going silver as she closed the door in his face . 
 chapter five this is what i get for tangling with a human . 
 graham repeated this to himself all the way back to shiftertown . 
 he and dougal were now riding inside the cushy cab of diego 's truck , in the backseat , the air conditioning on too high for graham 's taste . 
 but graham wanted to ride inside because dougal still needed graham 's reassuring hugs , and graham did n't want the dumb-ass human police seeing dougal basically on graham 's lap , and pulling them over . 
 dougal would n't last against human police right now-he might do or say something stupid and get them all arrested . 
 in fact , humans were pains in the ass all the way around . 
 graham would keep that fact to himself while diego , a human , was driving them home . 
 plus diego had found graham a clean t-shirt , black with a tiny dx security logo on it . 
 but for the most part , humans were n't worth the time . 
 misty was a distraction for him , and graham did n't need distractions right now . 
 her scent , that was most distracting of all . 
 a scent graham could wrap around himself until everything bad went away . 
 misty 's smile was pretty good too . 
 he remembered when he 'd first seen her in the bar-she 'd given him that sweet smile and asked if he was shifter . 
 the smile had been completely absent this afternoon when misty had said , i 'm done , and closed the door on him . 
 the finality of it bore into graham 's heart . 
 like he needed a human in his life . 
 graham 's day had been hell since he 'd woken up . 
 first the lupine woman had attacked him in his own house , sent to try to get graham to mate with her . 
 then misty 's scared voice on the phone . 
 in the seconds he 'd heard her , he 'd known that nothing else mattered but finding misty and making sure she was all right . 
 she had n't been all right . 
 he 'd had to fight for her , which had led to him getting shot . 
 then he 'd slowly baked in the sun until misty made him drink water a fae had given her . 
 graham knew the `` hiker '' misty had stumbled upon had been fae . 
 reid agreed . 
 the cave she 'd described , which had mysteriously disappeared , screamed of fae . 
 they must have been on a ley line out there in the desert , one of the lines of magic that crisscrossed the world . 
 stone circles were found on them as well as other mystical places-fae loved ley lines . 
 graham remembered how the gang leader had smirked and said he only needed one shifter . 
 one shifter for what ? 
 to give to the fae lurking nearby ? 
 for what ? 
 no wonder the human had been stupid enough to give graham directions to his location instead of setting up a dead drop . 
 the human had planned to give him to the fae . 
 why , graham had no idea . 
 did n't matter though , did it ? 
 graham had drunk the effing water . 
 it had cured his gunshot wound almost instantly , but fae cures came with a price . 
 whatever else the water had done to him , he was n't sure yet . 
 he 'd planned to talk it over with misty when they got to shiftertown , where he 'd explain everything to her . 
 diego , the traitor , had taken her home instead . 
 fucking humans . 
 i need her . 
 graham banished the voice inside his head . 
 he did n't need misty . 
 he needed to take a lupine mate , and soon . 
 dougal was n't a natural leader , and his wolves were getting restless because graham had no other heir . 
 he had to establish his dynasty , have strong cubs of his own who 'd protect dougal as family . 
 plus , he needed to keep the wolves he 'd brought to this shiftertown under his control . 
 the human government , trying to consolidate and save money , had closed the shiftertown in elko last year and shunted all graham 's shifters here , expecting graham and eric , two powerful alphas , to decide who would lead . 
 the humans had created a powder keg begging to explode . 
 some of graham 's shifters were near to feral , having lived close to the wild for so long . 
 the few lupines participating in the experiment to take off collars were getting too big for their britches , like the female this morning . 
 collars did n't make or unmake dominance . 
 the idiots needed to learn that . 
 collars just shocked you . 
 graham had decided to keep his collar to prove no one would be able to best him despite the torture device around his neck . 
 no , he thought , as the pickup turned onto the streets of shiftertown , i do n't need a human woman in my life to screw me up right now . 
 i 'm done , misty had said . 
 why did those words echo over and over inside his head ? 
 diego pulled the truck into the driveway of eric 's house . 
 eric warden sat on a bench on his low-roofed porch , his bare feet up on the thick wooden railing . 
 he did n't bother to rise when the truck pulled up , only turned his head to watch them stop and get out . 
 eric was like that , acting all laid-back and too lazy to do anything . 
 the truth was , he was the dominant feline-the dominant shifter-of shiftertown , and he could switch from laid-back kitty cat to killing machine in a heartbeat . 
 his mate , iona , came out of the house with a little more animation . 
 iona was a sassy sweetheart , even more so now that she was pregnant and about to drop her first cub . 
 her wildcat was mostly panther-which , everyone had explained to graham , was a rare , black form of leopard . 
 explained why she and eric , a snow leopard , got along so well . 
 the pair of them could be scary as hell when they wanted to be , but mostly they sat around looking pleased with themselves . 
 felines . 
 iona started to ask , `` what exactly happened ? '' 
 as graham lifted his bike out of the back of diego 's truck , but graham cut over her words . 
 `` we need to contain those humans , warden . 
 they hurt misty , and i 'm not letting them get away with that . '' 
 another human came out of the house-paul , misty 's younger brother . 
 he had dark brown eyes , like misty 's , and he was rawboned and lanky , like dougal . 
 he 'd shaved off his hair during his time in prison , but he looked too young for the buzz . 
 for a human , he was full-grown , twenty-three or something like that , but still he looked very young . 
 he 'd been in prison for the last five years , serving a sentence for riding in the back of a stolen car when it had gotten into a wreck that killed other humans . 
 paul 's lawyer had finally gotten him parole six months ago . 
 graham had been partly responsible for his parole-he 'd growled at eric and diego until the two had used their influence in the law enforcement system around here to get the kid released . 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 paul asked anxiously . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` home , '' graham said . 
 `` she needed a break , all right ? '' 
 eyes focused on graham . 
 two pairs of feline eyes , lupine ones from dougal , the human eyes of paul and diego , and the weird , black-hole eyes of stuart reid . 
 graham had seen a glimmer of pure rage in reid 's dark eyes when graham had told him about the fae . 
 reid hated fae-he called them hoch alfar-hated them more than shifters did ... nah , that was n't possible . 
 `` she 's fine , '' graham said into the silence . 
 `` xavier is looking out for her . 
 but we have to cut it off at the source . 
 if we get the leader , the rest will go down easy . '' 
 `` already being taken care of , '' eric said mildly . 
 `` diego ? '' 
 `` dx security tracked down sam flores and his gang nursing themselves at their safe house . 
 looks like you and dougal ripped them up pretty good . 
 i dutifully reported flores 's criminal activity to the police . 
 i know guys on the force who were happy to shovel sam flores and his boys back into prison . 
 they broke their parole , so they 're history . 
 my friends found dougal 's motorcycle and are returning it to the dx security offices as we speak . '' 
 graham had meant something more permanent for flores , like quietly breaking his neck and burying him somewhere no one would find him . 
 that 's what flores had intended to do to misty and paul , and graham saw no reason to be lenient . 
 but human justice was different from shifter justice . 
 graham knew he had to let diego take care of it , much as it chafed him . 
 diego had been a very good cop , with awards and everything , and the humans respected him , even after he 'd mated with a shifter . 
 diego 's shifter mate came out of the house now , carrying their eight-month-old cub , amanda . 
 attention left graham and turned to the baby , who looked fearlessly out at the world from the safety of her mother 's arms . 
 she had diego 's dark hair but cassidy 's feline green eyes . 
 diego had been surprised by the green eyes , but genetics worked a little differently for shifters . 
 amanda would be feline , like cassidy , but because she was half human , she 'd not change into her feline form for a few years yet . 
 cassidy smiled at diego , her love for her human obvious . 
 diego had gone through a fae magic ritual that would extend his lifespan to be close to what cassidy 's natural one would be . 
 graham had always wondered why the fae had agreed , centuries ago , to perform this service for shifters who took human mates , but he 'd never bothered to track down a fae and ask him . 
 graham stayed as far away from anything fae as he possibly could . 
 which brought him back around to the current problem . 
 the shot he 'd taken was a flea bite compared with what the fae had potentially done to him . 
 and no one could know . 
 graham had told reid , but reid could keep his mouth shut . 
 if any hint got out among the shifters that graham might be fae-touched , he 'd be finished . 
 his wilder lupines might try to kill him and take over his power . 
 eric would try to stop them , and then there 'd be a battle to the death , a bloodbath the collars could n't slow . 
 eric would win in the end , but a lot of good shifters could die , including cubs . 
 this was turning out to be one hell of a day . 
 `` i 'm going home , '' graham said . 
 `` call me if you need help taking out the humans . '' 
 `` thanks , graham , '' paul said after him . 
 `` for helping her . '' 
 graham made an indifferent wave . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 he and dougal , who still did n't want to move more than a step away from graham , went home , wheeling graham 's broken bike between them . 
 graham lived in the new section of shiftertown , where houses were still under construction . 
 graham 's house and about six others were completely done , the others nearing completion . 
 because graham was a leader , he 'd insisted on his house being bigger than the others . 
 eric might play i 'm - the-same-as-you with his shifters , but graham decided to never let others forget his position . 
 a shifter played with fire if he did . 
 the newer houses were more modern looking than the ones on eric 's street , with stucco and tile , and lots of windows . 
 graham 's house had a second floor . 
 the older portion of shiftertown had been built in the 1960s , when people kept out the heat with small windows set high under the eaves , thick outer walls , and flat , white roofs . 
 graham had insisted on more modern insulation and double-paned windows , and iona , who owned the construction company that built the houses , had agreed . 
 all the new houses had air-conditioning that worked , so graham walked into a cool haven . 
 he shut the door behind him and dougal and let out a sigh of relief . 
 dougal was still stressed . 
 graham could scent it on the lad , sweat mixed with panic and exhaustion . 
 graham turned to his nephew , who was starting to curl in on himself , straightened him up , and pulled him into another hard hug . 
 graham had been doing this for thirty years , he realized-holding dougal while he grew up . 
 `` you did good out there . '' 
 graham patted dougal 's back and tightened the hug . 
 `` you knew exactly what to do , and you brought help in time . 
 we made it , and we 're home , and whole . '' 
 dougal nodded against graham 's shoulder . 
 he stayed dormant in graham 's embrace for a time , then he took a deep breath , his strength returning . 
 shifter hugs were more than just comfort ; they were healing . 
 `` better ? '' 
 graham asked , releasing him . 
 dougal wiped his eyes as he turned away . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i have things to do , shifters to see . 
 call me if you need me again . '' 
 dougal walked to the front door , the swagger returning to his step . 
 graham hid his chuckle until dougal had breezed out of the house , slamming the door behind him . 
 he 'd be all right . 
 graham 's laughter died as he made his way to the kitchen , thirst kicking him . 
 he 'd known the water was foul as soon as he 'd smelled it , but his thirst had won over his common sense . 
 and now he was thirsty again . 
 he clenched his fists . 
 if he gave in to a fae curse , he might as well summon the guardian and fall on the sword . 
 misty had n't seemed affected by the spelled water . 
 graham had looked into her face and had n't seen anything but her clear , brown eyes , framed with thick , dark lashes . 
 lashes he 'd love to feel fluttering over his skin . 
 do n't call me again , she 'd said . 
 she had n't meant that , right ? 
 so hard to tell with humans . 
 misty had gone through trauma today , been threatened , terrorized , and hurt , poor thing . 
 when she felt better , she 'd call graham and ask if they could talk . 
 misty liked to talk . 
 on the phone , in person , over e-mail . 
 graham had never talked much with his other females , but then , his previous relationships had been all sex and not much else . 
 even with his mate , rita , they 'd spent most of the time in bed . 
 they 'd never really talked . 
 graham had never taken the opportunity to truly get to know rita , and then she 'd been gone , dead , the guardian turning her to dust . 
 her death and his baby son 's had left him stunned , barely able to think beyond his grief . 
 brooding about rita and misty was n't going to help graham with his problems now . 
 a shifter had to push away grief and relationship worries and concentrate on immediate problems . 
 that was the only way to survive . 
 right ? 
 graham walked into his kitchen , deep in thought ... and stopped . 
 something was very wrong . 
 he 'd left the place trashed , yes , with his stupid fight with that lupine , but not this trashed . 
 someone had opened every single door of every single cabinet , and had yanked out every single drawer . 
 graham 's pots , pans , and dishes , and cans and boxes of food were all over the floor , porcelain smashed , glasses broken , boxes opened , powder and grains spewed everywhere . 
 the refrigerator door was ajar , and bottles and cans had burst open on the floor outside it , rendering the tiles a mess of ketchup , mustard , pickles , and beer . 
 the refrigerator was shaking now too , as though it had taken on a life of its own . 
 no fae spell was doing this . 
 graham roared as he yanked open the door . 
 two fuzzy faces turned toward him , two pairs of eyes widened under two pairs of ears that managed to be pricked and flopping at the same time . 
 two little muzzles opened in identical , high-pitched howls , and two tails started moving rapidly , dumping over a half gallon of milk between them . 
 `` what the hell are you doing in there ? '' 
 graham bellowed . 
 matt and kyle , the three-year-old wolves , yipped with joy , and launched themselves out of the refrigerator . 
 they had a frenzied fight over who would reach graham first , kyle winning by a whisker . 
 both cubs scrambled up graham 's legs to his bare arms , wriggling with joy as though they had n't seen him in weeks instead of about twenty-four hours . 
 graham 's back door opened , and a shifter woman came in-brenda roberts , the cubs ' foster mother . 
 she ducked her head , as all graham 's wolves did when they faced their alpha , but her eyes held defiance . 
 `` i ca n't do it anymore , graham , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't take care of them . 
 i have my own cubs to look after , and i. just . 
 ca n't . 
 do . 
 it . '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 graham asked , something like panic rising . 
 `` you 're taking care of them fine . '' 
 brenda shook her head and kept on shaking it . 
 `` no i 'm not . 
 i 'm not sleeping , or eating , or doing anything but running around after those two little shits . 
 i ca n't even go to the bathroom without them coming in and tearing down the shower curtain and eating the toilet paper . 
 they need a firm hand , graham , and mine 's not firm enough . '' 
 `` i do n't have time for this , '' graham said loudly . 
 kyle and matt clung to him , small claws digging into his arms . 
 `` if you do n't want to take care of them , fine . 
 but they stay with you until i can find another foster . '' 
 brenda was already shaking her head again . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 when they had space to run around up in elko , they were fine . 
 sort of . 
 now that they 're more restricted , they 're going insane and taking me with them . 
 i 've gone through eight months of hell , and i ca n't do it anymore . 
 punish me if you want to , but i 'm not keeping those cubs another day . '' 
 brenda still would n't look at graham directly , but she had determination on her face . 
 lower dominance wolves never disobeyed their alpha-unless driven beyond normal endurance into something that would break them . 
 brenda had stood strong behind graham and given a lot to the lupines . 
 and now this loyal wolf was being defeated by two adorable cubs who looked up at graham with innocent eyes . 
 graham could shove the cubs back at her and tell her to suck it up ; he had that right . 
 she could obey , or she could die . 
 but graham was n't leader because he was the loudest-voiced ass ** le in the pack , no matter what anyone else thought . 
 he 'd seen how worn down brenda was , and it was true-she had four cubs of her own . 
 she 'd taken kyle and matt because of her soft heart , and graham knew he 'd taken advantage of her . 
 so had matt and kyle . 
 `` all right , all right , '' graham said . 
 `` just go . '' 
 brenda 's shoulders slumped in relief . 
 she would n't have left the house without graham giving her permission-not like misty-no matter how much staying was upsetting her . 
 brenda gave him a grateful look then turned around and marched out the door , the draft of its closing rushing over graham and the cubs . 
 `` shit . '' 
 graham grabbed both cubs by their scruffs and held them up , facing him . 
 `` what am i going to do with you two ? '' 
 kyle and matt squirmed in joy and wagged their tails . 
 `` shit , '' he repeated , softly this time . 
 raising dougal had been the hardest thing graham had ever done-he was still doing it . 
 no way could he go through that again . 
 `` tell you what ; we 'll go visit a nice shifter lady whose cubs had to have been worse even than you two . '' 
 fine with matt and kyle . 
 graham left the disaster of his kitchen and went out of the house again . 
 he marched back through shiftertown , the two wolf cubs on his shoulders clinging so tightly they ripped into the black shirt diego had given him , cutting into graham 's skin underneath . 
 chapter six misty surveyed the wreck of her store without being able to feel much . 
 she 'd built the shop with nothing but a little savings , a start-up grant for women in small business , and a bit of know-how . 
 her father had been great at starting businesses . 
 he 'd absolutely sucked at keeping the businesses going after a week or two , because his get-rich-quick plans never worked out . 
 but it had been so much fun for misty and paul to help him out . 
 when the three of them had been together , working , planning , and dreaming , they could n't be stopped . 
 dad had never succeeded , and had died in an accident when misty had been a senior in high school . 
 misty had learned from him , though , how to get a business up and running . 
 she 'd chosen a flower shop because people bought flowers when they wanted to make other people happy or cheer them up . 
 misty had had enough unhappiness shoved at her in her lifetime that she wanted a career that would take her away from that . 
 she 'd discovered selling flowers was not as easy as it seemed , but she 'd researched , worked hard , and got lucky when this strip mall had a small slot to fill . 
 her shop did n't make millions , but misty made a living , and she liked what she was doing . 
 now that paul had his parole , he worked for her , doing deliveries and running errands , and he was enjoying it . 
 misty had labored so hard for this business , and one person with a grudge had ruined it in the space of a morning . 
 she might have to close , not just until she cleaned up the store , but for good . 
 she 'd had to cancel the orders for today that had n't already been on the van , and she 'd probably have to cancel the rest of the orders for the month and return her customers ' money . 
 one of diego 's security team had taken the shop 's van , the only thing intact , out to make the remaining deliveries so paul could stay safely in shiftertown . 
 misty knew she owed diego and his guys for all their help . 
 graham too , even more so . 
 she and paul would have been dead today if it had n't been for graham . 
 xavier escobar had driven her down to the store and come in with her . 
 `` what a mess , '' he said , looking around . 
 `` at least we got the bastards who did this . '' 
 misty nodded , her throat tight . 
 `` i really appreciate you taking care of paul . 
 if something had happened to him ... '' `` it would n't have been your fault , '' xavier said quickly , putting a warm hand on her shoulder . 
 `` guys like flores think they own the world and everyone in it . 
 they need to be taught they do n't . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` it 's kind of fun to teach them . '' 
 xav was such a nice guy , in a hard do n't - mess-with-me kind of way . 
 he too was a former cop , and had started dx security with diego to help people who could n't otherwise find help , which misty could respect . 
 `` we can have a team in here to clean up right away , '' xav said . 
 `` make the place good as new . '' 
 misty shook her head and moved away from him . 
 `` insurance assessment first . 
 that 's why i pay for it . '' 
 `` okay , but if they start being a pain in the ass about it , you call me . 
 i know people , iona 's family runs a construction company , shifters like to build things ... '' he leaned against the one clear spot on the counter as he spoke . 
 xav had brown black hair , dark brown eyes , liquid dark skin , and a square , handsome face . 
 a hot man on a hot day . 
 why could n't misty fall for someone like him ? 
 but no , she had to have a soft spot for a crazy wolf shifter with a growling voice and a piercing gray stare . 
 she shivered as she thought about that stare when she 'd closed the door on him . 
 but misty had needed to be alone , to think , to worry about why graham had been so enraged at her , why he 'd said such things to her . 
 and why was she so thirsty ? 
 `` any more water left ? '' 
 xavier looked into the little cooler he 'd brought with him . 
 `` you drank the last one . '' 
 no problem . 
 she 'd go across to the convenience store . 
 misty was out the door and halfway across the parking lot before xavier could follow . 
 at the convenience store , misty nodded a hello to pedro at the cash register then went straight to the drink refrigerators and started taking out bottles of water . 
 if she was this dehydrated , she thought dimly , she should grab some gatorade or something . 
 but no , she wanted water . 
 buckets of it . 
 `` hey , '' a voice said beside her . 
 misty looked up , her arms full of blissfully cool and moist bottles , to see the hiker from the desert . 
 he was still in his hiking gear , a little more sweaty and dirty than before , and he was reaching for water too . 
 `` you made it back , '' he said . 
 obvious , since misty was standing right there . 
 `` yeah . 
 we made it . 
 what happened to you ? 
 i thought you were right behind me , and then you were n't . '' 
 the hiker shrugged . 
 `` took a different trail . 
 did n't see you . 
 when i looked for you , you were gone , so i figured you 'd caught a ride . '' 
 misty nodded . 
 `` friends came and picked us up . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he plucked a bottle out of the fridge and smiled at her . 
 the smile was odd . 
 his teeth were n't exactly pointed , but they did n't look right either . 
 his hair , tousled and sweat soaked , covered his head to his neck . 
 when his hair was n't dirty , it would be very light blond , almost white . 
 `` see ya , '' he said , and turned his lanky body to move to the cash register . 
 misty took yet another bottle from the fridge and wished she 'd thought to grab a handbasket . 
 by the time she struggled up to the register , the hiker was gone . 
 `` what are the odds ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 pedro looked at her blankly , pausing as he rang up her purchase . 
 misty realized she 'd said the words out loud . 
 `` what are the odds that a guy i met out in the desert turns up at this convenience store ? 
 how many are in this city-say , thirty ? 
 more than that ? 
 but he comes to the one right next to my shop . '' 
 `` maybe he likes you , '' pedro said , counting out her change . 
 `` and followed me ? 
 creepy . 
 did you see what kind of car he has ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 did n't see him get into a car at all . 
 or anything . '' 
 he handed misty the change . 
 `` sorry about your store . 
 did they get the guys who did it ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 they 've been arrested . '' 
 `` thank god . 
 that was fast . 
 i worked at a store that was robbed seven times , and no one ever found anyone . 
 cops were all over your place though . '' 
 misty did n't bother to mention the role shifters had in taking down flores and his little gang . 
 she was n't sure which way pedro leaned on shifters . 
 `` thanks , pedro . 
 see you . '' 
 pedro said a cordial good-bye and turned to his next customer . 
 misty drank half a bottle of water walking back to her store , where xavier met her and escorted her back inside . 
 `` you should n't stay here , '' xav said as misty looked around at her ruined store again . 
 `` i need to ... '' she stopped , and could n't finish . 
 misty felt xav 's warm arm around her . 
 `` i 'll give you a ride back home . 
 our guys will watch over this place better than any security camera or cops on patrol . 
 you do n't have to worry about a thing . '' 
 one of the `` guys '' he talked about was shane , a bear shifter who lived next door to eric , who now grinned at her from the back and gave her a wave . 
 misty had never seen shane shift into a bear , a grizzly , but his bulk at the door did make her feel better . 
 sam flores and men like him would never get past shane . 
 misty gave xav a smile and turned away , gathering up the cash from her register and safe to take to the bank . 
 flores had been so intent on his revenge on paul he had n't bothered to rob her . 
 one bunch of roses in her cooler had survived intact . 
 misty found a vase for them , and then xavier helped her carry everything out to his truck , got her inside , drove her to the bank , and then home . 
 `` thanks , xavier . 
 lindsay is lucky to have you . '' 
 xavier gave a laugh as he followed misty out of the truck and into her house , the vase under his arm . 
 `` lindsay and i have fun , but she can take me or leave me . 
 she goes out with other guys , and i learned a while ago either to be fine with it or stop seeing her at all . '' 
 misty knew he was n't wrong . 
 lindsay had told misty that she was n't ready to settle down yet and look for a mate . 
 she was only fifty , for the goddess 's sake , she 'd said , laughing . 
 she had a lot of wild oats to sow , and female shifters could sow some serious oats . 
 `` sorry about that , '' misty said . 
 xavier shrugged . 
 `` we 're both young . 
 i give her space , and she gives me space . 
 maybe one day ... '' `` well , she should take what she 's got while she can . '' 
 misty headed for the kitchen and laid the roses on the counter , scarlet heads resting on paper towels . 
 she took the vase from xavier and started running water into it . 
 cool , flowing water , reminding her of the water in the cave . 
 sweet , burbling , enticing water . 
 misty had wanted to strip off her clothes and dive her hot body into the pool , except the hiker had been there . 
 truly weird how he 'd happened to show up at the convenience store where she was . 
 made her shiver . 
 misty was grateful for xavier 's presence and reassurance . 
 `` you 're sweet , '' xavier said , as misty lifted the dripping vase to more paper towels on the counter . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 she asked absently , snipping the last inch or so from the roses ' stems . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for what you said about lindsay . 
 graham should appreciate you better . '' 
 `` i dumped him , '' misty said . 
 xav blinked . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` i said , i dumped him . '' 
 misty tore off low-hanging leaves with more force than necessary and stuck the roses into the vase . 
 `` i 'm tired of him assuming i 'll be there for him whenever he wants . '' 
 she jabbed the stems in . 
 `` he expects me to be waiting , as though i do n't exist when he is n't around . 
 but i have a life . 
 if he does n't want me in his , then fine . '' 
 she stuck in the last rose , cleaned up the mess , and carried the vase to a table in the hall . 
 the roses filled the space with bright color and fragrance . 
 xavier followed her . 
 `` i guess i get that . '' 
 `` i mean , it 's not like we have a sex life or anything . 
 i do n't know what graham finds wrong about me , but he 's not interested . '' 
 `` not interested ? '' 
 xavier looked misty up and down with flattering interest . 
 `` is he insane ? '' 
 `` you know what it is to be a human around shifters . 
 i liked graham as soon as i saw him , but he drives me crazy . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 i 'm pretty sure he backs off me because i 'm not shifter . 
 i bet that 's why lindsay keeps it cool with you too . '' 
 xavier started to shake his head , and ended up shrugging . 
 `` yeah , i figured that . '' 
 `` look at us . 
 we 're both two perfectly nice people . 
 why are we hanging around waiting on shifters instead of finding other perfectly nice humans to be with ? 
 we 're no better than the shifter groupies . '' 
 xav let out another laugh . 
 `` are you sure you 've only been drinking water ? '' 
 `` very sure . 
 but i 'm still thirsty . 
 i must have gotten seriously dehydrated . 
 i 'll start on the booze as soon as i feel better . '' 
 `` why do n't you drink some more water and lie down or something ? '' 
 xav said . 
 `` i 'll be here , standing guard , so you do n't have to worry about anything . 
 you had an ordeal . '' 
 misty sighed . 
 `` see ? 
 i 'm right-you are sweet . 
 lindsay does n't know what she 's missing . '' 
 xav actually started to blush . 
 misty went around him and back to the fridge to grab a bottle of water with electrolytes . 
 on the way out of the kitchen , she paused next to xavier , rose on her tiptoes , and kissed his cheek . 
 `` that 's dangerous , '' xav said in a low voice . 
 misty walked away from him , opened the bottle , and gulped down a third of the water on her way to the bedroom . 
 she fell asleep very quickly . 
 she tried to think about xav 's handsome face , but it was instantly blotted out by graham 's hard , intense stare , and then she was asleep and dreaming . 
 misty thought she was back in the huge cave she 'd found . 
 water burbled in the middle of it , this time in an ornate , gigantic fountain that flowed into a river of water . 
 flowers and vines snaked around the fountain , up the rock walls , across the floor . 
 these flowers should n't be thriving , not out here . 
 desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden-large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird-of-paradise . 
 everything was beautiful in a bizarre kind of way . 
 misty 's mouth went drier than ever as she gazed at the fountain . 
 she needed that water . 
 come . 
 drink . 
 the hiker stood near the fountain . 
 he was no longer the scruffy , dirt-stained , sweaty man who 'd talked to her in the desert and the convenience store . 
 his face was clean , sharp , and his hair , white blond , flowed to his waist in a long , straight wave . 
 some women would kill for hair like that . 
 misty could n't see what the hiker wore now , but whatever it was shimmered and caught the light . 
 `` come , '' the hiker said again . 
 his voice was deeper than when she 'd first heard it , the vowels long , consonants soft . 
 `` rest . 
 slake your thirst . '' 
 misty licked her lips , finding them dry and cracked , her mouth parched . 
 `` drink , '' the hiker whispered . 
 misty took a step forward . 
 then she stopped . 
 everything inside her screamed at her not to go near that fountain , as enticing as it was . 
 the hiker spoke again , his voice smooth and coaxing . 
 `` the shifter is dying . 
 take him the water . 
 it is the only thing that will save him . '' 
 what shifter ? 
 then misty saw graham lying on the ground , flowering vines encircling him . 
 his face was wan , blood coated his bare torso , and his breathing was rapid and shallow . 
 he opened wolf gray eyes and stared right at her . 
 `` misty . '' 
 the word was faint , scratchy , graham 's voice nowhere near as rich as the hiker 's . 
 `` help me . '' 
 `` only the water will cure him , '' the hiker said . 
 `` take it . '' 
 he reached into the fountain then lifted his hand and let droplets trickle back into the river with a silvery sound . 
 misty 's thirst jumped higher . 
 no , something inside her pleaded . 
 do n't . 
 but this was only a dream . 
 it did n't matter what she did in a dream , did it ? 
 `` misty , '' graham said again . 
 `` please help me , love . 
 i 'm so sorry i hurt you . '' 
 misty froze again , staring at graham . 
 he looked back at her , sorrow in his eyes . 
 now she knew it was a dream . 
 because no way in hell would graham ever say in a cultured tone , please help me , love . 
 i 'm so sorry i hurt you . 
 the dream graham blinked , scowled , and took a deep breath . 
 `` do n't listen to the bastard . 
 he 's tricking you . 
 he thinks humans are easy . '' 
 he sounded much more like himself-gruff , gravelly , impatient . 
 the hiker 's voice rose to drown out graham 's . 
 `` he needs the water . 
 he will die . 
 would you let him die to assuage your pride ? 
 save him , misty . '' 
 no , she would n't let graham die . 
 all she had to do , at least in the dream , was take him a drink of that water . 
 misty started forward . 
 one little scoop , and graham would feel better . 
 then the dream would go away , and she could sleep in peace . 
 a growl made her halt . 
 the growl was n't huge and fierce , like graham 's , but small , childish , and insistent . 
 and at her feet . 
 misty looked down . 
 two wolf cubs stared back up at her . 
 their muzzles were fuzzy , their eyes big , their ears perked . 
 both bared little wolf teeth in full snarls . 
 when they grew up , those snarls would be frightening ; right now , they were tiny but unceasing . 
 misty had met these two before , matt and kyle , orphaned twins who lived in shiftertown . 
 they could shift into twin three-year-old boys , but they liked to stay in wolf form , better for running around and playing , they 'd once explained . 
 `` where 'd you two come from ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 both cubs wagged their tails , but when misty tried to step past them , they got in front of her again , little bodies vibrating with their growls . 
 `` leave them , '' the hiker said . 
 `` they do n't understand . '' 
 one of the cubs , kyle or matt-she could never tell them apart-turned to the hiker , planted his little feet , and howled at him . 
 the hiker hissed and pointed his finger at kyle ... or matt . 
 misty did n't like the pointing finger . 
 she expected lightning or something to come out of it , and since this was a dream , it probably could . 
 misty leapt between the hiker and the cubs . 
 `` do n't even think about hurting them , '' she shouted . 
 `` and get the hell out of my dream . '' 
 the hiker started for her . 
 matt and kyle were going insane , trying to move around her to attack . 
 misty put her arms out in an attempt to protect them and graham behind them . 
 `` leave the shifters alone ! '' 
 the hiss turned to a snarl , a cold , nasty sound , and then all misty could feel was ice . 
 it coated the flowers and killed them instantly , then started toward graham . 
 misty snatched up the cubs under her arms-these little squirming guys were heavy . 
 she flung herself and them on top of graham , trying to shield him from the creeping ice . 
 `` hey , i 'm starting to like this dream , '' graham said , his voice still too weak . 
 kyle and matt wriggled out of misty 's grasp . 
 tails moving fast , they licked graham 's face . 
 `` shit , '' he said , screwing his eyes shut . 
 `` now i 'm hating it again . '' 
 kyle and matt raised their heads and began growling anew . 
 misty looked up , and screamed . 
 the fountain had turned into a wave of ice , and now it was coming for them . 
 the ice rose , frost white but with blackness in the center . 
 it dove straight for them . 
 misty scooped kyle and matt underneath her , and stretched out on graham 's hard body . 
 graham 's arms came around her , warm , strong , and caring . 
 the black wave washed over them , engulfing them , sucking them down into hideous darkness . 
 misty screamed again and jumped awake . 
 two men stood at the foot of her bed . 
 one was xavier . 
 the other was reid , tall and tight-bodied , like the hiker , but with dark hair instead of white blond . 
 he had the same kind of eyes though , dark and mind-sucking , staring straight through her . 
 misty yelped again and grabbed at the blankets . 
 in her mad scramble , she tangled herself up , overbalanced , and rolled straight off the bed and onto the floor . 
 chapter seven `` you all right ? '' 
 xavier 's firm hand was there to help her to her feet . 
 misty pushed her hair out of her face , plopped back down on the bed , and let out her breath . 
 she was wearing only a long t-shirt , which covered her underwear , thankfully . 
 `` how do you think i am ? 
 i just woke up with two men standing over my bed . '' 
 `` reid and i heard you screaming . '' 
 `` had a bad dream . 
 sorry , i 'm still a little shaky . 
 and thirsty . '' 
 she licked the inside of her mouth . 
 xav and reid were staring at her as though they 'd never seen a woman wake up from a bad dream before . 
 misty stood up , pushing aside the blankets , and started out of the room . 
 she heard xav and reid follow as she padded down her narrow hall and out into the kitchen . 
 she opened the refrigerator , yanked out a bottle of water , and saw it was the last . 
 `` need to go to the store . '' 
 `` you 're not going anywhere , '' xav said . 
 `` i 'll send someone shopping for you , until we 're sure it 's safe for you to go out . '' 
 misty regarded him sharply as she pried open the water bottle . 
 `` you said you got flores . 
 who else is after me ? '' 
 xav exchanged a look with reid . 
 xav started to say , `` we 're not sure ... '' but reid cut him off . 
 `` tell me about the dream . '' 
 misty took several gulps of water , letting the wetness slosh around her mouth before she answered . 
 `` i saw that hiker , and the cave again . '' 
 `` every detail , '' reid said . 
 reid looked a lot like the hiker . 
 not exactly , but enough to be unnerving . 
 his build was similar , though the shape of his face was different . 
 the greatest similarity was his eyes . 
 reid 's coal dark eyes had the same kind of intense focus as the hiker 's . 
 misty related the dream to the two of them , remembering more of it as she spoke . 
 she described the pool , graham lying hurt nearby , the hiker 's commands , the wave of ice , and the two wolf cubs trying to stop her . 
 reid listened without blinking . 
 how did anyone not blink for that long ? 
 `` fae water , '' reid said . 
 misty glanced at her bottle . 
 `` what water ? '' 
 `` spelled . 
 one drink holds you in thrall , giving the fae a way to find you , no matter where you are . 
 the only thing that will slake your thirst is another drink of the water . 
 the fae will make you his slave , forcing you to do his bidding in exchange for another sip . 
 but the satisfaction does n't last , and you will be as thirsty as before . 
 more , even . 
 those enslaved end up parched and dying , no matter how much water they drink . '' 
 fear worked its way through misty . 
 `` but wait , that 's not right . 
 it was just a dream . 
 i 'm thirsty because i was stuck out in the desert for hours . 
 i was starting to get heatstroke . 
 it takes a long time to cool the body down again . '' 
 `` no , '' reid said . 
 `` the person you describe is a hoch alfar . 
 how he got to the place in the desert you were , i do n't know . 
 there must be a ley line there . '' 
 `` what the hell is a hock . . 
 what ? '' 
 xav answered . 
 `` a fae . 
 they come into human mythology as fairies . 
 you know , as in fairy tales , fairy godmothers . 
 but apparently , they 're evil bastards , not the cute things with wings . '' 
 he jerked his thumb at reid . 
 `` he 's a fae . '' 
 reid looked annoyed . 
 `` i am dokk alfar . 
 dark fae . 
 not the evil-bastard kind . '' 
 `` depends on your point of view , '' xav said without smiling . 
 misty opened her mouth to argue some more-they had to be insane-but xav 's words made her remember something . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 sucking on more water , misty left the kitchen and made her way back down the hall , the tile floor cool to her bare feet . 
 the bedroom she used as her home office was comfortingly cluttered , her computer and sheets of invoices waiting for her to catalog them , her shelves filled with books on flowers and plants . 
 misty scanned the shelves , which contained books about everything from scientific studies of rose growing to the meanings of flowers in victorian times . 
 she had books on the care of cut flowers , flower arranging , how commercial flowers were grown and cultivated , and the history of every flower imaginable and how to grow them . 
 misty also collected unusual books about flowers , buying them at antique stores , flea markets , garage sales , and used bookstores . 
 she 'd found fascinating gems filled with flower lore from centuries past . 
 there it was . 
 misty reached to the top shelf and pulled out a small book , leather bound , with the binding still pretty good . 
 the book had been published in 1907 , and by the quantity of handwritten notes and underlining inside , had been used quite a bit . 
 she 'd found the book at the bottom of a cardboard box of old paperback romances ; the indifferent flea market vendor had charged her a dollar for the entire box . 
 she sat down at her desk , opened the book , and scanned it for what she was looking for . 
 misty found the slanting pen strokes of the little volume 's unknown previous owner strangely calming . 
 whoever it was had written such notes as , only attempt under a waxing moon ; make sure the flowers have bloomed three days on the bush and are cut in the morning ; scatter the leftover petals across water in the light of the setting sun . 
 misty flipped through until she found the entry she was looking for . 
 to counter faery magic . 
 she read , her heart beating faster . 
 gather petals of red roses , washed three times , chopped with a fine-bladed knife . 
 immerse in alcohol , and drink by the light of the moon . 
 drink four quantities . 
 bury leftover rose petals in the earth , turn thrice , and open to the cleansing rays of the moon , the mother goddess . 
 xav and reid were watching her , less curious than they were worried . 
 misty realized she was murmuring to herself , as she sometimes did when working here alone . 
 she held up the book . 
 `` it 's an out-there idea , but you never know . '' 
 reid reached for the book . 
 misty handed it to him , and his brows drew down as he read the page through . 
 `` this is - '' his words were cut off by a loud thumping on the front door , bangs like blows from a large and very angry hammer . 
 xavier lost his friendly look , his hand going to the gun in his back holster . 
 he stepped out into the hall , blocking misty 's way , and started for the front . 
 the door burst open , wood splintering as the lock gave way . 
 a hulk of a man strode in , followed , incongruously , by two small boys . 
 `` misty ! '' 
 graham 's bellow rocketed through the house . 
 xav relaxed and took his hand from the pistol . 
 reid joined xav , the two of them still shielding misty as graham came on like a freight train . 
 `` i 'm right here , '' misty said between the two tall men . 
 graham glared at the wall of xav and reid . 
 `` get out of the way . 
 i 'm not going to hurt her . '' 
 xav did n't move . 
 `` she said you split up . 
 now you tear down the door and come running inside her house . 
 what are we supposed to think ? '' 
 `` move , escobar , or i 'll break your ass . 
 misty , what the f ** k was that ? '' 
 `` what was what ? '' 
 misty squeezed around xav , who let out an exasperated breath as he let her go . 
 misty eyed the hole where her door latch used to be and the splinters of wood that clung to it . 
 `` graham , you broke my door . 
 what the hell ? '' 
 graham grabbed misty by the shoulders and stared down into her eyes . 
 the two kids , matt and kyle in their human form , grabbed onto his legs , one to each . 
 `` you were in that dream , right ? '' 
 graham demanded . 
 `` the one with the fountain and the fae ? '' 
 misty 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 `` i was there . 
 the fae bastard kept trying to get you to drink the water , and to give it to me . '' 
 `` and the wolf cubs stopped me . '' 
 `` then you all jumped on me . '' 
 graham let out a growl . 
 `` had to wash all the spit off my face when i woke up . 
 they were licking me for real . '' 
 `` this ca n't be right . 
 how did we share a dream ? '' 
 `` because fae magic is messed up . 
 i saw the ice coming for you . 
 i was afraid ... '' graham 's fingers clamped down on her shoulders , and the lines around his eyes tightened . 
 misty saw the fear in him , stark and real , which he strove to cover . 
 `` i 'm all right , '' misty said , softening her voice . 
 `` xav woke me up , and it all went away . '' 
 graham 's fingers tightened more , his anger returning to drive out the fear . 
 `` xav woke you ? 
 what the hell was xav doing with you while you were asleep ? '' 
 his glare shot to xavier , who stood without flinching . 
 `` guarding me , '' misty said . 
 `` what did you think ? '' 
 graham 's growl increased , his eyes turning very light gray . 
 he said nothing , only fixed his wolf stare on xav . 
 `` keep it cool , '' xavier said , unruffled . 
 `` i 'm not a shithead who takes advantage of a lady in distress . '' 
 `` the points to focus on , '' reid broke in firmly , `` are the shared dream , the fae spell , and how to break it . '' 
 misty shrugged out of graham 's grasp , much as she liked the comfort of his touch , even when he dug in . 
 `` that 's what you made me remember , reid-i 'd found a book of magic spells involving flowers . 
 i thought it was just nonsense , but now i 'm willing to give the rose spell a try . '' 
 anything to break this thirst . 
 she looked down at the boys , who were still clinging to graham , being quieter than she 'd ever seen them . 
 `` thank you , matt and kyle , for helping . '' 
 she glanced back up at graham . 
 `` were you all taking a nap ? '' 
 `` i was walking across shiftertown to take them to the bears , '' graham said . 
 `` i woke up flat on my ass in the dirt , with two wolf cubs licking my face all over . 
 little shits . '' 
 both boys grinned . 
 their faces were dirty , their t-shirts crooked , as though someone-probably graham-had dressed them in a hurry . 
 one boy had hair a lighter shade of brown than the other ; one had brown eyes and one hazel . 
 a way to tell them apart , misty thought , as soon as she figured out which was which . 
 misty leaned to them , her long t-shirt hanging to her knees . 
 `` you two want some ice cream ? '' 
 `` ice cream ! '' 
 the boys released graham at the same moment and hurtled toward the kitchen . 
 `` no shifting ! '' 
 graham bellowed after them . 
 `` they do n't need any more food , misty . 
 they already ate everything in my fridge . 
 do n't know why they have n't gotten sick yet . '' 
 `` energy , '' xav said . 
 `` diego and i gobbled down everything in sight when we were kids . 
 still do . '' 
 he grinned . 
 misty ducked back into her bedroom to change into a pair of shorts and a tank top . 
 by the time she emerged , the three men had gone into the kitchen after the cubs . 
 reid was sitting at the table going through the book , xav leaned on the counter near the back door , and matt and kyle had planted themselves in front of the refrigerator door , eyeing it longingly . 
 graham , behind them , had obviously told them not to open it . 
 `` come on , sweeties . '' 
 misty took down bowls , fetched chocolate-vanilla swirl ice cream from the freezer , and spooned it into bowls . 
 after observing the frozen chunks of chocolaty vanilla cream , icy in the bowls , misty scooped out a helping for herself . 
 `` xav ? '' 
 she offered . 
 `` reid ? 
 want any ? '' 
 reid held up a hand without looking away from the book . 
 xav shook his head , giving her a small smile . 
 `` not while i 'm on duty . '' 
 graham did n't respond as misty carried the bowls to the table , sat the little boys down , and gave them spoons . 
 the two boys stared at the spoons , mystified , then lifted the bowls , and started licking the ice cream out of them . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 graham roared . 
 `` be civilized . '' 
 `` do n't yell at them . '' 
 misty sat down across the table from reid and lifted her spoon . 
 `` maybe they do n't know . 
 like this . '' 
 misty demonstrated how to hold the spoon and dip it into the ice cream , then she scooped some into her mouth . 
 frozen goodness coated her tongue , momentarily easing her constant thirst . 
 would be great if she could cure herself with ice cream . 
 as soon as she swallowed , the thirst came back , so she shoveled in more ice cream . 
 kyle and matt watched her , wide-eyed . 
 `` you can eat faster our way , '' one of them-kyle ? 
 - said . 
 misty wanted to . 
 she could lift the bowl to her mouth and take all its contents in one gulp . 
 the only reason she did n't was because graham had sat down next to her and was watching her closely . 
 his gaze flicked to the spoon as she dipped it into the cream then followed it back to her mouth . 
 he fixed on her lips as the ice cream went in , dropped to her throat as she swallowed , then returned to her lips , where a bit of cream lingered . 
 when graham looked at her fully , misty stilled , caught by eyes that held heat like silver fire . 
 a shudder worked its way through her , besting even the thirst that popped back up as soon as she stopped eating . 
 quench it with graham ... the thought made her shake . 
 misty dug her spoon through the bowl , slowly lifting another scoop of cream . 
 the ice cream was starting to melt now , its chocolate-stained vanilla droplets falling back into the bowl . 
 she lifted the spoon to her mouth . 
 graham 's gaze fixed on her even tighter . 
 misty moved her tongue out and licked up a dollop from her spoon . 
 a growl sounded in graham 's throat , one so soft misty knew only she could hear it . 
 she took another lick of cream from the spoon . 
 graham sat so still he might have been carved into the chair , but his chest rose and fell sharply . 
 his face held the hardness of a man who 'd survived on his strength alone for a long time , but misty had always seen something in him besides the hardness . 
 the tiny lines that feathered from the corners of his eyes , for example . 
 he got them from laughing-graham was a man not afraid to laugh . 
 he could roar with it . 
 scars crisscrossed his cheekbones , and his nose had been broken , several times , he 'd told her . 
 his face was sunburned from their adventure today , but even that was healing , his skin settling into its usual liquid tan . 
 the sun-bronzing made his eyes stand out even more , the gray turning to silver as he watched her lick another bit of ice cream . 
 she moved her tongue around the mound on the spoon and drew it back between her lips ... graham snarled . 
 with one flick of his big hand , he sent the ice cream bowl flying across the table to shatter on the floor . 
 misty could form only the first syllable of his name in protest before he was up and out of the kitchen , striding out the back door into her small , walled yard . 
 as she leapt up to follow him , she realized the entire kitchen had gone quiet . 
 matt and kyle were staring , their eyes round , spoons frozen in place . 
 xavier , across the room , was watching as well . 
 he did n't smile , but there was a knowing look in his eyes . 
 only reid was oblivious , still poring over the little book . 
 misty darted out the back door , pulling it closed behind her . 
 graham was striding through her small yard , which she 'd filled with desert and tropical flowers she carefully cultivated . 
 he was stomping around , hands clasped on his head , the sun beating down on him . 
 he was about to ruin the clump of autumn sage she 'd nursed back from frost kill last winter-she 'd finally got the plant bushy again , the bright red blossoms cheerful against the green . 
 misty marched to graham and grabbed him by the arm . 
 he swung around , the look in his eyes so wild and empty that misty had to take a faltering step back . 
 chapter eight he could n't do this . 
 graham could n't be around this woman , who smelled like honey and spice , who curled her tongue around the light and dark ice cream as though it were the sweetest aphrodisiac . 
 he had a hard-on that would n't stop . 
 xav escobar knew it , the ass ** le . 
 graham had recognized the smirk . 
 of course , xav probably had one too . 
 and for that , graham would kill him . 
 `` i ca n't do this , '' he said . 
 `` ca n't do what ? '' 
 misty stood in front of him , hands on her hips . 
 `` break my door ? 
 smash my dishes ? 
 trample my plants ? 
 you 're like walking mass destruction . '' 
 she wanted him to apologize , graham realized . 
 but graham never apologized . 
 you said sorry , and people felt smug and justified , and started to take advantage . 
 hard to look into those sweet brown eyes and say nothing , though . 
 `` i 'll fix your front door . '' 
 `` you bet your ass you will , '' misty said . 
 `` now , are we going to talk about it ? '' 
 there she went again . 
 talking . 
 always talking . 
 `` i thought you were done with me , '' graham said . 
 `` i am , but that does n't mean i 'm not still mad at you . 
 or not talking to you . '' 
 `` then we 're not done . '' 
 not by a long way . 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 graham turned from her , not liking how fast his heart was beating . 
 or how thirsty he was . 
 he fought it , having learned to work through hunger and thirst a long time ago , but he knew he could n't banish it entirely . 
 the fae magic had gotten to him , but he could n't give in to it . 
 if he did that , he was dead . 
 to keep himself from thinking about the thirst , he focused on misty 's yard . 
 it was like her-compact , neat , beautiful . 
 she had n't simply stuck clumps of plants everywhere . 
 the yard had been landscaped , sculpted almost , with low mounds of grass and gravel hosting small flowering bushes and plants that bloomed fiercely under the hot sun . 
 a false wash of river rock cut through the yard , crossed by a small wooden bridge . 
 stepping stones led to the bridge and across the yard on the other side . 
 between the stones were gravel and scatterings of plants , blossoms moving in the summer breeze . 
 the ugly cement block walls , so common in southwestern cities , were softened by stands of hot pink and white oleanders on two walls , with a line of rose bushes , sheltered from the direct sun , on the third . 
 a pretty garden , with chairs and tables set out so misty and friends could sit and enjoy iced tea or whatever women drank on summer afternoons . 
 graham was out of place here , a hulking creature in the diminutive space . 
 misty seemed to be waiting for something . 
 graham did not understand her-anything female , in fact . 
 she declared she was finished with him , then she ran after him . 
 she said she wanted to talk to him , then she expected him to do the talking , when graham was n't any good at it . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? '' 
 he ended up almost shouting . 
 yelling-that he was good at . 
 misty glared . 
 did she know how edible she looked in her body-hugging tank top , the shorts that stopped mid-thigh ? 
 she 'd put on sandals , which showed her bare legs all the way to her toes . 
 misty was n't a stick , thank the goddess . 
 some human women starved themselves down to skin and bones and thought it looked good . 
 insanity . 
 misty had round br ** sts , arms that were plump from shoulders to elbow then tapered into soft wrists and small hands . 
 strong hands-she worked hard in her store , carrying plants , heavy pots and baskets , armloads of flowers , buckets of water . 
 her legs were sturdy and curved , calves soft and kissable . 
 her face-the one all screwed up with her scowl-was round , her nose in perfect proportion . 
 her eyes were a little too big for a human , but graham did n't mind . 
 they were soft brown and surrounded by thick black lashes . 
 watching misty tongue the ice cream had made every cell of him scream in need . 
 she had a little bit of cream on her lips even now . 
 to hell with it . 
 graham closed the space between them , jerked her against him , and brought his mouth down on hers . 
 misty made a little surprised sound in her throat , and fists contacted his shoulders . 
 graham tightened his grip , pulling her into him , and licked the cream from her lip in one firm stroke . 
 misty stopped fighting . 
 her lips softened , hesitated , then formed to his . 
 fire . 
 her mouth was heat and everything good . 
 graham laced his fingers through her hair , pulling it out of the ponytail she 'd dragged it into . 
 soft goodness flowing over his hand . 
 he sucked her lower lip into his mouth , and misty made another soft noise . 
 no more protests , no more fists . 
 no more talking . 
 misty 's body fitted to his , br ** sts tight against his torso . 
 he moved his hand down her back , callused fingers catching on her cotton tank . 
 the fabric was so thin he could feel the heat of her skin plus the strap of a bra , tight against her back . 
 graham could savor her all day and all night . 
 he licked into her mouth , finding a bite of spice . 
 thirst went away as he drank her . 
 her small hands caressed his shoulders then moved to the back of his neck , above the collar . 
 she liked to hold on to his neck when they kissed for some reason . 
 not that graham minded . 
 she also liked to run her fingers through his short buzz of hair . 
 graham kept on kissing her . 
 misty 's mouth was a joy , her breath warm , her body pliant against his . 
 his c ** k had n't gone down ; in fact , it had grown even more rigid . 
 misty tasted like sunshine , felt like a soft cooling breeze . 
 if it could be just you and me ... we 'd unmake the world . 
 graham made himself ease the kiss to its end . 
 misty gazed up at him , eyes warm , her lips parted . 
 her anger had been erased for now , and what he read in her was desire . 
 moisture lingered behind her lower lip , and graham licked it away . 
 it took all his strength to relax his arms around her , to let go . 
 misty had been on tiptoe , and now she thumped back on her heels . 
 she stared up at him , unblinking , her lips slightly swollen . 
 graham pointed his finger at her face and ended up touching her lightly on the nose . 
 `` you and me , '' he said . 
 `` we 're not done . '' 
 he turned and walked away . 
 killed him to do it , but you did n't say an exit line and then not leave the stage . 
 you did n't even look back to see if she stared after you , longing in her eyes , no matter how much you wanted to . 
 graham would n't go home . 
 after his searing kiss and the parting shot , misty expected him to be long gone when she came back inside the house , but no . 
 he was talking to reid in the living room , his loud , harsh syllables drowning out reid 's quieter ones . 
 xav had cleaned up the broken bowl and given the cubs more ice cream . 
 the two little ones could sure put it away . 
 they 'd discovered that licking the ice cream from the spoon was even more fun than licking it from the bowl . 
 they could lick the spoon all over before they scooped up more . 
 after all , aunt misty had been licking it from the spoon . 
 so it was all right , was n't it ? 
 when they finished , kyle or matt said , `` can we play outside , aunt misty ? 
 we did n't go out before , because you and uncle graham were kissing . '' 
 xav laughed from where he sat at the table , and misty 's face went hot . 
 `` that 's fine , but do n't mess up my plants . 
 they get hurt easily . '' 
 matt and kyle agreed they 'd never do anything like that . 
 they half wrestled each other trying to be first to the door , then they started yanking off their clothes . 
 before they finished stripping down to their skin , they were shifting , fur rippling , tails popping out . 
 two fuzzy cubs barreled out the door they 'd already opened , yipping all the way . 
 `` they do n't have collars , '' misty said out loud . 
 she had n't noticed that before , but when they 'd shucked their t-shirts , she 'd seen that their necks had no slash of black and silver collar to mar them . 
 `` they do n't take collars until they 're older , '' graham said , coming into the kitchen . '' 
 'cause they 're damn painful . 
 even humans could n't bring themselves to be that cruel . '' 
 misty let out a breath . 
 `` all humans are not that bad , graham . '' 
 he gave her that look that said he 'd lived a hundred years in the harsh wilderness , and she did n't know what she was talking about . 
 `` yes , they are , '' he said . 
 `` then why are you still here ? '' 
 another look . 
 `` because a fae is after you , and an ex-cop with bullets is n't going to stop him . '' 
 `` and a shifter is ? '' 
 reid leaned in the doorway . 
 he still had the book , but he held it closed in his hand . 
 `` shifters won the shifter-fae war , '' graham said . 
 `` remember ? 
 we kicked your asses . 
 you lost all your shifter pets . '' 
 `` that was more than seven hundred years ago , '' reid said mildly . 
 `` i was n't born then . 
 and dokk alfar had nothing to do with shifters . '' 
 `` i know ; i just say it to piss you off . 
 point is , this fae targeted her-and me-and i 'm not going to sit at home waiting for him to come get her . '' 
 why did that make misty feel better ? 
 she should want graham gone . 
 out of here . 
 instead she went to the sink and filled up a glass of water . 
 las vegas tap water tasted terrible , but who cared ? 
 she needed the water , needed the cool wetness inside her parched mouth . 
 `` this book . '' 
 reid held it up . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 misty explained about the flea market . 
 `` i had it valued , but even though it 's a first edition , it 's in too bad a shape to be worth much . 
 i kept it for the interest . '' 
 `` whoever wrote it knows much about the fae . '' 
 he flipped to the title page . 
 a nice frontispiece with an etching of an heirloom rose faced it , the plate guarded by a thin piece of vellum . 
 the title page itself did n't have much information . 
 `` the author did n't put her name on it , '' misty said . 
 `` or his . 
 they did n't always back then . 
 this book has a date but no publisher or author . '' 
 `` maybe a shifter wrote it , '' xav suggested . 
 `` doubt it , '' reid answered . 
 `` the spells in here against fae are subtle but show a good understanding of fae magic . 
 shifters are cruder when dealing with fae . '' 
 `` he means we just rip their heads off and spill out their insides . '' 
 graham strode to the back door and yanked it open . 
 `` kyle ! 
 get out of that damned tree ! 
 you 're not a cat . '' 
 kyle stopped squirming in the branches of the fruitless mulberry that overhung misty 's yard from her neighbor 's , and dropped to the ground . 
 he yipped once when he landed , then he trotted off , none the worse for wear . 
 misty tried to memorize what he looked like , so she could try to tell them apart , but once he joined matt , she gave up . 
 the two , as wolves , were identical . 
 `` are you babysitting them ? '' 
 misty asked when graham came back inside . 
 `` their foster mother dumped them on my doorstep , '' graham said . 
 `` i was on my way to hand them to nell and her bears when the dream hit . '' 
 he regarded reid speculatively . 
 `` you and peigi have a bunch of foster cubs at your house . 
 kyle and matt like them . '' 
 `` no , '' reid said quickly . 
 for the first time since misty had met him , reid looked less like a mysterious being and more like an ordinary human . 
 a worried human . 
 `` peigi 's got too much to deal with-the cubs , the other shifter women from mexico ... you were n't here when we rescued them . 
 they went through hell , and peigi as their alpha feels the worst of it . 
 leave her alone . '' 
 graham scowled at him a moment longer before he relaxed into a grin . 
 `` why do n't you just make the mate-claim on peigi and get it over with ? '' 
 reid looked embarrassed . 
 `` dokk alfar do n't do mate-claims . '' 
 `` you 'd better start . 
 shifters need females , and she 's fair game . 
 even my wolves are eyeing her . 
 they 're going to start to challenge for her , and they wo n't care if you 're dokk alfar or tree bark . 
 they 'll use the challenge as an excuse to kill a fae , and wo n't care you 're one of the good ones . '' 
 `` i 'll keep it in mind , '' reid said , recovering his calm . 
 graham did n't seem to frighten reid , and neither did other shifters , misty had noticed . 
 most humans , even xavier sometimes , could grow nervous around shifters , but never reid . 
 `` so we wait until moonlight ? '' 
 xav broke in . 
 misty shrugged . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 `` i guess we do . '' 
 graham moved back to the door , opening it again to watch the cubs . 
 he was n't about to leave , she saw . 
 misty would have to sit here with him for the next few hours , her nerves making her crazy , the sensation of his hard kiss lingering on her mouth . 
 `` got any beer ? '' 
 graham asked over his shoulder . 
 `` i told my guys to bring some , '' xav said . 
 `` and we 'll get pizza . '' 
 at the word pizza , high-pitched yips sounded in the backyard . 
 one cub popped up from the riverbed , an eager look on his face . 
 there was no sign of the other cub . 
 `` matt ! '' 
 graham shouted . 
 `` get out of there . '' 
 the second wolf scrambled out from under the bridge . 
 he gave graham and misty an innocent look , or as innocent as he could with a clump of angelita daisies drooping from his mouth , their yellow heads bobbing in the sunshine . 
 moonlight . 
 the clear skies of southern nevada ensured plenty of light once the three-quarter moon rose into the black night . 
 the moonlight poured down into misty 's backyard , rendering her colorful flowers pale ghosts of themselves . 
 the neighbor 's tree cast sharp shadows on the patches of grass , and the dry river 's dark rocks took on a dull glow . 
 the cubs , unbelievably , were asleep . 
 they 'd dropped off fearlessly on top of misty 's bed after consuming more than their bodyweight in meat-lovers ' pizza . 
 misty 's aching body begged for rest , but she was afraid to sleep , afraid to dream . 
 what if she found herself facing the hiker again , the wave of ice ? 
 the cubs did n't worry , but then they had n't drunk the fae water . 
 how the cubs had entered the dream , and whether they 'd truly been there , neither she nor graham knew . 
 when the moon had risen high , misty and graham went out to misty 's backyard . 
 graham had told xav and reid not to join them . 
 he did n't know what the spell in the little book would do , if anything , and he did n't want it messed up by unspelled humans or a fae-especially not a fae . 
 reid agreed without argument . 
 xavier did n't like it , but he stayed inside , saying he 'd keep an eye on the cubs . 
 xav 's men had not only brought the pizza , but water-glorious water . 
 a case of it , which misty had drunk almost half of . 
 graham had drunk nothing . 
 she knew he was feeling the thirst , because he kept wetting his mouth , or swallowing and turning away as misty had guzzled water . 
 why he would n't drink , she had no idea , and he would n't tell her . 
 graham helped her carry the accoutrements for the spell outside . 
 misty had harvested petals from two of the roses she 'd brought home from her shop , washing them thoroughly and rolling them dry in a towel . 
 `` you eat flowers ? '' 
 graham asked when she told him imbibing the petals would be safe . 
 `` humans are weird . '' 
 `` lots of flowers are edible , '' misty had answered . 
 `` cake bakers paint them with sugar water and use them for edible decoration . 
 roses , pansies , carnations , squash blossoms . 
 i went to a restaurant where they made sweet corn tamales in squash blossoms . 
 they were awesome . 
 you have to be careful to choose the right kind of flowers , though . 
 oleanders , for instance will kill you quickly . '' 
 she waved her hand at the thick , dark green bushes along her fence . 
 misty set everything up at a table on the other side of her yard , which was reached by the little bridge . 
 she spread out a white cloth , scattered the cut rose petals on it , inhaling their fragrance , and consulted the book . 
 gather petals of red roses , washed three times . 
 check . 
 chopped with a fine-bladed knife . 
 check . 
 immerse in alcohol ... that had been an interesting problem . 
 misty and her friends drank mostly wine and beer , saving hard liquor for martinis on evenings out . 
 misty was n't sure she wanted to gulp down rose petals in beer , or even in the nice white wine a friend had brought her last time she 'd come over . 
 then misty had found a bottle in the back of her liquor cabinet . 
 she had n't noticed it in a while and had n't drunk any for a long time . 
 but it might work . 
 now she put the chopped rose petals into two shot glasses , one in front of her and one in front of graham . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he asked as misty poured out the liquid . 
 graham only drank beer too . 
 `` the good stuff . '' 
 misty sat down across from him , lifted her shot glass and waited for him to lift his . 
 `` tequila . '' 
 chapter nine graham shrugged , raised his glass , and clinked it against misty 's . 
 `` down the hatch . '' 
 `` cheers , '' misty said . 
 they lifted their glasses at the same time and drank in one shot . 
 the tequila burned misty 's mouth like liquid fire . 
 the rose petals felt strange against her tongue , but she made herself not spit them out . 
 some stuck to the bottom of the glass , but that was all right , the spell said . 
 they would bury the spent ones . 
 misty swallowed , and the liquor shot down her gullet in a stream of flame . 
 she coughed . 
 drink four quantities . 
 misty coughed again . 
 one rose petal got caught on her tongue , and she fished it out and dropped it to the table . 
 graham wiped his mouth , shaking his head . 
 `` what is this-lighter fluid ? 
 humans actually drink this stuff ? '' 
 `` all the time . 
 have n't you ever had a margarita ? '' 
 graham made a face . 
 `` you mean that frothy shit in fancy glasses ? 
 i do n't drink stuff with slices of fruit stuck in it . 
 drinks should be in a bottle . '' 
 `` you have no soul , graham . '' 
 `` all shifters have souls . '' 
 graham spoke without humor . 
 `` can you imagine me with my wolves ? 
 hey , thanks for helping me fend off those hunters . 
 how about we kick back , watch the game , and i 'll make some margaritas ? 
 or mimosas . 
 or wine coolers . 
 girly drinks . 
 they 'd tear me apart and pick a new pack leader real quick . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 you 're rugged . '' 
 misty sprinkled more rose petals into the glasses and added another shot of tequila to each . 
 `` four times , the book says . '' 
 graham studied the rose petals floating in the liquid . 
 `` i do n't feel any different . '' 
 `` maybe we have to drink it all first . '' 
 misty lifted her glass , and again they clinked them . 
 graham 's scarred fingers touched hers . 
 the second swallow was even more fiery than the first . 
 misty shuddered as it went down , her body feeling the heat . 
 `` lemon drop , '' graham said . 
 `` another girly drink . '' 
 `` this is straight tequila , '' misty said , licking her tingling lips . 
 `` it 's plenty manly . '' 
 `` bellini , '' graham went on as misty doled out more petals and more alcohol . 
 `` i do n't even know what the hell that is . '' 
 `` like a mimosa . 
 champagne , but with other fruit instead of orange juice-peaches or berries , say . '' 
 `` great . 
 you ever seen me put berries in my beer ? '' 
 `` beer can be fruity . '' 
 misty raised the third glass . 
 `` like hefeweizen . 
 bars serve it with lemon wedges . 
 or orange . '' 
 `` i know . 
 ruins the head . 
 it 's beer . 
 a hundred years ago , no one put fruit in it . 
 we just drank it . 
 by the barrel . '' 
 `` you should n't tell me how old you are , '' misty said , giving him a little smile . 
 `` chin-chin . '' 
 another clink , another shot dumped into her mouth . 
 this time , misty 's entire tongue went numb . 
 but the thirst was still there . 
 the dehydrating alcohol was only making it worse . 
 `` let 's hurry and do the last one . '' 
 misty 's hand fumbled as she poured the last shot . 
 she was almost out of rose petals . 
 `` you are so beautiful . '' 
 misty jumped , tequila sloshing from her glass . 
 graham was staring at her , moonlight on the thick glass in his hand throwing spangles over his face . 
 his eyes were pale gray , wolflike . 
 `` what ? '' 
 misty stammered . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 misty thought of the searing kiss they 'd shared this afternoon , under the equally searing sun . 
 how he 'd touched the tip of her nose and said , you and me . 
 we 're not done . 
 the gruff note in his voice tonight was the same . 
 graham was n't comfortable with the words , but he 'd said them anyway . 
 `` cheers , '' misty said softly . 
 she clinked her glass against his . 
 graham reached over and brushed his fingers along her hand before he turned his glass and poured the shot down his throat . 
 misty swallowed , wincing at the fire in her throat . 
 her mouth burned , and her tongue felt thick . 
 good thing the spell book said only four shots . 
 misty would be flat on her back if it had said five or six . 
 `` i still do n't feel any different , '' misty said . 
 `` except a little drunk . '' 
 graham thumped his shot glass to the table and slammed his hand down next to it as he swallowed . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` maybe it really is n't a spell , '' misty said . 
 `` maybe whoever wrote the book is laughing at us . '' 
 `` we 're not done yet . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 bury the rose petals in the earth , turn thrice , and open to the cleansing rays of the moon , the mother goddess . 
 misty stood up , and clutched the edge of the table . 
 `` you 're going to have to help me dig . '' 
 graham was less shaky than misty , but he definitely swayed a little as he got to his feet . 
 shifters could handle alcohol a lot better than humans , he 'd told her . 
 their metabolism burned it off quickly , same way they burned food . 
 but they could still get drunk and have hangovers-it just took more doing . 
 misty and graham went together to the corner of the yard , where the ground was soft under the rosebushes . 
 the jutting branches of the neighbor 's tree plus the wall of misty 's garage shielded that part of the garden from the house , and the glow from her lit back windows was muted here . 
 misty crouched down under the rosebushes . 
 in spring and fall , these plants were a glory of red , yellow , pink , orange , and white . 
 in august , it was still too hot for blooms , but even now , buds were showing in the shadiest spots . 
 misty awkwardly poked at the dirt with her trowel . 
 graham closed his big hand over hers , shoving the trowel in and turning over the earth . 
 the strength of him came through her hand and sent heat to her heart . 
 she scraped the last of the rose petals from the shot glasses and dumped them in the hole , adding the petals she 'd cut but had n't used . 
 graham 's hand still on hers , they filled in the hole and smoothed the dirt over it . 
 graham released the trowel and stood up . 
 he reached down and pulled misty to her feet , remaining close to her in the shadows . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` we turn around . 
 three times . 
 like this . '' 
 misty stepped out into the moonlight . 
 she opened her arms , lifting her face to the moon , the mother goddess , and turned in place once . 
 graham watched her , then he spread his arms and did the next circle with her . 
 misty thought graham might complain he looked stupid rotating in misty 's yard , but then , shifters performed rituals all the time . 
 misty had seen a mating ceremony , which was a little like a human wedding , though much briefer and rowdier . 
 they called it mating under sun and under moon-one ritual performed in daylight , the next under the full moon . 
 after the full-moon ceremony , the shifters were considered officially mated . 
 she had also seen a ceremony to celebrate a cub coming out of transition to full adulthood . 
 sadder , she 'd attended a shifter gathering to recognize the yearly anniversary of a loved one 's passing . 
 graham and misty did another turn together , then misty stopped , and graham did his third one alone . 
 when he finished , they looked at each other . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the book had n't specified whether the moon should be full , waxing , or waning . 
 or whether the roses had to be fresh cut , or other details like that . 
 could be the book was just the ramblings of someone who loved whimsy , and it would n't help at all . 
 graham was watching her , his body quiet in the darkness , moonlight glinting on his collar . 
 he belonged out here in the night , a wolf , a being of the moon . 
 other shifters misty had met could look and act exactly like humans , but graham never quite could , not entirely . 
 graham was always a beast-tall , broad , raw strength in his bare arms . 
 she had the feeling he kept to human shape only for convenience ... his . 
 `` nothing 's happening , '' he said . 
 `` i know , '' misty said glumly . 
 `` maybe we - '' pain choked her words to a halt . 
 she bent in agony as blood surged through her veins as hot as the tequila had been , burning its way to her heart . 
 misty thought she screamed , but only a faint cry escaped her lips . 
 she pressed her hands to the hot core of her chest , struggling to breathe . 
 not a heart attack . 
 she could n't be having a heart attack . 
 could she ? 
 `` call ... '' misty coughed , lungs begging for air . 
 she clawed at her chest , trying to open it , to let the air in . 
 what the hell was happening to her ? 
 she was falling , falling ... but graham had caught her , solid arms around her , cradling her as she went down . 
 he was on his knees with her , gathering her to him . 
 misty felt graham 's heart hammering in his chest . 
 he closed her in his arms , hands on her back . 
 `` stay with me , misty . '' 
 his voice was harsh . 
 `` stay with me , love . 
 do n't ... do n't ... '' misty opened her mouth-and found air rushing back inside her . 
 she gasped out loud as hot desert night air flowed into her lungs , expanding them again . 
 oxygen pounded to her heart , filling her blood , which shot fire around her body again . 
 and then the burning eased , little by little , cooling as did the baking desert under a soft fall of rain . 
 misty drew another breath , this one more natural . 
 she licked her lips , tasting the residue of tequila , feeling moisture linger in the wake of her tongue . 
 moisture . 
 not parched lips and dry mouth . 
 the horrific thirst had vanished . 
 `` i think it worked . '' 
 misty looked at graham in relief . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i think it actually worked . '' 
 graham said nothing . 
 he bathed her in another of his intense stares , then he cupped her face in one hand and kissed her mouth . 
 no slow starts and easing in this time . 
 graham 's hand was hot on her cheek , thumb at the corner of her lips . 
 he took her mouth in hard strokes , and misty clutched graham 's shoulders , his skin hot through his t-shirt . 
 he curved over her , sending her down into the ground . 
 misty 's body came alive . 
 the kiss this afternoon had been burning , but this ... gravel cut into her back until graham thrust his arm behind her , lifting her to him . 
 he moved himself over her , his large body engulfing hers . 
 misty met his kiss with hers , thrusting her tongue inside his mouth , wanting him . 
 she felt the rough of his palm on her shoulder then the skinny strap of her tank top moving downward , and with it the top , baring her to the night . 
 with his other hand , graham unsnapped her bra , pushing it and the tank down to her waist . 
 graham never stopped kissing her . 
 he closed his callused hand over her breast , her nipple tightening to meet his palm . 
 heat streaked from the cup of his hand to every part of her , settling at the join of her thighs . 
 misty scrabbled at graham 's t-shirt , wanting to touch him too . 
 his skin was roasting , which worried her , but the worry was dim , buried behind the rush and roar of the kiss . 
 she worked his shirt upward , finding the smoothness of his back , the curve of his spine , the muscle of his shoulders . 
 all the while , she kissed him . 
 she tasted the bite of tequila , the sweetness of the rose petals , felt the burn of the spell beyond the insistence of his lips on hers . 
 graham pulled back abruptly . 
 moonlight outlined the harsh planes of his face and glinted on his collar . 
 his lips were parted , eyes hard . 
 misty lifted to him again , seeking his mouth . 
 graham raised his head away from her , but his hand remained on her breast . 
 his eyes narrowed , silver and gleaming . 
 then he said softly , `` aw , f ** k it . '' 
 graham tugged off his t-shirt in a few quick jerks and flung it away from him , and then pulled misty up to him . 
 his hands were hot on her back , kisses hard . 
 graham took his mouth to her neck . 
 a sharp pain , a love bite , then he licked his way to her shoulder , closing his teeth over the skin . 
 another bite , before he moved down to her breast . 
 part of misty 's brain reminded her xav and reid were in the house and could emerge at any time . 
 the other parts told her to shut up . 
 she needed this . 
 graham drew his teeth together over her firm nipple . 
 misty gave a quiet cry , the not-pain brushing white heat through her . 
 he licked and played for a time , circling her areola with his tongue , nibbling the tip . 
 then he pulled her breast all the way into his mouth and suckled , strokes firm . 
 misty arched to him , a groan escaping her lips . 
 magic and moonlight , and graham . 
 graham traced her navel with his fingertips then popped the button of her shorts . 
 before misty could say a word , graham unzipped the shorts and slid his fingers inside . 
 he found her sweet spot right away . 
 god , did he find it . 
 misty 's hips rose , she seeking the wonderful friction of his hand . 
 she felt his fingers grow moist and slick , evidence of how much she wanted him . 
 graham lifted his head , his lips damp from suckling her breast , his eyes alight . 
 `` you feel good , sweetheart . '' 
 misty tried to respond , but all that came out were incoherent sounds . 
 graham smiled , and slid one strong finger inside her . 
 the stiff invasiveness made her tighten . 
 at the same time , graham brushed his thumb across her opening , drawing more moisture and more heat . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 her whisper came out a croak . 
 `` what does it feel like i 'm doing ? '' 
 graham slid in a second finger . 
 his fingers were large , stretching her . 
 misty drew in a breath , prepared to tell him to stop , but the words did n't come . 
 she did n't want him to stop . 
 for months she 'd craved his touch , and now he was giving it to her . 
 misty wormed her fingers under his waistband , finding his slick , warm hip . 
 graham yanked her hand out again . 
 `` not yet , '' he growled . 
 `` feel me . '' 
 she could n't not feel him . 
 graham slid a third finger into her , and misty groaned . 
 her legs opened of their own volition , wanting this spreading , his large hand inside her . 
 he was going to think she was no better than a shifter groupie , begging with her body for the touch of a shifter . 
 who cared ? 
 graham kissed her again , his mouth a place of goodness , while his fingers gave her pleasure . 
 her br ** sts were bare , pressing against his torso , and misty pulled him closer . 
 when he eased off kissing her , she reached up and caught the skin of his neck in her teeth , leaving her own love bite . 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 graham 's smile flashed , his eyes wicked . 
 he moved his fingers in and out , easy with how wet she was . 
 doing with his fingers what he 'd never done with his cock . 
 misty clung to him while she rose against him , wanting to drag him inside her . 
 his hands awakened the desires she 'd constantly pushed aside , telling herself she was happy with only his company and his kisses . 
 what a lie . 
 her desire built and built until it broke . 
 as with the icy wave in her dream , misty 's climax rose over her and swept her away on a black tide . 
 she heard her own voice ringing until graham silenced her with his mouth . 
 she suckled his tongue , needing him inside her , squeezing his fingers that thrust into her . 
 graham kissed her while she rode out the wave , then he increased the speed of his thrusts , sending her up into climax again . 
 three times he took her there , and three times he held her while she went wild around him . 
 in the end , misty had no idea where she was or when , and she did n't care . 
 she only needed graham , and he was in her arms . 
 she hung on to him until the spinning stopped , then she fell back to earth , his large body coming down on hers . 
 he did n't crush her , he only covered her with his warm length , shielding her against the night . 
 graham stroked misty 's hair , lips touching her face , the line of her hair , her lips . 
 incredible gentleness from this rough-edged man . 
 for a long time they lay together , stretched out on the ground , absorbing the warmth of the darkness . 
 graham said nothing , only nuzzled her cheek and lightly kissed her . 
 he 'd given misty all the pleasure , demanding nothing in return . 
 as moonlight brushed his skin as he kissed her , an idea that had been tapping before graham had driven her thoughts away started knocking for attention again . 
 misty looked into graham 's face . 
 `` the spell cured me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not thirsty anymore . 
 but it did n't work on you , did it ? '' 
 graham regarded her another moment , his gray eyes steady . 
 `` no , '' he said , voice quiet . 
 `` it did n't . '' 
 chapter ten no , graham was n't cured . 
 and that was going to be a problem . 
 he staved off the thought by brushing his lips against misty 's , but for the first time in his life , he faced the question-what do i do ? 
 graham always knew what to do . 
 if he did n't , he made something up . 
 yelling at one of his shifters or knocking them across the room usually helped . 
 but this time , brute force and bullying was n't going to work . 
 thirst pounded through him . 
 kissing misty calmed it , but as soon as he released her , his mouth grew parched again . 
 he needed to drink . 
 graham also knew , though he was n't sure how he knew , that his gunshot wound was only temporarily healed . 
 fae magic had closed it up , but graham would bet that , if the fae chose , he could rip it open again . 
 shifter metabolism being what it was , graham would still heal from the shot eventually , but he 'd have to go through the agony of its infliction all over again . 
 and maybe the fae would keep reopening the wound , just to punish graham . 
 misty , though , was free . 
 somehow the stupid little spell with the roses and tequila had burned the fae water out of her . 
 possibly the tequila alone had done it ; humans were weak when it came to alcohol . 
 maybe that was the same reason it had n't worked on him-shifters had a high tolerance even for the strongest liquor . 
 `` graham ? '' 
 misty touched his face . 
 he loved this-misty in his arms , a moment of peace . 
 graham had left his mark on her . 
 the dark love bites on her neck and br ** sts stood out in the moonlight . 
 his mark , his brand . 
 he closed his fingers around her wrist and held on . 
 `` you ca n't tell anyone it did n't work . 
 swear to me . '' 
 misty blinked in concern . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 graham did n't answer for a moment . 
 he kissed her again , savoring her taste . 
 he thought about moving his fingers back between her legs , where it was hot , sweet , slick . 
 he could bring her to climax one more time , forget about spells and fae . 
 only misty was important . 
 `` graham ? '' 
 misty 's voice was soft , but insistent . 
 `` we 'll need help to figure this out . '' 
 `` no , '' graham said , his voice harsh , though he softened his hold on her wrist . 
 `` if my shifters think i 'm fae-touched , they 'll fall apart , and take me with them . '' 
 they needed him , and that was n't just arrogance . 
 most of graham 's shifters had n't adjusted to living in the city yet , with shifters they did n't know . 
 most had n't adjusted to living in a shiftertown , period , even after twenty years . 
 they 'd have all gone feral , or died , or curled into little balls of whimpering fur if graham had n't done some of the shit he 'd done . 
 `` if they know i 'm under a fae 's power , they could turn on me , take me out-kill me-and maybe dougal too . 
 i know that 's not allowed , but my shifters are pretty wild and do n't care . 
 so , they ca n't know . 
 no one can . '' 
 misty gave him the startled look she always got whenever he told her how violent shifters were . 
 why did humans think shifters had been tamed ? 
 making them wear the shock collars was like putting a tiny bandage on a gaping wound . 
 `` there must be someone you can talk to , '' misty said . 
 she caressed his face , as though she found something she liked in the scarred , harsh mess of it . 
 `` reid , maybe ? '' 
 `` i said , i need to think about it . '' 
 graham gentled his impatient answer by kissing the inside of her wrist . 
 `` this is the kind of problem a shifter takes to his leader . 
 except i am the leader . '' 
 `` eric , then , '' misty said . 
 sweet lady ; she was so naive . 
 `` he 's your partner . '' 
 graham snorted a laugh . 
 `` right . 
 do n't think so . '' 
 eric had wanted graham under his thumb since graham 's shifters had been forced to move into eric 's shiftertown . 
 misty did n't look convinced . 
 graham kissed her again , letting the kiss turn lingering . 
 he loved that the terrible thirst slaked a bit when his mouth was on hers . 
 he wanted to stay kissing her forever , the fragrance of the flowers she loved wrapping around them . 
 misty 's scent was even better than the flowers ' , her soft body under his worth every second of his agony . 
 graham had to fix this , and fast . 
 and then figure out what the hell to do about his growing mating frenzy for misty . 
 he 'd not be able to stave it off for long , and if the frenzy consumed him , it would be as dangerous to her as any fae spell . 
 graham stayed the night at misty 's , which entailed more pizza . 
 the cubs ate most of it . 
 reid departed before the pizza arrived , borrowing the book from misty , intrigued by it , he said . 
 graham knew reid 's real reason to leave was his ache to get back home to the bear shifter , peigi . 
 it had been more than a year since peigi had been rescued from an insane , feral shifter in mexico who 'd kept her and other women in a basement , more than six months since reid had moved in with her . 
 and still she and reid were n't officially a couple , for some reason . 
 graham stayed with misty not only to protect her but also because it was clear xavier was n't about to leave . 
 xav might claim he was just doing his job , and had three other dx security men stationed outside the house , but xav was inside , with misty . 
 in spite of her apparent recovery , misty was still reluctant to go to bed , afraid to dream , but graham eventually talked her into it . 
 misty needed her rest-she 'd had a hell of a time . 
 the cubs , as wolves , dashed into her room ahead of her , leapt up on her bed , and curled up on the foot of it . 
 misty let them , kissed graham good night , and shut the door on him . 
 good thing . 
 if graham went in there , he 'd want to hole up with her and never come out . 
 and then everything in the outside world would go to hell . 
 thinking of misty 's scent , her warmth around his fingers , the taste of her when he 'd touched his fingers to his lips , made him not care about the rest of the world . 
 let it go . 
 mating frenzy was more important , right ? 
 he made himself turn away and leave her alone . 
 graham did n't blame misty for fearing to dream . 
 still under the spell , he did n't want to sleep either . 
 he talked to xav . 
 he walked around the house on the outside , sticking to shadows . 
 he checked the backyard ; he checked on misty and the cubs . 
 matt and kyle were curled up on her feet , fast asleep , and misty was breathing evenly , her face relaxed in slumber . 
 watching misty lying there made graham want to go curl himself up around her , but again , he closed the door and let her rest . 
 graham watched misty 's tv , running through the three hundred or so channels he did n't get in shiftertown . 
 he looked through misty 's dvd collection and her downloads after that . 
 as he already knew , misty liked chick flicks , each of which featured a pretty heroine who blundered into embarrassing situations , had wacky best friends or zany coworkers , and fell in love first with the wrong guy-the bad boy who broke her heart-and then the right one , the nice guy who 'd been there all the time . 
 graham had argued with misty that females in real life would n't settle for the beta and would keep trying for the alpha , but misty had rolled her eyes and told him he did n't understand romance . 
 well no , he did n't . 
 not the kind of romance in those movies , anyway . 
 but what the hell . 
 graham decided to give one a try , desperate to stay awake . 
 it was his downfall . 
 on the heroine 's third fumbled conversation with the geeky-looking nice guy-who did n't deserve to end up with her-graham fell asleep . 
 he woke in the cave with the spring and the fountain . 
 `` shit . '' 
 graham scrambled to his feet . 
 his side throbbed , and he looked down to see blood soaking through his t-shirt . 
 `` you 'll die of that . '' 
 the fae did n't enter with a bang ; he was just there , when he had n't been a second before . 
 he gestured to graham 's wound . 
 `` you should tend it . '' 
 he had the look of all fae-tall , pointy eared , white haired . 
 he was dressed in silver chain mail , with a sword at his side , as though ready to run off and do battle with something . 
 over the mail he wore a shimmering silver cloak draped across his shoulders . 
 graham deliberately did not press his hand to his wound , as much as he wanted to . 
 `` you know why the shifters rebelled from the fae ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` your crappy fashion sense . 
 you 've been wearing the same clothes for a thousand years . '' 
 `` time moves differently in faerie . '' 
 `` good for faerie . 
 who the hell are you , and why are you stalking me ? '' 
 `` you may call me oison . '' 
 not his real name , graham knew . 
 fae had a thing about true names . 
 `` i do n't care about calling you anything , '' graham said . 
 `` get the hell out of my dreams . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' oison said . 
 `` you have been chosen . '' 
 chosen . 
 fae loved to say crap like that . 
 anything dramatic . 
 `` so , un-choose me before i kick your sorry ass . '' 
 `` i can not do that . '' 
 graham started toward him . 
 oison watched him come , unworried . 
 stupid-ass fae bastards . 
 this oison had hurt misty , had tried to enslave her , and for that , he 'd die . 
 the cave 's floor was slick like glass-no , it was polished obsidian . 
 graham slipped , the gunshot wound hurting him , but he refused to fall . 
 the fountain burbled incessantly . 
 fat vines snaked up the walls and across the floor , turning the rock cave into a jungle of flowers . 
 the scent was thick . 
 graham thought of misty 's small garden where the much sparser growth had smelled clean and sweet . 
 graham reached oison . 
 the fae was tall , like reid , with the same eyes that tried to bore into graham 's skull . 
 but reid had proved to be smart , reasonable , and helpful , despite his fae-ness , and he had a true fondness for peigi and the cubs he 'd helped rescue . 
 somewhere inside reid was a heart , and feelings . 
 this fae had used misty to lure graham to the desert , then tricked misty into feeding graham spelled water . 
 oison had caused misty to be hurt , terrorized , and trapped . 
 therefore , he had to die . 
 graham roared , shifting as he attacked . 
 who cared if it hurt like hell when his clothes fell from his bloody side ? 
 this was a dream . 
 graham loved the look on the fae 's face as two hundred and some pounds of snarling wolf landed on him . 
 eat this , shithead . 
 oison went down , scrabbling to draw his sword as he fell , but graham ripped into him with teeth and claws . 
 he met the metal of the mail , but it peeled back like tinfoil , and graham tasted blood . 
 oison struggled , the sword falling to the obsidian floor with a clank . 
 graham opened his mouth wide , clamped his teeth around the fae 's throat , and ripped . 
 the fae screamed , then the scream died to a gurgle in an eruption of gore . 
 graham tasted lifeblood pouring into his mouth . 
 he snarled his victory , raking open oison 's skin to find bones . 
 oison 's coal black eyes fixed , then filmed over . 
 graham scrambled off him . 
 he sat back on his haunches , lifted his bloody muzzle , and howled . 
 he 'd defeated his enemy . 
 he 'd saved himself and misty from the fae 's clutches and the damned water spell . 
 sudden pain cut off graham 's breath . 
 the echo of his wolf 's howl bounced from the cave 's high ceiling and evaporated . 
 graham 's collar had come alive . 
 dormant while graham had attacked the fae , the collar was now a hot band of metal , shocks arcing around it and straight into graham 's body . 
 he howled again , this time in pure agony . 
 his body shifted of its own accord from wolf to his in-between beast , his strongest form . 
 the collar 's shocks increased , blasting him with hot pain . 
 graham clawed at the collar , desperately trying to make it stop . 
 he saw movement out of the corner of his eye . 
 through his blurring vision , he saw the fae , bloody and torn up , rise and draw his sword . 
 fae swords were works of art . 
 they were fashioned of bronze or silver-iron and steel were poison to the fae . 
 this one looked silver . 
 as well , fae swords were almost always full of spells . 
 the swords of the guardians had been made by a shifter centuries ago , but woven with spells from that shifter 's fae mate . 
 oison held his sword battle-ready as he made his way to where graham fought his collar . 
 graham reached his huge , clawed hands for oison , ready to kill again-as many times as it took to put the ass ** le down . 
 oison swung his sword , stopping when the tip contacted the collar . 
 graham 's agony increased . 
 the fae held the sword against the collar , spells on the blade feeding into the collar and then into graham . 
 graham was being baked alive . 
 he roared , hands going for the fae 's throat , which still ran with blood . 
 oison shouted at him in a fae language , but graham somehow understood it . 
 monster , created of filth . 
 i hold you . 
 by sword and by collar , you are mine . 
 you will give them to me , the battle beasts , and fae again will walk the earth . 
 graham tried to jerk away from the sword but oison was merciless . 
 graham saw runes shimmer across the sword 's blade , heard whispering : weakened , enslaved , obedient . 
 `` that 's what the collars are , '' oison said , his voice clear , no matter that his throat was a bloody mess . 
 `` chains that will bring you back to us . 
 you have enslaved yourselves . '' 
 graham used all his will to wrench himself sideways , finally breaking the contact with the sword . 
 he fell down , down , and the flowering vines reached up to pull him to the slick floor . 
 he heard himself shout , fuck you ! 
 then something started hammering on his chest , dozens of blows , full force . 
 graham dragged in a breath to fight this new threat ... and found himself lying flat on his back on misty 's couch , the same stupid movie on her tv . 
 two little wolves were standing heavily on his chest , beating on him with their oversized paws . 
 misty emerged in the morning to find graham at her kitchen table , red-eyed and irritable , his hands wrapped around a mug of coffee . 
 kyle and matt , in their human form and dressed , their faces already dirty , bounced in chairs opposite him . 
 xavier stood at the stove , a towel over his shoulder , black t-shirt hugging his torso , as he cooked something that smelled wonderful . 
 misty poured herself coffee . 
 she enjoyed leaning back against the counter and taking a leisurely sip , happy to no longer crave liquid by the gallon . 
 graham , on the other hand , was still under the spell . 
 he lifted his coffee and took a sip , but his hands shook . 
 he pulled the cup from his mouth after one taste , as though stopping himself from pouring the burning brew down his throat . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 misty asked him . 
 `` do i look all right ? '' 
 his voice was harsher than usual . 
 his eyes were bloodshot , lips dry . 
 this was graham with a hangover , under a thirst spell , and by the looks of it , little sleep . 
 `` no , you look like crap , '' misty said . 
 `` you need to drink something . '' 
 graham growled . 
 `` i need to go back to shiftertown . 
 only reason i 'm still here is to feed kyle and matt . 
 and to make sure you 're all right for the day . '' 
 `` xav 's making us chili killies , '' one of the twins proclaimed . 
 `` chilaquiles , '' xav said good-naturedly from the stove . 
 `` mama 's specialty . 
 you 'll love this , misty . '' 
 misty 's stomach growled . 
 after the tequila shots , she should be as dry-voiced and red-eyed as graham , but she felt pretty good . 
 she 'd had a dreamless sleep , waking when the sun rose to find the two wolves curled up on the bed next to her . 
 they 'd leapt out as soon as she 'd opened the door , and she 'd hurried through her shower and dressed , concerned about graham . 
 xav brought two plates filled with eggs , fried tortillas , cheese , and tomatillo salsa to the table and put them in front of the cubs . 
 he 'd already laid out forks , and fortunately , the cubs decided to try to use them . 
 graham had pushed aside his place setting , his elbows where his fork and knife would be . 
 the flame tattoos climbed up his arms-red , orange , yellow , outlined in black . 
 `` you need to eat something , '' misty said to him . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 i need to go back to shiftertown . '' 
 kyle and matt did n't have to be told to hurry . 
 they were already halfway through their meal . 
 all the pizza last night obviously had n't filled them . 
 `` well , eat something at home then , '' misty said . 
 `` and drink . '' 
 just because graham could n't control the thirst did n't mean he did n't need water . 
 `` will you let me worry about that ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` you stay home . 
 there 's a crazy fae running loose , and he might get pissed off because you broke his spell . 
 i 'm sending over reinforcements . '' 
 `` i ca n't stay home , '' misty said , watching kyle and matt shovel in the rest of the eggs and tortilla chips . 
 `` i have to talk to my insurance agent , make sure they receive the police report , call people about getting my store repaired , postpone incoming deliveries , and apologize to all my customers for having to cancel their orders . 
 i 'll be busy . '' 
 `` then you wait for my reinforcements . '' 
 graham shoved aside the coffee and thrust himself to his feet . 
 `` come on , you two . '' 
 matt and kyle abandoned their places and licked-clean plates to barrel toward misty . 
 `` good-bye , aunt misty ! '' 
 the two little boys hugged her legs , two eager faces turned up to her . 
 misty leaned down and hugged them back , kissing their foreheads . 
 they gave her sticky kisses in return then broke away from her . 
 `` bye , xav ! '' 
 another enthusiastic leg hug , and then they were out the door , heading for the small truck graham had driven over . 
 misty 's broken front door had been temporarily repaired with a piece of board nailed over the torn part , plus it was guarded by another muscled man in a black t-shirt and black camouflage pants . 
 `` graham , '' misty called as graham strode out the door without another word . 
 she caught up to him in the driveway , as the cubs climbed enthusiastically into the pickup . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 graham swung to her . 
 she expected him to give her hell again about wanting to talk , but he said nothing , only waited . 
 today he looked less human than ever-a wild animal posing as a human being . 
 his light gray eyes were hard with anger and pain , his short hair mussed , and the scars on his tanned face and arms were stark white . 
 he was battling thirst and need for sleep , and losing . 
 `` you should stay here , '' misty said . 
 `` you need to rest . 
 maybe reid can find another way to break the spell ... '' graham 's words cut over hers . 
 `` no . 
 until this is over , i 'm staying far away from you . 
 stick with xav and the shifters i send over , but keep away from me . '' 
 misty took a step forward . 
 her body hummed from his pleasuring of her last night , from the way he 'd held her when they 'd finished , her half-naked body folded into his . 
 graham had n't forgotten that , his look told her , and he was n't angry at her . 
 he was scared . 
 `` graham ... '' graham raised his hands . 
 `` stay . 
 away . '' 
 he moved his hands as though physically shoving her back , and then he turned around , got into the truck , and slammed its door . 
 without looking at her , graham started up the truck , backed out of her driveway , and roared off . 
 the cubs waved out the window , then the truck turned a corner and was gone , leaving misty alone with the warming morning and the stench of exhaust . 
 `` warden , '' graham said , walking into the shiftertown leader 's house . 
 `` we need to talk about the collars . '' 
 graham had n't been invited in , and eric 's sister and his son , jace , were in front of him before the screen door slammed , the soft snarls in their throats threatening mayhem . 
 `` good going , mcneil , '' eric said from where he lounged on the couch . 
 he was in t-shirt and jeans , his bare feet propped on the coffee table . 
 `` why do n't you charge into an alpha 's territory and start giving him commands ? 
 that 's the way to get your balls torn off . '' 
 graham watched cassidy and jace , who continued to block his way , their eyes , so like eric 's , fixed on him with near-feral anger . 
 diego had come out of the kitchen , and now he paused in its doorway , also watching graham . 
 he was probably armed , like his brother , and diego had less of a sense of humor than xav . 
 `` we do n't have time for this shit , '' graham said . 
 `` we need to get the collars off the shifters . 
 all shifters . 
 right now . '' 
 eric finally looked startled , though the only sign he made was his feline eyes widening a little . 
 `` and you know why we ca n't rush . '' 
 `` things have changed . 
 collars need to come off . 
 now . '' 
 `` he 's not wrong , '' stuart reid said from the other side of the screen door . 
 unlike graham , he was savvy enough to wait outside until the alpha shifter invited him in . 
 `` or things are going to get bad for all shifters , everywhere . '' 
 chapter eleven did warden leap up , grab his son-who 'd just spent a painful time learning about how collars came off-and start running around shiftertown doing it ? 
 no , he sat there contemplating graham with his jade-colored eyes , and clasped his hands behind his head . 
 `` you two want to tell me what you 're talking about ? '' 
 eric asked . 
 `` you want to call off your posse ? '' 
 graham growled , baring his wolf 's teeth at jace and cassidy . 
 `` if i wanted you dead , i 'd have attacked you and not let them stop me . 
 where 's your mate ? '' 
 he added , realizing he neither saw nor scented iona . 
 `` busy . '' 
 meaning eric was n't about to tell graham . 
 `` reid , get in here and close the door . 
 it 's hot . '' 
 reid obeyed . 
 showed how seriously he took this , because reid usually gave shifters who told him what to do a f ** k-off glare . 
 now reid only walked inside and shut the solid door , closing out the morning heat . 
 `` all right , you have my attention , '' eric said . 
 `` talk . '' 
 graham drew a breath . 
 the last person he wanted to tell he was weakened was warden , but the risk went beyond him now . 
 being alpha , and leader , did n't only mean graham could best all other shifters . 
 it meant he took good care of those he bested . 
 `` i think we 're all screwed , '' graham said . 
 `` because of the collars . 
 what i 'm about to say does n't leave this room , all right ? '' 
 he launched into the story of what had happened out in the desert , including him drinking the fae water , the dream he 'd shared with misty , the way they 'd tried to counteract the spell , and his dream alone with oison . 
 he left out the more intimate moments he and misty had shared in her backyard after the spell had left her-some things were none of their frigging business . 
 as he spoke , cassidy moved to diego , who put his arms around her from behind , and jace joined his father on the sofa . 
 no one had changed position all that much , but just enough to show that fighting was no longer imminent . 
 `` oison , '' eric repeated when graham had finished . 
 `` know anything about him , reid ? '' 
 `` never heard of him , '' reid said . 
 `` but faerie 's a big place . '' 
 `` if you 've never heard of him , how do you know i 'm right about him and the sword ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 reid had never hurried to agree with graham before . 
 `` because of misty 's book , '' reid said . 
 `` it contains many anti-fae spells . 
 from what i gleaned from the notes and subtext , the fae might once before have tried to use devices to bring the shifters back into their power , i 'd say about a hundred years ago . 
 except , the last time , they did n't have the technology available to them that humans have now . '' 
 only reid could use words like gleaned and subtext with a straight face . 
 `` i really want to know about this half fae who designed the collars for us , '' graham said . 
 `` no , what i really want to do is break his face . '' 
 `` he 's dead , '' eric said in a mild voice . 
 `` but his son is still around somewhere . '' 
 `` i say we round him up and talk to him . '' 
 `` i think we agree , '' eric said . 
 he unclasped his hands and rested them on his abdomen . 
 `` write it down . 
 does n't happen often . '' 
 diego spoke up from behind cassidy . 
 `` let me see if i understand this . 
 this fae , in your dream , had a sword that , what , connected to your collar ? '' 
 `` yep , '' graham said . 
 `` like a key and a lock . 
 only the lock hurt like hell . '' 
 `` and from this dream , you 're guessing there are more swords that will affect more collars ? '' 
 diego went on . 
 `` i 'm saying they figured out a way to manipulate the collars , '' graham said impatiently . 
 `` figured it out even before the collars went on us . 
 like electronic dog leashes . 
 and they 've been planning this for the last twenty years . '' 
 `` kind of a long time to wait , '' diego said . 
 `` time moves differently for the fae , '' graham said . 
 `` at least that 's what that ass ** le told me in my dream . 
 and he would n't stay dead , which means he was there and not there at the same time , devious bastard . 
 i bet the pain was there for him , though . 
 not that it makes me feel any better . '' 
 `` we need a leader meeting , '' eric said . 
 graham 's temper , which he 'd barely been holding on to , splintered . 
 `` whoa , what happened to what i 'm about to say does n't leave this room ? 
 i 'm not letting other shiftertown leaders know i 'm spelled . 
 they 'll eat me alive . 
 you know it , so do n't give me that patient look . '' 
 `` if you 'll shut up , '' eric said . 
 `` i 'll tell you i agree with you . 
 again . 
 that 's twice in one morning . 
 amazing . '' 
 `` if there 's a leader meeting , i 'm going to it , '' graham said . 
 `` and you 're going to say exactly what i tell you to say . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' graham cut eric off . 
 `` i 'm going . 
 there , we disagree on that , but suck it up . 
 set up the meeting , tell me when and where . '' 
 before eric could draw breath to speak again , graham turned his back and walked out . 
 his heart was thumping hard , in worry and pain . 
 what oison had done scared him , not only for himself but for shifters like dougal , lindsay , and others-shifters who were n't strong enough to fight the fae . 
 they 'd end up fae slaves in a second , their wills taken away , made to fight fae wars in the realm of faerie , and maybe here too if oison 's cryptic statements were anything to go by . 
 fae had difficulty in the human world because of all the iron and steel . 
 but if they enslaved shifters to fight the humans for them , the violence the humans feared from shifters would come to pass . 
 shifters would n't be able to do anything about it , even if they loathed what the fae made them do . 
 and graham knew plenty of shifters , unfortunately , who would n't hate killing humans , even for the fae . 
 before graham had met misty , he might have been one of those not caring if humans suffered . 
 but graham had met misty , and he 'd kissed her , and he 'd kill every shifter on the planet , and every fae in faerie , before he 'd let any of them touch her . 
 paul met misty at her store later that morning . 
 her brother leaned on a push broom in the main part of the shop and looked dejectedly down at the broken glass and ruined flowers . 
 he dropped the broom when he saw misty and came to her , wrapping his rawboned arms around her in a deep hug . 
 paul had grown up too fast after their parents ' divorce , and had tried to act tough , but underneath , he was still a frightened boy . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , misty . '' 
 misty said nothing , only held him close . 
 after a few minutes , paul raised his head and wiped his eyes . 
 `` i 'll make it up to you . 
 i 'll fix it . 
 i 'll get you money ... '' `` you do n't have to do anything at all , '' misty said quickly . 
 `` not your fault flores is a criminal . 
 do n't even clean up . 
 the insurance adjuster has to look at the damage first . '' 
 `` insurance guy is already here , '' paul said . 
 `` in the back . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that was fast . '' 
 misty had known people with property damage who 'd had to wait weeks , even months , before their claims started to process . 
 she left paul and went into her office to find a man in a white shirt and dark tie , holding a clipboard and making check marks on it left-handed . 
 `` most of the damage is in the front , '' misty said . 
 `` not much back here . '' 
 thank god . 
 her safe and most valuable vases had been in her storage room . 
 flores 's gang had come for paul and revenge , not petty cash . 
 `` i see that . '' 
 the man switched the clipboard to his left hand and stuck out his right . 
 he did it a little awkwardly , as someone who had to practice doing anything with that hand . 
 `` i 'm kevin foster , from your insurance company . '' 
 he released misty , plucked a card from the top of his clipboard , and handed it to her . 
 `` they really busted up the place , did n't they ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 kevin smiled . 
 he had dark hair and blue eyes that crinkled in the corners . 
 `` it 's too bad . 
 this is a nice little place . 
 i hope you can get it up and running again . '' 
 `` that 's the plan . 
 as soon as the claim gets filed . '' 
 `` which , i know , insurance companies can take a long time with . '' 
 another little smile . 
 `` but i 'll do what i can . '' 
 `` can i start cleaning up ? 
 i 'd love to get back to work . '' 
 `` i 'll clear it . 
 repairs have to be made by approved workers , though , keep in mind , or the company might not pay the claim . '' 
 misty strove to remain polite . 
 in the real world , things could move at a snail 's crawl . 
 meanwhile , businesses went under because customers lost faith in them . 
 kevin seemed to understand . 
 `` i 'll do my best . 
 do n't worry . 
 give it a week , tops . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 misty 's skepticism rose . 
 `` i do n't mean to be rude , but ... '' `` but nothing . 
 i 'm a friend of iona warden 's . 
 she was waiting at my office this morning and pretty much would n't let me even grab my first cup of coffee before she made sure i was headed out here . 
 my company does a lot of work with her family . '' 
 ah . 
 iona , mate to eric , ran a construction and contracting company with her mother and sister . 
 humans had been kept in the dark that iona was half shifter so she would n't have to give up her livelihood . 
 shifters were n't allowed to own businesses , or run them , or even hold very high positions in them . 
 such were the unfair laws governing shifters . 
 `` tell her thank you , '' misty said . 
 `` i will . '' 
 kevin gave her another smile . 
 he was cute , really . 
 a normal guy . 
 `` you start your cleanup , '' kevin said . 
 `` i can recommend a service to help you , if you want . '' 
 `` i 'll let you know . 
 thanks for coming . '' 
 kevin gave her a final smile and departed . 
 misty followed him out of the store and watched him get into a conservative four-door car . 
 he started up , backed carefully out of his space , and used his turn signal when he left the parking lot . 
 a guy who played by the rules . 
 paul was sweeping the floor inside the store again , and a few men from dx security were helping scoop up and throw away the glass and petals . 
 when misty tried to help with the manual labor , xavier told her not to-she might cut herself on the shards , he said . 
 they 'd take care of everything . 
 shifters were amazing , misty thought as she went back into her office . 
 they banded together when any of their own were in trouble and worked to solve their problems . 
 cassidy 's mate , diego , had come to graham 's rescue in the desert ; diego had made sure his security company and xav helped and protected misty afterward . 
 iona had driven across town this morning to urge the insurance adjuster to start on misty 's store right away . 
 misty was n't even shifter-she was graham 's girlfriend , and she was n't even sure of that status . 
 but the shifters had sent resources to help her , even when misty knew eric and graham did n't get along much of the time . 
 they pulled together as a community . 
 it warmed her that they considered her part of it . 
 misty spent the rest of the morning canceling orders , e-mailing or calling customers , and apologizing until she was breathless . 
 this was so wrong . 
 flores had broken into her store and wrecked her business , and she had to apologize . 
 by lunch , she needed a break . 
 paul and the security guys had done a great job sweeping everything up and salvaging what they could . 
 the refrigeration room and the watering system still worked , which was a blessing , but she 'd need to replace all the glass doors , her counters , shelving , and the front door and window , which would be expensive , and who knew how much insurance would cover ? 
 depressed , she told xav she was heading a few doors down to get herself an enchilada at the little cafe that served new mexico-style mexican food . 
 paul had already gone down there , xav said and offered to walk with her . 
 xav was another nice guy , misty decided . 
 he wore the same black t-shirt as the rest of the security men , the tight fabric showing off every muscle beneath it . 
 diego and xav had probably decided on the shirts to reassure clients that dx security hired only strong guys . 
 misty focused on the dx men in an effort to not dwell on a shifter who also looked hot in a tight t-shirt . 
 even hotter without it . 
 graham had n't called misty all morning , had n't said a word . 
 stay away , he 'd told her forcefully . 
 misty thought she understood why-now that she 'd broken free of the thirst spell , he did n't want her near him to get caught in danger again . 
 he was hurting , vulnerable , and did n't want to drag her into his problems . 
 well , she 'd dragged him into hers first . 
 they should work on this together . 
 but who was she kidding ? 
 graham had never indicated he wanted anything more from misty than dating , and not even serious dating . 
 even if they figured out a way to get graham free from the fae spell , graham might tell misty he wanted to call it quits . 
 she 'd already laid the groundwork by getting mad at him and asking him not to call her . 
 and look how long that had lasted . 
 graham had come charging to her house only a few hours later . 
 and now he was deciding they should stay apart . 
 he drove her insane , and she was never going to win a control battle with him . 
 she needed to forget about graham , misty decided . 
 there were plenty of other men around-for instance , xav , or kevin the insurance guy . 
 but graham was n't someone she could easily forget , and misty knew it . 
 he lingered , like the taste of the best wine-or something with a little harsher bite , like the tequila last night . 
 you are so beautiful . 
 the words had softened graham 's rough-edged voice . 
 the tequila talking , misty guessed . 
 but the phrase had shot straight to her heart and lodged there . 
 she had no illusions about what she looked like , but graham had been talking about how he saw her . 
 misty would treasure his words for a long time . 
 misty and xav reached the restaurant . 
 it was crowded , this place popular . 
 paul had already snagged a table . 
 misty ordered herself an enchilada with spinach and white cheese topped with green chile sauce , her favorite . 
 paul went for a chimi , and xav had the carnitas , the restaurant 's specialty . 
 halfway through the meal , which misty was too distracted to appreciate , paul excused himself and went into the back . 
 when misty glanced at him in the rear hall of the restaurant , he beckoned to her . 
 he wanted to talk to her alone . 
 paul was n't entirely comfortable in social atmospheres yet , and he often asked misty to step aside with him while he worked out his nerves . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked quietly as she joined him . 
 the restaurant 's crowd was noisy today , xav answering his phone and not watching them , but misty did n't want anyone overhearing . 
 paul was easily embarrassed these days . 
 `` a friend of mine wants to talk to you , '' paul said . 
 `` think we can ditch our bodyguards ? '' 
 misty 's alarm grew again . 
 `` what friend ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , he 's not from one of the prison gangs i had to sell my soul to . '' 
 paul made a face . 
 `` i met him after i got out . 
 he knows my parole officer , actually . 
 probably wants to talk to you about keeping me out of trouble . '' 
 misty let out her breath . 
 `` all right . 
 have him come by the store after lunch , and we can talk in my office . 
 i 'm sure xav will let us have a private conversation . '' 
 `` he 's here now . 
 wants to talk right away . 
 he 's busy . '' 
 `` here ? '' 
 misty scanned the small restaurant . 
 xav glanced their way but looked unworried , still on his phone . 
 `` where ? 
 why does n't he come and have lunch with us ? '' 
 `` he 's in the alley . 
 he only has a few minutes . '' 
 misty stepped in front of paul as he started for the restaurant 's rear door . 
 `` oh , right . 
 because that does n't sound suspicious at all . 
 who is this guy ? 
 if he wants to talk to me so much , he can come to the store . 
 it 's only three doors down . '' 
 paul looked suddenly afraid , which rang even more alarms . 
 `` misty , please . '' 
 `` no , '' misty said firmly . 
 `` i 'm not stupid enough to meet some guy i do n't know in a back alley , even in broad daylight . 
 if he 's legit , he 'll come to my office . '' 
 paul opened his mouth to argue more , but misty broke away from him . 
 `` let 's go finish lunch . 
 we 'll talk about him later . '' 
 to her relief , paul followed her instead of charging out after this person . 
 paul pulled out his phone and was texting , probably canceling the back-alley appointment . 
 xav gave the two of them a sharp look when they returned to the table , but he did n't ask . 
 paul finished his meal without speaking , and misty picked at hers , wishing she could enjoy it . 
 back at the store , paul followed misty into her office . 
 `` he 's legit , misty , '' he said . 
 he looked angry now instead of afraid . 
 `` he 's on his way . '' 
 `` fine , then . '' 
 misty sat at her desk , turned to her computer , and pulled up her never-ending e-mail . 
 paul stepped out and returned in a few minutes with a man who was on the short side , but broad-shouldered and buff , without an ounce of fat on him . 
 in his thirties , misty guessed as she looked up from her terminal . 
 he had very short black hair and tatts that proclaimed he 'd been in prison at least once . 
 `` hi , '' the man said , stopping on the other side of her desk . 
 his voice was gruff , a little bit like graham 's , but he gave her a little smile and sounded apologetic . 
 `` i 'm ben . 
 sorry about that . 
 paul did n't think you 'd want me coming here or even talking to you in the restaurant . 
 i 'm so obviously an ex-con . '' 
 which meant paul was n't supposed to be talking to him . 
 a friend of his parole officer ? 
 really ? 
 `` what can i do for you , ben ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` it 's not what you can do for me . '' 
 ben leaned on his hands on the desk , which made every muscle press against his sun-worn skin . 
 `` it 's what you can do for your boyfriend , graham mcneil . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 misty came alert , not pretending to give ben anything other than her full attention . 
 the man looked fairly harmless-well , as harmless as a tough man with prison tatts could look-but his brown eyes held only friendliness . 
 he certainly was n't a fae , at least , misty did n't think so . 
 did they all look like the hiker ? 
 paul had remained by the door , his back to it . 
 he looked uneasy but not surprised that ben was asking about graham . 
 `` mcneil is in a lot of trouble , '' ben said . 
 `` you know that . 
 he 's dying . 
 and you can save him , if you want to . 
 do you want to save him , misty ? '' 
 chapter twelve the last shifter leader meeting graham had attended had been in dallas , and he 'd had to fly . 
 graham hated flying . 
 an airplane was a machine , and machines could break . 
 vehicles on the ground were dangerous enough , but what if one broke twenty-thousand feet in the air ? 
 humans were crazy . 
 this time , graham would n't have to fly , to his relief . 
 the meeting was in laughlin . 
 good choice , graham thought as he headed out of town with eric-on dougal 's harley because his own still needed repairs . 
 a lot of bikers went to laughlin , a town about an hour or so south of vegas on the nevada-arizona border , the motorcycle riders mixing in with retirees who came for cheap food , cheap rooms , and cheap slots . 
 a score of shifters could blend in with the human bikers easily , and the human government never had to know shifters had gathered there . 
 shifters were n't allowed to cross state lines without special permission , so the fewer humans who knew shifters were traveling today , the better . 
 only shifter leaders and a backup were allowed to attend the meetings . 
 no others . 
 backup tended to be trackers-those who ran errands for or guarded the leader . 
 graham wanted to argue that both he and eric could bring one backup , because they were joint leaders , but no . 
 eric was considered the official shiftertown leader , with graham as his muscle . 
 stupid idea , because if graham decided to , he could take out eric quietly on this road trip and then make a play to rule shiftertown himself . 
 except , graham was n't sure how much he wanted to rule it anymore . 
 cassidy and jace-eric 's second and third in command-would argue , probably with violence . 
 cassidy was a sweet-looking woman but one hell of a fighter . 
 jace had a mate of his own now , and neither were slouches in the fighting area . 
 the rest of eric 's shifters would also instantly rebel against being led by graham if he tried to take over . 
 and graham had dougal and two little cubs to worry about . 
 if he got himself killed trying to take over shiftertown those three would suffer , and so would any other lupines who 'd backed him . 
 responsibility . 
 graham was plagued with it . 
 the fact that eric rode confidently along , letting graham stick close to his back , was meant to show how much eric had grown to trust graham in the last year . 
 eric was n't an idiot-he knew he was safe with graham now , and he was right . 
 the town of laughlin hugged the colorado river , the bridge across it about fifteen feet above the water , in contrast to the giant bridge that crossed many miles north at hoover dam , where the river flowed through a huge gorge . 
 large hotels lined laughlin 's mini strip , with buses disgorging tourists up and down the street . 
 men on harleys shot around the buses with a roar of engines . 
 shifters drifted into the bar at the far end of the main drag gradually , the agreement being that all of them did n't descend on a place at once . 
 the bar 's owner was known to eric , and had agreed to let them meet there , the deal sweetened with a little cash . 
 graham had to concede that eric had better connections on this end of the state than graham could ever cultivate . 
 eric was a slick talker . 
 graham just commanded . 
 by four that afternoon , the room had filled with shifters ; or at least , with as many as could get here on short notice . 
 that was still a lot-shifters even from the other side of the country could move fast if they needed to , including bowman o'donnell , a lupine from north carolina ; aaron mitchell , bear shifter from the canadian rockies ; and eoin lyall , a feline from western montana . 
 most came from shiftertowns located outside cities-as graham 's elko shiftertown had been-easier for them to disappear for a time without humans noticing . 
 the city shifters had a harder task moving around undetected . 
 of course , the smug irishman , liam morrissey , and his terrifying tracker , tiger , had managed to get here from austin . 
 the meeting started by eric standing up and saying , `` graham has something to tell you . '' 
 all eyes moved to graham , and most of the stares were n't friendly . 
 a lot of these shifters were barely on this side of feral , in spite of the collars , in spite of the rigid hierarchy of shifters . 
 eoin lyall , graham knew , had n't agreed to take the collar until his entire clan had been threatened with execution . 
 twenty years later , he was still pissed off about it . 
 graham told his story . 
 he left out the part about drinking fae water and being under the spell , but he saw the shifters fill in those blanks on their own . 
 they were n't fools . 
 they might not guess exactly how graham had come under a fae 's thrall , but they knew the fae would n't have been able to make graham dream about him otherwise . 
 bowman said , `` i agree . 
 we find the fae-get who makes the collars and ask him a few questions . '' 
 `` that supposes we know where he is , '' eric said . 
 liam morrissey cast his blue gaze over graham and rested it on eric . 
 `` we know . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 aaron asked in his bear rumble . 
 `` and how do you ? '' 
 liam shrugged . 
 `` i 've made it my business to keep tabs on him all these years . 
 i 'll send someone to round him up . '' 
 the other shifters muttered or growled . 
 only eoin did n't look surprised . 
 `` you should n't keep information like that to yourself , lad , '' eoin said in his scottish accent . 
 `` but no matter-we 'll not have to waste time on a search . 
 the question is , where are we going to keep him for interrogation once we extract him from wherever the humans have stashed him ? '' 
 graham liked how eoin thought . 
 `` the vegas shiftertown , of course , '' graham said . 
 `` i 'm the one who wants the answers . '' 
 bowman spoke up . 
 `` and have the humans find him ? 
 they keep a close eye on city shiftertowns . 
 and your shifters are n't exactly tame , mcneil . 
 they might rip him apart if they know he 's there . '' 
 `` aw , would n't that be sad ? '' 
 graham shook his head in mock sorrow . 
 `` do n't worry ; i 'll make sure we get some answers first . '' 
 `` no ripping , '' eric said . 
 `` morrissey , you bring him , we 'll question , and then we 'll return him . '' 
 `` and keep him from running back to the humans and telling them all he knows , how ? '' 
 eoin asked . 
 liam gave everyone his self-assured , shithead grin . 
 `` you let me worry about that . '' 
 `` have the tiger talk to him , '' graham said . 
 `` if the collar maker is sane enough to remember his own name after that , he 'll be braver than i thought . '' 
 tiger had n't said a word-backup was n't supposed to talk unless asked a direct question . 
 graham always ignored that rule himself , but tiger obeyed it . 
 graham knew damn well that was because tiger did n't feel like talking , not because he followed any rules but his own . 
 tiger was gigantic , with black and orange hair and yellow eyes . 
 he was n't quite right in the head , having been created in a laboratory instead of being born in the wild . 
 tiger was one of a kind , and growing up in a cage had n't exactly made him sane . 
 most shifters were wary of him , even though liam vouched for him . 
 tiger had calmed a lot , graham had noticed , since taking a mate . 
 the mention of tiger moved attention from graham to tiger , which had been graham 's intent . 
 the other shifters had been studying graham a little too closely . 
 a shifter 's natural instinct when near anything fae-spelled was to kill it . 
 `` it 's settled then , '' eric said . 
 `` morrissey will put his hands on the collar-making fae and bring him out here-subtly . 
 i know a place near las vegas we can keep him . 
 mcneil is right that we need him near us , but bowman 's right that we need it to be far from shifters with a grudge plus prying human eyes . 
 we 'll let you know . '' 
 `` and you need to let us talk to the human woman , '' bowman said . 
 `` her name is misty , right ? '' 
 silence . 
 graham stood up , growling as he went . 
 tiger rose with him , but moved to graham 's shoulder , as though backing him up , not stopping him . 
 `` why do you want to talk to misty ? '' 
 graham asked , his voice soft but savage . 
 bowman kept his seat , not looking intimidated . 
 `` this woman has seen the fae , in the real world , twice . 
 you 've only met him in a dream . 
 i want to know why this oison singled her out . '' 
 `` she has no idea , '' graham said , a snarl in his throat . 
 `` she has nothing to do with this . '' 
 `` i want to judge for myself , '' bowman said . 
 `` if she shared the dream with you , and the fae contacted her , she must be important somehow . '' 
 `` does n't mean she needs to stand in front of a bunch of shifters and explain herself , '' graham said , his growl more pronounced . 
 `` she 's an innocent bystander . 
 leave her alone . '' 
 eric could jump in anytime and help out , could n't he ? 
 but eric sat back , looking as lazy as ever , and let graham talk . 
 only tiger had come to stand at graham 's side . 
 `` my mate is human , '' tiger said now , his voice like broken gravel . 
 `` our mates should not be made to face other shifters . '' 
 `` but the woman misty is nae his mate , '' eoin pointed out in his scottish lilt . 
 `` is she ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' graham said . 
 bowman said , `` i hear your lupines are pressuring you into taking a lupine mate . 
 so the human woman must be a passing thing . 
 yet she already knows shifter secrets , such as our connection with the fae . '' 
 `` hell , i do n't even know much about our connection with the fae , '' graham snapped . 
 `` but i would n't care whether misty was a groupie i shagged once and dumped-i 'm not forcing her to face a shifter interrogation squad . '' 
 `` neither will i , '' eric said mildly . 
 he had n't risen , but such was the other shifters ' respect for him that they all went quiet and let him speak . 
 `` i 'll monitor misty . 
 i too think she 's significant if the fae sought her , even if only to ensnare graham and the rest of us . 
 but leave it to me . 
 if she knows nothing , she should be left alone . '' 
 bowman considered a long time , but he nodded in the end . 
 the others seemed to conclude that what was good enough for bowman was good enough for them . 
 `` i 'll find the collar maker then , '' liam said . 
 `` and get him to eric in las vegas . 
 we all should be able to have access to him . '' 
 `` agreed , '' eric said . 
 he stood up . 
 and that was it . 
 meeting adjourned . 
 a few shifters walked out right away , but the others took their time . 
 a few went into the bar for a refreshing beer . 
 thinking about cold beer made graham 's unnatural thirst kick in , and he fought it by marching out the door into the bright heat of the parking lot . 
 `` we rode all the way down here for that ? '' 
 graham asked eric as they went to their motorcycles . 
 the sun was hammering down , this stretch of the river racking up the hottest summer temperatures in the country . 
 not helping with the thirst . 
 `` phones are n't secure , '' eric said , mounting his bike . 
 `` neither is e-mail . 
 the guardian network is secure , but this is n't guardian business . '' 
 `` yeah , well , if i do n't find some way out from under this spell , it might become guardian business , '' graham said darkly . 
 `` as in guardian 's sword , inside me . '' 
 `` spell , is it ? '' 
 liam had materialized out of nowhere , or so it seemed , and now he studied graham with his too-knowing blue eyes . 
 `` you 're ensorcelled still , are n't you ? 
 do n't worry ; i 'll keep it to myself . 
 you think the collar-making fae can help un-ensorcell you ? '' 
 `` i have n't the faintest f ** king idea , '' graham said . 
 `` i 'm more worried about what the fae bastards are up to with our collars . 
 they need to be stopped . 
 if i die in the process , then i do . '' 
 liam 's feline eyes narrowed as his gaze fixed hard on graham . 
 `` huh , '' he said finally . 
 nothing more . 
 graham looked behind liam at tiger . 
 `` hey , crazy . 
 how are you ? '' 
 tiger took a moment to consider . 
 `` i 'm well , '' he said . 
 he put a lot of conviction into the short answer . 
 eric laughed . 
 `` glad to hear it . 
 having a cub on the way changes a shifter , does n't it ? '' 
 tiger nodded once and gave eric a faint smile . 
 scary , watching that big man smile . 
 graham had seen tiger tear apart a human man without even trying-graham had shot tiger with two heavy bursts from a tranq rifle before tiger even slowed down . 
 having a cub on the way changes a shifter , does n't it ? 
 eric 's question hit graham as liam and tiger moved off , and graham and eric started their bikes . 
 graham remembered sharply how proud he 'd been back in the day to have gotten his mate belly-full . 
 he 'd been so protective of rita , and both had been happy and excited . 
 i was so young , graham thought . 
 sure the world would do anything i wanted it to . 
 he and eric rode out of laughlin , heading for the rugged hills that lined the river . 
 on the other side of those would be searchlight and a flat , almost alien-looking desert landscape that stretched for miles . 
 down on that desert floor , it was hard to guess that a glittering city full of people craving entertainment existed less than a hundred miles away . 
 the ride gave graham plenty of time to remember rita , how into her graham had been , how proud of his unborn cub . 
 graham 's father had been clan leader then-seventy-five years ago . 
 the old man had been hard-bitten and quick to punish , but he 'd held the wolf pack-the extended clan-together . 
 out in the wilderness of montana , that had been important . 
 graham , as his second , had been wild and untamable . 
 rita had been just as wild as graham . 
 and then she 'd died bringing in graham 's cub . 
 just like that . 
 one day there , full of hope ; the next day , rita and the stillborn boy cub had been taken away from him . 
 the guardian had thrust his sword into both rita and the cub , and their bodies had crumpled to dust . 
 graham had scattered their ashes in the mourning ceremony , but he 'd been numb , unable to weep . 
 he 'd spent the next year alone out in the woods , living rough . 
 he 'd returned to find his father dying , other wolves in the pack ready to try to take over the minute he drew his last breath . 
 graham had proved he was leader by preventing the takeover and punishing the instigators . 
 he 'd nursed his father through his last days , sending for the guardian while the elderly wolf still lingered , to let him go out with dignity . 
 another mourning ceremony , but this time , graham had n't had the leisure to go grieve for a year in the wild . 
 he 'd had to kick plenty of ass to stay leader , and had earned the reputation of being a mean bastard . 
 graham had survived by learning to push away his pain . 
 now , during this ride through the waves of heat back to the city , the pain rushed at him and washed over him . 
 graham had to hold himself together-for dougal , for the orphaned cubs , for his clan and all the lupines-whether they liked it or not . 
 but he was achingly lonely . 
 misty was a sweet spot in every day . 
 and damned if graham would let any of the shifters come for her , question her , touch her , even look at her . 
 now , graham might be dying , or worse , taken as slave by the fae . 
 if that happened , he hoped eric or someone would just kill him . 
 he 'd had a full life , did n't matter . 
 graham 's one regret was that he 'd not had any time to spend with misty . 
 always something else distracted him , plus graham had backed off her because his pack did n't want him taking a human mate . 
 he 'd always agreed with them-until misty had smiled at him at a bar nearly a year ago . 
 graham needed to talk to her . 
 to see her . 
 to immerse himself in her . 
 he needed to find her , touch her , kiss her . 
 but when graham stopped for gas inside the city limits , and his phone rang , it was dougal , frantic and half crying . 
 `` matt and kyle are gone , '' dougal said , his voice blasting through the phone . 
 `` they disappeared , and i ca n't find them anywhere . 
 misty stared up at ben . 
 `` i think you 'd better tell me exactly what you mean . '' 
 `` just what i said . '' 
 ben kept his fists on her desk , his brown eyes focused on her . 
 he did n't have the same black-hole stare of the fae-ben appeared to be human , but that did n't mean he was safe . 
 `` mcneil is going to die , unless you help him . '' 
 `` how the hell do you know that ? '' 
 misty demanded . 
 paul stood behind ben , his arms folded , looking ashamed but making no move to stop ben . 
 `` listen to him , misty . 
 he 's a friend . '' 
 `` i 'm waiting for him to say something worth listening to . '' 
 misty kept her voice hard , as she 'd learned to as a kid when other kids bullied her . 
 she 'd learned how to put on the hard shell while protecting her softer self . 
 she 'd protected paul as well . 
 `` i know all about the fae 's spell , '' ben said . 
 `` you cured yourself somehow , misty . 
 for that i say-respect . '' 
 he gave her a nod . 
 `` but that counterspell only works on humans . 
 shifters are n't cured by it . 
 helping graham will be harder . '' 
 misty 's worry rose , and with it anger and fear . 
 how did ben know about the spell and whether it had cured her or not ? 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no fae in me , '' ben said . 
 `` no shifter either . 
 but i 've made it my business to know about these things . '' 
 `` can we get back around to graham dying ? 
 why are you saying i can save him ? '' 
 `` it will be dangerous . 
 i ca n't lie to you , melissa granger . 
 but i 'll help you . 
 i 'll lead you on this quest and keep the path as safe as i can . '' 
 `` quest ? 
 what quest ? '' 
 misty got to her feet . 
 `` did i wake up in lord of the rings ? '' 
 ben chuckled . 
 `` the journey wo n't be that long . 
 you wo n't have to leave the city , not really . '' 
 `` not really ? '' 
 misty glared at him . 
 `` you have n't told me anything i want to hear yet . '' 
 `` that 's what happens to messengers , '' ben said . 
 `` we 're hated if we bring bad news , loved if we bring good . 
 but i 'm more than a messenger . 
 i 'm a guide . '' 
 `` i learned a long time ago not to blindly follow anyone , '' misty said . 
 `` if you ca n't give me exact details on how i can save graham , i 'd like you to leave . 
 the last person who coerced me into ` helping ' made me poison graham with fae water . 
 forgive me for not instantly trusting you . '' 
 ben lifted his fists from her desk and shrugged . 
 `` that 's to be expected . 
 ask around about me . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 misty started to reach for the phone , as though ready to start making calls now . 
 ben 's smile vanished . 
 `` do n't wait too long to trust me , misty . 
 this fae you met , oison , he 's powerful , and he 's vindictive . 
 he wants graham because he 'd a good leader . 
 if you want to save graham from him , you 'll need help , and that help is me . '' 
 misty lowered her hand from the phone and sat back down in her chair , ben 's declarations spinning around her thick and fast . 
 `` graham saved me from flores , '' paul broke in . 
 `` i wanted to help him . 
 ben said he could . '' 
 how ben had been so handy , misty was n't sure . 
 she needed the full story before she decided anything , which meant talking to paul alone . 
 if paul had a weakness , it was in being too easily coerced . 
 he tended to believe in people stronger than he was , and he let them talk him into things . 
 this was why he 'd been joyriding in a car with his friends when an accident had occurred that had sent paul to prison . 
 in prison , he 'd been bullied by sam flores until an even bigger bully convinced paul to trust him . 
 ben could be fine , or he could be shady . 
 paul was n't the best judge of character , unfortunately . 
 `` i 'll get back to you , '' misty said . 
 `` now , i have a hugely busy afternoon ahead of me , as you can probably guess . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about what happened , '' ben said . 
 `` all of it . 
 but i get it . '' 
 he lifted a sticky note from the top of her pad , grabbed a pen from her pen holder , and scribbled a number on it . 
 `` this is me . 
 call me when you decide-or about anything . 
 just remember , mcneil needs you . 
 you can save him , but it has to be your choice . '' 
 he stuck the yellow note in front of her , dropped the pen , gave misty a nod , and left the office , touching his fist to paul 's on the way out . 
 paul closed the door . 
 he faced misty with the defiance he 'd learned as he 'd changed from scared teenager to a young man who 'd had to grow up overnight . 
 `` he 's legit , misty . '' 
 misty spread her hands on her desk . 
 `` where did you meet him ? '' 
 `` told you . 
 through my parole officer . 
 ben 's rehabilitated . 
 is doing well for himself . '' 
 `` what does he do ? '' 
 `` construction work mostly . 
 but he knows what he 's talking about . '' 
 he gave her the little smile that reminded her of the young paul who 'd been taken away . 
 `` i would n't have believed him either if i had n't met the shifters and reid . 
 if he can help , listen to him . '' 
 misty lifted her hands . 
 `` how did he get in touch with you ? 
 and how did he know about what happened to me , and graham ? 
 that 's what 's bugging me . 
 what did you tell him ? '' 
 `` not much . 
 he called me this morning , said he 'd heard about flores , and you and graham getting stuck in the desert . 
 that would n't be hard to figure out , if one of flores 's boys talked about it . 
 ben hears a lot about the criminal world . '' 
 `` i can see that , but what about the spells ? 
 and the fae ? '' 
 paul shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea , but he helps people . 
 that i do know . '' 
 he looked earnest , pleading . 
 misty let out a quiet breath . 
 `` i wo n't dismiss him out of hand . '' 
 misty 's instincts were telling her to , but she 'd seen things in the last year to make her doubt her instincts . 
 `` but i need to talk to graham first . '' 
 paul relaxed and gave her a nod . 
 `` sure . 
 thanks , misty . '' 
 paul really did n't need to thank misty when he was trying to do her a favor , but she understood . 
 `` now get out of my office , kid , '' she said , growling the banter they 'd always used to use . 
 `` you 're distracting me . '' 
 paul gave her a grin and walked out , a swagger in his step . 
 as soon as he closed the door , misty picked up her cell phone and punched graham 's number . 
 he was near the top of her favorites , right after her mother in los angeles . 
 how pathetic was that ? 
 graham did n't answer , and a recorded voice came on to tell misty that the number could n't be reached . 
 that worried misty enough to call cassidy , who told her graham and eric had left together on shifter business . 
 `` tell him to call me , '' misty said . 
 `` it 's important . '' 
 cassidy promised to , then hesitated . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 cass , can you or diego find out all you can about a man called ben ... '' misty picked up the sticky note , '' ... williams . 
 i have his phone number if that helps . '' 
 she read it off . 
 `` sure . 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . 
 he might be fine . 
 but i just want to know . '' 
 `` we 'll check him out . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` if you need to talk , misty , you know you can always call me . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i think if i talk right now though , i 'll end up blithering or crying . 
 i need to keep it together . '' 
 as she 'd done her whole life . 
 `` i get it , '' cassidy said . 
 `` let me know . '' 
 misty hung up and sat a long time staring at the name and number on the sticky note . 
 what she knew and did n't know wrapped around each other , tangling with her emotions and making her slightly sick to her stomach . 
 or maybe she 'd had too much green sauce at lunch . 
 pressing the note back to her desk , misty left the office . 
 `` xav , '' she said , approaching him where he was helping his guys lift shelves back onto brackets . 
 `` what did you think of the guy who just left here ? 
 ben , paul 's friend . '' 
 xav 's dark stare fixed on her , and his end of the shelf sagged . 
 `` what guy ? '' 
 `` shorter than you , hefty , dark eyes , tatts . 
 with my brother ? '' 
 `` i saw your brother , but no one else . 
 when was this ? '' 
 `` a few minutes ago . 
 right before paul came out of my office . '' 
 xav 's focus sharpened . 
 `` i did n't see anyone . 
 before or after . 
 and i 've been watching . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` damn it . '' 
 xav handed his end of the shelf to one of the other security men and moved away , taking out his phone as he stalked through the back to the alley . 
 chapter thirteen `` would you all calm down ? '' 
 graham roared . 
 `` i ca n't hear myself think . '' 
 dougal had been wolf by the time he got home , sitting on the floor of graham 's still-trashed kitchen , his muzzle lifted in howls . 
 nell , the she-bear who lived next door to eric , was trying to get him to calm down , her voice as loud as dougal 's howling . 
 nell , a grizzly , was a big woman , and she could yell . 
 graham had learned to outshout anyone else long ago . 
 nell shut up , but she scowled at him . 
 nell was the alpha bear in shiftertown-not that there were many bears at all-but she was in dominance about the same as graham and eric . 
 `` i have n't seen them , '' nell said . 
 `` i have cormac and my boys out looking for them . '' 
 nell 's `` boys '' were full-grown grizzlies , shane and brody . 
 `` most of shiftertown is , in fact . 
 and misty 's looking for you . 
 cassidy said she called . '' 
 graham had ditched eric at the gas station and ridden hard and fast to reach shiftertown . 
 he 'd found dougal in the middle of the kitchen floor , wailing to the ceiling . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 graham wanted misty with every breath . 
 his throat was so dry it ached , but even the thought of her brought a bit of ease . 
 `` dougal , when did you last see them ? 
 stop howling and tell me . '' 
 `` he was bringing them to me to babysit , '' nell said . 
 `` they ran off when dougal was n't looking . '' 
 `` was n't looking ? '' 
 graham swung on her . 
 `` what the hell was he looking at ? '' 
 `` lindsay in a bathing suit . '' 
 nell said . 
 `` well , half a bathing suit . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 graham threw up his hands . 
 `` that female needs to be hosed down . 
 dougal , you idiot . '' 
 `` do n't be so hard on him , '' nell said . 
 `` he 's just come through his transition , and his mating instinct is high . 
 you 're the one who left two little helpless cubs with him . '' 
 `` helpless ? 
 you 're talking about matt and kyle , right ? 
 they 're hiding . 
 playing . 
 must be . '' 
 graham hoped to the goddess they were only playing . 
 `` we 're looking , '' nell said grimly . 
 `` we 'll find them . '' 
 but with all the fae activity , and matt and kyle featuring in the dreams-or entering the dreams , or whatever the hell was going on-graham went sick with worry . 
 the fae oison had enthralled graham , a big , badass alpha shifter . 
 kyle and matt were tiny and vulnerable . 
 if oison had touched them , graham was going to kill the fae outside a dream and make it stick . 
 `` dougal will you shut up ! '' 
 graham bellowed . 
 at the same time , his phone rang . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` jeez , graham , '' misty 's voice came to him . 
 `` do you ever just say hello ? '' 
 `` misty . 
 sweetheart . '' 
 graham tried to pull back into a normal speaking tone . 
 `` i 'm really busy right now . '' 
 `` you 're always busy . 
 so am i . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 `` i ca n't talk . 
 matt and kyle are missing . 
 i find them first , talk later . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he heard her concern escalate . 
 `` graham ... '' `` i got ta go , misty . 
 i 'll call you back . '' 
 graham closed his flip phone so he would n't keep talking to her . 
 he 'd stand here and pour out all his troubles and beg her to come to him . 
 to mate with him . 
 to be his forever . 
 he 'd do it in front of nell and dougal too and not care . 
 he would call her back , once he sorted out what happened to matt and kyle , and everything else . 
 and they 'd talk as much as she wanted to . 
 `` dougal , do you at least have an idea which direction they went ? '' 
 he asked . 
 dougal finally stopped howling-thank the goddess . 
 graham 's ears were going numb . 
 dougal did n't shift to human , but graham could understand what he wanted to say . 
 the answer was no . 
 dougal had been fixed on lindsay , walking around in a bikini with no top . 
 when lindsay had disappeared inside her house , dougal had looked around , and the cubs had been gone . 
 yes , he 'd gone to brenda 's to see if they 'd run back there , and he 'd checked all over graham 's house , and he 'd called nell . 
 dougal knew he was a shithead . 
 that he screwed up . 
 that he should be punished . 
 but why had graham run off and left dougal alone ? 
 he had n't known what to do . 
 `` dougal , you 're grown , '' graham snapped . 
 `` you do n't need me around all the time . '' 
 dougal 's muzzle was down , almost on the ground , his ears back , tail tucked underneath him . 
 graham balled his fists in frustration . 
 dougal needed reassurance , not more yelling . 
 but damn it , the cubs , graham 's responsibility , were gone , and there was an evil fae on the loose . 
 graham laid his hand on dougal 's head . 
 `` the mating instinct is harsh . 
 trust me , i know this . 
 it 's going to mess you up all the time . 
 but that does n't matter right now . 
 i need you . 
 you have the cubs ' scent . 
 help me find them . '' 
 dougal lifted his head , looking slightly better , but he still cringed as he slunk out of the house and started sniffing around . 
 `` poor kid , '' nell said . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm going to do with him . '' 
 graham went out the door after dougal , nell behind him . 
 outside , they met cormac , a huge , blue-eyed bear shifter . 
 he 'd recently mated with nell , and the two had stuck together since then like contact cement . 
 `` if they 're in shiftertown , we have n't found them , '' cormac said . 
 graham swallowed the raging curses that wanted to come out and said , `` thanks for looking . '' 
 `` we 'll look again , '' cormac said . 
 nell nodded , and moved off with him . 
 shiftertown was abuzz . 
 during the day , felines usually napped , and bears did too-bears always found some excuse to sleep . 
 but now shifters were out , many in shifter form , noses to the ground , helping search for the two little ones . 
 graham shucked his own clothes , changed into his large black wolf , put his muzzle down , and sniffed . 
 what he mostly smelled was a maze of shifter scents , going every which way . 
 this was the problem with shiftertowns-too many scents from different clans , packs , and species tangled together . 
 wolf packs needed to have their scents around them and no one else 's . 
 other scents meant danger . 
 but here , with everything mixed up , shifters could n't tell danger until it was too late . 
 which was probably what had happened with kyle and matt . 
 they searched . 
 dougal stayed close to graham , both of them keeping to wolf form while they hunted , dougal still needing reassurance . 
 a hatchback car came into shiftertown , pulling up in front of graham 's house . 
 the door opened , and misty 's scent came to him , even across the field where he searched . 
 misty did n't drive a hatchback , and the scent of it was wrong for her , but that fact was peripheral . 
 as soon as misty 's shapely foot touched pavement , graham focused on her and nothing else . 
 it had happened . 
 last night had triggered it , or maybe the dreams or the spells had . 
 as graham watched misty , taking in her long legs under a loose , calf-length skirt , her shapely br ** sts hidden by a white tank top with a little pink bow at the neckline , he knew his mating frenzy had n't come out of nowhere . 
 it had started the first night he 'd met her . 
 graham had always told himself that he could give her up , walk away from her at any time . 
 he needed a shifter mate , misty was human-and so it could never be . 
 graham had reasoned that if he did n't have sex with her , did n't spend any nights with her , and kept her at a distance , he 'd be fine . 
 then , when the time came for him to pick out a lupine mate , he 'd be able to tell misty , thanks , it 's been fun . 
 or better still , say nothing at all . 
 she 'd get it . 
 now , more than ever , graham needed to cut her out of his life . 
 she was free of the spell , free of the fae , free of graham 's problems . 
 misty could go , and graham would focus on his dilemmas and move on . 
 but graham knew , watching as misty walked around to the back of the car , her skirt swishing around her tanned legs , that he 'd never , ever be able to send her away . 
 she was rapidly filling every empty space inside graham 's heart , and cutting her out of it would kill him . 
 graham sat down on his haunches , wanting to point his nose to the sky and howl as miserably as dougal had . 
 he was so , so screwed . 
 shiftertown was busier than misty had ever seen it , except on ritual days . 
 but all rituals , even mourning ceremonies , carried the element of a party . 
 right now , the shifters were on alert , roving everywhere , tension high . 
 she had a feeling she knew why . 
 misty unlocked and opened the hatchback , reached in , and lifted two wolf cubs out by the scruffs of their necks . 
 they did n't want to come . 
 the cubs curled in on themselves , trying to cling to misty . 
 the shifters closest to her saw . 
 they stopped , eyes and ears fixed on misty , the ones in human form freezing to look . 
 the awareness that misty had the cubs spread like a ripple , rolling outward from her and around the giant black wolf who 'd stopped and stared at her before she 'd opened the hatch . 
 the shifters were n't rejoicing . 
 not laughing in relief that misty had brought the cubs back home . 
 they were angry . 
 she heard growls , rumbles , the soft snarls of animals debating whether or not to attack . 
 if this had been misty 's first ever encounter with shifters , she 'd be diving back into the car and racing the hell out of there . 
 these shifters were enraged misty had the cubs , and they did n't look as though they cared about explanations . 
 misty tried anyway . 
 `` i found them . 
 i did n't take them . 
 i 'm bringing them back . '' 
 she tried to gently set down the cubs so she could back away , showing she meant no harm . 
 but as soon as she turned loose their scruffs , matt and kyle scrambled back into her arms , their little bodies shaking . 
 they were terrified . 
 the black wolf had started forward as soon as misty lifted the cubs from the back . 
 now he moved rapidly between her and the shifters who were advancing on her . 
 the shifters in front of the pack , mostly wolves , drew back a little , but their growling did n't cease . 
 graham turned to face them , baring his teeth , his snarl menacing . 
 the lupines moved backward , heads lowering , but still they growled , unhappy . 
 one lupine did n't obey . 
 he stood up , anger in his eyes , his ears flat on his head , wolf snarls matching graham 's . 
 with a harsh sound that was almost a roar , graham went for the wolf , his charge swift , his jaws opened for the kill . 
 graham landed on the wolf and had his body flipped over in the space of a second , graham 's mouth going toward the wolf 's throat . 
 at the last moment , graham snapped his teeth an inch from the wolf 's fur , then eased his jaws around the wolf 's throat . 
 graham held the wolf there for about thirty seconds , then released it and touched its nose with his . 
 graham stepped back , then began to shift . 
 his legs and arms became human as he rose on his hindquarters . 
 in a short time , graham stood over the wolf , who also had morphed to human-a dark-haired man-both of them stark naked . 
 the man remained on the ground , curled in on himself , his defiance gone . 
 graham stepped to him and laid his hand on the man 's head . 
 graham said nothing , only kept his hand there , until the man finally looked up at him . 
 the man 's eyes , wolf gray , held contrition . 
 `` sorry , graham , '' he said . 
 graham leaned down , putting both hands on the man 's head now and ruffling his hair . 
 `` we 'll both get over it . 
 misty ! '' 
 graham straightened up and turned away from the lupine , finished with him . 
 misty could n't speak . 
 she 'd been staring at graham 's muscled back , which tapered to a firm mound of bu ** ocks . 
 now he faced her , which meant she saw his equally firm torso , his strong arms , and the c ** k that hung , thick and long , between his legs . 
 graham was a large man , his body sculpted for running , hunting , fighting . 
 no polished edges on him . 
 he was raw , rippling with strength , beautiful . 
 `` misty , what the hell is this ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 graham 's voice was gravelly from all the snarling , the hint of the wolf still in it . 
 and he sounded dry . 
 thirsty . 
 `` i found the cubs , '' misty said , making herself raise her gaze from his hips . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 graham 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` is that what you were trying to tell me on the phone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did n't find them until i went out to my parking lot . 
 i was trying to tell you something else on the phone , but you hung up on me . '' 
 `` because i was looking for these damned cubs ! '' 
 graham reached for them . 
 kyle and matt shrank back , whining , clinging to misty . 
 one of them had climbed onto her head , his claws raking through her hair . 
 `` who are terrified of you , '' misty said . 
 `` look at them . 
 what did you do to them ? 
 ow , matt-or kyle-stop that . 
 which is which ? '' 
 `` kyle , '' graham said , pointing to the cub on her head . 
 `` matt . '' 
 his finger moved to the other one . 
 `` why are they so scared of you ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 not that she had n't seen graham a few moments ago terrorize another large wolf into cringing submission . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 where did you find them ? 
 that 's not your car . '' 
 `` nothing gets past you , does it ? '' 
 misty tried to cuddle matt and pet kyle so they 'd quit with the clawing . 
 `` matt and kyle were in the back of that car . 
 one of the dx security men found them in there when he was at the end of his shift . 
 no idea how they got there-his car did n't leave the lot all day . '' 
 graham looked over the dark red hatchback with its curvy lines and dented fender , his brows drawing together . 
 `` that belongs to a guy from dx security ? '' 
 `` it 's his mom 's . 
 he was borrowing it for the day . 
 i told him i 'd bring the cubs back to you . 
 well , actually , i just grabbed his keys while he and the others were debating how to return the cubs , and i brought them back . 
 i figured you 'd be worried . '' 
 misty decided worried was n't a strong enough word . 
 most of the shifters were relaxing now , especially the wildcats , who were changing back to human form , strolling home , or loping off in their animal forms . 
 kyle and matt were all right , and graham apparently was n't going to kill anyone over it , at least not now . 
 the lupines who 'd confronted misty were still there , but not looking directly at her or graham . 
 `` did they think i 'd kidnapped them ? '' 
 misty asked graham . 
 `` or that i would hurt them ? 
 i never would . '' 
 she raised her voice to carry to the others . 
 `` i 'd never hurt them . 
 or any kids . 
 or cubs . '' 
 `` they know that in here . '' 
 graham tapped the side of his forehead . 
 `` at least , they should . 
 but instinct is a bitch . 
 they see someone with cubs who 've been missing , and they want to kill first , ask questions later . 
 but they wo n't do it again . '' 
 `` i called when i was on my way , '' misty said . 
 the cubs were calming now , tails moving a little as she petted heads . 
 `` but you would n't answer your phone . '' 
 `` i was a wolf , trying to hunt a scent . 
 had to leave my phone at home . '' 
 he turned to someone behind misty , across the street . 
 `` nell ! 
 come and take these brats . 
 i need someone to look after them for me . '' 
 `` forget it , graham ! '' 
 the large , dark-haired woman yelled back . 
 `` i do n't have time , and i do n't have room . 
 you have that huge house with only you and your nephew . 
 you take them . '' 
 graham put his hands on his hips . 
 `` wait , i ca n't raise twin cubs and run shiftertown ! '' 
 nell turned her back , put her arm around the huge man , cormac , and walked away with him . 
 `` suck it up , graham , '' nell said . 
 cormac looked back at him and grinned . 
 `` shit . '' 
 graham folded his large arms and glared at the two cubs , whose tails had started moving faster . 
 behind graham , his lupines watched , faces softening in relief , but they were still wary . 
 misty realized that while graham could stamp around and let himself be made fun of , he 'd showed that , when need be , his word was law . 
 his shifters disobeyed at their peril . 
 `` do n't think you two can get out of this by being cute , '' graham said to the cubs . 
 `` bring them , misty . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 he growled as he turned away . 
 `` hell , now you 've got me saying it . '' 
 graham threw open the door of his house , went inside , and signaled misty to follow . 
 no one was in the kitchen , but the place was the disaster area he 'd left . 
 misty stopped , looking around in dismay . 
 `` the servants all quit , '' graham said , deadpan . 
 misty stood motionless while matt and kyle crawled down her and dropped to the floor . 
 no longer afraid , they started running in circles between misty and graham , chasing each other , fear forgotten . 
 what graham liked about all this was that misty was n't shying away from his nakedness . 
 she was n't exactly staring at his goods , but she did n't avert her eyes , flush , turn away , or yell at him to please get dressed . 
 graham was the one who left , to step into the living room and grab some sweatpants he 'd left in there . 
 he did n't mind misty seeing everything , but if his thoughts kept rampaging , he 'd never hide his growing hard-on . 
 when he came back into the kitchen , misty was at the sink , sorting dishes , scraping them , running the water . 
 `` you do n't need to do that , '' graham said quickly . 
 `` i 'll get shifters in my pack to do it ; or have dougal get his butt home and help . 
 here , i 'll call right now . '' 
 misty kept on rinsing and scraping dishes . 
 she never , ever simply obeyed graham , as everyone else did , which both intrigued him and drove him crazy . 
 `` my mom and dad divorced when i was ten and paul was five , '' she said , for no reason graham could discern . 
 `` we lived with my dad a lot because my mother remarried right away , and her new , successful husband did n't want the bother of kids around . 
 he was nice to us , but it was pretty clear he was n't interested in my mom 's kids from her previous marriage . 
 i had to learn very fast how to take care of men . 
 my dad was always buried in his next business idea , and paul was too little . '' 
 misty had the dishes sorted out , scrubbing them in one side of the sink , rinsing them in the other . 
 `` i learned early that men are n't good at taking care of themselves . '' 
 `` shifter males are different , '' graham said , leaning against the counter . 
 `` we have to take care of ourselves , our families , and everyone in the pack . 
 we 're good at it . '' 
 misty glanced around the wrecked kitchen , gave him a wry smile , and returned to the dishes . 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 graham loved how her nose wrinkled when she smiled like that , loved how one strand of her hair had come out of the ponytail and fallen to her bare neck . 
 `` are you going to tell me why you tried to call me before ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` and how the cubs got into the back of that car ? '' 
 his gaze swiveled to matt and kyle , who were trying to lick dried ketchup off the floor . 
 `` leave it ! '' 
 matt and kyle jumped , looked guilty for about one second , then started running around the kitchen again . 
 `` we do n't know how they got into the back of the car , '' misty said over rattling dishes . 
 `` they were just there . 
 the car was in the parking lot all day ; the guy who owns it did n't take it anywhere , not even on his lunch break . 
 he ate at the convenience store . '' 
 graham stepped in front of kyle and matt 's next wild circle of the room . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 the cubs came to a startled halt but looked up at him without fear . 
 they knew the difference between graham as alpha , disciplining the pack , and graham the irritated babysitter . 
 he fixed them both with a scowl . 
 `` how did you get into that car ? '' 
 a series of yowls and yips followed as both cubs tried to excitedly explain . 
 misty turned around from the sink , concerned . 
 graham held up his hands . 
 `` quit that . 
 you sound like a bunch of coyotes . 
 speak human , so misty can understand . '' 
 the wolves morphed almost instantly into boys . 
 they were good at shifting . 
 not all shifters were-some struggled with the change-but these two had a natural ability . 
 `` we do n't know , '' matt said . 
 `` we were playing hide-and-seek with dougal . '' 
 `` we were hiding , '' kyle clarified . 
 `` and dougal was looking at a female . '' 
 his confused look told graham kyle did n't understand why . 
 `` then dougal was mad , and yelling , '' matt said . 
 `` and we fell asleep . '' 
 `` woke up in the car , '' kyle finished . 
 `` where were you hiding ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 the cubs looked at each other , their big eyes filling with fear again . 
 fear made them fall silent . 
 `` just tell me , '' graham said . 
 kyle curled into a ball and hid his face against his knees . 
 `` you 're scaring them , '' misty said . 
 she wiped her hands on a clean towel she 'd found and came to the cubs . 
 crouching down , she reached out for matt 's hand . 
 `` it 's okay , kyle . 
 we just want to make sure you were n't hurt . 
 and that no one else gets hurt . 
 you 're not in trouble . '' 
 `` i 'm matt . '' 
 misty blinked at him , taking in his hazel eyes . 
 `` sorry . 
 matt . 
 you can tell me . '' 
 matt considered for a time . 
 then he squeezed misty 's hand and leaned forward confidentially . 
 `` a house , '' he said . 
 `` a house that is n't done . 
 in the basement . '' 
 kyle raised his head and smacked his brother on the arm . 
 `` we promised ! '' 
 `` ow ! 
 we said we would n't tell any shifter . 
 aunt misty ai n't shifter . '' 
 `` who did you promise ? '' 
 graham said above them . 
 `` do n't know , '' matt said . 
 `` but shifter spaces are secret , are n't they ? 
 we 're not supposed to tell . '' 
 `` you 'll tell me . '' 
 graham 's growling grew stronger . 
 he knew misty was right-if he terrified the little guys , they 'd never say a word . 
 but the wolf in him was worried . 
 `` now . '' 
 `` ca n't , '' kyle whispered . 
 `` secret . '' 
 chapter fourteen misty felt waves of fear from the cubs . 
 `` graham , leave them alone , '' she said . 
 graham only rumbled some more . 
 she wished he did n't look so sexy in the drawstring sweatpants that rode low on his hips , exposing the glory trail that pointed to what he 'd hidden . 
 he was dusty and sun-bronzed from his ride wherever he 'd been and also from running around looking for the cubs . 
 tatts hugged arms replete with muscle , biceps hardening as he folded those arms , a stance he liked . 
 misty knew graham was a complicated man . 
 he had responsibilities pulling him every which way and no time for sentimentality . 
 a girl who fell in love with him would have to understand that . 
 graham had made it clear after they 'd gone out a few times that he expected to take a lupine mate ; he 'd probably choose one of the shifters who 'd been cringing on the green today . 
 misty knew she should walk away from this relationship and let him do what he needed to-that she should have a long time ago . 
 misty looked at graham again and knew she 'd have to summon all her strength if she decided to go . 
 a few days ago , she 'd been angry enough to tell him to leave her alone . 
 but now , she was n't sure she had that kind of strength . 
 mcneil needs you , ben had said . 
 you can save him , but it has to be your choice . 
 my life sucks . 
 graham pointed at the cubs . 
 `` you two , upstairs , and into the bathtub . 
 you 're filthy . 
 i 'll get you some dinner , then you 're going to bed . 
 understand ? '' 
 kyle and matt both looked up , their fear easing a little . 
 `` are we going to live with you , uncle graham ? '' 
 kyle asked . 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 the boys jumped to their feet , gave each other high fives , then both dove at graham and gave shifter hugs to his pants-clad legs . 
 graham growled again , but gently . 
 both boys changed to wolf even as they clung to him , and graham reached down , lifted them with his big hands under their bellies , and carried them out , rumbling at them all the way up the stairs . 
 later , after the cubs had bathed , eaten their fill of another pizza , and curled up in bed , asleep with noses buried in tails , misty returned to the dishes . 
 two little boys and dougal , not to mention graham , could sure make a mess . 
 dougal had come in when the pizzas arrived , eaten a whole one in about three minutes , and breezed out again . 
 on the prowl , graham had said . 
 males right after transition were always on the hunt for mates . 
 females were choosy and made males work for it , but that did n't keep males from trying . 
 graham needed to talk more to dougal , misty thought as she moved another plate into the drying rack . 
 dougal had avoided graham 's gaze and refused to speak about the cubs and his role in losing them . 
 no one had talked about it , in fact . 
 graham had n't let misty tell him about ben either . 
 he 'd been waiting to speak to her about everything alone , she understood . 
 well , now was his chance . 
 the cubs were asleep , dougal gone , the night darkening , the house quiet . 
 shifters were moving around outside , but inside , graham 's house was calm . 
 and much cleaner now . 
 two scarred hands planted themselves on either side of misty on the counter . 
 graham 's strong arms hemmed her in against the sink , and his body , in a t-shirt he 'd donned for dinner and the sweatpants , covered her back . 
 the heat of his lips brushed the side of her neck . 
 `` goddess , you smell good . '' 
 misty lost hold of the last slippery plate , then caught it , lowering it back into the water . 
 `` i notice you did n't drink anything at dinner , '' she said , her voice not working right . 
 `` and barely ate . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 graham skimmed his mouth over her skin , his breath hot . 
 `` not gon na do it . '' 
 `` graham , you have to drink something . '' 
 `` no , sweetheart . '' 
 his lips moved against her neck as he spoke . 
 `` if i start , i wo n't be able to stop . 
 i 'll drink myself to death . '' 
 `` but if you do n't have any water , you 'll die . '' 
 `` wolves can go a long time without drinking . 
 i 'm finishing this before i give that dickhead fae the satisfaction of making me desperate . '' 
 misty tried to look back at him . 
 `` i hate seeing you like this . '' 
 graham licked her neck up to the ticklish place behind her ear , which her ponytail bared . 
 `` when i drink you , i 'm not thirsty , '' he rumbled . 
 heat shot to misty 's intimate places and rested there . 
 `` i need to tell you things , '' she whispered . 
 graham nuzzled her . 
 `` they can wait . '' 
 `` probably should n't . '' 
 `` i do n't give a damn right now . '' 
 graham turned her face up to him , keeping her body facing the counter , and bit her chin . 
 then he bit her lower lip and kissed her . 
 a hard , commanding kiss , gentleness gone . 
 his hands moved from the countertop to her abdomen , pulling her back against him , his fingers hard on her belly . 
 he kneaded the soft flesh there , moving one hand up between her br ** sts . 
 misty reached up to touch his neck , twisting in his arms , forgetting her hands were wet . 
 she brushed the collar , thick and cold , the silver and black chain marking him as enslaved . 
 graham opened her mouth with his , sweeping his tongue inside . 
 his tongue was rough against hers , his mouth hot , strong . 
 misty rubbed his collar then traced his cheek , her thumb at the corner of his lips . 
 graham turned his head and sucked her finger into his mouth , licking off the clean water . 
 he reached in front of her and turned on the faucet . 
 his sink had a sprayer hose , and he lifted this and squirted misty up and down her front . 
 misty squealed and tried to spin away . 
 graham held her firmly and soaked her tank top and her skin beneath . 
 water trickled between her br ** sts , and it was cold . 
 `` you want me to drink ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` then i 'll do it like this . '' 
 graham lifted the nozzle to his mouth and squirted some water inside . 
 then , one-handed , he pulled off misty 's sopping tank top , unhooked her bra and slid it off , held the sprayer nozzle close to her skin , and pressed the trigger again . 
 the water was n't on full blast , so it poured down her rather than showered . 
 graham snapped off the water , turned misty around , and lifted her onto the edge of the counter . 
 one strong arm behind her pulled her up to him . 
 graham lowered his head and licked across her chest , his tongue trailing fire . 
 he raised his head , nose-to-nose with misty , and a slow smile spread across his face . 
 misty touched the smile , liking how it creased the corners of his mouth . 
 graham lowered his head again and scooped up the water on her br ** sts with his tongue . 
 his warm mouth sent fierce tingles through her , pins and needles of heat . 
 graham licked around the mound of misty 's right breast and sucked her nipple inside his mouth . 
 the heat increased to incandescence . 
 misty groaned as graham bit down on her nipple , the small pain erotic . 
 he leaned her backward , dragging his tongue from her br ** sts to her belly , licking water as he went . 
 misty felt her skirt loosen . 
 she forced herself upright then , the breath she dragged in cut off when graham kissed her again . 
 as his mouth moved on hers , she hooked her fingers around the waistband of his sweatpants and tugged at the drawstring . 
 `` not this time , '' she said , breaking the kiss . 
 `` you 're not undressing me unless you 're bare too . '' 
 graham stared at her . 
 he was going to say no , back away , not go through with it . 
 misty 's heart squeezed , pain seeping through her excitement . 
 graham took a step back , grabbed the back of his t-shirt and pulled it off , and then shucked his sweatpants in one short movement . 
 he wore nothing underneath . 
 unlike when he 'd been naked outside , in front of everyone , graham 's c ** k was hard and lifted straight at her . 
 a male like graham , rampant for her , was the sexiest thing she 'd ever seen . 
 misty reached for him , liking the way black hair curled at the base , how the head was flushed with wanting . 
 `` do n't tempt me , '' graham said , moving her hand away . 
 `` we 're doing this my way . '' 
 misty curled her fingers into her palm . 
 `` cassidy told me shifters could have sexual partners without mating with them . 
 and often do . 
 mating is different from just having sex . '' 
 graham 's growl vibrated the window behind her . 
 he closed the few inches of space between them , his arms slammed to either side of her before misty could say another word . 
 `` i 'll never just have sex with you . 
 if i take you , it will be a mate thing , and nothing less . 
 you know that , damn you . '' 
 `` i do n't know anything about you , graham . '' 
 misty rested her hand on his chest , feeling his heart banging hard beneath his hot skin . 
 `` you never tell me . '' 
 another growl , this one rumbling long and low . 
 graham twisted her skirt open , the buttons holding it pinging to the floor . 
 her panties came next , skimmed off over her legs before he sat her on the counter again . 
 `` there 's nothing to know , '' graham said . 
 `` nothing i want to talk about . '' 
 shutting her out . 
 as usual . 
 his gray eyes held old pain , worry that went back to long before she 'd met him . 
 misty caressed his face , wanting in , wanting him . 
 graham slid his fingers behind her bu ** ocks and tugged her to the front of the counter . 
 at the same time , he dropped to his knees , spread open her thighs , and plunged his mouth over her opening . 
 misty choked back a scream . 
 the cubs were asleep upstairs-graham had to be insane . 
 at least she 'd pulled the blind down on the window behind her . 
 other blinds were open , though , the light in the kitchen haloing graham while he licked her . 
 misty 's thoughts fizzled off into nothing . 
 all she knew was sensation-graham 's strong tongue finding her depths , his hands hard on her thighs , his mouth on her . 
 drinking , licking , suckling . 
 she wound into dizziness . 
 the water in the sink slowly drained , the stopper having worked loose , a little droplet from the almost shut-off faucet spattering on the water 's surface . 
 misty curled her toes , her legs swinging as heat poured over her . 
 she pressed her fingers into graham 's short hair , holding on , her head thrown back . 
 the light made spangles on the ceiling , reflections moving softly . 
 the water 's ripples became waves of sensations graham poured into her . 
 misty heard moans come from her mouth , and she pressed her fist against her lips to stop them . 
 before she knew it , she was bumping against the counter , barely able to stay on , her moans turning to little cries , still muffled by her fist . 
 graham was merciless . 
 he kept drinking her , tasting , driving her wild . 
 she was going to die , and he 'd be laughing . 
 graham went on , suckling , drinking , thrusting into her with his tongue . 
 no sex had ever been this good , and it would n't be again , unless it was with graham . 
 misty 's first climax finished , and another came hard on its heels . 
 she heard herself begging him , and felt his laughter against her thighs . 
 after the fourth time , graham finally rose to his feet , gathering misty to him while she shuddered and clung to him . 
 `` damn you , '' she whispered . 
 graham 's chuckle rumbled wonderfully beneath her ear . 
 `` i was thirsty . '' 
 misty raised her head . 
 graham smiled down at her , his eyes dark , something in him relaxed and loosened . 
 still , he looked way too smug . 
 the smile said graham knew he 'd taken her to new heights , and he could do it again if he wanted . 
 misty reached up and closed her teeth around his earlobe . 
 graham 's hold loosened while he took a sharp breath , and misty slid off the counter . 
 she kept going , all the way down to her knees . 
 `` no . '' 
 graham 's hand fell heavily on her shoulder , but too late . 
 misty grasped the base of his long c ** k and quickly closed her mouth around it . 
 no . 
 no , no , no . 
 graham had to stop her . 
 tell her to get up , dress herself , and get her ass out of his house . 
 he balled his fists as misty 's mouth moved , lips stretched to take him all in . 
 he groaned . 
 `` holy mother goddess . '' 
 misty pulled him closer . 
 the goddess was n't going to answer graham 's prayer , but maybe she had answered it . 
 misty kept on with him , moving her tongue across the underside of his cock , licking him , nibbling a little . 
 graham 's burning thirst , now that he was n't drinking misty , had come roaring back , but for the moment , he did n't care . 
 his lower body was spreading its pleasure to the rest of him , rendering his dry throat a minor issue . 
 graham 's hips began moving , slowly at first , then faster as misty continued . 
 she pulled him into her , tighter , encouraging him . 
 damn the woman . 
 she was torturing him . 
 punishing him for making her come four times and liking it . 
 graham clenched his fists harder , feeling his nails crease his palms . 
 the small pain was lost in the swamping need that poured through him , making every good intention evaporate like water from the desert floor . 
 he wanted to mate with this woman , take her in every position he knew and some he 'd never tried . 
 he wanted to curl up with misty in the night , letting down every guard he 'd ever put up , then wake up and take her again . 
 i want to mate with you under the light of the mother goddess and the father god . 
 i want you with me until we find the summerland , and then float into brightness with you after that . 
 i want you sun and moon , body and soul . 
 joined . 
 forever . 
 graham wanted her sweetness , her smile , her softness . 
 and he wanted sex . 
 pure , wild , raw sex . 
 he touched misty 's sleek hair , stopping himself from bunching it in his fist . 
 he was too strong ; he could hurt her . 
 he stroked the satiny length of it , breaking the binding that held it in the ponytail . 
 long , flowing , warm . 
 graham would make her wear it down all the time . 
 misty 's tongue rubbed him , and her mouth pulled , teeth scraping a little . 
 she pressed her fingers into the firm flesh of his bu ** ocks , and then he felt one finger slide between his cheeks . 
 the feeling was explosive . 
 graham threw his head back , words coming out of his mouth , but he had no idea what they were . 
 he thought he said love in there , as well as plenty of swear words . 
 `` damn , '' he said , and then he came . 
 graham stopped himself pressing misty to him , urging her to take him . 
 but she did n't let go . 
 she drank him down as graham spilled his seed , knowing he had to have this woman forever . 
 he rocked against her for a long time , the house around them silent except for the soft sounds of their pleasure . 
 the intense joy that gripped him eased down into a warmth that was no less joyful . 
 misty drew back , releasing him , and picked up a fallen towel to wipe her mouth . 
 graham found himself on the floor with her , gathering her to his lap , closing his arms all the way around her . 
 he rocked her there , kissing her hair , drowning himself in her warmth and scent . 
 misty brushed fingertips over his rough , unshaven cheek , her smile quiet . 
 `` there , '' she said . 
 `` i knew i could wipe the grin off your face . '' 
 chapter fifteen misty had asked , `` do you want me to go ? '' 
 offering , knowing graham had been trying to push her away , out of his problems . 
 except misty kept landing right in his problems again . 
 `` stay , '' graham had said into her hair , and he 'd carried her upstairs . 
 graham 's bedroom was the neatest in the house . 
 dougal 's room was a disaster area , graham always surprised his nephew could find his own bed . 
 many times dougal did n't , sleeping on the floor as wolf . 
 the twins were snuggled down together in a spare bedroom , which graham supposed was theirs now . 
 graham lay misty in his own bed and covered her nakedness with blankets . 
 she gave him a sleepy smile , one a little bit smug . 
 she 'd gotten graham to let down his guard . 
 was n't that hard , sweetheart . 
 graham debated whether to join her . 
 he 'd want to touch her again if he did , wrap up in her , have sex with her . 
 mate with her . 
 then he 'd have to keep himself awake somehow , or he 'd slide back into the dreams with the fae . 
 he had the feeling that the more encounters he had with oison in his dreams , the more hold the fae would have over him . 
 graham adjusted the light blanket over misty , the ceiling fan and blow of air-conditioning making the room cool . 
 out the window , he saw the sweep of shiftertown , the darkness that was desert and mountains beyond , the moon , even fuller than last night , and six shifters waiting for his attention at the edge of his front yard . 
 they were all lupines , five male and one female-three clan leaders and three seconds . 
 one of the leaders was from a clan from graham 's elko shiftertown ; the other two had been living here under eric . 
 graham growled in his throat , left misty , who 'd drifted off to sleep , grabbed a fresh pair of sweatpants and t-shirt , and went downstairs and outside . 
 the lupines had n't moved into the yard-this was graham 's territory , and they would n't approach without invitation . 
 they 'd stand at the edge of the sidewalk instead , willing him out by sheer force of glare . 
 the leader of the elko clan took one step forward . 
 he 'd probably lost the coin toss as to who got to address graham and risk being attacked without mercy . 
 graham stopped in the middle of his yard , remaining firmly on his territory and not inviting them in . 
 `` what the hell is this ? '' 
 `` are you going to mate with the human ? '' 
 the elko clan leader , norval , said . 
 he inhaled , the hot nevada wind easily carrying to him graham 's scent and everything he 'd done with misty . 
 `` we saw you . '' 
 graham folded his arms . 
 `` ca n't a shifter get sucked off in his own kitchen without his neighbors having a meeting about it ? 
 it 's my business who i mate with . '' 
 `` a lupine , you said , '' norval went on . 
 he 'd gone white about the mouth , and graham smelled his fear , but norval was angry enough to stand and not run away . 
 `` you got us down here with the promise that you 'd take a lupine mate from my clan or the las vegas ones . 
 i can barely hold my clan together , mcneil . 
 they 're ready to shove you out of power unless you start your dynasty . '' 
 `` i got you down here any way i could , because the humans were forcing us to leave , '' graham said . 
 `` if i did n't agree that all my shithead lupines would get on the buses and haul their asses to this shiftertown , the humans were going to round us up and kill us all . 
 humanely , they said . 
 only humans could name a kind of killing after themselves . 
 notice they only apply it to animals . '' 
 during the speech , the others moved uneasily . 
 the sole woman , the second to one of the las vegas lupine clan leaders , was the only one who kept still , her gaze on graham . 
 females tended to be braver than males . 
 `` you need to choose , '' the woman said . 
 `` i wo n't choose you , muriel , '' graham said . 
 `` you 're a total bitch . '' 
 he kept his tone and stance casual , as though his clan leaders ganging up on him meant nothing to him . 
 inside , graham 's heart was pounding , his mouth dry with the incessant thirst , his body heat high from the near-sex he 'd had with misty . 
 he was drowning in feelings for her , mixed with annoyance at his shifters and fear of what the fae was doing to him . 
 `` i would n't touch you , graham , '' muriel returned . 
 `` i 'm already in a mate agreement . '' 
 with another poor lupine in graham 's clan . 
 an agreement they called it . 
 she 'd made the lupine do that instead of outright mate-claim her , because muriel wanted to keep her options open , in case she got a better offer . 
 `` there are four unmated lupine females among our three clans , '' norval said . 
 `` we expect you to choose one before the end of our first year in this shiftertown . 
 such was your promise . '' 
 `` things have changed . '' 
 graham had been convinced once upon a time that any dilution of shifter blood weakened the pack and could drag down an entire clan . 
 but since moving here , he 'd found his old ideas rearranging themselves . 
 he 'd met iona , the half-human , half-shifter woman eric had mated with . 
 he 'd bet iona could wipe up all six of these lupines and have energy left over to take on graham . 
 graham did n't bring this up , because all shifters had agreed not to talk about iona 's half shifterness . 
 but they knew . 
 `` you need to decide , '' norval said . 
 `` the clan leaders are n't going to wait forever . '' 
 graham walked to norval , stepping from grass to sidewalk , effectively leaving his territory to face norval and the others on neutral ground . 
 he did n't need territory advantage to intimidate . 
 `` that 's right , '' graham said . 
 `` i decide . 
 and if i decide a human mate is the best thing for me and my clan , then you 'll have to live with it . '' 
 `` or we challenge your leadership , '' norval said . 
 `` or you challenge my leadership . '' 
 graham gave him a nod . 
 challenging a leader who endangered shifters was every shifter 's right . 
 `` but you 'd better be prepared to win . 
 and goddess knows what eric would say about it if you did win . 
 you know what an interfering ass ** le he is . '' 
 he heard growls from the las vegas lupines , anger at graham for talking about eric like that . 
 they liked eric leading them , goddess help them . 
 lupines giving themselves over to felines . 
 what 's the world coming to ? 
 `` tell you what , '' graham said . 
 `` you all go home and decide among yourselves which clan you think should be dominant . 
 because if i pick a female from one of your clans , you know that clan will increase in power . 
 i hope you 're all cool with that . 
 once you figure out which of you should outrank the other , come back and present your females . 
 then i 'll give you my final answer . '' 
 the leaders did n't look at each other , but graham saw them move a little bit apart from each other . 
 subtly . 
 that should shut them up for a while . 
 they 'd been so focused on forcing graham to make a decision-or refuse to , giving them the incentive they needed to try for a leadership grab-that they had n't thought about the fact that graham 's mate would increase dominance of her clan . 
 it was all stupid anyway , because the humans did n't like shifters changing leadership . 
 the humans thought they assigned leadership ; they 'd barely accepted graham to stay leader of his shifters . 
 eric and graham had talked long and hard to convince them that graham was best at keeping the elko shifters under control . 
 the humans wanted the shifters to live quietly and not cause trouble , so they 'd agreed . 
 shifters knew who led and who did n't , regardless of what humans thought , but they sometimes had to be covert about it . 
 `` go chew on that , '' graham said . 
 `` and stop looking in my windows . '' 
 `` you have to take a mate sooner or later , '' norval said . 
 `` you know that . '' 
 norval delivered his declaration with a sharp nod of his head , then he walked away , carefully not turning his back in graham 's direction . 
 his second drifted after him . 
 the las vegas leaders walked away too , only muriel giving graham any kind of deferential farewell . 
 graham knew norval was right . 
 if graham 's son had survived-he 'd be full-grown and powerful by now-then his shifters would n't give him so much grief about his mate . 
 eric 's choice of half-human , half-shifter iona had n't caused a murmur , because eric had jace , a strong son , plus his sister cassidy was very dominant . 
 graham had no one . 
 only dougal , his out-of-control nephew . 
 the few other members of his clan were distant relations , and several were equal in dominance with each other-no clear path to clan leadership . 
 if graham dropped dead , there would be a battle . 
 the only way to prevent it was to take a strong shifter mate and start putting out cubs . 
 the more cubs the better . 
 graham waited until the lupines had faded into the darkness , their scents growing fainter . 
 only when he knew they were truly gone did he return to the house , wanting misty . 
 he glanced up at the house and saw two small wolf faces peering down at him from the spare bedroom window . 
 little shits . 
 they were supposed to be asleep . 
 but they watched him all the way in , and he knew they 'd heard every word . 
 when he opened the door of their bedroom upstairs , kyle and matt were curled up on the bed again , head to head , tail to tail , pretending to snore . 
 misty woke to early-morning sunshine pouring through the window , a stiffness in her body , and strange satisfaction . 
 for a moment , she did n't remember where she was , then she saw she still lay in graham 's bed . 
 of graham , there was no sign . 
 the bed bore only misty 's imprint and rumpled covers . 
 graham must have slept elsewhere . 
 misty climbed out of the bed and headed for the bathroom . 
 she was completely naked and had no idea where her clothes were . 
 still downstairs in the kitchen ? 
 no , they 'd been hung over the back of a wooden chair near graham 's bedroom door . 
 well , dropped haphazardly over the wooden chair . 
 graham was n't the kind of man who sent out his lady 's clothes to be cleaned and pressed then greeted her with breakfast in bed , including a rosebud in a vase . 
 graham was himself . 
 misty had the feeling that , to him , romance was a word in an ancient , lost language . 
 the bathroom was clean though . 
 new and nice . 
 misty showered , using plain bar soap and generic shampoo . 
 no frills for the mcneils . 
 she dressed and went downstairs , hoping she could find utensils and ingredients for breakfast . 
 the kitchen was as she 'd left it , no change . 
 the cubs were n't here or frolicking in the yard . 
 they were n't in the house at all-they had n't been in bed , and no way were they in here and not making noise . 
 no one was in the house but misty . 
 no sign of graham , cubs , or dougal in the backyard or in the front . 
 they 'd left , going who-knew-where , without bothering to leave so much as a note . 
 not misty 's business , right ? 
 she should walk out , get into her borrowed car , and drive back home . 
 disappearing without saying good-bye , though , especially after what she and graham had done last night , felt wrong . 
 she wanted to see graham , to kiss him good morning , to see his smile and hear his rough-voiced teasing . 
 matt and kyle had confessed they 'd gone to a basement of an unfinished house , and from there had somehow made it to misty 's store . 
 had someone snatched them , drugged them , carried them off ? 
 and why dump them in a car outside misty 's shop ? 
 it was six o'clock , but the sun was up , the temperature already climbing . 
 in the summer , desert dwellers did anything outdoorsy early , and then stayed inside with the ac for the hot afternoon . 
 if graham wanted to explore the scene of the crime in daylight , he 'd have done it now . 
 not her business , misty repeated silently . 
 oh , screw it . 
 misty wanted to know whatever it was they found . 
 she cared about the cubs too , no denying it . 
 she cared about dougal and graham , and her shifter friends . 
 misty was in this now , no going back , no matter how much she and graham danced back and forth on their relationship . 
 misty put on her sandals and walked outside through the kitchen door . 
 a step led down into a backyard with a patch of grass and a path connecting it to a common area between the houses . 
 unlike many of the neighborhoods in las vegas , a block wall did not surround every yard in shiftertown . 
 graham had told her shifters did n't need walls . 
 each shifter knew where his territory ended and another shifter 's began . 
 if humans had as good a sense of smell as shifters did , he said , they would n't need walls either . 
 misty stepped into the common area and headed toward the first unfinished house she saw down the way . 
 two seconds later , a woman was in front of her , one tall and gray-eyed , her dark hair a bit shaggy . 
 a lupine , misty guessed . 
 she eyed misty coldly , and misty stopped . 
 `` stay away from graham , '' the woman said . 
 misty hid a sigh . 
 facing jealous females was not something she liked to do . 
 it always made her feel twelve years old , confronting a mean girl in the school cafeteria . 
 `` that 's for me and graham to decide , '' misty said . 
 `` no , it is n't . '' 
 the lupine woman came close , invading misty 's personal space . 
 shifters did that when they decided they were dominant to you . 
 graham did it all the time . 
 `` graham mates for the good of his clan , for shiftertown , '' the woman said . 
 `` you 're not good for us . 
 so go away . '' 
 `` he is n't mating with me . '' 
 the woman inhaled , her eyes narrowing . 
 misty knew she 'd washed thoroughly with the deodorant soap , but shifters had phenomenal senses of smell . 
 they could strip scent down into layers and time , like archeologists uncovering civilizations . 
 `` you reek of sex and his seed . 
 do n't lie with him again . 
 a by-blow will help no one . 
 might even hurt you . '' 
 misty had also learned that when faced with a mean girl , she should look said girl straight in the eye and not back down . 
 sometimes this had led to misty getting beaten up , but she 'd always fought back with gusto , which had earned her a little respect . 
 `` i 'm not sure i like that you know what graham 's seed smells like , '' misty said . 
 `` but it does n't matter . 
 it 's graham 's business , and mine . 
 not yours . '' 
 `` that 's what you think , bitch . '' 
 so some of the mean girls in the cafeteria had said . 
 but those girls had n't had shifter strength , or the huge , clawed hands that now came at misty 's face . 
 misty ducked , shielding herself with her arms , hoping she could fend off the woman and not die . 
 but the blow never came . 
 misty peeked out from under her arm , and found dougal shoving the woman backward , his face half shifted to wolf , his claws extended , his voice guttural . 
 `` do n't touch her . '' 
 `` stay out of this , cub , '' the woman snarled . 
 `` not cub . 
 not anymore . 
 she 's graham 's . 
 you touch her , you answer to him . '' 
 the woman had stopped , also half changed to wolf . 
 her growl was furious , but misty saw her realize that dougal had a point . 
 graham never bothered with calm negotiation when he was angry . 
 `` tell graham she 's got to go , '' the woman said , her voice harsh . 
 `` if the other lupines decide to take her out , there 's nothing he can do . '' 
 take her out ? 
 not something misty wanted to hear . 
 with a final sneer , the lupine woman receded to human form and jogged away . 
 dougal , also back to his human shape , returned to misty . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 misty dragged in a breath . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` tell uncle graham i saved your ass , all right ? '' 
 dougal said . 
 `` he thinks i 'm a complete wuss . 
 if you 're looking for him , follow me . 
 i know where he is . '' 
 chapter sixteen graham peered around the darkness of the dug-out basement once the cubs had figured out which house they 'd been exploring . 
 they 'd taken a while deciding , which had involved dashing back and forth , running in circles around graham , and sitting on their small wolf butts and howling . 
 finally the two agreed that they 'd been exploring the basement in the second unfinished house from the end . 
 the stud walls had been raised on the main floor , and now workers were putting in the plumbing and other pipes needed to fit the houses for modern living . 
 the basements were a secret . 
 most houses in this city were built on solid concrete slabs , with wiring and pipes in the walls and ceiling . 
 basements around here could fill with noxious gasses , not to mention desert creatures looking for places to nest . 
 shifter basements were different though , whole other worlds . 
 shifters had dug out the basements of these houses at night , using equipment iona made sure her construction workers left behind . 
 they hid the evidence by constructing a solid ceiling that could be reinforced enough to take the concrete slab and weight of the house later . 
 shifters had been building secret places for centuries . 
 territory could be invaded by other shifter clans or encroached upon by humans at any time , so they 'd made sure they had places to go to ground and survive , and to keep their most important treasures safe . 
 to invade another shifter 's secret territory could be death to the invader . 
 it had been in the old days . 
 most shifters , however , were n't foolish enough to try to enter another 's secret hideaway , sensitive to the fact that they had their own hideaways to guard . 
 cubs , on the other hand , needed to be taught . 
 these basements were n't finished yet , and held no secrets . 
 but the shifters who moved in here would be itchy for a long time because of the scents graham and the cubs were leaving . 
 and dougal 's and misty 's scents . 
 graham smelled them coming , even before he heard misty 's light footsteps as she climbed down the ladder . 
 dougal was more surefooted and quiet , but he was talking . 
 to misty . 
 the usually silent , sullen dougal was talking to a female . 
 but then , dougal and misty were about the same age . 
 misty acted much older than dougal , but humans matured quickly . 
 had to . 
 graham waited for them to catch up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 misty gave him the look that said he was hopeless . 
 `` i was worried about you and the cubs . 
 there 's a fae on the loose , remember ? '' 
 `` i know , '' graham said in a hard voice . 
 `` exactly why i left you safely in my house . 
 which you 're going back to now . '' 
 misty folded her arms , which pushed up her br ** sts under her little tank top . 
 `` you know , when i was growing up and raising paul , he had a favorite saying when i told him what to do too often . '' 
 graham wrenched his gaze from her br ** sts and moved it to her face . 
 `` i 'm going to regret asking what it was , are n't i ? '' 
 `` he 'd say , you 're not the boss of me . '' 
 `` that 's funny . '' 
 graham came close to her . 
 the nearness of her almost knocked him over . 
 he needed her . 
 needed to touch , to taste , to feel her under him . 
 `` guess what ? 
 when you 're a guest in shiftertown , i am the boss of you . 
 dougal , take her back home . '' 
 instead of leaping to obey , dougal stood his ground and put on his obstinate face . 
 `` tell him , misty . '' 
 misty blinked at dougal , her angry look fading . 
 `` you mean now ? '' 
 `` tell him . 
 i 'm tired of him treating me like a cub . '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 graham 's voice echoed through the basement . 
 the wolf cubs stopped their frantic running around and sat down again . 
 misty was calm as could be . 
 `` that dougal is not a wuss . 
 he saved my life . '' 
 graham 's fears roared to the surface . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 `` jan was sniffing around , '' dougal said . 
 `` she tried to go at misty . 
 i stopped her . '' 
 graham stilled . 
 dougal 's fists clenched , and he looked shaky and sick , but he was alive and whole , not a pulp of shifter dust on the ground . 
 `` i bet muriel sent her , '' graham said , but distantly . 
 `` probably , '' dougal said . 
 `` misty stood up to her though . 
 told her to stay out of your business . '' 
 graham pinned misty with a hard stare . 
 she stared right back at him , straight into his eyes . 
 graham did n't like lesser beings who met his gaze , but misty always had . 
 he 'd cut her some slack because she was human and did n't understand what the gesture meant , but the fact that she could do it intrigued him . 
 not many humans could withstand graham 's stare . 
 `` did you look at jan when you said that to her ? '' 
 graham asked misty . 
 `` the way you look at me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 misty 's brows drew down in puzzlement . 
 `` where else would i be looking ? 
 the trees ? 
 she was ready to pounce on me-i thought i should keep my eye on her . '' 
 graham relaxed a little , his worry receding even if his thirst did n't . 
 `` dougal . '' 
 dougal flushed , but his eyes held defiance . 
 `` i 'm not apologizing to jan. '' misty looked perplexed . 
 `` why should dougal apologize ? 
 jan was the one threatening me . 
 dougal was just trying to help . 
 never let a bully get away with it , i always say . 
 they 'll just bully you some more . '' 
 graham laid his large hand on dougal 's shoulder and yanked the young man into a hard hug . 
 dougal was shaking , but his shakes lessened as graham held him close . 
 graham released him after a few moments and patted his shoulders again . 
 dougal stepped back , wiping his eyes , but he stood a little straighter . 
 misty had her hands on her hips . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 `` dougal went up in dominance , '' graham said . 
 `` thank you , misty . '' 
 misty was staring at him again . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 `` gave him the opportunity . 
 and you showed your dominance too . 
 i 'm proud of both of you . '' 
 misty kept staring . 
 any other shifter would blush and show their pride at his praise . 
 misty only looked bewildered . 
 `` this is a shifter thing i do n't understand , is n't it ? '' 
 graham put his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` let me put it this way-you 've just made my life a little easier . 
 if jan let herself get out-dominated by a human and a cub past his transition , her alpha might keep her mating needs away from me . '' 
 jan 's father was ambitious , which was why he 'd sent jan over to graham 's to fight him and `` lose , '' so graham would show his dominance by sexing her . 
 nice try . 
 `` anyway , '' misty said , as though the very important issue had been a side note . 
 `` is this the basement the cubs found ? 
 it 's dark down here . 
 anyone bring a flashlight ? '' 
 dougal snorted . 
 `` humans . '' 
 `` she 's a guest , '' graham said firmly . 
 moving up in dominance did not mean dougal got to be a rude shit . 
 `` look around for ones the humans might have left . '' 
 dougal growled a little , but he walked away , the cubs scampering after him . 
 `` misty , '' graham said . 
 misty stood her ground . 
 she 'd moved her hands from her hips to fold them across her chest again . 
 `` i 'm not going back . '' 
 `` i know you 're not , because you 're an obstinate human woman who does n't understand danger . '' 
 graham stepped close to her , unable to keep himself from her any longer . 
 her scent filled him , her honey-spice that was even stronger after last night 's intimacy . 
 she 'd bathed , but if she thought rubbing herself with the soap he used every day made her scent more distant , she was wrong . 
 now she smelled like him , his house , his bed , things that were a part of him . 
 misty looked up at him , her brown eyes filled with uncertainty , confusion , and determination all mixed together . 
 he liked that she could follow many trains of thought at once . 
 lupine women could be boringly single-minded . 
 graham had to kiss her . 
 could n't stop himself . 
 her eyes softened as graham bent to her , her lips parting for his . 
 misty 's hands went to his chest , fingertips pressing into his shirt as graham cupped her shoulders and pulled her up to him . 
 as soon as their lips touched , graham 's determined gentleness evaporated . 
 he needed her . 
 pushing her away had grown too difficult , which scared the hell out of him . 
 misty tasted of minty toothpaste , and herself . 
 graham opened her mouth with his , pressing her into his arms . 
 he wanted her now , on the ground , in the dirt , her legs wrapped around him . 
 he 'd slide deep inside her and not come out until he 'd satisfied himself again and again . 
 the longing swirled in his brain and through his body . 
 her kiss was as needy as his , but more tender . 
 misty kissed him for kissing 's sake , as though she did n't care if it led to anything else . 
 she simply liked kissing him . 
 graham liked kissing her . 
 he licked behind her lower lip , caught her tongue between his teeth and gently bit . 
 misty laughed when he let go , then graham scooped her up to him and started again . 
 misty 's body flowed into his , she softening to fit every plane of him . 
 graham ran his hands down her back to her bu ** ocks under her loose skirt . 
 firm and sweet , like her , but soft enough for caresses . 
 her br ** sts flattened against his chest , unfettered behind her tank top . 
 she had n't bothered to put on her bra this morning . 
 shifter women rarely wore bras , so the fact misty had left hers off should n't have shot graham 's c ** k into the hardest hard-on he 'd had since ... well , since last night . 
 he skimmed his hands inside her shirt , graham 's kiss intensifying as he drew his palms up to cup her br ** sts . 
 warm , beautiful woman met his hands , her skin satiny , the slightest bit damp from her shower . 
 he closed two fingers around each of her firm ni ** les , his c ** k fiery hot . 
 misty had defied a shifter woman for him . 
 she had guts behind her sweet smile , and it made graham 's body hotter than august sunshine . 
 graham broke the kiss to lick her throat . 
 bite it . 
 the mark he 'd left on her shoulder showed outside the strap of her tank top . 
 graham suckled her there again , darkening the mark . 
 so all shifters would know to back off . 
 even better , he breathed out onto her skin , scent-marking her . 
 for her protection , he told himself , so the horny , mate-needing male shifters of shiftertown would n't run after her . 
 they 'd know graham protected her , and back off , unless they wanted to fight him for her . 
 but he knew , even as he did it , that the scent-marking was more than just for her protection . 
 graham was proclaiming that misty was his and his alone . 
 he 'd been denying this to himself since he 'd met her , but here in the unfinished , dusty basement , he knew . 
 he wanted misty , and no other , as his mate . 
 `` my life is screwed up , '' he said softly . 
 misty touched his face , turning him to her . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` what am i going to do ? '' 
 graham asked , half to himself . 
 `` i ca n't stay away from you . '' 
 for answer , she kissed him , sweet and fiery . 
 graham tenderly squeezed her br ** sts , his hands still inside her shirt , the warm goodness of her coming through his touch . 
 graham wrapped his foot around her bare ankle . 
 one tug , and she 'd go down . 
 he 'd guide her , holding her , so she 'd never fall , but only lie down while he came over her . 
 he 'd start making love to her by peeling off her clothes and licking her body , then he 'd spread her legs with his hand and slide into her . 
 goddess and god , he wanted that . 
 a light shone full in his face . 
 the sudden glare after the fine darkness with misty hurt his eyes . 
 bloody hell . 
 `` i found flashlights , '' dougal announced . 
 the cubs , still wolves , sat on their haunches , looking interested to know why graham had his hands up misty 's shirt . 
 `` good . '' 
 graham casually removed his touch from misty 's br ** sts , as though not worried dougal and the cubs had caught him groping her . 
 misty did n't look worried , but amused graham was embarrassed . 
 `` give one to misty . 
 and do n't shine the lights in my face-i do n't need to be night-blinded . '' 
 `` thank you , '' misty said graciously to dougal as she took the lantern flashlight . 
 the large , square glare lit up the corner of the basement . 
 dougal smiled back at her . 
 he was going to hero-worship her , it looked like . 
 graham glared down at matt and kyle . 
 `` all right , you little shits , where were you exploring ? '' 
 graham kept hold of misty 's hand as they walked deeper into the basement . 
 his grip was strong ; she was n't getting away . 
 his touch had been gentleness itself when they 'd kissed , as though he 'd been holding back his power to be tender with her . 
 misty loved that about graham-his ability to soften himself when he needed to , to take care of the cubs , to help dougal , to caress misty . 
 everything he did made misty fall for him a little more . 
 the cubs wanted to rush into the darkness , and only graham 's commands kept them close . 
 misty shone her light in front of her feet so she would n't trip , but she knew the cubs could see well without it . 
 shifters had good night vision and only needed the faintest glow . 
 the basement was enormous . 
 it was more of a dugout , with rock and desert earth still above them rather than joists to support the next floor . 
 as they walked forward , the bright daylight behind them quickly receded . 
 `` why is it so big ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` the house itself wo n't be this long . 
 or wide . '' 
 `` she should n't be down here , '' dougal said , a growl in his voice . 
 `` no kidding , '' graham said . 
 `` remember me yelling at you for bringing her ? 
 misty , you have to promise to keep quiet about what you see here . 
 that we 've put in basements at all . 
 all right ? 
 it 's very important . 
 could be deadly if you do n't keep it secret . '' 
 one of the wolves-kyle , she thought-came back and shifted into a boy . 
 yep , kyle . 
 `` will you punish aunt misty if she tells ? '' 
 he asked , his eyes round . 
 `` you might hurt her . 
 she 's not as strong as shifters . '' 
 `` if i think misty might tell , '' graham said , `` i 'll tie her up , chain her to my bedpost , and ... '' graham glanced at misty , his eyes in the flashlight 's glare holding wickedness . 
 `` tickle her , '' he finished . 
 kyle thought this over , perfectly serious . 
 `` that should be okay . '' 
 he shifted back into wolf and ran after his brother . 
 `` tickle ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` he means sex , '' dougal said . 
 shifter hearing-she could n't best it . 
 `` he wants sex with you in a big way . 
 he 's broadcasting it like crazy . '' 
 `` shut it , dougal , '' graham said with a growl . 
 dougal went quiet , but misty felt no contrition from him . 
 good for dougal , having fun laughing at his uncle . 
 `` matt , kyle , '' graham called . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the cubs came to an immediate halt . 
 the fact that they obeyed instantly , without question , told misty how serious the situation was . 
 graham turned in a circle , sniffing the air . 
 `` you sure this was where you were ? '' 
 one of the cubs shifted-matt this time . 
 `` we came in here . 
 we were exploring . 
 then we got dizzy . 
 then we were in the car . '' 
 `` mmm . '' 
 graham 's acknowledgment was more of a grunt . 
 `` did you hear anyone behind you ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 she imagined the hiker-the fae-creeping up behind the cubs in the dark , tranquilizing them somehow . 
 had he used a tranq gun like the one graham kept to stop shifters who got too out of control ? 
 or chloroform on a cloth ? 
 `` no , '' matt said . 
 `` there was no one down here but us . '' 
 `` if you 're thinking of the fae , '' graham said to misty . 
 `` they 'd have smelled him . 
 fae really stink . '' 
 `` does reid stink ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` i like him . '' 
 `` he does , but we 're used to him . 
 and reid 's not the same as the high fae , much as i yank his chain about it . 
 in fact , we could use him here . 
 dougal . '' 
 dougal turned around , his laughter gone , the defiant nephew returning . 
 `` oh , come on , why do i always have to run the errands ? 
 find flashlights , fetch reid . 
 like i 'm your bloody servant . '' 
 `` winning one dominance fight does n't make you pack leader , '' graham said , voice going harsh . 
 `` you do these things for me because that 's what a good second does . '' 
 dougal stopped , blinking gray eyes in the lantern light . 
 `` second ? 
 i thought chisholm was your second . '' 
 `` i had n't decided . 
 but i want to keep it in the family , do n't i ? 
 you 're my tracker too , which means you do things to support me . '' 
 the look on dougal 's face was stunned , turning radiant by the time graham finished . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 his shout rang around the large basement . 
 `` i 'll get him . 
 i mean , i 'm on it . 
 be right back . '' 
 dougal bounded toward the light part of the basement . 
 he whooped and punched the air , then scrambled up the ladder to the ground with amazing agility . 
 `` that was nice of you , '' misty said . 
 `` huh . 
 it was n't nice . 
 i 'm making him my pack and clan second , because i 'm seeing that he 's the only one i can trust . '' 
 graham watched until dougal disappeared into the daylight , then he turned back to the darkness . 
 `` i 'm going to need to go wolf now . 
 will you be all right if i do ? '' 
 chapter seventeen graham was asking her . 
 showing concern . 
 not , i 'm doing this ; too bad if you do n't like it . 
 this was new . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' misty said , warming . 
 `` good . 
 you can carry my clothes . '' 
 figures . 
 `` should n't you wait for dougal and reid ? '' 
 misty asked as graham pulled off his shirt . 
 his hard chest came into view in her flashlight 's glare , wiry hair curling across it . 
 `` i want to know what we 're getting into . 
 this basement goes back another fifty feet or so . 
 dougal will find us . '' 
 graham yanked open the ties on his boots and pulled them off and his socks . 
 then , without shame , he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and took them off , the loose gray boxers underneath following . 
 graham wore his nakedness with the same comfort others wore their workout clothes . 
 he stood easily with his feet in the gravelly dirt as he balled up his pants and shirt and thrust them at misty . 
 misty immediately shook them out and folded them neatly , pretending to ignore graham rolling his eyes . 
 she tucked the clothes under her arm but left the boots and socks , because graham seemed fine on his bare feet . 
 in the light of her bright flashlight , graham started his change . 
 fur rippled along his back and down his legs , his thighs bending to become the haunches of an upright wolf . 
 his hands became giant paws very quickly , fur running up his arms , across his chest , and up his throat . 
 finally , his face changed to the long nose and glittering gray eyes of a wolf . 
 his ears pricked out last , popping up from his head so quickly that misty let out a laugh . 
 graham growled and charged her . 
 misty squealed and tried to sidestep , but graham barreled into her . 
 at the last minute , he pulled back the attack , ending up brushing her legs , his fur wonderfully warm . 
 misty stroked him , loving the wiry heat of his fur , the strength of his wolf 's body beneath it . 
 graham made a noise of what sounded like satisfaction , flowed around her again , and away . 
 the wolf cubs ran for graham , yipping in gladness . 
 they jumped at graham 's nose and rammed small heads into his front legs , until graham lowered his head and bumped each in turn with his muzzle . 
 family , acknowledging family , misty realized . 
 that was the most important thing , when it came down to it . 
 family taking care of each other , as misty had taken care of paul and her father , as graham took care of dougal and the cubs . 
 graham growled at matt and kyle , and they seemed to understand him . 
 they scooted underneath his belly , graham so large that they had plenty of room . 
 graham started forward , the cubs giving a series of yelps . 
 guiding him in the right direction , misty thought . 
 she came behind , careful not to shine the light in front of graham . 
 once they 'd gone a few more yards , the darkness was complete . 
 misty could n't even see the square of light from outside behind her . 
 graham stopped , and misty nearly ran into him . 
 he started again as soon as she drew near his big back , and he rumbled at her . 
 she interpreted that he wanted her to stay close . 
 another few steps , and she began to feel dizzy . 
 the cubs whimpered . 
 graham stopped , and this time , misty did run into him . 
 misty put her hand on graham 's strong back , taking comfort in him . 
 the cubs were whining louder , scared . 
 the flashlight 's light snapped off . 
 misty shook the flashlight , but it was dead . 
 darkness fell upon her like a shroud . 
 her first instinct was panic , but she had graham 's warm body under her hands . 
 she was safe . 
 graham could see in the dark , and he 'd protect her . 
 graham abruptly whipped around and snarled at her . 
 somewhere a glint of light shone on his eyes , or maybe his eyes glowed of their own accord . 
 she saw his white teeth , all of them , bared . 
 the sight was terrifying-eyes and teeth , snarls of a mad wolf . 
 graham 's wolf face shifted into a monster form , even more terrifying . 
 he was snarling even as he changed . 
 `` go back ! '' 
 he yelled at her . 
 `` run ! '' 
 now was not the time to ask why or tell him again he was n't the boss of her . 
 graham knew something she did n't , down here in the darkness , and misty was ready to take his advice . 
 she turned in the direction of where she thought the basement opening should be , and fled . 
 after three steps , she slipped , the floor having become slick for some reason , and went down , rocks cutting her knees beneath her skirt . 
 it hurt , but was n't incapacitating . 
 she scrambled up , heart beating wildly . 
 graham snarled again , a wolf once more , and misty kept running . 
 this time , she made it five steps before another wave of dizziness hit her . 
 she had no idea whether she fell to her knees or flat on her face , because there was just ... nothing . 
 except graham 's insistent voice , his hand on her abdomen . 
 `` misty . 
 misty , damn it . 
 wake up . '' 
 misty opened her eyes . 
 the first thing she saw was graham , his scarred face and broken nose over her , his gray eyes fixed on her . 
 `` thank the goddess , '' he said in relief . 
 `` i thought - '' graham clamped his mouth shut . 
 his eyes , though , completed the thought and showed pain . 
 it was light where they were-lighter , anyway . 
 misty heard water running , a cool , soothing sound , but not from a faucet . 
 more outdoorsy . 
 more like ... misty sat up , taking in a sharp breath . 
 the wolf cubs were huddled together next to graham , silent and shaking . 
 they sat on slick rock , in a dim , cool cave , which was enormous . 
 vines snaked around them , out of reach , bearing small scarlet , purple , and light blue flowers . 
 misty swallowed . 
 `` trailing petunias . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the flowers . '' 
 misty pointed . 
 `` they 're trailing petunias . 
 grow on vines instead of in clumps . '' 
 `` oh , good , '' graham said . 
 `` i needed to know that . '' 
 the water trickled pleasantly , but the sound put a chill in misty 's heart . 
 they were in the cave where misty had first met the hiker . 
 graham was naked , sitting on the black ground , his arms around misty . 
 she 'd lost hold of his clothes , which were nowhere in sight . 
 `` how did we get here ? '' 
 misty asked , pushing her hair from her face . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i have n't the faintest f ** king idea . 
 i got dizzy , went down , woke up here . 
 the cubs were fine , but you would n't wake up . '' 
 misty swallowed . 
 she did n't have the needy thirst anymore , but the water called to her . 
 lovely . 
 cool . 
 drink . 
 she gave graham a sharp look . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` i did n't drink it , do n't worry . '' 
 misty blew out a breath . 
 `` good . '' 
 graham moved his tongue over his lips , but they remained dry . 
 since the ordeal in the desert , misty had n't seen him drink anything except a few sips of coffee , and the water he 'd licked so erotically from her . 
 she had n't seen him sleep either . 
 `` we are n't dreaming , are we ? '' 
 graham shook his head . 
 `` do n't think so . 
 it feels real , smells too real . 
 that 's good . '' 
 `` good ? 
 why good ? '' 
 he gave her a grim smile . 
 `` because if oison shows up , this time i 'll kill him for real . '' 
 misty put her hand on his , finding his skin fever hot . 
 `` we need to fix you . 
 you 'll die like this . '' 
 `` not if i kill the fae first . '' 
 `` but what if even that does n't release you from the spell ? 
 i never got to tell you about ben . '' 
 `` ben ? '' 
 graham asked sharply . 
 `` who 's ben ? '' 
 misty related what had happened the afternoon before , paul bringing ben to her office and what ben had said . 
 graham listened , eyes narrowing . 
 `` like i said , who the hell is ben ? '' 
 he asked when she finished . 
 `` i do n't know , but if he has a legitimate way of curing you , i 'm willing to listen to him . '' 
 graham gave her a dark look . 
 `` you 're too trusting . 
 how do you know he was n't fae ? '' 
 misty shrugged . 
 `` he did n't look fae . 
 not like the hiker , anyway . 
 or like reid . '' 
 `` yeah , well , half fae can look very human and be just as deadly , rotten , jerk-ass bastards . '' 
 `` like i said , i do n't know , '' misty said , holding on to her patience . 
 `` i asked cassidy to have diego check him out , but i have n't heard back yet . '' 
 `` and it 's not like i have a cell phone on me now , '' graham rumbled . 
 `` you did n't happen to bring one , did you ? '' 
 `` i left it at your house , '' misty said . 
 `` anyway , they did n't work out here before . '' 
 `` before , we were in the desert north of las vegas . 
 are we there now ? '' 
 `` have you tried to find out ? '' 
 `` look around you , '' graham said . 
 `` see a way out ? '' 
 when misty had been in this cave before , she 'd approached the fountain from the entrance between the rocks , then turned around and went back the way she 'd come . 
 but the cave was gigantic . 
 she could n't tell if she was in the same place she 'd been before or not . 
 `` how did we get in here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you ca n't expect me to believe shifters dug a basement that leads fifty miles out of town . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 graham tilted his head to gaze at the ceiling , which was lost in darkness . 
 `` i think it 's on a ley line . '' 
 `` a what line ... ? '' 
 `` ley line , '' graham said . 
 `` magical lines that radiate around the world , many with gateways to faerie . 
 the sucky thing is , shiftertowns are sometimes built on ley lines . 
 the austin shiftertown has one . 
 my shiftertown in elko did n't , but bowman 's in north carolina does . 
 i did n't think the vegas one did ; but i know there 's a ley line up by hoover dam . 
 probably the same one or a branch of it . '' 
 misty listened in surprise . 
 `` why would shifters build on the ley lines if they 're gates to faerie ? 
 i thought you hated the fae . '' 
 graham moved his gaze to her , while he absently petted the cubs , who were still huddled against him . 
 `` we did n't build the shiftertowns , did we ? 
 we were sent to them . 
 not our choice . 
 probably another fae conspiracy-they 've been trying from the beginning to make shifters slaves to them . 
 but i 'm not letting dougal or these little guys ever come under the fae . 
 fae are cruel , evil shits , and we should eradicate them . '' 
 `` i am pained to hear it . '' 
 misty jumped . 
 the tall fae who 'd been the hiker stood behind graham , a long sword in his hands . 
 he had n't been there a moment ago , and he had n't appeared with a bang or even a faint sparkle . 
 one moment he 'd not been there , and this moment , he was . 
 the cubs were on their feet . 
 but instead of cringing against graham , they were snapping and snarling at oison . 
 graham let out a sudden groan and clamped his hand to his side , right where he 'd been shot . 
 to misty 's horror , the wound began to flow with blood . 
 graham sat in silence after the first grunt of pain , but his face lost color as the blood poured out . 
 misty was on her feet . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 `` he was only cured of the wound because of me , '' oison said calmly . 
 `` i can reverse the spell anytime i wish . '' 
 `` was n't a cure , '' graham said through his teeth . 
 `` a curse , more like it . '' 
 `` i helped you , shifter , '' oison said . 
 `` i took away the pain . 
 i stopped the bleeding and ensured you did n't take sick . 
 that is not a curse . 
 that is me helping the being i wish to see at my side . 
 what i did is no different from you keeping your nephew safe from the wolves who torment him , or the cubs from predators . 
 i look after my own . '' 
 `` do n't even ... '' graham rose to his feet , holding his side all the while . 
 it pained him to stand , but he shook off misty 's hand and got himself upright . 
 `` do n't pretend you 're my pack leader or anything like it . 
 you know damn all about being a leader . '' 
 `` and you know everything about it , which is why i want you . '' 
 graham dragged in a breath . 
 `` well , i do n't want you , ass ** le . '' 
 graham changed to his wolf so suddenly misty blinked , and at the same time he leapt at oison . 
 oison lifted his sword , and brought it down ... `` no ! '' 
 misty screamed . 
 she knocked into graham . 
 she could n't impact much of his momentum , but she managed to change his path so the sword did n't reach him . 
 the blade scraped across misty 's side as oison swung it , biting deep before the fae yanked it back . 
 she heard snarling , huge and ferocious from graham , small and vicious from the cubs . 
 then pain . 
 nothing but pain . 
 it flooded her body , blotting out all sight , all sound , all other feeling . 
 she must have fallen , but misty did n't register it , only found herself facedown on shining black rock . 
 she heard cries of agony she did n't realize she was making . 
 kyle licked her nose , yipping in distress . 
 graham was roaring , his blood splashing down on her , or maybe that was her blood . 
 the pain was complete , erasing past and future , any pleasure misty had ever experienced . 
 there was nothing but hurting , and she 'd never feel anything but pain again . 
 the fae shouted , and dimly misty heard a clatter of his sword . 
 graham 's snarling went on , and then his body landed next to hers , human once more , blood pouring out of him . 
 he got to his hands and knees and put his strong hand on her head . 
 `` misty . 
 stay with me . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , '' misty said . 
 or thought she said . 
 kyle left off licking her face . 
 he joined matt , the two of them bracing themselves in front of oison , who was still standing , minus his sword . 
 oison looked angry . 
 he pointed at them , as he had in the dream . 
 `` no , '' misty whispered . 
 she had no clue what oison 's pointing finger could do-shoot fire ? 
 cast another spell ? 
 move back and forth while he admonished them ? 
 misty wanted to claw her way to the cubs , to protect them , but she could n't move . 
 graham was moving instead . 
 he was shifting as he dragged himself to the cubs , leaving a trail of blood smeared on the polished black floor . 
 he leapt at oison , his mouth wide , teeth bared . 
 oison spun out of his way nimbly , but graham followed him with great agility , his claws going for oison 's throat . 
 oison dropped , rolled across the ground , and came up with his sword in his hand . 
 the blade hummed , runes on it glowing like fire . 
 he shouted a word , pointing the sword at graham . 
 graham fell in midair , his body thumping to the rock floor with an awful sound . 
 the cubs ran to him , positioning themselves on either side of him , howling furiously . 
 oison kept shouting words misty did n't understand . 
 graham was silent , but he rocked in pain . 
 the intensity of the pain came to misty as though threads connected her with graham , squeezing her heart , making her ache for him . 
 she could stop this . 
 she could kill oison ... somehow . 
 if only she could get to her feet . 
 matt darted out and sank his teeth into oison 's boot . 
 the fae snarled and brought his sword down toward matt . 
 kyle howled . 
 misty heard a popping sound , and a wiry hand closed over oison 's wrist . 
 the chain mail shattered , and oison dropped his sword again . 
 oison swung around , face dark with rage , to face a man as tall as he was but his opposite-dark-skinned to his pale , black-haired to his white . 
 only their eyes were the same , black voids into nothing . 
 reid . 
 the name whispered through misty 's mind . 
 dougal , looking terrified , was right behind reid . 
 dougal ran to graham , but graham gave a loud growl , and dougal straightened up and hurried to misty . 
 `` you okay , misty ? 
 can you get up ? '' 
 misty could only look at him , her pain so strong even moving her eyes hurt . 
 dougal looked lost , not knowing what to do . 
 reid , on the other hand , had shoved oison away from the little group , and was grappling with him by the fountain . 
 the cubs still yapped and growled , but they 'd positioned themselves between the fight and graham and misty , as though determined to guard the fallen . 
 reid raised a weapon-a tire iron , misty 's foggy brain registered . 
 he brought it down on oison , not hitting him , but pressing it onto oison 's bare skin . 
 whatever was supposed to happen , misty did n't know . 
 reid looked surprised when oison turned and took the tire iron in both hands , tugging it away from reid . 
 oison held it up , laughing , chanting words misty did n't understand . 
 reid took a step back , scowling . 
 the two fae looked so different and yet the same-one in medieval-looking chain mail and silver cloak , reid in jeans , t-shirt , and sneakers . 
 reid raised his hands , clenched them , and shouted in a guttural language . 
 oison 's smile evaporated as the iron bar in his hands started to bend , then undulate , then came apart into dozens of tiny fragments . 
 these fragments slid out of oison 's hands , paused in midair , then dove at oison like a swarm of ferocious bees . 
 the iron particles slammed into the fae 's face and neck , cutting into him anywhere the chain mail did n't cover . 
 oison clawed at his face . 
 reid spun away from him and sprinted for misty . 
 he grabbed one cub by the scruff of the neck , fell on his knees beside misty , and wrapped his other arm around her . 
 misty screamed in pain , and then the cave went away . 
 she was lying back in the basement , under the opening to the outside world , the warm las vegas sunshine touching her like a lover 's caress . 
 chapter eighteen `` you have to save her , '' graham said . 
 he was in excruciating pain himself and could barely get the words out , but he did n't care . 
 misty lay on his bed , her eyelids fluttering as she moved into and out of consciousness . 
 reid stood on one side of her , neal ingram , the guardian , on the other , and they both looked grim . 
 reid , who possessed the very helpful skill of teleporting , had gotten them out of the cave . 
 he 'd taken misty first with one cub then popped back moments later for dougal and the second cub . 
 reid had returned a final time for graham just as oison was struggling up and groping for his sword . 
 oison 's face and neck had run with blood , the fae looking as though he 'd been stung by a thousand hornets . 
 graham had wished he did n't hurt so bad so he could laugh . 
 reid had come in with a bang , grabbed graham , and popped them both out again . 
 graham knew they 'd never have survived without reid . 
 which sucked , because now he owed reid a debt . 
 a big one . 
 but misty came first . 
 `` can you fix her ? '' 
 graham asked neal , who had some skill in healing . 
 graham did n't like the presence of neal 's sword , which leaned in the corner , glinting softly in the afternoon sunlight . 
 the guardian 's sword turned dead or dying shifters to dust , sending their souls to the summerland . 
 neal would n't use it on misty , she being human , but the reminder of loss was sharp . 
 `` i do n't know , '' neal said . 
 `` this is a fae wound , from a fae sword . 
 healing her will be different from stitching her up and putting a bandage on her . '' 
 `` but you 'll fix her , '' graham repeated in a hard voice . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 neal looked at the makeshift bandage wrapped around graham 's bare side , which was already stained with blood . 
 `` you need a healer . '' 
 `` misty first . 
 she ca n't die . '' 
 she could n't . 
 graham touched her white skin , his heart burning when her eyes flickered . 
 she was n't waking up , but not sleeping either . 
 reid said , `` a human hospital wo n't be able to help her . '' 
 `` but you can , right ? '' 
 graham demanded . 
 `` you 're fae . 
 you made iron slivers go into oison . 
 can you counteract magic from a fae sword ? '' 
 graham knew he was babbling , but watching misty lie in his bed , pale and sweating , made him sick . 
 his fault . 
 oison had wanted graham , and misty had gotten caught in between . 
 neal seemed to understand . 
 his voice was gentle , without its usual lupine growl . 
 `` the answer is , we do n't know . '' 
 `` well , what the hell good are you , then ? '' 
 reid and neal glanced at each other , neither taking offense . 
 graham was terrified , and he knew neal smelled that . 
 neal would also smell his weakness , plus the fae curse that was killing him . 
 `` the guardian 's mate in the austin shiftertown , '' neal said . 
 `` she 's a healer . 
 i 've already called her . '' 
 `` she 's half fae , right ? '' 
 graham stopped and took a breath as more pain flashed through his side . 
 `` that 's all we need , more effing fae . '' 
 neal did n't answer . 
 there was no reason to . 
 the woman would come , and graham would n't stop her having a look at misty . 
 graham knew things were bad when he would welcome a fae-blood 's help . 
 `` why do n't you sit down until she comes ? '' 
 reid said . 
 `` you ca n't do anything for misty standing over her , breathing on her . '' 
 `` shut it , fae . 
 she 's my mate . '' 
 neal blinked , turned his head , and pinned graham with a shifter stare . 
 guardians could get away with looking alphas in the eye , because guardians were a whole other hierarchy of shifters . 
 they followed the dominance line of their packs and clans , but they had their own rules , and they got away with shit no other shifter did . 
 graham had no idea why he 'd blurted out that misty was his mate . 
 except that it was true . 
 misty was the mate of his heart . 
 he knew it . 
 his heart knew it . 
 his brain just needed to catch up . 
 `` you 've mate-claimed her ? '' 
 neal asked . 
 `` yes . 
 right now . 
 i claim her as mate , under the sun , the father god , and in front of witnesses . 
 that would be you and reid . '' 
 neal gave graham the ghost of a smile . 
 the man was taciturn-hell , dead silent most of the time . 
 but right now he looked almost amused . 
 `` the goddess 's blessing on you , '' neal said . 
 `` both of you . 
 your lupines are going to be pissed off . '' 
 `` they can bite me . '' 
 another twitch of lips from neal . 
 `` they probably will . '' 
 `` you still need to lie down , '' reid said , giving graham a scowl . 
 `` you have a gunshot wound , freshly reopened . 
 dying of it wo n't help misty . '' 
 `` if i lie down , i 'll sleep , '' graham said . 
 `` if i sleep , i 'll dream , and oison will be there . 
 who the hell knows what he can do to me then ? '' 
 `` have you tried surrounding yourself with iron ? '' 
 reid asked . 
 `` our whole lives are surrounded by iron , '' graham said . 
 `` or steel . 
 does n't seem to help , does it ? 
 besides , you smacked him with the tire iron , and he laughed at you . 
 he should n't have been able to grab that bar , but he did . 
 he was only hurt by it because you turned it into bullets . 
 how did you do that , by the way ? '' 
 `` i 'm an ironmaster , '' reid said . 
 `` at least , i was in faerie . 
 that cave is a little piece of faerie , so i could work my magic there . 
 i can make iron do whatever i want in faerie . 
 that 's one reason the hoch alfar hate the dokk alfar . '' 
 `` i bet there 's more to it than that , '' graham said . 
 `` what i do n't get is how we got there . 
 i was n't asleep . 
 and you teleported to it . 
 i thought you had to see a place before you could teleport there . 
 but you never said you 'd been to the cave . '' 
 `` i had n't , '' reid said . 
 `` i do have to see a place , yes-unless i 'm moving along a ley line . 
 then i follow the ley line 's pull . 
 several ley lines intersect in that basement , i discovered . 
 i suggest you seal it up and build the house elsewhere . '' 
 ideas came together in graham 's head . 
 `` when the cubs disappeared down there , they must have followed a ley line that came out ... at misty 's store ? '' 
 `` i have n't had time yet , but i 'll go down and see where they all lead , '' reid said . 
 `` one goes to the cave in the desert-which can be there or not , as oison chooses , it seems . 
 he must be working some powerful spells , including ones to help him resist iron . '' 
 `` great . 
 iron is the badass magical weapon against fae , '' graham said . 
 `` without that , what have we got ? '' 
 `` spells that help resist iron are temporary , '' reid said . 
 `` and fae ca n't resist iron when it 's embedded in their brains . '' 
 neal gave a short laugh . 
 the man was opening up in a big way today . 
 `` wish i could have seen that . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i killed him , '' reid said . 
 `` since misty and graham are still hurt , i 'd say i did n't . '' 
 `` too bad , '' neal said . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 graham dragged in a breath that sent agony through him . 
 `` you can leave . 
 i 'll stay with misty until the healer gets here . '' 
 reid and neal exchanged a glance . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 neal asked . 
 `` you want me to rest . 
 i 'll rest with her . 
 but i wo n't sleep . '' 
 another glance . 
 goddess , they were like nannies . 
 finally neal took up his sword and buckled it onto his back . 
 reid gave graham a last look , and the two men left the room together . 
 `` thought we 'd never be alone . '' 
 graham sat on his big bed , swinging his legs onto the mattress and adjusting himself to lean against the headboard . 
 he wore only jeans , his feet bare , the bandage squeezing his side in an annoying way . 
 misty did n't respond . 
 her hair was sweaty and damp , still in the ponytail . 
 the first night graham had met her , at coolers , she 'd worn her hair in a softer style , with wisps curling around her forehead . 
 she 'd regarded graham with her dark brown eyes , unafraid , and asked him if he was a shifter . 
 and look what he 'd done to her . 
 misty should have run from him that night and never come back . 
 but she had come back . 
 she 'd met him the second time by chance on top of a parking garage at the county courthouse , and then she 'd sought graham out in shiftertown to tell him a bad man had asked her to spy on shifters . 
 that night , graham had kissed her for the first time . 
 he 'd never been able to forget the taste of her . 
 graham had drunk her last night as well , finding an even sweeter taste between her legs . 
 if she died , graham would force his way into faerie , hunt down oison , and chop him into a million tiny pieces . 
 misty 's wound was n't very deep , so neal had said when he 'd cleaned her up and bandaged her . 
 but with fae wounds , it did n't matter how deep they were . 
 a scratch could be deadly . 
 `` stay with me , love . '' 
 graham took her hot hand in his and caressed her limp fingers . 
 `` i ca n't let you go . '' 
 graham had lost everyone in his life . 
 his father and mother , his sister-dougal 's mother-all dead in the wild . 
 graham and dougal were the only ones left of the pack . 
 and rita had died , graham 's one cub with her . 
 alone , always alone . 
 graham had found more shifters in his clan , then they 'd been rounded up into shiftertowns , practically living on top of one another , but it made no difference . 
 a wolf without a pack was nothing . 
 but a wolf could start a pack . 
 he needed a mate , and cubs . 
 when dougal mated as well , there would be many little ones running around . 
 the idea of being alone forever terrified the hell out of graham . 
 he 'd never told anyone that . 
 `` stay with me , misty . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed her hair , squeezing her hand . 
 misty never opened her eyes , never acknowledged him . 
 she was here next to him , but graham was still alone . 
 no , not quite . 
 kyle and matt pushed the door open , concern in their wolf-pup eyes . 
 they preferred staying wolf these days , graham noted , unless they wanted to chatter to misty . 
 now they put their paws on the bed , looking up at graham 's high mattress . 
 graham lifted them both . 
 after wagging tails and pushing noses into his palm , the two cubs lay down at misty 's feet , one on either corner of the bed . 
 guarding her , graham thought . 
 guards who closed their eyes almost immediately , and started to snore . 
 misty swam toward consciousness , but that way lay pain . 
 she thought she heard her brother 's voice ... paul , i need to take care of him . 
 she was twelve again , and sick in bed with the flu , fever making her delirious . 
 her father was off pursuing one of his wild schemes , her mother was in newport beach in her new house with her new life . 
 only misty was there to take care of paul . 
 i have to get up . 
 i have to look after him . 
 but graham was there too . 
 she heard him rumbling something and relaxed . 
 if anyone could take care of paul , it was graham . 
 she heard other voices , ones she did n't know . 
 a woman with low , almost velvety tones , a man with an irish accent . 
 what were they all doing here ? 
 present reality caught up to her . 
 she 'd been stabbed , with a wound that seared , and graham had been hurt . 
 where was she ? 
 was graham all right ? 
 were the cubs ? 
 she started up to find a heavy hand pressing her back down . 
 `` stay still , '' graham said . 
 misty subsided . 
 graham sounded as strong as ever , though she heard the weakness in his voice . 
 faint , but there . 
 the pain returned . 
 pain had seeped through the darkness of her dreams , but it had been muffled , like sounds through a thick blanket . 
 now it raced over her , spreading through her body from one hot core . 
 `` the cut is n't too deep , '' the woman 's voice said . 
 `` but deep enough . 
 i can try . '' 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 graham 's voice held great suspicion . 
 `` something my father gave me . 
 he thinks it will help . '' 
 `` your fae father . '' 
 the irishman spoke . 
 `` you knew that when you called us . '' 
 graham growled something wordless . 
 `` you 're a guardian , '' he said . 
 `` why do you have to be in here ? 
 you make me nervous . '' 
 `` the sword helps , '' the woman answered in soothing tones . 
 `` sean and i do this together . 
 if you want her to get better , you have to stand over there and be quiet . '' 
 misty wanted to laugh , but it hurt too much . 
 graham hated being told what to do , especially by a female . 
 the irishman , who must be sean , gave a low chuckle . 
 `` i 'll let no harm come to her . 
 andrea knows what she 's doing . 
 now i 'm going to draw the sword , but i promise , i 'm not stabbing anyone with it . '' 
 a faint ting as metal touched metal . 
 then a touch on misty 's side . 
 she cried out , cringing away , as pain intensified . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 graham said immediately . 
 `` calm down . '' 
 andrea 's voice again . 
 `` i can see the spells . 
 they 're complex , a mesh . 
 it will take a bit for me to untangle them . '' 
 `` just do it , '' graham rumbled . 
 `` she will , '' the irishman said . 
 `` stop interrupting . '' 
 graham made another noise of impatience , but he subsided . 
 he must be truly worried if he actually shut up . 
 misty felt the cold of animal noses touching her arm . 
 little noses . 
 two of them . 
 she wanted to smile , but could n't move . 
 and then more pain . 
 misty started to scream . 
 she heard the sounds come out of her throat , hoarse and cracked . 
 another touch , this one graham 's big , rough-skinned hand holding hers . 
 `` easy , '' graham said , so gently misty was surprised it was he who spoke . 
 `` easy , now . '' 
 misty tried to lie still , but the pain pulled her . 
 she writhed , only to find graham 's warm strength holding her down . 
 `` poor lady , '' sean said . 
 andrea drew a breath . 
 `` ready . '' 
 `` aye , love . '' 
 did that mean they had n't started ? 
 dear god , how much more could misty take ? 
 she forced her eyes open a crack . 
 sitting beside her bed was a dark-haired woman with gray eyes and a lovely face . 
 she had one hand on misty 's side , the other wrapped around the blade of a sword that looked much like oison 's . 
 misty saw the runes on the silver metal , which began to glow . 
 the sword 's hilt was held by a man with black hair and very blue eyes . 
 he had his arm around andrea , his free hand resting over hers on misty . 
 andrea closed her eyes and tilted her head back , drawing in another breath . 
 sean kept his hand steady on andrea 's . 
 graham lay half on top of misty , his short hair tickling her chin . 
 his hard hands held her arms in place . 
 the wolf cubs were beside misty 's head , peering worriedly into her face . 
 it 's all right , misty wanted to reassure them . 
 but she was n't certain it would be . 
 another wave of pain , white-hot . 
 she thought she was being sliced in half . 
 the screams came again . 
 graham tightened his grip on her , and one of the cubs whimpered and licked her cheek . 
 andrea 's head went farther back , her eyes moving as though she watched something behind her lids . 
 `` now , sean , '' she whispered . 
 sean removed his hand from andrea 's . 
 he reached for something out of misty 's line of sight , then clamped what felt like a poultice to misty 's side , andrea at the last minute moving her hand to rest it now on top of sean 's . 
 misty thought she was dying . 
 the agony reached a peak , beyond which there was no feeling . 
 after a very long time , she heard graham again , his voice harsh . 
 `` it 's not working . '' 
 `` patience , '' sean said , but andrea drew a breath . 
 `` he 's right , '' she said . 
 i do n't want to hear that , misty thought frantically . 
 i want everyone surprised but happy i 'm alive . 
 `` move . '' 
 graham again , his weight rocking misty . 
 `` let me . '' 
 `` no , you do n't know - '' sean began , but graham cut him off . 
 `` tell me what to do . 
 what is this stuff ? '' 
 andrea answered . 
 `` fae ... medicine . '' 
 `` yeah , do n't reassure me . 
 why is it hurting her so much ? '' 
 `` the fae magic in her is fighting it , '' andrea answered . 
 `` it 's strong . '' 
 `` i 'm stronger . '' 
 graham 's voice was rough , breathy . 
 `` misty , love . '' 
 he wrapped his hard fingers around hers . 
 `` hold on to me . 
 tight as you can . 
 and fight . 
 fight it for me , sweetheart . '' 
 misty had no strength to fight . 
 nothing . 
 she did n't want to die , but right now living was so , so tiring . 
 graham 's large hand went to her side , and he pressed a cloth filled with something over the sword cut . 
 misty half sat up , trying to scream again , but her voice had gone . 
 her vision was blurred , but she saw andrea and sean collapsed onto a couch pulled to the bed , holding each other . 
 matt and kyle sat up next to misty , anxious , two pairs of wolf cub eyes fixed on her . 
 graham was merciless . 
 his eyes were the light gray of his wolf 's , determined , angry . 
 he pressed her side , holding misty down while she tried to wrench herself away from the pain . 
 `` hang on , baby , '' graham said . 
 `` i know it hurts . 
 you can kick my ass later . 
 but hang on . '' 
 misty clamped down on his hand , clinging to it as though it was a lifeline . 
 graham forced whatever it was into her wound , the pain searing , something hot rushing to her heart . 
 she could n't hold it in-her heart would burst , and misty would die . 
 through the pain , a small dart of warmth touched her chest . 
 the tiniest piece , and yet it was something outside the pain , something to focus on . 
 she heard graham draw a sharp breath , saw his gaze go to the middle of her chest , as though he knew what she felt . 
 he looked down at his own chest , and his look turned startled . 
 misty had no idea why . 
 was he feeling what she felt ? 
 was that possible ? 
 but strange things had been happening all day . 
 night . 
 whatever time it was . 
 the piece of warmth suddenly flooded her chest , spreading , widening , burning through her to engulf the pain from the wound . 
 her body seared hot , hotter ... hotter than she could stand . 
 and then everything stopped . 
 misty dragged in a long breath that seemed to come from the ends of the atmosphere , and she realized she had n't been breathing for the last ... however long it had been . 
 as soon as misty exhaled and blinked , the cubs went into paroxysms of joy , dancing in circles , yipping , tails moving rapidly . 
 misty found herself drenched but realized it was with sweat . 
 the sheet was soaked with it , and so was the big t-shirt she was wearing . 
 not hers . 
 the runes on sean 's sword , still in his hand , flashed out once , then went dark . 
 andrea was up , her hand on misty 's forehead , her face relaxing . 
 `` it 's gone , '' andrea said . 
 `` i do n't see the spell anymore . '' 
 graham unfolded himself like a huge bear coming to life , his eyes silver white and wild . 
 he wrapped his arms around misty , picking her up away from andrea , gathered her against him , and buried his face in her neck . 
 misty held his shaking body , both of them rocking a little . 
 `` it 's all right , '' misty said softly , stroking him . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 graham lifted his head . 
 the relief in his eyes went a long way down , along with pain and stark terror . 
 he drew a breath . 
 `` what the hell were you thinking ? '' 
 he roared in his loudest voice . 
 `` going for the sword like that ? '' 
 misty closed her eyes , sinking into exhaustion . 
 `` love you too , graham , '' she murmured , and hugged him . 
 chapter nineteen the next morning , sean made everyone pancakes , which he 'd assured graham were famous . 
 graham never thought he 'd see the day he 'd let a feline into his kitchen to cook for him , but times were strange . 
 but nothing mattered anymore . 
 misty was alive . 
 that was all he needed . 
 graham 's heart lightened when she came into the kitchen , looking tired but rested . 
 bandages bulked up her side under her tank top , but other than that , she moved with a sure step . 
 the cubs , in little boy form again , were happy to see her too-that is , when they could lift their faces from their plates of pancakes . 
 andrea had been explaining that while misty was healed once again , and she 'd closed up graham 's wound , he was still under oison 's thrall . 
 `` but you took the magic out of me , right ? '' 
 misty said , sliding into the empty place at the table . 
 `` ca n't you take it out of him ? '' 
 andrea shook her head as she wrapped her hands around her cup of coffee . 
 andrea was a lupine , a gray-eyed wolf who had agreed to mate with sean , a feline , in exchange for a safe move to a new shiftertown . 
 somewhere along the way , the two had found the mate bond . 
 `` the magic dust my father gave me counteracted whatever fae magic touched you from the sword , '' andrea said to misty . 
 `` graham 's a different case . 
 he 's under a complete fae spell that seeks to control every aspect of him . 
 i knit up his wound , but i could n't break the spell . 
 i do n't have that kind of power , and my father does n't either . 
 the magic that entered you , misty , was incidental . 
 the fae is not after you . '' 
 `` just graham , '' misty said . 
 she looked across the table at graham , unhappy . 
 `` not just me . '' 
 graham rejoiced that misty was here to look at him at all , even with sadness and worry . 
 her brown eyes were free of pain , her face pink with health . 
 `` all shifters . '' 
 sean said from the stove , `` liam told me about the connection between oison 's sword and your collar . 
 i agree , we need to get the collars off if the fae have a big ` enslave the shifters ' plan . 
 but , unfortunately , it 's going slowly . 
 the element we need to remove the collars safely is rare . 
 that 's why the research . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , '' graham growled . 
 `` why do anything when you can think about it for years , have meetings about it , talk about it ? '' 
 he pinned misty with a stare . 
 `` too much damned talking . '' 
 `` get over it , '' sean said . 
 `` here you go , misty . '' 
 sean flipped a stack of wonderful-smelling pancakes onto a plate and carried it the few steps to the table . 
 sean and andrea 's cub , kenny , ten months old , sat at the table in a high chair borrowed from the lupines next door . 
 the cub , who would maintain his human form until about age three or four , had dark hair like sean , and gray eyes like andrea . 
 matt and kyle eyed kenny speculatively . 
 they did n't like the little shifter in their territory , even though graham had explained the concept of guests to them . 
 kenny watched them , unworried , nonchalant , even . 
 an alpha in the making . 
 misty 's eyes lit when she saw the pancakes sean set before her . 
 she poured a stream of syrup over them and then dug in . 
 graham would love it if misty would look at him in the same eager way she regarded the pancakes . 
 and then reach for syrup and pour it all over graham 's body . 
 he tightened . 
 his c ** k started rising , and graham cleared his throat , moving in his seat , willing the thing to go down . 
 not that it mattered ; sean and andrea would scent the change in his hormones right away . 
 they already did , from the smirk sean sent andrea . 
 misty did n't notice , intent on her pancakes , stopping to dribble more syrup onto the stack . 
 a sticky droplet clung to her lips , and it took all graham 's self-control to keep from going over the table and licking it from her . 
 graham felt better since andrea had patched him up-except for the continuing thirst-and his relentless need for misty had returned , full force . 
 plus he 'd mate-claimed misty last night , which fanned the spark of his mating frenzy into a raging blaze . 
 `` want any more , graham ? '' 
 sean asked , returning to the stove . 
 `` no . 
 thanks . '' 
 graham had conceded to eat a little , knowing he had to keep up his strength , but filling his stomach had seemed to make made the magical thirst worse . 
 `` can you go now ? 
 i need to talk to misty alone . '' 
 misty licked syrup from her fork . 
 `` do n't be rude . 
 they 've traveled a long way , and they helped us . '' 
 `` and i 'm grateful . 
 now i need to talk to you . '' 
 misty gave him the eye-rolling look , which warmed graham 's heart , because she was alive to do it . 
 sean clattered his cooking accoutrements into the sink . 
 `` eric and liam will want you with us when we question the fae . '' 
 liam had found the fae-blood human he 'd promised to round up at the shifter meeting , sean had told him last night . 
 eric and liam had stashed him in eric 's hideaway out in the desert , ready for interrogation . 
 `` i 'll come out later , '' graham said . 
 `` and graham really needs to talk to misty alone , '' andrea said . 
 she rose and lifted her son out of the chair . 
 `` we 'll take the cubs out too . '' 
 `` we will , will we ? '' 
 sean asked . 
 but he did n't look annoyed , he looked amused . 
 `` if you say so , love . '' 
 he dried his hands and came to bend over the cubs . 
 `` want to go walkies ? '' 
 matt and kyle growled , lupine for who is this fool ? 
 andrea laughed . 
 `` come with me , little loves . 
 we 'll go play . 
 do n't worry about sean . 
 though i know he smells like a cat . '' 
 matt and kyle started eagerly out after andrea , bumping into each other as they went . 
 sean shook his head , took up the high chair , and followed . 
 `` you want to watch yourself with this mate thing , '' sean said to graham as he went . 
 `` the females , they take over . '' 
 he glanced from graham to misty , grinned , and strolled out of the house . 
 graham left the table and locked the back door . 
 he went out and locked the front door as well . 
 dougal had gone out early and had his key , but graham did n't need his guests deciding to charge back in while graham was having a heart-to-heart with misty . 
 when he returned to the kitchen , misty was washing the dishes again . 
 graham paused , remembering what had happened when he 'd come up behind her doing dishes the last time . 
 he pictured how he 'd wet her with the spray then licked her skin , how he 'd drunk her , how she 'd made him feel incandescent joy . 
 he was rock hard again-not that he was ever very flaccid around her . 
 `` leave it , '' he said . 
 graham knew she would n't stop , and misty did n't . 
 `` it 's not a lot , '' she said . 
 `` sean 's much neater than you are . '' 
 `` he must be a joy to live with , '' graham said . 
 `` neat and clean , irish accent , bloody feline grin . '' 
 `` he is pretty good-looking , '' misty said without turning around . 
 `` i can understand why andrea is madly in love with him . '' 
 `` he 's feline . 
 she 's lupine . 
 it 's wrong . 
 of course , she 's got fae blood in her , which probably messed with her head . '' 
 misty stacked the clean plates in the drying rack and started scrubbing down the griddle . 
 `` i know you 're thankful they came and helped . 
 you 're just being a shit . 
 you ca n't not be one . '' 
 `` it 's traditional with me . '' 
 graham leaned on the counter next to her . 
 if he came up behind her , he 'd bend her over , lift her skirt , and do her right there . 
 to hell with dignity . 
 misty cleaned , rinsed , and dried the griddle and rested the heavy thing back on the stove . 
 it was the kind that stretched across burners , using the stove beneath to heat it . 
 she washed her hands , dried them on the towel , then hung the towel neatly on the towel ring that had come with the house . 
 `` what did you want to say , graham ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` if you 're going to meet with eric , i need to get back to my store . 
 i have a ton of things to do . '' 
 she let out her breath . 
 `` i hate to leave you alone , but eric can take care of you . 
 sean looks pretty capable too . 
 i 'm going to try to find ben , and ask him again about curing you . 
 i should have reid talk to him with me - '' `` misty , would you stop ? '' 
 graham thrust his hand over misty 's mouth . 
 she looked up at him over his large fingers , indignant . 
 `` first , your brother went to your store with xavier , plus i sent shifters to help out . 
 you do n't need to worry about it . 
 second , you 're not talking to that ben person without me there-who the hell knows who he is ? 
 third , i need you here . '' 
 and now misty was getting mad again . 
 she moved her head so she could speak . 
 `` no , you need to go with eric . 
 if we both work on this problem today , we can pool our information later . '' 
 but that would mean misty not being here when graham got back . 
 `` you have to stay , '' he said . 
 `` i mate-claimed you . '' 
 misty 's eyes widened . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` mate-claimed . 
 it means - '' `` i know what it means . 
 i 've hung around shifters long enough . '' 
 misty spun away from him , her skirt swishing . 
 `` it means you 're saying you want me to be your mate and do the ceremonies . 
 and have me live with you and have your kids-cubs . '' 
 misty ran out of breath and stopped . 
 `` are you insane ? 
 i know everyone expects you to mate with a wolf shifter . 
 one of your wolves even tried to attack me , remember ? '' 
 `` and she 'll be disciplined . 
 things are different now . '' 
 `` what things ? 
 no , they 're not . '' 
 graham looked into misty 's stubborn eyes and knew the truth . 
 everything was different . 
 his life had changed the moment misty had turned to him on the barstool at coolers and asked , you a shifter ? 
 `` i 've been lying to myself , '' graham said . 
 `` i thought i could keep it cool with you , go out with you for the fun of it , to enjoy being with you . 
 then say good-bye when i chose a mate . 
 but i ca n't . 
 letting you go is something i ca n't do . 
 all right ? '' 
 when graham had mate-claimed rita , she 'd nearly passed out in shock that the son of a clan leader had chosen her , then she 'd recovered and thanked him for the great honor . 
 misty only stared at him and did n't look honored at all . 
 `` you ca n't change your mind like that . '' 
 her voice was shaky . 
 `` i know your shifters wo n't shrug it off and say , oh well , our great leader knows best . 
 they 'll fight you . '' 
 `` i 'm prepared for that . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad . 
 what about me ? '' 
 misty pressed her hands to her chest . 
 `` i 'll have to fight too . 
 that shifter woman-jan-who tried to attack me , was very angry . 
 and her collar did n't go off , so that wo n't slow her down , will it ? 
 and what about the other women who hope they can be with someone so high in shiftertown ? 
 i 've learned a lot about shifters since i started dating you . 
 you 're a good catch , apparently , and they 're not going to step aside so i can have you . '' 
 graham gave her a growl . 
 `` what you do n't understand is that i 'm alpha . 
 they do what i say . '' 
 `` and what you do n't understand is how someone not alpha thinks . 
 sure , they 'll obey you-until they can figure out a way to get rid of me , permanently . 
 or replace you with someone who will do what they want . '' 
 `` and you do n't understand how leaders get chosen . 
 i have to die before another one takes my place . '' 
 `` exactly my point . '' 
 graham started to say that would never happen , but he stopped . 
 of course , it could happen . 
 challenges for leadership had occurred a lot in the wild-not to graham , but to others . 
 it happened less often now , but collars were gradually coming off and some shifters were hoping for changes . 
 liam morrissey had fought his own father and won , thus replacing him as leader . 
 dylan morrissey was a hard man with a lot of experience , so liam besting him said something . 
 graham did n't think any of the lupines here could win against him , but now graham had been spelled by a fae . 
 `` they 're not going to kill me , '' graham said , trying to keep his voice steady . 
 `` eric wo n't let them . '' 
 then again , when graham had arrived here last year , he 'd been a total shit to eric . 
 but graham had been fighting to keep his position , fearing eric would force him out . 
 graham could n't stand the thought of having to be a kiss-ass , so he 'd been a dickhead instead . 
 had eric forgiven graham enough to help him stand against his angry shifters ? 
 graham was n't sure . 
 `` and anyway , '' misty said . 
 `` we should figure out this fae problem first . '' 
 `` no , i want to do this mating now , before the fae problem kills me . '' 
 graham started to reach for misty then forced himself not to touch her . 
 `` i want you mated to me , to know we 're bound . 
 do n't you think that will make me stronger ? '' 
 `` no , i think it will be more distracting . 
 having to learn to integrate our lives , plus trying to get your shifters to go along with it , will take a lot of work . 
 throw in trying to find a cure for this spell-that 's lot to put on your plate . '' 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 graham 's roar burst out . 
 `` what distracts me is seeing you around , with your gorgeous legs , and your lips i want to suck on , and your scent driving me wild . 
 the touch of a mate heals-did you know that ? 
 it 's why you 're up and walking around today . 
 andrea 's cure was n't working until i took it away from her and dosed you myself . 
 i need you . 
 even if we get rid of this fae , not being with you is killing me . '' 
 he faced her , his hands clenched . 
 misty 's lips were parted , red and kissable . 
 `` graham , i want to be with you too , '' she said in a rush . 
 `` but i do n't want to make things hard for you . '' 
 `` well , too late . 
 i 'm already hard for you . '' 
 graham grabbed her hand and pressed it against the front of his jeans . 
 `` this is what you do to me , every time i look at you . '' 
 `` that 's just lust . '' 
 misty did n't move her hand , which warmed his blood . 
 `` wanting . 
 i want you too . '' 
 she smiled a little , and graham 's frenzy skyrocketed . 
 graham gripped her shoulders . 
 `` i need you . 
 it 's killing me . 
 do n't refuse the claim . 
 please , do n't leave me alone . 
 again . 
 please . '' 
 chapter twenty the please shot into misty 's heart . 
 graham was glaring at her , looking more angry than filled with love . 
 his fingers bit into her shoulders , his grip desperate . 
 do n't leave me alone . 
 this from a man who found it hard to admit he needed anything . 
 or anyone . 
 misty lifted her hand away from his jeans , where his long and formidable c ** k waited . 
 she remembered the feel of it against her tongue , the warm taste of it . 
 she touched his arm , resting it on one of the flame tattoos . 
 `` graham , '' she whispered . 
 `` do n't walk away from me , misty . 
 i 'm going to die . '' 
 `` i wo n't let you , '' misty said . 
 graham let out a sound like a groan . 
 his grip grew harder still as he yanked her to him and brought his mouth down on hers . 
 the kisses he 'd given her before had been powerful , but misty now realized he 'd been holding back a little to keep from hurting her . 
 he 'd played games with her , stopping himself from doing what he 'd meant to . 
 not this time . 
 the holding back had gone . 
 graham had misty against the wall in the space of two seconds . 
 he held her solidly , his mouth on hers , while he pushed up her skirt and yanked down her underwear . 
 the cool of the room 's air touched her bare skin , except where graham covered her , his body hot . 
 more than hot . 
 his skin was feverishly warm , dangerously so . 
 the rough of his jeans brushed her thighs , while one of his hands held her shoulder , the other , her waist , lifting her from the wall and against him . 
 all the while graham kissed her , his mouth opening hers without respite . 
 misty ran her hands along his bare shoulders , his muscles hard under his sleek skin . 
 down his arms , over the firm round of his biceps , to the smoother skin of the tatts . 
 to his back , to feel the flat of his lower back and the waistband of his jeans . 
 dipping inside to the warm flesh of his bu ** ocks . 
 graham broke the kiss . 
 `` run now if you want , '' he said , voice harsh . 
 `` i wo n't be able to stop if you do n't go . 
 not today . '' 
 misty debated a half second . 
 but she could n't fool herself . 
 she wanted graham , wanted this , wanted him forever . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm staying . '' 
 graham said nothing . 
 no triumph , no smile of conquest . 
 the only thing in his eyes was need . 
 graham tugged at the button of his jeans then his zipper . 
 the jeans flowed off , over his bare bu ** ocks to the floor . 
 he stepped out and kicked them away , naked in his kitchen with sunshine pouring through the windows . 
 he was a beautiful man . 
 perfectly formed . 
 life had scarred his face and body , but the whole of him sang . 
 graham had misty up against the wall again . 
 he hooked her leg over one arm , stretching her up , opening her wide . 
 he lifted her with his other arm around her hips , looking down into her eyes as he slid the tip of his c ** k inside her . 
 misty 's eyes widened . 
 graham was large , his firm tip already pushing her open . 
 she drew in a long breath , her body tightening . 
 she wrapped her legs around his , her skirt draping them both , her bare feet on his thighs . 
 graham lifted her higher , holding her steady , as he slid a little more inside . 
 misty 's breath gave out . 
 she tilted her head back , meeting the wall , opening her lungs for air . 
 graham kissed her chin . 
 `` you are so beautiful . '' 
 graham 's whisper echoed what he 'd said the night they 'd drunk tequila and roses , looking for a way to end the fae 's spell . 
 this morning , sober , he looked at misty and said the same words . 
 misty touched his face . 
 graham 's eyes drifted closed as he slid the rest of the way inside her . 
 fully inside her . 
 graham drove high , his large c ** k invading her . 
 her body gripped it , instinct overriding coherent thought . 
 he held her like that a moment , she against the wall , he straight up inside her . 
 then graham lifted her into his arms , holding her on him . 
 he turned in a slow circle in the kitchen , looking into her eyes , the sunshine dancing on them . 
 they were whole , together . 
 one . 
 misty felt him solidly inside her , pressing her in pleasure . 
 she shuddered , her hips wanting to rock , but in the tight position , they could do nothing but be still and be joined . 
 and that was no bad thing . 
 graham kissed her . 
 he said words between the kisses , but she did n't understand them . 
 soft little words of tenderness , or so she thought . 
 misty ran her hands through his short hair , smiling into his face . 
 the warmth of the sun , the heat of graham 's body , the stiffness inside her , were the most wonderful things she 'd ever felt . 
 she 'd longed to be this shifter 's lover since the first night he 'd kissed her and changed her world forever . 
 another turn around the middle of the floor , graham 's strong body holding them , then another and another . 
 dizzy joy , circling with the man misty had been falling in love with , joined with him at last . 
 graham slid his hands over her back , up under her tank top , pulling her to him for another kiss . 
 his last slow turn brought them to the table , bare now , since misty had cleaned up . 
 graham supported her back as he laid her down on the table , the length of it taking misty 's body . 
 graham slid her hips to its edge , the two of them still connected . 
 misty glimpsed where his large c ** k disappeared high into her body , before graham drew back , exposing the dark length of it . 
 he was wet and slick from being inside her , still hard for her . 
 a moment , a glance , and then graham slid back inside . 
 he nestled there for half a second , then drew out , then in again . 
 then again , faster this time . 
 his thrusts increased , one after the other , beautiful friction . 
 misty propped herself on her elbows so she could watch graham , his hands on her hips , drive into her . 
 wild feeling like music took away her thoughts . 
 she knew nothing but warm sunshine , graham firm and thick inside her , pulsing hard joy into her . 
 the scents of cinnamon and sugar , syrup and frying pancakes lingered in the room . 
 the mouthwatering scent of food and the feeling of graham twined together , one layering over the other . 
 misty lifted her hips , her eyes half closing , while graham continued thrusting into her . 
 he was sweating , body glistening in the sunlight . 
 the tatts moved on his arms , flames curling around muscle . 
 `` you are so beautiful . '' 
 graham 's words were hoarse . 
 `` nothing else matters when i look at you . '' 
 graham . 
 misty tried to say his name , but her tongue did n't work . 
 she was gone on feeling , pleasure , glory . 
 her hips bumped the table , and she reached to twine her fingers around his wrists . 
 back and forth , rocking , silent now but for the sounds of him going in and out , the creak of the table , the faraway laughter of cubs playing in the common yard behind graham 's house . 
 there was so much life here , always movement , laughter , joy . 
 joy . 
 it wound up inside misty and spilled out . 
 a dark wave of feeling picked her up and washed her away , the room spinning around her as it had when graham had turned with her . 
 graham grunted . 
 his hips moved faster and faster , his grip on her tight . 
 he pumped into her in a frenzy , sweat dripping from him , his head back . 
 he was a wild man , huge and strong . 
 this was more raw than making love-this was pure , animal-like sex . 
 graham 's thrusts came even faster , misty lost in the friction of it . 
 she could n't breathe , could n't move . 
 a scream came from her throat , echoing against graham 's shout . 
 graham slammed into her one last time , groaning , his seed scalding inside her . 
 his hips started moving again , the rhythm pounding , his hands sliding on her hips , slick with sweat . 
 he opened his eyes , his last shout of pleasure dying down into a groan . 
 `` misty , '' he said . 
 `` goddess , help me . '' 
 graham lifted her again , gentler this time , and gathered her into his arms . 
 her legs went around his hips , he still inside her . 
 he turned with her in another circle , slower now , graham kissing her with warm lips . 
 he held her close , the fire gone from his eyes , a dark glow taking its place . 
 `` mate , '' graham whispered . 
 `` mine . '' 
 misty touched his hair and kissed his lips , drifting on a cushion of happiness . 
 graham carried misty upstairs to his bedroom , where she 'd lain in so much pain . 
 someone-probably misty herself-had already stripped the bed , leaving the plain mattress ready for clean sheets . 
 graham laid her down , stripped the rest of her clothes from her , parted her legs , and slid inside her again . 
 he was not done sexing her . 
 not by a long way . 
 misty lifted her body to meet his . 
 she was n't a shy virgin-she liked sex , and she wanted graham . 
 graham felt no triumph over this . 
 it was just ... right . 
 goddess , she was beautiful . 
 he could n't help saying it . 
 her round br ** sts , tipped with dusky ni ** les , tightened as he loved her . 
 sweet plumpness he could sink his fingers into , her brown hair spread across his pillow . 
 and her eyes , lovely liquid brown eyes , watching him without fear or shame . 
 eyes a man could drown in . 
 he pressed inside her , unable to slow his thrusts . 
 he wanted her fast and hard , again and again . 
 the mating frenzy . 
 sex until they could n't walk , until she was heavy with his cub . 
 something tightened inside graham . 
 he wanted her to bear his cubs . 
 craved it . 
 if they had to stay in this bedroom and screw for days until then ... oh well . 
 too soon , graham came . 
 misty groaned with her own pleasure , she pouring heat over his cock . 
 the pain he 'd had since he 'd drunk the fae water had n't left him , but misty around him let it recede . 
 the mating frenzy broke through it , swelling graham 's c ** k again . 
 more . 
 misty laughed as graham started thrusting again . 
 she looked tired and spent , but he could n't stop . 
 he lay down on her and rolled with her so misty was on top of him . 
 graham liked things this way , where he could look up at her , her eyes heavy with pleasure , and cup his hands over her br ** sts while she rode him . 
 face-to-face on their sides was good too , misty 's leg wrapped around his , graham pumping into her . 
 again and again , graham loved her , in every position he could think of . 
 misty laughed , pleaded that she needed to rest , and laughed again . 
 every time , she came with him , her body growing more and more pliant . 
 the sun was moving to the west when misty dropped into sleep , not waking when graham kissed her cheek . 
 his mating frenzy was still high-he was a male shifter in his prime who had n't had sex in many months-but he had some compassion . 
 he let her sleep , dressing himself and walking outside to the heat of the late afternoon . 
 `` you done with sex ? '' 
 dougal asked , appearing from the green behind the house and falling into step with him . 
 `` took you long enough . '' 
 `` i 'll never be done with it , '' graham said . 
 he walked along slowly , a bit chafed , but that would be gone by the time he went back into the house . 
 shifters healed quickly . 
 `` mating frenzy wo n't let me be . '' 
 `` eric is looking for you . 
 you need to go talk to the collar-making fae . '' 
 graham shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not leaving misty alone . 
 my wolves will know i mate-claimed her soon enough . '' 
 dougal stepped in front of graham , stopping graham 's long-legged pace . 
 `` you made the mate-claim ? 
 that 's awesome . 
 did she accept ? '' 
 `` no , she tried to refuse . 
 but i think i 've changed her mind . '' 
 `` with sex ? '' 
 `` no , i made her spaghetti , '' graham said impatiently . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 of course , with sex . '' 
 `` so she 's going to be your mate ? '' 
 dougal grinned , excited . 
 `` you 're okay with that ? '' 
 `` i like misty . 
 she 's nice . 
 the total opposite of you . '' 
 graham cuffed dougal across the head , but gently . 
 `` i have to get my wolves to accept her . 
 that wo n't be easy . '' 
 when graham had told them to try to decide which clan would dominate through one of their daughters , he 'd temporarily eased the situation , knowing they 'd argue among themselves . 
 but when graham presented them with his choice of misty , they 'd band together against him . 
 `` i 'll help , '' dougal said . 
 `` i 'm your second now . 
 i 've got your back . 
 and if eric approves , he 'll have your back too . 
 everyone listens to eric . '' 
 `` so i 've noticed . '' 
 if misty refused graham , on the other hand , end of problem . 
 something burned into his heart . 
 if misty refused , graham would be lost . 
 she completed him , made the other half of his world . 
 `` anyway , eric is waiting , '' dougal said . 
 `` says he 'll take you out to see the collar maker . 
 liam 's got him hidden . '' 
 `` so no one will kill him . '' 
 graham stretched his fingers , cracking his knuckles . 
 `` might be fun to put this guy in the rings at the fight club , to see how long he lasts . 
 against shifters with working collars , that is . 
 would be fun . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 dougal loved the fight club . 
 he 'd be the first one in line for a bout . 
 `` but i 'm not leaving misty , '' graham said . 
 `` you go in my place , tell them i 'll come later . '' 
 dougal looked behind graham . 
 `` looks like misty 's leaving you instead . '' 
 graham pivoted . 
 misty was getting into the boxy car she 'd borrowed to drive over here . 
 she started it as soon as graham turned , and pulled away from the house . 
 she 'd seen him , damn the woman , but she did n't stop . 
 misty even smiled and waved as she drove around the corner . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 graham headed for dougal 's harley , waiting in the driveway next to graham 's still shot-up bike . 
 his thirst kicked in as he lost sight of misty 's car , and so did the pain in his heart . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 eric materialized next to the bike before graham could kick the starter . 
 eric could n't teleport , but the bloody feline knew how to move softly . 
 `` i 'm going after misty , '' graham said . 
 `` too dangerous to leave her alone . '' 
 `` no , i 'm going after her . '' 
 eric gave him a pointed look . 
 `` you go question the collar maker . 
 i 'll take care of misty . '' 
 graham slammed his fists to his handlebars . 
 `` screw you . 
 mates come first . '' 
 `` yep , you reek of the mate-claim , '' eric said , nodding . 
 `` and sex . 
 i 'm thinking misty did n't quite say yes , the way she hauled ass out of here . 
 but i 'll bring her back . 
 you go take care of your curse . '' 
 `` eric , you are not my alpha . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm your co-leader . 
 i 'm telling you this for your own good . 
 let me talk to misty . 
 i 'm good at being persuasive . 
 and i 'll keep her safe . 
 you know that . '' 
 eric was a good fighter , strong and smart . 
 and talky . 
 misty liked talking . 
 graham sighed and started the bike . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll go . 
 dougal , you make sure matt and kyle are being taken care of . 
 and stay out of trouble . '' 
 `` aw , that 's no fun , '' dougal said . 
 he lost his smile and walked away . 
 graham watched him go , the bike throbbing impatiently under him . 
 `` damned cub . 
 how did you do it , eric ? 
 raise a cub to adulthood without killing him ? 
 or him killing you ? '' 
 eric shrugged , his lazy look in place . 
 `` jace is a different person . 
 and my son , not my nephew . 
 he 's ... jace . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 graham glided the bike forward and lifted his feet . 
 he rode off without a good-bye , but when he checked his rearview , eric had disappeared . 
 chapter twenty-one misty took the turn out of shiftertown onto the quiet street that led to it . 
 not many people were out this late in the hot afternoon . 
 the people who lived in or commuted to las vegas rarely came to this back corner of it . 
 a large pickup pulled abruptly in front of her , blocking her way . 
 misty slammed on the brakes . 
 at the same time , another truck pulled up beside her on the passenger side . 
 a man got out , opened her car door , and slid inside . 
 he closed the door , the truck ahead of her moved , and he pointed . 
 `` drive that way . '' 
 the man in her car was eric warden . 
 misty stared at him , making no move to obey . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` asking you to go that way . '' 
 eric pointed down a side street . 
 misty gripped the wheel . 
 `` this is kidnapping . '' 
 `` no it is n't , '' eric said . 
 `` it 's having a chat . 
 now will you start driving ? '' 
 the two trucks roared off . 
 misty caught only a glimpse of who was in them , but she thought she recognized the bear shifter shane driving one , his brother brody the other . 
 misty pushed the accelerator and moved the car down the street eric had indicated . 
 `` all right . 
 you 've kidnapped me . 
 for a chat . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 `` accept graham 's mate-claim . '' 
 misty slammed on the brakes again . 
 eric braced himself on the dashboard , then grabbed the seat belt . 
 `` if you 're going to drive like that , i 'll buckle up . '' 
 `` did graham send you ? '' 
 misty demanded . 
 `` graham tried to stop me . 
 i sent him off to take care of his fae problem . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 misty started driving again , slowly . 
 `` why do you want me to accept graham 's mate-claim ? 
 i think it would be a bad thing for graham if i do . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you 'll have to fight for acceptance , and he 'll have to kick a few asses before everyone calms down . 
 but i 've watched graham now for almost a year . 
 trust me , i keep a close eye on him . 
 when graham 's around you , he 's at ease with himself . 
 he 's a loud , arrogant , obnoxious shit-always has been , and will always be-but with you , he seems to find peace . 
 a reason for living ... besides his determination to be the biggest dickhead in the room . '' 
 `` he 's not a dickhead , '' misty said hotly . 
 `` if he was n't like he is , he 'd have lost everybody in his life , more than he already has . 
 he does n't say that out loud , but i know it . 
 dougal would have been killed in the wild a long time ago-i understand that now-and the shifters in his shiftertown would n't have survived . 
 graham fought to keep them all alive . '' 
 `` you 're not telling me anything i do n't know , '' eric said . 
 `` he kept those shifters together up in elko , when all of them could have easily gone feral . 
 one hell of a task . 
 i commend him for it . '' 
 `` and so you want me to cause more trouble by staying with him ? '' 
 eric leaned back in the seat and rested his arm along the window . 
 `` they 'll come around . 
 shifters are all about what 's for the good of the pack , or clan , or whatever community they 're in . 
 might not seem like it most of the time , but they are . 
 the only reason shiftertowns work is that we 've dedicated ourselves to making them work . 
 we want survival , and we want our cubs to grow up safe and happy . 
 we took the collars , instead of letting ourselves get wiped out , for the sake of the cubs . 
 graham 's shifters will understand , in time , that graham having you is the best thing that can happen for them . 
 all the crap about hierarchy and shifters breeding with shifters for strength is bullshit . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 misty drove in silence for a time . 
 she turned onto a main street , heading for her store . 
 `` you know , you 've never once asked me what i wanted . '' 
 eric made a lazy gesture with the hand along the window . 
 `` i do n't have to . 
 you want to mate with graham . '' 
 misty shot him a look . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` i 've been watching you too . '' 
 eric leaned even farther back in the seat and rested one motorcycle-booted foot on the dashboard . 
 `` you 're a sweet young woman , and when you 're around graham , you 're happier , stronger . 
 more self-assured . 
 and i see the way you look at him . 
 trust me , no one else in shiftertown looks at graham as though they want him to stay exactly the way he is . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that 's kind of sad . '' 
 `` it means he needs you , and you need him . 
 end of problem . '' 
 misty turned down another street , navigating heavier traffic . 
 `` was it that simple when you were going after iona ? '' 
 she sent him a sweet smile . 
 `` graham told me you looked like you 'd been hit with an anvil . '' 
 eric did n't take offense . 
 `` true , i denied my need to be with iona for a long time . 
 i 'd been grieving my mate for so many years i did n't know how to fall in love again . 
 iona taught me . 
 besides i had to save iona from ... other shifters who considered her fair game . '' 
 misty 's smile widened . 
 `` do n't worry , i know graham tried to challenge you for her , so you do n't have to spare my feelings . 
 for a man who does n't like to talk about personal things , graham has told me a lot . 
 i met him the night you two fought , and you lost . '' 
 `` i did n't lose , '' eric said indignantly . 
 `` i was incapacitated by something else . 
 it was a draw . '' 
 `` graham tried to claim it was a draw too . 
 but you both lost , did n't you ? '' 
 eric sat up . 
 `` hey , this is supposed to be your kidnapping . 
 me telling you what you should do . '' 
 `` i 'll think about it . 
 meanwhile , i need to return this car and make sure the rest of my life is all right . 
 including my brother . '' 
 `` paul 's a good kid . 
 he 'll be fine . '' 
 `` you have a lot of optimism , eric . '' 
 `` i 've been around a while , '' eric said . 
 `` it 's experience , not optimism . '' 
 `` do you want me to drop you off somewhere ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 eric laced his hands behind his head . 
 `` i should check up on what the shifters are doing at your store . 
 shane can drive me back . '' 
 `` we 're doing this , with or without my dad , '' jace warden said . 
 jace , eric 's son , stood straight and tall , looking much like his absent father with his dark hair and green eyes , but more alert , more present than eric ever let himself seem . 
 since jace 's mating-he 'd recently taken a mate from the austin shiftertown-he 'd stood even straighter , with more authority than ever . 
 graham stood with jace , facing the shifters who were annoyed that eric had n't showed yet . 
 eric was n't coming , graham realized . 
 he 'd sent jace to do this , letting his son take authority . 
 talking to misty had been an excuse . 
 eric had made sure graham was here to back up jace if necessary . 
 cagey feline . 
 the shifters stood in an old airplane hanger forty miles from town , in remote desert , where a human called marlo kept his planes . 
 the former drug runner now made his money carrying shifters where they wanted to go . 
 shifters could n't travel outside a state without special permission , but as usual , shifters had learned how to get around the rules . 
 marlo did a brisk business hauling shifters back and forth . 
 he was discreet , reliable , and knew how to avoid problems . 
 the fae-blood human who 'd been captured sat in a straight-backed chair at the end of the hanger . 
 he 'd been bound in chains of silver , spelled , graham guessed . 
 sean morrissey stood with him , the sword of the guardian on his back , his father , dylan morrissey , at sean 's side . 
 could n't be easy for the fae-blood , facing a roomful of grim-faced shifters who 'd figured out he 'd helped screw them in more ways than one . 
 could n't be easy sitting in a room with dylan either , one of the most formidable shifters ever born . 
 no one could predict what dylan would do . 
 bowman had come , as had eoin from montana . 
 a couple of shifters from shiftertowns in utah and new mexico were also there , plus liam and sean-basically whoever had been able to get there on short notice . 
 `` he wo n't tell us his real name , '' liam said , starting without preamble . 
 `` afraid this will give us unfair advantage . '' 
 a rumble of laughter came from everyone but dylan and bowman . 
 `` in the human world , '' dylan said , `` he goes by lorcan . '' 
 the fae flinched slightly . 
 for the most part , he maintained his arrogance , even though he was outnumbered by angry shifters ready to kill him . 
 technically lorcan was employed by the human government , and lorcan must have believed the humans would rush to his rescue . 
 but if liam and dylan had been true to form , the humans would n't even realize lorcan had gone . 
 lorcan 's father , a half fae , had come up with the concept of the collars for shifters , convincing humans twenty years ago , when the existence of shifters was revealed , that these were the best way to keep the wild and dangerous shifters under control . 
 collars used a combination of technology and fae magic to react to a shifter 's adrenal system , giving them shocks when they became violent-in the collar 's opinion . 
 dylan 's rumbling voice silenced the shifters . 
 `` graham has recently discovered that the fae in faerie have created swords that can work in conjunction with the collars-the swords set off the collars at the will of the sword 's wielder . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 dylan bent to lorcan , waiting for him to answer . 
 lorcan moved in his seat , but his eyes remained haughty . 
 `` if a fae told you that , that fae is no longer one of us . '' 
 `` huh , '' graham said . 
 `` he told me , because he thought he had total control over me . 
 thought i 'd surrender right there and be his pet , then rush out and bring all my shifter friends back with me to him . '' 
 `` you are shifter , '' lorcan said to him , his arrogance still present . 
 `` you have always been a captive . 
 i am not and never will be . '' 
 `` you are now , laddie . '' 
 liam picked up one of the spelled chains binding lorcan and shook it . 
 `` these do n't bother me , but they hold you pretty good . 
 why do n't you tell us what we want to know ? '' 
 `` and then what ? 
 you kill me ? 
 if i am to die , then you can live ignorant . '' 
 `` we 're not going to kill you , '' dylan said . 
 his tone was quietly calm , deadly . 
 graham , who did n't intimidate easily , wanted to shiver . 
 `` you will go back to the fae and tell them that their experiment failed . '' 
 `` will i ? '' 
 lorcan asked , disdainful . 
 lorcan , born of a human mother and a half-fae father , looked human , even more so than most half fae . 
 he was slender , but his features were very human , his hair wheat brown instead of the severe pale fair of most fae . 
 his hair covered his ears , but graham was pretty sure those ears were n't pointy . 
 `` you will , '' dylan said . 
 `` we know what you 're up to , ass ** le , '' graham said . 
 `` you and your dad made the collars , and i 'm willing to bet you made or helped make the fae swords too . 
 now , what 's the master plan ? 
 or did you just want to make shifters more miserable ? 
 fae are still pissed off that shifters won the war against them all those years ago and took their freedom . 
 get over it , already . '' 
 `` this is a waste of time , '' bowman said impatiently . 
 `` break some bones and get some answers . 
 how many of these swords exist ? 
 where are they ? 
 why have the fae waited to use them ? '' 
 `` let dylan finish , '' jace said sternly . 
 the other shifters looked at him , falling silent . 
 graham saw them adjust their thinking from viewing jace as an older cub to jace as eric 's successor . 
 air displaced next to graham , and reid was there . 
 graham had drawn back his fist , ready to punch , but checked himself at the last minute . 
 `` damn it , reid . '' 
 the other shifter leaders had started forward , a few of them half shifting . 
 `` what the f ** k ? '' 
 bowman asked . 
 not everyone had known reid could teleport . 
 when lorcan saw reid , his assurance drained rapidly . 
 `` dokk alfar . '' 
 he continued with a string of weird-sounding words . 
 `` ironmaster , '' reid said , in english . 
 he held up his hand , which was clasped by a heavy black ring-iron-and advanced on lorcan . 
 `` what 's he afraid of ? '' 
 bowman asked , a growl in his throat . 
 `` iron does n't affect mixed-breed fae . 
 and what the hell is he ? '' 
 he pointed at reid . 
 `` a dark fae , '' graham said . 
 `` a pain in the ass . 
 but handy to have around . '' 
 reid did n't appear to care whether iron was supposed to work on mixed-blood fae or not . 
 he held up his hand , light sliding on the dark ring , and brought his hand down and wrapped it around lorcan 's throat . 
 lorcan screamed . 
 he tried to scramble away from reid , the chains clinking , chair scraping . 
 he yelled rapidly in fae before settling down to english . 
 `` make it stop ! 
 make it stop ! 
 please ! 
 stop ! '' 
 the rest of the shifter leaders watched in a mixture of surprise and unease . 
 who the hell is this ? 
 their body language said clearly . 
 and do i have to worry he can do that to me ? 
 reid lifted his hand from lorcan 's neck , took a step back , and nodded at dylan . 
 dylan did n't return the nod . 
 graham went forward , tired of waiting . 
 the morrisseys could toy with lorcan all day , like the cats they were , if they decided to . 
 wolves were more straightforward . 
 `` what is going on with the collars and the swords ? '' 
 he asked , pushing his face to lorcan 's . 
 `` i want to know everything , including how to keep the fae from activating them . '' 
 lorcan licked the side of his mouth , where blood had dripped . 
 more blood dripped from his nose , thin streams of it . 
 `` it 's too late . 
 the high fae have been making swords to match the spells in the collars for many years . 
 they 're almost ready . 
 my father and i were chosen to help prepare the way . '' 
 `` because fae want shifters back under their power ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` guess what ? 
 they 're not getting it . '' 
 `` fae wish to walk the earth again , as they once did . 
 shifters will fight the humans for the fae-shifters can fight iron . '' 
 `` you mean shifters kill all the humans , and the fae pour out of their stone circles and rule the earth ? '' 
 graham leaned closer to lorcan . 
 `` do they realize how many humans are on this planet ? '' 
 `` fae are n't that good at math , '' lorcan said , gray lips quirking to a little smile . 
 `` but there are many millions of fae in faerie . 
 only a handful of them ever lived on earth . 
 it 's getting crowded in faerie , and they want the human world back . '' 
 `` using shifters to get it ? '' 
 `` the battle beasts , yes . '' 
 oison had called graham a battle beast . 
 `` if shifters get wiped out in this little war , the fae wo n't have their battle beasts anymore , '' graham said . 
 `` they 'll make more , '' lorcan said . 
 `` you have many cubs now . '' 
 graham felt the blood drain from his face . 
 shifters started to growl , move . 
 rage replaced graham 's shock . 
 he grabbed lorcan by his shirt . 
 `` they touch the cubs , and we 'll rip off their heads , starting with yours . '' 
 `` i told them that , '' lorcan said desperately , more blood trickling from his nose and mouth . 
 `` i told them how protective you were of cubs . 
 they do n't care . '' 
 reid said , `` sounds like typical hoch alfar . 
 cold and stupid . '' 
 dylan broke in , his quiet voice even more deadly . 
 `` why did they wait twenty years ? 
 in the first years of the collars , we were weaker , more vulnerable . 
 there was chaos trying to settle into shiftertowns and find our feet . '' 
 `` they wanted you stronger , '' lorcan answered . 
 `` shifters started to live longer , be more healthy , have more cubs . 
 multiply . '' 
 graham shook lorcan once , spraying blood . 
 `` so the fae would have a bigger army . '' 
 `` larger and stronger . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 graham released him , and lorcan thumped back into the seat . 
 `` what is the secret of the swords ? '' 
 jace asked around dylan . 
 `` how can we break their effect ? '' 
 lorcan shook his head . 
 `` you ca n't . 
 the fae made the swords to have the same technology as the collars-they taught my dad how to make the collars in the first place , and he taught me . 
 the spells in the swords activate the collars . 
 they do n't have to actually touch the collars , but touching makes the control stronger . '' 
 `` but swords and collars have to be in proximity , '' dylan said . 
 `` for now . '' 
 the chill of those words worked their way through the shifters . 
 `` how many ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` swords ? 
 as many now as there are shifters . '' 
 silence descended in the hanger . 
 graham remembered the pain that had encased him when oison had touched his sword to graham 's collar . 
 oison had been able to manipulate graham 's gunshot wound , healing and unhealing it at will . 
 the water spell had been a way to bring graham close enough to oison , he realized , through the dreams-graham would never have voluntarily walked into faerie on his own . 
 the fae spell , through the water , had taken graham to oison , so oison could use the sword ... `` inside faerie , '' graham finished his thought out loud . 
 the other shifters jerked attention to him . 
 `` oison did n't come outside faerie , with the sword , to where i was dying in the desert . 
 he coerced me through misty into drinking the water , to get me under his thrall first . 
 he could n't just come and get me with the sword-i already had to be weak and in his power . 
 which means the sword spells must not completely work yet . '' 
 lorcan looked nervous . 
 `` oison is impatient . 
 he thinks we should move now . 
 the leaders say the plan has n't matured , but oison wants to start immediately , before shifters get too strong . '' 
 and shifters were now learning how to control the collars and even to remove them . 
 graham wondered if oison knew shifters had discovered the secret of removing the collars , but graham was n't going to voice the thought to a man hand in glove with both the fae and the human government . 
 `` oison jumped the gun , you mean , '' graham said . 
 `` he gave the game away . 
 that 's what he gets for being a f ** kwad . '' 
 `` no , i gave the game away , '' lorcan said . 
 `` i 'm doing it now . 
 the fae wo n't let me live for telling you all this . '' 
 dylan almost smiled . 
 `` then you 'll have to trust shifters to keep you safe and alive . '' 
 liam grinned . 
 `` ironic , is n't it , lad ? '' 
 `` keep him safe ? '' 
 graham growled . 
 `` you mean i ca n't tear him in half ? 
 or watch reid do the trick with the ring again ? '' 
 liam shook his head . 
 `` we ca n't risk the humans investigating us if lorcan turns up dead and shredded , or cut in half by a fae sword . 
 so he 's now under our protection . 
 poor guy . '' 
 liam was laughing , looking positively gleeful . 
 graham wished he could be so happy . 
 `` how do we deactivate the swords ? '' 
 graham asked lorcan . 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 `` you do n't , '' lorcan said . 
 `` not from here . 
 you 'd have to take that fight inside faerie , or lure the fae out . '' 
 bowman broke in . 
 `` so , there are as many fae with the swords as there are shifters with collars ? 
 i could eat ten fae and have room for dessert , but them controlling the collars makes things different . '' 
 going into faerie was n't an option , graham knew . 
 there were n't enough shifters in fighting form to win a fight inside faerie , even without the fae having the collar-controlling swords . 
 plus , gates to faerie were tricky-no guarantee a shifter army could get in . 
 on the other hand , enticing a boatload of fae out of faerie to fight did n't appeal either ... if they 'd even come . 
 `` what about andrea 's father ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` what 's his name , fionn ? 
 he 's a fae . 
 what does he know about all this ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' dylan said . 
 `` i already spoke with him , and what i told him made him very angry . 
 not all fae see eye-to-eye . 
 he fears those fae who made the swords will not only want to walk the earth again , but rule all of faerie . 
 there are constant power struggles there . 
 fionn can help , but only if he can convince his clan it 's necessary . 
 fionn 's people might be happy to let the fae use controlled shifters to kill humans , good riddance to the humans . '' 
 `` good riddance to shifters too , you mean , '' graham said , and dylan gave him a slow nod . 
 `` and then there 's reid , '' graham said , turning to him . 
 `` go tell your dark fae to kick some ass . '' 
 `` i will , '' reid said . 
 `` same problem though , getting my clan to agree about the threat . 
 they might be happy to let the hoch alfar fight each other , or let them leave faerie for the human world without protest . 
 dark fae will shut the gates behind the hoch alfar and be glad . 
 dokk alfar are the original fae , after all . '' 
 reid 's black eyes glinted . 
 `` however , i might convince my people to keep the fae busy while we figure out how to stop them . '' 
 `` i know how , '' graham said . 
 `` without going to faerie at all . '' 
 he did n't say it out loud . 
 lorcan might be under dylan 's thumb now , but he still could turn around and text someone in the human government as soon as he got his hands free . 
 the solution was getting the collars off shifters . 
 the fae could n't manipulate what was n't there . 
 collars were already coming off the weaker shifters , the ones who could n't take the pain and could n't learn the techniques for control . 
 the thought that matt and kyle , and whatever cub graham would have with misty , would n't have to wear true collars made his heart sing . 
 `` is that enough information ? '' 
 dylan asked . 
 `` i 'd like to get lorcan back home before the humans miss him . '' 
 liam , hands in his sweat jacket pockets , nodded . 
 `` i 'll get marlo , and we 'll go . 
 sean and andrea will stay a while longer , graham , to make sure misty 's all right . '' 
 graham gave liam a nod of thanks . 
 `` that 's it then , '' jace said . 
 the fact that the shifters did n't disperse until jace gave the nod attested to his growing power . 
 without any more talk , liam disappeared into the darkening desert , and dylan , bowman , and sean carried lorcan , silver chains , chair , and all , out . 
 a plane 's engines started up , lights flashing , the lumbering bird waiting for its passengers . 
 the other shifters started to walk away , off to board the airplane or find their own transportation home . 
 no one said , take care of yourself , or even goddess go with you . 
 such words might mean they 'd never see each other again . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 graham asked reid in a low voice as the building emptied . 
 `` with the ring ? 
 if mixed-blood fae do n't have to worry about iron ? '' 
 `` they still need to worry about it , '' reid said . 
 `` but they have enough human blood in them to dilute the effects . 
 i used the ring to undilute the effects , going straight for the part of lorcan that was true fae . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 graham rubbed his jaw , feeling stiff bristles . 
 `` good to know . '' 
 reid eyed him . 
 `` you could n't do it yourself . 
 if you pushed this ring against lorcan 's neck , he 'd only feel a ring against his neck . 
 only i can make the iron work . '' 
 `` because you 're iron man , i know . '' 
 `` ironmaster , '' reid said . 
 but he gave graham a ghost of a smile , appreciating the humor . 
 then he walked away a few steps , and disappeared . 
 graham could n't help his jump when the air around reid displaced with a little pop . 
 `` damn , i hate it when he does that . '' 
 jace waited to walk out with graham . 
 `` we 'll start with you , '' jace said . 
 he meant taking off the collars . 
 graham shook his head as he mounted his borrowed bike . 
 `` dougal first . 
 he 'd never stand against fae . 
 thank the goddess it was me who got shot and water-spelled . 
 dougal would already be gone . '' 
 `` i agree , '' jace said . 
 `` but it 's not up to me . '' 
 `` your dad thinks it 's up to him , '' graham said . 
 `` your dad 's wrong . '' 
 without waiting for jace 's answer , graham started and revved the bike and took off across the desert . 
 to the west , the sky was crimson , gold , and brilliant blue , black mountains in silhouette-a desert sunset in all its glory . 
 a perfect backdrop , graham thought . 
 too bad this movie was n't over . 
 graham checked on the cubs when he reached shiftertown , who were happy to continue hanging out with andrea and sean , who 'd returned from the meeting . 
 sean and andrea were looking after dougal too , while pretending not to , to spare dougal 's pride . 
 they were good people , graham conceded , for felines and half-fae shifters . 
 graham left them and headed south into the heart of las vegas to misty 's store . 
 he knew she 'd gone back there in spite of graham telling her not to , because that was the kind of lady misty was . 
 misty was n't at the store when graham reached it , however . 
 some of eric 's shifters were , including brody , cleaning up . 
 eric had arrived with misty here , brody said , then xav had followed misty home , and shane had driven eric back to shiftertown . 
 graham continued to misty 's house . 
 her truck was in her driveway , along with a couple of black pickups and suvs from dx security . 
 graham told the man working on fixing misty 's door to get out of the way and go home . 
 the man stepped aside , but went back to his work on the door . 
 graham ignored him , in too much of a hurry to be irritated . 
 he let scent and voices guide him to the kitchen , where his mate was . 
 except his mate leaned against xav escobar , xav 's arms around her , misty 's head on his shoulder . 
 while graham stood there for a stunned second , xav stroked one hand through misty 's hair . 
 graham was across the room , his collar sparking , a roar leaving his mouth . 
 he wrapped his hand around xav 's throat , and kept moving , heaving xav up against the far wall before anyone could say a word . 
 chapter twenty-two it took misty a few heartbeats to realize the whirlwind who 'd rushed by her was graham . 
 graham enraged , his collar throwing off arcs of electricity . 
 his eyes were white with fury , his hands turning to claws that gripped xav 's neck . 
 xavier , face red , brought out a black device . 
 `` i 'll tase you , mcneil . 
 tasers and collars , not a pretty combination . '' 
 he had to force out the words . 
 misty rushed to graham and tried to pull his hands from xav , but graham 's arms were like steel bars . 
 `` stop it , graham . 
 it 's not what you think . '' 
 `` you touched my mate , '' graham said savagely to xav . 
 `` you want me to kill you now ? 
 or do you want to challenge me , and i 'll kill you later ? '' 
 `` fuck you , '' xav said . 
 he brought up the taser , electricity crackling . 
 `` no ! '' 
 misty cried . 
 `` graham , let him go ! 
 i was talking to him as a friend . 
 he was comforting me , as a friend . 
 three guesses as to who he was comforting me about . '' 
 graham was n't listening . 
 `` you never , ever touch a shifter 's mate . 
 you 'll be dead before you hit the ground . '' 
 graham 's collar was still sparking , but he did n't seem to notice . 
 `` let him go , '' misty shouted at him . 
 `` i have n't agreed to be your mate . '' 
 graham swung his head around , pinning misty with his white gray stare . 
 `` i mate-claimed you . 
 you did n't refuse . 
 you had all that sex with me ; you made me think - '' he broke off , pain momentarily flickering through his eyes . 
 `` you are my mate . '' 
 the dx security man who 'd been fixing the door had come in , his taser also at the ready . 
 misty held up her hand to stop him but looked graham in the eye . 
 `` you are insufferable . 
 because we had sex , now i belong to you ? 
 i do n't even know what to say to that . '' 
 misty did n't know much what to do either . 
 she settled for making an exasperated noise and storming out into the yard . 
 behind her she heard xav coughing . 
 `` welcome to women in the twenty-first century , '' xav said , and laughed . 
 hoarsely . 
 misty 's backyard usually comforted her . 
 she 'd planted it so something would be in bloom every season , whether they were in the hottest triple-digit temps of the summer or the forties in the winter . 
 moonlight now shone on four-o'clocks that bloomed in darkness and the ghostly white blossoms of the oleanders . 
 misty had n't stood more than five seconds trying to find calm , before graham barreled out the door after her . 
 she hoped he had n't broken that one too . 
 graham had always been gentle with misty , pulling back his strength for her . 
 now he grabbed her by the shoulders , hands biting down hard , and yanked her around to face him . 
 the silver white glow of his eyes was even more pronounced in the moonlight , the anger in them plain . 
 `` let go of me , '' misty snapped . 
 `` and stop trying to kill my friends . 
 you do n't own me . '' 
 graham did n't release her . 
 `` i scent-marked you . 
 i mate-claimed you . 
 yes , i do . '' 
 `` you know , every time i realize i love you , you start to be an ass ** le . 
 you break my house , you threaten people , you even get hurt yourself . 
 what is wrong with you ? '' 
 graham 's grip on her arm abruptly softened . 
 his collar had stopped sparking , but misty saw the dark marks it had left on his neck . 
 `` what do you mean , every time you realize you love me ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i mean , whenever i acknowledge i care about you , you do something that makes me wonder why i do . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 graham let her go . 
 `` you said love . '' 
 `` i know i did . '' 
 misty rubbed her arms . 
 `` and do n't give me any crap about shifters not loving like humans do , or me not understanding what i feel , or - '' `` goddess . 
 misty . '' 
 graham 's eyes filled with wells of pain that matched his rage . 
 he stared at her for a long moment , moonlight playing on his hard face , the flame tattoos , the dark buzz of his hair . 
 `` i want you with every breath . '' 
 his eyes had darkened to their normal gray , which still held a hint of silver . 
 he reached for her again , his hands landing on her shoulders , this time without the hard pressure . 
 graham caressed her , thumbs moving on her bare skin under her tank top . 
 `` i need you , '' he said . 
 `` now more than ever . '' 
 his voice was thick , gravelly , with dryness and emotion . 
 he stepped against her , the tall warmth of him covering her , before he leaned down and kissed her . 
 the kiss was slow , almost tender , but it held graham 's strength . 
 his lips were shaking , as though he wanted to take everything but stopped himself . 
 when he eased back , his grip tightened on her shoulders . 
 he looked down at her but shook his head , as though he debated something inside himself . 
 `` aw , screw it , '' he whispered . 
 misty 's heart fluttered as graham turned her around and transferred his grip to her arm . 
 he walked her ahead of him , across her yard and over the little bridge , lifting her in both hands as they got to the other side . 
 he set her on her feet on the grass beyond , where they 'd done the spell , and turned her to him , cupping her face in his hands and kissing her , again with tenderness . 
 then he slid his hands down her shirt and skimmed it up and off over her head . 
 misty automatically tried to cover herself , but graham pulled her arms apart and gazed down on her . 
 `` moon kissed , '' he said . 
 `` touched by the goddess . 
 beautiful . '' 
 graham gently tugged her ni ** les between his fingers , kissing her again , his tongue a slow caress in her mouth . 
 misty moved her hands to graham 's waist , popped open the button of his jeans , and slid her hand inside . 
 she found graham 's cock , hard and tight , hot against her hand . 
 she squeezed , and graham made a noise of pleasure in the kiss . 
 he let go of misty to unzip the jeans and drop them all the way , letting the denim pool around his ankles . 
 `` you are the sweetest thing , '' he said . 
 she slid her hand along his cock , his tip firm against her palm . 
 misty loved looking at him like this , a strong man bared for her , his head going back as he enjoyed her touch . 
 graham had never made any pretense of not wanting her . 
 he 'd looked at misty the first night as though he wondered what she 'd be like in bed . 
 if her friends had n't pulled her away , misty might have found out what he was like . 
 once they 'd started seeing each other , graham had held back , for many reasons , one of which , misty had come to understand , was not to hurt her . 
 now , he was giving her everything . 
 graham smiled as he pulled her into his arms , she still holding on to his cock . 
 as he kissed her , he unbuttoned her skirt and let it and her underwear drop to the grass . 
 he pulled her closer , his fingers warm on her bu ** ocks . 
 `` stay away from that damned human . '' 
 `` i told you , '' misty said , kissing his shoulder , `` he was talking to me as a friend . '' 
 `` friend , my ass , '' graham rumbled . 
 `` no , this is your ass . '' 
 misty pinched it . 
 `` little shit . 
 just for that ... '' graham wrapped one leg around misty 's , gently pulling her feet out from under her . 
 misty squeaked once and landed on her hands and knees . 
 she had no idea what he meant to do , until he slid his arm around her from behind . 
 graham 's shirt landed next to her on the grass . 
 he settled in behind her , covering her back with his large , hot body . 
 he positioned himself at her opening , his tip touching her . 
 `` i 'm not sure i can , '' she said , sucking in a breath . 
 `` you 're ... big . '' 
 `` yes , '' graham stroked her hair , his body warming hers . 
 `` but you can . '' 
 `` i 'm not a shifter . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i love that about you . '' 
 graham laughed softly , as though to himself , and then he was pushing inside her . 
 misty gulped air , all her muscles tightening . 
 no , he could n't . 
 she could n't . 
 another breath , and graham slid in another inch . 
 he stroked her hair , then her back , making soothing noises . 
 `` take me , misty . 
 be mine . '' 
 misty took another deep breath , and then she relaxed . 
 her body opened , and graham slid straight into her heat . 
 `` that 's it , '' graham 's voice went quiet , the gravel turning to velvet . 
 `` goddess , you 're good . 
 tight . 
 yes . '' 
 misty closed her eyes and groaned as he started to thrust . 
 in this position , she felt only him , and all thought dissolved . 
 nothing existed but graham , thick and hard inside her , the night , the grass prickling her hands and knees . 
 he went faster , hands on her back , beautiful friction . 
 his legs were strong against hers , his rhythm even , unceasing . 
 misty heard cries coming out of her mouth , floating to the sky to echo against the moon . 
 dimly she realized others would hear , but she could n't stop . 
 what graham did was so intense , so right , and her mouth wanted to let the world know her pleasure . 
 she grabbed his shirt from the ground and pressed it to her mouth , letting the cloth muffle the sounds . 
 it did n't dampen all the noise misty was making , and graham laughed at her . 
 `` sweet , sweet woman . 
 we 'll go up into the woods and do this all night , and you 'll scream as much as you want to . '' 
 yes . 
 misty pressed back to him , wanting more . 
 graham kept up his thrusts , harder and faster . 
 he held her , covering her with his warmth , his rumbling voice soothing . 
 misty had no idea what he said , but she loved his voice , clung to the sound . 
 it rolled over her like a warm wave , lifting her into the greatest pleasure . 
 more waves caught her , these of her coming apart . 
 she dropped the shirt , bunching it in her fist on the ground as she supported herself against his onslaught . 
 she heard her own voice , low and needy , oh , yes , graham . 
 please . 
 i love it . 
 i love you . 
 `` you 're beautiful , misty , '' graham whispered . 
 `` so f ** king beautiful . 
 damn it . '' 
 his words wound into a tight groan , and he hung on , his fingers hard on her soft flesh . 
 he kept thrusting as misty held herself up , gasping , laughing , groaning . 
 everything was slippery and hot , wild and bright . 
 `` goddess . '' 
 graham rocked back , fists light on misty 's back , coming into her one last time . 
 misty wriggled back on him , loving the tight fit , the heat , the crazy feeling . 
 then graham fell onto her , bracing himself to keep from crushing her . 
 he took her down onto the grass , and gathered her back into him , still joined with her . 
 graham kissed her face , her lips , her hair , arms wrapping around her . 
 `` damn , '' he said , and laughed . 
 `` that was f ** king wonderful . '' 
 `` yes , '' misty said , snuggling happily back into him . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 a lovely feeling . 
 misty hugged it to her as she held on to graham , letting herself bask in the moment . 
 graham and the moonlight shining on her , on her garden , on the flowers around them . 
 misty snuggled back into him , bringing his hard hand up to her mouth to kiss it . 
 she 'd been made for this night , she decided . 
 and misty was going to enjoy every last second of it . 
 graham gazed down at misty lying in her bed , exhausted after another round of lovemaking . 
 he 'd carried her in here , she already half-asleep . 
 xavier had decided to be discreet and guard the front , so misty had n't been embarrassed to be carried through the house , their clothes piled in a little heap on top of her . 
 she 'd drifted off after their last time , but graham did n't sleep . 
 he 'd gone for days without sleeping before , but this was the longest time he 'd lasted without true rest . 
 shifter wolves could lie in the sun and soak up warmth , relaxing to the point of sleep , but still being alert . 
 now graham was afraid even to doze . 
 he knew with every dream , oison grew closer , and he could n't afford to let him win . 
 he 'd make sure misty was safe-even if xavier , the traitor , had to guard her-then he 'd get with reid and eric and figure out a way to find oison and take him down . 
 they could n't wait much longer-oison might even now be preparing with his fae friends to round up shifters and start controlling them . 
 jace could help shifters remove collars , but it was problematic , and graham liked the direct approach , and he knew eric did too . 
 for now , he 'd enjoy his moment with misty . 
 graham nestled down into her warmth . 
 he loved her with his entire body , the mate bond snaking around his heart . 
 he 'd suspected the mate bond had been growing for months now , but he had n't let himself acknowledge it . 
 he 'd known it for certain when he 'd helped andrea cure misty with the herbal poultice andrea 's fae father had sent with her . 
 graham had felt the warmth in his heart , the burn that had touched him at the same moment misty had clutched her chest as though something burned her too . 
 graham reveled in it now , closing his eyes and drawing in misty 's scent . 
 come to me ... graham jerked awake . 
 at least , he hoped to the goddess he was awake . 
 moonlight filled misty 's room , the moon at the full . 
 moonlight was magical . 
 even shifters , who did n't much like magic , acknowledged that on the full moon , when the mother goddess was at her height , mystical things could happen . 
 fae worshipped the goddess too , just a weird aspect of her . 
 instead of the comforting mother figure , they liked the crone-like goddess who wove dark magics . 
 shifter . 
 you are mine ... son of a bitch . 
 graham scrambled up from the bed . 
 everything in him wanted to go find the voice , to do as it commanded . 
 he broke into a sweat as he fought the compulsion . 
 was this what would happen to all shifters ? 
 the fae made a connection with the shifter somehow-as oison had with the water spell-then used the further connection between sword and collar to make the shifter come to him . 
 to obey him without question . 
 graham could n't . 
 he needed to fight with everything he had . 
 if graham , one of the strongest shifters alive , could be gotten at this way , what chance did the rest of them have ? 
 he thought about dougal , and went cold . 
 well , if fae had magic , so did shifters , of a sort . 
 they had mates . 
 the touch of a true mate could heal , and the mate bond could protect against many things . 
 `` misty , '' graham touched her shoulder . 
 misty did n't respond . 
 her breathing was deep but so soft graham had to lean over her to catch it . 
 `` misty . 
 sweetheart . '' 
 she did n't wake . 
 graham shook her . 
 misty 's body moved , rubbery , and her skin was cool . 
 fear lacing him , graham shook her again , and again . 
 she was alive , but slumbering deeply . 
 graham patted her cheeks then harder , but she never woke . 
 oison must have done this-maybe the fae 's connection to misty through the water spell or the sword cut had n't been completely severed . 
 graham stopped shaking her and smoothed her hair , his hand unsteady . 
 `` he can do whatever he wants to me , '' graham said in a hard voice , `` but he 's not having you . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed her , and the mate bond tightened in his heart . 
 graham kissed misty 's forehead then her lips again , then he rested his fingers on her abdomen . 
 if what they 'd done this night and last had born fruit , graham would at least have that . 
 come to me ... the voice in his head was louder , more insistent , and graham 's body jerked . 
 the words were in fae , but graham understood them . 
 moonlight beamed brightly through the window , bathing misty and graham in white . 
 `` goddess go with them , '' graham whispered . 
 he touched misty 's face then her abdomen again , and left the room . 
 in the hall , he called reid but got his voice mail . 
 graham growled a message at him and flipped his phone closed . 
 he entered misty 's room again , placed his phone on top of her dresser , then moved to her window and slid through it with shifter stealth . 
 the pain inside him lessened as he left the house , the compulsion spell happy that graham was moving in the right direction . 
 graham took dougal 's bike from the end of the driveway and pushed it into the street . 
 the dx security man stationed here nodded at him , seeing nothing wrong in graham leaving when he pleased . 
 graham pushed the motorcycle quietly around the corner before he mounted and started it , its throbbing loud in the stillness . 
 come to me ! 
 `` all right , all right , i 'm coming , '' graham said out loud . 
 `` shut the f ** k up already . '' 
 chapter twenty-three misty woke when early sunshine slid its first rays into her window . 
 graham was gone , though the bed bore the indentation of his large body , and the covers were a mess . 
 she smiled , remembering the warmth of him around her , the wild passion of their lovemaking in the garden and later in bed . 
 as her fog of afterglow receded , though , she realized she could n't hear his voice rumbling through the house , or sense his presence as she often could . 
 she also saw , sitting on her low dresser , the black outline of graham 's small cell phone . 
 misty sat straight up . 
 `` oh , god , no . '' 
 she threw off the covers and scrambled out of the bed , and at the same time heard loud voices down the hall . 
 voices accompanied by frenzied yips . 
 misty quickly pulled on shorts and top , finger-combing her hair as she ran out of the room and to the front door . 
 xav was blocking it , he red-eyed and dark-chinned from staying up all night . 
 `` misty ! '' 
 dougal tried to lunge past xav , who barricaded the doorway with his body . 
 `` you 're all right . '' 
 `` yes , why would n't i - '' misty broke off as two tiny wolf bodies hurled themselves at her , matt and kyle climbing up her to nestle in her arms and lick her face , their tails moving furiously . 
 `` they came and found me , '' dougal said . 
 `` i was in bed at home-they kept trying to say you were in danger . 
 they would n't let me go back to sleep until i followed them . 
 they had me worried . '' 
 he bent to the cubs . 
 `` see ? 
 she 's fine . '' 
 kyle lifted his muzzle and howled . 
 matt nuzzled into misty 's neck , shivering . 
 `` i 'm all right , little guys , '' she said . 
 `` but graham 's gone . '' 
 dougal 's eyes widened , and he glared at xav , his collar sparking once . 
 `` gone where ? '' 
 `` no idea , '' xav said . 
 `` never said a word to me . 
 i saw him take the bike . '' 
 he gestured out the door where dougal 's motorcycle had been replaced by the small pickup dougal must have driven to get here . 
 `` i assumed he 'd gone home . 
 he left of his own accord , looking fine to me . '' 
 `` and you did n't think you should tell me ? '' 
 misty joined dougal in glaring at him . 
 `` you were asleep , '' xav said impatiently . 
 `` until dougal came charging over , i did n't figure he 'd done anything but gone back to shiftertown . '' 
 misty 's heart pounded and her head ached . 
 she knew graham was in trouble , though she did n't know how she knew it . 
 but the hollow in her heart , where the warmth had been , told her she needed to find graham and find him now . 
 the cubs had sensed the same thing , had herded dougal over here to ask misty what to do . 
 dougal was watching her , worry behind the hard-faced , bad-boy look he tried to maintain . 
 he was waiting for misty to take care of him , of the cubs , of the situation . 
 the cubs themselves clung to her . 
 even xav waited , though warily , for misty to decide what she would do . 
 mcneil needs you . 
 you can save him , but it has to be your choice . 
 the words of the odd man , ben , whom paul had brought to see her , echoed in her head . 
 i can save him how ? 
 misty had no idea . 
 she was a florist-she knew flowers and plants and how to sell them . 
 other than that , her specialty was feeding boys and absentminded fathers , and not being offended when they never acknowledged what she did . 
 she 'd known they 'd appreciated it , in their own way , but had been too caught up in their own worlds to say so . 
 misty was n't a warrior , or a being of magical power , or even a shifter . 
 she did n't know anything about fae-hadn ' t even heard of them until one had tried to take her and graham . 
 `` oh , yeah , '' dougal said , reaching into the back pocket of his jeans . 
 `` i forgot . 
 reid told me to give you this . '' 
 he handed her the little book of flower spells misty had let reid borrow . 
 misty shifted the cubs ' weight to take it , clutching the familiar leather cover between her fingers . 
 her heart beating faster , she stepped into her living room , still carrying the cubs . 
 dougal leaned on the wall in the hall , watching her with xav . 
 misty opened the book . 
 inside , she found the sticky note on which ben had written his name and telephone number the day he 'd come to the shop . 
 she was sure she 'd left that sticky note in her office , but here it was , inside the book on the vellum that separated the picture from the title page . 
 beneath ben 's handwriting was another . 
 call ben , it said . 
 ask him to help you . 
 it was signed , stuart reid . 
 misty stared at the note for a long time . 
 still looking at it , she went numbly into the kitchen , fished her cell phone out of her purse , and started tapping . 
 graham looked around the shallow cave he and misty had found when she 'd been trying to take him back to the fae one . 
 he 'd left dougal 's motorcycle near the shack at the bottom of the little hill and hiked his way up . 
 all the while , oison kept up the noise in graham 's head . 
 you are mine , battle beast . 
 come to me . 
 graham gave up trying to shut it out and fighting the need to go to him . 
 he had n't been able to ride the motorcycle anywhere but here without being in excruciating , dizzying pain . 
 he 'd explained everything carefully to reid in the phone message-graham could only wait and hope reid did what he was supposed to . 
 for now , graham stood in the dry , shallow cave , the temperature rising outside . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he called out . 
 `` where the hell are you ? '' 
 change . 
 graham did n't want to . 
 he wanted to stand upright and tell oison what he thought , right before he strangled the f ** king fae . 
 `` i 've come to kill you , '' graham said . 
 `` i 'm going to beat down your body then drag it back up , and beat it down again . 
 sound like fun ? '' 
 shift ! 
 the command flashed through graham like the worst of the collar 's shocking pain . 
 without him willing it , he started peeling off his clothes . 
 his body began to shift before he was finished . 
 the last of his shirt and underwear fell in shreds from him as his wolf limbs took form , and graham landed on all fours , a huge black wolf . 
 he snarled , then lifted his muzzle and howled . 
 the mournful wolf 's cry echoed through the small chamber . 
 at the same time , the wall at the rear cracked , shards of stone rattling down to the cave floor . 
 then the wall disappeared entirely and so did the dry cave . 
 a black , glassy obsidian floor swallowed up the dirt one , the trickle of the fountain pounded into graham 's brain , and flowering vines flowed toward him , their scents strong . 
 graham backed up , but the vines reached him and twined around his feet , climbing up his legs . 
 graham fought them , but the vines grew tighter , flowing back as soon as he pushed any aside . 
 one wrapped around his muzzle , and he bit the vine in half . 
 these plants were relentless . 
 in misty 's yard , he 'd thought her flowers pretty , but the ones here were terrifying . 
 trumpet flowers opened like mouths , and the puffball-like flowers grew until they were smothering pillows . 
 graham kept fighting . 
 he did n't notice oison until the fae was standing in the middle of the cave , near the fountain . 
 oison wore his chain mail and silver cloak again , with the sword in his hand , his white hair hanging in braids to his waist . 
 he spoke in fae , but graham understood every word . 
 `` if you think your dokk alfar will help you , think again , '' oison said . 
 `` you tipped your hand , playing your ironmaster too soon . 
 i fortified myself against him . 
 there he is . '' 
 oison pointed with the sword . 
 at one end of the cave , which graham could barely see through all the damn flowers , was a wall of ice . 
 the ice floe was huge , hundreds of feet high and at least fifty feet wide . 
 in the middle of it was a dark smudge , only just discernable . 
 `` dokk alfars are beings of earth , '' oison said . 
 `` they master it . 
 i trapped him with the element i master-water . 
 the dokk alfar is still alive , enjoying every pleasure of being frozen almost to death inside ice . '' 
 graham snarled , still fighting the vines . 
 he made himself shift back to his human form , though it hurt like hell . 
 his collar went off , driving pain into him , but graham forced himself through , ending up on his human feet . 
 fighting the flowers and vines was easier with his hands , and he managed to drag them from his face . 
 `` i 'm not fighting your wars for you , '' graham spat . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 `` not war . 
 not yet , '' oison said , sounding far too calm . 
 `` my colleagues are right that it 's too soon for war . 
 but they 're wrong that it 's too soon to bring in the shifters . 
 you will pull others to me-you have a hundred of what you call lupines under your command , do you not ? 
 i will train you to obey and to submit . 
 you will also breed new shifters for us . 
 once you have multiplied , in a few generations , then it will be time for war . 
 good thing we made shifters to be long-lived . '' 
 graham snarled , pulling another vine from his face . 
 `` not gon na happen . '' 
 `` yes , it will . '' 
 graham kept up his defiance , but his body felt as icy as the wall that encased reid . 
 the vines wove relentlessly around his limbs , pulling him down to the black floor . 
 they doubled in speed , pinning his body to the ground , spinning over him in a mesh that soon blotted out all light . 
 misty unloaded dougal and the cubs from her truck , unlocked her store , and let everyone in . 
 no one had come to work on the place this early , but misty could see that dx security and the shifters had done a great job so far . 
 the broken glass and ceramic had been swept away , the shelves rebuilt . 
 the front doors still needed to be replaced as well as the main counter , but the store was coming along . 
 xav had accompanied her , not wanting to let misty out of his sight . 
 he was responsible for her , he said . 
 his job . 
 he 'd brought several security guys who stationed themselves around the front and back in the parking lot . 
 misty took the cubs into her office and set them on the desk . 
 `` all right , you two . 
 you said you were playing in that basement in shiftertown , and all the sudden you were here , in the back of a car . '' 
 she leaned closer to them . 
 `` tell me now , how did you get there ... really ? '' 
 the wolves looked up at her , innocent-faced , and dougal growled at them . 
 one of the wolves shifted . 
 he had hazel eyes-matt . 
 he hunkered down , hiding his body , but misty had the feeling it was out of shamefacedness , not modesty . 
 `` we hid in the car , '' matt said , his voice small . 
 `` kyle said you and graham would be mad , so we had to hide . 
 the car was unlocked . '' 
 `` was it ? '' 
 misty asked , giving them a skeptical look . 
 the guy who 'd been driving it had sworn up and down he 'd locked it . 
 he worked for a top security firm and was careful about things like that . 
 matt glanced at kyle , who was still a wolf . 
 `` maybe dougal taught us how to break into cars , '' matt said . 
 `` hey , you little monsters ... '' dougal began . 
 `` not important . '' 
 misty raised her voice . 
 `` i need you two to show me exactly where you came out . '' 
 `` okay , '' matt said , and shifted back into a wolf . 
 he and kyle scrambled from the desk , their bodies wriggling as they tried to land softly . 
 matt yipped when he hit the floor , but was up again , racing to the door to scratch on it . 
 `` i did n't teach them to break into cars , '' dougal said as misty opened the door so the cubs could scamper out . 
 he did n't look misty in the eye , so he might be lying , he might not . 
 `` how to pick locks , yeah , but different kinds . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` do n't tell graham . '' 
 `` i do n't have to . '' 
 misty gave him an exasperated look . 
 `` just ... do n't teach them anything else , all right ? '' 
 dougal sent her a grin that showed he might in time become as hard and fearless as graham . 
 `` i 'm their honorary uncle . 
 i 'm supposed to be a little wild . '' 
 misty patted his arm . 
 `` you 're awesome , dougal . '' 
 `` aw . 
 you 're just saying that . '' 
 the cubs , let into the main part of the store , immediately ran to the unlocked front door , pushed it open with body weight and determination , and started racing across the parking lot . 
 chapter twenty-four `` hey , no dogs allowed in here . '' 
 pedro pointed a broad finger at misty and xav standing slightly behind her . 
 `` sorry , those are the rules . 
 health department . '' 
 matt and kyle started around the counter of the convenience store , growling and snapping at pedro , unhappy about being called dogs . 
 dougal lunged for them and grabbed one cub under each arm . 
 `` they sure are cute little guys , '' pedro said , looking them over . 
 `` what kind are they ? '' 
 the store was empty except for pedro at the moment . 
 no one was at the gas pumps this early , and traffic was sparse on the roads . 
 `` wolf , '' dougal said . 
 `` wolf hybrids ? '' 
 pedro reached out to pet kyle . 
 `` no . '' 
 dougal said . 
 `` all wolf . '' 
 pedro jerked his hand back at the same time dougal 's t-shirt moved to show his collar above the neckband . 
 pedro lowered his hand and swallowed . 
 `` no shifters either . 
 sorry . 
 owner 's policy . '' 
 `` we 'll be out in no time , '' misty said brightly . 
 `` promise . 
 you two . '' 
 she pointed a finger at first matt then kyle . 
 `` where ? 
 and no goofing around . '' 
 kyle and matt wriggled to get down . 
 dougal set them on their feet then followed close behind the cubs , misty after him . 
 pedro stayed put , watching , but not moving to stop them . 
 matt and kyle led them to a door marked `` private , '' then behind that to the stockroom , and to where the refrigerated goods were stored . 
 both cubs sat down and started whimpering . 
 `` they 're saying the ley line comes out here , '' dougal said to misty . 
 `` in the back of a convenience store ? '' 
 `` probably the convenience store was built over it . '' 
 misty looked around . 
 a stockroom was a stockroom-shelves of things to replace what was bought , door to a small office , door to a bathroom , large back door for deliveries . 
 `` does the ley line automatically work , or do you have to do something to activate it ? 
 i ca n't believe it 's automatic . 
 i think people would have started noticing employees disappearing from the convenience store stockroom over the years . '' 
 `` you have to do something , '' a new voice said . 
 ben was standing in the shadows , the man 's short , broad appearance making him look like a creature from fairy stories . 
 which , in the circumstances , was n't comforting . 
 `` this is why you need me . '' 
 xavier had his taser at the ready , and dougal growled and stepped protectively in front of misty . 
 ben came out of the shadows , regarding dougal and xav fearlessly . 
 the cubs echoed dougal 's snarls and rushed at ben , not holding back . 
 ben took a step away and raised his hands . 
 `` it 's all right , little guys . 
 i 'm not going to hurt her . '' 
 kyle and matt eased off , though they kept up little growls as they sniffed ben 's running shoes . 
 xav did n't back down . 
 `` the cubs might believe you , but i do n't , '' he said . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm ben . 
 misty called me . 
 she needs my help . '' 
 `` you smell wrong , '' dougal 's nose wrinkled . 
 `` in fact , you stink . '' 
 `` yeah , i get that a lot , but only from shifters . '' 
 ben grinned . 
 `` humans like the way i smell . '' 
 `` not exactly , '' xavier said . 
 `` you 're not human , '' dougal said , looking at ben 's tight , flat face , scarred from whatever fights he 'd had . 
 `` no kidding , '' ben said , but let that interesting answer hang . 
 `` misty , do you want to save graham or not ? '' 
 `` of course i want to save him . '' 
 misty tried to push past dougal and xav , but could n't . 
 dougal stood fast , his body almost as solidly strong as graham 's . 
 `` you said on the phone he was in faerie . 
 how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i know when a gate opens . 
 and one did , early this morning . 
 then you called and said your boyfriend was missing-i put two and two together . 
 the fae must have compelled him to come . 
 only you can get him away . '' 
 `` me ? 
 how ? 
 i have no idea what do to . '' 
 ben gestured to the book she 'd brought with her . 
 `` it 's in there . 
 everything you need to know . '' 
 misty glanced at it then back at ben , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` how do you know what 's in the book ? 
 i did n't have it with me when i talked to you . '' 
 `` because i wrote it . '' 
 misty looked ben over again , the feeling of wrongness about him increasing . 
 xav made a noise of disbelief . 
 `` you wrote it , '' misty said , `` back in 1907 ? '' 
 ben nodded . 
 `` yep . 
 i 've been around . 
 the fae have tried to return to the human world before ... the last time was early in the twentieth century . 
 they used interest in the standing stones , the growing popularity of the occult , ouija boards , mediums , whatever they could , to try to find a way back in . 
 i wrote these spells for humans , so they could counteract coercive fae magic if necessary . 
 the book was very popular at the time , though most humans did n't realize how magical it was . '' 
 misty ran her hands over the leather cover and opened to the frontispiece and the color plate of an heirloom rose . 
 `` did you do the pictures ? '' 
 `` nah , do n't have the talent . 
 i hired an artist . 
 he did a good job . '' 
 misty closed the book again . 
 `` i 'm still stuck on the part where you wrote it in 1907 . '' 
 dougal broke in , his voice fierce . 
 `` means he has something other than human blood in him . 
 he 's not shifter , though . 
 are you fae ? '' 
 ben laughed . 
 `` no way . 
 ask your dokk alfar . 
 i 'm not dokk alfar either , but he knows . '' 
 misty listened to the exchange in impatience . 
 `` what in this book lets me open the ley line , so i can find graham ? '' 
 `` it opens a path along the ley line . 
 page forty-six . '' 
 misty flipped to it and read the words printed in a fancy typeface , surrounded by line drawings of flowers . 
 violets , forget-me-nots , yellow roses , and a sprinkle of rosemary , scattered in a swirl . 
 call the blessings of the goddess , turn thrice clockwise , and chant the letters of your name in reverse . 
 misty looked up at ben . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 ben shrugged . 
 `` turning in circles and saying things backward was popular at the time . 
 the important part is the type of flowers and the pattern , which you lay directly on a ley line . 
 and call to the goddess , because you will need her protection . 
 do n't do this without her . '' 
 ben paused , his dark eyes in this dim light like pools of blackness . 
 `` seriously . '' 
 `` misty , '' xav said . 
 `` who is this guy , and why are you listening to him ? '' 
 misty faced xav , her chest tight . 
 she 'd been holding herself clenched so that her worry for graham would n't reduce her to a puddle of ineffectual nothing . 
 `` someone who might help me get to graham . 
 i 'm willing to do anything , no matter how crazy , to help him . 
 understand ? '' 
 xavier looked down at her for a long time . 
 he 'd been guarding her in the house and store since her adventure in the desert , and he 'd been witness to every shift in misty 's relationship with graham . 
 she saw in xav 's eyes now that he knew she 'd chosen graham and would never have interest in a human ex-cop . 
 a shifter had gotten under misty 's skin , and she saw that xav understood . 
 `` all right . 
 but i 'm sticking by you , and keeping an eye on this one . '' 
 xav gestured with his taser to ben . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 misty turned from him and read the words again . 
 `` violets and forget-me-nots . 
 you did n't live in this climate , did you ? '' 
 `` ireland , '' ben said . 
 `` at the time . '' 
 `` rosemary is easy . 
 i have some growing at home , plus there 's always the supermarket . 
 these other two ... damn it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 dougal asked in alarm . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'd have these flowers in stock , but the gang boys destroyed everything . 
 this means i have to buy from a rival florist , one that would be happy to see me go out of business . 
 i swear , when i get graham back safely , i 'll let him visit sam flores , wherever he 's been stashed , and kick his sorry behind . '' 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 dougal flashed her his grin again , the one that said he liked any excuse for trouble . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 misty punched numbers into her phone . 
 `` hi , '' she said to the pleasant-voiced woman who answered the phone . 
 `` i 'd like to place an order . 
 a rush . 
 in fact , i 'll pick it up from you . 
 yes , i know a rush is extra ... '' an hour later , misty and xav returned from the florist with bunches of purple , blue , and yellow flowers . 
 the owner of the flower store had pretended to be very sympathetic to the vandalism to misty 's shop , saying she would n't blame misty for closing . 
 `` so dangerous , sometimes , to run a small place on your own , '' the woman had said . 
 `` we could always find a job for you in one of our shops , if you want it . '' 
 `` i 'm not closing , '' misty had answered , irritated . 
 `` i 'm waiting for the rest of my repairs then i 'm back in business . '' 
 `` oh , '' the woman had said , giving her a false smile . 
 `` that 's so brave of you . '' 
 misty had taken her flowers without further word and departed . 
 xav helped unload them from her car back at her own shop , where dougal and ben had waited with the cubs . 
 misty thrust the bunches of flowers into ben 's , dougal 's , and xav 's hands and told them to follow her back to the convenience store . 
 `` i hope no one sees me like this , '' dougal said . 
 he glanced around , as though worried other shifters , the grizzly brothers maybe , would pull up , point to dougal with his arms full of blue blossoms , and laugh . 
 `` suck it up , '' misty said . 
 she gave dougal a smile to soften her words . 
 `` hey , graham 's right about that saying-it 's useful . '' 
 she led the way back into pedro 's store . 
 pedro only sighed when misty asked to use the back room for a few more minutes and agreed , as long the owner did n't find out . 
 he did n't ask questions-pedro had once told misty he 'd seen it all . 
 maybe misty charging into his storeroom with two wolf cubs , a shifter , an armed security guy , and a whatever-he-was carrying armloads of flowers was n't the oddest thing he 'd ever encountered . 
 misty followed ben to the spot he indicated , and started laying the flowers in the patterns specified by the book . 
 it seemed a shame to toss the blossoms to the floor , when they would look beautiful arranged in a big vase-small purple blooms of the violets and the vibrant blue of the forget-me-nots against the large yellow roses . 
 the florist had carried rosemary sprigs as well , in bloom . 
 their spiky leaves and tiny , pale blue flowers would also look good in the arrangement . 
 the pungent scent of rosemary mixed with the heady odor of roses as misty worked . 
 she laid the flowers out in a swirling pattern , leaving enough room in the middle of it for herself and her companions . 
 then she stripped the rosemary from its stems , as the book told her , and sprinkled the little leaves over the rest of the flowers . 
 `` now the circles ? '' 
 misty asked , thumbing to the page in the book . 
 `` the blessing of the goddess first , '' ben said . 
 `` that 's the most important thing . 
 the other stuff is ... pizzazz . '' 
 misty held the book closed , her finger on the spell . 
 `` how do i call the goddess ? 
 i 've never done that before . '' 
 `` i know how , '' dougal said . 
 he handed the cubs to ben and stepped to misty in the circle . 
 matt and kyle settled down in ben 's big arms , having decided he was a friend . 
 dougal took misty 's hands . 
 his were more rawboned than graham 's , but just as large and strong . 
 `` think of deepest moonlight , '' dougal said . 
 `` close your eyes , and picture it . '' 
 as soon as misty shut her eyes , she saw moonlight as it had poured into her backyard last night when graham had lain over her , his weight warming . 
 his eyes had filled with reflected moonlight as he 'd thrust into her , his lovemaking rough , but his hands so gentle . 
 misty thought she could feel the cool light here in this dim storeroom . 
 a calm stole over her , one sweetly peaceful . 
 `` the goddess , '' dougal said in a soft voice . 
 `` be with us . '' 
 he twined his fingers more tightly with misty 's . 
 `` i ask your blessings to be upon misty , as she walks the dangerous path . '' 
 more peace . 
 a breeze touched her cheek , one so tender misty wanted to melt . 
 `` and on dougal , '' misty said softly . 
 `` and the cubs , and ben . '' 
 a sigh , a breath , perhaps a faint laugh . 
 misty opened her eyes . 
 the sense of the moonlight evaporated , and she stood again in the dingy storeroom , its fluorescent lights flickering . 
 `` well done , '' ben said . 
 he handed the cubs to dougal . 
 `` now the turning and the chanting . 
 has to happen . 
 dougal , stay close to her , so that when she goes through , you do too . '' 
 misty stopped . 
 `` no , no , dougal is staying here . 
 with the cubs . 
 i thought you 'd be coming with me , '' she said to ben . 
 ben shook his head . 
 `` the way to faerie is sealed for me and my kind . 
 was ages ago . 
 dougal can protect you-he 's stronger than he knows . '' 
 `` not the cubs , '' misty said firmly . 
 `` you can cub-sit . '' 
 `` yeah , '' dougal agreed , and tried to shove the wolves back at ben . 
 ben took a step back and raised his hands . 
 `` oh , no , you 'll need those little guys . 
 trust me . 
 they 're essential . '' 
 dougal and misty looked at each other . 
 `` graham will take my head off for bringing them , '' dougal said , worried . 
 the two wolves stared up at misty with perfect confidence . 
 she reached out and petted each of their heads in turn . 
 `` why do you want me to take them ? '' 
 misty asked ben . 
 except ben was n't there . 
 he was gone , the half-empty shelves in the stockroom silent . 
 `` crap , '' xav said , looking around wildly . 
 `` i do n't like that guy . '' 
 misty took a cub , kyle , and cuddled him into the circle of her arm . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 we might as well take these two , '' she said , heaving a sigh . 
 `` they 'd probably just find a way to follow us . '' 
 matt and kyle wagged tails and squirmed in delight . 
 dougal moved his head as matt started licking his chin . 
 `` why do we have to use this spell ? 
 when you went through the basement , and when the cubs did , you did n't have to use flowers and rituals . '' 
 `` do n't ask me . '' 
 misty rubbed the top of kyle 's head . 
 `` but if this works , i do n't care . '' 
 `` crazy fae shit , '' dougal said . 
 `` how about we worry about it after we find graham ? 
 start twirling . '' 
 `` clockwise . '' 
 misty held kyle more firmly and turned to her right . 
 once , twice , three times . 
 `` y-t-s-i-m . '' 
 she stopped . 
 the air conditioner clicked on with a rattle . 
 another light flickered . 
 but they remained in place , flowers scattered around them . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 dougal asked . 
 misty checked the book . 
 `` yes . '' 
 no . 
 names , those were important , the book said-the difference between what a person was called , and her true name . 
 misty closed the book and did the turning again . 
 `` a-s-s-i-l-e-mmm ... holy crap . '' 
 she 'd stopped moving but seemed to be still spinning in place . 
 the flowers lifted around her , circling her , petals leading stems . 
 yellow , blue , violet , yellow , blue , violet . 
 faster and faster , making her dizzy . 
 in the blaze of petals and scent-rose , violet , rosemary , forget-me-not-misty reached out and latched her hand around dougal 's wrist . 
 xav shouted . 
 misty felt xav 's warm fingers on her arm , and then they slipped away , disappearing . 
 the whirlwind increased , the vortex sucking them somewhere . 
 misty could n't think or see , hear or smell anymore . 
 she could only feel the steel strength of dougal 's arm under her hand , and the warm body of kyle against her chest . 
 the whirling dropped away , the flowers falling at once . 
 dead , petals and leaves brown . 
 but scents and color lingered . 
 misty was in a cave with a smooth black floor , covered in vines of colorful flowers , their scents so strong they were sickening . 
 the fountain she remembered burbled enticingly in the center of the cave . 
 other than that , all was quiet . 
 no one was there , not oison , not graham . 
 xav was gone too , left behind . 
 misty 's hand remained on dougal 's arm . 
 he moved closer to her , matt whimpering . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 dougal 's whisper was loud in the relative silence . 
 misty looked around the cave . 
 it was dark , but again lit from above , as though cracks opened to sunlight . 
 if she found the entrance to the cave , would she emerge in the hot nevada desert ? 
 or someplace strange to her ? 
 `` matt , '' dougal said frantically . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 matt had wriggled hard out of dougal 's arms . 
 kyle kicked free of misty at the same time and landed on his paws , running as soon as he hit the ground . 
 `` kyle , matt ! '' 
 misty yelled . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she ran after the two cubs , who were loping off into the darker part of the cave . 
 she jumped over ropes of flowers she swore reached up to grab her as she passed . 
 dougal came behind , his human snarls changing to wolf 's . 
 the cave went on for a long way . 
 the daylight faded , the only light a strange glow from beneath the fountain 's water . 
 misty heard matt and kyle 's yipping ahead . 
 she kicked at a lady banks ' rose vine trying to wind around her foot , and kept going . 
 she found matt and kyle pawing at a huge mound of flowers . 
 ropes of stems wound tightly around themselves , topped with vibrant flowers that shone in the eerie light . 
 kyle and matt pawed vigorously , little bodies moving as they tried to shove aside the vines . 
 whatever was under there , they wanted it . 
 `` will you listen to me if i tell you to leave it alone ? '' 
 misty asked them . 
 no response . 
 frantic digging . 
 yipping that turned into wild howling as soon as they made a hole in the vines . 
 all misty 's breath went out of her . 
 she fell to her knees , shoving aside the flowers matt and kyle had loosened . 
 beneath them was graham 's face . 
 his eyes were closed , his skin pale , the scars and shadow of dark beard stark on his bloodless skin . 
 chapter twenty-five `` no ! '' 
 dougal shifted back to human even as he dropped beside misty , his big hands scrabbling to move the vines . 
 `` uncle graham . 
 no ! '' 
 his last word ended in a long wail , which held the pathos of a wolf 's howl . 
 dougal lifted his head and cried out to the echoing cave , then he put his hands over his face and bowed his body , rocking in grief . 
 misty , her heart pounding until it ached , pulled at the vines over graham . 
 graham-this strong , amazing man-couldn ' t be dead . 
 could n't . 
 seeing him unmoving , not breathing , was a knife to her heart . 
 `` dougal , '' she said sharply , trying to cut through his wails . 
 `` help me uncover him . '' 
 dougal raised his head . 
 his face was red and streaked with tears , and he sniffled , unashamed . 
 he unfolded himself enough to pull at the vines . 
 the flowers were tough , and they fought back . 
 misty had spent years cutting flowers and sticking them into vases or baskets , where they 'd last a while , then wither and die . 
 she had the sickening feeling that the plants were taking their vengeance for all those flowers misty had used . 
 `` harvesting flowers helps the whole plant , '' misty said firmly to them . 
 `` reinvigorates it , makes more buds . '' 
 the vines did n't care . 
 they reached for her , wrapping around her hands and arms , trying to drag her away from graham . 
 dougal , with amazing strength , ripped them away . 
 he growled as he changed into a wolf , a black beast , like graham , with silver eyes . 
 dougal 's wolf tore the vines , dragging them out of the way . 
 he revealed graham 's torso , his neck with its collar , his naked chest , his arms bound by the vines , which followed the lines of his tatts . 
 misty put her hand over graham 's heart . 
 through the pounding of her own pulse , she felt nothing . 
 barely able to breathe , misty leaned down and rested her ear against his cold chest . 
 there . 
 a flutter . 
 a small but strong beat , a long pause , and another beat . 
 graham 's chest rose the slightest bit before falling again . 
 misty sat up . 
 `` he 's alive . 
 dougal , he 's alive ! '' 
 dougal kept tearing away the vines . 
 he did n't acknowledge her announcement but kept pulling , with teeth and claws , growling when a vine proved too tough to move . 
 the vines holding graham 's arms and legs refused to budge . 
 dougal and misty pulled the rest of the flowers away from graham 's chest , but thick , tough stems wrapped his limbs and held him in place . 
 `` graham . '' 
 misty touched his face , patted his cheek . 
 `` graham , wake up . '' 
 graham did n't move . 
 dougal put one big paw on graham 's chest and shook him , his mournful howls returning . 
 through it all , matt and kyle remained to one side , as though realizing they could n't move the vines with their small paws . 
 they sat together now , pressed tightly together , watching as misty and dougal tried to wake graham . 
 `` now would be a great time for reid to pop in and save the day , '' misty said . 
 she waited , just in case . 
 nothing happened , no reid , no response from graham . 
 dougal shifted back to his human form , snarling a little as his limbs jerked . 
 `` reid left us to rot , '' he said . 
 `` fucking fae . 
 they all stick together . '' 
 rock clicked together somewhere , as though a spatter of gravel had fallen . 
 both misty and dougal froze , but the sound was n't repeated . 
 misty pulled away several determined vines that had crept back over graham . 
 `` we have to wake him up . '' 
 `` do n't you think we 've been trying ? '' 
 dougal growled . 
 `` uncle graham ! 
 wake the hell up , already ! '' 
 he shook graham , hard . 
 tears trickled from dougal 's eyes again , his fear stark . 
 `` he ca n't die , '' he sobbed . 
 `` i 'll be alone . '' 
 `` no , you wo n't , '' misty said quickly . 
 `` you have these little guys . 
 and me . 
 and other shifters . '' 
 dougal shook his head . 
 `` if graham leaves me alone , the other wolves will kill me . 
 they know i ca n't lead them . '' 
 misty put her arm around dougal , then rested her forehead on his bare arm , pulling him into a hug . 
 she 'd been around shifters enough by now to know how a touch and embrace could calm them . 
 misty stroked dougal 's long back until dougal quieted a little . 
 `` graham wo n't let that happen , '' she said . 
 `` because we 're going to wake him up . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 dougal went back to his hunkering . 
 `` we do n't know what 's wrong with him . 
 he 's fae-spelled . 
 he 's dying . '' 
 `` be quiet a minute . '' 
 misty fished around in the fallen vines for her leather-bound book . 
 she opened it , leafing through the pages . 
 a few flowers raised their heads next to her , as though reading with her , which gave her the creeps . 
 the book had no table of contents and no index . 
 misty had to turn every page to find out if there was anything in the book that might help at all . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 misty paused on a page about halfway through the volume . 
 `` for enchanted sleep . 
 did he mean to release from ? 
 or to create ? '' 
 dougal did n't answer , sinking into his own fears again . 
 `` let 's see . 
 roses-no surprise-all these spells seem to have roses . 
 irises , a little trickier . 
 plus honeysuckle . 
 blend petals together , mix in water , and sprinkle over the victim . 
 hmm . 
 i do n't like the sound of ` victim . ' 
 call down the power of the father god , and keep the victim warm . 
 what does that mean ? 
 calling the power of the father god . 
 praying ? '' 
 dougal raised his head again , his voice hoarse with his crying . 
 `` the father god is represented by the sun , '' he said . 
 `` probably means uncle graham has to be in sunlight . '' 
 the cave was very dark , the patches of sunlight far behind them . 
 `` well , we 'll work on that , '' misty said . 
 `` plus the water . '' 
 the fountain burbled , sounding louder , as though enticing misty to use it . 
 but the fountain 's water was how they 'd gotten into this mess in the first place . 
 one thing at a time . 
 `` flowers , i can do , '' misty said . 
 `` i see roses , honeysuckle , and even irises . 
 over there . '' 
 she pointed to a line of purple and white flowers sticking up from spearlike leaves not far from them . 
 `` you 're going to tear up the flowers in here ? '' 
 dougal asked . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 they 'll try to strangle you . '' 
 `` they 'll have to deal with it . 
 i 'm trying this spell . '' 
 how misty would find safe water and sunlight , she did n't know , but as she 'd told herself , one thing at a time . 
 `` hey-wait ! '' 
 dougal was on his feet , yelling . 
 `` come back here , you little shits ! '' 
 misty scrambled up as well , her fear intensifying . 
 matt and kyle were running away , twisting and turning through the vines until they were swallowed in darkness . 
 `` matt ! 
 kyle ! 
 no ! '' 
 misty screamed . 
 dougal took a step forward , then back again , torn by indecision . 
 `` i ca n't leave you alone , '' he moaned . 
 `` yes , you can . 
 go find them . 
 i 'll stay with graham . 
 there 's enough light . 
 you 'll make it back . '' 
 misty rubbed dougal 's shoulder as he hesitated . 
 `` you can do this , dougal . 
 you know you can . 
 you 're his second , remember ? '' 
 dougal took a long breath , drawing himself up at misty 's words . 
 he nodded at her , mouth set in a grim line , then he loped off in the cubs ' wake . 
 misty sank down again , still clutching the book , as though it were a lifeline . 
 graham lay so still it broke her heart . 
 misty touched his face , trailing her fingertips along the rough of his beard . 
 `` i love you , '' she said quietly . 
 she smiled as she touched his lips . 
 `` i love how you ca n't talk at anything less than a yell . 
 i love how strong you are , and how gorgeous you always look . 
 i love that you growl and snarl but let people laugh at you , especially when you know they 're weaker than you are . 
 i love how you agreed to take care of matt and kyle , and i love how you take care of dougal without letting him know it . 
 and i love how you touch me . '' 
 graham did n't move . 
 he lay still , no flush of life in his skin . 
 misty drew her hands down to his chest . 
 `` when you touch me , i feel alive . 
 i spent my life taking care of other people-i love that now you take care of me . 
 you make sure i 'm all right before you leave me . 
 i used to think you did n't care when you 'd send me home alone , but i know now that if it had n't been safe for me to go , you would n't have let me . 
 you 'd have come with me or sent someone to make sure i was all right . '' 
 misty ran her fingers over graham 's collar , which was bone cold . 
 `` you snarl at me because i always want to talk , and then you let me do it . 
 and you listen , even when you pretend not to . '' 
 she leaned down and kissed his cool lips . 
 `` that 's why i love you , graham mcneil , '' she said . 
 `` because you 're a good man , even though you pretend not to be . 
 you take me for who i am , and do n't want me to be anything else . '' 
 another kiss . 
 `` and you make me feel so wonderful , i could lie in your arms forever . 
 and i will . '' 
 misty kissed him again , gently , savoring the satin feel of his lips . 
 `` as soon as i wake you up , get you free , and take you home . '' 
 misty heard scampering claws and dougal 's irritated tones , and the wolf cubs ran back to her . 
 dougal carried a backpack that he dropped at misty 's feet . 
 inside were sports bottles of water , along with bags of chips and a few candy bars . 
 misty grabbed for a water bottle . 
 `` where did you get this stuff ? '' 
 `` the cubs . 
 when i found them , they were dragging this between them . '' 
 the two wolves were wagging tails , clumsily digging into the bag to pull out various packets of chips . 
 misty eyed them severely . 
 the cubs seemed to be able to walk the ley lines without spells , and she knew where they 'd found the stuff . 
 `` did you two go back to the convenience store and take this out of the stockroom ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that 's stealing . '' 
 kyle started yipping then changed to his human form to answer her . 
 `` we did n't take it out of the stockroom . 
 we came on the ley line back here . 
 so , it 's sorta still in the store , right ? '' 
 `` not if you eat it , '' misty said to matt , who 'd clawed open a bag of chips . 
 but she needed what they 'd brought too much to put much heart in her scolding . 
 misty opened one of the waters and took a drink . 
 it tasted clean with just a hint of plastic , as commercially bottled water normally did . 
 she remembered the unbelievable clarity of the fae water she 'd drunk , and took another pull of the warm bottled water . 
 she 'd take the plastic taste anytime . 
 matt had his head and half his body inside the big bag of chips , crunching happily , tail wagging . 
 misty handed the water bottle to dougal . 
 `` hold this . 
 it 's time for these flowers to give back . '' 
 she got to her feet . 
 she 'd feel better if she had a good set of shears and some gloves , but she 'd have to do what she could with her bare hands . 
 misty had never before cut flowers that fought back , and she hoped to heaven she never had to again . 
 she grabbed at the yellow lady banks ' rose that had tried to trip her before-its vines twined around her arms , thorns out . 
 blood dripped from her fingers , but misty relentlessly seized blossoms and stripped three of their petals . 
 the petals fell , inert , to the floor , though the vines still tried to grip her . 
 dougal helped her fight her way free . 
 once misty stopped trying to harvest the petals , the rose vines snaked away , lying still . 
 `` they 're only plants , '' she said in a loud voice . 
 `` able to move on their own , but without a true mind to guide them . 
 instinct only . '' 
 dougal pointed to the petals . 
 `` what do i do with these ? '' 
 misty started sweeping them into a pile . 
 `` find something for me to put them in . '' 
 dougal looked around and came up with a shallow stone that was slightly concave . 
 misty piled the petals on it , then made her way across the vines to the irises . 
 the irises did n't fight her as much as the roses had , though the leaves mindlessly tried to drive themselves into her skin . 
 kyle , who 'd followed her , yapped at the plant while misty pulled off the blossoms , separating the mouthlike petals . 
 the honeysuckles tried to entwine her when she plucked off the flowers , but these vines at least lacked thorns . 
 they were strong , though . 
 dougal had to help rip her free . 
 misty piled the petals on the stone , mixed them together , and poured water from the sports bottle over them . 
 the runny , petal-y mush was pungent . 
 `` how do i call the power of the father god ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` the cracks for the sun are a long way from here . '' 
 `` um . '' 
 dougal sank down on his knees , gently pushing matt aside to go through the backpack . 
 matt sat on his haunches , still crunching , his whiskers full of salt and chip dust . 
 kyle whined at him . 
 `` here . '' 
 dougal grinned in triumph and folded down a zipped pocket of the backpack . 
 `` mirror . '' 
 he ripped a small square mirror free of the stitching that held it in place . 
 `` will that be big enough ? 
 how far can light reflect ? '' 
 `` hang on . '' 
 dougal got to his feet and jogged away , his step exuberant . 
 he came back wearing his jeans again , his wallet in his hands . 
 `` there 's a little piece of mirror in here , '' he said . 
 `` came with the wallet . 
 maybe we can set up a relay . '' 
 `` you work on that-the cubs can help you . 
 i 'll do the sprinkling and try to get graham free of these vines . '' 
 dougal saluted her , a mirror in each hand . 
 `` you heard her , kids . 
 help uncle dougal . 
 matt , stop eating . '' 
 matt shook himself free of another bag of chips and trotted off after dougal and kyle . 
 misty mixed the petals in the water with her hands , then lifted the mess and dribbled it over graham 's body . 
 water pattered down to bead on his skin . 
 roses and the wet stamens of honeysuckle , the purple and white streaked petals of iris dropped on him , sticking to his chest and arms , curling around his tatts . 
 misty knew graham was truly out then , because he 'd have snarled at flowers covering his tatts . 
 something bright flashed into misty 's eyes . 
 dougal 's voice carried across the cave . 
 `` hold it still , move it to the right . 
 the right . 
 no , the other right . 
 goddess . '' 
 the light moved around wildly , winking in the darkness . 
 a wavering beam slid onto graham 's body , faint but clear . 
 `` there ! '' 
 misty shouted at him . 
 `` it 's touching him . '' 
 `` now call the blessing , '' dougal yelled back . 
 `` what do i say ? '' 
 `` keep it simple . 
 the blessings of the father god be upon you . '' 
 `` the blessings of the father god be upon you , graham , '' misty repeated quickly . 
 her words drifted into silence . 
 the beam wavered again , spearing the wall and falling onto a strand of vine . 
 the vine shrank away from the reflection , receding into the wall . 
 weird , misty thought dimly , because plants usually tried to push their way toward sunlight . 
 somewhere in the darkness , she heard little voices say , `` hold it still . '' 
 `` you 're moving it . '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 misty started scooping more water and blossoms onto graham , every drop , every petal . 
 `` damn it , graham . 
 wake up ! '' 
 the vines around graham jerked . 
 misty sucked in a breath . 
 the vine flowers watching her trembled , light flashed over them wildly as the twins struggled with each other over the mirrors . 
 the ground shook a little , the earth giving a groan before it went silent again . 
 graham 's eyes popped open . 
 misty stilled , hands balling into fists , droplets of water snaking down her wrists . 
 graham 's gray eyes were blank , unseeing , but his chest heaved upward as he took a deep breath . 
 sunlight from the mirrors hit him straight in the face . 
 graham 's fists balled , and he jerked his arms open , snapping a few vines that held him . 
 he sat up , dirty , wet , and coated with flower petals . 
 his eyes cleared , and he looked down at his body , then up at misty . 
 `` misty ! '' 
 graham roared in a voice that brought more pebbles down from the ceiling . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing here ? '' 
 chapter twenty-six graham was weak . 
 dying-he knew it . 
 the only thing that had kept him from going insane while the vines smothered him was the thought that misty was safe . 
 now misty sat next to him , looking pleased with herself . 
 she had dirt and yellow pollen smeared all over her , her hair a scraggly mess , and a big smile on her face . 
 graham never seen her so beautiful . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 graham demanded . 
 `` this is my fight . 
 get out of here . '' 
 `` a fight you 're losing . 
 why did you sneak off like that ? '' 
 `` i did n't sneak off . 
 i was summoned . '' 
 misty lost her smile . 
 `` leaving in the middle of the night without telling anyone is sneaking off . '' 
 `` stubborn little ... i told reid . 
 and he told you , the ass ** le . 
 he was supposed to keep you home and not let you come after me . 
 he 's dead meat . '' 
 `` reid did n't tell me anything . 
 he left me a note ... it 's a long story . '' 
 `` misty did a spell , '' matt said , running up to them . 
 `` she spun around and around , and then we were here . '' 
 matt demonstrated . 
 `` and you brought the cubs ? '' 
 `` yes , '' misty said . 
 `` stop yelling . 
 you 'll cause a cave-in . '' 
 a few more pebbles rained from the ceiling . 
 another faint groan sounded , as though rock shifted . 
 `` i want you out of here , '' graham said . 
 misty did n't wilt under his glare . 
 no , she knelt there looking all pretty and sexy . 
 `` we came to get you out . 
 i have a lot to tell you , but we can talk later . '' 
 `` later ? 
 that will be a first . 
 usually you want to talk without delay . '' 
 `` very funny , graham . 
 can you break away ? '' 
 `` i 've been trying . 
 then i got covered with the damn vines and passed out . '' 
 `` enchanted sleep , '' misty said . 
 `` you were in an enchanted sleep . 
 i got you out of it , you know , like in sleeping beauty . '' 
 matt laughed . 
 `` uncle graham is sleeping beauty . '' 
 graham grabbed at the vines that held him , but he 'd lost so much strength he could barely budge them . 
 uncle graham was more screwed than anything else . 
 `` i ca n't leave , '' graham said , even as he tugged at the vines . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 why not ? '' 
 misty grabbed the vines and pulled too . 
 dougal materialized out of the darkness , holding a mirror in one hand , a wolf cub in the other . 
 graham thought he 'd scented his nephew over there . 
 he wanted to start roaring again , but he stopped himself . 
 yelling would only upset dougal , and dougal needed to keep calm and not go to pieces . 
 `` i ca n't go , because reid is trapped . '' 
 graham tore away another vine that had rewrapped his wrist . 
 the fact that he was too weak to do much about it worried the hell out of him . 
 `` he 's trapped too ? '' 
 misty looked dismayed . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` in the ice . '' 
 misty stood up , which gave graham a nice view of her legs in her shorts . 
 her skin was scratched and abraded , but even that could n't mar her . 
 some of the scratches were from last night with her , when graham had made hot pounding love to her in her garden . 
 the thought of doing that again someday was one thing that kept him from crumbling and dying as oison wanted him to . 
 `` where ? '' 
 misty started walking away , toward the sheet of ice . 
 `` misty . '' 
 graham sat up , jerking at the vines . 
 they still would n't let him go . 
 dougal tried to help , but to no avail . 
 `` he 's in there ? '' 
 misty stopped , horrified . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 `` hell if i know . '' 
 dougal kept trying to free graham , starting to moan when he could n't . 
 graham had to switch his attention to bolstering dougal 's confidence . 
 when he looked back at misty , she was leafing through a book . 
 must be her little book about flowers . 
 the one that had gotten him drunk on tequila , making him take another step in his relationship with misty . 
 `` there 's nothing in here about melting ice , '' she said in frustration . 
 `` or breaking ice . 
 nothing about ice at all . '' 
 `` anything about water ? '' 
 graham asked . 
 `` oison said his element was water . 
 reid 's is earth . '' 
 misty turned pages , rustling in the stillness . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 damn it . '' 
 dougal called out to her . 
 `` anything about making plants stop messing with us ? '' 
 more rustling . 
 `` let me look . 
 why are they doing this anyway ? 
 i mean , they 're flowers . 
 plants are n't magical or sentient . 
 their ` magic ' is converting sunlight , water , and soil into food and oxygen . 
 photosynthesis . 
 these plants should n't be alive at all . 
 no sunlight , and these are all sun-loving flowers . '' 
 `` but this is faerie , '' graham said . 
 `` so magical shit works . 
 all the stories about magical creatures originated here . 
 the stories are watered down in the human world , but the original incidents were n't . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 misty looked back at graham , her face losing some color . 
 `` so all the scary stories about frost queens and witches putting children in ovens are true ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` that 's disturbing . '' 
 misty went back to her book , as though determined to find something to protect her from every fairy tale ever written . 
 `` why the hell are kyle and matt here ? '' 
 graham demanded . 
 kyle was trying to help pull away the vines , while matt was busy licking the ground around a crumpled bag of what used to be chips . 
 `` ben said they had to come . '' 
 dougal shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know why . '' 
 `` ben ? '' 
 graham roared . 
 `` goddess , get me loose . 
 i need to strangle some people . '' 
 `` here we go ! '' 
 misty actually jumped in delight , her feet leaving the ground . 
 `` to train plants . 
 i thought it meant pruning . 
 it kind of does . '' 
 she started moving excitedly to the nearest clump of plants . 
 `` matt , kyle , dougal , i need petals from every single type of plant here . 
 all of them . 
 do n't miss one . '' 
 her legs moved as she ran about the cave , grabbing flowers and yanking petals free . 
 she moved so fast the vines that reached for her did n't have time to latch on before she was at another plant . 
 matt and kyle , turning human so they could hold the petals , ran every which way , making a game of it . 
 `` i got the red one ! '' 
 `` no , i saw it first . '' 
 `` you can have the purple one . 
 i got yellow ! '' 
 dougal stayed put , pulling futilely at the vines that refused to let graham loose . 
 `` help them , '' graham said , keeping his voice firm but gentle . 
 `` if misty 's right , then she 'll get me free . 
 go on . 
 she needs you . '' 
 dougal shook his head , still tugging . 
 as a cub , when he 'd been lost in his own fear and misery , dougal would fix on a task and not be able to stop . 
 graham , the best he could , put his hand on dougal 's arm . 
 `` i need you to take care of her for me , '' he said . 
 `` if something happens to misty ... i might as well die here . '' 
 dougal looked up at him , meeting graham 's gaze for a fleeting moment . 
 `` you really are going to mate with her ? '' 
 `` i am . 
 definitely . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 dougal gave graham a nod , seeming to take heart from graham 's statement . 
 he finally let go of the vines and leveraged himself to his feet , then with a final look at graham , walked away to find misty . 
 `` now help me put them in a pile , '' misty said to the cubs . 
 `` good . 
 you 've found so many , both of you . 
 let 's see . 
 one missing . 
 hyacinth . '' 
 she looked around . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 graham felt his compulsion spell kick in as misty went toward the purple plants , a spring in her step . 
 he knew , deep in his burning blood , that oison was coming . 
 he rose as far as he could in the tangling vines . 
 dizziness smacked him , along with his collar 's shocks . 
 `` misty ! '' 
 the earth groaned again . 
 dirt rained from above , more than before . 
 maybe this cave was about to give , burying them all . 
 as misty reached for the lavender flowers rising from leggy stalks , oison appeared right next to her . 
 he raised his sword and brought it down sharply toward her neck . 
 graham bellowed and fought the vines . 
 matt launched himself at oison , shifting to wolf cub as he went . 
 as the sword came down , he latched himself on to oison 's arm , foiling his aim . 
 kyle , also wolf now , slammed into misty , making her sidestep . 
 she lost hold of the hyacinths and fell , and oison 's sword swished over her , missing . 
 oison , silent with rage , plucked matt from his arm and threw him across the cave . 
 matt landed heavily on his back , cried out in a pathetic whimper , and went still . 
 kyle , yipping , ran to him . 
 oison raised his sword again , but this time , misty scrambled out of the way . 
 dougal was there , reaching for oison . 
 his hands went out as oison swung , catching the blade . 
 dougal screamed as the fae-spelled sword cut his skin . 
 his collar went off , snapping and sparking , dougal continuing to scream . 
 misty lunged for the purple plants again , grabbing a handful . 
 she raced to her pile of petals in the middle of the cave , threw the hyacinths down , and lifted her book . 
 oison shoved dougal from him . 
 dougal fell , moving in pain , his collar continuing to spark . 
 oison headed for misty , who was walking around and around her clump of flowers . 
 `` by east and west , by north and south , '' misty read in a loud voice . 
 `` by wind and water , fire and earth . 
 by the goddess and moonlight , by the god and sunlight-i command you to do my will . '' 
 oison was almost upon her , but misty kept walking . 
 she lifted the book . 
 `` i command you to do my will ! '' 
 the petals swirled with her passing , rising a little , then moved faster . 
 faster still . 
 a vortex of them rushed around her , encasing misty in its tornado . 
 the vortex of petals reached all the way to the ceiling . 
 then they exploded , bursting over the entire cave , raining down like colorful snowflakes . 
 they carpeted the ground , spilling over the vines , the black obsidian , oison , the fallen dougal , matt , and kyle . 
 as soon as the petals started to fall , misty sprinted back to graham . 
 `` let him go ! '' 
 she yelled at the vines . 
 they shivered , leaves and flowers shaking . 
 then they withdrew , unwinding from graham and releasing him . 
 misty stared , her mouth open . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 she shouted in delight . 
 `` i ca n't believe it-it actually worked ! 
 i 'm going to give ben a big fat kiss when i see him again . '' 
 `` the hell you will . '' 
 graham tried to pull himself up , but he fell again , weak and exhausted . 
 but oison was coming . 
 the fae kicked aside vines and raised his sword again , swinging it hard at misty . 
 graham caught oison 's wrist , and the blade swung and met graham 's thick upper arm . 
 snarling , graham let it cut him to the bone as he twisted oison away from misty , graham 's collar sparking hard . 
 he tried to change to his between-beast as he fought , his strongest form , but graham found he could n't shift at all . 
 the sword , and his shocking collar , combined to take the last of his strength . 
 oison ripped himself from graham 's bloody grasp , and graham fell to his knees . 
 misty screamed at the plants , and pointed at oison . 
 `` take him , take him ! '' 
 the plants moved sinuously toward oison , the vines that had held graham prisoner now seeking the fae . 
 but too slowly . 
 oison spun out of their way , his black eyes filled with rage , and brought his sword down on them . 
 the vines he severed shuddered , then turned brown and crumpled away . 
 oison went for the source of his frustration-misty . 
 across the cave , dougal tried to rise , tried to help . 
 graham forced himself to his feet , dizzy and dying . 
 but he 'd stop the bastard from hurting misty . 
 no matter what . 
 the cave shook again , the earth emitting another groan . 
 rock and sand poured from the ceiling , hitting the flowers and obsidian , the shifters and misty , oison . 
 dust rose to coat the air . 
 graham heard oison cursing , which told graham the tremors were n't of oison 's making . 
 the sheet of ice that held reid cracked with the sound of a gunshot . 
 graham turned to it as the ice fell away in huge chunks , not so much exploding as pushing outward and shattering on the cave floor . 
 as the ice splintered into needlelike shards and more rock from the wall fell , reid walked out from the rubble . 
 his clothes were shredded , he had blood all over him , and he was mad as hell . 
 reid shouted something in a language that was guttural and harsh , unintelligible to graham . 
 oison , on the other hand , whipped around , his sword raised . 
 oison had stark fear in his eyes , which graham would enjoy if he did n't feel so crappy . 
 reid went for oison . 
 he bounded across the cave on his runner 's legs , hands outstretched , those odd-sounding words pouring from him . 
 oison met him , swinging his sword . 
 reid shouted again , and the rocks that had blown out with the ice rose up at his command . 
 the plants were still going for oison as well . 
 they tangled his legs as reid 's rocks came down on top of the fae . 
 oison swung his sword at reid , and rocks clanked against the blade . 
 oison whirled his sword again , and disappeared . 
 reid snarled something and disappeared with him . 
 the rocks were still spinning in midair . 
 they stopped abruptly as soon as reid vanished , raining down onto the cave , clacking against the obsidian . 
 `` time to go , '' graham said . 
 `` misty , help me with dougal . '' 
 dougal was still rolling in pain , his moans turning to wolf howls . 
 he 'd shifted again to human by the time graham and misty reached him . 
 `` come on . '' 
 graham thrust his arm under dougal , lifting his nephew to his feet . 
 dougal jerked away . 
 `` no , i have to help matt . '' 
 `` we 'll both help him . 
 but we need to move . '' 
 graham had struggled to learn the exact combination of compassion and command to bump dougal out of his despair . 
 dougal finally nodded and let graham help him around the writhing vines . 
 the plants had drawn back from the two cubs , encircling them but not touching them . 
 misty leaned down and picked up matt 's limp body . 
 `` he 's alive , '' she said in relief . 
 `` but he 's hurt . '' 
 `` i should have made them stay at misty 's , '' dougal said . 
 he hung on to graham , his face wet with blood and tears . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 misty cuddled matt close and lifted kyle , who was a whimpering ball of fur . 
 `` i do n't think these little guys would have listened . '' 
 `` we 'll never get out . '' 
 dougal rubbed his hand over his face , crazed with fear . 
 `` he 'll trap us here . '' 
 before graham could answer , misty said , `` yes , we will . 
 we 're family . 
 we can do anything . '' 
 dougal blinked at her . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 we 're not pack . '' 
 `` does n't matter . 
 graham brought you up , and he 's matt 's and kyle 's honorary father . 
 and i 'm his girlfriend . 
 close enough . '' 
 `` and you 're going to accept his mate-claim , '' dougal said with conviction . 
 `` can we talk about this outside this cave ? '' 
 misty tucked the two cubs firmly against her , gentleness itself . 
 `` time to run , i think . '' 
 graham chuckled as he helped dougal , half supporting himself on his nephew at the same time . 
 `` hear that ? 
 misty , for once , does n't want to talk . '' 
 `` suck it up , graham , '' she said . 
 graham 's laughter echoed against the cave walls , which were still too damn eerie for his taste . 
 he made himself follow misty 's cute butt through the darkness to the ley line , wherever it came out , and decided he 'd follow that gorgeous ass anywhere . 
 they came out in the basement of the unfinished shifter house . 
 the ley line , misty surmised , must decide its own direction , or else they did n't know how to navigate it . 
 she hoped reid , chasing oison , was all right . 
 misty emerged into the basement , blinking at full afternoon sunlight . 
 they must have been in the cave for hours . 
 kyle shivered in her arms , matt too limp . 
 graham and dougal supported each other behind her , both of them growling in irritation . 
 the sound gave misty heart . 
 when graham and dougal were arguing , they were fine . 
 but they were n't . 
 dougal had been cut by oison 's sword , graham still under his spell . 
 matt was hurt , possibly dying . 
 she climbed awkwardly up the ladder first , supported by graham . 
 she had to hold matt , and had kyle clinging to her shoulder , so the going was slow . 
 when she reached the top , she knew there was something very wrong in shiftertown . 
 shifters were everywhere , and humans milled among them , wearing black fatigues and carrying automatic weapons . 
 but these were n't dx security men . 
 she did n't recognize any of them , and behind them , in the heat , she heard sirens and saw flashing red and blue lights . 
 `` damn , '' graham said softly , and he disappeared back down into the dark basement . 
 misty started to follow , but too late . 
 one of the humans had seen her , and they were running her way . 
 chapter twenty-seven `` what the f ** k ? '' 
 graham said in the darkness behind misty . 
 misty stood straight at the top of the ladder , holding on to the cubs , trying to pretend she had n't been down in a hole under a shifter house , a hole that was n't supposed to be there . 
 the human soldiers reached her , along with diego and eric . 
 `` misty , '' eric said in a loud voice . 
 `` there you are . 
 see ? '' 
 he said to the soldier in the lead . 
 `` here she is . 
 you all right , misty ? 
 where 've you been ? '' 
 `` umm . '' 
 misty looked around , trying to assess the situation before she answered . 
 `` i was looking after the cubs ? '' 
 she let the statement end with a questioning note . 
 eric nodded once , subtly , and misty put on a smile . 
 `` you know how they like to run off . '' 
 diego was looking hard at her , his eyes , so much like xav 's , holding warning . 
 what kind of warning , misty had no idea . 
 `` yeah , they do like to play , '' eric said . 
 `` and get into so much trouble . 
 you know how kids are . '' 
 eric gave the lead soldier his laid-back smile . 
 `` thanks for bringing them home , misty . '' 
 `` not a problem . '' 
 eric had glanced into the basement , his eyes flickering when he saw graham . 
 he moved his body a little , barely changing his stance , but misty knew enough about shifters now to realize he must be saying something to graham without opening his mouth . 
 shifters were masters of nonverbal communication . 
 misty wished she could read the signals , because she was swimming in the dark here . 
 one of the armed men turned to eric . 
 `` what 's down there ? '' 
 eric shrugged . 
 `` do n't know . 
 i 'm not into construction . 
 where the plumbing and electricity will go , maybe ? '' 
 he gave the perfect impression of a man who might be strong but kind of slow . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 the man turned to diego with a lot more deference . 
 diego also shrugged . 
 `` same answer . 
 i really do n't know . 
 you 'd have to ask the construction team . '' 
 `` we need to lock it down , '' the soldier who seemed to be in charge said . 
 `` corporal , take a team and check it out . '' 
 one of the younger men signaled to another , shouldered his weapon , and started down the metal ladder to the basement . 
 misty glanced down in alarm , but saw no sign of graham or dougal . 
 they 'd vanished . 
 `` are these the ones who 've been missing ? '' 
 the commander asked diego , gesturing at misty . 
 diego gave him a grim nod . 
 `` missing ? '' 
 misty asked as eric reached for kyle . 
 kyle clung to his arm , a wolf cub , looking fearfully back at misty and matt . 
 `` we 're not missing . '' 
 misty tried her smile again . 
 `` we 're right here . '' 
 the commander answered . 
 `` your mother in l.a. called in a missing-persons report on melissa granger five days ago . 
 said she could n't get into contact with you , and your neighbors said you left with a shifter at that time and have n't been home since . 
 business owners around your store say shifters have been at your shop , but no one has seen you . '' 
 he looked her over , from her tank top and shorts , torn and covered with dirt , to her scratched and gouged legs and arms . 
 `` so you need to tell me , ma'am , exactly where you 've been and what happened to you . '' 
 misty listened , her lips parting . 
 `` five days ... ? '' 
 more humans came hurrying to join the commander , these looking more like paramedics . 
 one caught misty by the arm and tried to lead her toward an open ambulance . 
 `` we need to check you out , '' the paramedic said . 
 `` make sure you 're all right . 
 commander , interrogate her once we 've taken her vitals and given her some water , all right ? '' 
 `` five days ? '' 
 misty could n't help repeating . 
 `` you went through an ordeal , '' the paramedic suggested . 
 `` but you 're fine now . 
 we 'll take care of you and get you away from these shifters . 
 it will be all right . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 misty held matt closer . 
 `` this one 's hurt more than me . 
 he needs help . '' 
 eric reached for matt and took him out of misty 's arms . 
 kyle wriggled in eric 's arms , trying to lick his brother 's face . 
 `` poor little guy . '' 
 `` you need to come with us , ma'am , '' the paramedic said , in his stern but friendly voice . 
 `` i 'm not hurt that much , '' misty tried . 
 `` i - '' she broke off as a familiar man with broad shoulders but not much height reached to eric for matt . 
 `` i 'll take the cub . '' 
 ben gave a wide smile to the commander . 
 `` i 'm a vet , '' he said . 
 `` i specialize in shifters . '' 
 ben really did have a reassuring smile , in spite of his prison tatts and once-broken nose . 
 plus , he did n't wear a collar , and obviously was n't shifter . 
 `` i 'll have to clear this , '' the commander said , not changing expression . 
 `` sure you do , '' ben said . 
 `` my name 's ben williams . 
 look me up . 
 i 'm ex-con but served all my time . 
 now i take care of animals . '' 
 if ben truly was a veterinarian , this was the first misty had heard of it . 
 eric , however , seemed perfectly sanguine to hand matt to him . 
 ben leaned near misty as he carefully took matt , his movement putting him between misty and the impatient paramedic . 
 `` misty , you need to blow the basement . '' 
 misty blinked at him . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` cave it in . '' 
 ben kept his voice quiet , his face set only in compassion for the cubs . 
 `` bury the ley line ; close the portal . 
 humans will be screwed if they find it , and shifters will be screwed if these guys find the basement . '' 
 misty understood the why . 
 what she did n't know was ... `` how ? '' 
 `` roots , '' ben said . 
 `` you did the mastering spell . 
 i can see it in you . '' 
 `` but ... '' dougal and graham might still be down there . 
 `` do it , '' ben said . 
 he straightened up , a cub on each arm . 
 `` i 'll take care of these cuties . '' 
 he walked away . 
 misty stared after him , the man looking no less human than the soldiers around her . 
 but then , ben had written the book , more than a hundred years ago , he 'd told misty how to use it , and to trust herself . 
 he 'd been right every time . 
 was graham still down there , hiding with dougal ? 
 why was he ? 
 only one way to find out . 
 misty gasped and slapped at her pockets . 
 `` my cell phone . 
 i dropped it . '' 
 she stared wildly at the hole behind her , then before the commander could reach for her , she swung around onto the ladder and descended to the basement . 
 she saw no sign of graham or dougal anywhere . 
 they could be hiding , or they could have gone back through the ley line to the cave . 
 misty darted under the darkness , but it was too intense after the first few feet out of the sunshine for her to see anything . 
 `` graham , '' she whispered . 
 no answer . 
 he was gone , dougal with him . 
 `` corporal , find her , '' the commander snapped . 
 roots . 
 misty looked up . 
 the shifters who 'd dug out this cellar had carefully left the earth around the house whole above it . 
 the basement ran a long way underground , well past the house for which it was intended . 
 the planted trees as well as the native brush were intact above it . 
 desert shrubs might look fragile and could even appear dried out and dead , but in truth they were tough and hardy . 
 they had to burrow deep into the earth in search of groundwater and rain runoff in order to survive , and their root systems were extensive and strong . 
 the plants could live for years in dormancy , looking dead from above . 
 then , after a good rain , the plant would become green and vibrant , beautiful and blooming . 
 it would drop its seeds , which would lie in wait in the shade of the parent plant , until that life-giving water found them . 
 the part of the desert plant below ground was giant and complex , never seen , but networking through the ground in a powerful mesh . 
 misty studied the tendrils sticking out of the ceiling above her and the wall around her . 
 she thought of how she 'd controlled the vines in the fae cave , but she had no idea if the book 's spell would work here . 
 but then , this basement was on a ley line , and in faerie , magic was real . 
 she agreed with ben that she needed to collapse it-this place was dangerous for humans and shifters alike , and humans did n't need to ask questions about why the hole was here in the first place . 
 misty took a breath , and took a risk . 
 `` pull it down , '' she said to the roots . 
 `` ma'am . '' 
 the corporal behind her was polite but firm . 
 `` you need to come with me . '' 
 `` now , '' misty whispered . 
 nothing happened . 
 misty clenched her jaw and turned around . 
 she knew if she tried to evade the soldiers any longer , they might question her too closely-where she 'd been , how she 'd been injured , who she 'd been with , what was down here ... she 'd been gone five days ? 
 she needed to get with ben and interrogate him . 
 `` oh , well , '' misty said , giving the corporal a helpless little smile . 
 `` i guess i can always get a new phone . '' 
 a root moved . 
 rustled . 
 another trembled . 
 as misty stopped to look up , the entire mass of roots began to vibrate , and clods of earth came down . 
 misty backed up swiftly . 
 the corporal grabbed her by the shoulders at the same time and pushed her to the ladder . 
 as misty climbed ahead of him , her legs shaking , the entire ceiling of the basement caved in , pulling with it a line of trees , bushes , and the foundations of the house that was being built over it . 
 the ladder shuddered and started to collapse . 
 eric reached down from the top and grabbed misty , hauling her up just as the ladder broke into several pieces . 
 the corporal tried to hang on and pull himself up , but falling dirt and rock carried him back down , his hands struggling for purchase . 
 eric pushed misty at diego , flowed into his snow leopard form , clothes falling away , and went for the hole . 
 he climbed with feline grace down into the avalanche , grabbed the corporal by the back of the shirt , and hauled him up again . 
 eric 's claws scrabbled on the shifting dirt , his muscles straining , as the hole continued to fall in around him . 
 finally , eric leapt like the cat he was , landing on firm ground , and dragged the corporal well away from the hole before he released him . 
 behind them , the basement disappeared , a rush of broken foundation , dirt , rock , and trees filling it in . 
 graham . 
 misty looked at the wreckage of the basement she 'd stood in a few moments ago , wondering if she 'd just buried alive the man she loved . 
 `` five days , '' misty said to diego as he walked her across the common yards after the paramedics had checked her . 
 xav had arrived while the paramedics were assuring themselves she was unhurt , his handsome face showing his relief . 
 `` reid told me that time moves differently inside faerie , '' diego said as they walked . 
 `` i guess we have to believe him . 
 you 've been gone five days , your mother called your brother , who is also worried sick . 
 since none of us knew where you were , we could n't help . '' 
 xav shook his head . 
 `` i could n't exactly explain that you disappeared from a convenience store stockroom in a whirl of flowers . 
 and i could n't follow . 
 why could n't i ? 
 i was standing right next to you . '' 
 misty shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she broke off , feeling the press of xavier 's shoulder holster against her . 
 `` wait , maybe because you were carrying a gun . 
 iron . 
 maybe it did n't let that through . 
 reid could come in with a tire iron , because he 's an ironmaster . '' 
 `` yeah , well , reid is missing too , '' xav said . 
 `` peigi is about to go postal . 
 my guys practically camped out at the convenience store , but we could n't follow you , and i could n't find that ben guy . 
 trust me , i looked . 
 and then he turns up here today , out of the blue . '' 
 diego regarded misty sharply . 
 `` what happened to dougal and graham ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 misty 's breath hitched . 
 she wanted to break down and sob , sink to the ground and bury her face in her hands . 
 `` he was behind me in the basement . 
 and then i - '' `` shh . '' 
 xav went to her and put a comforting arm around her . 
 `` knowing graham , he found another way out . 
 i 've learned that shifter spaces are more complicated than just holes in the ground . '' 
 misty wiped her eyes . 
 `` but i do n't know . 
 what do i do ? '' 
 `` it 's tough being in love with a shifter , '' diego said , his dark eyes quiet . 
 `` trust me . 
 they 're wild and crazy , and wild and crazy things happen to them . 
 but it 's worth it . 
 we 'll find him . 
 shifters are hard to kill . '' 
 `` but not impossible . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 diego gave her a sympathetic nod . 
 `` stick as close as you can to the truth . 
 i 'll be there , and so will xav . 
 we can fill in the blanks . '' 
 `` thanks , diego . 
 is my brother all right ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 paul 's at your store , helping put it back together . 
 keeps saying if he does n't , you 'll come back and yell at him . 
 it kept him from worrying . 
 xav has already called him and told him you 're all right . '' 
 `` now he 'll yell at me . '' 
 misty smiled . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to it . '' 
 she took a breath as they neared the knot of soldiers waiting to question her . 
 `` when they 're done with me , i 'm grilling ben . 
 he 's got matt and kyle , and probably some answers , which he 's going to give me , whether he likes it or not . '' 
 graham found himself stumbling into bright light and high heat . 
 he 'd pulled dougal with him as he 'd tried to find the ley line again . 
 dougal was collapsing against him , his collar shocking at random . 
 he 'd hauled dougal all the way to the back of the cellar . 
 they 'd been there when misty had come and called to him . 
 graham had opened his mouth to answer , and found himself breathing dirt . 
 the ceiling had started coming down , the dirt wall behind him seeming to open to suck him in . 
 it had spit him out through a crack in rocks , and now bright desert sunshine poured over them . 
 he 'd expected to land back in the obsidian cave-a place he never wanted to see again-but he was on a ridge in the desert , overlooking the abandoned mine and the shack , with dougal 's bike still parked beside it . 
 `` at least we have transportation , '' graham said . 
 or tried to say . 
 his throat was so dry , his thirst so great , his words stuck and would n't come out . 
 he was weak , and dougal was only half-conscious , his hand still bleeding from the fae sword . 
 it would n't be blood loss that killed him , but the fae spells in the sword . 
 the thirst and their state told graham that oison was still alive . 
 the fae 's spell would have died with him . 
 i hope reid gets the bastard . 
 graham decided against speaking the words out loud , saving strength and whatever moisture was left in his body . 
 they 'd die out here though . 
 if he could n't get dougal someplace safe , both of them would go . 
 not shiftertown , not right now . 
 graham would n't worry about holding his own against the shifter bureau 's soldiers , but dougal did n't need to be interrogated by them right now , not when he was hurt . 
 dougal would go to pieces . 
 no , they needed to lie low , heal , and then decide what to do . 
 misty , i love you . 
 graham was n't afraid to admit it anymore . 
 he needed misty in his life , as his mate , as his love . 
 he 'd make her see that she needed to accept his mate-claim , and they 'd live happily ever after . 
 as happy as she could be shacked up with a shifter , and sharing a house with graham 's nephew with confidence problems and two cubs who liked to tear the place down . 
 he dragged dougal into the shade of the shed before he made for the motorcycle , hoping there was still gas in it . 
 rock clicked behind him , and oison appeared . 
 this time he was in his guise of the hiker , in t-shirt , shorts , and hiking boots . 
 he looked ordinary and evil at the same time . 
 graham stood up . 
 `` i 'm not being your battle beast , '' he said . 
 `` not bringing other shifters to you , not training to be in your army . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 oison said . 
 he drew out his sword from the long pack humans would assume was for hiking poles or camping gear . 
 `` i gambled on making you a slave , because you 're a strong leader and could pull other shifters to me . 
 but it looks like you 're going to be a bad slave . '' 
 `` damn right , '' graham said . 
 `` i can barely control you . 
 therefore , i came to a decision . '' 
 oison hefted his sword . 
 `` i will kill you , and take your nephew instead . '' 
 chapter twenty-eight the commander questioned misty for a long time before he finally let her go . 
 diego and xav had stood by her , the only ones allowed to stay with her , because they were human . 
 misty , diego , and xav had come up with the story that the cubs had tried to run away-somewhat true-and misty had gone after them , worried they 'd get hurt . 
 they 'd led her out into the desert , where they 'd all gotten lost . 
 they 'd found a cave to stay out of the sun , and there matt had gotten hurt . 
 why had n't she called anyone ? 
 the commander asked . 
 her cell phone had n't worked out there , misty said . 
 how did they survive ? 
 she 'd brought plenty of water with her and snacks , knowing that kyle and matt , as wolves , liked to run off as far as they could . 
 they 'd been used to living half-wild up in elko , and did n't understand they could n't do that here . 
 they were just little kids , were n't they ? 
 so everyone should cut them a break . 
 how did she get back ? 
 walked to the road and hitchhiked in . 
 she 'd been bringing the cubs , matt hurt , back to shiftertown when the soldiers had spotted her . 
 xav and diego confirmed everything she said . 
 xav walked away with her to look for ben while diego stayed with the commander . 
 the soldiers , who 'd been sent by the shifter bureau , were n't leaving , it seemed . 
 someone had called in an anonymous tip this morning , xav told her , that not all shifters ' collars were working . 
 eric was being questioned about that now , surrounded by the soldiers . 
 xav had no idea who 'd called in the tip , but misty had a bad feeling about it . 
 oison had vanished from the cave before graham , misty , dougal , and the cubs had fled . 
 had oison stirred up trouble with the human government as part of his efforts to control shifters ? 
 graham in particular ? 
 oison had disappeared not long before they 'd run out of the cave , but if time moved differently in faerie , as diego had told her , maybe oison had emerged hours before they did . 
 xav queried other shifters as they went about ben and the cubs-lindsay said she 'd seen a weird guy with both cubs headed for graham 's . 
 she 'd wanted to follow and make sure all was well , but the soldiers had pulled her aside to speak to her . 
 lindsay looked worried , not her usual laughing self . 
 she put her hand on xav 's arm as she answered , and what was in her eyes told misty that maybe she 'd reconsidered pushing xav away . 
 misty thanked her and hurried away , pretending not to notice xav lingering to stay with lindsay . 
 as she approached graham 's house , misty heard yelling . 
 a woman on graham 's front walk was loudly telling three soldiers what they could do with themselves as they surrounded her and tried to cuff her . 
 misty recognized jan , the lupine woman who 'd attacked misty after she 'd spent the night with graham . 
 jan 's blustering was to cover her fear , misty realized . 
 misty remembered that jan 's collar had n't gone off when she 'd gone for misty-perhaps she was one of the shifters whose collars did n't work right . 
 if the humans discovered jan wore a collar that did n't stop her from violence , what would they do ? 
 fit her with a new one ? 
 cage her ? 
 or worse ? 
 misty sped her steps to take her into the path of the soldiers and jan. . 
 jan saw misty , and fury entered her eyes along with the fear . 
 `` come to gloat ? '' 
 jan demanded . 
 `` where are you taking her ? '' 
 misty asked the soldiers , ignoring jan. . 
 `` to have her collar tested , '' he said . 
 `` all shifters are . 
 orders . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 misty put her hands on her hips and gave jan a disgusted look . 
 `` you do n't have to test that one . 
 it 's real , all right . '' 
 `` why do you say that , ma'am ? '' 
 the soldier asked , trying not to look irritated . 
 `` because i got into a fight with her the other day , '' misty said . 
 `` she 's jealous as hell . 
 her collar started crackling before she even got in a punch at me . 
 i smacked her a good one , and she ran off . 
 believe me , the collar worked . 
 the sparks got me-they stung . '' 
 jan kept struggling . 
 `` bitch , '' she yelled at misty . 
 `` see ? '' 
 misty said , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` she does n't like me much . 
 thinks i stole her shifter . '' 
 the soldier looked misty up and down , his gaze lingering on the skin bared by her sleeveless top and shorts . 
 `` why would you go out with one of them ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` ma'am . '' 
 `` for the sex . '' 
 misty smiled at him . 
 `` try it sometime . '' 
 one of the other soldiers laughed . 
 `` she 's not wrong . '' 
 the soldier holding jan released her and stepped back . 
 `` how about we go after some of the more docile ones ? '' 
 he asked his colleagues . 
 `` this is going to take forever as it is . '' 
 as soon as jan found herself free , she took off , running in her long-legged stride . 
 the first man gave misty another once-over . 
 `` you get tired of shifters , come and find me . 
 i 'm at the shifter bureau attached to the air base . '' 
 misty only smiled at him and walked away . 
 she heard the other soldiers ' voices as they tramped on . 
 `` you do n't have a shot with her , '' one said , laughing , `` especially once she 's been with a shifter . 
 tell you what , i 'll take you to this bar called coolers . 
 there are some hot shifter women there . '' 
 misty drew a ragged breath , feeling sick to her stomach , then hurried out of the heat up to the cool shade of graham 's front porch . 
 jan stepped out of the shadows of the porch 's corner . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 misty stifled a shriek and pressed her hand to her chest . 
 `` crap , do n't do that . 
 how 'd you get here before i did ? '' 
 `` i 'm shifter . 
 i ran . 
 now , why did you help me ? '' 
 `` so they would n't test your collar . '' 
 misty leaned to her and lowered her voice . 
 `` it does n't work right , does it ? '' 
 jan 's nostrils flared . 
 `` i 'd think you 'd want me to be caught . 
 to be locked up , or executed . '' 
 `` why would i ? 
 i did n't like you wanting to beat me up , but sheesh . 
 killing you ? 
 that 's just wrong . '' 
 jan stared at misty a moment longer then she inhaled . 
 she let the breath out and looked thoughtful . 
 `` you are n't lying . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 misty chewed on her lower lip . 
 `` are there other shifters whose collars do n't work ? '' 
 jan nodded . 
 `` some . 
 eric has them safe . 
 i waited too long to go to ground , and they caught me . '' 
 she paused , her gray eyes moving as emotions went through her . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 misty gave her a nod . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 jan dropped her gaze . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 i better go . '' 
 `` yeah , you 'd better . 
 stay safe . '' 
 jan glanced around at the empty street then drew a breath . 
 `` the blessing of the goddess go with you . '' 
 she said it quickly , in one go , then she turned , jumped from the porch , and loped away . 
 `` wow , '' misty said softly . 
 `` that was ... hmm . '' 
 she pushed open the door and entered graham 's house . 
 she paused inside the front door , an ache in her heart . 
 the house felt so empty without graham in it . 
 he filled every space of it-the house knew graham 's laughter , his bellowing voice , his swearing , the way he thundered up and down the stairs and banged around in the kitchen . 
 in that kitchen , he 'd made love to misty , rendering her complete for the first time in her life . 
 misty walked into the kitchen and stopped . 
 ben sat at the kitchen table , a bottle of beer in front of him , kyle and matt sitting on either side . 
 both cubs were in human form , dressed in sweats and t-shirts , and shoveling down ice cream . 
 they were even using spoons . 
 ben looked up at her and grinned . 
 kyle said , with his mouth full , `` hi , aunt misty . '' 
 matt continued to eat , as though he 'd never get enough . 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 misty came into the room , moving faster with every step until she leaned down and buried the startled matt in a big hug . 
 `` you 're all right . '' 
 tears wet her cheeks . 
 `` he was knocked around and bruised up , '' ben said . 
 `` no permanent damage . 
 i took them to andrea . 
 she did her mojo . '' 
 misty released matt , who grinned at her , and collapsed onto an empty kitchen chair . 
 `` andrea 's still here ? '' 
 `` her , sean , and their cub . 
 but safely hidden away . 
 andrea was glad to help heal the cubs , though she said matt was n't too badly hurt . '' 
 `` thank god , '' misty said , heartfelt . 
 `` and the goddess too , i guess . 
 do you know andrea ? '' 
 `` you should ask-did she know me ? 
 answer , no . 
 not until i introduced myself . 
 but i know who she is . 
 i keep tabs on shifters . '' 
 `` do you really ? '' 
 misty looked him over . 
 ben , as before , had an innocuous look , despite his ex-con appearance . 
 if he really was an ex-con . 
 `` you 've been to prison , have you ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 i just did n't say whose prison it was . '' 
 `` and that means ... what ? '' 
 ben looked thoughtful . 
 `` the fae put me in prison for a while . 
 they talked about horrible ways to execute me , then they decided banishment would be even better . '' 
 `` really ? 
 if oison is typical , i ca n't believe they thought letting you go was satisfying . '' 
 `` well . '' 
 ben folded his hands around the bottle of beer on the table . 
 `` they did n't just banish me from faerie . 
 they banished my entire race . 
 walked us out into the harsh human wilderness , locked the gates and made sure they never opened for us again . 
 half of us died the first year . 
 how do you think i feel , knowing that ? '' 
 something dark flashed in his eyes , endless pain that misty guessed never went away . 
 `` what did you do ? 
 to get put in prison , i mean ? '' 
 ben shrugged , masking the anguished look . 
 `` i killed one of their emperors . 
 i killed him because he was running a war that was slaughtering my people , whole clans at a time . 
 i snuck into the emperor 's tent , pretending i was a pathetic sex addict who wanted the joy of an emperor doing me . 
 the emperor 's ego loved that . 
 he got all his guards to leave us alone , and then ... '' ben sliced his finger across his throat . 
 `` i knew i 'd never get away , and i was captured , but i did n't care . 
 worth it . 
 when an emperor dies , the high fae clans fight each other to the last man to see who controls the next one , but in a rare case of fae agreement , all the clans decided to banish me and my people . '' 
 and half had died in the first year . 
 misty 's heart squeezed . 
 `` ben , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 ben shrugged , the flash of pain there and gone again . 
 `` even so , more of us survived because that emperor was dead , and the fae could n't use us anymore . 
 we never thrived again , but we 're still around . 
 we 've been helping humans and shifters survive encounters with the fae for nine hundred years now . '' 
 `` and what are you ? '' 
 misty asked . 
 `` if you 're not fae . '' 
 `` human mythology calls us goblins , hobgoblins , or gnomes . 
 we were pretty ugly in faerie . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` or beautiful , depending on your point of view . 
 we learned how to look like humans since we came out of faerie , changing our appearance every so often so we blend in with whatever fashion of whatever century . '' 
 `` gnomes , '' misty mused . 
 `` like the little plastic men with pointy hats people put in their front yards ? '' 
 ben laughed uproariously . 
 then his laughter died in an instant , and he said , `` no . '' 
 `` i was joking . 
 i 've barely gotten used to shifters-it will take me a while to process this . '' 
 `` take your time . 
 i 'll be around . '' 
 misty folded her arms on the table . 
 `` so , why do n't you look like a successful businessman or a rich man of leisure ? 
 if you can look like what you want ? '' 
 `` i can almost resemble any kind of human i want . 
 but i look like what i truly am-a man who did a crime and paid for it . 
 i 'm never going to pretend it did n't happen . 
 i sacrificed a lot of people with my stunt , and it was n't their choice . '' 
 misty went silent a moment . 
 the twins were listening , in spite of continuing to scoop globs of ice cream into their mouths . 
 `` what do i do now ? '' 
 she asked after a time . 
 `` how do i find graham ? 
 is he even alive ? '' 
 ben drained the beer bottle and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand . 
 `` you still have your book ? '' 
 misty touched it in her back pocket . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` look in that . '' 
 ben stood up , carried the empty beer bottle to the recycle bin and tossed it in . 
 `` and take those two with you when you go . 
 you 'll need them . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 misty got to her feet . 
 `` safer to leave them here with eric or xav , is n't it ? 
 or whoever is n't being hassled by the shifter bureau . '' 
 ben shook his head . 
 `` you 'll need the cubs . 
 they 're very special shifters . 
 take care of them . '' 
 he started for the back door . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 misty asked in panic . 
 `` stay and help me . '' 
 `` ca n't . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 you have your guards there . '' 
 he nodded at the twins , who were watching him , round-eyed . 
 `` there are other people out in the world being hassled by fae . 
 i need to save them too . 
 you have my number if you need me again . '' 
 he pointed both forefingers at misty , walked out the back door , slammed it , and headed down the porch steps . 
 there was a flash of sunshine , and he was gone . 
 `` great . '' 
 misty felt despair settle over her . 
 `` on my own again . '' 
 `` we 're with you , aunt misty , '' matt said . 
 `` you saved me . 
 now we 'll save you . '' 
 they were adorable , both of them . 
 misty fetched a spoon and the last carton of ice cream in the freezer and sat down at the table with them . 
 as the three of them reached with spoons for the chocolate marshmallow ripple , misty opened the book . 
 `` all right , i 'll look through it . 
 again . '' 
 not until most of the carton was gone did misty stop on a page . 
 she pressed her hand to it , her heart beating faster . 
 the spell read , how to find your lost love . 
 chapter twenty-nine graham danced aside as oison struck , but the sword blade caught along graham 's ribs and broke the skin . 
 oison ran for dougal , who had slumped to the ground , but graham dove over his nephew , protecting him . 
 like hell he 'd let oison take him . 
 oison raised the sword again and drove it down into the place graham had been shot . 
 graham shouted in pain , but he would n't move-oison was n't touching dougal again with that blade . 
 but graham would n't let himself die , not yet . 
 he needed to live so he could tell misty how much he loved her . 
 you woke me , he wanted to say . 
 i 'd been existing before . 
 surviving . 
 with you , i learned about life again . 
 and about laughter . 
 misty was always smiling or laughing about something , finding the lightness in any subject . 
 and talking . 
 goddess , the woman could talk . 
 her sweet voice had poured over him every time he 'd been with her , soothing all the hurts in his soul . 
 how could he have ever thought of not taking her as mate ? 
 oison raised the sword again . 
 graham roared as it came down , then he heaved himself up to meet it . 
 he noted with satisfaction oison 's look of surprise . 
 graham was strong , stronger than any shifter he knew , and oison was going to find out just how strong . 
 the sword was in him , but graham wrapped his hands around oison 's throat . 
 the fae 's slim neck was sturdy , but fae were of the same basic composition as shifters or humans . 
 they needed air to breathe , blood to flow through their bodies . 
 graham pressed his fingers into oison 's throat , cutting off the airflow . 
 if he crushed the trachea , no more oison . 
 he hoped he could do it before his own breath ran out . 
 he thought he heard misty 's voice calling his name . 
 graham ! 
 graham could barely see . 
 he thought he heard the throb of a harley , which wound him into memories . 
 he and dougal riding side by side , wind in their faces , charging down an empty nevada highway as fast as they could go . 
 riding hard . 
 other voices joined misty 's . 
 eric . 
 diego and xav . 
 the wild yips of kyle and matt . 
 two small bodies whacked into oison , and graham lost his hold . 
 damn it . 
 graham cracked open his eyes . 
 matt and kyle were growling and snarling , climbing all over oison . 
 graham seemed to see , superimposed on the cubs , two gigantic wolves , their muzzles huge , eyes red with fury . 
 they were too thick of body and broad of chest to be regular shifter wolves-these were something he 'd never seen before . 
 graham blinked , and they were the cubs again , tearing at oison , who batted at them as though they were annoying gnats . 
 `` misty , no ! '' 
 xavier 's voice , and misty charging past xav , not listening . 
 typical . 
 when misty got the bit between her teeth , there was no stopping her . 
 electricity crackled , and there was misty , a taser in her hand . 
 `` matt , kyle , out of the way . '' 
 the cubs turned to stare , yelped , and leapt to the ground . 
 `` get away from my mate , ass ** le , '' misty said clearly , and she shot a bolt of electricity into oison . 
 graham had to laugh to see the fae jolt with the shot . 
 oison let go of the sword , but not before an arc had laced down the blade into graham . 
 graham grunted and fell back , dougal still beneath him . 
 misty was crying , on her knees next to graham . 
 graham had enough energy left to open his eyes , to lift his arm to reach for her . 
 oison recovered-fae were almost as tough to kill as shifters . 
 his black eyes like mouths to hell , oison yanked the sword out of graham , and swung it at misty . 
 the cubs went crazy again , leaping at him . 
 xavier slid out his sig , and aimed it at oison , but he could n't shoot because he might hit the cubs . 
 air popped , and reid appeared , out of breath , filthy , his eyes as merciless as oison 's . 
 he shoved oison away from misty , and the sword blade went wide . 
 oison , furious , turned to face reid . 
 the two fae fought , reid grappling with him for the sword , rage on his face . 
 xavier kept trying to aim , but he had no clear shot . 
 reid landed a hit across oison 's face , drawing blood , but oison backed up , his grip on his sword true again , and rammed the blade at reid . 
 graham heaved himself up . 
 blood ran from his wounds , and his collar was shocking him , but the wolf in him gave him strength . 
 he felt himself shifting before he realized it , into his in-between beast , a monster that was half wolf , half human . 
 misty , instead of running away in terror , came to graham and steadied him on his feet . 
 graham roared . 
 he grabbed oison 's arm as his sword came down to reid and ripped the blade away . 
 as oison spun to face him , graham took the blade in both hands and broke it over his huge knee . 
 there was a flash , a sound like a broken bell , and the pieces of the sword fell , tarnished and jagged , to the ground . 
 oison opened his mouth and cried something in fae , but he only got a few words out before graham grabbed him by the neck again . 
 as graham had done in his dream , he ripped his claws into oison 's throat , no chain mail now to stop him . 
 hot blood poured out over graham 's hands . 
 oison locked his fingers around graham 's wrists , gasping for breath . 
 the fae gulped air and started chanting again , another spell , graham knew . 
 graham felt himself weakening , shifting back to human , whatever magic it was taking hold , but he refused to let go . 
 `` graham ! '' 
 misty , his mate , screamed . 
 `` get out of the way ! '' 
 graham saw her , and his eyes widened . 
 he spun oison around so his back would be to misty , then graham hit the ground as misty , who 'd grabbed xavier 's gun , unloaded every bullet in it into the fae . 
 oison faltered , but he kicked away from graham and ran for the opening to the cave . 
 bullets were lead , not iron , so while they 'd slow him down , he could escape to faerie and live . 
 graham would n't let him . 
 he was on oison in two strides , changing to wolf , bringing the fae down flat on his back . 
 he closed his mouth over oison 's throat , biting down . 
 graham tasted blood , and saw the life leave oison 's eyes . 
 oison 's head lolled , blood coming from his mouth , then all at once , he looked straight up at graham . 
 `` it 's only the beginning , '' he said clearly , then he died . 
 his body crumpled , dissolving into dust . 
 graham shifted slowly , painfully back to human . 
 misty dropped to her knees next to him , the gun falling from her hands . 
 `` graham ... '' `` it 's all right , misty , '' graham said , barely able to form the words . 
 `` i got the son of a bitch . '' 
 he collapsed into her arms , spent , but there was no place he 'd rather be . 
 the hot summer wind swept down from the ridge and carried the dust of oison 's dead body into the vast open plain of the desert . 
 `` dougal first , '' graham said . 
 the dx security van they lay in rocked and swayed over the rutted roads back to shiftertown . 
 `` graham , you have three sword holes in you , '' misty snapped . 
 `` and a reopened gunshot wound . '' 
 she clung to his hand , her heart slamming in her chest , not liking that graham 's grip was so weak . 
 `` and dougal got stabbed , plus he 's got collar fatigue . '' 
 graham 's voice might not be up to his usual volume , but he 'd held on to his strength of will . 
 `` i 'm better , '' dougal said . 
 he sat up beside graham , leaning against the van wall . 
 `` what hurt was the magic . 
 now that oison 's gone , so is the spell . '' 
 `` no kidding . '' 
 graham had his other hand around a bottle of water . 
 he 'd insisted on drinking , so happy to be able to again , though andrea had joked it would all come out the holes if he did n't quit . 
 `` he 's not good . '' 
 andrea said now . 
 the slim woman put her hand on graham 's bloody stomach . 
 `` too much blood loss , too long under a spell , dehydration , exhaustion . 
 all that on top of his wounds . 
 i 'm going to need a lot of help . '' 
 `` i 'm here , '' sean said . 
 he put his hand on his mate 's shoulder , his other on the hilt of his sword , which rested tip-first on the van 's floor . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 misty asked , not liking the sword so near . 
 she knew what the swords of the guardians did-were used to release a shifter 's soul when the shifter did n't make it . 
 `` there has to be something . '' 
 graham tried to squeeze her fingers . 
 `` you 've done everything , love . 
 you found me . 
 twice . 
 you rescued me . 
 twice . 
 you tased oison , then you shot him . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that was fun to watch . '' 
 `` shut up , graham . '' 
 misty kissed his scraped and blackened cheek . 
 `` save your strength . '' 
 `` you 're going to need it to heal , '' andrea told him . 
 `` misty , the touch of a mate helps . 
 put your hand next to mine , and think about how much you love him . '' 
 `` she 's not my mate , '' graham rumbled . 
 the others in the van turned heads to look at misty , and xav glanced back over the front seat at them . 
 misty found herself pinned under feline and lupine stares , including those of the cubs . 
 `` she never accepted the claim , '' graham said . 
 `` sucks , but there it is . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 misty put her hand on graham 's chest , feeling his heart beating hard and erratically beneath her fingers . 
 `` we argued about this , remember ? 
 you said i did n't refuse . '' 
 `` but you did n't accept , either . '' 
 `` well , shit , graham , i do n't know everything there is to know about shifter rituals . 
 i 'm going out with a man who does n't tell me anything . '' 
 `` hey , do n't blame this on me , sweetheart - '' dougal broke in . 
 `` misty , you say , ` under the father god and mother goddess , and in front of witnesses , i accept the mate-claim . ' '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 misty glared at graham . 
 `` would that have been so hard ? '' 
 she took a deep breath and spoke quickly . 
 `` under the father god and mother goddess , and in front of witnesses , i accept the mate-claim . '' 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 graham grasped her hand again and squeezed it . 
 `` i feel better already . '' 
 the mood in the van lightened . 
 andrea 's face softened into a smile , and dougal whooped . 
 even reid , in the front with xav , gave misty a quiet nod . 
 sean grinned , and xav gave them all a thumbs-up as he kept driving . 
 dougal launched himself at misty and enfolded her in a hard hug . 
 `` thank you , misty . '' 
 the twins rammed into her other side , hugging her tight . 
 sean and andrea had brought their clothes , which they 'd put on more or less right , except kyle had his shirt on inside out . 
 `` aunt misty ! '' 
 they shouted . 
 the cubs let go of her and jumped up and down together , then ran at her and hugged her again . 
 all the while graham lay there , his eyes softening . 
 `` thank you , misty . '' 
 misty leaned down , being careful not to hurt him , and kissed his cracked lips . 
 `` anytime , love . '' 
 graham tried to kiss her back , the glint in his eye telling her when he felt better , she 'd need to watch out . 
 misty did n't care . 
 she loved graham , she loved sex with him , and she yearned for him with every part of her . 
 graham smiled the best he could as she rose from him , then he looked past her . 
 `` and you two , '' he said to the twins , with a hint of his old firmness . 
 `` goddess help me . 
 i do n't know whether to lock you in your room for two months or take you out for pizza . '' 
 the twins sprang away from misty and high-fived each other . 
 `` pizza ! '' 
 they yelled . 
 `` earplugs , '' graham said , wincing . 
 `` i 'm buying a bucket load . '' 
 laughter began , and then healing magic , as the van rocked and swayed through the dusty desert night . 
 andrea 's skill , bandages , misty 's touch , and time healed graham 's wounds , though he was the most impatient patient misty had ever dealt with . 
 graham was up and down constantly while he convalesced , picking at the bandages , reopening the closed wounds , grumbling when they were bandaged again . 
 he said he could n't stay in bed when he had to take care of dougal , and the cubs , and shifter business , and run his half of shiftertown , and fix his bike , which had gotten shot , if she remembered . 
 the shifters would have to rebuild the house that had collapsed , away from the ley line this time . 
 plus , they needed to get the shifter bureau off their backs about the collars-though the soldiers had tested every one and found them all functional . 
 still , the fact that a seed of doubt had been sown meant shifters had to be very , very careful about the collars . 
 but collars had to come off and be replaced with fake ones as soon as possible , now that shifters knew about the fae and their nefarious plots with the swords . 
 then there was the question of arranging for the mating ceremonies with misty , and graham breaking it to his lupines he was mating with a human . 
 the lupines already knew , of course , because nothing could be kept quiet in shiftertown . 
 wolves would walk by his house while graham healed , staring up at his bedroom window , and not always out of concern for him . 
 they left him alone for now , but graham said that a time would come for confrontation . 
 paul had taken over looking after misty 's flower shop and its cleanup , so misty could stay with graham and help him . 
 paul proved to be good at the store , and misty decided that once graham was healthy again , she 'd ask paul to go into it with her as a full partner . 
 she could do that for him , and paul could finally begin his life . 
 ben returned a week into graham 's recovery to congratulate misty on her victory . 
 graham almost ripped ben 's head off as soon as he stepped inside through the kitchen door misty enthusiastically opened for him . 
 `` you ass ** le , '' graham said clearly when he had his hands around ben 's throat . 
 graham 's collar sparked , but he did n't seem to notice or care . 
 `` misty told me all about you . 
 you sent her straight into danger-alone . 
 never mind about your little spell book . 
 if not for you , she 'd have stayed the hell out of this . '' 
 `` maybe , '' ben said , unruffled , even though graham 's fingers bit into his neck . 
 `` but she would n't have learned how to find you or fight the fae 's spells , and you 'd be a fae slave now . 
 or dead . 
 maybe both . '' 
 `` i do n't want her to fight the fae , '' graham snarled . 
 `` i want her to stay safe . '' 
 ben brought his hands up between graham 's and snapped his hold away . 
 graham stepped back in surprise and glared at him , but did n't renew the attack . 
 `` i want her to stay safe too , '' ben said , his look serious . 
 `` that 's why i taught her how to defend herself and save you . '' 
 `` yeah , well ... '' graham 's growl was low , and his collar quieted . 
 misty released a breath of relief . 
 she knew graham well enough now to know he 'd gotten his initial rage out of his system and might start listening . 
 `` so when i found the box of books at the flea market , '' she said , rummaging in the refrigerator . 
 now that graham was done choking ben , both men might want beer . 
 `` did you make sure i 'd buy it ? 
 or was it a coincidence ? '' 
 ben winked at her . 
 `` i do n't believe in coincidences . '' 
 graham rumbled . 
 `` of course you do n't , you cocky son of a - '' `` what about matt and kyle ? '' 
 misty interrupted . 
 `` you said they were special . 
 very special shifters , you called them . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 ben accepted the beer . 
 graham grabbed the other from misty and twisted off the top , his movements still a bit stiff . 
 `` i came to tell you about that , actually , '' ben said . 
 `` i did n't realize what they were at first . 
 i did n't think there were any left . 
 but i did a little research , and i 'm right . '' 
 `` get to the point . '' 
 graham leaned against the counter near misty , protecting her even now , and fixed ben with a shifter stare . 
 `` damn creatures from faerie love the cryptic . '' 
 `` they 're guards , '' ben said . 
 graham stiffened . 
 `` guardians ? '' 
 ben shook his head . 
 `` guards . 
 back when shifters were created , fae made a special breed of them they called guards . 
 they were a little bigger and more ferocious than typical shifters , and created to guard the highest generals , the clan leaders , and the emperor . '' 
 `` rear guard , you mean , '' graham said . 
 `` to take care of the cowards who would n't go out in actual battle . '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 ben nodded and took a sip of beer . 
 `` unfortunately , the fae made the guards a little too good . 
 when the shifter-fae war came along , the guards turned around and defended the shifters instead of the fae . 
 they knew a lot about the habits of the highest-ranking fae , and they used that knowledge to take them down . 
 they fought the fae to the death . 
 the main reason the shifters won that war is because of the shifter guards . 
 unfortunately , ` to the death ' meant literally . 
 the guards died to the last one . 
 extinct . 
 or so we all thought . '' 
 ben gestured with his beer bottle . 
 `` those two cubs are guards . 
 i guess the genetics made it through . 
 who was their father ? '' 
 graham shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 their mother was one of my wolves-she died bringing them in , and she never would say who the father was . 
 none of my other lupines would admit to it , so i figured she 'd found a wolf from another shiftertown , or maybe one who 'd stayed in the wild . 
 she died without naming him . '' 
 `` hmm , '' ben said . 
 `` interesting . 
 well , keep an eye on them . '' 
 `` great , '' graham said , though the anger in his voice had lessened a long way . 
 `` they 're out with dougal right now . 
 probably watching dougal chase tail . '' 
 `` they 'll take care of dougal , '' ben said . 
 `` who 's babysitting whom , that 's the question . '' 
 he chuckled , took another sip of beer , and glanced out the window . 
 `` hey , graham , looks like your wolves are ready to parley . 
 enjoy yourself . '' 
 ben set his bottle by the sink , came to misty and kissed her cheek , then grinned at the snarling graham , and exited through the front . 
 `` crap . '' 
 graham slammed down his bottle , winced , and touched his side . 
 shifters healed quickly , he 'd said over and over to misty this week , but even so , graham was n't ready for a full-blown fight . 
 graham walked out of the house to his back porch , misty following . 
 graham pulled himself up straight to face the crowd of lupines who 'd gathered at the edge of his yard . 
 `` she accepted the mate-claim , '' graham told them , his voice as strong as ever . 
 `` get over it . '' 
 `` we know . '' 
 the wolf called norval fixed his gaze on misty . 
 `` we do n't accept it . '' 
 `` do n't care , '' graham said . 
 `` i formed the mate bond with her . 
 what am i supposed to do ? 
 throw that away ? '' 
 several of the wolves moved uneasily . 
 the mate bond was an almost sacred thing-to come between two shifters who shared it was cruel , not to mention dangerous . 
 `` other shifters have given up the mate bond for the good of their clans , '' norval said . 
 `` true , '' graham answered . 
 `` other shifters , not me . 
 and that was in the wild , where those choices meant survival . 
 these days , we do n't have to deny a mate bond so full-of-themselves shifters do n't get their knickers in a twist . '' 
 a few of the wolves chuckled . 
 norval only looked more angry . 
 `` watch it , graham . 
 i 'll challenge for shiftertown leadership if you break this faith . '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 graham shrugged his large shoulders . 
 `` i 'll slam you down . 
 then your second will climb over your dead body to take the clan leadership . '' 
 more movement , some of the shifters drifting away from norval , others gathering behind him . 
 misty saw dougal approach and stand on the edge of the crowd . 
 graham shook his head ever so slightly , and dougal nodded back , silently staying where he was . 
 `` i accept the mating , '' a female voice said . 
 the lupine woman jan stepped out from behind muriel . 
 her arms were folded , she would n't look at anyone directly , but she glanced defiantly out of the corners of her eyes . 
 `` misty granger will be a good mate for graham , '' jan said , her voice firm . 
 `` she 'll have our backs . '' 
 norval bristled . 
 `` you do n't know what the f ** k you 're talking about . '' 
 `` yes , she does , '' misty broke in . 
 a hiss of distaste went through some of the shifters-a female , human , speaking to dominant shifters-unheard of . 
 misty jabbed a fist in jan 's direction and grinned at her . 
 `` jan and me , we 're sisters under the skin . '' 
 `` misty saved me from being taken by the shifter bureau , '' jan said . 
 `` for that , i stand by her . '' 
 `` i do too , '' muriel said . 
 `` jan told me what happened . 
 while you alphas were skulking around avoiding the bureau men , misty was saving jan 's ass . 
 she also saved graham 's . 
 we would n't have a leader right now if not for her . '' 
 `` she also got graham into trouble in the first place , '' norval said angrily . 
 `` he got shot and nearly taken by the fae because he went running after her . '' 
 `` pay attention , '' muriel said . 
 `` the fae would have grabbed graham any way he could . 
 misty brought him home and kept the bureau from finding out we 're digging under the houses . '' 
 norval 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` are you ` sisters ' with her too ? '' 
 `` no , '' muriel said . 
 `` but i 'm not stupid . 
 you want graham to mate for the good of his shifters , or so you say . 
 or maybe you 're trying to force a match that 's for the good of you . '' 
 `` muriel , '' norval growled , giving her his alpha stare . 
 another young female lupine came forward , followed by another , more reluctant , but with her shoulders squared . 
 `` we 'll stand by graham 's choice too , '' the first one said . 
 `` we 're a little irritated that our clan leaders are trying to mate us off to him . 
 it 's our decision who we pick as a mate , not theirs . 
 we 're tired of being treated like chattel . '' 
 norval swept his gaze over them . 
 `` is this what city living does to lupines ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` clan leaders let low-dominance females speak without permission ? '' 
 `` clan leaders can get used to it , '' misty called to him . 
 `` if i 'm going to be the shiftertown leader 's mate , i 'll teach the ladies to not let themselves be pushed around . 
 they should all be like my friend lindsay . '' 
 norval went almost purple . 
 `` dear goddess . 
 graham , control her . '' 
 graham shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 she 's human . 
 she does what she wants . '' 
 he rested his fists on the porch railing . 
 `` my decision 's made . 
 i mate-claimed misty , she accepted , the sun and moon ceremonies will be soon . 
 suck on it . '' 
 norval and a few others looked as though they wanted to continue the argument , but graham did his graham thing of turning around and walking away , showing them his uncaring back . 
 misty gave jan a grateful smile and retreated into the house after graham . 
 graham grabbed misty around the waist as soon as she came out of the kitchen and had her against the wall in the hall . 
 `` you 've got a sassy mouth . '' 
 he leaned to her . 
 `` i 'm going to bite it . '' 
 `` mmm . '' 
 misty laced her arms around his neck as he took her bottom lip between his teeth . 
 the little pain of the bite shot excitement through her . 
 `` mating frenzy , '' graham said . 
 `` it 's rising and does n't care about these damn bandages . '' 
 misty put her hand on his jeans and slid it down to his zipper . 
 `` i see that . '' 
 graham rested his hands on either side of her head as he licked across her mouth . 
 `` i need you , misty . 
 i 've been needing you ... it 's making me crazy . '' 
 misty lost her smile . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` it 's supposed to be me saying that . '' 
 graham nipped her chin . 
 `` i want to do everything with you , love . 
 i want you to suck my cock . 
 i want to drink you . 
 i want you riding me , and looking at me with your beautiful eyes when you do it . 
 i want you on your hands and knees , like in your garden , in the moonlight . 
 i want to be in you , buried there , and not come out . 
 i want it all . '' 
 warm excitement built . 
 `` i can go for that . '' 
 misty pressed her hand to his chest . 
 `` but not until you 're well . '' 
 `` i 'm well . 
 i 'm with my mate . '' 
 graham clasped her hand , pressing it harder into his chest . 
 `` and i have the mate bond . 
 it 's hot inside me , connecting me to you . 
 can you feel it too ? '' 
 the look he gave her was so hopeful , so utterly raw , no barriers between them , that misty 's eyes stung . 
 `` i feel warmth right here . '' 
 she pressed his hand between her br ** sts . 
 `` i feel happy whenever i see you , even when you 're yelling . 
 i love looking at you , and watching you look at me as though you want to devour me . 
 i feel lighter whenever you 're around me . 
 i told you in the cave that i loved you , and why . 
 want me to tell you again ? '' 
 `` i heard you , '' graham said . 
 `` even that far gone , i heard you . '' 
 he touched his lips to hers , the kiss the gentlest brush . 
 `` it brought me back to you . '' 
 `` graham . '' 
 misty loved saying his name . 
 she laced her hand behind his head , rubbing his short hair , and made the next kiss deeper . 
 she loved doing that too . 
 graham opened her mouth with his kiss , brushing her cheek with his thumb . 
 his body came hard against hers , pressing her back into the wall . 
 when graham broke the kiss and looked down at her , the tenderness had left him . 
 `` i 'm done being nice . '' 
 the strength and the savage growl had returned to his voice . 
 `` can you take that ? '' 
 excited heat spun through her . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` better know so . '' 
 graham took a step back and flashed her his most wicked smile . 
 `` run , sweetheart . 
 i want to hunt . '' 
 misty 's eyes widened . 
 graham 's little growl made her heart flutter and then beat very fast . 
 misty turned and ran , but not out of the house . 
 graham caught her when she was halfway up the stairs . 
 then her shorts were yanked down , her shirt wrenched off , and graham was on top of her . 
 he growled as he slid inside her , taking her with hard , merciless thrusts . 
 all the while he cradled misty in his arms so she would n't be hurt on the uncarpeted stairs . 
 misty met his thrusts with her own . 
 it was a fierce , wild coupling , and misty wanted it . 
 wanted more . 
 mating frenzy did n't happen only to shifters . 
 `` i love you , '' graham said , his voice the gravelly rumble she adored . 
 `` mate of my heart . '' 
 `` i love you too , '' misty whispered , then she yelled it , her voice echoing up and down the stairs . 
 `` i love you , graham mcneil ! 
 mate of my heart . '' 
 graham made a noise in his throat , and the emptiness that she 'd always seen in his eyes fled . 
 the light in them warmed , flared , then was drowned by a sudden wash of tears . 
 graham 's mouth came down on her in a savage kiss , one that held both his fierceness and his love . 
 he protected her with strong arms while he kissed her and sought his pleasure , and he gave her pleasure back threefold . 
 misty traced his flame tattoos , which danced and swirled like the fires in her heart . 
