 chapter 1 angel rule # 1 : never lie to your assignment . 
 from the moment rebecca set out to become an angel , she 'd known she was n't the ideal candidate . 
 she cursed . 
 she coveted . 
 she thought highly uncharitable thoughts-and those uncharitable thoughts often led to losing her temper . 
 just like she had this morning . 
 it was n't her fault . 
 the assistant kitchen angel would n't give her any apple pie . 
 rebecca would swear until she turned blue in the face that the wench deliberately skipped over her-and rebecca really , really liked apple pie . 
 but she 'd made herself cool off , and even apologize ... until the brat had stuck her tongue out . 
 that was when the hair-pulling had started . 
 like that wretch would ever earn her wings , either . 
 hmph . 
 rebecca rubbed at the bite-mark the stupid brat had left on her forearm , and leaned against a telephone pole . 
 across the street , a u-haul truck sat before a modestly sized house . 
 boxes strewed across the sidewalk . 
 a little girl sat on the steps , clutching a doll in her arms . 
 her eyes were grave , and her chestnut hair gleamed in the sunlight . 
 she was beautiful , rebecca thought . 
 as beautiful as the child rebecca would never have . 
 she pushed those thoughts away . 
 her training-a strenuous ten-hour daily lecture combined with good old hands-on experience-warned her against dwelling on her mortal life , or the personal sacrifices she 'd made to answer a higher calling . 
 she 'd tried , especially after the archangel of new recruit training , her holiness and eminence miss sally of the disapproving stare , had held her back an extra year . 
 most aspiring angels were allowed contact with humans after the mandatory twelve-month training program . 
 it had taken rebecca two and a half years of endless book studies and lectures on why slouching was bad for her shoulders before sally even considered letting her accept a case on earth-and now here she was . 
 she believed she just might be stalling . 
 no , there was no `` might '' about it . 
 rebecca tore herself from her pensive thoughts and looked away from the child . 
 she was n't here for the girl . 
 she was here for one anthony richard weis , single father of four-year-old miranda and a man sorely in danger of losing his soul . 
 a gruff voice rumbled from inside the u-haul , echoing throughout the cavernous space . 
 well . 
 he had a mouth on him , did n't he ? 
 the tips of rebecca 's ears heated , but she lifted her chin , wiped her sweaty hands on her skirt , and crossed the street to the truck . 
 she could do this . 
 all she had to do was make sure anthony remained on sound moral footing . 
 in the course of three years , anthony had lost his job , his house , and the mother of his child-and would soon commit a murder . 
 her job consisted of stepping into his life and persuading him to take the higher ground . 
 or in this case , not to kill anyone . 
 easy enough , right ? 
 except that rebecca had never really succeeded at much in life , unless there was an award for sucking the most . 
 her life before sally had been a miserable failure . 
 she could n't fail again . 
 she had this situation under control , and she would succeed . 
 why , then , was she so nervous ? 
 maybe because her entire life depended on this mission . 
 her future as an angel . 
 a purpose that would finally make her life mean something . 
 she could n't panic now . 
 she 'd been chosen by god as one of the elite few humans given the opportunity to become an angel . 
 a real , honest-to-goodness , ever-serene angel . 
 she just had to get tony to believe in god , and in her . 
 and work on that serenity thing . 
 then , maybe she 'd be the person she 'd always wanted to be . 
 maybe she 'd no longer be a failure . 
 maybe she 'd no longer be alone . 
 maybe , just maybe ... she 'd finally be whole . 
 ... tony threw the box into the stack in the back of the truck . 
 it tumbled back down . 
 the packing tape , which he 'd only haphazardly slapped on in the first place , snapped . 
 mismatched dishware spilled across the floor . 
 two plates shattered . 
 tony snarled , swore , and climbed into the truck to pick up the pieces . 
 he was in no mood for this . 
 he was rarely in the mood for anything except miranda-but these days , no one would be surprised by that . 
 jane had walked out on him . 
 she had n't even stuck around for the divorce . 
 instead she 'd left him with overwhelming daycare expenses , a never-ending stream of diapers , and the stress that came with finding affordable housing on a single father 's income . 
 a plumber 's paycheck only went so far , especially when he missed out on doubling his hourly rate for those lucrative on-call jobs . 
 he 'd only become a plumber when his father passed away . 
 he 'd been an accountant before . 
 lucrative , but with brutal hours . 
 but when mike weis left him the family business , it was either sell off a company his father had spent a lifetime building , or take over his legacy . 
 jane had said she was on board . 
 she 'd obviously lied . 
 once they 'd moved into the suburbs to be closer to his father 's established client base , she 'd acted like every minute there was torture . 
 who knew a white picket fence and a homeowner 's association were the equivalent of waterboarding at guantanamo . 
 once she left him , the three a.m. house calls were no longer an option , unless it was a wake-up call to feed a fussy baby . 
 late night feedings had turned into late night nightmares and under-the-bed monster inspections , but it did n't change that miranda still needed him . 
 then again , he needed his baby girl , too . 
 she was the only good thing he had left . 
 tony sighed , set the fragments of porcelain down , and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 he really should be able to let this go . 
 it had been over three years now , and miranda was still a joy , no matter the difficulties of raising her alone . 
 it was too hot to be stressing himself out , anyway . 
 he was practically giving off heat waves like molten blacktop , and sweat was a gritty extra layer between his shirt and his skin . 
 he needed an ice cream break-or a beer . 
 ice cream . 
 miranda loved ice cream , and right now he needed to watch her face brighten and her eyes light up . 
 needed her laughter , and those tiny arms around his neck to remind him why he worked so hard . 
 he climbed out of the truck and started toward the porch . 
 he only made it two steps . 
 two steps , before he stopped and stared at the woman at the foot of the ramp . 
 she cocked her head to the side and watched him with eyes as blue as the summer sky above . 
 her shockingly bright red hair cascaded to her hips , and clung to the damp film on ivory shoulders just beginning to dew with sweat . 
 the faint sheen of perspiration made her seem to glow in the sun . 
 a small splotch of freckles splayed across her nose . 
 she was impossibly beautiful . 
 which meant he had sunstroke , and this was a hallucination . 
 tony ground his fists against his eyes-but when he looked again , she was still there . 
 she was real . 
 very real , and watching him as if waiting for him to say something . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 the ironic little twist of her lips roused an answering twist in his gut , tight and hot . 
 he shoved it down with zero remorse . 
 women like her were nothing but trouble . 
 they used their looks to get what they wanted , then abandoned men after they 'd used them up and sucked them dry . 
 heartless , every last one of them . 
 the woman faltered , looking at him strangely , before her smile returned . 
 `` i 'm looking for anthony weis . 
 are you him , by any chance ? '' 
 tony shrugged . 
 she probably needed a plumber . 
 she was a bit late . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm out of business . 
 you 'll have to find someone else . 
 i 'm moving . '' 
 he swung himself down the ramp to the asphalt and pushed past the woman without another glance . 
 as he strode up the walk , miranda looked at him with those wide , solemn eyes that made him ache . 
 no one so young should have eyes so old . 
 `` hey , darling , '' he murmured , and sat on the steps . 
 miranda smiled and rested her tiny hand on his knee . 
 his heart lurched , and he swallowed hard . 
 she still trusted him so much , even though he 'd not only failed to keep his father 's business afloat , but failed to provide for her . 
 he 'd failed her , and it was his fault they were now forced to move into a cramped two-bedroom apartment in dallas . 
 `` you hot , daddy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` mmhm . 
 very . '' 
 he smiled and leaned closer . 
 she tipped her adorable face up to his . 
 `` i wish we could find something to help us cool off . '' 
 he tilted his head , thinking . 
 `` something cold , i think . 
 something ... chocolaty . 
 maybe with sprinkles . 
 if only i could think of the name ... '' she raised a hand and grinned , practically bouncing . 
 `` oh ! 
 i know ! 
 i know ! '' 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` know what ? '' 
 `` ice cream , daddy . '' 
 she giggled , covering her mouth . 
 `` it 's called ice cream . '' 
 he slapped his forehead and rolled his eyes . 
 `` now , however did i forget that ? 
 i love ice cream more than anyone else . '' 
 `` no you do n't , daddy . 
 i do ! '' 
 she squeezed his hand , her eyes wide and earnest . 
 `` we go ? '' 
 `` you have to pay the daddy tax , first . '' 
 he pointed to his cheek and waited . 
 she laughed and planted a big , wet-very wet-kiss on his jaw . 
 tony smiled and took her hand . 
 `` paid in full . 
 okay , let 's go . '' 
 the excitement in miranda 's eyes reminded tony so much of her mother , before things had gone sour . 
 he swallowed back on his bitterness , and the shame that came with it . 
 shame would inevitably lead to hatred , and he would n't ruin miranda 's happiness with his ugly mood . 
 it was n't her fault , anyway . 
 was n't her fault that her laughter reminded him how badly her mother had broken his heart . 
 jane was the primary reason he did n't trust women . 
 in his opinion , men and women were better off if they stuck to satisfying their mutual needs now and then , and left each other alone the other three hundred and sixty four days of the year . 
 none of this bullshit about relationships . 
 none of this bullshit about love . 
 never again . 
 miranda was the only love he needed , and she looked at him right now , nearly squirming with eagerness . 
 `` now , daddy ? '' 
 `` sure , '' he said , and stood with her little hand curled in his . 
 `` off we go . '' 
 miranda hopped to her feet . 
 patches of sweat darkened her dress , which stirred sluggishly in the subtle breeze . 
 tony picked up her wide-brimmed sun hat and plopped it onto her head . 
 she giggled , tipped the hat up , and looked down the walk . 
 `` daddy , who is she ? 
 is she coming , too ? '' 
 tony jerked and tore his eyes away from his daughter . 
 the woman was still there , standing on the sidewalk and watching them with that same wry smile . 
 why the hell was she even hanging around , let alone eavesdropping on a private conversation with his daughter ? 
 he clenched his jaw and forced each word out clearly and slowly . 
 `` look , lady , i told you i 'm closed . 
 i 'm a little busy now , so i 'd like you to leave . '' 
 the woman ignored him , sat down on the porch step , and offered her hand to miranda . 
 `` hi there . '' 
 miranda looked between tony and the woman , her eyes wide and confused . 
 tony drew a deep breath and clenched his fists . 
 this was getting out of hand-and the moment she went near his daughter , she turned from a minor irritation into a potential threat . 
 who did she think she was ? 
 she caught his eye . 
 `` you can yell at me if you want , but it wo n't do any good . 
 i 'm not leaving . 
 i 'm here on a mission . '' 
 tony stared at the woman , raising a brow . 
 a mission . 
 seriously ? 
 a - no . 
 he did n't want to know . 
 he drew his daughter away from the woman 's outstretched hand and urged her up the steps . 
 `` miranda , honey , go inside and find your baby dolls . 
 bring them out so we can put them in the truck . '' 
 the entire time , he watched the woman warily . 
 she said nothing , only dropping her hand to her lap . 
 miranda pouted . 
 `` but we ca n't pack them , daddy . 
 they 'll get scared . '' 
 `` of course not , pumpkin . 
 i 'd never want to scare them . 
 you know that . 
 put them on the swing . 
 in the sun . '' 
 tony kept his voice mild for his daughter 's sake , but the moment miranda scurried inside , he turned to the woman and bit off , `` you need to leave . 
 now . '' 
 if she did n't , he 'd call the cops . 
 maybe he was overreacting , but he did n't play when it came to miranda 's safety . 
 he 'd rather let the cops deal with the woman than tangle with her himself , and run the risk of hurting her . 
 `` call the cops if it makes you feel better . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` but i wo n't leave . 
 i 'm here under the power of a higher authority , and you wo n't get rid of me until i 'm done . '' 
 tony frowned . 
 he was fairly certain he had n't spoken out loud . 
 maybe that sunstroke was worse than he 'd thought . 
 she chuckled . 
 `` you do n't have sunstroke . 
 before you ask - '' she raised a hand . 
 `` yes , i heard you think that . 
 the grace of god does funny things . 
 my freckles are n't that dark , by the way . '' 
 her smile faded and she stood , regarding him with a somber gaze . 
 `` i 'm here to save your soul , anthony weis . '' 
 tony choked on an incredulous laugh . 
 `` this is the part where you strip , right ? 
 and sing some stupid little jingle ? 
 who put you up to this ? '' 
 anger burned through his veins . 
 `` and in front of miranda , you - '' his mouth dried . 
 his thoughts filled with the image of the woman-undulating around him , lithe and curved , naked except for a few strategically placed scarves . 
 in his mind 's eye , her pale skin shone through the misty fabric , and her mouth was a luscious , ripe temptation , glistening red . 
 her clipped voice snapped him back to reality . 
 `` i 'm not a stripper . 
 i told you , i 'm here on a mission . 
 it does n't involve - '' she flapped a hand with a huffy sound . 
 pink stained her cheeks . '' 
 - that . '' 
 tony cleared his throat and shrugged . 
 `` look , this has been great . 
 i needed a laugh . 
 it 's been a crappy day . 
 but i 'm done . 
 get lost before i really do call the police . '' 
 he turned away and headed down the walk , back to the truck . 
 frigging nutjob . 
 hot or not , she was the last thing he needed to cap off this already shitty day . 
 `` i 'm sorry you 're having a bad day , '' she called after him . 
 her voice was musical , its cadence lyrical . 
 `` but i 'm not a nutjob . 
 i 'm here to help you , whether you believe me or not . '' 
 that was it . 
 he 'd end this game right here and now . 
 tony whirled to face her . 
 `` okay , lady . 
 if you can read my mind , answer this . '' 
 how many times did jane and i make love before she left me in the dirt ? 
 he stared at her and waited . 
 he 'd expected a wild guess , or a challenging deflection . 
 what he did n't expect was the warmth in her eyes , or the sympathy . 
 she studied him in silence . 
 her lips trembled , just for a moment . 
 her lashes swept down , and she looked away . 
 `` four hundred and seventy-two , '' she said , each word soft with sorrow . 
 `` one hundred and twelve until you were gifted with miranda . 
 one last time , in anger and in hatred , before she left . '' 
 the memories shot through him with every word . 
 every thought that had played through his mind over and over each time he 'd asked himself why , when he 'd thought ... he 'd thought they were so good together . 
 he 'd started counting after the very first time . 
 their picnic date had ended in a summer shower that left them drenched and scrambling for the car . 
 they 'd laughed all the way back to her place , until that laughter turned to kisses . 
 caresses . 
 more . 
 and he 'd counted each time they 'd made love since , so he 'd never forget . 
 even if now , he wished he could . 
 tony sank down on the nearest box , legs numb , chest tight . 
 he stared at the woman . 
 `` who-what are you ? '' 
 she knelt before him and laid her slender hand atop his knee . 
 just like miranda . 
 he tensed . 
 her fingers were warm , even through his jeans , and shot a jolt of fire straight through him . 
 he shoved her away and scooted out of reach . 
 he did n't need a strange woman 's touch . 
 he 'd had enough of that to last a lifetime . 
 `` i 'm an angel , '' she said , `` and i 'm here to save you . '' 
 tony tried to speak , but the words lodged in his throat . 
 if angels existed , they would look like this woman . 
 but she could n't be an angel ; he did n't believe in angels . 
 he 'd have to believe in god for that , and he 'd given up on faith a long time ago . 
 so what was she ? 
 her shoulders stiffened . 
 her brows furrowed , and she fixed him with a puzzled look . 
 `` you should n't lose faith , '' she recited mechanically . 
 `` it 's like losing air . 
 you 'll die without it . '' 
 `` you do n't sound like you believe that . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 she tossed her head with clear pride . 
 was n't that a cardinal sin ? 
 `` i 'm an angel . 
 how could i not believe ? '' 
 yet there was a hesitation in her voice , an emptiness . 
 a lack of conviction that told him she was the last person to make him believe in god . 
 she had n't convinced herself yet , so how did she plan on saving him ? 
 he shook his head . 
 `` all you need to lose faith is to lose your reason to believe . 
 and you sound like you 've lost yours . '' 
 she lifted her chin . 
 her jaw jutted out stubbornly . 
 `` are you talking about me , or yourself ? '' 
 `` maybe both . '' 
 he watched her . 
 her mouth was tight . 
 her eyes were glassy . 
 `` i can still breathe without belief in a higher power . 
 if you hold a pillow over my head , i 'll die . 
 that 's fact . 
 that 's truth . 
 that 's what i believe . 
 and i think that 's what you believe , too . '' 
 `` you do n't know what i believe . '' 
 the flash of anger in her eyes almost made him smile . 
 so she was n't all sweetness and light . 
 she had fire . 
 `` you ca n't sit there and tell me i do n't have faith . '' 
 `` maybe not , but i can tell you to give up . '' 
 tony ran his hand over his jaw and pushed himself to his feet . 
 `` you 're wasting your time here . 
 there 's nothing to save in this mess . '' 
 she frowned and flicked an imperious hand at the stacks of boxes . 
 `` you 're surrounded by material possessions . 
 you had the money to rent a truck . 
 you lost your home , but you still have another one . 
 a home that will keep miranda sheltered and warm . 
 a home that will keep miranda safe . 
 you have so much more than so many others . 
 more than anything , you have the love of a little girl who needs you , when so many others would kill to be able to even have a child . '' 
 her throat worked in a swallow . 
 `` you have so much worth saving . 
 so much that shows everything you 've worked for , and everything you love . 
 but you can only see failure and despair . 
 you 're lost . 
 you 've lost yourself . 
 that 's why i 'm here , tony . '' 
 guilt took on a life of its own , and forced tony to look away . 
 damn it , she was right . 
 it only made him want her gone even more . 
 that sweet face , those tormented , intense eyes , were the last things he needed haunting his life . 
 `` consider me chastised , '' he muttered . 
 `` now leave . '' 
 he pointed down the street and waited , glaring . 
 the tactic usually worked on one of miranda 's tantrums , and would send her bolting to her room to take comfort in her dolls . 
 this woman did n't budge an inch . 
 her arms folded across ample br ** sts , and of their own accord , his eyes drifted down . 
 if she was an angel , should n't her tank top cover just a little bit more ? 
 the angry tapping of her foot dragged him back up to meet a ferocious glower . 
 this woman was no angel . 
 not with the temper making sparks dance against those blue eyes . 
 `` i do n't have a temper , '' she said through her teeth . 
 `` and you can stop trying to scare me into running . 
 i 've seen worse . 
 do you think you can just sulk me into leaving ? '' 
 tony threw his hands up . 
 `` what more do you want ? '' 
 `` to save your soul . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` from what ? '' 
 she went still . 
 her eyes darkened , and her lips parted , then closed again . 
 she dropped her arms to her side . 
 that damned look was back . 
 that look of sympathy that hit him like a shot to the stomach . 
 `` murder , '' she said . 
 murder ? 
 tony felt sick , and he braced his hand against the truck for support . 
 was she saying he 'd be murdered ? 
 for what ? 
 by whom ? 
 who hated him enough to take his life ? 
 impossible . 
 she was lying . 
 no matter the sick sense of dread in his gut , she had to be lying . 
 he licked parched lips and whispered , `` how will it happen ? 
 a robbery ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you are n't the victim , tony . 
 you 're the murderer . '' 
 it took a moment for the word to sink in . 
 murderer . 
 it was as ugly and dark as his rage . 
 how dare she ? 
 this-this wispy slip of a girl thought she could walk into his life and accuse him of some imaginary murder ? 
 she did n't even know him . 
 he could never do something so unthinking , so careless and cruel . 
 he might have lost faith , but he had n't lost his mind . 
 tony weis was n't a murderer . 
 he was a lot of things-an ass ** le , a womanizer , sometimes a failure as a father-but he was n't a murderer . 
 even if she just might drive him to it . 
 `` you listen , '' he said , and advanced on her . 
 `` i 'd never do something like that . 
 maybe you think i do n't know the difference between right and wrong , but i do . 
 what 's right is remembering miranda . 
 remembering that if i did something that heartless , she 'd be left alone . 
 i 'm all she has . 
 without me , she 'll end up in foster care . 
 how dare you ? '' 
 the woman held her ground and met his gaze steadily . 
 `` you might think you 're not capable now , but you will be . 
 you 'll be driven to murder , but i wo n't allow you to fall so far . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 her eyes were bright . 
 `` i promise you that . '' 
 those soft , liquid eyes sapped his fury . 
 damn it , he was a sucker for a pretty face ... and already halfway to forgiving her . 
 she was worse than miranda . 
 one look from his daughter and he 'd do anything to please her , from fixing a broken baby doll to attempting to solve the world 's economy . 
 anything miranda needed . 
 this woman looked at him like she needed him . 
 and , god or angels or whatever help him , like he needed her . 
 no . 
 he did n't need anyone else in his life . 
 not a woman , and especially not an angel . 
 he backed away from her . 
 `` it 's impossible . '' 
 he flung a hand out sharply . 
 `` i would n't - i could n't do something like that ! '' 
 tony turned his back on her and willed her to disappear . 
 willed her to get out of his life . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut and counted to ten . 
 when he opened them again , his neighbor , mrs. harrington , was just ducking out of her garage . 
 she waved . 
 `` tony ! '' 
 she called . 
 `` i was hoping to catch you before you left . '' 
 tony swore under his breath and turned back to the woman . 
 `` you have to go n - '' she was gone . 
 the truck was empty , save for boxes packed so tight she could n't possibly hide among them . 
 there was no one in the street save for mrs. harrington , her blue-washed head bobbing with every creaking step . 
 there was no sign that his so-called `` angel '' had ever been there . 
 no sign she 'd existed at all . 
 what the hell ? 
 what the hell had just happened ? 
 chapter two angel rule # 2 : never fall for your subject . 
 with a sigh , rebecca sagged against the wall of the corner convenience store down the street from tony 's house and , blowing her hair out of her face , kicked a rock . 
 in sandals . 
 not smart . 
 the rock bounced across the pavement , and rebecca crouched to rub her stinging toes with a frustrated hiss . 
 `` son of a b - '' she caught herself , clamped her mouth shut , and looked around , shoulders hunched . 
 no sign of sally . 
 that did n't mean she was n't listening . 
 rebecca groaned . 
 she was making a mess of everything , including her first meeting with tony . 
 she was supposed to offer him comfort and succor . 
 instead , she 'd just managed to piss him off . 
 so much for angel rule # 1 . 
 the truth had pushed tony away and made him defensive . 
 she should have lied . 
 so what if it was a sin , as long as it got the job done ? 
 it did n't help that tony was so damned stubborn . 
 were all assignments this bad , or was sally testing her right out of the gate ? 
 how was she supposed to reach the heart of a man who 'd walled himself off behind the scars his ex-wife had left behind ? 
 how was she supposed to teach him faith , if the only thing he still had faith in was miranda ? 
 rebecca thought through the memories she 'd seen in tony 's mind . 
 jane 's face , hard and cold , her smile cruel . 
 was she really like that , or was that how tony saw her ? 
 human memories were so subjective , a mixture of truth , imagination , and emotion . 
 his feelings warped every thought of jane-and filled his brilliant green eyes , which had distracted her so thoroughly . 
 tony was a test , all right , and she was starting to think senior angels pulled this crap on purpose just to screw with the naive trainees . 
 angel rule # 2 warned her never to fall for her subjects . 
 it had n't warned her that one of them would be distractingly handsome , with a body that roused some inappropriately devilish thoughts , and an adorable habit of running his fingers through his hair when frustrated . 
 and those eyes ... those eyes had seen right through her , prying out her every doubt and insecurity as surely as if he 'd read her mind . 
 he 'd been so lost . 
 so broken . 
 he did n't believe he was capable of anything drastic , but rebecca recognized the signs . 
 tony weis was a man on the edge . 
 she had to save him , one way or the other . 
 she would save him . 
 as long as she kept herself under control , and remembered her higher calling . 
 ... tony tucked miranda into her new bed , kissed her forehead , and turned out the light . 
 the harsh glow of the street lamps outside still made the cramped room too bright , bringing the details of the exposed brick walls into stark relief . 
 he 'd have to get curtains tomorrow . 
 the apartment was a dump , but he could at least manage a few creature comforts for miranda . 
 with a last smile for his sleeping daughter , tony slipped out into the hall . 
 moving boxes cluttered the narrow passage . 
 he squeezed through to the kitchen , unwrapped one of the barstools from its plastic padding , thunked it down , and thunked himself right down after it . 
 he needed that beer twice as badly now . 
 it was only eight , but it felt like midnight-and he still had to at least try to unpack more than his and miranda 's beds . 
 long damned day . 
 at least his so-called angel had n't made an appearance again . 
 good riddance . 
 he 'd already gotten rid of one crazy woman . 
 he did n't need a delusional freak following him around . 
 tony yawned and arched his aching back until he felt it pop . 
 coffee . 
 he might be able to get through another few hours with a bit of the double-strong brew , if he could figure out where the coffee pot was in the pile of boxes marked kitchen in messy magic marker . 
 he stood and trudged through the minefield of boxes in the living room . 
 another yawn stole over him . 
 with his eyes squeezed shut , he almost walked into the warm body in his path . 
 he brushed soft , heated skin and jerked back , eyes snapping open . 
 the angel stood in front of him , her bright red hair tumbling around her in a windswept tangle , three duffel bags at her feet . 
 goddammit , she 's not an angel ! 
 `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` how the hell did you find me ? '' 
 she just grinned . 
 `` hi , tony . 
 you look tired . '' 
 `` i-you-what ? '' 
 she picked up her bags and squeezed past him . 
 numb , he turned to stare at her . 
 she looked around , her shoulders shaking with restrained laughter . 
 `` this is a mess . 
 looks like i showed up just in time . '' 
 she dropped her bags and perched herself on one of the larger boxes like some kind of crazy little pixie , watching him with merry eyes . 
 uh . 
 tony blinked several times . 
 no , she was really still there . 
 looking at him . 
 laughing at him . 
 why that little - `` why the f ** k are you in my apartment ? 
 with bags ? '' 
 she shrugged one pretty shoulder . 
 `` i told you , my job 's not done . 
 i 'm - '' `` do n't say it . 
 do n't you dare . '' 
 tony raked his fingers through his hair and scowled . 
 `` who are you , really ? 
 tell me the truth . 
 someone must have put you up to this . 
 how else could you find me ? '' 
 she sighed , closed her eyes , and rubbed her fingers to her temples . 
 he could practically hear her counting to ten in her head . 
 `` i 'm trying to explain , '' she said , spacing every word slowly and evenly . 
 `` if you 'll shut up and let me . '' 
 she took several deep , measured breaths and opened her eyes again . 
 her serene little smile was back , her face the infuriating picture of composure . 
 `` i 'm an angel . 
 my name is rebecca chance . 
 my bags are here because i am , and i 'm not leaving until my mission 's complete . 
 i 'm here to save you , and in turn save miranda . '' 
 `` i told you - '' `` i know what you told me . 
 and i 'm telling you that i 've seen it . 
 divine foresight lets me see all kinds of things i wish i could n't . 
 like you killing a man . '' 
 something bitter darkened her eyes and turned her mouth down at the corners . 
 `` if i leave , it will happen . 
 but i 'm staying . 
 it wo n't happen . 
 so you may never believe it was even possible , but that does n't change that it 's my job to prevent it . 
 your belief is n't necessary for that . '' 
 a shiver ran down tony 's spine . 
 he sank to sit on one of the boxes . 
 his belief might not have been necessary , but hers was so absolute in this moment that she 'd almost convinced him . 
 almost made him believe she could be an angel . 
 almost . 
 damn it . 
 he did n't need her . 
 he was n't capable of murder . 
 he 'd been raised catholic , regardless of his current less-than-devout status . 
 he understood the concept of sin , and murder was a sin . 
 but even without his upbringing , he knew himself . 
 he 'd never kill anyone . 
 never hurt anyone . 
 the only person who 'd ever been able to make him lose it that badly was jane , and he 'd never let himself show his temper around her . 
 never let himself even think about harming her , no matter how angry she made him . 
 if jane could n't push him to those extremes , there was no way a stranger could . 
 `` that 's what you think now , '' rebecca said softly . 
 `` but you do n't understand the circumstances . 
 you have n't seen what i 've seen . 
 you do need me , tony . 
 whether you want to or not . '' 
 he raised his head and looked at her . 
 she was doing it again . 
 answering his thoughts . 
 even if she was n't an angel , she was ... something . 
 something strange . 
 something abnormal . 
 and he cursed himself for thinking that when he caught the flicker of hurt in her eyes . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she whispered , but would n't meet his gaze . 
 `` it 's a lot to take in . 
 i know . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i just - '' he sighed . 
 `` why me ? 
 why now ? '' 
 `` i told you why you . 
 why now ? 
 because within the next few days , you 'll have to make a decision that will save or damn your soul . 
 timelines are a little unspecific with foresight , but we know it will be soon . '' 
 was he really buying this ? 
 maybe if anyone was crazy here , it was him . 
 he hesitated , then asked , `` can you really read my mind ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what am i thinking now ? '' 
 he closed his eyes and filled his mind with a memory of red roses-that particular shade of deep , velvety red that his mother had worked so long to cultivate . 
 dewdrops glistened on the petals , throwing back morning sunlight . 
 he remembered the scent of the garden : the soft musk of the roses , the damp coolness of freshly turned earth , the trace of his mother 's perfume and sweat . 
 to the day of her death , she was always in those roses , kneeling with a shovel in one hand and pruning shears in the other . 
 warmth seeped through him . 
 his mother was in heaven now , if it even existed . 
 `` it exists . '' 
 rebecca 's quiet voice coaxed him to open his eyes . 
 she watched him intently , her eyes unreadable . 
 `` and i imagine your mother 's heaven is filled with those roses . 
 they 're beautiful . 
 and they make you happy . 
 i thought miranda was the only thing that could . '' 
 `` it 's just a memory . '' 
 he stood and turned his back to her , staring sightlessly at the jumble of furniture tossed in one corner of the living room . 
 he could n't look at her , at that soft , sweet mouth or those eyes misted by compassion , or he really would start to believe her . 
 even worse , he 'd want to believe her . 
 `` so maybe you can read my mind , '' he said . 
 `` or maybe it 's a trick . 
 but if you 're an angel , how are you here ? 
 i did n't think angels were real . 
 are you dead ? 
 is it one of those things where you have to die before you can become one ? '' 
 `` it 's hard to explain . '' 
 listening to her was harder when he could n't see her . 
 now he strained for every inflection in her soft voice , carried by its music until he almost did n't catch the meaning . 
 `` i 'm as alive and human as you are . 
 i never died . 
 i was just ... chosen . 
 before my mentor came to me , my life was nothing . 
 just loneliness and a small , rat-infested apartment . '' 
 the hollow pain in each word made tony 's chest ache . 
 `` she offered me something more . 
 a chance to be something better , and to make a difference . 
 so i accepted . 
 sally trained me for this ... and now here i am . 
 for you . '' 
 for you . 
 the way she said it struck him to his core . 
 as if she was so utterly devoted to him . 
 to saving him . 
 to being what he needed . 
 no . 
 no . 
 jane had proven just how faithless women could be . 
 this one was no different , no matter her pretty words and her pretty voice . 
 no matter how much he wanted to tell her that she did n't have to become an angel to have a better life than the one she 'd left behind . 
 and would you give that life to her , tony ? 
 you do n't even know her . 
 this was taking a dangerous turn . 
 and he could n't let it . 
 he had to push her away . 
 get her out of his life , before she tried to make herself a fixture . 
 this ... this insane need to protect her , to ease the pain her past life had caused , would just get him into trouble . 
 he was n't normally the type . 
 he did n't like to be needed . 
 but then again , he 'd never met a woman who cared that sometimes ... sometimes tony needed comfort , too . 
 `` did she really hurt you that much , tony ? '' 
 rebecca asked . 
 `` that you think everyone is just like her ? '' 
 `` stop . 
 just stop prying into my brain . 
 if you 're reading my thoughts , you know i want you out of here . '' 
 he turned back to her and eyed her , curling his upper lip . 
 `` besides , if you 're an angel , where are your damned wings ? 
 or did you forget to pick those up at the thrift store ? '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` i-i do n't have my wings yet . 
 if i succeed in saving you , i 'll earn them . '' 
 tony snorted . 
 `` you look like you 'd fall over under their weight . '' 
 he pictured her with an arching wingspan of shining white feathers-until his imagination ran away with him and replaced a chaste white robe with a black bra and matching lace panties , and that demure posture with a swaying runway strut as she twirled and posed for the cameras . 
 `` wrong kind of angel , '' she said flatly . 
 `` i do n't even shop at victoria 's secret . 
 are you quite done ? '' 
 tony 's face burned . 
 `` yeah . 
 sorry . '' 
 her color was high , her eyes fierce . 
 `` first a stripper , now this ? 
 do you think about anything else ? '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 and he tried . 
 very hard . 
 he thought of rose petals again , but only pictured her slender fingers stroking over them . 
 damn it , he needed his coffee . 
 thick black colombian , bitter and dark , with just enough sugar and creamer to take the edge off and a good , hard shot of caffeine to the brain - `` that 's better . '' 
 rebecca gave him a measuring look , then pressed her lips together . 
 `` real wings are invisible until they catch the sunlight . 
 almost like a dragonfly 's wings , or dewdrops on your roses . 
 mortals ca n't see them , or touch them . '' 
 she raised a hand to her throat , and fingered the simple gold cross resting there . 
 her eyes turned pensive . 
 `` i 've been told they 're made of the light of god 's grace ... and once you have them , you ca n't live without them . 
 to lose them is worse than to lose your life . '' 
 `` how could you lose them ? '' 
 `` by committing a sin . 
 engaging in faithless acts . '' 
 her eyes darted to him , then away . 
 `` giving in to temptation . '' 
 temptation ? 
 tony studied her . 
 she was still blushing , and her fingers tightened on the cross . 
 `` does that count for rookies who have n't earned their wings yet ? '' 
 `` especially for rookies . 
 screw this up , and i wo n't get my wings . '' 
 her voice hardened . 
 `` but i wo n't screw up . '' 
 `` especially since there 's nothing for you to screw up . 
 since this is all just a misunderstanding . 
 i wo n't kill anyone , you 'll get your wings , and you 'll get the hell out of my life . '' 
 tony edged around the boxes and toward the kitchen . 
 rebecca shot to her feet and made it two steps after him before she tripped on a skein of packing wrap and tumbled . 
 tony dove to catch her . 
 she was light and delicate in his arms , fragile . 
 soft . 
 warm . 
 her skin was smooth under his hands , enticing , and his palms ached where they touched . 
 so this was what she meant by temptation . 
 she stared at him , her blue eyes large and confused , her lips parted . 
 tony straightened and quickly set her on her feet . 
 on her feet , and away from him . 
 damn it . 
 he was breathing too hard , and more than his face felt hot . 
 what the hell was this freak woman doing to him ? 
 `` stop calling me a freak , '' she said . 
 her voice trembled . 
 her fists clenched . 
 `` and abnormal . 
 and strange . 
 if you think i 'll leave if you hurt me enough , you 're wrong . 
 i 'm good at what i do . 
 and i 'll prove it to you . '' 
 she pushed away from him and stalked to her bags . 
 he stared after her , helpless . 
 `` rebecca , '' he tried . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt you . 
 it 's not my fault you hear thoughts you are n't supposed - '' `` so stop thinking so loud . '' 
 she took a ragged breath . 
 `` it does n't make it less cruel just because you did n't say it out loud . 
 even if i could n't hear your thoughts , you 'd still be a jerk for thinking them . '' 
 damn it . 
 he should not be feeling guilty for this . 
 she 'd barged into his life . 
 he 'd never asked her to be here . 
 `` then leave . 
 if i 'm such a jerk , i 'm not worth saving . 
 i think i 've proved that . 
 so go waste your time on someone who deserves it more . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said no . '' 
 her back was stiff , her voice firm . 
 tony growled . 
 what the hell could he do to convince her , short of picking her up and dumping her bodily on the front step ? 
 you could give in to temptation . 
 and she was tempting . 
 even now , with her back turned to him . 
 her graceful curves drew his eyes over her body . 
 her red hair made him want to fist a handful of it and tilt her head back to claim her stubborn little mouth . 
 her - `` stop that , '' she whispered . 
 tony stilled . 
 so she 'd heard that , too . 
 good . 
 he drew closer . 
 close enough that he could smell her , soft and feminine . 
 the top of her head barely came to his chin . 
 he skimmed a fingertip over her shoulder , and she trembled . 
 `` so it 's not so easy for the rookie to resist temptation , '' he murmured . 
 he nuzzled her hair and breathed her in . 
 `` maybe i should prove to you that you 're no angel ... and neither am i. '' she held so perfectly stock-still . 
 almost as if she was afraid of him . 
 `` i know what you 're doing . '' 
 her voice broke . 
 `` it wo n't work . 
 i can see your soul . 
 i know you are n't as dark and terrible as you think you are . '' 
 `` and i know you are n't as pious as you 're trying to be , rebecca . '' 
 he curled his finger in the strap of her tank top . 
 `` if you think i 'll jump into bed with you like all your other easy conquests , you 're wrong . 
 you are n't so irresistible . '' 
 `` what makes you think i think i 'm irresistible ? '' 
 she turned her head . 
 one blue eye pierced him . 
 `` do i need to answer that ? '' 
 tony chuckled . 
 `` i did n't know you 'd dug that deeply . 
 did you see anything you like there , little angel ? '' 
 `` i saw a man desperate to hide from his hurt feelings , and using casual sex to do it . 
 hoping if he takes love out of the equation , he can reduce his relationships to unfeeling animal sex . 
 i guess if you objectify us enough , we 're all jane , are n't we ? '' 
 the air practically chilled around her . 
 she drew away from him , out of his reach , and turned to face him . 
 determination tightened her jaw ; anger lit her glare . 
 anger and something else . 
 something darker , smokier . 
 something he very much wanted to explore . 
 `` get this through your head , tony weis . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . 
 not until i know your soul from the inside out , and know you 've truly been saved . '' 
 `` that could take a long time , rebecca . '' 
 and he was still so very tempted . 
 so very tempted to make every minute of it a living hell . 
 rebecca lifted her chin . 
 `` if that 's what it takes . '' 
 she whirled and pushed past a stack of boxes-and scraped her shin on the coffee table . 
 swearing viciously , she plopped down on her butt on the floor and clutched her calf . 
 tony could n't help himself . 
 he burst into laughter . 
 were angels even allowed to curse ? 
 ... rebecca spat out every curse word she could think of , then made up a few more . 
 stupid table . 
 stupid giant , throbbing bruise on her calf . 
 stupid tony , for being such an arrogant ass . 
 at least the pain had distracted her . 
 she 'd almost made a huge mistake . 
 and she could still feel the roughness of his fingers , tingling over her skin . 
 `` you can stop laughing , '' she muttered . 
 `` it 's not that funny . '' 
 `` you did n't see it from my perspective . '' 
 chuckling , tony offered his hand . 
 rebecca ignored it and hauled herself to her feet on her own . 
 `` i did , actually . 
 it still was n't that funny . '' 
 she limped away from him , muttering to herself . 
 coffee . 
 he 'd wanted coffee . 
 like hell she 'd make it just to please him , but it was something to do to keep her thoughts on track and make herself useful . 
 rebecca dared a peek into his mind once more , just long enough to pluck out the subconscious memory of which box had the coffee pot . 
 sometimes telepathy was damned inconvenient , but it did have its little perks . 
 she found the box , slit the tape with her fingernail , and pulled it open . 
 under a jumble of baby sippy-cups was a battered coffeemate and a tin of grounds . 
 she escaped into the kitchen with both , away from the heated green eyes that followed her every move . 
 telepathy was more than inconvenient . 
 it was embarrassing , especially with a man like tony . 
 men in general . 
 all they ever thought about was women and sex . 
 and kissing . 
 kissing with those large , long hands tangled in her hair . 
 damn it , rebecca . 
 she felt too hot . 
 her hands were shaky on the coffeepot , and she had to try twice to fit the plug into the socket . 
 this was bad . 
 this was more than bad . 
 and if it continued , this would be a long few days . 
 she sensed more than heard him follow her into the kitchen . 
 in his mind 's eye , he studied her ass and pondered how it would feel cupped in his hands . 
 sweet jesus . 
 at least he was making an effort to suppress it . 
 she caught the edges of a few choice curses , then a forcible shift of focus to the coffee . 
 good . 
 coffee was safe . 
 coffee did n't make her knees tremble , or her stomach flutter . 
 tony sighed and leaned against the counter with a loud yawn . 
 `` thanks , rebecca . '' 
 the way he said her name nearly broke her . 
 the same way he 'd said it when he 'd traced her shoulder with his warm touch , his smooth voice shivering down her spine like a lover 's caress . 
 no one had ever said her name that way . 
 she should n't want him to . 
 she was an angel . 
 she did n't need such things . 
 she swallowed down hard on the uprising of heat and tried to keep her voice steady . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 `` i still did n't say you could stay . '' 
 `` i still do n't see you stopping me . '' 
 he chuckled , ripped open a box on the counter , pulled out a mug , and stripped away the protective bubble wrap before reaching for a second cup . 
 he handled the ceramic gently . 
 his fingers were long and masculine , but he looked as if he knew exactly how to use them to make a woman tremble . 
 just as he 'd made her tremble . 
 she watched him move in hypnotized fascination . 
 `` rebecca ? 
 hello ? '' 
 he waved a hand in front of her face and leaned down until they were face to face . 
 she jumped and jerked back . 
 her cheeks warmed . 
 `` um . 
 what ? '' 
 his eyes glittered with amusement , and a smile pulled at his lips . 
 `` you in there ? '' 
 she scowled and made a rude nose . 
 `` what do you want now ? '' 
 he only grinned wider . 
 he covered it with his hand , but it was too late . 
 jerk . 
 it was entirely his fault she was fighting to get her temper under control . 
 he did n't get to laugh at her , too . 
 especially with how his smile made his eyes soften , so warm and inviting . 
 she imagined when he laughed , they could drown her with their intensity . 
 that just pissed her off even more . 
 `` you know , you really do n't act like an angel , '' he said , giving her a contemplative once-over . 
 `` and now that i think about it ... you do n't look like one , either . '' 
 `` that 's not what you thought when you first saw me . '' '' 
 ... damn it . '' 
 now it was rebecca 's turn to grin . 
 she finished scooping grounds into the coffeemate , turned it on , and turned to face tony fully . 
 `` so what should i look like , then ? '' 
 `` um . 
 blond ? 
 innocent ? 
 angelic ... ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` that 's the best you can come up with ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he drummed his fingers on the counter , studying her with a frown . 
 `` halo . 
 wings . 
 shiny . '' 
 `` eloquent . 
 i 'm sure i 'd look perfectly normal , walking down the streets of texas with a halo . 
 shimmering in the sunlight , too . 
 someone might try to stake me . '' 
 his brows furrowed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rebecca rolled her eyes . 
 `` i guess reading is n't high on the list of a caveman 's career skills . '' 
 he choked on a laugh . 
 `` i do n't think angels are supposed to have tempers or be funny , either . '' 
 `` we are n't . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i admit , i 'm a work in progress . 
 i have to bite my tongue a lot . 
 really , i suck at being a proper angel . '' 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 he poured himself a mug of coffee . 
 its thick chicory aroma filled the kitchen . 
 he moved the pot over her mug , then stopped . 
 `` are angels allowed to drink coffee ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to need it to deal with you . '' 
 he glanced at her as he poured . 
 `` i thought you said i was n't that bad . '' 
 `` considering where your mind went when i said ` bite my tongue ' ? '' 
 he chuckled and offered her the mug . 
 `` point taken . '' 
 `` jerk , '' she muttered and , coffee in hand , set herself to work . 
 anything was better than letting him tease her . 
 rebecca opened a nearby box and began stacking dinner plates and soup bowls on the counter . 
 `` where do you want these ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` anywhere . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i do n't really give a damn . '' 
 `` that 's your problem , '' she snapped , then made herself lower her voice . 
 `` you do n't give a damn . 
 only you do . 
 you just keep trying not to , and it 's tearing you apart . '' 
 he sighed and started on another box . 
 opening it revealed utensils bundled together with rubber bands . 
 `` not with the lectures again . '' 
 `` it 's why i 'm here . 
 i 'm good at unpacking boxes . 
 i 'm better at fixing things . 
 fixing you . '' 
 she took a sip of her coffee . 
 it scalded her tongue . 
 `` shit ! '' '' 
 ... might want to work on fixing that potty-mouth first , rebecca . '' 
 `` shut . 
 up . '' 
 tony chuckled again , but thank god he did n't say anything else . 
 they worked in silence for a time , falling into a rhythm and learning to maneuver around each other without dropping anything breakable . 
 tony 's thoughts , when she dared to look , lingered less on groping rebecca 's ass and more on worrying that the rattling dishes might wake miranda . 
 he seemed mostly dazed , and struggling to accept that this was really happening . 
 that he was calmly unpacking his kitchen with a strange woman who could read his mind , claimed to be an angel , and would n't get out of his apartment . 
 he lingered on the sunstroke excuse , and worried over who was taking care of miranda if this was just a fever-dream . 
 so he could think about something else . 
 they 'd managed to clean off the right side of the counter before tony stopped , giving her a thoughtful look . 
 `` i really do n't think you have to worry about me , rebecca . 
 i 'm serious . 
 i wo n't kill anyone . 
 you can move on to someone else and know you did your duty . '' 
 his rough voice was low , sincere . 
 `` search my thoughts . 
 it 's true . 
 i swear it . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 the way he watched her made her chest tighten . 
 tentative , she dipped into his mind . 
 there was nothing there but raw , painful honesty , and an almost desperate need for her to believe him . 
 believe that he was n't that kind of person . 
 believe that he was normal . 
 he was , she thought . 
 more normal than rebecca . 
 which did n't mean much , considering how messed up she was . 
 had been . 
 she was n't that rebecca anymore . 
 that part of her life was over . 
 and if she was going to do things right in her new life , she could n't leave until she was sure . 
 `` i 'm staying , '' she said . 
 `` i have n't even done anything to help you yet . 
 i 'll know when it 's time to leave . '' 
 he frowned . 
 she smiled . 
 with a disgruntled sound , he turned back to the last box he 'd opened . 
 `` you 're stubborn . '' 
 `` an angel has to be . '' 
 `` is n't ` thou shall not be muleheaded and annoying ' one of the ten commandments ? '' 
 rebecca laughed . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it 's not . '' 
 `` it should be . '' 
 shaking her head , rebecca opened another box . 
 tony 's thoughts flitted at the edges of her mind , mostly centered on plots to get her out of his apartment without touching her . 
 he thought if he touched her he 'd - `` damn it , tony , stop that ! '' 
 `` stop listening ! '' 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 she could hear him grinding his teeth from across the room . 
 `` try harder . '' 
 `` no , you try harder . 
 it 's your perverted brain . 
 get it under control . '' 
 she turned and glared at him . 
 `` look , it 'll never happen . 
 i 'm not giving up my wings just so you can get your rocks off . 
 i need to do this right . 
 i need-i need - '' she let out a frustrated sound . 
 how could she make him understand ? 
 `` i need ... to make a difference . 
 i need to be able to help people . 
 if i become an angel , i 'll be able to save lives . 
 make the world a better place . 
 people will actually need me . '' 
 the admission left a painful hole inside her . 
 it grew when tony only stared at her . 
 she could n't stand to see his thoughts . 
 he was probably thinking what a sad , pathetic little girl she was . 
 yet his voice was gentle when he said , `` has n't anyone ever needed you before ? '' 
 she thought of her old life . 
 of moving from a dreadful foster home to the first piss-poor apartment she could call her own . 
 of the men who hurt her , in one way or another . 
 robbie had liked to make her feel small and stupid . 
 derek had liked to pinch . 
 jason was the only one who 'd actually beaten her . 
 jason was the last before sally had saved her . 
 never again . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 she turned back to the box , and nearly dropped a soup tureen when his warmth appeared behind her . 
 his hands curled against her shoulders , firm and reassuring . 
 `` do n't you have any family ? '' 
 his voice was a deep rumble , almost in her ear . 
 `` my parents died in a plane crash when i was seventeen . 
 there 's no one else . '' 
 no one who would miss me . 
 was that the real reason sally had chosen her ? 
 tony 's grip tightened , almost kneading at her tense shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he said the words without any pity , just sincerity , and it affected her more than she 'd care to admit . 
 if he 'd shown even an ounce of pity , she 'd have pushed him away . 
 yet this was somehow worse . 
 the way he touched her , the way his body heat enveloped her in comfort . 
 she felt too exposed , and she could n't stand to face him . 
 `` rebecca . '' 
 he said her name that way again , and she closed her eyes . 
 `` what about your own life ? 
 do n't you want a job ? 
 a husband ? 
 children ? '' 
 `` please do n't ask me things like that . '' 
 `` why ? 
 is it so wrong for you to want something for yourself ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 her throat was closing . 
 `` it-it 's against the rules , and who would want me , anyway ? '' 
 she could taste her own bitterness in every word . 
 `` an orphan with self-esteem issues . 
 there 's a real catch . 
 i 'm a mess , tony . 
 it 's better if my life takes a different path . '' 
 he turned her to face him , his touch sure and coaxing . 
 his eyes found hers and held her , mesmerizing and tearing straight through her . 
 `` i think any man would be lucky to call himself yours . '' 
 longing burned inside rebecca , nearly consumed her . 
 she wet her lips and turned her face away , hiding from that penetrating emerald gaze . 
 `` do n't say things like that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 gripping her chin , he gently turned her back . 
 `` it 's the truth . 
 i thought angels valued that . 
 valued honesty . '' 
 `` we do . 
 but i 'm here for one reason and one reason alone : to save you . 
 when i leave , you 'll forget all about me . '' 
 `` just like everyone else ? '' 
 the simple words cut deep . 
 `` how many people have abandoned you ? '' 
 rebecca forced several deep breaths to quell the panic inside her . 
 this was n't how it was supposed to work . 
 she was supposed to see into him , to know him , to save him . 
 he was n't supposed to know her this way . 
 this deeply . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 yet he would n't let go . 
 his eyes searched hers , and his thumb caressed along the corner of her mouth . 
 `` you remind me of myself . 
 you get just close enough , and then pull away . 
 we 're alike , little angel . 
 two broken people trying to pretend we 're not . 
 maybe that 's why you were sent to me . '' 
 her eyes stung . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` so you believe me now ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 confusion left wrinkles in his brow . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 but i am sure that faith wo n't save us , rebecca . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 but if faith wo n't save you , then i guess i 'll have to do it myself . '' 
 rebecca could n't stand this anymore . 
 she pressed her hands to his chest and pushed . 
 `` now get off me . 
 i have boxes to unpack . '' 
 he let her go , and she ran from the room before he could see the tears burning her eyes . 
 chapter three angel rule # 3 : remain calm and gracious , even under pressure . 
 through a haze of sleep , rebecca felt something tickle her nose . 
 with a groan , she scrunched up her nose and turned her face away . 
 she heard a giggle , and the sound of little feet , before the tickle came again . 
 she did n't want to open her eyes , damn it . 
 she 'd probably find some horrible beast made entirely of eyeballs and hairy spider legs , poking her and giggling out of a fang-filled mouth . 
 the senior angels liked to f-screw with the trainees by sending nightmares to test their response in stressful situations . 
 sally had probably cooked up a whopper to punish her for last night . 
 this time it was n't a tickle . 
 it was a poke , and rebecca blinked , snorting herself awake . 
 the morning sun shone painfully through the uncovered windows , forcing her to squint . 
 that little giggle came again . 
 `` are you awake , lady ? '' 
 big brown eyes peered over the edge of the mattress . 
 a little hand reached up to poke her again . 
 rebecca sighed and rolled onto her back . 
 not a monster . 
 just a four-year-old girl . 
 with the killer headache clawing at rebecca 's temples , she 'd almost rather have the monster . 
 `` i 'm awake , '' she mumbled . 
 now . 
 `` are you a fairy ? 
 like tinkerbell ? '' '' 
 ... no . '' 
 `` you look like a garden fairy . '' 
 miranda pouted . 
 `` i thought you were a garden fairy . '' 
 `` sorry , sweetheart . '' 
 rebecca managed a tired smile . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 miranda sighed heavily , then eyed her . 
 `` can you cook ? '' 
 her voice dropped , and she shot a glance at the door . 
 `` are you allowed yet ? '' 
 rebecca chuckled . 
 `` i should hope so . '' 
 `` daddy wo n't let me touch the oven . '' 
 the little girl scrunched her nose and planted her hands on her hips , dropping her baby doll on the floor . 
 `` i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` i think i can help with that . '' 
 rebecca sat up with a wince . 
 after a night of unpacking and hauling hefty boxes , she was sore as hell . 
 `` is your baby hungry yet ? '' 
 `` it 's not real . 
 of course it is n't , '' miranda said primly , and shook her head with an exasperated sigh before retrieving her doll . 
 she turned a brilliant smile up at rebecca . 
 `` but she likes you . '' 
 `` oh . 
 um . 
 i like her too ? '' 
 in hindsight , maybe it was a good thing she 'd never have kids . 
 they were adorable , but she just did n't get how their tiny little monkey brains worked . 
 or why they asked so many questions at stupidly early hours of the morning . 
 like : `` why are you in daddy 's bed ? 
 where is he ? 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 `` uh . '' 
 rebecca blinked . 
 she knew the answer to one of those questions , and it was n't the one she most desperately wanted to know . 
 she had no idea how she 'd ended up in tony 's bed . 
 the last thing she remembered was sitting down on the couch to rest her legs , and wishing tony would go to bed so she could curl up and have a good cry . 
 she must have fallen asleep , and he must have put her to bed . 
 they 'd barely spoken a word to each other after she 'd stormed away , and she had n't wanted to break the tense silence . 
 especially not to come begging at his feet for a pillow and blanket so she could bed down on the couch for the night . 
 had he taken the couch instead , and let her have the bed ? 
 rebecca sighed . 
 and he really expected her to believe that `` dark and dangerous '' act ? 
 idiot . 
 she returned her attention to miranda , who watched her with grave , curious eyes . 
 rebecca caught one pudgy little hand in her own and squeezed it . 
 the girl 's fingers were so tiny in hers , and as they curled trustingly against rebecca 's palm , a warm feeling crept over her . 
 she tried to push it away . 
 she was n't part of this little girl 's life . 
 `` i 'm rebecca . 
 i 'm not sure where your daddy is , but i 'm here to help him unpack . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay . '' 
 miranda blinked , then shrugged . 
 `` food ? '' 
 rebecca smiled . 
 only a four-year-old could accept that so easily . 
 `` sure . 
 food . '' 
 she let miranda lead her from the bedroom into the living room . 
 tony sprawled on the couch with one arm flung over his eyes . 
 he 'd stripped out of his shirt , and his chest rose and fell with each soft breath ; the hard-sculpted lines of his abdomen tightened . 
 her fingers itched to touch his bare skin . 
 her mouth ached to kiss away the horrible things they 'd said to each other last night . 
 she clenched her hands into fists and bit down hard on her bottom lip . 
 at this rate , she 'd never become an angel . 
 his head was propped on the armrest at an uncomfortable angle , without even a pillow to support him . 
 no blanket , either . 
 guilt flushed through her . 
 he 'd given up his bed and his comfort for her-and he looked so tired . 
 she could n't stand to wake him . 
 miranda had no such reservations . 
 she tugged rebecca toward tony . 
 rebecca tried to pull free , but miranda had an astoundingly solid grip and did n't stop pulling until they both stood over tony . 
 `` daddy , '' miranda said , and poked his nose . 
 he grunted . 
 rebecca tried to wiggle free again , but miranda would n't have it . 
 she was n't a little girl . 
 she was a cyborg with fingers of steel . 
 `` daddy ? 
 daddy , wake up ! '' 
 tony groaned and cracked his eyes open . 
 his gaze fell first on his daughter 's face , then traveled to the little hand clasped in rebecca 's . 
 he followed that hand slowly up the length of rebecca 's arm , over her body , until her face heated . 
 she finally broke free with another tug , and shoved both hands into the pockets of her jeans before miranda could stake her claim again . 
 looking away from the family , rebecca retreated to a safe distance . 
 `` good morning , sunshine , '' tony said softly , and lifted miranda into his lap for a hug . 
 yet rebecca could feel his eyes on her , and her stomach flipped . 
 snap out of it , rebecca . 
 she straightened her spine and turned her sternest frown on him . 
 that did n't stop him from projecting a very clear thought , with enough force that she was fairly certain he was doing it deliberately . 
 jerk . 
 he pictured rebecca , sitting on the couch with them . 
 close . 
 one of them . 
 part of their tight little family unit . 
 rebecca closed her eyes and forced his thoughts away . 
 that could never happen . 
 `` daddy , i found a woman in your bed ! 
 but she 's not a fairy . '' 
 miranda sighed . 
 `` she looks like she should be a fairy . '' 
 `` or an angel , '' tony said , his voice odd . 
 he smiled at miranda . 
 `` pretty crazy , huh ? '' 
 miranda nodded and studied rebecca with solemn eyes . 
 `` can we keep her ? '' 
 both rebecca and tony choked off a laugh . 
 tony bent his head to his daughter 's ear and whispered , `` i think we have to return her to the store sooner or later . '' 
 he winked at rebecca . 
 she could n't help but smile in return . 
 tony 's love for his little girl rang so pure and true that rebecca wondered , honestly , if sally had made a mistake . 
 this man could n't kill anyone . 
 `` can we go out for breakfast , daddy ? '' 
 tony hesitated . 
 rebecca caught a flicker of concern , flitting thoughts about finances and whether he could afford to eat out when he had n't even made an appointment to talk to his old boss at the accounting firm yet . 
 rebecca came to the rescue . 
 she crouched next to miranda and tapped her nose . 
 `` i make the best scrambled eggs this side of heaven . 
 how about you help me cook , and we 'll bring some for daddy when we 're done ? '' 
 miranda smiled and bounced in tony 's lap . 
 he winced , but held his smile bravely even as he gingerly lifted her off him . 
 `` go on , sweetie , '' he said , voice tight . 
 miranda squealed . 
 `` yay ! '' 
 suddenly she had rebecca 's hand again , and that iron grip was n't letting go . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 rebecca and tony exchanged patient looks that felt far too familiar . 
 tony smiled , easy and warm . 
 rebecca dropped her eyes and let miranda lead her away . 
 ... tony bit into his eggs and closed his eyes with a sigh , nearly melting . 
 jesus christ , she had n't been lying . 
 he would n't be surprised if these were the best eggs this side of heaven , hell , or anywhere in between . 
 rebecca arched a brow and took a dainty bite of her toast . 
 the corners of her mouth twitched . 
 he did n't know why she would n't just let herself smile . 
 tony made himself look away from her , and tore into his eggs . 
 only when he had devoured every last crumb did he look up . 
 now she was smiling . 
 almost laughing . 
 at him . 
 he flushed hotly . 
 `` good eggs , '' he muttered . 
 rebecca did n't say a word . 
 her eyes said it all , glimmering with repressed mirth . 
 `` i made it , '' miranda chirped , puffing her chest out proudly . 
 `` well , you 're a really good cook , baby girl . '' 
 tony ruffled his daughter 's hair and kissed her forehead . 
 the scents of watermelon shampoo and baby wash wafted up to him . 
 the best smells in the world . 
 one whiff was all it took to calm him , even on the worst day , but miranda always had that effect on him . 
 his little miracle . 
 `` miranda , honey , go wash your hands , '' he said . 
 `` and put on nick jr. . 
 i 'm pretty sure diego is on . '' 
 miranda burbled a happy little sound and flitted off to the living room with a playful twirl . 
 how long had it been since his daughter looked so happy ? 
 how long since she 'd danced about with such exuberance ? 
 could it be because of rebecca ? 
 he shifted his gaze to the woman , and watched her lithe movements as she stood and gathered their plates . 
 he folded his hands on the table . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` well what ? '' 
 `` what now ? '' 
 `` why are you asking me ? '' 
 tony eyed her . 
 `` because you 're the angel expert . 
 you 're here to save me , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` and you 're eager to get it over with and go ? '' 
 `` i did n't plan on staying forever , if that 's what you 're asking . '' 
 she snorted and dumped the dirty dishes in the sink . 
 tony propped his chin in his hand and lingered on the pink tinge in her cheeks . 
 she really was pretty when she was trying not to get irritated with him . 
 `` so what do we do now ? 
 let 's do this . 
 that way you can go . 
 that 's what you want , right ? '' 
 rebecca hesitated . 
 her lips pursed . 
 she looked so vulnerable that way , and so soft . 
 he wondered if her mouth would be as soft . 
 if she would tremble as she had last night , when he 'd nuzzled into her hair . 
 she darted an accusatory look at him , blushing . 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 he gritted his teeth and ran his hand through his hair . 
 he could n't help it , damn it . 
 it was his head . 
 his private thoughts . 
 emphasis on private . 
 if he offended her so terribly , if he was so damned repugnant , she ought to stay the hell out of his head . 
 `` if i could turn it off , i would . '' 
 rebecca knotted her fingers together nervously . 
 `` i do n't want to intrude . 
 i really do n't . 
 it 's not that you 're repugnant . 
 i just ca n't shut it off . 
 even when i try to block it , it never completely stops . 
 it 's like turning the volume down on the radio , but never really being able to turn it off . '' 
 tony just looked at her . 
 at that lovely blush , and her plush mouth . 
 if she-this luscious but untouchable thing-could torment him by barging into his life , he could torment her right back . 
 he envisioned himself pulling her into his arms and sweeping her off her feet . 
 he could almost feel the heat of her breaths when , in his imagination , he dipped his head until his lips hovered a mere inch from hers . 
 would he kiss her ? 
 or would he let her go ? 
 the imaginary rebecca let out a soft moan of yearning . 
 the real rebecca stared at him , her eyes clouded and dark , her lips parted , her breaths shallow , a mixture of terror and longing painting her face . 
 god , she was so fragile . 
 if he was n't careful , he 'd hurt her . 
 or , more likely , she 'd hurt him . 
 she knew what she wanted out of life . 
 he was the only one floundering around like a fool . 
 tony forced his attention sharply to last week 's cowboys game . 
 safe enough . 
 working his jaw , he waited until she jerked and , swearing under her breath , turned away from him to snatch up a dish rag . 
 `` i ca n't help it , '' tony said . 
 `` do n't curse me because you tempt me . '' 
 `` you 're a son of a bitch . '' 
 that stung . 
 he smiled , but his mouth felt like frozen plastic . 
 `` as i 've been trying to show you all along . '' 
 `` you can keep trying . 
 it wo n't work . '' 
 he raised a brow . 
 `` is that an invitation ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 rebecca flung the dishrag down and whirled to glare at him . 
 `` look , i know i 'm not perfect . 
 i 'm not an angel yet . 
 but i 'm trying . 
 you do n't have to keep making it harder than it has to be ! 
 i want to help you , damn it . 
 why does that bother you so much ? '' 
 she was breathing hard , and her bed-tousled hair framed her like the fire of her anger . 
 tony lingered on a single lock that curled against her cheek , its tip tickling the corner of her lovely mouth . 
 his gaze rose to her eyes , stormy blue and alive with fury . 
 `` you 're beautiful when you 're angry , '' he murmured . 
 she turned and walked out . 
 tony smiled to himself . 
 this was turning out to be more fun than he 'd imagined possible . 
 he just might like having an angel around . 
 no , he liked having rebecca around . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd laughed so freely . 
 maybe he 'd been a bit of a drag lately . 
 no wonder miranda always looked so serious . 
 tony rose and followed rebecca into the living room . 
 she 'd flung herself down on the couch , and stared sulkily at the tv . 
 miranda was on the floor with her nose practically pressed into the screen , while bright lights and music tumbled across the display . 
 `` miranda , back away from the tv . 
 you 'll hurt your eyes , '' tony said . 
 `` daddy . '' 
 she sighed , rolling her eyes . 
 `` do n't be silly . '' 
 but she scooted back a few feet and sprawled out on her belly , next to rebecca 's feet . 
 rebecca pulled her legs away and tucked them up onto the couch . 
 tony leaned against the doorframe . 
 `` rebecca , '' he said . 
 she would n't look at him , would n't even acknowledge him , but he caught the tightening of her jaw . 
 `` you did n't answer me . 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 she shot him a sidelong look . 
 `` you can start by going out to find a job . 
 that was your plan , was n't it ? 
 to try to get your old job back . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 not that he wanted to be an accountant again . 
 and he definitely did n't want to go crawling back to his old boss to beg favors , especially if it meant working the kind of brutal hours he had before . 
 even the schedule in plumbing had n't been so bad , and had n't taken him away from his family so often . '' 
 ... if i show up there , will i even get the job ? '' 
 `` i 'm an ang - '' rebecca threw a furtive glance at miranda . 
 `` i 'm not a fortune teller . '' 
 tony sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 hey , can you watch miranda ? '' 
 rebecca finally looked at him , her eyes suspicious . 
 `` you trust me to do that ? '' 
 `` if you are who you say you are , you 're the best person for the job . '' 
 tony crossed the room and leaned down to ruffle miranda 's hair . 
 `` rebecca 's going to stay with you while daddy goes out , sweetheart . '' 
 `` okay , daddy , '' miranda mumbled without even looking away from the screen . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` be good . 
 i 'm going to shower . '' 
 and dig up a suit in the mess of boxes in his room . 
 if he could find his lucky tie and lucky boxers , even better . 
 he frowned and moved down the hall , trying to remember if his dress shoes had ended up in a moving box or in a dumpster . 
 he was almost out of earshot when rebecca 's voice trailed after him . 
 `` you put them in the box with your tie clips and replacement razors . 
 almost all the way on the bottom , '' she muttered grudgingly . 
 `` and stop thinking that about the shower . 
 no one wants to see that . '' 
 tony fought back a smile and kept his mouth shut . 
 he had n't been picturing anything about the shower . 
 she 'd done that all on her own . 
 ... rebecca smiled at miranda and bent over the girl 's little toes . 
 her toenails were a blinding red that contrasted painfully against miranda 's baby-pink fingernails . 
 it was makeover day in the weis household-miranda 's very first . 
 they 'd spent the morning picking out their prettiest clothes , and just the right shade of lipstick . 
 rebecca 's toes and fingernails were bright , sloppy pink , courtesy of miranda . 
 she had more polish on her cuticles than on the nails themselves , and there were a few red streaks on the arm of the living room couch . 
 she hoped tony did n't mind . 
 for rebecca , miranda 's happy face more than paid for the mess . 
 miranda 's smile was worth everything to rebecca-and that alone unsettled her . 
 the past few days she 'd spent with tony and miranda had made her doubt her choices in life . 
 it was too tempting to feel like a part of their family , when she was n't . 
 she was n't part of anyone 's family , and she was n't meant to be . 
 she did n't need things like a clean apartment , a cute kid , or working air-conditioning . 
 she did n't need a perfect life . 
 she 'd never known anything like this . 
 hers had been a life of regret and disappointment , and if she failed in her mission , she 'd end up right back in that gutter . 
 she 'd been alone for too long . 
 years . 
 years in a decrepit studio apartment that she could barely afford with her pay as a waitress at a small diner . 
 she 'd gone into a real downward spiral after her parents died . 
 depression . 
 apathy . 
 irrational behavior . 
 her grades had fallen , and her friends had left her , one by one . 
 eventually there 'd been no one left who cared . 
 not even her . 
 that was where sally had found her : counting meager tips and trying to fold bills with the two fingers jason had broken before he , just like all the others , had left . 
 she 'd been thinking she was done with love . 
 done with life . 
 she 'd had nothing but bad luck with either , and her despair was reaching a critical point . 
 she 'd been living a child 's dream , thinking life and love could ever be good . 
 then she 'd had to grow up . 
 tony 's idle thoughts had made it clear he was ashamed he 'd lost his home and his business , and had been forced to rent this apartment . 
 he 'd never know how lucky he was . 
 how , for rebecca , even this small apartment was like a palace . 
 the building was clean , dry , and well-maintained . 
 the rent was more than she 'd have made in three months , short of whoring herself for cash-and she had n't sunk that low yet . 
 not even after dropping out of school , and losing every hope she 'd ever had for a real life , a real career . 
 sally had pulled her out of a wasteland of leaking roofs , prostitutes , pimps , and drug addicts . 
 sally had given her something better . 
 rebecca might never have the happy family life others fell into so easily . 
 the life others took for granted . 
 the loving husband , the pregnant belly ... those would never be hers . 
 but as long as she did n't have to return to the filth , she was fine with that . 
 rebecca capped the nail polish and pressed the pad of her finger to miranda 's pink big toenail . 
 her fingertip came away dry . 
 she looked up into miranda 's adoring eyes , and suppressed a flinch . 
 not my girl . 
 not my family . 
 `` all dry , '' she said , and ruffled miranda 's curls with a smile . 
 miranda wiggled her feet and giggled . 
 `` pretty ! 
 like a fairy . '' 
 `` you 're very pretty . 
 just like tinkerring . '' 
 `` tinker-bell , '' miranda said , firmly and precisely . 
 `` not tinker-ring . '' 
 she pointed to her lips and pronounced it very slowly . 
 `` tinker-bell . 
 rebecca try ? '' 
 rebecca fought back a laugh , but could n't stop grinning . 
 `` tinkerbell . '' 
 `` good ! '' 
 the little girl beamed at her . 
 `` oh , darling . '' 
 rebecca gathered miranda into her arms and squeezed her tight . 
 miranda 's little arms wound around her neck , and the girl rested her chin to rebecca 's shoulder . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` hm ? '' 
 `` are you my mommy ? '' 
 rebecca drew back and stared at the girl , her heart shuddering painfully . 
 miranda searched her face with wide eyes . 
 this poor child had no idea who her real mother was ? 
 oh , god . 
 she did n't know . 
 she did n't know her mother had cast her aside like yesterday 's garbage . 
 tony had protected her from that much , and did his best to fill the voids in her sheltered life . 
 but miranda longed for a mother . 
 rebecca knew the feeling all too well . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` no , sweetie . 
 i 'm not your mommy . '' 
 she hugged miranda close and pressed her lips into her hair . 
 she was supposed to be keeping her distance , but she could feel miranda 's need . 
 her own need . 
 neither could be ignored . 
 `` i 'm just your daddy 's friend . '' 
 `` will you stay ? '' 
 tears blurred rebecca 's vision . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , honey . 
 i ca n't . 
 i 'm only here for a little while . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i like you . '' 
 miranda hid her face against rebecca 's chest . 
 her soft sniffle nearly broke rebecca 's heart . 
 `` even if you 're a broken fairy . '' 
 rebecca closed her eyes and prayed for strength . 
 there was no answer . 
 i 'm not a broken fairy . 
 i 'm a broken angel . 
 she had to try several times before she could speak , and when she managed , her voice broke . 
 `` i like you too , kiddo . '' 
 miranda curled her little fingers in a handful of rebecca 's hair . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 rebecca steeled herself . 
 please , god , let it not be another question that would rip her soul out and leave her bleeding . 
 it was too bad she could only hear her assigned subject 's thoughts . 
 a peek inside miranda 's head might help her brace herself . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` when will daddy be home ? '' 
 letting out the breath she 'd been holding , rebecca glanced at the clock . 
 eleven . 
 more than the clock , though , she could feel that sense of tony intruding on her thoughts , creeping in with a growing awareness . 
 `` right about ... '' as if by magic , a key clicked in the lock , and the door swung open . '' 
 ... now . '' 
 she grinned . 
 tony stepped into the room , devilishly handsome in his suit and tie . 
 `` hey , beautiful . '' 
 he threw his keys on the table , sank to one knee , and held open his arms . 
 `` daddy 's home ! '' 
 miranda cried , and flung herself from the couch straight into tony 's arms . 
 he fell back , holding her tight . 
 `` oof ! 
 careful there , girl . 
 you 're getting too strong for your old man . '' 
 miranda burst into peals of silvery laughter . 
 `` you 're so silly , daddy . 
 look at my pretty feet ! '' 
 she splayed her tiny toes for inspection . 
 he studied them with intent , somber focus and , gently clasping her foot , turned it from side to side . 
 `` beautiful , '' he said with a firm nod , then glanced at rebecca . 
 he quirked a brow . 
 `` i see rebecca got herself prettied up , too . '' 
 rebecca lowered her eyes , but she could n't escape his thoughts . 
 could n't escape the warm flush that went through him , and flowed through her like a current . 
 he loved this . 
 loved seeing her this way , covered in nail polish and completely disheveled , all because she 'd let his daughter make a complete mess of her . 
 do n't . 
 do n't make me want this . 
 do n't make me realize how much i 'm enjoying this . 
 `` i did it , '' miranda said with a prideful jut of her chin . 
 `` show daddy , becca ! '' 
 rebecca extended her hands for tony . 
 `` and she did a lovely job . '' 
 `` so she did . 
 in fact ... '' tony tickled miranda , making her squeal . 
 `` how did you manage to make rebecca look even prettier ? 
 i did n't think that was possible . '' 
 in his thoughts : when he first saw her by the truck , the sun shining on her hair . 
 then in the kitchen , alight with the fury of her temper . 
 silently , rebecca begged him to stop ; it was painfully uncomfortable to see herself as someone else did , though she supposed she 'd have to get used to it . 
 telepathy came with the divine mandate . 
 but she was n't the woman tony saw . 
 and he should n't be thinking about her that way . 
 she glanced up at tony and found those vivid green eyes on her , melting through her . 
 as if he knew what she was thinking , and wanted so much to prove her wrong . 
 `` miranda did all the hard work , '' she deflected , and gathered her hair back from her face just to give herself something to do . 
 `` a painting is only as pretty as the artist . 
 so . 
 um . 
 how was the interview ? 
 are you officially employed ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 tony 's grin was tinged with regret . 
 `` and for more money than last time . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 rebecca laced her hands together in her lap and gave tony a stern look . 
 `` so you 'd agree your life is looking up , hm ? '' 
 `` another lecture already ? '' 
 `` were you expecting a congratulatory kiss ? '' 
 that grin turned roguish . 
 `` you said it , not me . '' 
 miranda watched them , her mouth set in a puzzled little moue . 
 `` daddy ? 
 if you kiss becca , will she stay ? '' 
 tense silence fell . 
 tony stared at miranda . 
 rebecca stared anywhere but . 
 `` baby , why would you ask that ? '' 
 tony said . 
 `` she 's leaving soon , '' miranda mumbled . 
 `` she said so . 
 i do n't want her to go . 
 i like her . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 tony sighed heavily . 
 `` she ca n't stay . 
 she has to work , and her job means she has to leave soon . '' 
 `` becca ? '' 
 the quaver in miranda 's voice forced rebecca to look back . 
 she wished she had n't . 
 those big , heartbroken eyes unraveled her . 
 she tried a smile , but it felt stiff . 
 `` yes , sweetie ? '' 
 `` do you really have to go ? '' 
 rebecca fumbled . 
 helpless , she met tony 's eyes over rebecca 's head , but he was no help . 
 he watched her , waiting , tension stark in the line of his jaw . 
 his thoughts were clouded , dark . 
 too dark for her to dare delve deeper . 
 she looked from tony to miranda , and felt herself crumbling inside . 
 she knotted her hands together until her nails bit into her knuckles . 
 this , too , was part of her test . 
 learning to love the people she helped , and having to let them go . 
 `` i really have to go , miranda , '' she said thickly . 
 `` but not yet . 
 not yet . '' 
 rebecca stood and practically fled for the kitchen . 
 lunch . 
 she was only going to make lunch ; miranda would be hungry soon . 
 that was all . 
 she was n't running . 
 she was n't running away before tony could see her cry . 
 she wiped at her blurry eyes and yanked the fridge open so hard the door banged against the cabinets , loud enough to drown out the noise of the tv turning on . 
 fingers clumsy , she tossed deli turkey and sliced cheese and bread onto the counter . 
 `` mayo , '' she muttered , glaring at the shelves inside the door . 
 `` where 's the fu-stupid mayonnaise ? '' 
 why could n't men ever leave things in their proper place ? 
 why did they have to keep making messes everywhere and shoving things where they did n't belong ? 
 `` so you 're one step closer to leaving us . '' 
 behind her , tony 's voice was clipped and cold . 
 `` one step closer to never seeing us again . 
 you must be ecstatic . '' 
 rebecca stiffened . 
 her fingers clenched tight against the edge of the refrigerator door . 
 `` i 'm happy to be earning my wings , '' she said , forcing each word out carefully . 
 every one choked her . 
 `` am i supposed to be happy that i 'm leaving you ? 
 leaving miranda ? '' 
 `` you were so emphatic about it . '' 
 `` it 's my job . 
 anything else would be inappropriate . '' 
 `` inappropriate . '' 
 his low laugh was bitter , ugly . 
 `` and angels ca n't do anything inappropriate . '' 
 inhale . 
 exhale . 
 keep control . 
 rebecca closed the fridge , squared her shoulders , and turned to face tony . 
 she 'd been expecting the hard mask of anger on his face . 
 she had n't been expecting the pain in his eyes . 
 `` what do you want from me , tony ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you do n't even know me . 
 but i see the thoughts you have . 
 they 're - they 're not right . '' 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? '' 
 he stalked closer , his eyes blazing . 
 `` you think i 'm not confused ? 
 you just thrust your way into my life , and you changed everything . 
 everything . 
 miranda 's so happy now , just because you 're here . 
 and now you 're going to leave her . '' 
 he could n't have hurt her more if he 'd struck her . 
 `` that 's what i 'm supposed to do . 
 i 'm like a contractor . 
 i do the job and when it 's fixed , i leave . '' 
 `` even if it means crushing a little girl 's heart ? '' 
 she searched his eyes . 
 what she saw there frightened her . 
 she wanted to retreat , to run away , but the refrigerator was at her back and he was so close , looming over her . 
 `` this is n't about miranda at all , '' she whispered , mouth dry . 
 `` it 's about you . '' 
 his fingers curled against her chin . 
 his skin grazed against hers with electric friction . 
 he tipped her chin up . 
 `` maybe it is . 
 you make me happy , rebecca . 
 i have n't been happy in a long time . 
 when you 're in the room , i forget to be angry and i just ... laugh . 
 that means more to me than years of history or awkward dates to get to know each other . 
 seeing my little girl happy , too ? 
 means more than even that . '' 
 his mouth creased . 
 `` but that 's inappropriate , is n't it ? '' 
 her heart slammed rapidly in her chest . 
 she thought it might burst through her ribs and tumble into his hands . 
 he already had a tight grip on it , when she knew it was wrong . 
 why did he have to say these things ? 
 why did he have to tempt her ? 
 and why was it so wrong for her to need this ? 
 rebecca pulled free from his grip and turned her face away , trying to calm her erratic breaths . 
 `` you 're confused . 
 that 's all it is . 
 i 'm supposed to help you find the path to happiness . 
 you 're confusing that with romantic feelings . 
 i guess this happens to angels a lot . '' 
 `` you 're not an angel yet . '' 
 he leaned down , bowing over her . 
 his lips caressed the air just a breath away from hers . 
 each exhalation curled over her cheeks , teasing and sensitizing her skin until her knees weakened and her shallow breaths quickened . 
 `` how much would you hate me if i kissed you right now ? '' 
 `` a lot , '' she whispered . 
 `` not nearly enough . '' 
 his fingertip stroked down her cheek , leaving a sizzling trail in its wake . 
 `` you are n't making any sense . 
 does that mean you do want me to kiss you , or you do n't ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 no . 
 what ? 
 i - '' she jerked back and flattened herself against the fridge . 
 closing her eyes , she tried to gather her scattered thoughts . 
 `` do n't touch me . 
 it 's not a good idea . '' 
 he sighed . 
 she felt his warmth retreat , but it did n't cool the heat in her body . 
 the brushed-steel refrigerator was like ice against her back , and she shivered . 
 at least he was n't touching her anymore-but the growling rumble in his voice was n't much better . 
 in the darkness of her closed eyes she felt his voice like a physical touch , making a shivering heat curl in her belly . 
 `` i want you . 
 i do n't know why , but i do . 
 and for an aspiring angel , you make it really hard for me to be good . '' 
 `` i 'm not doing it on purpose . '' 
 `` but you are doing it , '' he accused . 
 `` would you rather i have your case reassigned to someone uglier ? '' 
 she bit off . 
 `` maybe someone a little more geriatric ? '' 
 `` it might make my life a hell of a lot easier . '' 
 rebecca opened her eyes and glared at him . 
 `` it must be torture for you , wanting something you ca n't touch . '' 
 he tensed . 
 the hard line of his shoulders turned to iron . 
 `` is that what you think this is ? '' 
 she pressed her lips together . 
 `` what else could it be , after only a few days ? '' 
 `` you - '' he swore and just stared at her . 
 `` for someone who 's supposed to be able to read my mind ... you do n't get a damned thing about me , rebecca . '' 
 just like all the others , she caught , flitting at the edge of his thoughts . 
 before she could say a word , he turned and walked out . 
 ... when rebecca emerged from the kitchen with a tray of sandwiches and lemonade , tony was nowhere to be found . 
 guilt warred with relief . 
 she 'd used the mundane act of making lunch to compose herself , but she could n't erase the lingering sensation of tony 's lips hovering so close to her own . 
 the ache in his eyes . 
 his need . 
 his longing . 
 her longing . 
 he made her doubt , far too much . 
 made her wonder what it would be like to have another shot at human life , with him . 
 with a decent guy , no matter how hard he tried to pretend otherwise . 
 she 'd almost let him kiss her-and she hated herself for stopping him . 
 so jesus was tempted by the devil for forty days and forty nights ... she snorted and set the tray down on the coffee table . 
 scripture ? 
 definitely not helping right now . 
 the clink of the tray against the table broke miranda 's absorption in the television . 
 she looked up with a sunny smile . 
 `` hi , becca . '' 
 `` hey , you . '' 
 rebecca handed over a sippy-cup of lemonade and a paper plate of little sandwich squares she 'd cut up just for miranda . 
 `` where 's your daddy ? '' 
 `` in the parking lot . '' 
 miranda 's eyes widened , and she dropped her voice to a whisper . 
 `` he said bad words . '' 
 she muffled her giggle with a mouthful of sandwich . 
 rebecca winced . 
 she sank down on the couch and took a morose bite of her own sandwich , but did n't really have any appetite . 
 the bread tasted like sawdust in her mouth . 
 she watched squat little characters that looked like cartoon gardening implements cavort across the screen . 
 their eyes were so blank , so happy . 
 things were so much easier for kids , in their simple little cartoon worlds . 
 miranda clambered up onto the couch next to rebecca and leaned against her arm . 
 `` i 'm bored . 
 can we do something ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 if it 's okay with your daddy . '' 
 `` you have to ask him . 
 he makes stinky faces when i ask for stuff when he 's in a bad word mood . '' 
 rebecca managed a faint smile and ruffled miranda 's hair . 
 `` sure , munchkin . 
 but eat your lunch first . '' 
 miranda nodded with a little squeak and tore into her sandwich squares . 
 rebecca could n't help but laugh , and wordlessly pressed the sippy-cup into the girl 's hand . 
 she would n't want her to choke herself . 
 the idea of facing tony again killed the last of rebecca 's appetite , and by the time miranda was finished she 'd barely eaten a few more bites of her sandwich . 
 she cleaned up the debris of miranda 's rampage , and wrapped her half-eaten sandwich and the untouched one she 'd made for tony . 
 after putting them away for later , she took miranda 's hand . 
 `` let 's go see if your daddy 's in a better mood . '' 
 tony was n't in a better mood . 
 she could see it in the violent tension in his motions as he hauled boxes out of the bed of his truck . 
 in the hard , unforgiving clench of his jaw . 
 in the narrow set of his eyes . 
 she stood near the truck 's front bumper and , swallowing hard , tightened her grip on miranda 's hand . 
 `` tony ? '' 
 he nearly threw a toolbox onto the asphalt . 
 the crashing rattle made rebecca flinch . 
 `` what . '' 
 `` um . 
 can i take miranda for a walk ? 
 she 's bored . '' 
 he turned on her , a snarl on his lips . 
 she caught the edge of his angry thoughts - - how dare you expect me to trust you with my child after you - - before he stopped , just staring at miranda 's sweet face . 
 some of the anger bled out of his stiff posture . 
 he sighed and ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 just do n't be gone long . 
 and watch the traffic . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 it took all of rebecca 's willpower not to break down and apologize . 
 miranda . 
 focus on miranda . 
 she forced a smile for the girl . 
 `` walk , then ? '' 
 miranda wriggled . 
 `` walk ! '' 
 `` okay ! '' 
 they rounded up miranda 's sandals , took the mandatory bathroom detour , and were on the sidewalk within five minutes . 
 the bright sun beat down on them . 
 rebecca shielded her eyes against the glare . 
 maybe they should have worn sunscreen . 
 she let miranda set the pace and direction . 
 the child practically used rebecca 's arm like a leash , dragging her from one look-see to another and bubbling over with a thousand questions . 
 miranda slowed outside a toy store ; the window was stacked high with bright purple balls . 
 `` look , becca ! 
 purple ! 
 purple is my faaavorite , '' miranda confided . 
 a jolt of recognition shot through rebecca . 
 she 'd been here before , as a child . 
 her parents had brought her here on every birthday and let her pick out one toy . 
 she 'd pouted and sulked , that one birthday they 'd skipped when they did n't have time to stop because they 'd miss their flight . 
 she 'd been so angry . 
 and then she 'd never seen them again . 
 her vision misted , and she looked down at miranda . 
 the girl pressed her hand to the glass and stared at the balls , her eyes shining . 
 rebecca checked her pocket ; she had a little cash , enough for a cab ride across the city if more angelic means failed her . 
 what the hell . 
 it could n't hurt to carry on the tradition , if it would make miranda happy . 
 with a smile , rebecca squeezed miranda 's hand and led her into the store . 
 nudging her to the window , she retrieved one of the balls and offered it to the girl . 
 `` did you want this ? '' 
 miranda nodded quickly . 
 her eyes widened , and her face brightened . 
 `` yes please ! 
 pretty please , becca ? '' 
 `` it 's all yours , kiddo . 
 come on . 
 let 's go pay . '' 
 the man behind the checkout counter had rosy cheeks and gray hair , and reminded her of santa claus even if his nametag read doug . 
 she 'd always thought santa claus must be an angel ; there was no other way he could manage christmas in one night . 
 not to mention the immortality . 
 she could n't help a smile , especially when he spoke . 
 his voice was as jolly as he looked . 
 `` afternoon , ladies . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` just this , please . '' 
 rebecca pried the ball out of miranda 's clutching fingers so doug could scan the bar code . 
 he leaned over the counter and made a great show of giving the ball back to miranda . 
 `` here you go , young miss . 
 ah-but wait just a moment . '' 
 he screwed his face up ever-so-thoughtfully and fished under the counter . 
 `` ah ! 
 here we go . '' 
 he produced a purple lollipop and offered it to miranda . 
 `` and it even matches your ball . '' 
 miranda , rebecca thought , had killer puppy eyes . 
 and she was using them on rebecca right now . 
 `` okay , munchkin . 
 but do n't tell your father . '' 
 `` i wo n't ! '' 
 doug chuckled and turned his kindly eyes to rebecca . 
 `` you have a beautiful daughter , ma'am . '' 
 rebecca 's heart twisted . 
 she 's not my daughter , she started to say , but then looked down at that trusting little face . 
 the words would n't come . 
 so she only smiled , paid the man , and escaped before she could break down again . 
 hand in hand , she and miranda strolled down the street , back toward the apartment building . 
 miranda was utterly absorbed in her ball , while rebecca lingered on her drifting thoughts . 
 at the crosswalk , miranda held her lollipop up with an adorable little scowl . 
 `` i ca n't open it . '' 
 `` let me . 
 cellophane can be a - '' `` get down ! '' 
 a man shouted . 
 rebecca jerked and looked up . 
 a police officer ran toward them , gun in hand and pointed right at them . 
 panic seized her , shrill and cold . 
 `` get down now ! '' 
 he repeated . 
 rebecca threw her body across miranda 's and flung them both to the ground . 
 gunshots rattled in rapid succession-so fast she could n't tell who shot first , the cop or the criminal . 
 pain ripped through her skull and darkness crashed down , dragging her under . 
 her last thought , as she faded , was that she 'd die before she ever got her wings . 
 just her luck . 
 chapter four angel rule # 4 : always seek out the best option for your charge . 
 tony held rebecca 's hand in silence , absently running his thumb over the plastic hospital bracelet encircling her wrist . 
 the only sound in the room was her steady breaths layered over the rhythmic beep of the heart monitor and the clock 's steady ticking toward three a.m. miranda had dozed off hours ago , in the unoccupied hospital bed behind him . 
 tony had n't moved from his seat since he arrived . 
 he 'd been trying for hours to block out the memories , but they kept replaying , tormenting him , mocking him . 
 he 'd followed rebecca and miranda . 
 he 'd meant to apologize , once he caught up with them . 
 he had n't meant to pressure rebecca so much , but the martyrdom shtick had set his temper off . 
 he 'd only wanted to get her to think about the possibility . 
 to give him a chance , maybe . 
 but that crushed look on her face when he 'd snarled at her told her he 'd pushed too far . 
 maybe if he could read minds like she could , he would n't keep making such an ass of himself . 
 he 'd caught sight of them just as they 'd entered the toy store . 
 his heart had filled to see miranda holding rebecca 's hand with such simple devotion . 
 did rebecca realize how much his daughter adored her ? 
 did she even have the slightest clue how much he cherished those little things-that rebecca would allow miranda to hold her so close , to `` help '' her with breakfast , to cover her in nail polish until she was the cutest mess tony had ever seen ? 
 he 'd talk to her when they came out , he 'd decided . 
 but by then , he 'd lost his chance . 
 tony had seen the cop moments before rebecca , had seen the officer try to fight through the crowd toward the insane idiot brandishing a gun and shouting about teletubbies taking over the world . 
 tony had tried to call out to rebecca , tried to reach his angel and his daughter , but the panicked crush of pedestrians had pushed him the other way . 
 and then he 'd been forced to watch as that lunatic pointed the gun and fired . 
 no hesitation . 
 no regret . 
 as if they did n't mean a thing in the world to anyone . 
 as if they did n't mean a thing in the world to tony . 
 rebecca had saved his little girl . 
 he squeezed her hand tighter , watched her pale face , and silently begged her to wake up . 
 he 'd been so relieved when he 'd seen them hit the ground , until he 'd realized rebecca was n't getting back up-and the blood pooling everywhere was hers . 
 his heart had stopped , and even now felt like it had never started again . 
 just a dull , heavy lump in his chest , petrified by pain and fear . 
 the emts had shoved him aside . 
 he never remembered dropping to his knees to cradle her , her blood all over him as he 'd pleaded with her to get up . 
 just a graze to her skull , the paramedics had said . 
 she 'd been lucky , but not lucky enough to miss the lamp post . 
 she 'd hit it hard . 
 too hard . 
 her fingers were so limp in his . 
 the lopsided bandage wrapped around her head made her look waifish and fragile . 
 she was almost as white as the gauze , and he had to watch her chest intently to be sure she was still breathing . 
 he could n't let her go . 
 she had no one else . 
 nowhere else to go . 
 the police had asked about motive , if the shooter might have been targeting rebecca , but tony had no answers . 
 he 'd lied and said she was his girlfriend so the hospital staff would let him stay . 
 he could n't just abandon her , and he did n't even know where to find this sally she 'd mentioned before . 
 compound skull fracture . 
 the doctor had been an older man , grizzled and gruff . 
 severe trauma to the temporal lobe . 
 she 's bruised up pretty bad , but she 'll live as long as there 's no cranial swelling . 
 `` you have to live , '' tony whispered . 
 `` you have to . 
 angels do n't die . 
 they ca n't . '' 
 rebecca moaned . 
 tony sat up straighter and strained toward the bed . 
 his heart gave a clumsy lurch and tried to restart . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 her eyelashes fluttered , and she licked her lips . 
 her eyes half opened , dull and hazed , and stared blankly at the ceiling . 
 `` rebecca , are you awake ? 
 it 's me . 
 it 's tony . '' 
 her eyes rolled toward him and sharpened . 
 she stared at him . 
 `` wh - '' she coughed . 
 her voice was brittle with an edge of fear . 
 her face paled further , and her eyes darted around the room . 
 `` who are you ? 
 where am i ? '' 
 tony frowned . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 she did n't remember him ? 
 oh . 
 oh , shit . 
 he rose , slammed the call button , and tried to wrestle his sudden terror into submission . 
 the entire time he never let go of rebecca 's hand , even when she stared at him blankly . 
 `` it 's okay , honey . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 the nurse arrived with impressive speed , a pert little sparrow of a thing with keen eyes and dipalo embroidered on the breast pocket of her scrubs . 
 she smiled , picked up rebecca 's chart from its slot at the foot of the bed , and moved to the bedside . 
 `` good , you 're awake . 
 my name is karen . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 rebecca hesitated and glanced at tony uncertainly . 
 he squeezed her hand . 
 she turned her nervous gaze to the nurse . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm okay , i guess , but ... '' karen gave her a shrewd look and checked the iv tubes . 
 `` do you know what day it is ? '' 
 silence , and another blank stare . 
 karen paused and frowned . 
 `` rebecca ? 
 do you know what day this is ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 no . 
 i ca n't remember . '' 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 rebecca opened her mouth , then shut it . 
 she looked from karen to tony , her eyes wide and gleaming with panic . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she whispered . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 her mouth trembled , her fingers tightened roughly on tony 's , and she bit her lip . 
 `` i ca n't remember anything . 
 or anyone . 
 but he called me rebecca . 
 is that my name ? 
 what am i doing here ? '' 
 tony looked at the nurse . 
 a sick feeling curdled in the pit of his stomach . 
 karen gave him a significant look , before smiling for rebecca . 
 `` i 'll be right back , honey . 
 i just need to check on something for you . '' 
 she walked out . 
 reluctantly , tony let go of rebecca 's hand . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 do n't be scared , okay ? '' 
 she nodded , but it still took tony a moment to pry himself away and follow karen from the room . 
 in the hall , he shut the door and turned to her . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 he clenched his fists . 
 `` why ca n't she remember me ? '' 
 `` you 'll need to calm down , sir . 
 getting upset is n't helping miss chance . '' 
 the nurse consulted the chart in her hand . 
 `` i 'm not qualified to make a full diagnosis , but she appears to be suffering from post-traumatic amnesia , likely retrograde . 
 let me find the attending physician . 
 looks like it 's ... '' she frowned at the chart . 
 `` dr. peterson , '' he filled in tightly . 
 `` correct , dr. peterson . 
 he 'll be able to give you a better idea of what to expect . '' 
 her clinical attitude was about as helpful as the sight of her back as she bustled down the hall . 
 damn it . 
 tony paced outside rebecca 's door . 
 had she really forgotten everything ? 
 her angelic calling ? 
 her mission to save him and miranda ? 
 how could he even hope to explain any of that to her without sounding crazy ? 
 she 'd run like her ass was on fire . 
 like he 'd tried to do when he first met her . 
 footsteps tore him from his thoughts . 
 he turned and glared at dr. peterson . 
 `` what took you so long ? 
 what the hell is wrong with rebecca ? '' 
 dr. peterson met his frustrated anger with steady calm . 
 `` according to the nurse , amnesia . 
 i 'll have to examine her to confirm the diagnosis . '' 
 the man stepped closer and gently nudged tony away from the door . 
 `` step aside , son . 
 we 'll do our best to take good care of her . '' 
 grudgingly , tony moved , and followed close at the doctor 's heels . 
 he tried not to hover throughout the examination , but every time rebecca 's frightened eyes sought his , he had to fight to keep himself in place . 
 he could only smile . 
 smile for her , even if he felt like screaming . 
 after a few minutes of fussing and careful questions , dr. peterson patted rebecca 's shoulder . 
 `` let 's get you in for an emergency mri , so we can see what 's going on in your head . '' 
 after they wheeled rebecca out , tony lingered by miranda 's bedside , watching her sleep . 
 he wondered what the mri would say . 
 so many things could take his angel away from him . 
 subdural hematoma . 
 brain swelling . 
 coma . 
 he did n't even know all the possibilities , but he did n't like a single one . 
 the door opened to admit the doctor , rebecca , and a flurry of nurses . 
 tony rose to his feet and searched the doctor 's face , but his eyes gave away nothing . 
 once rebecca was settled , dr. peterson said , `` we 'll be right back , rebecca . 
 i just need to talk to tony for a moment . '' 
 `` i know what that means , '' rebecca rasped . 
 `` you 're talking about me . 
 about what 's wrong with me . '' 
 `` no , sweetheart . 
 we 're talking about how to help you . '' 
 tony could n't stop himself . 
 he leaned down and kissed her brow , below the bandage . 
 she looked like she needed it , and he found he could n't resist . 
 but i never wanted to be needed . 
 with rebecca 's haunted eyes following him , tony slipped out the door in the doctor 's wake . 
 `` retrograde amnesia , '' peterson said the moment the door closed . 
 `` she 's lost her memory of the past and her life up to the point of her injury , but she 'll be able to retain memories after that . 
 she 's capable of cognitive reasoning and of recognizing her environment and placing events and objects in context with each other . 
 she has n't forgotten how to use a fork . 
 she 's just forgotten who she is . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` and who you are . 
 because you 're here , she has enough frame of reference to know you 're somehow important to her , but does n't know why . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 numb , tony sagged against the wall . 
 `` is it permanent ? '' 
 `` likely not . 
 in cases of trauma-related amnesia , permanent memory loss is rare . 
 it generally only lasts a few hours . 
 a few days , at most . 
 rebecca should be fine . 
 her memory will return in stages-with the most recent recovering first , even if she may never recall the events leading to her injury . '' 
 tony sighed and dragged his fingers through his hair . 
 it was too much . 
 too much to process , too much to cope with . 
 `` how can i help her ? 
 we have n't known each other that long , but she does n't have anyone else . 
 no family at all . 
 i ca n't leave her . '' 
 dr. peterson frowned . 
 `` i 'd say take it slow . 
 if she feels she ca n't trust you , she might retreat into herself . 
 trust is key to recovering from this kind of trauma . 
 without family , you have to provide the trust and support she needs . '' 
 `` but i barely know anything about her . 
 how am i supposed to help her remember her life if i hardly know anything about it ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 forcing specifics on her wo n't help . 
 regaining your memory is n't like studying for a test . '' 
 dr. peterson snorted . 
 `` just be there for her . 
 try to jog her memory by showing her places and things that might remind her on her own . 
 her apartment . 
 where you had your first date . 
 her favorite food . 
 just do n't push too hard or she may shut down . 
 it 's healthiest for her to remember on her own , with gentle reminders . '' 
 tony nodded . 
 too bad he did n't know her favorite food . 
 they 'd never been on a date . 
 he did n't even know where she lived when she was n't being all...angel-y . 
 for all he knew , she floated about on a white cloud and slept on dewdrops and sunbeams . 
 he sighed . 
 `` thank you , dr. peterson . '' 
 `` do n't worry so much , son . 
 your face is a study . 
 we 'll keep rebecca overnight , and will re-evaluate tomorrow depending on how she progresses . 
 we 'll likely want another day of observation , just to be on the safe side . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . '' 
 dr. peterson left him there . 
 tony stood and stared at the door , but could n't go in . 
 he had to help rebecca . 
 she 'd saved miranda 's life , and he owed it to her . 
 if only he had the damnedest clue where to start . 
 it would n't be easy . 
 if her most recent memories were of her mission to save him , he 'd have to find some way to convince her she was an angel without sending her bolting for the nearest can of pepper spray . 
 could she still read his mind ? 
 she 'd have to believe him , then . 
 he quietly stepped back into the room . 
 miranda remained asleep , tucked into a kittenish ball . 
 rebecca was sitting up against her pillows , and watched him unblinkingly . 
 he smiled . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 no flicker of recognition in her eyes , but she was listening , watching him attentively . 
 `` look , i have some bad news . 
 you have amnesia - '' she gasped , and he raised his hand . '' 
 - but it 's only short-term . 
 your memories will return on their own soon , so the doctor says not to worry . '' 
 with every word , he dredged up memories of her . 
 memories of how vulnerable she 'd looked , pressed back against the refrigerator with that soft red mouth tempting him in wicked ways . 
 how she could rivet him just by darting her tongue over his lips , or glancing at him sidelong with laughter in her eyes . 
 how deeply it struck him to watch her playing with miranda , tickling her little feet and calling her kiddo . 
 nothing . 
 rebecca 's eyes remained blank . 
 if she saw , felt , or heard anything , there was no indication . 
 damn it . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` your name is tony ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he returned to her bedside and reclaimed his chair . 
 he reached for her hand , but thought better of it when she flinched . 
 `` it 's okay , rebecca . 
 i wo n't hurt you . 
 i 'm here to take care of you . '' 
 her brows furrowed . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` your - '' tony clamped his mouth shut . 
 her what ? 
 what was he ? 
 could he really condone lying to her , even for her own good ? 
 but if she thought he was her boyfriend , she would want to be with him . 
 and he had n't earned that right , not yet . 
 nor could he just take it , without her fully conscious of her situation and able to give full , willing permission . 
 he dredged up a smile from somewhere . 
 `` get some rest . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 panic crumpled her pretty face . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` just to make a phone call . 
 you 're safe , and i wo n't ever leave you . '' 
 the words had a disturbing ring of truth . 
 he escaped into the hall before she could ask anything else . 
 like why he did n't just use the phone on the bedside table . 
 groaning , tony leaned against the wall next to the door and closed his eyes . 
 what a mess . 
 he should just ... blurt out the truth , find a women 's shelter or some other safe place where rebecca could receive the help she needed , and get out of her life before he caused irreparable damage . 
 to her , and to himself-because he was n't sure if he could spend days by her side , pretending to be her lover , when it would take a bigger ass ** le than tony weis to dare lay a finger on her . 
 `` ahem . '' 
 a musical voice sounded almost in his ear . 
 he jumped and opened his eyes with a guilty flush . 
 `` uh . '' 
 a blond woman stared at him through icy blue eyes that hovered a bare six inches from his face , and stared into him as if she knew every naughty thought he 'd had since he 'd first found his dad 's stash of dirty magazines . 
 her beauty was otherworldly , and if he had n't already met a bona fide angel in training , he 'd think her an angel come to earth . 
 the woman smiled . 
 he stiffened . 
 that same damn knowing smile as rebecca 's . 
 son of a bitch . 
 `` hello , anthony . 
 i 'm - '' `` sally , '' he croaked . 
 she smirked . 
 `` smart man . '' 
 `` fu-um , cra-er , darn it . '' 
 just what he needed . 
 another mind-reading angel . 
 he frowned . 
 `` why are you here ? 
 rebecca ca n't leave - '' `` relax . 
 i have no intention of taking her from you . 
 dropping her back into the middle of her training without her memory would be entirely too traumatic . '' 
 `` you were eavesdropping on the doctor and me . '' 
 her eyes glittered . 
 `` invisibility does have its benefits . '' 
 `` then you know i 'm all she has . 
 you ca n't take her away . 
 you should n't even see her . 
 she 'll probably freak out . '' 
 or even worse , she 'd remember sally and leave him , without even giving him a chance . 
 `` i see . '' 
 sally 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` i wonder , dear anthony , if you 've grown too fond of our rebecca . 
 you seem quite protective of her , even though you must know i mean no harm . '' 
 tony fidgeted and avoided her penetrating stare . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 she 's just a. . . 
 a friend . '' 
 the angel cocked her head . 
 she had that same searching look rebecca often had when she was probing his mind . 
 somehow the idea of torturing sally with his less puritan thoughts was n't as exciting or amusing as tormenting rebecca . 
 sally clicked her tongue . 
 `` well . 
 perhaps if she remembers me , i can take her off your hands . 
 her duty here is complete . 
 you 've no further obligation to her . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 tony felt the blood drain from his face . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 it 's over ? 
 how can you be sure ? 
 i might still decide to kill someone . '' 
 `` not likely , '' sally replied with chilly amusement . 
 `` the threat has been removed . 
 by saving miranda , rebecca prevented an event that would have driven you to murder . '' 
 tony 's heartbeat quickened . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` if rebecca had not been here , miranda would have been with you today . 
 the shooter would have shot her , and you would not have reacted so quickly . 
 i 'm sorry to say she would have died . '' 
 tony could see it so clearly . 
 rebecca had been right . 
 too right . 
 he 'd never thought about the circumstances , but if anything could drive him to it ... he closed his eyes against the sudden wash of pain . 
 `` i 'd have killed the shooter . '' 
 `` yes , '' sally said , sympathy softening her voice . 
 `` your life would have been nothing without miranda . 
 grief would have destroyed your sanity . 
 because rebecca took your place , she changed the events that would have led to your downfall . 
 you and miranda are both safe . 
 more , your lease on life has been restored , and you are no longer pushing yourself down that dark path . '' 
 `` because of her ! '' 
 he flared , before getting his voice under control . 
 `` how can you give me the one thing that restores my faith , then take it away again ? '' 
 `` anthony . 
 rebecca is n't the source of your faith . 
 she only helped you realize it was still there . '' 
 sally rested a hand on his arm . 
 `` her work here is done . '' 
 `` she 's done with us , '' he said flatly . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 tony fell back against the wall . 
 no . 
 it could n't happen this way . 
 he could n't let rebecca leave now . 
 she needed someone to care for her , and it had to be him . 
 if she left now , he 'd never get the chance to thank her . 
 to tell her how much she 'd come to mean to him . 
 he could n't let her feel like she 'd been forgotten , as so many others had forgotten her . 
 could n't sally let her stay for just a little while ? 
 just until she recovered . 
 tony would have to let her go , but until then ... until then , he could protect her . 
 she deserved that much . 
 the gentle sound of the angel clearing her throat broke his concentration . 
 he glanced at her in dismay . 
 her eyes were locked on his with crystal clarity . 
 he flushed and dropped his gaze to his feet . 
 shit . 
 `` i think there is more to your relationship with rebecca than meets the eye , '' she murmured . 
 `` i feel a certain ... connection between you . 
 rebecca has broken no rules regarding you-yet . 
 but it has been difficult for her , just as it has for you . 
 there is a bond too hard for you to ignore . 
 call it fate . '' 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` i can see it in you , and in your thoughts . 
 this could be dangerous , anthony . '' 
 `` do n't blame rebecca . 
 she deserves her wings . 
 i 'm the one who kept pushing too hard . 
 i 'm the one with the mixed-up feelings . '' 
 `` are you ? 
 yet i know rebecca 's mind and heart as well as i know my own . 
 did you know she is afraid of you ? '' 
 tony 's heart stopped cold . '' 
 ... what ? '' 
 `` she fears what will happen to her once you tire of her . '' 
 `` i 'd never - '' `` you know this for a fact ? '' 
 sally raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so now you 're clairvoyant , as well . '' 
 `` rebecca is funny . 
 you 're not . '' 
 tony gave her a sour look . 
 would he have tired of rebecca , if he 'd managed to seduce her ? 
 was rebecca nothing but another conquest , only interesting because she presented a challenge ? 
 no . 
 he 'd met women who played hard to get before , who made him work for it . 
 none of them made him feel like this . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 sally said , and tony groaned . 
 that habit of responding to things he had n't said aloud was really , really damned annoying . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 she continued . 
 `` but it 's so useful . 
 if you 're done complaining , i have a favor to ask of you . 
 and i shall grant you one in return . '' 
 wary , he eyed her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'll stay away from rebecca-for now . 
 in return , you must care for rebecca until she regains her memory . 
 that may indeed be the best path . 
 if i try to force her to remember by more ... '' she gestured . '' 
 ... unorthodox means , the trauma may cause irreversible neurological damage . 
 even we have to follow the laws of neuropathology . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 tony let out a heavy breath . 
 the tightness inside him eased . 
 `` i can do that . 
 i owe her this , at the very least . 
 you have my word that i 'll take good care of her . '' 
 more than that . 
 he 'd do everything he could for her . 
 he 'd give anything for what she 'd given him . 
 and at the very least , he 'd be able to thank her , and have a few more days with her to remember her by . 
 that need had become a promise : he would never forget her . 
 as long as he lived , there would be someone on this earth who 'd needed her . 
 who might never stop needing her . 
 sally poked his chest . 
 he jerked and blinked at her . 
 `` jesus christ , what ? '' 
 `` blasphemer . 
 are you done with your pretty soliloquies ? 
 it 's a noble thought , but - '' she pointed a stern finger at him . 
 `` be careful . 
 if you travel down the wrong road with her , it could end poorly . 
 never forget that she is marked for divinity . '' 
 `` i wo n't do anything to compromise her . 
 all i want is for her to be happy , and safe . '' 
 `` of course , '' sally said dryly . 
 `` very well , then . 
 look after her . 
 and if you truly care for her , remember - '' `` i get it , '' tony said through his teeth . 
 `` you do n't have to keep rubbing it in . 
 you think i 'll deflower her or something . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 `` i should hope not . 
 i 'd hate to see one of you get hurt . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 do you think i could do something like that ? 
 ruin her chances at being an angel , and then just drop her ? '' 
 `` oh , anthony . '' 
 sally shook her head . 
 `` i meant you . 
 you do n't know what you 're up against . 
 what she 's dealt with in her life . '' 
 she patted his shoulder . 
 `` guard your heart . 
 be kind . 
 and for the love of god , do n't ruin her . '' 
 `` i told you - '' `` and i heard you . 
 i also heard other things . 
 i 'm an angel , not an idiot . '' 
 sally smiled and turned away . 
 `` wait . '' 
 tony took a step closer . 
 `` why ca n't rebecca hear my thoughts anymore ? 
 i tried , and ... nothing . '' 
 sally raised both brows . 
 `` i told you . 
 her assignment is over . 
 she has no need to know your thoughts anymore . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 tony swallowed and looked away . 
 `` got it . '' 
 sally sighed . 
 `` good luck , tony . 
 i wish you the best . 
 rebecca is strong , but even the strongest foundation has its weaknesses . 
 do n't make them worse . '' 
 `` thanks for having so much faith in me , '' he growled . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , rebecca needs m - '' the angel was gone . 
 the hallway was empty , and he was alone with his guilt , his frustration , and his angel in training . 
 god damn it . 
 chapter five angel rule # 5 : do n't curse . 
 it 's uncivilized . 
 rebecca stared up at the flickering fluorescent lights and tried to remember ... something . 
 anything . 
 she hated this blackness where her memory , her identity , should be . 
 this uncertainty . 
 everything she was had been consumed by darkness and shadows , until she felt like a stranger to herself . 
 she did n't know anything about herself . 
 not one fu - do n't you dare say that . 
 the thought blazed through her mind , loud as a foghorn . 
 she darted a guilty glance around . 
 why was she doing that ? 
 what did it matter if anyone caught her ? 
 was there some reason she was n't allowed to curse ? 
 god da - there it was again . 
 the guilt , and this time even a sense of shame . 
 what did it mean ? 
 what did it tell her about who she 'd been ? 
 she sighed . 
 none of it made sense . 
 and then there was that man . 
 tony . 
 the way he 'd looked at her , the intensity of his emotion ... what was she , to him ? 
 were they family ? 
 lovers ? 
 her gaze drifted to the little girl , who slept so peacefully in the other bed . 
 every time rebecca 's mind wandered , it slipped back to the little girl . 
 the child had scratches on her bare arms and a gash on her cheek . 
 who was she ? 
 had she been injured at the same time as rebecca ? 
 could this gorgeous little peanut be her child ? 
 that could mean she and tony were more than lovers . 
 it could mean they were married . 
 she looked down at her left hand . 
 instinct told her a ring should be there , but her finger was bare . 
 frustrating . 
 how could she remember stupid details like which finger a wedding ring belonged on , but not if she was a wife , a mother ? 
 how could her mind do this to her ? 
 all this useless information , and not a damned thing to tell her who she was . 
 rebecca pressed her face into her palms . 
 she needed answers , before she went crazy . 
 even worse , she needed tony . 
 whatever he was to her , his absence made her ache for him to return . 
 maybe he 'd be able to tell her something that could bring everything back to her . 
 maybe he 'd be able to make her feel whole again . 
 the doorknob turned and the latch clicked . 
 rebecca straightened and stomped down her flutter of anticipation . 
 tony strode in with an easy smile , and her heart pattered . 
 his eyes met hers , and her fear and frustration eased . 
 she smiled . 
 `` you 're looking better , '' he said . 
 the warmth in his eyes , in his voice , made her blush . 
 he looked at her as if she was special . 
 as if , in this moment , no other woman existed on earth . 
 surely he would n't do that if they were just friends ... would he ? 
 `` i 'm feeling better , '' she said shyly . 
 `` kind of . 
 i 'm still confused and frustrated . 
 and my head hurts like hell . '' 
 she half smiled . 
 tony sat on the bed at her side and took her hand . 
 his other hand brushed across her brow , fingertips tracing her skin . 
 her heart rate quickened . 
 the heart monitor tattled on her , its beeps accelerating . 
 with a chuckle , tony dropped his hand away . 
 `` have you remembered anything ? '' 
 she tore her gaze away from the firm curve of his lips . 
 `` huh ? 
 what ? '' 
 `` have you remembered anything yet ? '' 
 he repeated with a crooked grin . 
 `` oh . 
 um . 
 no , i do n't . 
 i do n't remember you . 
 or her . '' 
 she nodded toward the sleeping child , then bit her lip . 
 `` is she ... ours ? '' 
 his warm , beautifully green eyes shuttered , locking her out . 
 he looked at the girl . 
 `` no . 
 she 's my daughter , miranda . 
 you saved her life today . '' 
 rebecca 's breaths caught . 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 how could she have saved a little girl 's life and not remember ? 
 and why did she feel such a terrible , wrenching sense of disappointment that the child was n't hers ? 
 she 'd clung to the hope that part of her identity could be so easily resolved . 
 that she was part of this man 's family , but the way he 'd looked at her made it clear she had no business with them . 
 then how had she saved miranda ? 
 god , what if she was a random stranger he did n't even know ? 
 he sighed . 
 `` you took miranda for a walk . 
 you went to the toy store , and were coming home . 
 on the way back ... a man ... '' he let out a shaky breath and dragged a hand over his face . 
 `` he had a gun . 
 the police tried to warn you . 
 the man shot at you . 
 you shielded miranda with your body . '' 
 rebecca touched trembling fingers to the bandages on her head . 
 `` and that 's how i. . . ? '' 
 `` not quite . 
 the bullet only grazed you . 
 but you hit your head on a lamp post when you fell . 
 the doctor was worried about your brain swelling , but it looks like you 've just got fractures . '' 
 `` and the amnesia . '' 
 he winced . 
 `` and the amnesia . '' 
 rebecca studied the girl . 
 she could n't be a stranger to tony , or miranda . 
 no father would let a stranger walk off with his daughter . 
 was she miranda 's nanny ? 
 would n't that be humiliating . 
 here she was pining after tony , and she was probably the hired help . 
 good for a quick toss , but nothing else . 
 she was being stupid . 
 she should n't want this so badly . 
 there had to be something she was missing . 
 something she recognized subconsciously , that made her need this so much . 
 tony captured her hand and squeezed it . 
 his was so large , so warm , enveloping her fingers in a comforting grip . 
 `` do n't look so worried . 
 she 's fine , thanks to you . 
 she did n't want to leave you alone in the hospital . 
 neither did i. i ca n't tell you how grateful i am . '' 
 `` is that why you 're here ? '' 
 she asked , and stole a glance at him from under her eyelashes . 
 was that all it was ? 
 he felt obligated to the woman who 'd saved his daughter ? 
 `` no . 
 i 'm here because i was worried about you , and i want to take care of you . '' 
 the sincerity in his voice drew her to meet his eyes . 
 that guarded look was gone , replaced once again by earnest warmth . 
 tears pricked her eyes . 
 she blinked them back . 
 `` do n't i have family for that ? 
 do n't i have a. . . 
 a mother , siblings , something ? '' 
 `` you do n't , '' he said regretfully , and tightened his grip on her hand . 
 `` but you have me . '' 
 she dropped her eyes . 
 how was that supposed to comfort her , when she did n't know what exactly she had ? 
 all she knew was what she did n't have . 
 no memories . 
 no family . 
 no friends . 
 no one who loved her enough to care . 
 it was n't exactly fun . 
 in fact , it rather sucked . 
 clearing his throat , tony withdrew his hand and sat back in the chair . 
 `` i wish the f ** ker who shot you had n't gotten away . 
 i 'd like to find him and wring his neck . '' 
 `` he got away ? 
 son of a bitch . '' 
 he gave her a startled look . 
 she blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing , i 'm just surprised you cursed . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she tilted her head . 
 `` i feel guilty every time i do . '' 
 `` probably because you 've been told not to . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` by you ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 he grinned , wicked and rakish . 
 `` not just no , hell no . '' 
 this time she could n't answer his smile . 
 `` you seem to know a lot about me . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 he looked away and ran a hand back through his hair . 
 it left him adorably disheveled . 
 `` i know some things . 
 not a lot . '' 
 `` ca n't you tell me even a little ? 
 what 's my favorite color ? 
 what kind of car do i drive ? 
 where do i work ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` slow down . 
 you sound like miranda . '' 
 he paused , then continued , `` i do n't know your favorite color . 
 you do n't drive . 
 and you were ... ah ... between jobs . '' 
 `` you mean i was fired . '' 
 `` something like that . 
 next question ? '' 
 `` tony ... '' rebecca gathered her courage along with her breath . 
 `` what are we to each other ? '' 
 tony hesitated . 
 when he spoke , he seemed to choose his words carefully . 
 `` we only met recently . 
 we 're good friends . 
 you 've been staying with me in my new apartment . 
 we just moved in the other day . '' 
 friends ? 
 that was all ? 
 maybe that explained why he could make her heart race with a smile . 
 had she had a crush on him ? 
 had he even known ? 
 `` so ... just friends ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not just friends . '' 
 his face reddened . 
 he fidgeted with the iv tube . 
 when his eyes found hers , he smiled and reached out to brush his fingertips against her cheek . 
 `` but a very new couple . '' 
 `` why did we move in together so quickly ? '' 
 he shifted in his seat . 
 `` you needed somewhere to stay . 
 i. . . 
 i needed you . 
 i 've always liked you . 
 there 's always been this ... connection between us . 
 for me , it was n't fast enough . '' 
 `` o-oh . '' 
 rebecca pressed a hand against her aching chest . 
 `` so you ... like me ? '' 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` more than just like , rebecca . '' 
 the way he said her name sent a thrill through her . 
 she lowered her eyes , struggling for words . 
 he twisted her up inside , until she did n't know which way to go . 
 `` i wish i could remember all of this . 
 i wish i could remember us . '' 
 `` i 'll do everything i can to remind you . '' 
 she met his eyes , and felt that yearning bloom inside her again . 
 `` remind me now , tony . 
 please . '' 
 `` rebecca . '' 
 he squeezed her hand , then slowly let go . 
 something flashed across his face , something almost like guilt . 
 `` the doctor said not to rush it . 
 there 'll be time . 
 sleep , for now . '' 
 he rose and moved away from her , to miranda 's bedside . 
 rebecca watched as he tenderly brushed the little girl 's hair from her face . 
 why had he pulled away from her ? 
 what had she done ? 
 what was that guilty look for ? 
 sighing , she lay back down and rolled onto her side , turning her back to him . 
 `` sure , '' she mumbled . 
 `` sleep . '' 
 yet she knew sleep would never come . 
 ... rebecca surveyed the small apartment for the hundredth time . 
 same white walls . 
 same beige carpeting . 
 same utter lack of recognition . 
 they 'd kept her in the hospital for three days . 
 three days of anticipation , hoping to come home and find that one thing that would make everything click together . 
 three days of gentle yet entirely useless police questioning . 
 three days with tony by her side , telling her everything he could to try to awaken her memory . 
 three days of emptiness . 
 she 'd been released this morning . 
 and she was still empty , without a single memory to call her own . 
 no . 
 that was wrong . 
 she had new memories , now . 
 memories of quiet talks late in the night , the hospital 's stillness creating a sense of intimacy . 
 tony had treated her so gently , as if she might break at the slightest touch . 
 a soft kiss on the forehead here . 
 a gentle squeeze of the hand there . 
 she wanted his touch to be familiar , wanted it to spark some recognition . 
 nothing . 
 she was still nothing , just a receptacle for the useless facts tony had poured into her head . 
 she wandered into the kitchen . 
 maybe her brain needed food . 
 even if her brain did n't , her stomach did . 
 and it was telling her so , quite loudly . 
 as she crossed the threshold , vertigo struck her . 
 she grabbed the edge of the counter . 
 `` where do you want these ? '' 
 `` anywhere . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i do n't really give a damn . '' 
 `` that 's your problem . 
 you do n't give a damn . 
 only you do . 
 you just keep trying not to , and it 's tearing you apart . '' 
 `` not with the lectures again . '' 
 the brief flash of memory left her dizzy . 
 she sank down on a barstool . 
 she and tony had been unpacking-and arguing . 
 remembered after-impressions of emotion and sensation shivered through her . 
 desire and anger . 
 why had they been fighting ? 
 the kitchen was empty of boxes now . 
 everything was put away , clean and in order . 
 had she done that ? 
 he ripped open a box on the counter , pulled out a mug , and stripped away the protective bubble wrap before reaching for a second cup . 
 he handled the ceramic gently . 
 his fingers were long and masculine , but he looked as if he knew exactly how to use them to make a woman tremble . 
 and rebecca did tremble . 
 she wrapped her arms around herself . 
 a deep chill struck her . 
 just one memory in the endless black ... why that one ? 
 why now ? 
 footsteps caused her to jerk her head up . 
 she tried to compose herself , but tony took one look at her and crossed to her side quickly . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked tightly . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 did you remember something ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i. . . 
 i had a small flashback . 
 it 's gone now . '' 
 tony tensed . 
 `` what did you remember ? '' 
 rebecca watched him from the corner of her eye . 
 why was he so edgy ? 
 `` we were unpacking , and arguing . 
 how long ago did we move in ? '' 
 with a smile , tony relaxed . 
 `` some time last week . '' 
 `` what day ? '' 
 he tipped his head back , murmuring to himself , then said , `` tuesday , i think . 
 it was a few days before you got hurt . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 tony pulled her into his arms . 
 she sighed and rested her head against his chest . 
 he laid his cheek against her hair . 
 when he spoke again , she could feel the warm rumble of his voice in his chest . 
 `` you seem like remembering that shook you up a bit . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's just so frustrating . 
 having that little bit back is almost worse than not having anything at all . '' 
 she curled her fingers in his shirt . 
 `` i ca n't even remember meeting you . 
 all i remember is us arguing . 
 why could n't it have been our first kiss , or when we first met ? '' 
 tension made his body stiff against hers . 
 he sighed and , touching a fingertip beneath her chin , tilted her face up to his . 
 `` let 's make a new memory . 
 here 's our first kiss . 
 do n't worry about the ones you forgot . 
 do n't worry about anything . 
 let this kiss be the one that really matters . '' 
 his lips ghosted through the air over hers , so close she felt their heat . 
 yet he held back , until she closed her eyes and swayed closer . 
 asking . 
 almost begging . 
 she needed his kiss . 
 she needed to feel like something was right in her world , and god , she hoped it was this . 
 he tilted his head , and their lips met . 
 molten warmth quivered through her as he tasted her , explored her , left her gasping with the heated , moist friction of each caress . 
 her heart sank into her stomach , then rose into her throat , pounding until her pulse was a dull roar filling her head . 
 he kissed her as if he needed her to live ; kissed her as if he 'd been yearning for this for his entire life . 
 there was a desperation in his touch that left her aching , sighing . 
 so much raw emotion , as though he could fill the empty places in her with this single kiss . 
 rebecca pressed into his hard body . 
 tony grasped her at the hips and pulled her flush with him , pressing their bodies enticingly close . 
 liquid fire rolled through her veins . 
 she arched against him . 
 his tongue twined with hers , capturing it , and he teased a moan from her as he rolled his hips against her . 
 `` tony , '' she panted . 
 he answered with a growl and lifted her right off the stool . 
 his coarse hand skimmed down her thigh , then lifted it and hooked her leg around his hip . 
 when he rolled his hips again , she choked on a cry . 
 he moved between her legs , so shockingly , deeply intimate , and bent her back over the counter . 
 she wrapped her other leg around him , and their lips met in a volatile fury . 
 he fumbled with her clothing , and she tore at his . 
 `` daddy ? 
 i 'm hungry . '' 
 shit . 
 they broke apart , gasping . 
 rebecca leaned hard on the counter . 
 only tony 's hand against her back kept her from sinking on jellied legs to the floor . 
 good god , miranda had caught rebecca making out with the child 's father . 
 she might as well have been caught by her parents with her skirt around her thighs and a boy on top of her . 
 tony stared at her , stricken . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't mean - '' he raked a shaky hand through his hair . 
 `` i wo n't do it again . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 tony 's eyes darted from rebecca to his daughter to the door . 
 `` nothing , baby , daddy 's fine . '' 
 he obviously was n't fine . 
 neither was rebecca . 
 her heart twisted . 
 why had he kissed her like that , then apologized for it ? 
 if she was his girlfriend , was n't it natural ? 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` tony - '' he shook his head , his meaning clear . 
 not in front of miranda . 
 rebecca closed her eyes and turned away . 
 at her back , she heard tony cross the kitchen , and the forced shift in his voice as he asked , `` what did you want for dinner , baby girl ? '' 
 `` can rebecca make eggs again ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 rebecca glanced over her shoulder . 
 eggs ? 
 something nagged at the corner of her mind , a vague hint of memory . 
 the best eggs this side of heaven . 
 tony sighed . 
 `` eggs are breakfast , honey . 
 it 's dinner time . '' 
 `` she can have eggs , '' rebecca blurted . 
 she turned back to face them . 
 miranda 's smile tugged on something inside her , a sense of longing that felt old and deep-rooted . 
 `` can i really ? '' 
 the child squealed . 
 `` if my lady wants eggs , eggs she shall have . '' 
 rebecca curtsied . 
 miranda stifled a giggle . 
 `` well , if rebecca 's okay ... '' tony gave her a significant look . 
 `` of course i 'm okay , '' she bit off . 
 no , she was n't . 
 she was confused , and starting to get angry-but she would n't take it out on miranda . 
 ignoring tony , she turned to the child . 
 `` eggs it is , kiddo . '' 
 `` can i help again , becca ? 
 please please please ? '' 
 miranda fidgeted . 
 `` do you usually help me ? 
 i did n't think princesses made their own eggs . '' 
 `` i did , and i did good , i promise ! 
 daddy was lazy . 
 he slept on the couch and did n't help at all . '' 
 rebecca frowned . 
 why would tony have slept on the couch if they were living together and sharing a bed ? 
 tony shrugged . 
 `` i 'm no good at eggs , baby girl . 
 i 'll leave that to the experts . '' 
 rebecca had a feeling that was n't all it was . 
 sighing , she pushed her troubled thoughts away . 
 with a smile , she clapped her hands together . 
 `` okay , miranda . 
 let 's make some eggs . '' 
 the little girl skipped toward the fridge , mumbling something about fairies and gardens . 
 rebecca shook her head and followed . 
 if she was n't careful , miranda could end up destroying the whole kitchen . 
 everyone knew a four-year-old 's `` help '' in the kitchen was no help at all . 
 though how had rebecca known that , when she could n't remember ? 
 to hell with it . 
 she had a new memory waiting for her right here , and she 'd just made another delicious one with tony , even if he 'd confused her terribly . 
 and as they cracked eggs and made toast , as she tickled miranda 's nose and cleaned up the mess of eggshells crumbled everywhere , rebecca smiled and just let herself relax . 
 this felt like heaven ; this felt right . 
 this was her life , and she fit into it so perfectly . 
 she 'd come home . 
 chapter six angel rule # 6 : never forget your place in the household is temporary . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 miranda 's little hand curled over the top edge of the storybook and pulled it down out of tony 's line of sight . 
 `` why ca n't becca be my mommy ? '' 
 tony sucked in a deep breath . 
 his daughter looked up at him over the pages of 101 princess tales , her tiny body nestled in a jumble of pajamas , blankets , pillows , and dolls . 
 he 'd been thinking of rebecca with every page . 
 how it had felt to spend the night cuddled on the couch , rebecca on one side , miranda on the other , the three laughing together over a horrible b movie they 'd only picked because miranda had wanted fairies . 
 that laughter had turned into borderline hysterical giggles when rebecca had discovered miranda 's fatal weakness : ticklish feet . 
 tony had gotten in the middle of it somehow , and they 'd ended up in a tangle on the floor , gasping and grinning and trying to catch their breaths . 
 they 'd been just like a real family-and now here miranda was , wanting to make that illusion real . 
 once rebecca regained her memory , this would all fall apart . 
 `` miranda ... '' he looked at his daughter helplessly . 
 how could he explain ? 
 how could he tell miranda that they were n't supposed to want rebecca , to love her , when he could n't even keep himself under control ? 
 that kiss-christ , that had been a mistake . 
 he 'd just ... snapped . 
 he 'd been so careful not to cross the line , but when she 'd looked up at him , so lost and lonely , his control had snapped . 
 he could n't do that again . 
 not if he wanted her to be happy . 
 what kind of happiness was really waiting for her , as an angel ? 
 she seemed to be trying so hard , but her heart was n't in it . 
 tell yourself the truth , tony . 
 you 're seeing what you want to see because you want her heart to be with you . 
 why ? 
 why did he want rebecca so badly ? 
 he 'd think he was acting on the rush of emotion after she 'd saved miranda , but this had been creeping up on him even before that terrible day . 
 no matter the reason , this would end badly . 
 even if he tried to win her heart , once she regained her memory she would n't choose him . 
 no one would choose a man like tony over heaven itself . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 miranda bit her lip . 
 tony shook himself and returned his gaze to his daughter . 
 shit , that sad , hopeful look wrenched at him something f ** king awful . 
 `` no , honey . '' 
 he wished with all his heart he had a different answer . 
 `` she 'll be leaving soon . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 miranda lowered her eyes to her blanket . 
 `` will i ever have a mommy ? '' 
 `` maybe someday , love . '' 
 he covered her little hand with his and squeezed . 
 he wanted to hate jane all over again , but it was n't jane 's fault that tony just ... was n't enough . 
 he 'd tried so , so hard . 
 he 'd always try , would always give everything he could for his daughter , but he could n't help remembering the recitals he 'd missed and the pre-school field trips she 'd skipped because he had to work , because they could n't afford it , because tony could n't make time for the pta . 
 he 'd always thought those were just the sacrifices a single parent had to make . 
 he could n't trust just anyone with his heart . 
 nor would he trust just anyone with his daughter . 
 damn him for hoping , for praying he could trust rebecca . 
 he touched miranda 's cheek , and tipped her grave little face up to his . 
 `` you never know what will happen , baby . 
 but no matter what ... you 'll always have a daddy . 
 and daddy loves you , okay ? '' 
 miranda smiled . 
 `` okay , daddy . '' 
 tony gathered miranda into his lap and settled against the headboard with the book propped on one thigh . 
 yet as he kissed miranda 's hair and let her turn the pages with clumsy fingers , his thoughts drifted back to rebecca . 
 when she 'd fallen on the living room floor , laughing and shrieking as miranda tickled her stomach , tony had never wanted to kiss her more . 
 kiss her , and never let go . 
 but he could only be her friend . 
 that , and nothing more . 
 ... rebecca stood motionless under the hot water . 
 stinging spray struck her , ran down her body , and rose in coils of steam around her . 
 the warmth heated and softened her muscles , soothing her until she nearly collapsed in a puddle on the tile . 
 it had taken twenty minutes of fiddling to finally get the temperature right . 
 she 'd never thought the little things would be the most difficult part of amnesia . 
 it was hard enough not to remember who she was , where she came from-but something as simple as forgetting how hot she liked her showers frustrated her to the point of tears . 
 yet she had n't lost everything . 
 she 'd managed dinner well enough , remembering cooking times and temperatures , ingredients , everything with a natural instinct . 
 the food had been fine . 
 how was it she could remember how much pepper went into scrambled eggs , but she could n't remember her first kiss with tony ? 
 the one memory she did have was seared into her , mind and body . 
 she closed her eyes and remembered the firm heat of his lips . 
 her fingers slid over her shoulder , gliding over water-slicked skin , and she imagined it was his touch , his rough fingers . 
 but it was n't the same . 
 she sighed and dropped her hand . 
 she was n't the same . 
 she was n't the same rebecca she 'd been before the accident . 
 maybe that was why he 'd pulled away from her with such revulsion . 
 but he 'd been so warm , after dinner . 
 the way they 'd laughed and relaxed ... she 'd kept waiting for some spark of familiarity to tell her this was her life , safe and comfortable . 
 she 'd been so happy with both tony and miranda . 
 she 'd felt like they were people she could really love , people she belonged with . 
 she ached to truly belong to tony-to be with him behind closed doors , and maybe rediscover herself in his embrace . 
 her body quickened , a taut spark of desire burning through her . 
 she turned off the water , grabbed a fluffy blue towel , and dried off . 
 he was probably out there now , waiting for her . 
 she took her time getting dressed . 
 anything to settle her nerves . 
 would he even want her , now ? 
 do n't be silly . 
 they 'd made love many times before . 
 she just could n't remember . 
 why would tonight be any different ? 
 rebecca slipped out into the hallway and made her way to the living room . 
 tony sat on the couch , holding a wine glass in each hand . 
 she stopped in her tracks . 
 he studied her through dark eyelashes , his gaze heated , unreadable , and tempting her to flee back to the relative safety of the bathroom . 
 she took a steadying breath and drew closer to sink down on the couch at his side . 
 he offered her a wine glass . 
 she took it with a hand that shook so badly she came close to spilling in his lap . 
 stupid , stupid klutz . 
 his hand covered hers , steadying her grip , and her stomach knotted . 
 her eyes rose to his and held , transfixed . 
 he leaned closer-and rebecca caught a breath and made herself draw away , averting her eyes with a blush . 
 she could handle this . 
 this was normal . 
 she just had to get used to it again . 
 she could feel the weight of tony 's gaze on her . 
 his shirt rasped against the couch cushions as he drew away again . 
 `` to coming home , '' he said . 
 rebecca raised her glass . 
 `` to coming home to you . '' 
 he stilled . 
 his eyes sought hers again , and tension filled the air , so thick it was crushing , unbearable . 
 just as quickly , he looked away , gulped down his wine , and poured himself a second glass with an unsteady hand . 
 rebecca took a sip of her own and just wished she had the guts to down it like a cherry bomb on three dollar shot night at the juke joint . 
 being drunk might not help her remember anything , but it would make forgetting much easier to deal with . 
 tony cleared his throat . 
 `` so , have you remembered anything else ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just the one flash . '' 
 `` is there something in particular you want to remember ? 
 something i can help with ? '' 
 `` do you always ask such obvious questions ? '' 
 he laughed dryly . 
 `` there 's that sense of humor i lo-adore . '' 
 rebecca rolled her eyes . 
 one thing at a time , right ? 
 she considered , then asked , `` what did i do before i lost my job ? 
 what was my career ? '' 
 he tensed and looked away . 
 `` honestly ? 
 you mostly ... volunteered and helped at the hospital , i think . '' 
 `` that 's nice . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` but jobs like those do n't pay . 
 how did i make enough money to cover my bills ? '' 
 `` waitressing , mostly . '' 
 `` waitressing ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i thought i would have been something else . 
 like ... '' she fumbled , and landed on a spark of familiarity . '' 
 ... like an engineer . '' 
 `` an engineer ? 
 really ? '' 
 he smiled and rubbed his jaw . 
 `` i think i could see that . 
 you 're stubborn and refuse to fail in anything . 
 you keep pushing until you find the right solution . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` but i ended up a waitress . 
 i 'm guessing i did n't go to college . 
 or get a degree . '' 
 `` you could , '' he suggested , his eyes catching hers . 
 `` you could go to school and get that degree . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she sighed . 
 what point was there in thinking about that when she did n't even know what she 'd wanted , before ? 
 clearing her throat , she shifted her position and wrapped her arms around her raised knees . 
 `` how did we meet ? '' 
 `` i was packing to move out of my house after the bank foreclosed on the mortgage and seized my plumbing business . 
 bad time to be looking for a plumber , i guess , but there you were . 
 i could n't fill the position , but i offered to fill a few more for you . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` after offering you a drink , of course . 
 i am a gentleman . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 right . 
 i may not remember much , but i do n't need my memory to know you 're full of shit . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you wound me , my lady . 
 i 'm a true gentleman , through and through . 
 if anything , you took advantage of me . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 she eyed him . 
 `` sure . '' 
 tony muffled another laugh against the rim of his glass . 
 `` i ca n't be that bad . 
 you agreed to go out with me . 
 we fell into things pretty fast , and when your lease was up we decided we might as well move in together . '' 
 a sly smile teased at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` we have n't killed each other yet . 
 i 'd call that a success . '' 
 `` you must have laid one hell of a line on me , to get me to move in with you that fast . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` how 'd you know it was n't your idea ? '' 
 `` i - '' rebecca paused , frowning . 
 `` i guess i do n't . '' 
 she shrugged one shoulder and looked down into her wine glass . 
 `` was it ? '' 
 `` rebecca . '' 
 his hand was warm on her shoulder , his voice soft in her ear . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 what matters is you 're here , and i promise i 'll take care of you . '' 
 her voice caught in her throat . 
 `` guess you 're just my guardian angel , huh ? '' 
 tony said nothing , but his hand fell away from her shoulder . 
 the loss of contact ached . 
 she looked up to find him staring across the room , his eyes hard . 
 he took another deep drink of wine . 
 `` tony ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what did i say ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he muttered , and let out a heavy breath . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 when he opened them again , his easy smile was back . 
 `` it 's just strange to hear you say that when i 've always thought you were my angel , sent straight from heaven to save me . '' 
 rebecca frowned . 
 he was confusing her . 
 hot one minute , cold the next . 
 had she imagined his unease ? 
 his smile faltered . 
 `` say something before i feel like an even bigger jackass than i already do ? '' 
 `` you 're not a jackass . '' 
 she touched the back of his hand . 
 he turned his palm up and caught her fingers , lacing theirs together . 
 the pad of his thumb stroked over the backs of her knuckles , and her heart rate doubled . 
 `` if you ca n't remember yourself , you ca n't remember me , either , '' he said , an odd hitch in the words . 
 `` for all you know , i 'm the biggest jackass in the world . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe that . 
 not after how good you 've been to me . '' 
 he only looked at her . 
 the pain and misery in his eyes made her want to soothe them away . 
 kiss him until he could n't hurt anymore , and until she no longer felt like screaming with all the questions ripping her apart . 
 darting her tongue over her lips , she leaned closer . 
 his eyes dropped to her mouth , and there was no mistaking the hunger there . 
 the raw , agonizing need . 
 but he jerked away , and released her hand . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 what any friend would do . '' 
 hurt lashed through her . 
 `` you keep saying ` friend . ' '' 
 she curled her hand in her lap . 
 she could still feel the tingling warmth of his touch . 
 `` are you trying to tell me something ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 he stared down into his empty wine glass . 
 `` looks like i 'm dry . 
 i 'll get us some mo - '' `` tony . '' 
 no answer . 
 his fingers tightened on the glass until it squeaked . 
 rebecca ground her teeth . 
 `` tell me what 's going on , or so help me ... '' `` i ca n't . '' 
 barely a whisper , but his voice cracked . 
 `` i ca n't tell you . 
 and i ca n't kiss you again . 
 i ca n't be that close to you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 rebecca 's fingers clenched until her nails bit into her palms . 
 `` you said i was your girlfriend . '' 
 `` it 's not right . 
 not until your memory returns . 
 i 'd feel like i was taking advantage of you , and i do n't want you to hate - '' he took a shuddering breath . 
 `` i do n't want you to have any regrets . '' 
 `` you do n't want me to hate you . '' 
 he did n't deny it . 
 did n't do anything save to tilt his head back against the couch and close his eyes . 
 `` why ? '' 
 still nothing . 
 she wanted to shake him . 
 `` what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 `` nothing , damn it ! '' 
 he stood and practically flung the wine glass onto the coffee table . 
 swearing , he paced away from her , then whirled to face her . 
 `` for once in my life , i 'm trying to do the right thing . 
 just let me , okay ? '' 
 `` what if i do n't want you to ? '' 
 rebecca rose , drawing closer , her heart in her throat . 
 `` tony , if you 're part of my memories ... what if i need you to be close to me ? 
 what if i need you to kiss me , touch me ? '' 
 he froze , watching her like a cornered animal , eyes dark and desperate . 
 `` please , rebecca . 
 it 's not that simple . 
 after you remember - '' `` not after , '' rebecca said , and curled her hands in his shirt . 
 `` now . '' 
 and , pulling him down , she kissed him . 
 she knew she should n't do this . 
 knew she was being rash , impulsive . 
 but she was tired of not knowing what to think , what to feel . 
 tired of feeling so empty . 
 kissing tony erased her questions until she knew exactly what to feel , exactly what she wanted . 
 she wanted him . 
 she fit her mouth to his with a needy sigh , and arched her body to press close . 
 he was so tense , and for a brief second she feared he 'd pull away . 
 instead he groaned , wrapped his arms around her , and dragged her body against his . 
 his lips locked to hers and his tongue traced the line of her mouth , urging her to open to him . 
 she surrendered willingly and he swept into her , delving deep and exploring her with a thoroughness that left her weak . 
 yes , she thought , gasping and curling her hands against his shoulders . 
 god , yes . 
 this felt right . 
 this felt true , and she silently begged that he would n't let go or thrust her away again . 
 his kiss tore through that lonely blackness inside her and filled her with him . 
 filled her with love . 
 she might not know who she was-but in this moment , rebecca knew one thing without a doubt . 
 she loved tony weis , and wanted him to love her , too . 
 ... tony suppressed a groan . 
 he 'd tried to resist her . 
 tried to resist his own urges , when his body demanded that he take everything she offered and more . 
 this was wrong . 
 when rebecca regained her memory , she 'd hate him . 
 she 'd feel betrayed , used , lied to . 
 and she 'd leave him . 
 but her mouth was hot and damp on his right now , so willing , so delicious , and he could n't break away . 
 not when every taste of her ignited him . 
 he wanted her . 
 he needed her . 
 christ , if he made love to her tonight , would she hate him later ? 
 he 'd hurt her if he pushed her away now , but she 'd understand later . 
 understand that he loved her enough not to want to compromise her . 
 loved her enough that he did n't want to be with her unless they did this right , and with her full knowledge and consent . 
 wait . 
 love ? 
 stupid , stupid , stupid . 
 how could he fall in love with rebecca chance ? 
 how could he fall in love with an angel ? 
 how could he be enough of an idiot to fall in love with a woman he could never have ? 
 that was it . 
 he had to stop this now , before he lost all self-control and could n't stop . 
 it was for her own good , he told himself , but still his hands shook as he grasped her wrists , parted their lips , and gently pried her away . 
 she looked up at him , her eyes glazed , her lips swollen from their kiss . 
 son of a bitch . 
 he looked away-anywhere but at her soft , inviting mouth . 
 focusing on the wall over her shoulder , he said , `` i ca n't do this . 
 you would n't be so eager if you were aware of your past . 
 i know that much . '' 
 `` what 's in my past that would stop me from being with my boyfriend ? '' 
 her voice was bitter and confused . 
 `` is n't this what couples normally do ? 
 or did i forget that , too ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 no . 
 i mean ... not us . '' 
 tony swallowed , released her , and stepped out of her reach . 
 `` we have n't been together before now . 
 not like that . 
 which is why i ca n't - wo n't - touch you . 
 if you still want me when your memory returns , i 'll be here . 
 i promise . '' 
 he held his breath and silently begged her not to push anymore . 
 to leave him be . 
 good intentions or not , he only had so much willpower . 
 rebecca turned her back on him with a hurt little sniff . 
 `` fine . 
 can we just go to bed ? '' 
 `` you can . '' 
 tony could n't trust himself in bed with her . 
 `` i 'll sleep on the couch . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 she shot a look over her shoulder . 
 he caught the tremor of her lips . 
 `` you wo n't even sleep next to me ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't take that chance . 
 you may hate me for it now , but you 'll understand later . '' 
 `` fine , '' she choked out , and flung herself away from him . 
 he hated watching her walk away . 
 hated the tension and hurt practically singing through every line of her with each step that took her down the hall and away from him . 
 when the door to his bedroom slammed shut behind her , the sound ripped through him like a shot . 
 damn it . 
 tony sank down on the couch and rubbed his temples . 
 he 'd never felt like a bigger ass ** le for doing the right thing . 
 somehow he doubted that , when sally had sent rebecca to him , she 'd meant to test his morals in quite this way . 
 if resisting rebecca was making him a better person , then being a better person sucked . 
 just a short while ago , he 'd have taken full advantage of her and felt not a moment 's guilt . 
 sex was just sex . 
 a few moments of mutual satisfaction before they parted ways , and if she was willing , he could n't be blamed . 
 only he knew he could . 
 even worse , she 'd be devastated , and the look in her eyes when she realized he 'd broken her trust ... he 'd never be able to live with himself if she looked at him that way . 
 far better was the way she 'd looked at him after he kissed her , her eyes molten and dark with need . 
 the memory alone was enough to make lust simmer and boil at his core , and he let out another frustrated groan . 
 god damn it , why did being good have to feel so bad ? 
 chapter seven angel rule # 7 : always act quickly ; never falter in your convictions . 
 rebecca curled up in one corner of the couch and watched the sun set through the window . 
 she felt like she was looking through a picture window , out on a world that was n't quite real . 
 had she ever felt this lost before ? 
 had she known what to do , then ? 
 like knowing that would help her now . 
 useless questions . 
 she was full of useless questions , and not one of them made her any less alone , afraid , or uncertain . 
 what had she done with her life before her memory loss ? 
 did she have a career she loved-or was that part of her life a wreck , too ? 
 she needed to figure out what it was she did , so she could get a job . 
 make some money . 
 not be an anchor weighing tony and miranda down . 
 but ... what did she do ? 
 yawning , she rubbed her eyes . 
 she had n't slept last night . 
 she could n't . 
 the bed was too big for her , and full of tony 's scent . 
 all she 'd been able to think about was him , out there alone on the couch . 
 logically , she understood why he 'd kept her at a distance-and why , this morning , he 'd acted like nothing had happened . 
 he 'd smiled and kissed her cheek before leaving for work , and she 'd tried so hard not to scream at him . 
 tried so hard not to break down , because she understood all too well . 
 understanding did n't make it hurt any less . 
 they were a new couple , he 'd said . 
 but she loved him with an intensity that made her ache . 
 maybe he did n't want that . 
 maybe he just wanted to keep things casual , take it slow . 
 for all she knew , he did n't want that kind of commitment . 
 then why was she living here , with him and his daughter ? 
 why did they feel like a family ? 
 tony ducked into the living room , his tie hanging loose around his throat , his shirt partially unbuttoned . 
 he smiled . 
 `` miranda wants a good-night kiss from her fairy . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 rebecca rose and smoothed her shirt . 
 her fairy . 
 again that frustrating echo of a memory she could n't grasp , bringing with it a ghost of remembered emotion . 
 depression . 
 pain . 
 longing . 
 why ? 
 why had she been upset over miranda ? 
 was it because the child was n't really her daughter ? 
 hell , was she even the motherly type ? 
 with a sigh , rebecca brushed past tony and slipped into miranda 's room . 
 the little girl sat in the middle of the bed with a stubborn pout . 
 the covers were bunched at the foot of the bed . 
 `` can you tuck me in ? '' 
 miranda said . 
 `` daddy does it wrong . '' 
 rebecca laughed . 
 her tension unraveled , and she sank down on the edge of miranda 's bed . 
 `` does he ? '' 
 she nudged the girl until she lay down , then pulled the blanket up over her shoulders . 
 `` night , munchkin , '' she said , and kissed the tip of miranda 's nose . 
 miranda smiled with a sleepy yawn . 
 `` night , angel . '' 
 rebecca blinked . 
 `` angel ? 
 i thought i was a fairy . '' 
 `` daddy always calls you an angel . '' 
 miranda curled her little hand against the pillow . 
 her eyes drifted closed . 
 `` so i changed it , '' she mumbled . 
 `` becca-angel . '' 
 rebecca smiled . 
 her , an angel ? 
 not likely . 
 she was as far from an angel as anyone could get without going straight to hell . 
 `` night , kiddo , '' she whispered , but her only answer was miranda 's sleeping breaths . 
 shaking her head , rebecca crept from the room and rejoined tony in the living room . 
 he was reading the sports section and drinking coffee , but he set the paper down with a smile when he saw her . 
 `` passed right out , did n't she ? '' 
 `` before her head even hit the pillow . '' 
 chuckling , rebecca sat on the arm of the couch next to him . 
 `` looks like i 'm not a fairy anymore . 
 i 'm an angel . '' 
 tony choked on his coffee and spluttered , turning red . 
 rebecca slapped his back . 
 `` um . 
 you okay ? '' 
 he coughed and set his mug on the table , blinking . 
 `` i will be when you stop pounding on me . 
 damn , woman . 
 oughta join the cowboys , with an arm like that . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` i get the feeling i did n't like football very much . '' 
 `` i 'm working on changing that so i wo n't have to leave you . 
 or at least put you out on the stoop every sunday . '' 
 she punched his arm . 
 `` very funny . 
 i 'm going to the store and buying a giants jersey tomorrow . '' 
 he glowered . 
 `` do that , and i really will put you out . '' 
 `` sure you will . '' 
 rebecca grinned and leaned over to nudge his shoulder . 
 `` that 's the jackass talking . 
 not the real tony . '' 
 `` you want to see the real tony ? '' 
 a crafty gleam in his eyes was the only warning before his arms snaked around her waist and he dragged her down in his lap . 
 his fingers raced over her ribs , tickling her , and she shrieked with laughter-then clamped a hand over her mouth . 
 `` tony ! '' 
 she gasped , wriggling in his grip . 
 `` stop it ! 
 i 'll wake miranda ! '' 
 he stopped . 
 stopped and just looked at her , his eyes intense , his hands resting against her waist . 
 the stormy green caught her yet again , captured her with their heat and left her breathless . 
 she yearned to kiss him again , but she knew the moment she moved , the moment she broke this spell , he 'd push her away . 
 he teased a lock of hair away from her temple and traced a finger over her scar . 
 `` i wish i could find the man who did this to you , and kick his ass from one side of dallas to the other . 
 he should n't be walking free . 
 not after hurting you . '' 
 `` the police will find him . '' 
 rebecca searched her mind for even a glimpse of that day , but came up blank . 
 her first memory was the hospital , and those heart-stopping green eyes watching her with such fear and worry . 
 `` i ca n't even remember his face . 
 do you ? '' 
 `` only a little . 
 it all happened so fast , and in the chaos ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` i was more worried about you and miranda . 
 i thought you were dead . 
 both of you . '' 
 he shuddered and pulled her closer , against his broad chest . 
 `` if i 'd lost either of you ... '' the raw emotion in his voice warmed her . 
 she rested her head to his shoulder and crept one hand up to lay it against his chest . 
 `` we 're okay , '' she murmured . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about it . 
 the police will catch him . 
 guys like that never hide out for long . 
 they need trouble . 
 they go looking for it . '' 
 he titled her chin up and searched her eyes . 
 `` you sound like you 're speaking from past experience . '' 
 was she ? 
 she 'd spoken without thinking , yet the knowledge had been as innate as her ability to cook . 
 as if it had been ingrained over time , becoming something deeper than mere memory . 
 a fundamental truth that made up who she was . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said slowly . 
 `` i have this feeling that ... i was involved with bad people . 
 bad men who did nothing worthwhile with their lives . 
 and i guess ... that 's what i expect out of guys . '' 
 she half smiled . 
 `` except you . '' 
 he tensed . 
 his hands firmed against her waist-but only so he could lift her out of his lap and gently set her on the couch at his side . 
 he leaned forward to pick up the newspaper again . 
 of course . 
 of course , if she asked , he 'd say it was just that he wanted to finish the sports section . 
 not that , every time she said something he did n't like , he closed himself up inside a tiny shell and hid himself away where she could n't reach . 
 rebecca sighed . 
 `` please do n't do this again . 
 what is it now ? 
 what did i say wrong this time ? '' 
 `` you did n't say anything wrong . '' 
 he glanced at her , and relented with a small smile . 
 `` really , you did n't . 
 i 'm just keeping - '' '' - your distance . 
 yeah . 
 i know . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` but we were just talking . 
 it 's not like i was giving you a lap dance . 
 your virtue is safe . '' 
 his mouth pressed into a hard , irritated line . 
 `` it 's not my virtue i 'm protecting . '' 
 `` i do n't need protecting , damn it ! '' 
 even if right now , she felt so fragile she might crumble into pieces . 
 she pulled her knees up to her chest and hugged them close , as if she could compensate for the loss of his warm embrace . 
 it was n't helping . 
 `` what are you so afraid of ? 
 will you just tell me the truth ? '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 the heat of his hand pressed to her back , branding her through her shirt . 
 `` i 'm afraid you 'll leave me , '' he admitted , voice strained . 
 `` i 'm afraid of that moment when you 'll remember everything , and you 'll walk away from me . 
 i wo n't stop you , if you do . 
 that 's your choice . 
 but the thought alone scares the shit out of me . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 she stole a glance at him from the corner of her eye . 
 the wretched look on his face left an empty , painful feeling in her chest . 
 `` why would i leave you ? '' 
 `` i have n't given you much reason to stay . 
 i-i 'm not this great guy you seem to think i am . 
 i 'm just me . '' 
 `` i like ` just you . ' 
 why were you good enough before i lost my memory , but not now ? '' 
 tony 's hand stroked over her back with soothing strength , then withdrew . 
 he stood , rubbing the back of his neck . 
 `` because i was a different person before that . 
 after you were hurt , i came to some pretty ugly realizations about myself . '' 
 he looked at her . 
 `` i care about you , rebecca . 
 which is why i wo n't ruin your life by doing anything impulsive . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking for anything impulsive right now . 
 i got the signal loud and clear . '' 
 she bit the inside of her lower lip until it hurt , but it would n't stop her eyes from filling . 
 `` all i want is for you to stop running away if i dare to touch you . 
 is that too much to ask ? '' 
 his face fell . 
 `` no , sweetheart . 
 it 's not too much . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 this is entirely new ground for me , and i 'm fumbling more often than not . '' 
 she smiled weakly . 
 `` if you 're fumbling , maybe you should join the cowboys . '' 
 he laughed , and the stifling tension eased until rebecca could breathe again . 
 she uncurled herself from her ball and offered her hand . 
 `` just ... come hold me ? 
 that 's all i need . 
 i promise i wo n't try to get past first base . '' 
 `` you have no idea how twisted it is for me to be on this side of the conversation . '' 
 he sank down onto the couch again . 
 rather than take her hand , he looped an arm around her waist and tugged her roughly against his side . 
 with a murmur , he pressed his lips into her hair . 
 `` what have you done to me , woman ? '' 
 `` sure , blame it on me . '' 
 she tucked herself against him and pillowed her head on his chest . 
 she fit so perfectly into the crook of his arm , as if he 'd been made for her . 
 `` typical male . 
 like my sport . 
 root for my team . 
 take the blame . '' 
 `` i keep trying to tell you i 'm a jackass , and you wo n't listen . '' 
 `` i may be changing my mind . '' 
 he chuckled and rested his chin to the top of her head . 
 `` too late . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think you might even love me , rebecca chance . '' 
 you might be right , she thought and , closing her eyes , listened to the sound of his heartbeat . 
 she wondered if she 'd ever done this before . 
 if she 'd loved it as much then as she did now . 
 if she 'd relaxed into the rhythm of tony 's breaths , and wrapped herself up in this moment of heaven . 
 she almost did n't want her memories back . 
 not if they would ruin this . 
 she loved this tony . 
 her tony . 
 yet the guilt in his eyes , the fear , plagued her . 
 what had he done , that he was so certain she 'd leave him ? 
 and why was she afraid to find out ? 
 chapter eight angel rule # 8 : face your charge head-on . 
 do not fail . 
 rebecca stretched with a luxuriant yawn . 
 the crisp cotton sheets , warmed by body heat , slid against her naked skin . 
 mmm ... why was she naked , again ? 
 oh . 
 right . 
 tony . 
 stupid tony , sleeping on the couch again . 
 fully awake now , she opened her eyes and stared up at the ceiling . 
 morning sunlight filtered through the curtains in gentle shafts , painting shifting patterns on the ceiling . 
 she 'd woken up to this ceiling for seven days now . 
 and every day , she 'd woken up alone . 
 she 'd tried coaxing . 
 tried promising she 'd just wanted to snuggle . 
 she 'd even tried wearing him out with a game of clumsy , no-holds-barred touch football in the apartment complex 's side yard , then nudging him toward the bedroom when he was too tired to protest . 
 nothing had worked-including her most recent ploy . 
 sleeping naked , and hoping he was thinking with the little head below the waist . 
 if he touched her first , it was n't breaking her promise , right ? 
 it was embarrassing , really , how deeply she burned for him . 
 one hot glance , an easy curve of his sensuous lips , could send her nervous system into overdrive in a matter of seconds . 
 she had too much pride to throw herself at him again , but she could at least admit he made her want to . 
 more than just his sinful body and smoldering eyes , it was the way he treated her . 
 every day he lavished her with affection , attentive and warm . 
 he asked after her every need . 
 he prompted her gently with small reminders of her life , little things she might remember . 
 he treated her as if she and miranda were the only important things in his life , and with each passing hour she fell more and more in love with him . 
 but he refused to cross that line , and let her truly be with him . 
 refused to even try , even if the shock of pleasure might unlock another memory . 
 sex was such a deeply seated , intimate thing , so personal . 
 so unique to the two people involved . 
 even if they 'd never made love before , the way he 'd kissed her in the kitchen gave her good reason to believe they 'd gotten rather far in the past . 
 that sizzle of chemistry had felt so familiar-and if she found that intimacy with him again , that closeness that belonged to them and them alone , it could be just what she needed to shine a light into the darkened recesses of her mind . 
 rebecca sighed and flopped an arm across the empty side of the bed . 
 not just empty . 
 cold . 
 no , he had n't snuck in for even a moment . 
 the sheets were smooth and unrumpled . 
 again . 
 tony weis , gentleman extraordinaire , noble and chivalrous to the end . 
 fuck chivalry . 
 the moment she thought it , she winced . 
 cursing still gave her that maddening little twinge , and it drove her crazy not knowing why . 
 everything drove her crazy , lately . 
 her memory . 
 the fact that she should be out looking for a job to help tony with the expenses , not living on his charity . 
 the daily hospital visits to check the healing fracture in her skull . 
 the doctors treating her like she was made of glass , and very carefully avoiding the fact that she should have regained more than a few brief flashes of memory by now . 
 but if anything really drove her crazy , it was tony 's careful aloofness . 
 if something did n't happen soon , she 'd snap . 
 should n't tony be the one panting after her ? 
 men never turned down sex-but she 'd found the only one who would , even if it was for a good reason . 
 even if she knew she was being impatient , irrational , and taking her frustration out on him . 
 she pressed her flushed face into the cool pillow . 
 you know he 's keeping something from you . 
 something that might make you regret being with him . 
 and you know he 's right . 
 it 's better to wait . 
 it 's not like you to be so impulsive . 
 was n't it ? 
 damn it , she did n't know . 
 she groaned and slapped a hand to her face . 
 she had to get up . 
 get up , get dressed , make breakfast , and go spend another day with miranda . 
 she 'd promised the girl a trip to the park today , and if rebecca lingered in bed any longer she 'd be tempted to wrap herself up in the fading traces of tony 's scent and go right back to sleep . 
 if miranda would even let her . 
 she guessed she had five minutes before the little monster came barreling in with a mess of questions rebecca was n't awake enough to answer . 
 she smiled to herself . 
 miranda was such a brat , but rebecca could n't wholly blame tony for that . 
 she spoiled the girl just as much . 
 miranda had her wrapped around one chubby little finger , and rebecca did n't mind one bit . 
 whatever her life had been before , it could n't have been as lovely as this . 
 rebecca rolled out of bed , dressed , and slogged into the living room . 
 tony sat on the couch with miranda curled in his lap . 
 the tv blared gaudy music while a penguin and hippo sang on a pirate boat . 
 tony kissed the top of miranda 's head . 
 his lips moved soundlessly , and rebecca squinted . 
 was he mouthing the words to the song ? 
 yep . 
 that was definitely an arr . 
 `` all you 're missing is an eye patch and a peg leg , '' she said . 
 tony 's head jerked up . 
 a guilty flush darkened his face , but he grinned . 
 `` morning . '' 
 miranda perked and squealed . 
 `` becca ! '' 
 she raised her arms . 
 `` daddy , walk ! '' 
 tony loosened his grip , and miranda tumbled off the couch and straight into rebecca 's legs . 
 rebecca stumbled back and barely caught herself on the wall . 
 `` miranda ! '' 
 tony chided , voice rich with laughter . 
 `` rebecca just woke up . 
 it 's not fair to sack the quarterback before she 's had her morning coffee . '' 
 he eyed rebecca in amusement . 
 `` i think she 's a little too excited about the park . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' she said . 
 `` my legs are n't broken yet . 
 up you go , munchkin . '' 
 rebecca lifted miranda into her arms and carried her to the kitchen . 
 `` no park until breakfast , and i 'm guessing your father did n't cook . '' 
 miranda 's face scrunched up . 
 `` daddy 's a crappy cook . '' 
 `` miranda ! '' 
 rebecca choked back a laugh and tried to look stern . 
 `` where did you learn that word ? '' 
 `` guilty party here . '' 
 tony followed them into the kitchen and leaned against the counter with a regretful smile . 
 `` better than what she said when she dropped her doll the other day . '' 
 `` honestly , tony , you are the worst influence . '' 
 `` so bad i could even corrupt an angel . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` but i make a mean pot of coffee . '' 
 `` prove it , while i put some food in this little monster 's belly . '' 
 she set miranda on the counter and tickled her belly . 
 miranda giggled and clutched at her fingers . 
 `` how do pancakes sound ? 
 do monsters eat pancakes ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a monster ! '' 
 miranda proclaimed firmly , and lifted her chin . 
 `` i 'm an angel . 
 just like you , becca . '' 
 rebecca stared at her . 
 she felt as if her chest would burst , and she could n't stop the silly smile that spread across her face . 
 `` yes , you are , sweetheart . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around the girl and gathered her close . 
 `` my little angel . '' 
 `` you 're both my angels . '' 
 tony dropped a kiss into rebecca 's hair , and lingered with a hand against the small of her back . 
 rebecca looked up at him . 
 that sense of rightness struck her again . 
 this moment was perfect : miranda in her arms , tony hovering over them both . 
 tony 's gaze met hers . 
 his lips parted , and uncertainty flickered across his face . 
 he started to dip his head toward her . 
 she swayed closer , and he froze . 
 the pure torment in his eyes was only visible for a second , but it was enough to send a quiver of heartache through rebecca . 
 he pulled away . 
 `` coffee , '' he said . 
 `` and the park . 
 we 'd better get there before the dog-walkers and nannies take over . '' 
 rebecca followed his every move as he hovered over the coffee pot like a vulture . 
 his hands shook , and he nearly spilled coffee grounds all over the counter . 
 he looked so guilty , and for no good reason . 
 she 'd been so certain he was about to kiss her , and then he 'd pulled away . 
 was it too hard to even give her a good-morning kiss ? 
 did he really think , when she 'd regained her memory , that she 'd leave him over just one kiss-or was it something more sinister ? 
 why did it feel like he was punishing himself for something he 'd done in the past ? 
 `` becca ? '' 
 miranda tugged her shirt . 
 `` hungry . '' 
 rebecca forced her gaze away from tony and turned a wan smile on miranda . 
 `` right . 
 let 's get you something to eat . '' 
 ... after breakfast , rebecca stepped out into the hot summer sun with miranda 's hand curled in hers . 
 tony held miranda 's other hand , letting go only to lock the door behind him . 
 he kept his eyes studiously anywhere but on rebecca . 
 an empty feeling sank into the pit of her stomach , slowing her steps . 
 tony had barely spoken a word to her all throughout breakfast , and his bright smile now just hurt even more . 
 `` i thought we 'd stop by the toy store on the way , '' he said . 
 `` toy store ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you were walking out of the toy store with miranda when that guy shot you . 
 i thought maybe , if you went back ... '' he tilted his head , his forced smile growing tighter . 
 `` you might remember something . '' 
 `` oh , '' rebecca said , and made herself smile for miranda 's sake . 
 `` sure . 
 great idea . 
 you want to go to the toy store , munchkin ? '' 
 `` can santa give me another lollipop ? '' 
 could what ? 
 `` whatever you say , kiddo . '' 
 rebecca and tony spoke not a word to each other as they headed down the sidewalk . 
 miranda filled in more than enough for both of them , bubbling over with questions and observations and random laughter-but even she fell silent after several blocks of distracted smiles and murmurs , subdued by the weighty tension that fouled the lovely morning . 
 rebecca searched for any sense of familiarity in the passing houses , stores , signs . 
 anything that said she 'd walked this way before . 
 miranda had probably been just as bright on that day , bursting with curiosity and enthusiasm . 
 had rebecca laughed with her ? 
 had she held her hand just like this ? 
 she still did n't know . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 tony 's voice broke the stillness . 
 they stopped in the small lot outside a mid-sized toy store . 
 the brightly colored sign was as unfamiliar to rebecca as the whitewashed , weathered brick walls . 
 she tried to picture herself opening the front door and walking in with miranda in tow , but it was like watching a movie about a stranger . 
 nothing . 
 her gaze lingered on the window display , a massive bin filled with colorful plastic balls . 
 something prickled at her , something that told her this should be her aha ! 
 moment , but she was still entirely lost . 
 maybe she would be stuck like this forever . 
 inside , miranda broke away from them and ran straight for the ball bin . 
 tony followed and retrieved a ball from the window display . 
 he wound up and pitched it to miranda ; she jumped to catch it and nearly tumbled to the floor , giggling . 
 `` becca , catch ! '' 
 she flung the ball at rebecca . 
 rebecca caught it , laughed , and hugged it against her chest . 
 `` my ball now . 
 you 're not getting it back . '' '' 
 ` beeeccaaa ! '' 
 miranda crowded around her legs , reaching up with a whimper . 
 `` my ball ! '' 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 relenting , rebecca crouched down and set the ball in miranda 's little hands . 
 `` your ball . 
 but you have to promise to let me play with it sometimes . '' 
 `` promise ! '' 
 miranda nodded and beamed . 
 tony touched rebecca 's shoulder . 
 she glanced back , looking up at him . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 he asked , his voice strained . 
 dread etched his face , and it only rattled her nerves more . 
 she stood and took his hand . 
 he held her so tightly his knuckles turned white , but she 'd rather have the comfort of his touch than none at all . 
 what was he so afraid of ? 
 what kind of horrible memories had she made in this store ? 
 `` i do n't remember anything , '' she said . 
 he let out a breath and nodded . 
 `` then let 's get out of here . '' 
 rebecca took miranda 's hand and followed tony to the line at the register . 
 a portly man with a thick white beard worked the register . 
 rebecca frowned . 
 she thought he looked familiar . 
 his name was dennis or dave or - doug . 
 - maybe dwayne , but she was sure she - his name is doug ; he looks like santa claus ; his nametag says doug . 
 - had ... had seen him before , somewhere ... somewhere recently . 
 `` afternoon , ladies . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` just this , please . '' 
 `` here you go , young miss . 
 ah-but wait just a moment . 
 ah ! 
 here we go . 
 and it even matches your ball . '' 
 `` okay , munchkin . 
 but do n't tell your father . '' 
 `` i wo n't ! '' 
 `` you have a beautiful daughter , ma'am . '' 
 rebecca 's vision cleared , and she crashed back into reality . 
 she gripped the checkout counter so tightly her hands ached . 
 tony loomed over her , his face pale . 
 past the roaring in her ears , she vaguely realized he was calling her name frantically . 
 she stared at him . 
 `` what do you remember ? '' 
 he gripped her shoulders , looking down at her with haunted eyes . 
 `` nothing , '' she croaked , and cleared her throat . 
 `` it ... it was nothing . '' 
 `` it did n't look like nothing . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` you looked pretty damn upset for nothing . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 everything 's okay . '' 
 `` no , '' he murmured . 
 `` it 's really not . 
 what did you remember ? '' 
 his grasp tightened . 
 `` please , rebecca . '' 
 she closed her eyes and took a deep breath . 
 `` i saw that man before . 
 the cashier . 
 we were right here , and he gave miranda a purple lollipop . 
 she had a purple ball , so he gave her a purple lollipop . '' 
 it was getting harder to breathe . 
 `` he called miranda my daughter . 
 and it upset me , because she was n't . 
 because for some reason ... for some reason i could n't have a daughter . 
 because i was doing something else , something in my life ... '' she shuddered . 
 why had she been so upset ? 
 what in her life had kept her from considering children in her future ? 
 was she barren ? 
 and had tony meant to leave her because of it ? 
 her eyes widened , and she stared up into his concerned face . 
 he 'd wanted her out , before the accident . 
 before he 'd felt obligated to look after her , and maybe even come to reconsider his feelings for her . 
 it made sense . 
 he 'd probably wanted a woman who could give miranda siblings , and build a new , stronger family unit after ... after what ? 
 something had happened to take miranda 's mother away . 
 something bad . 
 something that made tony unwilling to commit again . 
 the knowledge was so close she could taste it . 
 it was all tied up in this-why tony would n't touch her , what he was hiding , his consuming guilt . 
 `` this is what you did n't want me to remember . '' 
 she shook free of his grip . 
 `` i ca n't have kids . 
 or i did n't want to . 
 which one is it ? '' 
 he clenched his jaw . 
 `` you can . 
 of course you can . 
 at least , as far as i know . '' 
 `` maybe you did n't know . '' 
 she leaned hard against the counter . 
 `` maybe i kept it a secret . '' 
 `` i doubt it . 
 you ca n't come to those kinds of conclusions just from a few fragments of memory , honey . '' 
 he pulled her away from the counter and into his arms . 
 his embrace was fierce , almost too tight . 
 a moment later she felt miranda pressing against her leg and clinging tight . 
 tony kissed rebecca 's hair . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go home . 
 we 'll talk later . '' 
 tony kept himself between rebecca and doug as he bought miranda 's ball , then ushered them both from the store . 
 on the walk home , miranda clutched at her ball as if terrified to let go . 
 rebecca could n't help but feel tony held her the same way , with his arm around her shoulder and his body brushing hip to hip . 
 as if , should he let her go , she 'd disappear forever . 
 once inside , miranda ran off to play with her new toy . 
 rebecca turned to tony-but he was already pulling away from her , his expression set in stone . 
 her heart sank . 
 `` tony ? '' 
 she caught his arm . 
 `` will you just tell me what 's going on ? 
 you 're scaring me . '' 
 his arm was tense in her grip , rock-hard . 
 `` i 'm scaring myself , '' he muttered . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she made herself let go . 
 he obviously did n't want her touch , and she would n't force herself on him anymore . 
 `` you do n't make sense . 
 you keep trying to help me remember , but then you seem ... you seem afraid i will . 
 i do n't get it . 
 do n't you want me to remember our life together ? '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of what you 'll remember . 
 i 'm afraid of what you 'll do when you do . '' 
 `` what will i do ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 she took both his arms and dragged him around to face her . 
 `` tony , tell me ! '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he looked down at her with something like dread . 
 yet his touch was gentle when he tucked a lock of hair behind her ear . 
 `` leave me . 
 i ca n't explain it . 
 i 've never been good with things like this ... and i 've never felt like this before . 
 like if you left me , i. . . 
 i 'd cease to exist . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you made me believe again , rebecca . '' 
 `` believe ? 
 in what ? '' 
 `` in you . 
 in life . '' 
 `` tony , '' she breathed . 
 her eyes stung with tears . 
 `` i ca n't remember how we were before . 
 but i ca n't think i 'd ever leave you . 
 not if it felt anything like this . '' 
 `` it did n't . 
 that 's the problem . '' 
 suddenly his arms were around her , dragging her close . 
 he pressed his mouth into her hair , his words muffled . 
 `` i did n't always feel this way . 
 i was kind of a jerk when we met . '' 
 `` i thought you were a jackass . '' 
 his chuckle was ragged , pained . 
 `` that , too . 
 you did n't like me very much . '' 
 `` i still went out with you . '' 
 she rested her forehead to his chest . 
 `` maybe you got better on the second date . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 there was an odd note in his voice , and beneath her hands his body tensed again . 
 `` the second date . 
 of course . '' 
 rebecca went cold . 
 he was lying to her again . 
 she did n't need her memory to know that . 
 she could feel it in every line of him , in every halting word , in her own unease . 
 he 'd been lying to her from the start , and she was sick of it . 
 she only allowed herself a second to feel bad over his stricken expression before she thrust back from his embrace . 
 folding her arms over her chest , she glared at him . 
 `` i 'm not buying it , '' she said . 
 `` start talking . 
 now . '' 
 chapter nine angel rule # 9 : do n't push your charge too hard , or you might get a negative response . 
 tony stared at rebecca . 
 he did n't know what to say . 
 what could he say ? 
 he could n't even hope to make sense of his own jumbled emotions , let alone explain them to her . 
 he could n't even tell her he loved her . 
 not when she 'd remember later , and only look at him with pity for being stupid enough to love an angel . 
 why could n't she love him ? 
 he just needed one chance . 
 one chance to prove he could make her happy . 
 even with his dismal track record of failure , he knew this one chance was all he needed . 
 but she knew him-or she would , when her memory returned . 
 she knew his life had been a string of disasters . 
 why would she take a chance on him ? 
 why would anyone ? 
 he reached out to take rebecca 's hands , gently coaxing her arms into unfolding so he could lead her to sit on the sofa with him . 
 his thumbs stroked over her knuckles , and he searched her eyes , only hoping she would understand . 
 he could n't tell her the whole truth . 
 not yet . 
 but he had to do something , or he 'd go insane . 
 `` my first wife left me , '' he began . 
 `` i-you know this already , but you do n't remember . 
 i was bitter . 
 i 'd been living in denial , refusing to accept that i was n't really hurting that jane left me . 
 i was relieved , but i did n't want to be . 
 i wanted to be hurt and angry , and i 'd convinced myself i was wronged and she 'd been the unreasonable one . '' 
 confusion clouded rebecca 's eyes . 
 `` but she left miranda , too . 
 how could anyone leave their own daughter ? '' 
 `` when i drove her away ? '' 
 tony felt like his chest was cracking open . 
 `` i wo n't ever forgive her for abandoning miranda . 
 but i did n't make things easy on her . 
 i was an ass ** le , and i took her for granted . 
 i stopped telling her i loved her . 
 most of the time , when i tried to talk to her , i ended up making demands . 
 i - '' he almost could n't get the words out , and he could n't look at rebecca when he said them . 
 `` i 'm not sure i ever really loved her . '' 
 `` then why were you with her ? '' 
 `` i had to do the right thing . 
 she got pregnant , with miranda . '' 
 he glanced down the hall . 
 even now , miranda 's laughter twisted his heart into knots . 
 he could hear her ball bouncing off the walls of her room . 
 `` i could n't leave miranda without a father . 
 and when jane left , i was all miranda had . 
 i told myself i missed jane , but i was just feeling sorry for myself . 
 and i took it out on you , when we met . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he winced at the flat tone in her voice . 
 `` it was wrong . 
 i know it . 
 i 'd just ... given up on life . 
 on myself . '' 
 `` tony . '' 
 she squeezed his hands . 
 her own were so warm , so smooth and soft . 
 `` you ca n't do that . 
 when you give up on life , it 's like giving up on breathing . 
 you 'd just be a shell . '' 
 it was so close to what she 'd said before . 
 you should n't lose faith . 
 it 's like losing air . 
 you 'll die without it . 
 yet this time her eyes shone with conviction . 
 with belief . 
 that hollow , mechanical recitation was gone . 
 what had changed her ? 
 and what had changed tony , that he shared her conviction ? 
 he knew the answer . 
 rebecca had changed him . 
 rebecca had given him hope . 
 rebecca had given him faith , because he needed to have faith . 
 faith that she could love him . 
 faith that she would stay with him , if only he had a chance . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` i know that now . 
 when i first met you , i did n't . '' 
 `` that 's why you 've been acting so strangely ? 
 because you were afraid you 'd drive me away , just like jane ? '' 
 just like jane . 
 he had n't made that connection , not really . 
 even admitting that he 'd thrust jane away , he had n't thought that he was so terrified of doing exactly the same thing to rebecca . 
 terrified she 'd be another jane . 
 his lips felt wooden . 
 he forced them to move . 
 `` yes . '' 
 rebecca pulled her hand free from his so she could cup his cheek . 
 with a soft touch , she guided him to meet her smiling eyes . 
 `` i 'm not jane , '' she said . 
 `` and you are n't the same tony who hurt her . '' 
 `` i hope not . 
 i hope i 'm better . 
 i want to be better for you , rebecca . 
 you changed me . '' 
 her answer came not in words , but in the soft touch of her lips . 
 she pressed her warm , supple body against him , and brushed her lips over his . 
 the merest taste of her was enough to set him alight , burning . 
 he groaned in despair and jerked back . 
 `` rebecca , i ca n't , '' he pleaded . 
 she just looked at him . 
 so hurt . 
 so confused . 
 it was written into every sweet line of her face , clear in the knit of her brows . 
 damn it . 
 even when trying to protect her , all he did was make things worse . 
 maybe he should tell her the truth . 
 maybe she needed to know who she really was , so she could leave him and move on with her life . 
 claim her wings . 
 would it be so selfish to wish she 'd never remember ? 
 they could live as friends , like this . 
 he 'd never let himself touch her , no matter how he craved . 
 it was better than losing her completely . 
 but he 'd be denying her something she 'd worked so hard for . 
 he 'd be taking over her life , and taking away the most important thing in that life . 
 he 'd be a monster if he did that . 
 the silence stretched between them-his guilty , hers increasingly angry . 
 finally she snorted and pulled away from him . 
 `` right . 
 you ca n't . 
 i remember that much , at least . 
 am i really that disgusting ? '' 
 `` it 's for your own good . '' 
 he dropped his hands to his lap , helpless . 
 `` you 'll thank me later . 
 you will . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' she said , and thrust herself to her feet . 
 he watched her retreating back , the tight set of her shoulders , the angry stiffness to her steps . 
 but he did n't call her back . 
 he could n't even move until she was out of sight . 
 muttering , he sank down against the couch and flopped an arm over his eyes . 
 he wanted to scream . 
 instead , he thought , he 'd make dinner . 
 chicken parmesan . 
 maybe he 'd take his frustrations out with the meat tenderizer . 
 that chicken would n't know what hit it . 
 ... rebecca sank against the couch cushions and discreetly loosened the top button of her jeans . 
 she 'd eaten too much at dinner , but tony had made a chicken parmesan so tender it melted in her mouth , and she could n't resist a second helping . 
 maybe she 'd been stalling , too . 
 trying to drag dinner out , with miranda as a buffer between them . 
 even with the girl there to distract her , rebecca had been thinking too much . 
 and she did n't like what she was thinking . 
 she glanced down the hall . 
 tony was in miranda 's room , putting her to bed . 
 she could hear the faint murmur of his voice , spooling out a bedtime story . 
 he loved his daughter so much . 
 his daughter . 
 not rebecca 's . 
 for some reason , some reason she could n't remember , children were never meant to be a part of her life . 
 she 'd had some other purpose . 
 something that made her personal life very complicated . 
 it still bothered her that she cared so much . 
 her personality , she thought , should n't have changed . 
 and as far as she knew , she was definitely not the type to buy into the modular unit of the corporate husband , stay-at-home wife , and two-point-five kids . 
 this ache , this desire for a family , had something to do with miranda and tony , and with who rebecca really was . 
 all the puzzle pieces were there . 
 but she could n't fit them together , though she had an idea that tony knew exactly where each piece went . 
 he was hiding something big . 
 more than his confession about jane . 
 that should have been cathartic for him , and should have given him relief . 
 yet he 'd only been more tense , more furtive . 
 rebecca could n't handle being lied to , no matter how good his intentions . 
 fragments of memory painted pictures of a life of desperation and despair . 
 an aching need to belong somewhere . 
 a fierce sense of betrayal . 
 and she would n't accept more betrayal from tony . 
 not when his strange behavior made her doubt his every word . 
 was he using her for personal reasons ? 
 or was he really just trying to protect her in his own awkward , stupid way ? 
 what did she need protecting from , that he 'd break her trust and lie to her ? 
 was this secret so terrible that it was worth the torment he put them through ? 
 she glanced up as tony appeared in the archway of the hall . 
 he looked exhausted , worn ragged . 
 `` she 's down for the night . 
 she said to tell her angel good night . '' 
 rebecca smiled faintly . 
 `` i still do n't understand why she calls me that . '' 
 tony shrugged . 
 `` would you like some wine before bed ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll help . '' 
 she followed him into the kitchen . 
 his movements were jerky and uneven . 
 damn it , she could n't take this anymore . 
 something deep down inside her broke . 
 what if this was her last chance to touch him ? 
 to know him ? 
 what if , even when she regained her memory , she 'd never be able to get through to him ? 
 `` tony . '' 
 she clenched her fists and slipped around the counter , toward him . 
 he paused , fingers on the cork of a bottle of sauvignon . 
 he watched her from the corner of his eye . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i know i promised . '' 
 god , she was shaking . 
 this should n't be so hard . 
 `` but i ca n't keep that promise . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i love you . 
 i need you . '' 
 she wound her hands in the front of his shirt and pulled him closer . 
 she distantly heard the wine bottle thud onto the counter . 
 `` i need you to love me , too . '' 
 she rose up on her toes and kissed him-wildly , fiercely , with all the longing that had built up over the past week . 
 his mouth went slack against hers , and she seized the chance to explore him , taste him , stroking deep . 
 she relaxed her grip on his shirt and smoothed her hands down his chest until she found the waist of his slacks . 
 her fingers feathered lower and found him hard and ready . 
 with a low moan she gripped him , kneading , and arched to press herself against the hard , heated solidity of his body . 
 for a few blissful moments , his tongue teased her . 
 he traced her lips until they tingled , and she gasped and sank into the burning depths of his mouth . 
 but then he tore away , gasping for air and gripping her arms . 
 `` rebecca ! '' 
 `` please do n't push me away anymore . '' 
 she kissed him again , but he tore back . 
 her lips trailed down his neck . 
 she nibbled gently at the base of his throat . 
 he groaned , and she licked the little bite-mark , tasting the salt of his skin . 
 `` love me , '' she whispered . 
 `` no , '' he moaned , even as his eyes sank closed . 
 he caught himself and straightened . 
 he carefully pushed her to arms ' length . 
 `` no ! 
 i ca n't ! '' 
 `` damn it . '' 
 rebecca dragged her hair back out of her face and jerked free of his hands . 
 she slumped onto a barstool and dropped her burning face against her folded arms . 
 she was ready to cry , her throat thick and clogged . 
 why was she doing this to herself ? 
 why was she just throwing herself at the man and humiliating herself ? 
 `` i 'm so - '' `` do n't say it . 
 i know , '' she mumbled against her forearm . 
 `` you 're sorry . 
 you ca n't . 
 you want to , but you ca n't . 
 i 'll regret it later . 
 we 've never been together before , and you want to wait . '' 
 exhaling heavily , she pushed herself up . 
 `` i do n't care about before . 
 i might never be that rebecca again . 
 but this rebecca wants you , tony . 
 this rebecca loves you . 
 why is that so wrong ? '' 
 `` it just is . '' 
 the pain in his eyes made her shrivel with guilt . 
 but he made her feel so unwanted , so unloved . 
 like she was a burden forced on him , not a lover or even a girlfriend . 
 again she felt as if everything was right there in front of her face , but she was missing the one thing she needed to tie it all together . 
 `` why ? '' 
 her voice broke . 
 `` tell me why it 's wrong . 
 i just need to understand . 
 please . '' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 `` damn it , tony , you 're torturing me ! '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing ! 
 i never wanted to be a hero , okay ? '' 
 his fist slammed down on the counter . 
 `` i 'm no good at it . 
 i 'm no good at being needed . 
 at protecting someone . 
 but i 'm trying to be and you just keep ... keep pushing me , when i ca n't ! 
 i ca n't touch you . 
 i wo n't . 
 so stop pressuring me and just leave me alone . '' 
 rebecca rocked back . 
 her heart crumbled into cold little fragments . 
 tears blurred her vision . 
 she stumbled off the barstool . 
 `` oh . 
 i see . '' 
 she turned away . 
 he caught her arm . 
 `` rebecca , wait ! '' 
 `` let go ! '' 
 she ripped her arm free and glared at him . 
 `` i get it , okay ? 
 i get it . 
 you do n't want me . 
 or maybe you do but you 've got some-some sick thing going on in your head , and you want to make me another jane . 
 i do n't know . 
 i ca n't know when every time we have this conversation , you change your story . 
 but i 'll stop being your problem . 
 you do n't have to be my hero when i never asked you to . '' 
 `` rebecca ! '' 
 she bolted into the living room with his voice on her heels . 
 through a haze of tears , she shoved her feet into her sandals . 
 she 'd just go . 
 she had enough change in her pocket to take the bus , and maybe someone at the hospital could point her to a good rehabilitation house for unwanted amnesiacs . 
 she could n't stay here anymore . 
 she turned to stalk toward the bedroom , but tony blocked her way . 
 his body filled the narrow hall . 
 `` please . 
 let me explain . '' 
 she glared up at him mutinously . 
 `` you 've explained more than enough . 
 actions speak louder than words , and i get a much clearer message from your actions . '' 
 she shoved his chest . 
 `` now move . '' 
 he flinched , but remained steady . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 his jaw tightened . 
 `` no . 
 i wo n't let you run because of my stupidity . 
 i 'll tell you the truth . 
 the whole truth . 
 but you have to promise you 'll believe me . '' 
 `` like i believed every other lie you 've told me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not lying ! '' 
 he swore and ran his hand through his hair , gripping handfuls . 
 `` i 've just been ... avoiding something . 
 something pretty big . 
 something that 'll be hard for you to believe . '' 
 rebecca narrowed her eyes . 
 `` stop trying to protect me . 
 i 'm not a child . '' 
 `` no , but you are a - '' he sighed . 
 `` i ca n't even say it . '' 
 `` what am i ? '' 
 she flung a hand out . 
 `` a druggie ? 
 a charity case ? 
 what am i that makes me so unfit to be worthy of your love ? '' 
 `` you are n't the one who 's unfit . '' 
 he sagged . 
 defeat was an almost visible weight on his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm not fit for you , rebecca . '' 
 `` you 've said that before . 
 but then you act like i 'm contaminated if i touch you . 
 you act like you do n't want me here . '' 
 `` i do . 
 i want you here too much . 
 more than i should . '' 
 `` you are n't making any sense , tony . 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 `` i want you to be happy . 
 and ... and being happy may mean walking away from me . 
 i 'm having more trouble dealing with that than i thought i would . '' 
 he sank down on the couch , moving heavily . 
 rebecca watched him . 
 frustration ate at her-frustration and fear . 
 what was she , that he could n't even stand to tell her ? 
 `` you 're just confusing me even more . '' 
 tony took a deep breath . 
 stark terror colored his eyes , until he looked away from her . 
 `` stay calm . 
 no matter what i say , please , stay calm . 
 i am not crazy . 
 neither are you . '' 
 rebecca 's stomach lurched . 
 she sat down to perch on the very edge of the couch . 
 `` now you 're just scaring me . '' 
 `` i 'm trying not to . '' 
 `` then spit it out before i kick your ass . '' 
 he smiled without humor . 
 `` there you go again . 
 maybe i 've already failed . '' 
 `` i wo n't know until i know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` i 'm getting there . 
 i really am . '' 
 tony rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` i 'm just so afraid of losing you . 
 and after this , i know i will . 
 i 've been trying so hard to figure out how to make you choose me , but i ca n't . 
 i ca n't make you do anything , so i have to let you go and figure out how to pick up my life without you . 
 it 's a hard prospect to face , but i ca n't lie anymore . 
 if you ca n't remember what you are ... '' `` stop talking about me like i 'm some kind of alien species ! '' 
 the tears were burning again , and she clenched her fists . 
 `` you keep saying ` what i am . ' 
 like i 'm a freak . 
 like i 'm sick , or crazy . 
 like i 'm abnormal . '' 
 he flinched . '' 
 ... i hurt you once by calling you just that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 no answer . 
 she could n't stop shaking . 
 her fear built into a smothering thing that stole her breath . 
 `` tony , why am i abnormal ? '' 
 `` because , '' he said , and god , he sounded like a man facing the hangman 's noose . 
 `` you 're an - '' a knock rattled the door . 
 rebecca jumped . 
 tony 's eyes darted to the door , and a guilty flush reddened his face . 
 he stood . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 she reached for his hand . 
 `` do n't answer it . 
 tell me . '' 
 the knock came again , shaking the door in its frame , the sound harsh and judgmental . 
 tony paled . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he drew out of her reach and headed for the door . 
 `` coward , '' she said . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he gave her a sharp look and reached for the doorknob . 
 `` do n't even . 
 you do n't know - '' he stopped , staring through the doorway . 
 he began to shake . 
 rebecca stood . 
 unease made her queasy . 
 `` tony ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` hello , anthony , '' a woman 's voice said , and rebecca 's unease turned into sick horror . 
 tony swore . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 chapter ten angel rule # 10 : do n't just plan for the worst . 
 plan to fix the worst . 
 tony stared at sally . 
 he thought he would throw up . 
 it was too soon , damn it . 
 he 'd been so close to telling rebecca . 
 so close to doing the right thing , to making sure she understood why she could n't keep wanting him this way . 
 but now sally was going to ruin it all , and destroy his only chance with the woman he loved . 
 no . 
 hell no . 
 he could n't let that happen yet . 
 he was n't going down before he 'd ever really had a chance . 
 he stole a glance over his shoulder at rebecca 's stricken face . 
 `` be right back , '' he muttered , then stepped outside , using his body to push sally back so he could close the door . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` i 've come to check on rebecca . 
 it 's been nearly two weeks since we last spoke . 
 has she remembered what she is yet ? '' 
 sally regarded him with cool interest . 
 `` no . 
 she 's only remembered a few minor things . 
 nothing of significance . 
 and before you accuse me of anything - '' he raised a hand . 
 `` i took her to the scene of the accident today . 
 she remembered feeling upset because the clerk called her miranda 's mother . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` ah . 
 i see . '' 
 her lingering gaze made him flush . 
 what must she see in his thoughts ? 
 probably more than he 'd be comfortable with . 
 `` i 've come to speak with her , '' sally said . 
 tony 's stomach dropped out , and his throat constricted . 
 `` you ca n't , '' he said , and shook his head . 
 `` she 'll leave me . 
 you said i 'd have a chance ! 
 i just need more time to tell her - '' `` you 've had two weeks . 
 clearly your tender care has n't been enough to restore her memories . 
 it 's time for me to step in , before you do any more damage with this misguided attempt at love . '' 
 tony scowled . 
 `` misguided ? 
 you do n't know what i think , or feel . 
 you have no right to tell me my feelings are misguided . '' 
 yet the look she turned on him said she knew exactly what he thought . 
 exactly what he felt . 
 and exactly what she thought about it , and what she intended to do . 
 `` you ca n't . 
 you ca n't just decide her life this way ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` is n't that exactly what you tried to do ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 tony ran a hand down his face . 
 `` i may have let her believe - '' `` lied to her , you mean . 
 let 's not sugarcoat this . '' 
 `` i may have allowed her to draw her own conclusions . '' 
 tony exhaled slowly and tried to calm himself . 
 sally made him feel dirty , like a complete bastard , but he could n't fly off the handle . 
 `` i was trying to protect her . 
 to keep her safe . 
 i ca n't be faulted for having feelings for her . 
 i 'm only human . '' 
 `` yes , you are . 
 but she is n't meant to be . '' 
 tony glowered at sally . 
 so much for angels being nice . 
 wrath of god did n't even begin to cover it . 
 was she enjoying this ? 
 was she enjoying terrifying him with the mere thought of life without rebecca ? 
 `` no , '' sally said . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 and i 'm not so cruel as you thi - '' her icy composure broke into a look of sheer mortification , shortly replaced by concern . 
 she stared over tony 's shoulder . 
 tony frowned . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 `` oh , '' sally said . 
 `` oh , rebecca ... i 'm so sorry . '' 
 rebecca . 
 tony 's palms were slick with sweat . 
 he swallowed heavily . 
 if he turned around , she 'd be there . 
 looking at him . 
 hating him . 
 he turned slowly . 
 he felt like he was facing the firing squad . 
 the door stood open . 
 rebecca watched him , her face pale . 
 she knew . 
 it was there in her eyes : that snapping awareness , and that searching stare that said she remembered every last fight , every embrace , every kiss they 'd ever shared . 
 and she hated him for it . 
 tears streaked down her cheeks , but it was n't the tears that made him sag against the wall . 
 it was the look of utter betrayal , stabbing into him and twisting deep . 
 he 'd done this to her . 
 he 'd concealed the truth from her . 
 tried to shelter her from the very thing she 'd needed . 
 and he 'd lost her after all . 
 ... rebecca stared at tony . 
 he 'd lied to her . 
 tricked her . 
 he 'd kept her here , and let her believe she 'd cared for him . 
 let her believe she loved him . 
 how could he ? 
 how could he do that to her ? 
 `` rebecca , '' he said . 
 `` listen to me , please . '' 
 his voice cracked with desperation . 
 he reached for her , but she jerked out of his grasp . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but i never meant to - '' `` i do n't want to hear it ! '' 
 did he think she would just smile , nod , and forgive him like a good little angel ? 
 no way in hell . 
 not this angel . 
 `` why should i listen to you ? '' 
 she spat . 
 `` so you could lie to me again ? '' 
 the pain felt like it would rip her apart , and not even her anger could hold her together . 
 she wanted to curl up and hide somewhere dark and quiet , where no angel or man could ever find her . 
 tony had taken advantage of her . 
 betrayed her . 
 she was lucky she had n't ended up another notch on his bedpost . 
 she 'd been so stupid . 
 she 'd fallen for his game , and thrown herself at him at every turn . 
 another day or two and he 'd probably have reeled her in , hook line and sinker . 
 after all , how many men could list an angel among their conquests ? 
 `` it 's not like that , '' tony protested . 
 he reached for her hand , but she snatched it back . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 she shoved him away . 
 it felt too good to see him stumble , and watch the hurt flash across his face . 
 bastard . 
 `` do n't you ever touch me again . '' 
 he blanched . 
 quite a performance . 
 `` you have to understand ! 
 i was trying to - '' `` i know what you were trying to do . 
 were you going to get me to do a little scarf dance for you ? 
 maybe strut on the catwalk and wave my fake wings around ? 
 which fantasy were you hoping to try out first ? '' 
 `` i was n't hoping to try out any fantasies ! '' 
 he stared at her , his bright green eyes pleading . 
 she hated that even now , those eyes had the power to cut her so deeply . 
 `` look , i was a dick . 
 i 'm a guy . 
 i do n't exactly think with my brain all the time . 
 but i was n't trying to get you in bed . 
 if i had n't told you we 'd lived together , you 'd have had nowhere to go . 
 no home , no family . 
 nowhere you belonged , until you could heal and go back to your duty as an angel . 
 anything that happened between us was - '' `` an accident ? '' 
 rebecca snorted . 
 `` so lying to me was accidental ? '' 
 `` i was n't going to - '' `` i saved your daughter 's life , tony . 
 i was injured . 
 vulnerable . 
 i 'd forgotten everything , and you took advantage of that ! 
 you made me think i had some sort of meaningful relationship with you ! '' 
 her anger would n't let her stop . 
 it poured out of her in a violent torrent . 
 `` you led me on , stringing me along like some marionette this whole time . 
 you 've always wanted me to want you , and it burned you that you could n't have me . 
 so i bet this made it perfect for you . 
 i bet you loved watching me scramble after you . 
 your arrogance is unbelievable . 
 you 're disgusting . '' 
 he opened his mouth , but no words came out . 
 he looked away-at sally , at the wall-as if searching for answers there . 
 `` i wanted to protect you , '' he said slowly . 
 `` you would n't have believed me if i 'd told you what you are . 
 just like i did n't believe you . '' 
 `` you could 've tried ! '' 
 rebecca cried . 
 she could n't see through the haze of tears , and she swiped at her eyes clumsily . 
 `` you could have had a little faith and told me the truth , instead of lying to me . 
 you let me believe i loved you , and that maybe you 'd grow to love me . 
 how could you ? '' 
 his shoulders drooped . 
 `` not maybe , '' he whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his fists clenched until his knuckles strained against his tanned skin . 
 `` not maybe . 
 i love you . 
 i did n't plan to , but i do . 
 that 's why i could n't let you go . 
 not after you saved miranda , and i owed you so much . 
 and that ... that 's why i could n't bring myself to ruin you . '' 
 rebecca stared at him . 
 he loved her ? 
 a cold shock went through her . 
 he loved her . 
 if she still had the ability to look into his mind , into his heart , would she see the truth there ? 
 no . 
 of course she would n't . 
 and she would n't make the mistake of believing him twice , no matter how her heart ached with longing . 
 how stupid could she get ? 
 `` nice try , '' she said . 
 `` but do n't embarrass yourself . 
 the only person you love is yourself . 
 why do n't you just admit that that 's why jane really left you ? '' 
 sally inhaled sharply . 
 `` rebecca , your temper . 
 there 's no need to be unnecessarily - '' `` no . '' 
 rebecca watched tony unblinkingly . 
 his head hung low , his eyes on the floor , so empty . 
 `` i want to hear his excuse this time . 
 i want to hear the lie i almost destroyed my life for . '' 
 tony shook his head . 
 `` there 's no lie . 
 there 's nothing i can say . '' 
 `` at least you know to quit when you 're ahead . '' 
 the words tasted foul and ugly in rebecca 's mouth . 
 `` i wish i 'd never met you . 
 i wish i 'd never tried to save you . 
 you were right . 
 there 's nothing worth saving here . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' tony whispered . 
 was he faking the tears , too ? 
 just to make her chest twist and tighten that way ? 
 `` i 'm not worth saving . 
 i 'm sorry , rebecca . 
 i 'm sorry i was too selfish to let you go . '' 
 rebecca faltered and retreated a step . 
 the pain in his voice was too real . 
 the regret . 
 she jerked her gaze away and turned her back on him . 
 she could n't stand to look at him . 
 `` i do n't want to hear anymore . 
 i 'm leaving . 
 good-bye , tony . '' 
 `` rebecca ! '' 
 she ran down the hallway with the sound of her name chasing on her heels , nearly drowned by the noise of her own broken sobs . 
 ... she was gone . 
 tony watched the door to the stairwell close , banging shut with cold finality . 
 the door itself was a tear-blurred smudge of blue and white . 
 he 'd screwed things up royally , and he had no one to blame but himself . 
 he 'd done everything wrong . 
 he 'd thought he could protect her , keep her safe from the kind of pain she 'd known before . 
 instead he 'd made her hate him for his lies , for pretending to love her . 
 he wished it had been an act . 
 then he would n't feel her loss so deeply , as if he 'd been gutted . 
 she was gone , and he would never get her back . 
 because he 'd only cared about himself . 
 she 'd been right . 
 he 'd decided the best course of action for her . 
 he 'd planned her life for her , because he 'd thought she could n't do it for herself . 
 he 'd let himself believe , as long as he showed her the way he thought was right , that she 'd come to love him and they 'd live happily ever after . 
 what a joke . 
 `` happily ever after '' was a fairy tale . 
 he 'd been stupid to think otherwise , even if only for a few days . 
 and stupid to think he could create this false life with rebecca . 
 sally cleared her throat . 
 he roused from his miserable daze and looked at her . 
 her sympathetic gaze and the pity in her eyes only made things worse . 
 he did n't know what to say to her . 
 what he possibly could say to her . 
 so he just gave up , opened his apartment door , and went inside . 
 sally had won . 
 he shut the door behind him , walked to the sofa on numb legs , and dropped onto the cushions . 
 he buried his face in his hands . 
 he 'd ruined everything . 
 lost the only woman who could ever make him care about life again . 
 she 'd managed to make him believe again . 
 in faith . 
 in people . 
 in himself . 
 he 'd blown it . 
 he 'd just wanted to show her that he loved her as she was . 
 she 'd told him about her life before sally , and how many people had let her down . 
 she 'd had this idea that if she was an angel , if she was pure and good and perfect , someone would finally need her . 
 but she was n't pure . 
 she was n't good . 
 she was n't perfect . 
 she had a wildfire temper , cursed like a sailor , and could do things with her tongue that would get tony sent straight to hell . 
 she was flawed and human and out of her damned mind-and he loved her that way . 
 loved her too much to just give up on her . 
 the apartment door opened . 
 he stood quickly , heart leaping in his chest with the desperate hope that it was rebecca . 
 sally leaned in the doorway , tilting her head to the side and studying him with a one-sided smile . 
 `` it took you long enough , '' she said , and cocked her chin toward the hall . 
 `` i swear , you humans are remarkably thick . 
 go on . 
 she ca n't have gotten far . 
 i 'll watch miranda . '' 
 his smile felt like it would crack his face open . 
 sally 's was more reserved , but she patted his arm when he edged past her and pelted down the hall . 
 no sign of rebecca . 
 he took the stairs two at a time and spilled out onto the sidewalk , only to catch a glimpse of red hair disappearing around the corner . 
 `` rebecca , wait ! '' 
 he called out , and bolted after her . 
 she did n't wait . 
 he had n't expected her to . 
 stubborn , stubborn woman , but that was what he loved about her . 
 his longer strides overtook her a few blocks from the apartment building , where the winding suburban lane blended into a busy cross-street . 
 he caught her elbow . 
 she ripped her arm from his grip and spun to face him , panting . 
 pedestrians bumped and jostled past them , shooting annoyed glances at the two living , breathing roadblocks barring the way to the crosswalk . 
 `` what do you want now ? '' 
 rebecca snarled . 
 `` to talk . 
 to set things straight . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he held both hands up . 
 `` please . 
 i 'm just asking you to listen , that 's all . '' 
 she worked her jaw with a suspicious look , then sniffed and looked away . 
 her arms folded over her chest . 
 she said nothing . 
 it was n't a no . 
 that was something , at least . 
 tony gathered himself , tried to speak , and ended up just blowing out his breath in a frustrated laugh . 
 `` crap . 
 now that i 've got you here , i suck at these speeches . '' 
 `` my heart is melting already . 
 really . '' 
 `` rebecca . '' 
 god , he had it bad . 
 even when she was spitting acid , he loved it . 
 or he was insane . 
 either could explain the fact that he could n't stop smiling . 
 `` i love you , '' he blurted . 
 `` i know you do n't love me , or even believe me . 
 but i need you to know . 
 you think no one can love you unless you 're perfect . 
 no one would ever need you . 
 you 're wrong . 
 you 're a shitty angel . '' 
 he thought he saw a little twitch at the corner of her mouth , and his smile widened . 
 `` you curse . 
 you 've got a temper like a wildcat . 
 you 're a klutz who could n't walk in a straight line to save her life . 
 but you 're a perfect rebecca ... and i love you . 
 just that way . 
 i love you , and i need you . 
 and so does miranda . '' 
 she took a step back and averted her eyes . 
 `` that was pretty . 
 really , it was . 
 and maybe you 're right . 
 i 'm a shitty angel . 
 but you 're wrong , too . 
 you do n't love me . '' 
 `` i do . 
 you can see if i 'm lying , rebecca . 
 you can know me in ways a human ca n't . 
 i 'm telling the truth . '' 
 he closed the distance between them , and smoothed his hands over her shoulders . 
 `` look into my heart . 
 just ... take a chance on me . 
 please . '' 
 her eyes glimmered with tears . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . 
 i ca n't take a chance on anyone . 
 not again . 
 and i ca n't see your heart . 
 you are n't ... you are n't my assignment anymore . 
 you are n't my problem . '' 
 pain darted through him in bright needles . 
 he was offering everything he could to prove to her that he loved her . 
 he could n't force her to believe him . 
 he 'd already made that mistake once . 
 never again . 
 she 'd made her choice , and he 'd have to live with it . 
 `` maybe i was wrong . '' 
 his smile now felt like it was branded into his face , a painful sickle . 
 `` maybe you 'll make a great angel . 
 you 've got the determination . '' 
 he reached up to cup her cheek , one last time . 
 `` good luck . 
 i mean that . 
 if you 're happy , then ... i 'll be happy for you . '' 
 `` tony ... '' she faltered , and took a step closer . 
 her lower lip crept between her teeth . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 `` do n't . 
 do n't second-guess now , rebecca . 
 i wo n't be the reason you made the wrong choice . '' 
 he forced himself turn away from her . 
 it was n't her fault he 'd fallen for her . 
 was n't her fault he loved her so much it killed him to let her go . 
 `` sally 's watching miranda . 
 i 'll ... i 'll let her know you 're ready to go , and send her down . '' 
 `` tony , please wait ! '' 
 tony was never quite sure what happened next . 
 he knew he turned . 
 he knew there was a woman on her cell phone , shoving one of those multi-munchkin strollers that needed its own four-lane highway , hardly paying attention . 
 he would always recall , with exact clarity , when one of the oversized , colorful wheels clipped rebecca 's calf . 
 and the razor flash of the street lamps off the grille of the speeding dodge caravan ? 
 burned into his memory . 
 but he 'd never quite know how he made it to rebecca in less time than it took to breathe . 
 he would n't remember wrapping his arms around her , shoving her out of the way . 
 he had only the thinnest recollection of losing his balance , overwhelmed by his relief that she was safe , sprawled on the sidewalk . 
 then he was going down , and steel-threaded tires were racing towards his head . 
 he heard a scream of his name , and the screech of rubber on pavement . 
 then everything was darkness and agonizing fire , and the noise of sirens . 
 he felt a warm hand slip into his own , and forced his eyes to open . 
 everything was so dim , but rebecca wore a halo of flame , her hair glowing in the street lights as she leaned over him . 
 her tears were so bright . 
 like liquid silver , falling down onto his cheeks . 
 `` you idiot , '' she sobbed . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 his voice felt like molasses , sticking to the insides of his throat and refusing to come out . 
 his lips were so numb he was n't sure if he was speaking the words or imagining them . 
 `` i-i 'm fine . 
 it 's nothing . '' 
 `` it 's not nothing , '' she whispered . 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 `` does that make me an angel , too ? '' 
 he tried to smile , but her face crumpled . 
 she said nothing , and he knew he was already losing her . 
 then the paramedics were there , nudging rebecca out of the way , their hands on tony . 
 he kept his eyes on rebecca as he was lifted into the ambulance . 
 then he closed his eyes and laid his head back against the pallet . 
 she was gone . 
 out of his life . 
 at least he 'd been able to do one more thing for her . 
 the pain in his body throbbed in tandem with the beat of his aching heart . 
 before long , he could n't tell where one pain started and the other began . 
 nor did he give a damn . 
 chapter eleven angel rule # 11 : know your course in life . 
 rebecca sat on the moist grass and stared sightlessly at her mother 's tombstone . 
 if things had turned out differently , she could be staring at tony 's . 
 she 'd be blaming herself for his death . 
 blaming herself for not saving him . 
 instead of wondering if she could ever trust him again . 
 when she 'd heard sally 's voice , she 'd thought the beautiful woman could only be tony 's lover . 
 then , when she saw sally 's face , something snapped in her brain , connecting all the missing pieces , and the memories had crashed down on her-a lifetime compressed into seconds and forced into her brain . 
 including the last week , and everything tony had done to keep her ignorant of her true purpose in life . 
 she 'd felt like a prize in the grudge match between angels and humans , and the humans had almost won . 
 rebecca had come so close to falling . 
 she might not have slept with tony , but she 'd wanted to . 
 burned to . 
 and she 'd loved every second of it-until she 'd found out what a lying , manipulative ass ** le he was . 
 but would a lying , manipulative ass ** le have nearly killed himself to save her life ? 
 maybe . 
 even the worst people had their moments of redemption . 
 rebecca was a prime example . 
 from gutter trash to angel , and it was as simple as keeping a lid on her temper and keeping her legs closed . 
 too bad tony made both so hard . 
 he infuriated her , ignited her passions , drew her with a compelling need as unstoppable as a force of nature . 
 they 'd come together like a hurricane . 
 yeah . 
 a hurricane . 
 hurricanes might slow or change course at some point , but the end result was always the same : disaster . 
 it did n't matter . 
 it was over . 
 she 'd just been a challenge to tony-while for a short time , he 'd been everything she 'd ever dreamed of . 
 everything she 'd secretly hoped for had been within her reach . 
 if only it had n't been a lie . 
 what an idiot . 
 she rubbed at her stinging eyes and offered the tombstone a weak smile . 
 lily chance , 1954-1999 . 
 `` hi , mom , '' she said . 
 `` looks like your baby girl kinda made a mess of things , huh ? '' 
 she was supposed to be an engineer . 
 it was n't her first choice ; her first choice had come when she was four , and she decided she would be princess of the wildflowers . 
 that had n't really panned out , but by the time she 'd been seventeen and thinking about colleges , she 'd been pretty settled on engineering . 
 how had she clung to that one fragment of memory , when she 'd been so lost before ? 
 she 'd given up on life , after she 'd lost her family . 
 she 'd been alive , yes , but barely . 
 she 'd had no faith . 
 no love . 
 no ... anything . 
 maybe some small part of her was still waiting to grow up . 
 but she 'd grown up years ago , and she 'd failed at that . 
 when she was younger , she 'd succeeded in everything she tried . 
 school . 
 friendships . 
 sports . 
 especially math . 
 she 'd always been good at math . 
 always been good at a lot of things . 
 until her parents died , and she fell apart . 
 `` it 's funny . '' 
 she sniffled . 
 `` i have n't done a thing with myself in over ten years , and i 've been so busy blaming it on you . 
 on you not being there for me . 
 my life has been so hard , and it was all your fault . '' 
 damn it . 
 she could barely talk , her throat closing up , her eyes overflowing . 
 `` but it 's mine . 
 it 's all my fault . 
 i gave up , and i just kept making bad decision after bad decision because i 'd already given up . 
 but i 'm making the right decision now , right ? '' 
 silence . 
 as if her dead mother could answer her . 
 as if anyone had any answers for this mess she 'd made . 
 `` please , '' she whispered . 
 `` please , mom . 
 i need to know i 'm doing the right thing . 
 i 'm meant to be an angel , right ? '' 
 footsteps scuffed on the grass . 
 she glanced over her shoulder . 
 sally climbed the hill . 
 the edge of her skirt was stained dark by dewdrops , and rebecca could n't help but remember the first time she 'd seen miranda , so pretty and solemn , in her little sundress stained dark by sweat . 
 she swallowed back her tears and looked at the tombstone . 
 she did n't want to talk to sally right now . 
 the archangel sat down next to rebecca in a soft crunching of bent grass . 
 `` tony 's home , and well on his way to recovery . 
 he asked for you at the hospital . '' 
 `` there was no reason for me to be there , '' rebecca muttered . 
 `` but you wanted to be . '' 
 sally sighed . 
 `` he was lucky to survive . '' 
 `` he 's a lucky guy . '' 
 `` yes , he is . 
 especially since you love him . '' 
 rebecca darted a resentful look at sally from the corner of her eye , but the angel was n't looking at her . 
 she was looking at the tombstone , her face serene and detached . 
 rebecca scowled . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . 
 just stop . '' 
 `` i can not . '' 
 sally shook her head . 
 `` not when it weighs so heavily on your future as an angel . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that translates to ' i have no future as an angel . ' '' 
 bitter certainty weighed on rebecca , dragging her shoulders down . 
 `` i get it . 
 you do n't have to explain . 
 i broke the rules . 
 it 's okay . 
 i - '' she clenched her fists against her thighs . 
 `` i can make a life for myself again . 
 i can . 
 i do n't need you . 
 i can go to school , i can get a real job and a real life without you . 
 i sucked at being an angel anyway . '' 
 `` yes , you did , because you do n't damned well listen to a thing anyone else says . '' 
 rebecca jerked her head up and stared . 
 had sally just cursed ? 
 `` um . 
 what ? '' 
 sally chuckled and glanced at her . 
 `` you are a terrible angel . 
 you 're headstrong , your temper is impossible , and you 're entirely unwilling to see what 's staring you right in the face . '' 
 `` is there a point to this ? '' 
 rebecca growled . 
 `` let 's add impatient and rude to that list . '' 
 sally ticked both points off on her fingers , then smiled . 
 `` rebecca ... i 've touched tony 's thoughts . 
 just as i 've touched yours . 
 you 've changed him . 
 he was in danger of losing himself to his own bitterness , and hurting his daughter and so many others because of it . 
 until you . 
 you may be a terrible angel , but you still saved a man 's soul . '' 
 `` is that your bass ackwards way of saying i still have a job ? '' 
 `` you could , if you want to . 
 no one in the higher orders holds you responsible for any thoughts you may have had during your ... lapse , let 's call it . 
 but - '' she cut off rebecca 's exclamation with an upraised hand . 
 `` i 'm not finished . 
 he changed you , too . 
 you were wandering without direction , waiting for someone to give you a hand up . 
 waiting for someone to save you , and refusing to take responsibility for your own actions . 
 you 'd been lost in self-pity for far too long . 
 that was why i first came to you . '' 
 `` i 'm a charity case ? '' 
 rebecca bit off . 
 `` you 're stronger than you think you are . 
 and you just proved it . '' 
 `` how so ? '' '' ' 
 i do n't need you . 
 i can go to school , i can get a real job and a real life without you . ' '' 
 sally repeated . 
 her pale blue eyes nearly skewered rebecca . 
 `` you said that . 
 because in saving tony , you realized you had the power to control your own life-and to make it something better . '' 
 `` o-oh . '' 
 rebecca rocked back on her heels , just slumping against the grassy hillside . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess i did . '' 
 `` so now you have a choice to make , rebecca chance . 
 put aside your anger . 
 stop blaming tony for everything , and think back . 
 look at everything he 's done , everything he 's said . 
 he made mistakes . 
 so did you . '' 
 sally reached out to gently tweak a lock of rebecca 's hair , tugging affectionately and letting go . 
 `` but we 're not so black and white as everyone thinks , in heaven . 
 even i can see that you love him . 
 but can you trust him ? '' 
 rebecca shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 he does n't love me . 
 he used me . 
 i was just a game , and while i was vulnerable he lied to me - '' `` did he ever bed you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she drew up short . 
 sally 's mouth creased . 
 `` you heard the question , young lady . '' 
 rebecca thought back over the past week . 
 she 'd thrown herself at tony to the point of making a fool out of herself . 
 every time they 'd kissed , she 'd felt his longing , his need . 
 he 'd said he loved her . 
 he could have had her at any time , yet he 'd always pulled back and claimed it was for her own good . 
 `` no , '' she admitted . 
 `` he did n't . '' 
 `` but he could have . 
 easily , '' sally pointed out dryly . 
 rebecca dropped her eyes . 
 her face heated until the very tips of her ears burned with embarrassment . '' 
 ... rub it in , why do n't you , '' she muttered . 
 `` but i 'm making my point . 
 so i 'll ask you again : can you trust him ? '' 
 `` that 's not something i can just choose to do . '' 
 `` sometimes it is . '' 
 sally 's fingertips touched under rebecca 's chin and tilted her face up to meet warm , sympathetic blue eyes . 
 `` self-pitying rebecca would hold on to this for years , and continue to let it shape her life and darken her soul . 
 but you are n't that rebecca anymore . '' 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 rebecca smiled wryly . 
 `` but i 'm no angel , either , am i ? '' 
 sally raised a brow . 
 `` you 're a work in progress . '' 
 rebecca laughed , then trailed off and looked away , back to her mother 's tombstone . 
 `` i 'm scared , sally . 
 what if i trust him and it 's the wrong choice ? '' 
 `` then you do what every human does . 
 you heal , and you grow stronger from it . 
 look at the world around you . 
 does everyone carry their wounds with them every day , constantly bruised and bleeding ? '' 
 `` a lot of them do . 
 the rest just hide it better . '' 
 `` ever the optimist . '' 
 sally snorted . 
 `` so is that your choice , then ? 
 you 've found a path for yourself . 
 you want to build a life , a career ... and a home with the man and little girl that you love . 
 are you so afraid of failing that you 'll give that up to become an angel ? '' 
 `` i wanted to become an angel to help people . '' 
 `` you wanted to become an angel to hide from the fact that you were unwilling to help yourself . '' 
 `` ow . '' 
 rebecca winced . 
 `` you do n't sugarcoat things , do you ? '' 
 `` rule number one - '' '' - never lie , '' rebecca finished , and grinned . 
 sally smiled . 
 her eyes softened . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` can tony really have changed so much in just a few weeks ? '' 
 sally searched rebecca 's eyes , and rebecca felt that strange sense of the angel touching her thoughts , her emotions . 
 `` you have , '' sally murmured . 
 had she ? 
 rebecca returned her gaze to the inscription . 
 tony 's laughter echoed in her thoughts . 
 he 'd been able to cheer her up so easily , when she 'd almost never laughed before . 
 he 'd anchored her when she felt lost and confused . 
 he 'd made her want to learn how to stand on her own , to be strong enough to be there for him , and for miranda . 
 had he really done all that for her sake , and not just because he wanted to win her ? 
 she remembered his hands shaking , as he pushed her away . 
 remembered his eyes on hers . 
 how it felt when he kissed her , as if he could n't stop himself-but he had to . 
 and because he 'd pushed her away , she 'd retaliated by pushing back , and forcing him out of her life when he tried to open his heart to her . 
 she 'd spent her entire life trying to protect herself from men who would hurt her . 
 she 'd always known that her life would be unpredictable and unreliable , but she 'd used that as an excuse to wall herself off so that nothing bad could touch her heart-but nothing good , either . 
 and in trying so hard to protect herself , she 'd lost tony and miranda both . 
 would he still want her , if she went to him now ? 
 she 'd said such hurtful things . 
 she 'd left him alone at the hospital , when he 'd been there for her in the same situation . 
 she was still so angry at him for lying to her , but she 'd hardly been a model of good behavior , either . 
 they 'd both made mistakes , but that was part of being human . 
 but we 're not so black and white as everyone thinks . 
 he might reject her . 
 worse , later he might grow tired of her and cast her aside . 
 she 'd never know until she tried . 
 never know what might happen next . 
 and that , too , was part of the madness and beauty of being human . 
 she looked up at sally with a smile that felt like it filled her soul and shone out through every pore of her . 
 `` sally - '' `` i know , '' sally said , and reached out to squeeze her hand . 
 `` go get him . '' 
 rebecca stood and , after one last look at her mother 's grave , left the dead to go in search of the living . 
 ... sally watched rebecca go with a fond smile . 
 she 'd done a good job with this one , she thought . 
 rebecca chance had been one of the most troubled mortals she 'd seen in a long time . 
 directionless . 
 lacking purpose . 
 self-destructive and unwilling to do anything to change that . 
 she 'd taken a risk , bringing rebecca into the training program . 
 no doubt she could have made a decent angel out of that bratty little hellion , but she 'd have crushed her spirit in the process . 
 she 'd been so fragile , when sally had first found her . 
 it was so lovely to see that change . 
 she stood and brushed bits of grass from her skirt . 
 she brushed her fingers over the curve of the tombstone ; the granite was slick , warmed by the sun . 
 `` i told you , lily , '' she murmured . 
 `` i told you your little girl would be all right . '' 
 there were other jobs waiting for her , elsewhere in the world-but for now , sally let herself enjoy the walk through the graveyard , and the sunlight on her shoulders . 
 maybe she 'd stop for a latte . 
 even she was allowed an indulgence now and then . 
 besides , she thought . 
 she owed herself , for a job well done . 
 chapter twelve angel rule # 12 : do n't give up until you achieve happily ever after . 
 tony sat on the couch and watched condensation roll down a bottle of beer to form a puddle on his coffee table . 
 miranda had fallen back asleep over an hour ago , after spending thirty minutes doodling on his cast and what felt like ten more hours asking , over and over , where rebecca was . 
 misery washed over him . 
 he could n't bring himself to move , even if he desperately needed to . 
 that beer would n't drink itself , and right now it was the best painkiller he had . 
 the vicodin might numb his broken arm , but it would n't soothe his broken heart . 
 he 'd lost rebecca . 
 nothing could fix that . 
 no pills . 
 no casts . 
 no beer . 
 but he could definitely give the beer a shot . 
 he 'd barely flinched when he lost jane . 
 he 'd had a hard time adjusting when he lost his job and his house , but he 'd managed . 
 but this ? 
 this ripped through him like a dagger . 
 losing rebecca was like losing his purpose in life . 
 he was being ridiculous . 
 he knew it , but it did n't stop him from feeling so bereft . 
 he 'd been fine on his own before . 
 it had never bothered him , but now the empty apartment seemed to swallow him whole , too quiet without her warm presence nearby . 
 how could one woman change his life so much in just a few short weeks ? 
 and how could he have lost it all so easily ? 
 he picked up the beer in his good hand and gulped it down . 
 tossing the empty bottle on the table , he stood and stalked into the kitchen . 
 he needed another drink . 
 or twenty . 
 he stopped at the fridge and just stared . 
 right here . 
 right here , he 'd pushed her up against the counter and almost had his way with her . 
 she 'd clung to him so sweetly while he 'd kissed her , exploring the luscious heat of her mouth . 
 a heat he 'd had no right to ever feel . 
 he could almost smell the scent of her hair now , if he strained hard enough . 
 as if she 'd imprinted on his senses for eternity . 
 cursing , he kicked the cabinet . 
 while the scuff on the finish was somewhat satisfying , it did nothing to ease his frustration . 
 he muttered , yanked the fridge open , and retrieved another beer . 
 now where was that f ** king bottle opener ? 
 he growled and yanked the drawer open hard enough to knock it off the tracks . 
 `` perhaps , '' rebecca said at his back , `` you should n't be breaking shit in an apartment you do n't own . '' 
 tony tensed , dropped the beer on the counter , spun , and stared . 
 was he imagining this ? 
 how had she even gotten in here ? 
 oh . 
 right . 
 he 'd been moping so much he 'd forgotten to lock the door . 
 no-he was making excuses . 
 wanting to believe that was really her , looking at him with that sardonic half-smile and all that glorious hair tumbling around her . 
 `` rebecca . '' 
 he drew in a shaky breath . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` well , i did kind of leave my stuff here . '' 
 oh . 
 she 'd only come back for her belongings . 
 he still remembered how angry he 'd been when she showed up on his door with those three duffel bags . 
 now , he could n't stand the thought of her packing them up and walking away . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 `` before you walk out , please , just ... listen . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry for everything i did to you . 
 the lies - '' he hated the lump in his throat , but it just would n't quit . 
 `` i never meant to hurt you , or use you . '' 
 `` tony ... '' she knotted her hands together . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too . 
 i said horrible things , and i did n't mean them . '' 
 her eyes lingered on his injured arm . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 no , he was n't fine . 
 why was n't she angry with him ? 
 right . 
 real angels did n't get angry , and she 'd earned her wings . 
 his breaths choked , and he turned away . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` on what ? '' 
 damn it , was she going to make him say it ? 
 he clenched his fingers against the edge of the counter . 
 `` on earning your wings . '' 
 he took a ragged breath . 
 `` i guess you did a good job . 
 you made me realize what a bastard i am . 
 i 've never had any consideration for anyone else . 
 i thought if i could convince you to choose me , we could live happily ever after . '' 
 he stared at the beer . 
 it no longer seemed so appealing . 
 `` but it was never what you wanted . 
 you were always clear about that . 
 now you got what you wanted , and i. . . 
 i 'm happy for you . 
 i really am . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 just that . 
 nothing else . 
 he raised his head and risked a glance over his shoulder . 
 she watched him with warm eyes , that damnable smile still there . 
 that smile that made him want to kiss her so much it tore him apart . 
 `` understand what ? '' 
 `` i understand why you did what you did . 
 you were trying to protect me . 
 trying to take care of me . 
 i should have thanked you . 
 instead i misjudged your intentions and attacked you . '' 
 her smile turned self-mocking . 
 `` i always have had a problem with my temper . '' 
 `` well , not anymore , right ? '' 
 the words felt bitter , but he could n't stop them . 
 `` you 're an angel now . 
 perfect and sweet . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not . '' 
 rebecca 's eyes dropped from his . 
 she ran a hand through her hair in a gesture that was so like him he almost laughed . 
 `` i 'm not perfect . 
 i 'm not sweet . 
 i 'm flawed , i 'm difficult , i 'm rash , i 'm impulsive , i 'm foulmouthed , i 'm ... i 'm a lot of things . 
 but i 'm not an angel . '' 
 tony frowned . 
 he made himself turn to face her again , even if the sight of her , with her eyes downcast and her cheeks pink , made him want to take her into his arms again . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 she wet her lips with the darting red tip of her tongue . 
 `` did you mean it ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` did i mean what ? '' 
 `` that you loved me . 
 did you mean it ? '' 
 she sounded so shy . 
 so young . 
 so afraid , and he did n't know what he could do to ease that hurt . 
 `` or were you just saying it to make me feel better ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 why was she prying this out of him now ? 
 was she still trying to pass some kind of final judgment on his soul ? 
 but she kept her eyes lowered , and he could n't read her expression . 
 `` it matters . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` answer me first . 
 please . '' 
 he tried not to hope . 
 tried not to need , when she could take his heart and crumble it so easily . 
 but he could n't lie , either . 
 `` i meant every word . 
 i do n't know how it happened , but i fell in love with you , and now i ca n't picture life without you . 
 i love you , rebecca . '' 
 rebecca drew in her breath . 
 tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really . '' 
 her big blue eyes rose to his . 
 that was the only warning before suddenly she was pressed so close against him , her soft scent stealing over him , her warm arms wrapped around his neck . 
 he stumbled , but slid his good arm around her , holding her close and breathing in deep draughts of that perfect smell that was so her . 
 `` rebecca ... ? '' 
 his heart was in knots , his stomach fluttering . 
 `` shut up . 
 shut up . 
 i love you , shut up , i love you . '' 
 she let out a choked little laugh and buried her face against his neck , and that was when he understood . 
 she was n't an angel . 
 she had n't come back to judge him . 
 she was here for him . 
 he tilted her chin up and looked into those glimmering , lovely eyes . 
 she loved him . 
 `` rebecca , '' he murmured , and slanted his lips against hers . 
 she tasted like salvation , and redemption . 
 she tasted like everything he 'd ever needed , and he groaned as he lost himself in her . 
 she yielded to him with a sweetness and surrender that consumed him , and his mouth mated with hers in a frenzy of yearning . 
 he could hardly breathe by the time they broke away , clinging to each other . 
 tony brushed her hair back from her face . 
 `` i need you to know this is n't a game to me , rebecca . 
 i never meant to just use you and throw you away . 
 i wanted to protect you and keep you with me forever . 
 not as a conquest . 
 as the woman i love . '' 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 she tried to kiss him again , but he placed a finger over her lips . 
 she sighed . 
 `` not this again . '' 
 his laughter bubbled through him in an effervescent rush , light as air and filling him until he thought he would dissolve . 
 `` no . 
 i just want to make sure we 're clear on one thing . 
 i mean forever , rebecca . 
 for you , for me , and for miranda . 
 i want us to be a family . '' 
 `` i want more than that . '' 
 `` anything , rebecca . 
 anything i can give you . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want you to give me things . 
 i want to start my life over again . 
 i want to make a life for myself , and do it right this time . 
 i 'll ... i 'll go back to school . 
 i 'll get my degree in systems engineering , just like i always wanted . 
 and i 'll be with you , and miranda . 
 forever . '' 
 she looked up at him with a shy smile . 
 `` i think i know a thing or two about forever . 
 i am an angel , after all . '' 
 `` no , you 're not , '' he said . 
 `` but you are mine . '' 
 this time , when she stretched up to kiss him , he let her-and did n't stop until they 'd dragged each other , between hotly breathless kisses and nips , into the bedroom . 
 tony barely managed to close the door before they fell to the bed together with rebecca 's delicate weight pinning tony to the sheets . 
 he smiled up at her and brushed his fingers to her cheek . 
 `` are you sure you 're ready for this ? '' 
 he could n't bear it if he rushed her , or pushed her into something she was n't ready for . 
 `` i can wait as long as you want , love . '' 
 `` anthony weis , if you make me wait any longer , i 'll break your other damned arm ! '' 
 he laughed and pulled her down to kiss her . 
 soft at first , shy , breathless , yet hunger took control and raw need consumed them with its ferocity . 
 their tongues sparred . 
 her hands dug into his shoulders . 
 she straddled him , her sweet body pressing down against him until he groaned and rolled his hips up into her . 
 she shuddered , hot and pliant against him . 
 he caressed her side and traced the curve of her hip until he could grasp her close , clasping her to him and letting her feel his need with each slow thrust of his hips . 
 her eyes were closed , her lips slack with passion , and he drank her in for a moment before his mouth traveled along her neck in a trail of hot kisses . 
 she tasted delicious , and he ached to kiss every square inch of her pale , delectable skin . 
 she dragged her fingers through his hair and captured his mouth again , intoxicating him with a torrid and gasping kiss , but he refused to be deterred . 
 while she was distracted , he captured both her wrists in his one good hand . 
 she twisted and swore , but he grinned . 
 she glowered at him . 
 `` not funny , tony . '' 
 `` i 'm not laughing . 
 be still . 
 let me look at you . '' 
 and look he did . 
 he rolled her beneath him and leaned back on his heels , taking her in as she lay panting against the sheets , flushed and beautiful . 
 her wildfire hair tangled around her upraised arms in snaking coils , bringing out the faint rosy undertones in her white skin . 
 her blush only darkened the quirky scattering of freckles across her nose . 
 the way her shirt and jeans hugged her long , lanky curves only made him want to tear the clothing away to discover her for himself . 
 the longer he lingered , the more she squirmed , and her lashes lowered to her cheeks as her blush deepened . 
 she started to speak , then stopped when he fixated on her mouth . 
 her lips were red and full , and he felt a possessive spark of need as he stroked them with a lingering look . 
 he 'd done that . 
 he 'd kissed her until her mouth ripened and turned that luscious , lovely color . 
 she was his . 
 `` please , '' she whispered . 
 `` please what , little angel ? '' 
 `` love me . '' 
 she arched her back and tugged at her wrists . 
 `` i do . 
 and i will . '' 
 he released her wrists . 
 his fingers skimmed down the undersides of her arms , and she shivered . 
 `` let me see you , love . 
 i ca n't really undress you myself with only one hand . '' 
 she shot him an uncertain look , then began to unbutton her shirt . 
 each inch of fragile skin revealed made his mouth go dry . 
 the shirt slid over her freckled shoulders , and their smooth curve captivated him . 
 bit by bit she enthralled him , as she shyly revealed the soft swell of her br ** sts , the taut dip of her waist . 
 when her hips undulated as she slid her jeans off , he let out a rough sound as fire twisted in his gut and shot deeper , searing him with his need for her . 
 her slender hands were torture against his skin when she helped him out of his slacks . 
 her eyes found his as she straddled him , their naked skin whispering together . 
 just the feel of her warm , supple flesh was enough to make his hips buck . 
 he gritted his teeth and tried to restrain himself , but the little minx rubbed herself against him until he could n't breathe . 
 `` brat , '' he gasped , clutching at her hip . 
 `` i thought you knew that . '' 
 she grinned-then moaned and arched her back into a sensuous curve as he rocked into her , teasing against the heat between her thighs . 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` and i love you for it . '' 
 he curled his hands against her nape and drew her down to conquer her mouth . 
 his tongue teased and caressed hers until she melted against him . 
 he explored her body , stroking over her curves until she shuddered . 
 when he cupped her breast and teased her nipple with his fingertips , she cried out softly and bit at his shoulder . 
 he relinquished his claim on her lips and claimed her body instead . 
 he took the hardening peak of her breast into his mouth and traced her skin with his tongue . 
 she whimpered and writhed against him . 
 his fingers stroked over her side , and slipped between them to slide down the smooth curve of her stomach to thread into the soft curls below . 
 bright red , just as he 'd imagined , and soft to the touch . 
 he caressed her moist heat and savored each broken , shuddering cry as she opened for him . 
 `` my rebecca , '' he murmured . 
 `` my angel . '' 
 he dipped his fingers into her , stroking deep . 
 her hips arched and she dug her nails into his shoulders ; her damp mouth moved in wordless moans against his chest . 
 her slickness coated his fingers and her muscles constricted . 
 his control snapped . 
 he barely spared a moment for a condom before he tumbled her to her back . 
 pushing himself up over her , he kissed his way down her body and lavished her skin with nips that made her gasp . 
 as he slid off the end of the bed , he drew her legs with him and parted her thighs so he could kneel on the floor between them . 
 he lowered his head to taste her sweetness . 
 she tensed , crying out his name . 
 he stroked her with his lips and tongue until her voice rose and broke , over and over again , and she twisted in his grip . 
 the taste of her when she lost herself was maddening , the quiver in her thighs and the clenching of her body enough to drive him over the edge . 
 without giving her a chance to regain her senses , he twined his body with hers and slipped into her heated , pulsing folds . 
 she clung to him , whispering his name in shuddering gasps as he surged into her with a groan . 
 he claimed her lips and stroked deep , matching the rhythm of his thrusts until the intensity of their joined mouths and bodies overwhelmed him . 
 he took her faster , deeper , seeking that cataclysmic union that would make them one . 
 they crashed together , and she fell into the abyss with him as he threw his head back with a hoarse cry and surrendered to his pleasure . 
 panting , he collapsed at her side and drew her close . 
 he could n't stand to let her go . 
 he cradled her against his uninjured side and kissed her temple . 
 together they lay in a tangle of sheets and each other , sweat cooling on their skin . 
 rebecca rubbed her cheek to his shoulder with a contented murmur , and he smiled . 
 `` are you sure you made the right decision ? '' 
 tony whispered . 
 rebecca raised her head and met his eyes . 
 all the conviction , all the faith in the world was in her gaze , and in her voice . 
 faith in him . 
 faith in their love . 
 `` positive , '' she said . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` as i love you . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you know , rebecca ... you finally made me believe . '' 
 she raised a brow . 
 `` in god ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he drew her down to kiss her . 
 `` in us . 
 even if you are n't really an angel . '' 
 `` oh , tony . '' 
 she laughed , and brushed her lips to his . 
 `` around you , i never was . '' 
