 alena took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm not going on a date with chad thurman . '' 
 a deafening silence descended on the dining room . 
 mother 's face assumed a thoughtful expression . 
 no doubt she was already stringing persuasive and weighty logical arguments in favor of the date in her head . 
 to mother no was simply a yes that had n't had a chance to hear her out . 
 next to mother , aunt ksenia looked aghast . 
 no surprise there . 
 aunt ksenia was all about duty to the family . 
 there was no support to be had in her corner . 
 behind ksenia 's chair , cousin boris checked his mother 's face and carefully arranged his face into a mask of patronizing disapproval . 
 if he ever did manage to formulate his own thought , it would likely knock him senseless . 
 alena glanced across the table . 
 her older sister liz looked troubled , her bottom lip caught between her teeth . 
 her husband vik must 've found the situation highly amusing , because corners of his mouth crept upward in a half-realized smile . 
 alena mentally steeled herself and looked to father leaning against the wall . 
 alexander koronov 's eyes plainly told he was not amused . 
 like staring straight into a storm . 
 `` you - '' ksenia began , but mother raised her hand . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she asked calmly . 
 alena knew exactly what would come next : all of her protests would be dismantled to pieces like an old clock taken apart gear by gear , but she had no choice . 
 she had to at least try to put up a fight . 
 `` i do n't like him . '' 
 mother rose , took a soup plate from the cabinet , filled it with water , and set it on the table . 
 she touched the surface of the water with her fingertip and murmured a single sharp word . 
 the water surged up and blossomed into an image of chad in all his glory . 
 `` could you be more specific ? '' 
 mother said . 
 `` what exactly do n't you like about him ? '' 
 looking at him , alena had to admit that physically there was nothing wrong with chad . 
 there was a lot of right about him even . 
 he stood tall , his shoulders wide and thick and his build muscular . 
 his red hair was cropped very short , and he somehow managed to escape the really sensitive skin of most natural redheads . 
 taken by itself , free of his expression , his face might even be considered handsome , but there was something about chad , something in the eyes and in the set of his stubborn jaw , that telegraphed `` thug '' louder than any words . 
 the city , and old town in particular , had long been divided between the prominent magic families into territories . 
 it was customary that young guys from local families banded together to defend their combined neighborhood from outsiders before moving on to real business ventures . 
 it was a right of passage , but chad really took that job seriously . 
 `` he 's ... '' alena paused . 
 chad was n't exactly stupid . 
 on the contrary , he was quite shrewd at times . 
 just last week he and his guys trapped some unfortunate kid from the rival clan 's territory . 
 they could 've beaten the guy and left it at that , but no , chad had marky conjure up some rabid looking mutts and used them to chase the guy into the burned out warehouse down on river street . 
 the guy did n't have enough magic to see through the illusion , but he did manage a panicked sending back to his family yelling that he was being attacked by a pack of wild animals . 
 chad sat there until the guy 's friends came to rescue him and then claimed it was an invasion of thurman territory . 
 the rival family had to pay restitution . 
 chad was n't dumb and he would do quite well for himself ; he just had no interest in whatever she would have to say and she had no interest in whatever he had to do . 
 `` he 's cruel and dangerous , '' she said . 
 `` you 're a koronov , '' her father said . 
 `` thurmans respect us . 
 he wo n't lay a finger on you without your permission . 
 and if he does , you have my permission to do what 's necessary . '' 
 not having permission would n't exactly stop her , but pointing that out did n't seem like the smartest move at the moment . 
 `` you grew up together , '' mother said . 
 `` that 's exactly the problem ! 
 you 're making me to go out with a guy i 've known since he was seven and i was four . 
 i 've seen him wipe his snot on a smaller kid 's hair . 
 when i was five , he broke my sleigh going down the stone staircase on butcher street and i hit him over the head with it . '' 
 `` so you do n't want to go out with him because he broke your sleigh twelve years ago ? '' 
 mother said slowly . 
 alena unclenched her teeth . 
 `` no , mother , i do n't want to go out with him because he 's a thug . 
 and his family is full of thugs . 
 what would we even talk about ? 
 he barely finished highschool . 
 we have nothing in common ! '' 
 `` you 're both young and attractive , '' mother said . 
 alena drew back . 
 `` so you want me to prostitute myself , is that it ? '' 
 mother arched her eyebrows . 
 `` there is no need to be so melodramatic . 
 he 's a handsome boy . '' 
 she nodded at the watery image . 
 `` it 's natural that there might be some attraction between the two of you . 
 in fact , i think you do protest too much . '' 
 alena nearly choked . 
 `` attracted to what ? 
 mom , he carries brass knuckles in both pockets ! '' 
 `` you will go , '' father said . 
 mother shot him a warning glance . 
 `` do you recall how we discussed the purchase of a car last monday and you told me that it 's time you were treated as an adult ? '' 
 alena hesitated . 
 the sudden turn threw her off balance . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 mother smiled . 
 `` do you know what separates adults from children ? 
 self-discipline . 
 we do n't want to go to work , we do n't want to do our chores , we do n't want to make unpleasant decisions but we do all those things because we 're aware of the consequences which will follow if we do n't . 
 now , i will treat you as an adult , since you are seventeen , and i 'll be very blunt . 
 our family was never rich , as you know . 
 however , your grandfather was a very respected man . 
 many families owed him a favor . 
 he had a certain influence . 
 when he died , part of that influence died with him . '' 
 `` your father was your grandfather 's advisor , that 's why family invested so much in his education . 
 he was never groomed to be your grandfather 's successor . 
 that role belonged to uncle rufus ; however , he also died . '' 
 mother threw an apologetic glance at aunt ksenia . 
 `` the other families in the area are aware of this . 
 even now , they 're moving in on our business interests , in particular on our investments in the water communications . 
 to avoid financial ruin , we need a large loan , which would offset the costs of your grandfather 's funeral and let us settle various smaller debts , making us appear strong and financially secure . 
 all of our business accounts are housed through sunshine bank . 
 do you know who owns the controlling interest in that bank ? '' 
 alena shook her head . 
 mother 's voice held no mercy . 
 `` the thurmans . 
 now , you can go on this date with chad thurman , with no obligation , i might add , or you can refuse this invitation , insult the thurmans , and destroy our chances of obtaining the loan . 
 nobody here will force you . 
 we 'll leave the choice entirely up to you . '' 
 all arguments died in alena 's throat . 
 she swallowed . 
 every cell in her body rebelled against going but now refusing would make her look like a spoiled selfish brat . 
 if it meant that much ... the future of her family hung in the balance . 
 she would do everything she could to keep it from falling off a cliff . 
 `` i 'll go , '' she said softly . 
 `` thank you , '' mother said . 
 # it was all dennis 's fault , alena reflected , rummaging through the clothes in her closet . 
 she had been seeing dennis mallot for about a year , always in public . 
 they had n't done anything physical like kissing or holding hands . 
 they just met , strolled along river street , gossiped , and told each other how bad their parents treated them . 
 they were friends . 
 she was a nerd , a smart girl , and he was an odd , quiet guy . 
 their families did n't mind . 
 koronovs and mallots stood close on the social ladder , both solid families with roots in old town , both magically adept . 
 with the exception of grandfather and uncle rufus , all koronovs had graduated well and went on to academies , while most of mallots made their living in the field of medical magic . 
 all was going nicely and then father had a bright idea to send her off to the boarding school for the year to `` challenge '' her . 
 squeezing two hundred teenagers into a campus and blocking access to the outside world made for some heavy social drama . 
 after almost a year of watching stormy break-ups and broken hearts followed by clouds of endless gossip , alena was ready for a real boyfriend . 
 not a sort-of-boyfriend , like dennis , but the actual , real , head over heels love . 
 as soon as she got home , she bought a dress the color of dark red wine that left absolutely no doubt that she was female . 
 she curled her dark hair , she put on her make-up , she slipped on criminally high heels , and headed to her old school to catch up with her friends . 
 dennis had nearly fainted . 
 even now , she grinned at the memory : him standing against the wall , his eyes bulging , his mouth slack . 
 it had been the most satisfying moment of her life , a triumph . 
 everything about her had said , `` yeah , so i 'm a nerd , but i clean up nice . 
 see what you 've been missing ? '' 
 dennis had called the next morning , inviting her to may ball , a huge outdoor celebration when recent and old graduates came out for a night-time party . 
 there would be food , bands , and magic shows . 
 everybody would be there . 
 she agreed . 
 then the night of the party came . 
 perfect hair - check , makeup - check , that same red dress - check , spiked heels - check , dennis ... ? 
 dennis did n't show . 
 she kept walking out on to the balcony , wondering why he was late , thinking she would see him down the street . 
 that 's when chad thurman had seen her . 
 he was passing by , glanced up , and nearly took a dive onto the pavement . 
 guess she took him by surprise . 
 dennis never did show . 
 the gossip vine said he had gotten drunk with his friend jeremy instead . 
 she 'd felt so stupid and hollow in her perfect makeup and killer dress . 
 so very stupid and pathetic . 
 the mallots were told in no uncertain terms that the insult to the family would n't be forgotten and dennis was no longer welcome . 
 but now chad thurman had come to cash on her misfortune and the family was only too happy to push her out the door into his arms . 
 and the problem was that if chad did like her , nobody else would date her either . 
 chad had the kind of reputation that made rivals run for cover . 
 still , she would do it . 
 the family needed the loan . 
 alena picked out a nice jean skirt , not too short , not too long , a white peasant blouse and new white shoes that were only a hair shorter than that red pair . 
 she put the outfit on and looked at herself in the mirror . 
 favorite blouse , favorite skirt , brand new shoes . 
 the date would suck enough . 
 at least she could feel comfortable in her favorite clothes . 
 # the door bell rang and then mother 's voice called , `` alena ! '' 
 she sighed and emerged into the foyer . 
 chad had arrived with two dozen blood-red roses in one hand and a bottle of expensive vodka in another . 
 flowers went to her mother , while vodka went to her father . 
 thurmans were an old town family , after all . 
 they did things properly . 
 `` you have fun , '' mother said pleasantly . 
 a sinking feeling claimed alena 's stomach . 
 she did n't get premonitions often but in that moment she realized with absolute certainty that this date would n't end well . 
 outside chad paused for moment , his face deadly serious . 
 she 'd seen that look before , usually when he plotted some sort of battle strategy . 
 `` you look very nice , '' he said quietly , his gaze pausing on her br ** sts . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 alena smiled . 
 `` you too . '' 
 he did look nice in jeans and a black t-shirt . 
 they stared awkwardly each other . 
 `` i thought we 'd go and see a movie , '' he said . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 what kind of a movie ? '' 
 `` it 's fighting flick from kitai empire . 
 gonzo the spear carrier . '' 
 chad glanced at her as if expecting a hysterical fit . 
 `` i love historical dramas , '' she said and forced and smile . 
 `` good . '' 
 he offered her his elbow . 
 alena rested her hands on his forearm and realized that it was the first time she actually touched a guy on a date . 
 the thought almost made her sigh in regret , but she killed the sigh before it had a chance to start . 
 they strode down the street heading toward the theater . 
 chad stared straight ahead , his jaw set . 
 after about five minutes , the silence had become strained . 
 `` so what books have you read lately ? '' 
 she asked to say something . 
 `` do n't read much , '' chad said . 
 `` movies ? '' 
 `` i liked marauder iii , '' he said . 
 `` good movie . '' 
 like pulling teeth . 
 `` what did you like about it ? '' 
 `` not sure , '' chad said . 
 what do i say now ? 
 `` hold on a second . '' 
 chad stepped away from her and barked at the guy across the street , `` hey ! 
 hey , who the hell are you ? '' 
 the guy stopped . 
 `` i 'm here to deliver a package to my uncle . 
 who the hell are you ? '' 
 chad strode across the street . 
 `` who 's your uncle ? '' 
 it took them a good five minutes to straighten out who was who and who had a right to be where . 
 for the first minute alena had looked at her feet , then she looked at the sky , then she counted the fence posts on the long iron fence that guarded the slope of the hills . 
 the whole city was one hill after another with the river street at the bottom of it all . 
 chad trotted up . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said . 
 `` we wo n't be late . '' 
 she just nodded . 
 the sooner they got done , the better . 
 they did n't speak on the way to the theater . 
 just before they reached the old theater building , skinny , dark-eyed marky stopped them again . 
 chad and he spoke in hushed tones , until chad cut him off . 
 `` screw this shit , i 'll do it myself . '' 
 marky paled and took off . 
 chad turned to her as if nothing happened and led her inside . 
 he offered to buy her popcorn and coke , but she declined . 
 the movie was awful . 
 long , tedious , odd , it did n't make a bit of sense . 
 after the first half she had grown numb to its monotony and simply tuned out . 
 she thought about the book of plays she wanted to finish reading that afternoon and mentally rewrote a couple of them in her head to bring them to a much happier conclusion . 
 finally the credits rolled on the screen . 
 she got up and quietly followed chad out of the theater . 
 outside chad 's face took on the look of serious concentration again . 
 the movie had been an utter failure and now he had to do some damage control . 
 she wondered what his next move would be . 
 he steered her toward lion park , where marble statues of lions guarded a huge three-tier fountain . 
 of course . 
 the ice-cream stand . 
 chad followed the old town manual of dating to a t : having done the movie , no matter how awful , he would now buy her ice cream . 
 they walked in silence . 
 `` that movie sucked , '' he said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 more silence . 
 this was so not working out . 
 chad came to a sudden halt . 
 she glanced in the direction of his stare and saw the ice cream shop . 
 a big closed sign hung up front . 
 chad looked almost pained . 
 for a moment she actually felt sorry for him . 
 chad realized that verbal seduction was quite beyond him and her family name prevented him from simply grabbing her and giving her br ** sts a squeeze , as he obviously wanted to do . 
 what was more , thirteen years of childhood made for a lot of memories and these memories sat between them like an impenetrable barrier . 
 `` do you remember a couple of years ago , you pushed me off the pontoon ? '' 
 she said suddenly . 
 chad glanced at her . 
 `` my mother forbade me to go swimming because of the factory dumping waste upstream from the pontoon , but i came anyway . 
 i was wearing a black dress with red and yellow dots on it . 
 you pushed me off the pontoon , and i felt something odd with my foot , but i climbed out . 
 and then you pushed my friend sveta in . 
 the blonde ? 
 she wore a white t-shirt . 
 you pushed her in , and when she surfaced , a dead body came up behind her . '' 
 she vividly remembered a pale body rising through the murky water the color of tea . 
 sveta had screamed and screamed . 
 even when the cops wrapped her in a blanket , she still made these tiny squealing noises , like something was broken in her chest . 
 light gleamed in chad 's eyes . 
 `` i remember that . 
 he was a wizard from the local academy . 
 he 'd gotten drunk , tried to swim the river at night , and got cut by a propeller . '' 
 alena nodded . 
 `` you probably made me step on the dead body . '' 
 chad smiled . 
 she stared at his grin in disbelief and took a deep breath . 
 `` look , the movie was bad , the ice cream is absent , and we wo n't even count the broken sleigh or the dead guy . 
 thank you for taking me out , but i 'd like to go home . '' 
 a dark shadow passed over chad 's face . 
 he squared his shoulders . 
 `` okay , '' he said finally . 
 they headed down the sloping street toward the river . 
 she did try . 
 she gave it her best shot . 
 no doubt everybody would be very disappointed that she failed to hit it off with chad . 
 but to sit in the park next to him , while he figured out what would be the fastest way to feel her up really was beyond her . 
 especially after that self-satisfied smile . 
 they turned the corner and stepped onto the river street . 
 three blocks , then up the slope and she would be home . 
 a hoarse howl of outrage rolled down river street . 
 alena stopped . 
 with a loud squeal something small dashed from behind the stone warehouse . 
 a second later marky and pol , two of chad 's finest , whipped around the corner and chased after it . 
 the thing veered left and bolted toward them . 
 alena squinted . 
 a pig ! 
 a small brown furry pig . 
 what in the world ... `` i 'm going to kill that f ** ker , '' chad snarled . 
 she glared at him , sure she misheard . 
 he charged at the pig . 
 the little beast dodged right , and chad collided with marky . 
 the smaller guy bounced off chad like dry peas from the wall . 
 chad whirled around , his face contorted with rage . 
 oh god , he really is going to kill the pig , flashed in alena 's head . 
 oh no . 
 no , you do n't . 
 a date was fine , but if he thought she 'd stand by and let him murder small animals , he was in for a big surprise . 
 she had to catch that beast before he did . 
 the pig headed straight for her , all but flying above the asphalt . 
 twelve feet . 
 ten . 
 six . 
 she lunged for it . 
 the pig swerved left . 
 her fingertips brushed its bristles and then it was off , running for its life down the street . 
 there was no way she could catch it in her heels . 
 shoes or the life of a little pig ? 
 it took her less than a second to decide and then she was running after the beast in her stockings . 
 behind her heavy thudding of boots announced the three guys giving chase . 
 three blocks flew by . 
 the pig made a rough left turn and charged into the old soccer field being remodeled into a tennis court . 
 ha ! 
 nowhere to go : twelve foot high chain fence enclosed the field to keep the soccer balls from flying in to the neighboring apartment house . 
 alena squeezed out a burst of speed and shot out into the soccer field . 
 where did he go ? 
 a hint of movement caught her eye . 
 there he was . 
 the beast had scrambled up the pile of red clay the construction crew was using to smooth out the field and perched there , covered in orange dust . 
 she jogged to the pile on her toes , trying to appear friendly and non-threatening . 
 the pig watched her advance with a weary look . 
 carefully alena began to climb the pile . 
 `` here little beast . '' 
 the powdery clay smooshed between her toes , her stockings shredded by her run . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 the pig glared at her but stayed put . 
 almost there . 
 a-a-almost . 
 she reached for it , moving as slowly as she could manage . 
 behind her chad 's deep voice warned , `` easy ... '' easy my foot , he would n't be getting his hands on the pig . 
 alena leaned until she was almost on all fours , her face level with the pig 's nose . 
 sad brown eyes looked at her from the fuzzy muzzle . 
 `` do n't worry , '' she whispered . 
 `` i wo n't let chad get you . '' 
 she inched forward , hair by hair , her outstretched hands reaching for the small brown body . 
 the beast squeaked and darted down the pile . 
 `` shoot ! '' 
 alena straightened in a sharp jerk . 
 the momentum pitched her off balance . 
 she teetered on the apex of a pile , waving her arms like an overgrown stork about to take flight . 
 clay crumbled under her feet . 
 she clawed the air , trying to hold on to something , but the sky rolled back , replaced by the view of the apartment house , and alena plunged down , sliding down the slope until the green soccer field grass slapped her face . 
 the world swam . 
 she shook her head and pulled herself upright . 
 a wide smudge of orange clay marked her side : from the remnants of her stockings across her blouse all the way up to hair hairline . 
 out of the corner of her eye she saw chad and his thugs skirt the pile and halt , staring at her open-mouthed . 
 she staggered to her feet . 
 her left side stung . 
 her right ankle was sore . 
 in the distance the pig shrieked as it tried to squeeze through a hole in the fence . 
 surprise twisted into predatory mask of glee on chad 's face . 
 `` he 's stuck ! '' 
 they charged after it like a pack of ravenous dogs . 
 alena chased after them . 
 they wanted the pig badly , but as much as she was scared for it , and her fear drove her so hard , she caught up with them at the end of the field . 
 with a heroic tug , the pig squeezed through the hole , leaving clumps of brown fur on the wire . 
 chad swore . 
 pol ran to the fence door and struggled with the piece of wire hooked through the lock to keep it shut . 
 the pig cleared the path from the soccer field and ran onto the old wooden staircase . 
 the stairs led down , back to river street . 
 on the left rose a huge yellow apartment building , on the right sat a row of old storage sheds , covered in grey waves of fibrocement roof . 
 the top of the stairway was just about level with the storage sheds . 
 the pig looked left , looked right , and backed up a couple of steps and leaped onto the roofs , its hoofs clacking on fibrocement . 
 pol finally worked the door open and they filed out onto the path . 
 the pig backed away from them . 
 it had reached the edge of the roofs , and it had nowhere to go . 
 chad measured the distance between the stairs and the sheds with his gaze . 
 `` you 're too heavy , '' marky said . 
 ` the roof will break . 
 let me ... '' chad was too heavy , but she was n't . 
 alena took a running start and jumped . 
 the fibro cracked under her but held . 
 step by step she began to advance . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw chad , marky , and pol run down the staircase , trailing her . 
 step . 
 another step . 
 the pig gathered itself into a tight clump . 
 long red scratches scoured its sides , where the fence had torn off the skin when it tried to escape the soccer field . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she told it . 
 `` it 's alright . 
 it will be okay . '' 
 her feet really hurt from all the barefoot running . 
 a stray thought zinged through her brain : this ca n't really be happening , can it ? 
 she pushed it aside , bent down , and grabbed the pig . 
 it did n't struggle . 
 it just looked at her with huge dark eyes and she was struck by an oddly sad expression in their depths ... with a thunderous crack , the roof collapsed . 
 alena plunged into darkness , pig pressed securely to her chest . 
 her damaged feet hit something hard . 
 suddenly there was n't enough air . 
 she choked , coughed , and realized she 'd landed into a pile of coal stored for the winter . 
 outside something crashed and then the door was torn from its hinges . 
 bright light stabbed into the shed . 
 chad appeared in the light . 
 he held a switchblade in his hand . 
 `` you did good , '' he said . 
 `` real good . '' 
 she rose to her feet shakily , clutching the beast . 
 `` give me the pig , '' he said . 
 her voice came out dull . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` give me the damn pig , '' he snarled . 
 something inside her broke , like a glass rod being snapped in two . 
 magic flooded her , roaring through her veins . 
 behind chad , marky backed away and she knew her eyes had ignited with pale green glow . 
 `` no , '' she growled . 
 the magic swelled inside her and broke lose . 
 the shed exploded . 
 chunks of coal pelted the walls , going right through the soft wood . 
 she took a step forward . 
 chad lunged at her and fell back , knocked aside like a twig . 
 that was her talent . 
 she did n't have anything elegant , like her father 's ability to precisely pinpoint a location miles away and establish that first tenuous connection which would allow the building of a water communication line . 
 nor was her magic complex like her mother 's ability to reconstruct images with her mind with perfect recall . 
 no , her power was simple and brutal , like her grandfather 's . 
 alena took another trembling step . 
 pol pulled out a knife and stabbed at her , trying to penetrate the invisible cocoon of magic . 
 she let the magic tear the knife from his hand . 
 the blade streaked past her and but into the nearest shed , sinking to the hilt . 
 the magic brushed against pol , and he went flying across the asphalt . 
 such a simple magic , really . 
 if she did n't want an object within six feet of herself , it moved out of her way . 
 streaks of silver shot in a continuous tornado around her , footprints of her power . 
 chad had doubled around her and barred her way up the staircase . 
 `` alena - '' `` move , '' she said . 
 he held on for another second , his hands white-knuckled on the rails , and then he moved aside . 
 limping and shuddering , she climbed up the stairway , up the steep path to the gate of her wooden fence . 
 as if in a dream , she opened the door , crossed the path between rose bushes , and came up three stairs to the porch . 
 as alena unlocked the door , she caught a flicker of her reflection in the glass . 
 orange clay covered her left side . 
 everything else was black with coal dust . 
 her hair flared from her head in a tangled filthy mess . 
 her eyes blazed with green . 
 even the pig she still held seemed to know better than to offer any resistance . 
 it just sat in her arms , filthy with a mix of clay , coal , and its own blood . 
 she looked down at her feet . 
 her stockings were in tatters . 
 long scrapes marked her bare feet . 
 by this evening everyone in the neighborhood would know what happened . 
 alena sniffled , reached into her pocket , pulled out a key and let herself in . 
 the family had just sat down for dinner . 
 they saw her and froze . 
 she looked at them , from the slack-jawed aunt ksenia , to the stunned face of her father , to her mother , petrified in mid-move , a pot of mashed potatoes in one hand and a big wooden spoon in the other , and hobbled past , to her room . 
 they watched her go . 
 nobody said a thing . 
 inside , she locked the door , crossed the room to her bathroom , got inside , and slid to the floor . 
 her magic died . 
 tears swelled in her eyes . 
 she released the pig and it backed away from her . 
 `` this was my favorite blouse , '' she told it and wiped the tears away with the back of her hand . 
 `` this will never wash out . 
 and the sad thing , i do n't even know why they were chasing you . '' 
 she crawled up onto her knees , picked up the pig , and maneuvered it into the tub . 
 `` and you got all scratched up . 
 look , you 're bleeding everywhere . 
 we need to wash that or it might get infected . '' 
 she turned on the water and began to gently rinse the clay and coal dust from the pig 's sides . 
 `` and none of this would 've happened , if that damn idiot had n't stood me up . 
 that stupid sonovabitch . 
 do you know how awful that felt ? 
 i felt this small . '' 
 she held up two fingers with barely any space between them before picking up the soap and building it into lather on the pig 's back . 
 `` and it 's not like dennis even was a decent boyfriend . 
 it 's not like he ever even noticed i was a girl . 
 it 's not like i wanted him to be all over me all the time or shower me with flowers . 
 just some small acknowledgment that i was pretty or at least female would 've been nice . '' 
 she rinsed the pig off and examined the scratches . 
 `` now see , all your battle scars are shallow . '' 
 she sniffled , blinking back the tears that kept wanting to break through her defenses into a full blown deluge . 
 `` after i 'm done , we 'll put some nice poultice on your hide to keep you healthy . 
 and you know , i perfectly understand that you ca n't comprehend a word i 'm saying . 
 i never thought i 'd end up in my bathroom looking like this pouring my problems onto a pig . '' 
 she paused and stared at it helplessly . 
 `` it 's just that i have nobody to talk to . 
 and if i do n't talk , i think i 'll fall apart to pieces . 
 and i do n't want to do that , because then my family will pity me . '' 
 she reached for the towel . 
 `` let me tell you about chad . 
 you should at least know who you ran away from . 
 it all started with a sleigh ... '' fifteen minutes later , the pig 's wounds were treated with cinnamon-smelling poultice and alena had ran out of words and began to strip her own clothes off . 
 `` i think we 'll have keep you in protective custody , '' she said , climbing into tub . 
 `` until chad gives up on his pig-killing dreams . 
 i can probably guilt father into building some kind of sty . '' 
 she picked up the shower head and turned on the water . 
 `` so i - '' the pig jerked . 
 its brown hide boiled , expanded , twisted , like a rapidly inflated balloon , paled and snapped into a nude man . 
 for a brief moment they stared at each other in total shock . 
 alena caught a flash of wide shoulders , young face , and dark intense eyes beneath brown eyebrows . 
 the man raised his hand , uttered an incantation , and vanished . 
 that was too much . 
 alena dropped the shower head . 
 her knees buckled . 
 she sat into the bathtub and collapsed into tears . 
 # someone knocked on the door . 
 alena ignored it . 
 mother swung open the door and brought it a tray . 
 `` it 's been three days , '' she said . 
 `` i understand you do n't want to come down for the family meals , but you have to eat something besides a sandwich a day . '' 
 a sandwich a day had been great , alena thought . 
 that way she did n't have to field questions from boris and her sister . 
 mother put the tray down and said next to her on the bed . 
 `` would you like to talk about it ? '' 
 alena shook her head . 
 mother pursed her lips . 
 `` this is n't what your father and i had in mind . 
 had we known it would turn out this way , i would 've never let you out of the house . 
 if it helps , the story has n't made the rounds . 
 everybody is talking about how thurmans are in a heap of trouble . 
 they 've managed to offend one of the patrician families , very powerful . 
 not sure how in the world they would even have come into contact with them - must 've been through their bank . 
 rumor has it , thurmans have to pay out an enormous sum to avoid a feud . 
 they 're liquidating their investments to raise cash . '' 
 alena looked up from her book . 
 `` so the date was completely for nothing ? '' 
 `` it appears so . '' 
 it figured . 
 maybe she was cursed . 
 the door bell rang . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 mother pushed the tray toward her . 
 `` eat . 
 please . '' 
 alena looked at the tray . 
 french fries and a piece of baked chicken . 
 at least it was n't a porkchop . 
 she would n't touch another piece of pork even if she was starving to death . 
 mother appeared in the doorway . 
 `` come . '' 
 her voice left no room for negotiation . 
 alena sighed and got up . 
 what now ? 
 she followed mother downstairs to the foyer . 
 the outside door was open . 
 she saw her father on the porch , wearing a plaintive expression she 'd never seen before . 
 her mother pushed her lightly , propelling her out the door into the sunlight . 
 `` here she is , '' she heard father say and then he brushed past her into the house and shut the door . 
 alena blinked against the sunshine and raised her hand to her eyes . 
 wide shoulders , dark eyes , and brown hair . 
 `` you 're ! '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 heat rushed to her cheeks and she knew she blushed . 
 he was about twenty and taller than her by half-a-foot . 
 even with green t-shirt it was plain that he was muscular , but his wide shoulders and powerful chest slimmed down to narrow hips and long legs that looked very nice in blue jeans and boots . 
 he stood with natural poise , light on his feet , and somehow elegant , despite his slightly disheveled hair . 
 his skin was tan , and his face made her blush harder . 
 his eyes were very dark , like bitter chocolate , and smart . 
 he was n't strictly handsome , but he was definitely attractive and very masculine . 
 and he had seen her naked . 
 after she chased him half across old town , clutched him to her br ** sts and carried him around for good fifteen minutes , and then told him her life story . 
 `` hi , '' he said . 
 `` hi , '' she echoed , wishing she could fall through the porch and vanish . 
 he dragged his hand through his hair . 
 `` this is really more awkward than i thought it would be . '' 
 he would get no arguments from her . 
 he pushed his hand through his hair again . 
 something gleamed on his hand - a ring . 
 her shocked brain took whole three seconds to digest the significance of the crest on it . 
 a patrician . 
 oh god . 
 he belonged to one of the magical heavy-weight families . 
 `` my name is duncan . 
 would you like to go on a date with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 alena recoiled . 
 he felt sorry for her . 
 `` i do n't need charity . '' 
 duncan took a small step back . 
 `` i see . 
 i understand , considering the circumstances . 
 well , if you do feel charitable , i 've left my number with your father ... '' `` i meant that i do n't need you to go on a date with me out of pity , '' she said and almost fainted from her own bravery . 
 `` pity ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i told you everything . 
 you probably think i 'm some sort of hysterical dimwit to be laughed at . 
 actually , it 's taking all of my willpower to stand here and speak to you and not run away screaming . '' 
 `` it 's taken pretty much all of my willpower to ask you on a date , '' duncan said . 
 `` i mean , i was a pig . 
 there might be a worst way to be introduced to a beautiful girl , but i ca n't think of any . 
 if anything , i 'm the laughing stock here . 
 i 'm a class ii pyro . '' 
 alena blinked . 
 a class ii pyromage . 
 he could incinerate entire city blocks in a matter of moments . 
 `` i have been properly educated . 
 and i 've managed to blunder right into a trap set by three punks whom i should be able to take down blindfolded with one hand tied behind my back . 
 it 's good the academy is out for the summer , or my desk would be filled with pig ears . '' 
 he growled low under his breath . 
 `` how did you ... ? '' 
 `` a friend of mine had been chased by a pack of wild dogs into a warehouse in this area , '' he said . 
 `` and then when his family came to get him , they were ambushed . 
 a rabid dog is classified as an imminent danger illusion . 
 it 's illegal . 
 i came down to see if any traces of the illusion remained , followed the residual magic , and walked right into a trap . 
 in my defense , it was a very good trap , a military grade short range transmutation mine . 
 i do n't know where the hell chad and his hangers-on had gotten it , but it 's illegal to posses it . 
 more , while it 's not unlawful to defend a family 's territory , setting traps and summoning imminent threat illusions is carrying it way too far . 
 chad knew what he was doing would land him into hit water , and once they discovered me , he told the smaller guy ... '' `` marky , '' alena supplied . 
 `` marky , to slit my throat . '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 `` he 's lost his mind . '' 
 `` he knew the mine magic would wear off eventually and he had n't a prayer of taking me on when i was human . 
 it was a lot easier to eliminate me while i was a pig . 
 lucky for me , neither marky nor his pal had the balls to do it . 
 apparently chad resolved to kill me himself , but i decided not to go meekly to the slaughter . 
 and you know the rest . 
 once the mine 's effect wore off , i ported back home and came back with cavalry . 
 the thing about military mines - when they go off , they leave a magic trail that even an idiot could follow . 
 we have thurmans by the throat . 
 that dumb stunt will cost them their financial security and if they play very nicely we might condescend not to bring charges . 
 look , i know we have n't met under the best of circumstances . 
 and nobody more than me wants to forget ever being a pig . '' 
 `` so why are you here ? '' 
 and why is my heart beating a mile a minute ? 
 duncan smiled . 
 he had a dazzling smile - it lit up his whole face , compelling her to smile back at him . 
 `` the truth is , i ca n't get you out of my head . 
 i tried . 
 i told myself , ` what will i say to her , oink-oink ? 
 she 'll laugh at me . ' 
 but i just had to try . 
 so here i am . '' 
 he spread his arms . 
 `` come on a date with me , alena . 
 please ? '' 
 what did she have to lose ? 
 alena took a deep breath . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he smiled again and she almost swooned . 
 he reached for her hand , brought her fingers to his mouth , and kissed them gently . 
 a tiny thrill ran through her . 
 `` are we going to the movies ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` hell no . '' 
 `` where then ? '' 
 `` fishing , '' he told her . 
 `` fishing ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the thing about going to the movies - you ca n't talk to the other person . 
 we 'll sit in my boat , drink soda from a cooler , watch the river and chat . 
 get to know each other . 
 if you 're worried about baiting your hook , i can - '' she snorted . 
 `` i 've fished in that river since i was seven . 
 you just try to keep up . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` deal . 
 thank you for saving my life , by the way . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she stepped close and kissed him on the cheek . 
 she had no idea where she got the gall to do it , she just did . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 he asked softly , his eyes dark and warm , as if lined with velvet . 
 `` for being a very brave little pig , '' she told him . 
 end <br/> 
